The real story starts.
Chapter III. Other Guy Found
Mike's insides tumbled and spun on his long walk through the campus as he made his way back to Andrea's place. He could hear his own blood racing through his dizzy head. Eric had agreed to meet them for lunch.
Mike was still undecided on whether or not he'd tell Andrea that Eric had seen her naked. Seen them both naked. Visions of that first night flashed in and out of Mike's head. He and Andrea snuck behind the hedge for their first rendezvous and Eric and his friend had caught them. While both Andrea and Mike knew they had a couple of dirty voyeurs watching it was Mike who had recognized one of them. Something he never told Andrea.
Trying to contain his excitement he made it to Andrea's with his skin hot and flushed. He whisked her into his arms kissing her deeply the instant the door opened. The door hadn't even closed as he ripped the shirt off her back. Tugging passionately at her shorts those too were tossed into a heap at their feet. Seconds later he backed away from her and stripped himself bare still ignoring the open door.
Wolf whistles echoed through the entry way and with a casual glance Mike slipped his arm around Andrea's waist. Pulling her beside him, they turned together to reward the passers by with a full frontal view as he pushed the door closed. Mike and Andrea followed the closing door leaning and waving a merry good-bye to the pair of fortuitous wanderers.
The lovers were like-minded shameless exhibitionists and something about being seen naked set their fires burning hot and intense. Taking Andrea by the hand Mike pulled her into the living room and backed her butt up against the couch. They were directly in front of the big window and by unspoken mutual agreement the drapes were not closed. Andrea inched her rear up and onto the back of the couch leaving her feet dangling as Mike came up behind her kneeling on the cushions the back of the couch between them.
His arm encircled her torso and he filled his hand with her right breast, letting her nipple slink into the 'V' between his fingers trapping it. Mike relished the soft mound of her small breast wickedly craning his neck over her shoulder to watch her areola puff up and thicken. Working his hand he kneaded her boob, squeezing and releasing the nipple he had trapped between his fingers. Practiced motions made her nipple swell, thicken and puff. Seeing her breast capped by those beautiful puffy nipples added so much to his excitement!
Fully erect and painfully rigid Mike leaned his sex into the couch. Rolling his hips he scrapped the soft head of his cock up the rough, resisting fabric of that sofa. As he scraped his cock over that material his left hand skimmed over Andrea's tummy and dove between her legs. He cupped her pussy noticing Andrea had lifted her hanging legs and resting her feet oh the back of the couch she had spread them as wide as she could, right in front of that uncurtained window.
Lost in the luscious thickness of this overt carnal moment Mike trailed his fingers through the succulent folds of Andrea's well spread pussy. Relishing the heat and wetness. Mike let his middle finger run its length over Andrea's clit. It was still hidden by its hood and as Mike's finger traveled over it his finger dragged that hood further and further down over the nub. Mike shook, feeling the shaft of her clit hard and long in its nesting spot. He twitched his finger making that little rod roll to and fro in its warm fleshy shroud. Towards the end of his motion he curled his middle finger and pressed it inside of her tunnel.
Held in his embrace Mike leaned in kissing her hair, neck and ears and whispered...
"I've found a guy for us"
He felt Andrea squirm in his grasp. She tried to turn and address what he had just said but Mike wickedly pushed a second finger deep into her sopping twat. Rather than let her spin to talk to him about it he kept her impaled on his fingers. Probing and sliding in and out of her at a fevered pace. The more he pounded her the wetter she was. Loving how wet she was Mike finally withdrew his fingers and brought them up. Andrea licked at his fingers as they passed and Mike then cleaned her wetness from them with his mouth. Leaving his lips coated with her juices he worked his hands back into her wet hole running his thumb over her clit as his two fingers re-entered her. Using that thumb and with a bit of backwards pressure Mike pressed the hood of her clit back bringing her wet shiny button into the cool air.
With the lightest of teasing touches Mike swirled the pad of his thumb over her little clit know how this drove her crazy. His lips still grazed her neck and ear lobes as he added in a naughty whisper.
"He's seen you naked. Oh, and he knows who you are because just a few minutes ago he asked where you were."
Andrea's whole body shook in Mike's strong arms, she let out a deep, deep moan and a split instant later Mike shook too as he felt the insides of Andrea's wet cunt spasm over and over against his deeply inserted fingers.
Moaning again she leaned her head back and commanded,
"Mike Fuck me"
This situation was beyond any thing Mike had imagined and loving how turned on he was he didn't want to release the energy yet so in another sighed moment he wickedly said.
"No" and instead of fucking her he kissed, nibbled and pulled her backwards onto the sofa.
The second her back hit the cushions he pushed her legs apart and dove between them. Driven by all his passion and lust he licked and sucked her clit until she begged him to give her a rest. With his face coated with her juice he rose up his erection standing hard and proud pointing towards the ceiling and kissed her.
Andrea lay there motionless reclaiming her energy. Her orgasms had drained her. In all their time together Mike had never assaulted her body with such pent up desire. She loved how he had taken her and still he remained hard and denied.
Floating in the ebb tide of their tryst she rested her hand over her ravaged pussy mulling over Mike's breathy words. Who was the guy? Mike said he'd seen her naked. So was the guy a former boy friend? She hoped not because the only relationship she had here before Mike had not ended well. Where could he have seen her naked? Was he some kind of creepy peeking perv? Again she hoped not.
That was when she thought back to the time Mike and her had sex outdoors. They did attract an audience. So could the 'guy' be the one from the couple who had watched them? If so how did Mike ever find him? So many questions to be answered but one thing for sure whoever it was had turned Mike into a steaming sexual animal. That all by itself was a great time.
Mike sat there next to her and as she calmed. Maneuvering her free hand she found his still hot erect shaft. With gentle motions she stoked the length of his shaft. Loving caresses designed not to bring him off but to keep him engorged. With a little inhale she opened her eyes and exhaled her questions.
"Mike who is this guy? How did you meet him? Tell me all about him." And finally... "Don't I have some say so in who we choose?"
Answering the last question first he said.
"Of course you have a say so... and that is why we're just meeting him for lunch... tomorrow. That way you have the final say so. If he's not right for you then he's not right for me. Okay?"
Her touching of his cock never changed and with a small nod she acquiesced to meeting Eric for lunch.
Over the next few minutes Mike told her about heading to his office just to find out he was back in the same lab that he had used to watch them. Mike told Andrea about catching Eric kissing a coed and all the while she casually kept stroking his cock. Finally he got to the part where Eric told Mike he was bisexual and enjoyed playing with both boys and girls.
Andrea had been listening as she idly ran her hand up and down Mike's shaft. His last words however, sent a renewed flood between her legs. She flicked her eyes to Mike swollen cock watching as she milked a clear drop of precum from the little slit. Feeling her insides rolling in sweet desire she shifted her eyes to his. From their first verbal explorations into bringing in another lover Andrea had found the thought of seeing Mike with another guy blistering hot! She knew how she felt and lying there she tried to measure Mike's thoughts about Eric's bisexuality. In a barely audible tone she watched Mike's eyes glaze as her question took him.
"So Eric is bisexual. When he told you that did you picture your cock hard and touching his."
Funny but in the lab even before he had pictured Eric playing with his girl friend he had imagined Eric's cock hard, heavy and resting its weight across his own hard cock. Something that in the daydream happened as he and Eric pressed close to Andrea an accident, a very stimulating accident.
Mike answered Andrea with a guttural moan. Hiding her grin she lightened her touch intentionally frustrating Mike. She was going to tease him and keep him hard for as long as possible heightening and building his need to uncontrollable levels.
Mike naturally forced his dick through her grasp trying to increase the friction that her lightened touch denied. Her last words to him had only served to turn his need to get off into a boiling frenzy. When he couldn't achieve the touch he needed from her hand he brought in his own more powerful hand. Closing it over hers and crushing her hand tightly around his member. Rutting, thrusting like a wild animal. With a bat of her other hand she shooed his hand away telling him...
"Oh no you don't get to cum tonight. It's you punishment for not telling me all about Eric before you invited him to lunch."
Mike moaned and whimpered as Andrea slowed and then removed her hand from his rod. It took a long time for him to calm. Each time he thought he was withering he'd quiver remembering either Andrea's tormenting words or her command not to cum and he harden right up. One thing for sure Andrea knew Mike well. Each second of her teasing only increased his anticipation of what was to come.
Less than an hour later Mike was ushered out of Andrea's place. As she closed the door she leaned in, kissed him and gently reminding him he wasn't allowed to cum. Her last parting words renewed the iron in his cock as he could only guess at what they could mean...
"Come back tomorrow around 10. I have a job for you before we meet Eric for lunch. A job you going to love and don't you dare show up if you get yourself off tonight."