Sitting in the office this morning as Michele did her thing in front of these new employees. She ran her classes with a commanding presence. I should have been paying attention, but I couldn't stop thinking about last night, and this morning.
We'd woken together in the same position we fell asleep in. Exhausted from our marathon of love making the night before. Then cuddling together in an embrace only passionate lovers can share. Shortly after slowly waking together, we had said our good byes quickly so we could both be ready for work, and I hadn't seen her until she walked back into the classroom a few hours ago.
We were both focused on the task at hand, until the next break came, and all the employees left the room, only the two of us remained. She moved quickly to my table, and touched my arm.
"Oh my God, Scott, I can hardly focus...last night was..." her voice trailed off for a second.
"Amazing?" I suggested.
"Yes, amazing." She agreed.
"How are you feeling?" I asked.
"Sore, like really, really sore...I don't think I can do that again tonight." She stated.
"So there's going to be a tonight?" I asked coyly, smirking at her.
She squeezed my arm hard, "There better be," she said smiling. Michele let my arm go and returned to her own desk just as the door swung open with one of the employees. She looked up at me, "So during lunch I'd like to go over the afternoon's lesson plan, Scott".
"Sounds perfect," I responded professionally. She'd just arranged another 'date' on company time, and I couldn't wait to talk to her again over a meal. Yesterday proved quite interesting, but I had no plans to push her into the dom/sub role we'd slipped into yesterday. Maybe I could learn more about her over lunch, maybe there was a fantasy that I could help her live out later.
The next hour passed quickly and before I knew it I was following her through the cafeteria to our seats again. She wore black three inch heels again, nylons with a line that ran straight up the back of her calves, and a semi-tight black dress that ended below her knees and came up high around her neck. The slightly for fitting dress hugged the curve of her ass just enough to make me throb again deep in my suit pants. I had to be careful not to stare while in the office, but damn, it was getting harder to focus, now that I knew just how perfect her ass looked when her clothes came off. Her long blonde hair was down today, and it flowed as she walked and sat down at her chosen table. As I sat, I realized, yet again we were sitting far away from prying eyes and ears of anyone else.
"So," I started, not wanting to waist a second..." How did you like your fantasy last night? Did I do a good job of helping you explore?"
She preceded to tell me how much it meant to her. First, that I'd listened to her and remembered the things she wanted to experience. It meant a lot to her that she'd only told me about her fantasy one time, and I was able to help her experience something so personal so quickly. She told me about how excited and scared she was stripping in the hallway, and how wet it had made her. Being naked up against the windows, and the biggest test, with the room service guy who got to appreciate her body up close. We'd pushed that boundary she'd never been able to explore before, and from what she told me, it turned her on more than she could have imagined. The slight fear had created an adrenaline rush, that culminated in her being more turned on than she expected. She also told me in detail of how the dominating role I'd played, being strong and not weak, taking what I wanted...while still making sure she was satisfied, was better than she'd imagined. That she'd never been able to ask past boyfriends, or her husband, to be that way with her, and she'd loved experiencing it with me. She felt vulnerable yet safe, she felt violated yet cherished, she felt powerless and yet powerful, but mostly she felt like I'd treated her like the princess, especially how I'd taken such care with her at the end of the night. The whole experience was beyond her wildest dreams and it had really turned her on. She told me she wanted to experience more together.
I liked the sound of that. I also wanted more, I was so happy to hear how much she'd enjoyed our time together. I never heard such honest compliments before, especially physically, she knew exactly how to tell me how much she appreciated what we'd shared. We talked more in detail about what we both liked about the night before. How there had been many firsts for both of us. It was so nice to share such intimate details with a woman and not feel belittled, or guilty for my desires. We talked openly about what we liked, and what we wanted to experience more of. She had really liked exploring some exhibitionism, and wanted more. We learned about each other's most passionate desires...all in the seemingly innocuous setting of the company cafeteria.
She mentioned to me about how the foreplay was completely void in her marriage, and I agreed, that mine was too. We both missed it desperately. Even after talking with our spouses, both had responded either negatively or not at all. Sex was mechanical in our marriages, and it was killing both of us slowly. We didn't want to feel that way, and we both needed to feel passion on a regular basis, passion like we'd both experienced in the last two days with each other. She told me how sore she was as well.
"You fucked me raw last night, I have places where my skin is just gone," she whispered.
I just smiled back. "Sorry..."
She got serious, leaned in, and whispered very directly. "Don't fucking apologize to me for that, I loved every second. It's like I feel you in my pussy with the pain I have with each step as I walk. But maybe we can experience a lot foreplay later, then see if I'm able to squeeze that big cock into my tight pussy after that."
She knew what she was doing, and didn't have to ask, I was throbbing again, and I think I felt some precum escape the tip on that last sentence.
"Michele, you are incredible, truly incredible." I told her smiling ear to ear.
"You bring out the best in me," she smiled back, looking back at me with an intensity in her eyes and deep seeded trust that let me know she was up for more exploration tonight.
The rest of the day was a blur, we were both busy helping our employees get used to the system they'd be using, and basic work functions. She slipped me a note carefully that just read "Dinner, hotel bar, 7:00." It could not get here fast enough.
Heading down to the bar from my room, I had a thought. She liked me being in control, she liked the exhibitionism...she may have chosen the date and time, but I'm going to put her back on her heels. If it's foreplay she wants, then it's foreplay she will get.
I got to the hotel bar early, and spoke with the bartender. I told him to keep an eye out for her, and at precisely 7:15, hand her a note I'd written quickly on a napkin. I wanted her waiting in anticipation first, and then I was going to have a little fun with her tonight...all night.
I turned to see her arrive, and I quickly ducked behind the bar and left through the kitchen as she began surveying the room. I peeked back in where I could observe her, as she was seated at a table near the back of the restaurant, a perfectly quiet 'date' table.
I walked quickly to the hotel clothing store. Finding the employee, I spoke with her in a hushed tone, explaining that I wanted to surprise my girl...she helped me find the perfect dress, spaghetti straps, all silk, short, mostly blue with a white Hawaiian floral print. With this on, not one curve of her body could be hidden. We found some matching rope wedge heels as well. I tipped her $50 as she then unlocked a changing room and allowed me inside, re-locking the door behind me as I entered the small room. Three walls lined with mirrors and a slightly raised platform on one side, and the last wall was a bench seat with a wooden wall behind it. I sat on the bench and waited.
Michele must have looked slightly annoyed at 7:15 when the bartender handed her a napkin. She immediately read the scribbled words I had put there. "Sorry to keep you waiting, anticipation can be a beautiful thing, I changed your plans, come to the clothing store across the lobby, a present awaits." She told me later that she giggled, and stood, she walked quickly in her heels across the lobby. I could hear her begin to speak with the employee I'd talked with moments ago. Then I heard her compliment the dress, and be escorted to the dressing room.
"The person who bought this for you, insisted that you put it on, you can change in here." The attendant said. The door unlocked, and opened just enough for her to walk inside. We locked eyes immediately as she clutched her dress and shoes. She stepped inside as the door was locked behind her, noting the sudden privacy, she bent to kiss me.
I stopped her. "No, change first." I said coyly, nodding towards the platform surrounded by mirrors.
She looked at me, then at the mirrors and back again, flashed me the smile that told me she was game.
She stood on the platform facing me confident at first, but I watched that drain away quickly as she noticed how exposed she would be for me. I motioned with my finger for her to turn around. She complied silently and faced the mirrors, her back to me. With the angled mirrors, she could be looked at from three angles, and I had the last one straight ahead as well. Every inch of her would soon be on display for me. She started with the zipper in the back of her dress, slowly sliding it all the way down. The dress quickly fell off her shoulders, slipped over her body and pooled at the floor. She stood in front of me, facing herself in the mirror with me behind her, now just in a strapless black bra, tiny thong, thigh highs and heels. Her pert little ass was absolutely perfect.
"See how beautiful you are." I complimented her.
She smiled nervously, holding her pregnant belly, sliding her hands over her skin to her hips.
"Keep going..." I commanded in a whisper.
A little sheepish look now, but she did, unhooking her bra, and allowing her petite breasts free, each breast slightly swollen from her pregnancy, her beautiful pink nipples were stiff from excitement and the cool air in the store, they stood erect like little erasers. I looked at her face, and she was a little nervous. We'd been naked together before, but being naked while passionately kissing feels different than exposing yourself in front of someone. Especially with the bright lights, mirrors, up on this platform, she was on display for me...and I was enjoying every inch of her.
We made eye contact, and I gave her a bit of confidence in my facial expression, as she got another wry smile, hooked her thumbs in the hips of her thong and slipped it down slowly. She bent over at the waist as the thin fabric slipped from her ass and down her thighs. I could see her smooth little pussy peek through her thighs. Even from a few feet away I could see how wet she was...dripping. From the look of things, her thighs were wet and glistening too. My plan was working...if it's foreplay she wants, she'll get so much she'll beg me to let her come much later tonight. Her thong slipped over her heels, and she stood in front of me, completely naked, just the hose and heels.
She looked at her pregnant body, trying to cover her belly with her hands...self conscious that she didn't see the firm and toned belly she'd come to expect from a 'sexy' body she once had. I stood up and moved to her quickly, now behind her, moved her hands to her sides, and I reached around her and caressed her belly. She closed her eyes, "No," I said, "Open them, I want you to watch." She complied.
I gently, slowly, and just barely touching her, slid my hands all over her belly, her hips, down her legs to her feet and back up again several times. My hands glided softly over her skin, electrifying every nerve as I went over her back, her belly, her swollen breasts were still petite and fit easily into my strong hands. Her light pink nipples were hard and ached to be touched directly, but I continued my attention to the rest of her. My hands tickled her skin over her belly, and lower, her completely shaven pussy was smooth to the touch, her little lips throbbing and sensitive to my light touch. My hands slid up over her hips, her ribs, until I touched her neck, and turned her towards me.
She turned around, I pulled her close as if to kiss her, but stopped short. "You are the most desirable woman I have ever seen," I whispered. I took her new dress, she raised her arms, and I slipped it over her arms, past her head and down her body. The material had the desired effect. It hugged her breasts, her nipples jutted out through the thin fabric. Her pregnant belly gripped the dress tight as well and caused the front of the hem to lift an inch or two higher than in the back...quite a few inches higher than mid thigh, really just a couple inches below the crease of her ass. Just little bit too short...but not exposing her indecently when standing straight...just enough to be a little erotic of a fit. More bedroom than ballroom, I thought, but it would provide her the attention I wanted her to find.
She leaned in for a kiss, I backed out by an inch, "not yet," I whispered again. I slid my hands down her sides, over her hips, and began to kneel as my fingers traced down the outside of her thighs. I kneeled in front of her and helped her out of her work heels, rolled her hose down her legs and off, and into her new rope wedges. At this level, I could see just under her dress. Her tender pussy was swollen. I licked my lips as I peered at her sex. Her lips were plump, her little clit was hard and throbbing, straining to be touched. I watched intently just a foot away, I saw her clit throb for me as more wetness slipped from her entrance, over her lips between her thighs. I moved my head closer, and could feel her catch her breath in anticipation of my touch.
I could smell her sex, delightfully fruity, with just a hint of must from how wet she was for me. Now my face was just an inch away, I exhaled warm air from my mouth over her soaking wet lips, and I felt her inhale and and hold her breath again. Her hands moved to the back of my head, gently encouraging me to take it a step further. I held her hips and kept my one inch distance from her sweet pussy. I so badly wanted to taste her, but needed this to prolong a little longer. I leaned in and kissed her thigh, just an inch from her wet kitty. She moaned softly. I allowed my lips to remain on her another moment, inhaling her scent again, but then released her and stood up.
She looked up at me now, even in the heels, I was still 7-8 inches taller than she was. She looked at me with a cute desperation in her face. She wanted me, I could see it, in her eyes, her pupils we dilated, she mouthed the word "please" silently.
I leaned down and gently kissed her lips. They were tender and trembling, searching for the warmth in my mouth her tongue slipped to mine as we embraced. My hands went to her hips and I turned her from the kiss.
I whispered, "look how beautiful you are."
She opened her eyes and looked at herself in the mirror. She smiled, wiggled her hips a bit so the hem of the dress swayed. She ran her hands down her sides, seeing how the thin fabric clung to her upper body. I could see her looking at her nipples, poking out for everyone to see, she hesitated. She was fairly conservative, and it wasn't in her 'comfort zone' to be this exposed. She knew I wanted her to be my 'arm candy' tonight, and pleasing me was high on her list. She looked at me, and took a long, deep breath, and we both smiled, this was another boundary she'd cross with me. She was going to have more eyes on her tonight than just mine.
I gently slid my fingers up the backs of her thighs to the crease where her legs ended and her cheeks began, she closed her eyes and bit her lower lip as my finger tips made contact with her ass. It was so perfect, and I wanted to take her right there, she leaned back into me, wiggling her butt as she did, trying to encourage me for more. But I withdrew, she opened her eyes, and I picked up her dress clothes, put them in the bag the attendant had left, and we walked out of the dressing room.
I handed the bag over the counter as we left, "Please deliver these to my room," the employee smiled and nodded as we left.
Michele caught the girl's eyes and slowed her walk for a moment, her eyes roamed Michele's body as we walked by, her gaze had paused at her breasts as mine did. She already had her first admirer of the night.
We left the store and I stopped her, took both her hands in mine and looked her right in the eye. "Did you see how she looked at you?"
"Yes," Michele replied with a big smile on her face, "she wants me!"
"She's not the only one." I responded.
Michele looked down and saw the noticeable bulge in my pants, I was half hard for her and it was obvious. She gave my stiffening cock a playful squeeze and we turned, I took one of her hands and led her towards the tropical restaurant poolside.
As we walked through the restaurant I watched Michele looking at everyone's reactions to her. This beautiful girl, wearing barely anything but a thin, short, silk dress. She had everyone's attention, I counted at least a dozen people mentally undressing her on the walk to our table on the railing near the pool. We sat down and she felt a little self conscious. We made eye contact.
"How does it feel to know that everyone in this restaurant wants to have sex with you?" I asked with a big smile.
She giggled, "stop it, you're so bad." She began nervously looking around the room and covering a breast with her forearm. But she conceded, "It feels fucking fantastic, I feel so sexy!" As she stated this, a big smile crossed her face, and her eyes lit up.
"You're even wetter now, aren't you?" I whispered.
"So wet." She said with a serious tone, never breaking eye contact with me.
"Really?" I jokingly questioned, as I saw Michele nervously look over at an elderly man seated at a table across the aisle from us. He was sitting with a similarly aged woman who must have been his wife, she was facing him, away from us. So he looked directly at our table, more specifically, at Michele. His eyes were roaming her body trapped in the thin material as she took a sip of her water looking back at me.
"Prove how wet you are." I started, "and let him see it too."
She just about choked on her water. I watched her mind race with options to get out of such a preposterous suggestion.
"You're crazy, I'm not doing that, we'll get arrested!" She exclaimed.
"Do it. I want you to prove it to me, and that poor guy hasn't seen a beautiful 31 year old pussy in at least 40 years." I smiled, not breaking eye contact, knowing she was now mulling it over.
I sat very still, she was looking over at the man, then me, then him again and she smiled. He smiled. He looked at her sweetly, how could she resist giving him a thrill, and please me? She stood up from the table, slowly moved right in front of me. She now stood facing me and perfectly between me and the older gentleman across the way, looking down as I looked up at her.
"Is he watching?" She asked.
I peeked around her, "oh yes, he's staring at your ass."
She began to bend over slowly, presumably leaning over to kiss me, but really just bending over and pushing her ass toward the man. Her thin dress began to ride up her hips as she bent further over. I watched the hem of the fine material lift and slip up her hips, I could just barely see the man's face, he gasped. No doubt, her perfectly smooth pussy was now peeking through her thighs at him. She slid her fingers between her smooth thighs and dipped two fingers quickly through her slit, and immediately deposited her fingers into my mouth. Her taste was intoxicating, so sweet, so yummy. She pulled her fingers out and kissed me hungrily, tasting herself on my lips and tongue. She kissed me hard with a purpose. Then, just as quickly as she started, she stopped, stood up, and returned to her seat. She looked over at the man and winked.
His pulse was clearly racing and he was breathing quickly, after seeing her wink and smile, he smiled back, reaching down in plain view to adjust a bulge in his khakis.
"Oh my God!" Michele exclaimed, as she turned towards me and took another sip of her water.
I just laughed never breaking eye contact with her. "See? I told you I'm not the only one who finds your outrageously attractive."
She smiled, "Scott, you are such a bad influence, but I've never felt more sexy in my life!"
I winked, and opened my menu.
She leaned forward, "I can't believe he's hard for me!"
"I'm sure his is not the only cock you've made stir in here." Looking around, many guys in the restaurant were glancing over at her.
Her eyes roamed the room and confirmed the same for herself. "Fuck. That turns me on, knowing I'm having that effect on so many men at once. I've never been allowed to show off. Always told to cover up, look conservative, no men ever mentally undressed me like they did earlier. I like it, I like feeling powerful, I like having the control over so many, without even touching them!"
"A week of first's indeed. I want you to show off to your heart's content tonight." I continued to peruse the menu as our waiter came to the table.
He took our drink orders and told us about the specials, he tried to hard to focus on his job, but as he looked at Michele in her silky dress, he noticed her hard nipples straining at the thin fabric as if she wasn't wearing anything at all. I smiled as he began stammering, lost his train of thought and had to excuse himself. He rushed back to the kitchen, embarrassed. We both laughed, Michele shifted in her seat and crossed and recrossed her legs. All this attention was keeping her turned on for sure, and from the look of desperation on her face, she was needing a release soon.
"Showing off is such a turn on Scott," she confided in me.
"I'm glad you are enjoying yourself. I'm enjoying watching you explore this immensely, so is he." I nodded in the direction of her new fan across the aisle. He was talking to his wife, but his eyes weren't leaving Michele's body.
"I'm so wet, and ready for anything, my pussy is thumping." She looked at me seriously again, "Ready for ANYthing," she repeated with more emphasis.
I chuckled a little, "ANYthing huh?" I repeated, "Well, I wonder how many fans you can find in the restaurant. I wonder how many cocks you can stiffen on the way to and from the bathroom?"
After her last comment, she had probably been expecting me to pay the bill and rush her up to the room. But my version of 'anything' meant much more anticipation and exploration of her new found appreciation for her own exhibitionism. But she smirked.
"I think we should place a bet." I started. "If you can make at least three guys hard, I'll bring your favorite coffee to the office in the morning, if you don't get three, you owe me an orange juice."
She laughed, and glanced around the room. Several guys were still glancing over as she peered around. I watched her facial expression. I could tell she was wrestling with the idea of it all. Her conservative public nature, and inexperience of even showing off in the slightest was waging war with her libido who was really enjoying the attention she was gaining from releasing her inner horny flirt.
"Does the old man count?" She asked.
"Nope, it's got to be three new throbbing cocks." I let the words sink in.
She squirmed, squeezing her thighs tight against her naked and slippery lips barely concealed under her dress. She took another nervous sip and looked like she was about to stand when we were interrupted by our waiter finally returning to our table. He apologized for leaving in a hurry and started again with the daily specials. This time, entirely focused on me, not looking at Michele at all.
She noticed, looked at me and back at him, then back to me and smiled. I knew what she was thinking, here was her first victim.
"Could you repeat that first one?" She said in her best sultry voice. He looked over, as she picked up her glass and raised it near her lips "It sounded sooooo tasty."
As the words left her lips, her tongue slid out slowly curling around the straw and taking the whole tiny plastic shaft into her mouth. He was speechless and just stopped to watch her for a moment before doing as she instructed. The whole time he talked she slid her mouth slowly up and down the top inch or so of the straw, giving in it a slow blow job, never breaking eye contact with him.
I watched him shift on his feet nervously. As he continued, she gently slid a hand across her chest softly pinching her nipple pushing through the thin fabric just so that he and I could see. Her mouth just kept sucking and releasing, looking up at him the whole time. He was clearly turned on, and beginning to get uncomfortable, but he realized now, she was doing this very much on purpose just for him. He nervously looked around, how he stood, no one could see in front of him but us. He slipped his right hand into his pocket and fumbled toward his bulging crotch.
Michele continued pleasuring the straw, her lips wet and full as they slid up and down the tiny plastic stem. She pinched and rolled her hard nipple between her fingers. She then slipped her hand into the neck of her dress, and moved her hand over her breast, touching the aroused, pink flesh directly. His eyes opened wide, and he very clearly adjusted himself in his pants. He tried to be nonchalant about it, but he was only a foot or so away from her, she watched his bulge strain the fabric in it's new erect position. The stiffness stretching the fabric in a thick cylinder leading along his fly to his belt. Michele's eyes grew larger as she looked at the bulge just a foot from her face. He looked very well endowed and had her full attention.
She moaned, then slowly slid her hand out of her dress and released the straw from the confines of her warm mouth. She looked over at me, and raised 1 finger silently. I smiled, this was only the first but I was now sure I was going to owe her coffee.
She looked back at him, "thank you," she flirted, "you made it a really HARD choice, but I think I'll have the first special."
"Me too." I completed our order.
"Will you come back and show me what's for dessert?" She asked the waiter coyly and looked over his bulge once again. He just nodded, smiled, and slowly turned, trying to hide his bulge as he walked through the restaurant to the kitchen.
"Well?" She asked, "how was that?"
I chuckled to myself again, "I think he's in the kitchen wishing he could be finishing himself off, bet he thinks of you when he's alone in his bed tonight."
I watched a lustful expression cross Michele's face, she liked the idea of our waiter thinking of her a he tugged on his cock later. "You like that thought?" I asked.
"Mmmmmhmmmmm." She moaned, "oh yea I do, I hope he comes really hard for me later."
"Two more, or breakfast is on you tomorrow," I teased.
She looked at me, and burned a hole through my head with her lustful smile. She slowly surveyed the room, searching for her next victim. Who would the next guy to appreciate her tight, petite, pregnant body? I smiled at the thought, she could have any man in here, but this beautiful creature was choosing to spend her time with me. Time with just me, and exploring her deepest, and darkest, sexual fantasies. We'd been sharing things with each other that we could not share, much less even talk about with our spouses. Michele and I had found similar holes in our other relationships, voids that each of us seemed to be perfectly suited to fill. We were enjoying every second of our exploration and discovery.
Her eyes came back to me, "What are my rules?"
The elderly man and his wife stood from their table, and made their way to the exit slowly. He smiled and gave her one more long once over. We were both thinking the same thing, his wife was getting lucky tonight, as he thought of Michele's perfect little pussy. My mind snapped back to her question.
"No touching," I replied, "it has to happen from you showing yourself off."
She smiled and stood up from the table, I looked around the room trying to identify her prey before she made it over to him. As she walked toward the bar, there were several guys, seemingly travelers on business like us, sipping drinks and eating snacks. As she approached I couldn't tell who she was talking to at first. Two guys turned around, one tall and broad shouldered, a little like me, but with wavy and thinning blonde hair, probably early 50s. The man sitting two his left was smaller, rounder, with black curvy hair and retro style glasses, he was younger, maybe mid thirties. They both turned together, and the black haired man, pushed his glasses up on his nose as she approached. She seemed to ask them a question.
It was then I realized, she was talking to not one, but both men, as them seemingly answered her together. I couldn't hear their conversation, but I could make out their expressions, nervously smiling, and their eyes roaming over her tight little body. Her pregnant belly stretched the thin silk, and her swollen breasts and rock hard nipples were impossible to miss. As her smooth legs poured from the bottom of her dress, she showed nearly all her thighs, just the top few inches hidden under the thin fabric. Their eyes didn't leave her body as she swayed back and forth causing the dress to lift slightly in the wind. They seemed to be pointing now, and commenting about her dress.
She was gathering more attention than she planned, I noticed the two men on either side of the two original gentlemen now turning around and looking at her. I counted at least three more sitting at a table near the bar leaning over for an eyeful as well. As she turned around, she noticed them too. Then she looked in my direction, she smiled that impish smile. Oh, what did she have in mind now?
She turned over her shoulder to make sure she had the men's attention, and began to bend over, just as she had at our table. The two men just stared in disbelief as the little dress rode up her hips, exposing her ass. She continued to bend over a bit further and I could tell from their reaction, her little pussy lips had made their appearance. One man hit the other in the shoulder, and pointed. She was half bent over and looked at me, smiled again, and bent further, reaching down for her ankles and slipping a hand between her legs.
The crowd of men could not believe their eyes, I watched her raise her hand between her thighs and I could only imagine, she must have been slipping her fingers through her soaking slit for them. I saw three guys immediately put their hands on their bulges, adjusting. The bartender was there now too, reaching under the bar in the same place. She stayed down there a long time, rubbing and touching herself. At least 5 men I could see, were now openly stroking their erections through their pants.
She stood and turned around, holding her glistening fingers for all to see. She took a step closer to them. I could see how wet her digits were from my seat across the room. When she was sure she all eye contact form all of them, she slipped her fingers into her own mouth and sucked them clean. All the men now rubbing and tugging on their erections all confined in their pants, but they'd lost their inhibitions and were following her lead.
She took a long time cleaning her fingers. When she was done, she looked down, the men were still rubbing their crotches, she slowly walked by each one, looking at their bulges. Smiling she paraded in front of each of them. Seemingly enjoying the attention she earned.
She walked slowly back to me, smiling that devilish grin the whole way. She stopped in front of me, and slowly lifted the front of her dress. I looked between her legs, her pussy was pouring her juices over her lips and down both her thighs. I could see her clit pulsating, and her lips were so full, and engorged. I knew she was so turned on, but those words didn't even begin to describe what I saw. We made eye contact, she was desperate, needing to come soon, her poor kitty was aching.
"Please let me come baby!" She begged me.
She looked down at my pants, it wasn't until then that I became aware that I too was rubbing my crotch, and my cock was rock hard, straining the fabric of my pants. She smiled, and quickly dropped herself on top of me, straddled me in the chair. Locking her lips onto mine she immediately ground her pussy against my cock trapped in my pants. I could feel her heat through the material. I instantly felt her wetness soaking through my pants. She slid up and down, driving her sopping cunt against my hard mast. She kissed me hard and forcefully, her tongue jamming it's way into my mouth as she ground herself with more determination now. I could tell, she wanted one thing only.
I thought to myself, 'not yet' and grasped her pumping hips and as her ass flexed again, against my own desire I lifted her off me and pushed her onto her feet again.
"No," she pleaded "Please baby, I need to come, please let me come."
I just smiled and shook me head slowly back and forth, "You will Michele, you'll come for me tonight, but not yet."
A look of frustration crossed her face, she frowned playfully as I looked down at my pants, now fully soaked with her juices. This was the second pair of suit pants in a week that she'd ruined. What a week it's been.
Michele sat in the chair across from me again and looked around the room. Most of her admirers had turned back to their own conversations after our embrace. Not doubt disappointed, she'd made her choice in me. A couple still lingered their gaze, unfazed by our kiss.
"Weren't you getting up to go to the bathroom?" I asked joking.
"If I go to the bathroom now, either you're coming with me, or I'm going to rub one out in there, and the whole bar will hear me come!"
"I guess we'll have to enjoy our meal then." I responded to her desperation, ignoring her plead.
We sat through dinner, making small conversation, but most comments on anything were immediately given a sexual reference, and I watched her uncomfortably squirming in her chair. My erection had subsided, but clearly, she was still squishing her wet lips together underneath her dress. She toyed with her hair again as she surveyed the bar. The guys from the bar hadn't taken their eyes off her.
"How many was that anyway?" I asked.
"What?" She questioned.
"Cocks you made hard!" I said exasperated.
"Oh my God, I'm so turned on, I'd forgotten about the contest." She replied honestly. Then she began counting to herself while pointing slightly with one finger moving around. "Nine...wait, you count too, Ten." She got a big smile on her face.
"Guess I'm on the hook for coffee."
"You're on the hook for more than coffee!"
"Check please..." I said loudly to our waiter as he passed. I'd had about enough of making her wait. I couldn't wait any longer myself. She smiled wide, knowing her need was soon to be quenched.
He hurried back with the tab, I quickly assigned my room number, and stood up, extending a hand to my lady. "Let's get out of here!"
We walked quickly out of the restaurant, at the entrance, she turned toward the elevators, but I had different plans, I pulled her the opposite direction toward the pool. If she'd been so turned on showing off in the bar, she wasn't done yet.
We walked down the steps to the pool. It was a lagoon type, huge, with lounge chairs surrounding it in two rows. It was dark, and the pool was lit with several lights, including waterfalls cascading down from rock formations, but it was completely deserted. Only a little noise coming from the restaurant we'd just left, as it looked over the pool. We walked past the rows of chairs, until I found one that sat in the middle of a clearing, the restaurant looking over from just 20 feet or so away.
I sat down in the lounge, pulling her on top of me, facing me. She straddled me quickly as she had earlier in the restaurant, her pulsating pussy immediately soaking me as she began grinding on me as our lips met. Hungrily kissing each other like the plane was going down. No one else in the world but the two of us existed for the briefest of moments. Just our lips and tongues exploring each other, as she moaned into my mouth.
"Fuck Scott, I need to come so bad baby!" She said out loud, breathlessly.
"I know baby, you will, you're going to come for me right here, and for your admirers." I nodded to the restaurant. Six of her 'friends' from the bar were now piled up on the railing above, looking down on our poolside make out session.
She looked at them, looked back at me, then she did something totally unexpected. She grabbed the hem of her dress and sat up, pulling it over her body, off her head, and tossed it into the chair next to us. Now totally naked, exposing her bare backside to her onlookers, and her breasts to me, she kissed me passionately again. My hands immediately caressed her naked skin along her back to her ass and back up again. As we kissed she wasted no time fishing my cock out of my pants.
As my huge erection hit the night air, it felt cool, no longer trapped in the confines of my pants. The head already pouring precum was wet and she took a moment to smear it around the head with her thumb and then sucking her wet thumb into her mouth. She smiled just before lowing her sopping wet and needy flesh onto my shaft, sliding the length between her pulsating folds.
"My pussy is so sore from last night, I still don't think I can fuck you." She whined.
My cock was like granite, and I looked at her face as she slid me through her soaked slit. Pure bliss, she wanted to show off, and looked over her shoulder, only four men remained. She looked back quizzically at me, and that's when she saw them enter the pool area and walk towards us. The two original men from the bar, the tall older blond and shorter, younger guy with glasses.
They walked quickly to seats just about 10 feet away, one of them asked, "can we watch from here?"
I looked at her, she looked at them as she ground my shaft along her clit. "Come closer, I want you to watch from there," she pointed at chairs just a few feet away. They moved quickly, and immediately began stroking their cocks through their pants again.
We kissed like they weren't even there, allowing them to enjoy our passion. Our tongues explored as I let Michele take control of her grinding along my shaft. She didn't push me inside, just slid back and forth along my rigid length. Each vein and ridge no doubt sending shivers through her body as she worked me for her own pleasure. She moaned into my mouth again, and I into hers, my own orgasm building. I could tell she was getting closer too. She sat up and I took each of her nipples into my mouth. Sucking on her pink flesh, feeling them stiffen further against my tongue. She held onto the back of my neck as I did, and moaned loudly, focused on every sensation my body was giving her. Her hips flexed harder as her pace increased.
She rode me fast, sliding with more desperation in her strokes. We kissed again, but her heavy breathing made it difficult, we mostly breathed into each other as our lips touched and tongues darted out at each other.
It was then we both looked around, all six guys were now sitting a few feet away. Michele was startled for a moment and paused briefly in her strokes to look at them. They'd all pulled their cocks from their own pants, and were stroking wildly as they watched us. Our waiter was one of them, stroking a massively thick tool she'd admired earlier through his pants, now fully exposed for her to appreciate. She smiled and resumed her earlier frantic pace on my hard cock. She looked at all of them closely, cocks of all different sizes and dimensions, I could feel her pussy flood more at the sight of them. If it was even possible for her to get more wet than she already was, she did it. I could feel her juices streaming over my cock on onto my balls.
The short guy with glasses spoke up, "I'm gonna come." He moaned.
Michele shrieked, "Get over here, I want your cum all over me!"
I watched in disbelief as she leaned backwards in the lounge and laid onto her back as she continued to pump on my cock flexing her hips. She was now splayed flat on her back and outstretched her arms as the short guy approached us quickly, cock in hand, squeezing it tight, trying to hold it back until he was over her.
As he stood next to her she wailed at him "Please...give me all your cum!"
He released his grip and exploded, strong ropes of semen flew from the tip of his cock and landed on her big pregnant belly and little tits. Another, and another, he pumped his thick load all over her skin. Each time he stroked another long rope leaped from his cock and landed on her body.
"More!" She giggled.
He continued stroking as his streams became smaller. The other guys were all too happy to oblige, and two more stood and took the few steps over to us to stand next to the first. As the first guy's cock began to dribble weaker spurts onto her belly the other two began to unleash their own torrents of cum all over her. Now two guys furiously stroking their engorged organs just inches from her, they both violently exploded, immediately splattering her face and neck, more on her breasts, coating her belly too. All the while she continued flexing her hips, driving my cock through her wet slit. She reached down around her sexy round belly and pressed my cock more urgently against her slit as she stroked me with her lips, her clit grinding hard into the head. I looked down at her face, smiling so brightly as she watched the two guys orgasms subside, having deposited every drop of their seed onto her now glowing skin. They stepped back and sat down again. The other three were there a second later, stroking quickly for Michele.
"Give it to me, cum all over me please!" She pleaded with them as they tugged on their cocks for her, one by one, they erupted sending more and more warm and creamy cum raining down on her petite little body.
She smiled wide and giggled as they did, "Oh yes! Shoot all that cum for me!"
She looked up at our waiter, standing right over her face, stroking his monstrous tool, it was so thick he couldn't close his hand around it. She marveled at his girth as he erupted too, giggling as his balls boiled over and streams of cum leaped onto her body and warmed her skin. Over and over, stream after stream the men continued to pump it all over her. More on her belly and breasts, on her face, in her hair, she was covered. Our waiter's balls must have been so full, by the time he went limp, he must have shot 12 or 13 long steams, of warm, thick, creamy goo all over Michele. I watched intently he finished stroking just over her face as the last drops dribbled onto her neck.
Michele took her fingers and wiped cum from her eyes, just enough to look at the guys and then looked at me. This vision was too much for me to take, and I told her as much.
"Baby, I'm about to come." I warned her.
She smiled that devilish grin again and pressed my flesh against her slit harder and flexed her hips more urgently, pumping me fast through her folds. I could feel her hard clit grinding against the sensitive underside of my cock just below the head. It was too much.
She cried out, "Give me all your sweet cum baby, I want it all over me!"
That was all I needed and from between her legs I erupted, straight into the air, and huge volley of cum spurted from my cock head. The warm fluid splashed down over her belly and pussy, bathing her hand and my cock as well.
She grunted, "Yes baby, unnnnggggghhhhhhhhh!"
Her hips flexed hard as she arched her back. And she exploded herself, instantly soaking my spurting cock with such force, for a moment, it looked as if a garden hose had been turned on. She'd been building all night and this release was something special.
"Fuck Scott, I'm cumming baby!" She yelled.
My cock kept spurting into the air, splashing down on her round belly and covering her sex. She came too again and again, each time squirting like mad all over me. My cock continued to pump more of my sweet load, each time another warm spray of cum splashed down onto her skin. Her body shook violently against mine as she continued riding the waves of her own orgasm.
Our orgasms lasted a long time, finally as our bliss began to subside, we lay there exhausted, and heard the pool gate swing closed. Looking around, Michele's friends had made their exit, We were alone again.
I looked down at this beautiful woman that lay between my legs. Her cum covered body glistening in the night lights, she was gently tracing her finger tips all over her body, spreading the enormous amount of cum all over her skin. She rubbed it into her pregnant belly, over her breasts, gently pinching her little nipples as she did. She rubbed it all over her neck, relishing her warm cum bath she'd been given by me, and six total strangers. I could see her smiling contently for a moment as she gazed skyward.
She looked down at me, her face, a picture of perfect sated bliss. A small smile appeared from her cum coated lips. Her face a mangle of warm cum that had plastered her hair too, along with every inch of her skin. 'She looks beautiful' I thought.
But I saw her expression slightly change from one of perfect contentment, to maybe a twinge of fear and disbelief for what she'd done. This conservative professional, who would never put herself in a compromising position. The wife who's controlling husband who never allowed her to explore herself or show off even the slightest bit, now acting as an absolute slut with lustful abandon.
I sensed the change, and reached around her back, pulling her close in a fetal position in my strong arms. Her little body, now enveloped in my strength and warmth. She wiped her face in my shirt, and leaned against me hard. I pulled her closer, leaned down and kissed her nose. "It's okay baby, this was so beautiful. You are amazing." I whispered.
"I can't believe what I just did," she sounded slightly fearful. "What we just did has been a fantasy of mine for a long time, I was embarrassed by the fantasy, now I'm embarrassed by my behavior. You probably think less of me."
She couldn't have been further off base. "Baby, you were amazing, and this was so much fun. I actually think more, not less, of you, that you were able to so completely let go, and enjoy yourself. You looked so sensual when you were covered in cum and having that beautiful orgasm. I loved being a part of this, thank you for being so incredible, and so very beautiful. You're truly amazing baby." I tried to instill some confidence in her that this was okay, and squeezed her tighter.
She relaxed almost immediately in my arms, "Thank you." She whispered quietly. "Thank you for letting me experience how much fun life can be when I just let go of my inhibitions, and do what comes naturally. Thank you for letting me feel it's okay. This means more to me than you know."
"I should be thanking you for letting me be a part of bringing a fantasy to life, what an honor." I smiled. I could feel her smile against my chest.
We sat like that for a long time, just listening to each other breath as I held her naked body in my arms. Eventually, she shivered, and I realized it was getting late and cool out. I released her for a moment, stood and returned quickly with a couple of pool towels so she could clean up. Some of the cum had already dried into her skin, but most of her naked body still shimmered in the light, still wet as she mopped herself with one towel and then wrapped the other around her naked body. As she did I couldn't help but peek at her perfect, pert little ass. I picked up her new dress and we headed to my room.
On arrival, we both got into the shower and stayed there a long time. I washed every inch of her, as I had the day before. Taking a gentle touch, and moving slowly, ensuring she was clean and cared for in the warm water. I touched her carefully, and lovingly. We embraced between the washings, as steam filled the room, and when we were done, I helped her dry off and climb into bed. We were both exhausted. She laid down on her side, and I slid in behind her and pulled the covers up over us. Pressed up against her back, I reached around her and cupped one of her tender little breasts, holding her carefully and close, safe and secure in my arms.
Gently, I kissed her ear and whispered, "You're an amazing woman Michele."
We both drifted off to sleep quickly.