Author's Notes: This story includes elements of the following: anal sex, BDSM play, group sex, lesbian sex, mind control, and nonconsent/reluctant sex. This story does not present BDSM in a realistic manner - it's fantasy folks. I want to thank my wife for editing, her guidance, insight, and suggestions. I also want to thank Ann for her support of this project.
"So, what was so important that you had to meet me right away?" Layla asked.
She was sitting on Sarah's bed, in Sarah's dorm room, next to Alex, as they both waited for Sarah to explain herself. Sarah looked at both of them and breathed a heavy sigh.
"Okay, here it goes..." Sarah breathed in, then she opened her mouth and - said nothing.
"Well?" Layla prompted.
"Layla - this is the first time we've ever seen Sarah speechless! Don't ruin this for me!" Alex said.
"Thanks, Alex. I'm trying to be serious and you're cracking jokes." Sarah rolled her eyes.
"Are you kidding me? You're never serious when I have something to say!"
"Okay - enough," Layla said. "Just say it, Sarah. I'm sure I can handle it."
"I ditched you guys today because, uh, I wanted to make a deal with Caliban for money to start a yoga studio," Sarah said.
"Wait; he said he would give that to you as a gift." Alex reached out to Sarah and shook her. "You don't need to make a deal with him!"
"I know that, but, it just feels like I'm being paid to be Layla's friend and that feels wrong to me!"
"If I say it's okay, does it still feel wrong?" Layla asked.
"I guess, but, it's more than just that, I -"
"You want to be his pet," Layla interrupted Sarah.
"Yes!"
"WHY?!" Alex demanded. "I already have one chica under that psychopath's thumb, I don't need another!"
"Do you want a list? Should I start with his physical attributes or how fucking turned on I get watching Layla play Princess Leia? How about the fact that he's insanely rich?"
"How about the fact that he's a fucking demon - a literal from hell demon!" Alex said. "Did I mention that he acts like a demon, too? Have you seen him as a demon?"
"Yes. Have you?" Sarah retorted.
"When?"
"Today. I guess I interrupted something between him and Lilith, " Sarah said. "At first it was - um - terrifying, and then I started thinking about the geometry and size of different body parts which was also kind of terrifying, and then, I don't know, it didn't scare me as much anymore?"
"You're crazy!" Alex said.
"Actually, you do get used to it. I mean, it hurts at first, but -" Layla explained.
"NO! Bad brainwashed Layla!"
"Alex? Chill!" Layla grabbed Alex's knee. "I'm not completely brainwashed. Yet."
"He's making me wait a week to make sure I still want it." Sarah groaned.
"Good," Alex said.
"Yep. It is good. A demon good-doer..." Layla mumbled as she fell backward on the bed.
Alex glared at Layla.
"Was that it?" Layla asked. "Or is there another shoe to drop?"
"Um, yes. There's another shoe."
Layla sat back up. "Okay, lay it on me."
"While I was there two women showed up to speak with Caliban. Apparently, while we were doing girls' night, Lilith and Caliban went to a strip club and picked them out." Sarah closed her eyes and braced for impact.
Layla balled her fists and tightened her lips.
"See, Layla - he's cheating on you with strippers!" Alex said.
Layla rolled her eyes. "It's not exactly cheating - I'm his pet, not his girlfriend. You can play with dogs that aren't yours and still have a dog at home."
"Did you just call yourself a dog?" Sarah asked.
"Yes. Yes, I think I just did."
"You can't seriously be okay with this!" Alex shouted. "Strippers, Layla! You might catch something!"
"I'm not happy about it, and I'm going to sit him down and have a long talk about STDs, but as long as this is a one-time thing..."
"He's looking to make them a part of his harem," Sarah added.
Layla looked up at Sarah and blinked.
"Are you okay with that, too?" Alex asked.
"Not really." Layla took a deep breath, trying to calm herself.
"So I guess that's like going to the shelter and bringing back a new dog?" Alex taunted.
"The fact that he was seeking out more women to add to his harem doesn't bother me - I knew that was going to happen eventually. What bothers me is that I wasn't a part of the conversation and that I had to hear it from Sarah," Layla snapped.
"Well, if it makes you feel any better, he wanted me to tell you." Sarah gave a weak smile.
"That doesn't make me feel better, Sarah; that just pisses me off more," Layla said as she got up. "I've got to go."
Layla rushed to the door, down the stairs, and out to her car. Immediately after sitting behind the steering wheel, she began hitting it in anger. "Goddamn motherfucking asshole!" she yelled. "You couldn't at least ask first?!" She pressed the ignition and started down the street towards downtown.
She swerved around slower-moving drivers, stepped on the gas when she saw a clear road ahead and slammed on her breaks when she was blocked by traffic. Her fists gripped the wheel as if it was Caliban's throat. She kept going over and over what she was going to say to him - what she was going to do to him - the moment she walked through those elevator doors. Each scenario that ran through her head was more desperate and contrived than the last.
When she finally made it to the penthouse's building, she parked in the underground garage and ran to the penthouse elevator. She quickly punched in the code, realized she hit the wrong keys, then punched in the code again. She slipped into the elevator the moment the door opened and hit the button to the penthouse repeatedly.
"FUCK!!" she yelled as the elevator started moving. She took off the leather jacket she was wearing and threw it against the elevator doors. She then chanted, "You motherfucking piece of shit! You motherfucking piece of shit!" kicking the elevator doors on each syllable.
She saw that she was nearing the penthouse; she straightened her posture, smoothed down her hair, and picked up her jacket. The moment that the elevator doors opened, she started marching towards Caliban.
He was wearing a dark grey suit with a light blue tie. He sipped coffee and read the news on his tablet as she stormed across the room to his favorite chair in the living room. Caliban looked up. "Hello Layla," he said before she slapped him, which caused his coffee to spill on the floor.
Caliban quickly recovered and gave her a disappointed look. "Okay, you obviously want to say something to me -" She slapped him again, interrupting his sentence.
"You don't want to do that ag-." She reared back to slap him, he caught her arm, and then pushed her onto the sofa. "... again. I don't hit you in anger, you don't hit me in anger, or you'll find yourself severely punished," Caliban warned.
"FUCKING PUNISH ME THEN!!" she yelled. "Do you think I'm stupid?! I know you were going to want more women for your harem - I know that two women wouldn't be enough to satisfy a fucking incubus - but I at least thought you had just a molecule of respect for me that you'd at least inform me about your plans. Instead, I have to hear it from fucking Sarah, who, I might add, thinks she's doing you a favor by telling me."
"I told her to tell you," Caliban said calmly.
"DO YOU THINK THAT'S ANY FUCKING BETTER?!"
"Actually, yes. If you'd slow the fuck down and think about it, you'd realize that I'm pissing you off on purpose. I'm a master at manipulating humans - I have over ten thousand years of experience. Don't you think I would know how you would react?"
"What are you saying?!" Layla said. "Do you know what? I don't even want to know. I'm leaving!"
"Okay," Caliban said as he picked his tablet back up.
"OKAY?!"
Caliban nodded. "Yep. You can take all the clothes I bought you, the car I bought you, and start this semester's worth of classes that I paid for. Consider them your parting gift. Good luck paying for your books and next semester - hopefully those three slave-wage, part-time jobs you quit last week will welcome you back."
Layla gritted her teeth and held back tears.
"You see, we both know you don't want to leave, and I don't want you to leave either. Moreover, you can't leave, so the threat was meaningless before it was even said. I needed to see just how much I've worn down your will to resist me - I needed to gauge how resilient you are to my effect on you. Anger is the best indicator,"
"So you did this all on purpose?" she asked, still seething.
"Yes."
"You still shouldn't go to strip clubs to find new sluts. Jesus Christ - we're in the middle of the city! There's got to be five colleges within a ten-mile radius from here! Not to mention high school seniors! Why buy a used taxi cab when you can afford a new Aston Martin?!" Layla said.
"You're referring to grown women as used cars; think about that for a moment and let me know when your sense of self-dignity returns..." Caliban said.
"You don't get to talk to me about feminism; you literally own me!" Layla yelled.
Caliban growled and got up. He stood over Layla - his eyes glowing orange. "You're right - I should just fall into all my old habits. I should kidnap young women who have their whole lives ahead of them and make them my mindless toys without any choice in the matter. I should crush the lives of tens of thousands of women for my own sexual edification; everyone else does it, why shouldn't I?"
"Fine - you can start with me then! If you have the balls to try!" she yelled at him.
"Do you know how fucking boring that would be?!" Caliban asked as he walked away from her. "Boring and sad to see your intelligence snuffed out like a candle - to see all your personality drain away from you, leaving an empty soulless object?" He turned back towards her. "Is that really what you want for yourself?"
Layla ignored the question. "Did you learn what you needed to know by pissing me off,Sir?"
"Yes, and then some," He reached for the scotch at his bar. "I learned that you're an insecure, childish little girl who judges people based on their circumstances instead of their character. I truly thought you were better than that, especially seeing as you were so close to going down that road yourself when I met you."
"That's not true!"
"It's not? You could have fooled me," Caliban said as he poured a finger of scotch. "Just so we're clear, I chose women who have nothing to lose and everything to gain from being with me. I'm giving them several chances to change their minds - each time I'm giving them a little more information about exactly what it entails," he explained. "My intention was to tell you about it tonight and have you meet them if they come back. Then Sarah showed up and I saw an opportunity to test you, so I took it."
He shot back his scotch and turned to Layla. She was looking down, deep in thought. He set his glass down and walked back over to her. He lifted her chin with his finger and looked into her eyes. "I should punish you. I just haven't decided how yet."
Layla nodded hesitantly. "I wasn't entirely wrong..." she said.
"You haven't called me Sir or Master this entire time, except sarcastically."
"Um, that's what you're punishing me for?"
"It's one of the things I'm punishing you for," he said with a wicked grin. His eyes glowed orange. "You're not to cum unless I give you permission."
"Wait..." She felt his command lock something in her mind - something she could no longer reach.
"You're going to regret disrespecting me," he said. "I want you to want your own degradation and descent into debauchery; I want you to want to submit to my will."
"I'll never want that, Sir..." she whispered.
"I think you already do, pet." Caliban bent down and forced his mouth onto hers, his tongue swirling around her own. Layla moaned. He ripped off his tie, then grabbed her shirt.
Caliban pulled her black tee-shirt over her head, leaving her wearing a black, open shelf bra. Layla pulled open his button-down shirt, sending buttons shooting everywhere, and then quickly removed his belt. He pulled her to him and kissed her deeply as he unbuttoned and unzipped her pants. He placed his fingers inside to feel her naked sex, teasing her.
"Oh, so this is how it's going to be," she said. "Two can play at that game." She undid his pants and reached inside, grabbed his cock, and stroked it slowly.
"No, pet. This is how it is." Caliban hooked two fingers inside of her and then proceeded to pull her along with him into the bedroom. She gasped - in pain and surprise - as he then pushed deep into her, lifted her off the floor, and threw her on the bed, and then licked his fingers. "Are you getting the picture?"
"Ugh - why so rough?!"
"Strip," he barked. She took off her boots, socks, pants, and bra. He peeled off his undershirt, kicked off his shoes, his socks, and dropped his pants.
"We're both naked. What now, master?" Layla reached forward to grab his stiffening cock. "It'll be fun having sex with you in your human form," she said with a smile.
"Who said anything about fucking you as a human?"
She watched as Caliban slowly began to grow taller, wider, more muscular. His skin slowly turned shades of pink then red. His feet transformed into hooves, horns grew from his head, and his fingernails grew an inch long as they turned black. Layla looked at him in shock. "I ha-hadn't seen you do th-that before."
"You are a demon's pet. I will never spare you from that fact. You will associate sex with me with my true form," he said. Caliban turned away and walked over to a locked chest in the bedroom. Layla knew that was where Caliban and Lilith kept various toys for use on her and any other pets they might bring into the harem. He opened the chest and pulled out two spreader bars.
"Stand over there, next to the wall." His voice reverberated in her body, and Layla found herself unable to ignore his command.
"How are you doing this?!" she whined as she moved into place.
"Commanding you with my voice alone? It's another ability I have - slightly different than when I peer into your eyes." He walked up behind her. "I can't influence your mind, but I can give you simple instructions to do immediately."
"I would have gone willingly! I'm really freaked out!"
"I know; it's not called punishment because it's pleasant," he chuckled in her ear.
Layla dropped her head, surrendering to her fate. He kicked between her legs, forcing them to spread apart, and then cuffed her ankles into the spreader bar, which forced her legs even further apart. He then took the other spreader bar and cuffed her wrists. On the bar for her arms was a chain, which he then threaded through a ring near the ceiling. He pulled on the chain until only the balls of her feet touched the floor, then locked the chain in place.
"Feeling helpless?" he asked as he ran his fingers over her breasts.
"Y-yes Sir," she whispered.
He reached down between her legs and traced the lips of her sex. "Feeling aroused, pet?"
She blushed and nodded. Layla heard him step back from her and pick out something else from the chest. Then, she felt a stinging pain as multiple thin straps of leather came down on her back. She cried out.
"I think you know what that is," Caliban chuckled.
"Cat-o-nine? It hurts more than when Lilith used it," her voice cracked. "I think she used a shorter one," she added.
"I'm going easy on you... She doesn't have the upper body strength that I do." He brought the flog down across her back and ass again, and again she cried out.
"Fuck that hurts!" she whimpered.
Caliban came up behind her, pressing his hot flesh against her. He grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head back. Tears trickled down her face. "Oh, pet... You're so delicious like this." His split tongue snaked up her cheek, gathering up her tears before he pressed his lips against hers, utterly dominating her mouth as his tongue lashed hers. She moaned despite her pain; her arms and legs relaxed despite her awkward position.
"You're a monster," she whispered when he broke their kiss.
"I'm the monster who owns you," he whispered back.
"Yes, Sir."
Caliban took a step back and landed another blow across her backside with the cat-o-nine. She screamed out, tensing up her whole body. She felt a trickle of her own juices work its way down her leg. He chuckled. "Seems someone likes a little pain," he said.
She blushed and bit her lip.
"Two more. Do you think you can handle two more?" he asked.
"Yes, Sir."
"Good girl," he crooned.
He pulled away from her and immediately took another strike. She gasped and whimpered.
"You don't have to hold back, pet; you can yell."
"And give you the satisfaction?" she said as she began to laugh. "I think not."
Caliban growled and brought the cat-o-nine down on Layla one last time, harder than she had felt before. She screamed as tears streamed down her face.
"There you go pet. Let it out," he said kissing her neck. "That's a good pet. You took your punishment well."
"Y-you m-make it s-sound as if I h-had a ch-choice," she stuttered.
He reached around and ran a finger along her sex, then brought the glistening tip of his finger to her lips. "Taste that? It's proof that you're changing." She licked it and sucked his finger. "Good slut," Caliban said.
He released Layla's legs and arms from the spreaders, then took her by the shoulders and guided her to the walk-in shower. "Get in," he said as he gently tapped her ass. She yelped and looked over her shoulder as she entered. He followed her in, adjusted digital settings for heat and shower type, then wrapped his arms around her from behind. A hot mist sprayed them in the shower from all angles, filling the large shower with steam.
"This," Layla said as she laid her arms over his, "this is nice."
"I'm a monster; how can you ever feel safe around me?" Caliban asked with a chuckle.
"Because I think I'm beginning to understand what makes you tick, Sir. Our argument wasn't just a test for me; you were tested, too."
"Oh? And did I pass?" he asked, kissing on his neck.
She smirked. "You did okay."
He grabbed her breast with one hand and gently squeezed. "Well, I better take advantage of my good fortune and fuck you now before I piss you off again."
Layla reached behind her and stroked his cock, while his other hand gravitated to her sex. He lightly clawed at her breasts; his fingernails left thin red lines which beaded up with blood. She responded by hissing and gripping him tighter as she increased the pace at which she stroked him. Layla rocked her hips back and massaged his cock with her ass, inviting him inside. Caliban lifted her off the ground and positioned his cock at the entrance to her sex.
"Let's see if I can make you beg," he said in a deep voice that rumbled in Layla's chest.
"I'd like you to try," she responded as he eased inside her.
It felt like he was strumming on the very core of her being as his cock passed under the sweet spot deep inside her sex. Her hood piercing swung against her clit as he thrust into her at increasing speed. The steam filling up the bathroom made her light-headed and his stronghold on her body made her feel pleasantly helpless. Layla closed her eyes and let his cock drive her closer and closer to the edge.
But she didn't cum.
"Faster," she moaned, "I'm so close!"
"Of course you are," Caliban hissed. He began slamming himself into her, pushing Layla to new heights. Caliban turned her head to him and snaked his split tongue deep into her throat, causing her to softly gag. Layla's eyes rolled back into her head and then snapped back as his orange glowing eyes came back into focus.
"You will stay this aroused until you cum."
"FUCK!" she yelled as he grunted and filled her with his cum. "Fuck, no-no-no-no-no!" Caliban slowly let her down on the shower floor - her arousal still at its peak, her body shaking from being on the edge of orgasm.
"P-please let me c-cum - I'll do anything, I'll be anything you want me to be. Please just l-let m-me cum!" she yelled.
"Clean my cock."
Layla immediately attacked his cock with her tongue and hands - massaging it and licking up their combined fluids while he stroked her head. "See, I c-can be a g-good pet," she babbled in between licks, "You sh-should l-let m-me c-cum - I'd be so g-grateful m-master - p-please let me cum."
He grunted as she licked the head of his cock and more of his cum shot out, which landed on her face and breasts. She licked him off and then shoveled the cum on her body in her mouth. "That's enough pet," he said as she moved to return to his cock.
"C-can I cum n-n-now?" she asked.
"Maybe tomorrow..." he shrugged as he turned off the shower.
"NO! I n-need it n-now! Fucking hell, Caliban, d-d-don't d-d-do this to m-m-me!" she cried.
"This is your punishment. Tomorrow night, if you're good, I'll let you cum. Until then, try to remember to call me Sir or Master," he said as he walked out of the shower.
She followed him. "S-sorry Master. I'm sorry, but I c-can't do this - the f-first day of th-the semester is t-t-tomorrow!"
"Youcando it and youwillgo to classes. In fact, I think I'd like to have dinner at the Hot Spot tonight with you, Lilith, Sarah, and Alex," Caliban said as he slowly transformed back into his human form.
"Dinner sounds nice, Master," Lilith said as she walked into the bedroom. "Layla, you look awful!"
"H-he stopped me from c-cumming - I c-can't calm down until he l-lets me c-c-cum," Layla replied.
"Oh wow! I was talking about the whipping you received. You must have earned that punishment, though; we used to call it the 'Eternal Edging' punishment. Remember to wear a pantyliner and don't wear anything silky," she advised.
"Actually, I'd like Layla to go without panties tonight and wear that sexy silk evening dress I got her - the one with the matching black collar that reads 'good girl,'" he said.
"It's backless - won't everyone see the whip marks? If I may make a suggestion, Sir? That slinky silk blouse shirt you bought her - the off-white one - would work just as well if she didn't wear a bra," Lilith said as Layla whimpered in protest. "And I would also suggest allowing her the dignity of wearing panties with her leather skirt if only so she doesn't leave wet spots everywhere at the restaurant; it's not sanitary."
Caliban considered her words. "You're right, Lilith. She can wear what you suggested. Please rub some ointment on Layla's back so her whip marks can begin to heal, then dress for dinner. I'll go call to make the reservations and see if Sarah and Alex can come."
-------
"Why does it smell like pussy in here?" Sarah asked. She and Alex had just walked into Caliban's private dining room at the 'Hot Spot.' Alex was wearing a modest little black dress, while Sarah was wearing a classic red evening gown with diamond earrings and red high heels with thongs that wrapped around her calves.
"Classy, as always, Sarah," Layla said as she shivered.
"Shouldn't you have grown out of the word 'pussy' in middle school?" Caliban asked. "I've always found it to be a childish reference to female genitalia."
"Oh - what would you use Prince Caliban?" Sarah asked as she sat down.
"Cunt," he said. Alex, Layla, and Sarah all cringed. "What? It's a perfectly acceptable word!"
"No, no it's not, Sir," Layla said as she trembled. "It's a very demeaning and hateful way to refer to women."
"No, it isn't. It originates either from the Latin 'cunnus' or the Proto-Germanic word 'kunto,' both of which simply refers to female genitalia. The word didn't pick up any negative connotation until the 1800s," Caliban explained.
"The 1800s were a long time ago, Caliban. It's a shitty word; don't use it!" Alex said.
"Okay, but really, why does this place smell like sex?" Sarah asked.
Layla looked down at the table and bit her lip. Both Sarah and Alex looked over at her.
"Layla, what did you do?" Alex asked.
Lilith chuckled. "She's being punished by Caliban. He has her perpetually at the edge of orgasm, but won't let her go over."
"You can do that?" Sarah asked with a mix of horror and fascination.
"Yes, Master can," Layla said as her face turned bright red. "I've only just now managed to stop stuttering. Can we change the subject?"
"So, I see you and Caliban have worked out your differences," Alex said. "Which is unfortunate," she added under her breath.
"I get it, Alex - you don't like me. However, you're Layla's friend and I really do respect you. I wish you'd give me a chance," Caliban said.
"Reasons I'm not inclined to do so - Exhibit A: Layla's punishment. Why is she being punished? Especially seeing as you're the one who wronged her, not the other way around!"
"That's enough Alex! I slapped him, several times. He even asked me to stop and I didn't," Layla said as she trembled.
"He deserved to be slapped!" Alex pointed at him.
Layla gave Alex a withering look. "If he slapped me, you'd say it's abuse and tell me to stand up for myself!"
"And I'd be right."
"Yes - you'd be right, which is why he stood up for himself!"
"Uh, I can come back," Daniel said from the open door.
"Actually I think this was a good time for you to show up, Daniel; we could all use some wine. My usual choices for red and white wine should still be in stock."
"We're underage," Alex said as she pointed at herself, Sarah, and Layla.
"Hells - this again?! You can legally marry, legally sign contracts, and serve in the military. You should be able to have a drink," Caliban said.
Daniel shrugged. "The owner is a demon of gluttony; do you think he really cares?"
Alex rolled her eyes. "Fine, but I'll have water, seeing as I'm driving."
"Very well, then," Daniel said. "I'll be back with your wine and water."
Alex watched Daniel as he shut the door behind him. "Listen - I just want what's best for you. I don't think he's it," she said to Layla.
"And that's why I respect you," Caliban responded, "even though you have no respect for me."
Alex stared at him for a moment and then shook her head.
"Maybe next time I'll bring a party game of some kind," Lilith suggested after an awkward silence, "I hearCards Against Humanityis pretty good."
"Depends on the group you're playing with," Layla said with a shrug.
"Prince Caliban?" Sarah said.
"No, Sarah," Caliban said.
"You don't even know what I was going to say!" Sarah protested.
"Okay, say it."
"Never mind - it's a stupid idea."
"Say it, Sarah," Caliban said.
"Um, I was wondering if there was a way I could try being your pet without committing?" Sarah saw everyone's eyes were on her. "As I said, it's a stupid idea."
Caliban sighed. "It's not a stupid idea - it's just not a practical idea. I'm not even sure how that would work."
"It wouldn't," Lilith said. "At least I don't see how it would."
"Why not?" Sara asked.
"Well, you'd be expected to not only have sex with Caliban and I, but also Layla. What happens if you decide this isn't for you? It'll change your relationship with her forever." Lilith asked.
"There's also the effect that I have on those I sleep with; it fades over time, but you'll never truly be the same," Caliban added.
"And it's not always fun," Layla said with a sardonic smile.
"Which brings us back to why this room smells like sex," Alex added.
"Oh, god - don't remind me!" Layla hugged her sensitive breasts.
"At least you seem to be handling it better, pet." Caliban rubbed her shoulder.
"Thank you, Sir," she said quietly.
There was a knock on the door. "Yes?" Caliban asked.
The door opened to a large man in a tuxedo. "Prince Caliban!"
"Ciacco - Prince of the third! It's been a long time since I last saw you. Ladies - this is the owner of the fine establishment we're dining at tonight."
"Ah, Caliban, you're far too kind. I take it that we're among friends tonight?"
"I'd say yes," Caliban shot a glance at Alex, "tentatively."
"I've heard rumors that there's a hunter in the city," Ciacco said.
"Is it just rumors? You know that lower-level demons are always a little paranoid..."
"There've been a few disappearances this past month, but nobody truly worth a hunter's time."
"That doesn't mean anything," Caliban said. "They could be working their way up the food chain, trying to ferret out a meaningful target."
"I just know you're not the most well-liked prince, so I thought I'd give you a heads up," Ciacco said. "I'd rather you know, and it be nothing than not know, and it be something."
"Understood. Thank you, dear friend."
Ciacco looked over his shoulder. "Uh, Daniel's here. I'll let you all get back to your meal."
Ciacco let Daniel wheel in a cart with a decanter of white wine, a decanter of red wine, a pitcher of ice water, and several different types of glasses.
"I can guess what everyone will want to drink," Caliban announced.
"Ooo - a magic trick!" Sarah said with a smile.
"I'd prefer..." Layla started before she was interrupted.
"Water for Alex, white wine for Lilith, red wine and water for Layla, and white wine and water for Sarah. I'll have a glass of all three, please. Did I get that right?" he asked.
"Probably," Lilith said.
"Probably?" Sarah asked.
"Yes. He already knows what I'll want, because I always drink white wine. He knows what Alex wants because she announced it. And he can influence Layla to want what he chooses. That just leaves you, Sarah," she explained as Daniel passed out the drinks. "He knows that you're not shy about drinking even though you're underage, so you're not going to just have water, and he knows that you haven't drunk enough to have a sophisticated pallet - you're going to want the sweeter white wine." Lilith took a sip of her wine. "That gives him a fifty-fifty shot as to whether you'll want water too, and he knows that it's more likely you'll justify to yourself wanting water if that's what he guessed. Did I leave anything out, Sir?"
"Nope - that just about covers it."
"Neat. Now, what's all of this about a hunter?" Layla asked as Daniel continued serving beverages.
"Don't worry about it, Layla," Caliban said with a disarming smile.
"I think she has the right to worry about it. And what's this about not being a well-liked prince?" Alex asked as Daniel left.
"I'm too lenient on my pets," Caliban snarled at Alex. "At least according to most other incubi and succubi. As for the hunter?" He turned to Layla "I mean it when I say it's nothing for you to worry about."
Layla looked into his eyes in defiance. "I don't like secrets."
"Then maybe we'll discuss it later. Right now, I don't want to interrupt dinner with an unpleasant conversation."
"Anyway, I still think Caliban's trick was impressive," Sarah said as she tried to change the subject. "But am I really that transparent?"
Layla glanced at Sarah and nodded. Alex joined in.
"All people your age are pretty transparent," Caliban said.
"Excuse me?" Alex said as she glared at Caliban.
"I have ten thousand years of experience with humans. You're pretty transparent as a species in general, but the younger you are, the easier it is to predict you," Caliban said with a shrug. "I'm sorry, but it's true."
"Lilith?" Layla said as she turned to the older woman.
"My generation is responsible for reality TV and tabloid talk shows. We pretended to be deep but, we really weren't," she said. "I have nothing to refute Caliban with."
"We'll talk about this later," Layla said. "Along with this hunter business."
-------
Layla walked through the elevator doors and immediately dropped her book bag to one side. She took off her leather jacket and threw it on one of the chairs at the breakfast counter, then fell to her knees and crawled to Caliban, who was in the living room reading from his tablet.
"Master?" Layla whimpered.
"Yes Layla?" he said without looking away from his tablet.
"I'll do anything if you let me cum now. Please?" She stripped off her tee-shirt and bra.
"No."
"Y-you said this evening! It's four now! Please - it's driving me crazy!" She clung to his leg and rubbed her face on the fabric of his pants.
Caliban looked down at her. "Nevada and Melissa called today. Honestly, I was surprised that they called so soon. I figured it would be a good demonstration of exactly what they were getting themselves into if I had you cum in front of them tonight."
"When will they be over?"
"I told them to be here around seven. Lilith should be home by then and her employee can close up. I want you washed, wearing your collar, cuffs, and the chains that link your nipple piercings to your labia piercings. Tonight, I'm going to make it very clear what's expected of my pets," he said.
Layla frowned. "Yes, Sir."
She started to get up and Caliban grabbed her arm. "Layla - I need you to be a good girl for just a little longer. I promise I'll make it up to you." He pulled her towards him and gave her a soft kiss that caused her to moan.
"Th-thank you, Sir," she said before walking away.
Layla pouted out of sight from Caliban but got ready just as he had ordered. Lilith soon returned from working at the bookstore and dressed in a half-bra corset, black lace panties, stockings, and a garter belt. She had on black high-heeled shoes and pulled her hair up into a bun.
"Fuck - you look so domme that it makes me quiver," Layla said when she saw Lilith.
"You'd be quivering anyway, sweetheart," she said, then gave Layla a kiss. "You look quite tasty."
"Hmm. I'm glad you think so." She gave a sardonic smile to Lilith as they walked into the living room. "I've been on a knife's edge for more than 24 hours and I'm ready to kill someone for just a brief moment of relief," her voice cracked.
Caliban was sitting in his favorite chair, wearing his usual tailored suit. Lilith sat in his lap while Layla knelt at his side.
"So how long do we wait, Master?" Lilith asked.
"They said seven and it's now seven-ten," he shrugged. "There could be traffic..."
The buzzer for the elevator sounded and Lilith hopped off of Caliban's lap to answer it. "Hello, Christensen residence."
"It's Nevada and Melissa?" a tinny voice answered back.
"Come up." Lilith immediately turned back to the living room, walked back to Caliban, and took her seat in his lap. "So, do you think they're ready?"
"I don't know. I hope so - otherwise I'd have to wipe their memories of us."
The elevator dinged and the doors opened to two very shocked women. "I remember everything," Nevada said.
"What the fuck are the two of them wearing?!" Melissa asked.
"Please, have a seat. We have a lot to talk about," Caliban chuckled. Nevada and Melissa exchanged glances, then walked over to the leather love seat and sat down. "So you have questions, undoubtedly. Please feel free to ask."
"How did you know we'd come back?" Nevada asked.
"I didn't. I hoped you would, but I also wanted to give you the choice not to. As you now remember, I gave your subconscious a week to make the decision, and you called back in only a couple of days. I'm honestly pretty surprised."
"So are we," Melissa said. "We've both been having this very strong desire to be dominated and we've been taking turns. I really can't remember ever having so much sex in one day." She took Nevada's hand. "I'm kinda falling for her."
Nevada kissed Melissa's hand. "We're grateful for you bringing us together but, really, what can we expect if we go through with this?"
"It's pretty simple. You agree to a contract with me. I usually like thirteen-year contracts, but I've done seven-year contracts, and even a three-year contract. During that time, you will be my pets - sexually serving me and submitting to me, while being spoiled. At the end of that time, you'll be given a large sum of money."
"It's a little more complicated than that, Master," Lilith said.
"Yes, and I will tell them, but I don't want to scare them," Caliban responded.
"Uh, scare us?" Melissa asked.
"He punishes for misbehavior," Layla said and trembled.
"I just remembered, you haven't met Layla yet. Layla is currently being punished for slapping me in the face twice and attempting a third time. Tell them what your punishment is, Layla." Caliban ran his fingers through her hair.
"He commanded me not to cum without his permission, then got me to the edge of orgasm and commanded me to stay on the edge of orgasm until he allows me to cum." Layla gave a weak smile. "That was more than 24 hours ago. I'll do just about anything to cum right now."
"And now that she's been a good girl and waited so long, I'll give her a reward." Caliban gave a wicked smile. "Layla, look into my eyes." She turned to him. "I want you to tell them what will happen when you cum and how badly you want it."
"More of me will become yours," Layla admitted. "I'll sink deeper into depravity and submission. My will to resist you will erode just a little bit more, and I want it more than anything, right now." A tear trickled down her face. "I don't care if I am completely erased by you - just let me cum, please, Sir."
"I don't want to erase you, pet - I thought you understood that," he whispered.
"I know, I just, I'm going out of my mind."
"Okay, pet, I think you've waited long enough." His eyes flashed orange. "The moment I look away, you will cum harder than you've ever cum before, for as long as you want." He leaned and kissed her. "Have fun, pet."
The moment that he looked away she screamed and convulsed, as cum sprayed out of her. She then collapsed on the floor as she continued to twitch. Layla grabbed her breasts and then reached down to her sex with both hands, fingering and rubbing with abandon.
"And that is what relief looks like," Caliban said. "We'll have to clean that up later."
"I don't know whether to be terrified or turned on," Nevada said.
"I think that's the point he's making," Lilith said. "I've been with him the longest and I can tell you that you will experience both - but you'll always be completely safe."
"But... our minds?" Melissa asked.
"After the contract ends, you'll slowly return to normal, although you'll never truly be the same."
"Thank you, Master, Thank you for letting your slutty pet cum," Layla whispered.
"Are you done already, pet?" Caliban asked. He set Lilith aside and got up then squatted in front of Layla.
"I think so, Sir. I'll clean this up now," she mumbled.
"No, pet," he said as he rubbed her back. "I need you to clean up, drink some juice, then get some rest. Okay?"
"That was insane," she said chuckling. "Yes, I'll do that Master." Layla picked herself up and walked into the bedroom suite.
"When you say we'll never truly be the same?" Nevada asked.
"Deeply hidden parts of your personality will be dragged to the surface - submissive traits, fetishes, uninhibited sexual desire. Once Pandora's box is opened, there's no going back." Lilith said. "Me? I learned that I was a bit of a domme and a sadist."
"How can you do all of this? Are you some kind of hypnotist?" Melissa asked.
"That's the part that you might find hardest to accept," he said. "I'm an incubus - a demon prince of the second circle of hell."
Melissa's eyes widened in horror as she looked down, trying hard to process this information. Nevada just cocked her head to the side. "Bullshit," she said.
Layla walked in wearing a black silk robe. She saw the look of horror on Melissa's face and of disbelief on Nevada's face and chuckled. "He just told them, didn't he?"
"Yep." Lilith got up to let Caliban sit back down. "I think we broke them," she said with a smile.
"No, Nevada's right - that's not possible. I mean, a hypnotist, a really fucking good hypnotist, maybe, but a demon?!" Melissa said. "I was wearing a cross when we were last here; if you're a demon, you shouldn't have been able to affect me."
"Jesus was a man, my dear. He was being figurative when he said he was the Son of God. I'm not even sure there is a God, to be honest, but if there is one, the God depicted in the Bible ain't it." Caliban said.
"Weren't demons sent to hell for rebelling against God?" Melissa asked.
"We're getting too far into theological discussions that I'm not at all interested in," Nevada said. "I don't believe in God, the devil, angels, demons, or ghosts, so if you believe you're one of those five things, you're going to have to prove it."
"How about transforming into an eight-foot-tall, red-skinned man with horns and hooves?" Layla said. "Would that convince you?"
Both Melissa and Nevada looked at Layla with blank stares.
"You've seen that?" Nevada asked.
"Seen it? We've had sex with it," Lilith chuckled.
"There's one more thing," Layla said as she went into the kitchen, "Once you do this, you won't be able to have children. He will mark your womb as his and you can only bear his children if you fall in love with him. I think that's about it..."
"Other than being a manipulative bastard, yep, that's about it," Lilith said.
"We've got to discuss this... alone." Nevada looked at Melissa.
"That's fine. Take all the time you need. You have until midnight. Layla, pet?" Caliban called out to her in the kitchen. "On your way back could you pour me two fingers of scotch?"
"Of course, Sir."
"Okay - you really are a bastard," Melissa said.
"Let us order you dinn-"
Nevada interrupted Lilith. "I said we need to speak alone. Come on Melissa." She took Melissa's hand and they went to the elevator. She pressed the button to open it, but the doors didn't open. "Okay - let us out."
"I can't risk it. If you say no, I have to wipe your memory of us completely. But since you insist on speaking alone, my pets and I will be in the bedroom," Caliban said as he and Lilith got up. "Feel free to use the bar or otherwise make yourselves at home."
Caliban and Lilith left with Layla shortly behind.
"So, that went well," Layla said as they entered the bedroom.
"Actually, I think it went really well." Lilith rubbed Layla's back. "They didn't panic or start threatening to call the police."
"The fact that they're hesitant is a good sign. It means they're taking this seriously. The real sticking point is whether demons are real; Melissa believes and Nevada doesn't." Caliban smiled. "I'm guessing they're arguing right now about religion."
"You love causing doubt in believers, Sir."
"Absolutely, Lilith. I get a certain perverse pleasure in destroying another person's religious faith."
"Maybe you should talk to my parents," Layla said as she crawled into bed. "If they weren't fundamentalist assholes, I probably wouldn't have summoned you."
"Do you regret it, pet?"
"Only when you're punishing me," she said with a sleepy smile. "Wake me when they've made a decision."
There was a knock on the door.
"Uh - already?" Layla said, turning in the bed.
"Sounds like it," Caliban said as he walked towards the door.
He opened the door to see Melissa with Nevada behind her. "How do we know that doing this won't damn our souls to hell?"
Caliban gave her a pained smile. "I'm sorry to inform you that there are no humans in hell, only demons. Demon births are very few and far between; you can't even say that humans are dying and are reborn as demons. You won't go to hell."
"What about heaven?" Melissa asked.
"I really don't know," he said with a shrug. "What I do know is that humans didn't always believe in heaven and that your so-called angels are just another classification of demon that comes from hell."
"Everything you've said is completely backward from what I've learned," Melissa said.
"Yes, and that's exactly how we like it. Demons want humans to be confused. We want them to think that the pentagram is an evil symbol so they don't wear it. It's easier to control humans if they desire heaven and fear hell. And, if humans believe that sexuality is evil, they'll twist themselves in knots resisting their own natural urges. Shall I go on?"
Melissa shut the door. Arguing could be heard behind the door.
"I guess she didn't like that answer," Layla said after a moment of awkward silence.
"Lilith, set a timer. I want to see how long it takes for them to..."
Melissa opened the door, interrupting Caliban.
"Exactly how much money are we talking about?" Melissa asked.
"Usually half a million a year."
"We want one million a year, each," Nevada demanded.
"I'll only go that high if you'll both serve a full thirteen years. Any less than that and the amount per year goes down."
Nevada and Melissa looked at each other. "What do you think?" they asked simultaneously.
"Can I assume the answer is yes, then?" he asked.
"Thirteen years, Nevada!"
"I know - I'm older than you. I'll be well into my forties!" she said to Melissa. "But I think it's worth it, and I'll be with you."
"We want a goodwill gesture that you'll keep your word," Melissa announced.
"Well, I bought new BMWs for Layla and Lilith, I suppose I could buy one for each of you."
"We want them in our name before we allow you to mark us," Nevada said.
Caliban gave a bemused smile. "Sure thing. I'll take both of you out tomorrow to choose the exact model and style you want. However, I want to make something crystal clear..."
-------
"... and that's when he started to change; his clothes ripped under the strain of his bulk and he became an eight-foot, Halloween-devil-costume stereotype," Layla said. Alex, Layla, and Sarah were all sitting at a picnic table under a tree on the college grounds.
"Uh, what did they say?" Alex asked.
"Nevada, who didn't believe in demons, fainted. Melissa was strangely calm, as if she had resigned herself to this fate. He fucked Melissa, then fucked Nevada once she woke up."
Sarah looked at Layla in shock. "So did he, you know, was it against..."
"No, he didn't do that. He used a little coercion, but once they both got a taste, they were no longer disinclined to acquiesce to his sexual advances." Layla smiled wickedly.
Alex's hair stood on end. "That smile looks like Caliban's."
"Oh, does it? Well, he does have more influence on me now - a direct result of having my long-delayed orgasm."
"It's creepy," she said.
Sarah shrugged. "Anyway, didn't you say something about trying dating sites?"
"Yes, I found one specifically for trans and intersex people. I signed up yesterday. I don't know, I just feel like I've struck out so many times that I should stop trying." Alex hung her head. "It isn't like I don't have other things going on in my life; love can wait."
"You're talking about me, aren't you?" Layla asked.
"Yes - you're part of the equation. I'm worried about you."
"You shouldn't put your love life on hold just because of Layla," Sarah said.
"Yeah, I know, and I keep telling myself that it'll be alright and that things will settle down, but, the more changes I see in Layla, and the closer you get to joining her, I just feel like... It used to be us against the world; what the fuck happened to that?!"
Layla placed her arms around Alex, "I'm sorry," she whispered. "Just because I'm caught up in thisthingdoesn't mean I don't want you in my life. That is, if you'll still have me."
"Of course, babe! You're one of the few people who understand me. But, it still feels shitty that both of you are wrapped up in that guy..."
"Do you know what would make this better?" Sarah asked.
"Group hug?" Alex responded. The three young women all stood up and put their arms around each other. "Is it still us against the world?"
"Yes. Always," Sarah said.
Alex sighed. "Well, I've got to go. I have a doctor's appointment across town and I need to be back in time for my last class."
"Okay. Drive safe girly." Layla said.
"We'll see you later."
Alex walked down to her car - and older Ford four-door - and got in. The engine had it's usual problems starting, but Alex didn't have the money to get it fixed. She drove to the less reputable side of town, where she found the old run-down building which housed the doctor's office she was visiting. She went in. An hour later, she walked back out with her shoulders slumped.
Alex made her way back to her car and put the keys in the ignition. She tried to start it once, stopped and counted ten seconds, then tried to start it again. The car's motor still didn't turn over. She tried a third time and a fourth. "Oh god, not now. I can't have this happen to me now!" she yelled at the machine. She tried two more times and burst out "FUCK! FUCK FUCK FUCKITY FUCK FUCK FUCK!" while slamming her fists against the steering wheel. She then tried again but held the ignition in the start position for half a minute while it kept trying to turn the motor over.
Finally out of options, she called Layla. At first, her phone went to voicemail. "Hi, this is Layla. I'm probably in class or doing stupid college girl shit right now, so if you'll leave a message, I might call you back if I care enough."
"Layla! I'm stranded at my doctor's appointment. I need a ride. Call me back as soon as you get this!" Alex said. She hung up and went to dial for Sarah when her phone rang.
"Hey girly!" Layla said, "Sorry - I was in class and couldn't pick up right away; what's up?"
"My car died on me and I'm stuck in a very bad neighborhood. I need you to come and get me."
"Where exactly are you? I know Caliban is out dealing with some paperwork issues on the other side of town; maybe he's near you," she said.
"I'd rather not..."
"I know, but if you're not in a safe place and he can get to you sooner than I can, then it should be him."
"Damn it," Alex said. "Fine." She proceeded to give the address of the office.
"Okay - I've got it. Is it okay if I give him your number?" Layla asked.
"Sure, why not? Couldn't think of a guy I'd like more to call me right now," Alex said.
"He'll be on his best behavior - I promise you. Talk to you soon." She hung up.
Alex rested her head against the steering wheel until her phone rang. It was a number she'd never seen before. She answered; "Alex here - your local damsel in distress."
"Well, I guess that makes me your white knight," Caliban said, "suspiciously dressed in black..."
"I need your help..."
"I know. I'm already on the road. Stay on the phone with me so I know you're alright. That's a dangerous part of town - I'm surprised you went there," he said.
"Well, you go where your family doctor goes..." she said with a sheepish grin.
"That's a specialist's office. I know because I looked into it before I offered to pay for your bottom surgery," he said.
"Listen - you're the last person I want to talk about this with, so can you just get here!" Alex said as she watched a few rough-looking young men cross the parking lot. "As soon as possible?!"
"I'm already pushing well past the speed limit, Alexandra. I'll be turning into the lot any minute."
"Good," she said with a sigh of relief. After a long moment of silence, she said, "Thank you. I mean that."
"I don't doubt your sincerity. You should see my car now."
A dark blue Range Rover drove into the parking lot. She saw Caliban in the driver seat, hung up the phone, and got out of her car. He stopped a few feet from her, and she got into the passenger's side.
"You bought Layla a BMW, but you drive a Range Rover?"
"It fits five comfortably. Six if you stuff the dead hooker in the trunk." He looked over at her. "That was a joke."
"It's not particularly funny," she said.
"I hoped we'd have a chance to speak in private -"
"Why are you such an asshole?" Alex asked. "Seriously - I want to know. I mean, I know demons are supposed to be evil, but you're not evil, you're just an asshole."
"That's an interesting way to start this discussion. Where do I begin? Uh, let's begin with hell."
"Okay."
"Hell is like a prison that has come to life and personified all the worst inclinations of its inmates - the prison itself does all it can to torture its inhabitants. Time flows differently in hell, so one day here feels like, I don't know, a year or a decade there? It's hard to explain. The inmates are driven insane and back again over and over throughout the millennia, preying on each other, victimizing each other in the worst ways possible. This is where demons originate; it's a punishment for an unknown crime," Caliban said with a chuckle.
"Now imagine for a moment what it would be like to escape such a prison. You've known nothing but cruelty and misery for thousands of years. The first thing you'll do is find a way to prolong your stay away from such a place - and you'll do whatever it takes to do so. Whatever lie you have to tell, whatever deal you have to make, you'll do absolutely anything! The second thing you'll do is take advantage of all the easy targets you find around you - targets that know nothing about your abilities or weaknesses. It's all you know and they're all ripe for the picking. It's too tempting. So you kill, steal, cause famine or disease. If you're a sex demon like me, that means going on a raping spree, subjecting men and women to the most demeaning situations imaginable, and turning them into brain-dead sex slaves."
He took a deep breath and glanced at Alex, who looked at him in fear.
"Now imagine spending just enough time outside that prison to realize that all that destruction is just not necessary. Maybe you still want to do it deep down, but then you realize you get so much more by not destroying people's lives - by actually helping them, if you can. You lose nothing and maybe, just maybe, you can get one of these people to actually care about you. Maybe I can somehow, in some minor, insignificant way, redeem myself before I'm dragged back down into that literal hell hole. You know it's not enough to make up for all you've done, but it's worth trying," Caliban said as his voice caught. He clenched his jaw and smiled bitterly at Alex.
"So fuck it if all the other demons see that as a weakness and want to fuck you over," he continued. "Fuck it if you're feared and hated despite all you try to do. It may not mean anything to anyone else, but it's the one thing that keeps you from losing your mind while you're down there, and you need it because you know you'll be going back again the moment Layla dies." Caliban stared off into the distance in silence. It was as if he was no longer there with her, but instead deep within his own trama.
"I didn't know," Alex said as her lip trembled.
After a long moment Caliban twitched. "It's okay. It's just a hypothetical," he said with a strained smile.
"Is it?" she mumbled.
"Of course. Every situation is different. You don't think a Prince of Hell would go through all of that, do you?"
Alex looked away and wiped a tear from her eye. "I think, if the offer is still on the table, I mean if it's not too much trouble..."
"Come on, girl. You're not one to mince words," he said.
"I'd, uh, like you to help me," she said.
"Of course. But not from there. As I understand it, that guy's a butcher," Caliban smirked as if nothing had happened.
Alex nodded. "Whatever you think is best."
Author's Note: If you enjoy this story, please consider leaving a comment. More of the story is in the process of being edited and will be made available soon.