Once well under way, Wren came to see me again and asked me if I was okay. Then she told me that we'd be dropping anchor at the next beach that we saw and that we'd be going ashore to sunbathe for the rest of the day.
I had mixed feelings, I wanted to stay there having more orgasms as the yacht cut through the fresh sea air, but at the same time I was getting quite tired. The thought crossed my mind that if there was a slight accident when Aryn was cutting me down and I dropped into the sea, I wouldn't have the energy to swim and I'd sink to the bottom.
I needn't have worried, Aryn put one of his big arms round me and held me as his other hand cut the ropes after we'd dropped anchor in the small bay; but he did have to hold me for a few seconds until my legs stopped giving way when he put my weight on them.
Wren had been getting the jet-ski out and we were soon speeding towards the beach, Wren still wearing her new dildo, with it's slit patch, and me still with the vibrator inside me and the pink antenna sticking out of my vagina.
As we approached the beach I saw that it was mainly young people on the beach and wondered if they were all there on some sort of party trip. A lot of the girls were topless and I saw a few girls that were naked. There was no one there to entrust the jet-ski with so Aryn just took the keys out and put them in his pocket.
Aryn took us to a vacant patch of sand in the middle of the beach then before he would let Wren s[read the towels he dug a big, but shallow hole in the sand, piling the excavated sand into a pile at the water's side of the hole..
"Put the towels over the hole and the pile." He instructed Wren.
That done he then told both Wren and me to sit on top of the pile of sand then lay back into the hole. That left us laying reasonably flat but with our butts up on top of the pile. Our pubes being our highest part.
"Spread your legs girls." Aryn instructed.
That done our pussies were high up and hidden by nothing. Our vibrators were on view for everyone to see although Wren's looked more like a butt plug in her pussy with a band-aid covering her slit.
"Happy girls?" Aryn asked.
Wren put a hand onto her pussy checking that her slit was covered then said that she was. The smile on my face told Aryn that I was happy.
Then Aryn left us telling us that he was going for a walk. I closed my eyes and before long I was fast asleep.
When I woke up I looked towards the sea and saw a group of young men standing talking only a couple of metres from our feet. Their words led me to believe that they were German. I turned my head and looked at Wren. Her legs were still open but she looked a little worried.
"What's up Wren?"
"Those men have been staring at us for ages."
"They won't hurt us, they just want to look at our bodies."
"But ..."
"Relax Wren, your pussy is covered and Aryn won't be far away the place isn't that big."
"I know, he can't be far away because he's blown the balloon up a bit more and switched the vibrator on."
"And that's a bad thing because?"
"Because he's not here with me."
"Wren, I bet that if you shouted his name he'd be here in less that 5 seconds. Relax and enjoy the attention, and if you cum feel proud of yourself. It's certainly nothing to be ashamed of."
"You're right, I know, but it's just. ..."
"That your momma always told you that sexual pleasures were for the bedroom. Well all due respect to your mother, but she was wrong, a girl can cum where ever she wants and she should enjoy it and be proud of herself. Oh good, Aryn's just switched my vibrator on as well. Spread them wider Wren, let the boys see that you are proud of your body and not ashamed of it."
"But they'll think that I'm a slut."
"Well they'd be wrong. You know that you are not a slut, Aryn knows that you are not a slut and so do I. Who cares what they think? Besides, you are thousands of miles from home."
I watched Wren think for a couple of seconds then she spread her legs wider. I did the same and realised that the pink antenna was pointing to the men. I wondered if I could use my vaginal muscles to make the antenna move up and down. I tried and found that I could.
All of the young men were now watching us and one or two more, and a couple of girls were joining them. Some were taking photographs of us.
I was the first to cum, my body shaking and moaning. My hands had gone to my little tits and were pulling and twisting my nipples. There was total silence from our audience as they watched my orgasm come and go, then Wren's. She didn't put her hands on her tits but I did, and I abused one nipple like I had abused my own.
Both of us were sated, but the vibrators were starting the cycle again. I said,
"That was good wasn't it?"
"Yes it was."
"So are you ready for a repeat performance Wren?"
"Yes I am."
"Good, because if Aryn has left your vibe running like he has mine, we aren't going to have much choice in the matter."
I looked at our audience and smiled at them. They must have known that my flexible pink thing sticking out of my vagina was attached to a running vibrator but I doubted that they knew that Wren's pussy covering was a dildo AND a vibrator. The clever ones will have realised that the pussy covering must have been attached to a dildo to keep it in place, but a vibrator as well? I doubted it. But that didn't stop them looking at both our pussies..
As another orgasm was building I decided that I needed to tan my back so I turned over. The pile of sand that Aryn had created under the towel was like me laying face down on a bed with 3 pillows under my hips. My butt was stuck up in the air and with my legs being wide apart I just knew that every detail of my spread pussy was on display for our audience.
Again I tried to waggle the antenna about using my vaginal muscles but I couldn't see how successful I was, but it felt good.
Then Aryn turned up the vibrations and brought me to yet another orgasm. My body was shaking and my hands were clawing at the sand through the towel. When I finally started to return to normal my right hand started moving, going underneath me and to my clit where my fingers got to work.
I turned my head a bit more and looked back to our audience. I saw Aryn towering over the audience, phone in hand, obviously videoing Wren and me. Then I saw that more of the others in the audience were also either photographing or videoing us.
Turning my head the other way I saw Wren, on her back, legs spread and she too was clawing at the sand through the towel. She looked good as I heard her quietly say,
"Yes, yes, ooooooooooooooooooh."
I smiled and my fingers worked harder. I wanted to cum again. I looked over to Aryn again and saw him smiling and his hand go into his pocket. The vibrations went up a notch and I sighed knowing that I was going to cum again. My body was exhausted but the need to cum was just too great to go to sleep.
I looked to the audience again and saw a few more young men and girls had come over and the phones were still pointing my way. Aryn was still smiling and he said something to the latest couple to join them but the noise of the sea was too great for me to hear.
With both the vibrator and my fingers working on my pussy it wasn't long before I was cumming again, my butt lifting off the mound of sand as it went rigid for a few seconds before collapsing down, shaking and jerking.
After goodness knows how long, my orgasm subsided and I looked to the audience. For once I was pleased that they had turned and were walking away, except for Aryn who had stepped forward and was standing between Wren and I.
Then I said something that I never thought I would say,
"Please Aryn, no more, I can't take it."
Then, having realised what I said, I qualified it,
"Well not until I've had a rest."
"Relax Emily, I can see that you're done in."
The vibrator went still and I let out a long sigh. Then he turned to Wren and asked her if she was okay.
"Wonderful lover." Wren replied.
"Are you ready to get totally naked now?"
"Maybe, but I can't, this balloon will never come out of me inflated as it is."
"Do you want me to deflate it?"
"No, not yet but you could remove the patch over my slit and clit."
I watched as Aryn reached over and pressed the 2 ends of the sprung metal U that was keeping it in place, then he flicked her clit that had come out to play. Wren gasped.
"You're going to have to take that out before I fuck you in the sea."
"Take Emily first." Wren replied.
Aryn picked me up by my hips then put me down on my feet. Reaching between my legs he pulled the vibrator out of me then picked me up in his arms and walked into the sea until he was waist deep, the water lapping on my butt and pussy.
Aryn let go of me and when I surfaced he told me to float then he grabbed my ankles and pulled me onto his waiting cock.
I was asleep, on my stomach with my hips on the pile of sand with my spread butt much higher than my head, my right hand under me cupping my pussy, when Aryn and Wren came out of the sea and dripped water on me. I groaned as I felt the drips but woke up properly when Aryn's spanked my butt.
"Sorry Master, I'm just so tired."
"That's okay Emily, you've earned your keep today."
"Thank you Master."
I turned over, sat up and said,
"Where has everyone gone?"
"Looking forward to round 2 of cumming for them were you Emily? Sorry but they've all gone, the party was over."
I was not happy that they'd all left but I was happy in that I would probably get some rest. Aryn pushed my vibrator home then turned it on and right up to full blast, and I gasped and shivered.
"Leave the poor girl alone Aryn, can't you see that she's worn out?"
"Oh, you want some as well do you?"
Wren cursed and started squirming as she stood there.
"I knew that I shouldn't have let you get the remote controlled ones." Wren said.
"You shouldn't have let me put it back inside you after we'd fucked." Aryn replied.
"Please Aryn, Emily needs a rest."
Aryn turned both vibrators off and we packed our bags
As we walked back to the jet-ski Aryn announced that we were going to find a deserted little beach and spend a few days doing nothing but sunbathe, fuck and eat. At my current energy level that sounded really good to me. He also told me that he'd sent photos and a short video of me with my ass up in the air to Jack.
"Wanted to let him know what he's missing." Aryn said.
"It wouldn't surprise me if he and his mates have got a girl in exactly the same pose and are gang-banging her right now." I replied.
"Lucky girl." Wren said.
******
And that's what we did. No vibrators, just plain old-fashioned fucking and pussy eating and cock sucking, although on the third day it was at a little beach where the other people there were also fucking. It was good to have 3 days of the basics.
******
The day after our sedate break I again woke to the feeling of Aryn's cock stretching my pussy as it entered me. There was a look of contentment on my face as I turned my head as saw Wren looking down on me. She too had a contented look on her face.
One orgasm later, Aryn told me to go and get breakfast ready, that we had to be somewhere in a couple of hours.
"Somewhere nice?" I asked.
"You'll love it." Aryn replied but didn't elaborate.
That was okay with me as I love nice surprises. And I went and did as I was told.
As soon as breakfast was done Aryn told me to go and make myself look even more beautiful. I finished clearing and cleaning then went down to the bathroom only to find Wren there in the shower.
"Big day Emily, we both need to look our best." Wren said.
I went to the toilet then back to the bathroom to find Wren plucking a few hairs from around her pussy.
"It doesn't matter how many laser treatment I have a few of the bastards still appear and annoy me." Wren said.
"May I help you?" I asked.
One minute later Wren was on their bed with her legs up in the air and I was looking down at her with a pair of tweezers in my hand.
I couldn't resist bringing her off as I inspected and removed every trace of hair.
Then Wren told me to get on my back and she did the same for me, both parts.
"Shower." Wren ordered as soon as I was capable.
"Wow, you look amazing Wren." I said when I got back from the shower.
She was wearing a very nice summer dress that clung to her tits, showing the shape and colour of her nipples and areolae.
"Do you think that it's too short?" Wren asked.
The dress was a minidress with a skater type skirt. She did a twirl and I caught a glimpse of her slit.
"Absolutely ... not. Aryn will love you in that. I replied.
"Wait until you see the dress I'm taking for tonight."
"Hmm, are you trying to make me jealous Wren?"
"If we were in London or LA maybe but you're already wearing all you will need Emily."
"Intriguing."
"Come on Emily, sit down and I'll do your hair."
Wren took her dress off and we both got busy. When we were ready we went up to Aryn and he told us how to steer the yacht and to keep it about the same distance from the rocks.
Wren was a bit nervous but I looked forward to driving the boat. Aryn left us and 20 minutes later returned looking and smelling very nice.
"Have we got time for a quicky?" Wren asked,
"No Wren, go and put your dress on and bring your bag up, we're nearly there."
We rounded the next protruding cliff and saw a harbour surrounded by a large village. Aryn steered the yacht in and reversed it into a vacant slot, Wren going down and tying the ropes to whatever they are called. Aryn told me to stay where I was.
Five minutes later Aryn had secured the yacht and the 3 of us were waiting for something. I didn't ask what, and was and wasn't surprised when a car pulled up and a man got out. Aryn went down to him telling us girls to wait.
They hugged and greeted each other like long lost best friends. It quickly became obvious that the man was an American and they knew each other well. A minute later Aryn called Wren down carrying a bag that presumably carried the dress that I'd seen her in. As she went down I saw that her dress was so thin that I could see the shape of her vulva and butt crack.
Arms were wide open and the man gave Wren a big hug, lifting her off the ground and her dress riding up so that the bottom half of her butt was on display. Then the man took a step back and looked Wren up and down.
"Wow buddy, she's grown into a right beauty. You lucky bastard."
Aryn smiled then called for me to join them. I tried to put on a sexy walk as the naked me walked down to them.
"So this is the infamous Emily. So nice to meet you Emily, you're a brave girl submitting to this bastard, I'm surprised that you can still walk. I'm Charles but you can call me Chuck."
By that time Chuck's eyes had gone up and down my body and his right hand had taken mine and he was kissing it. I felt a tingle and wet rush in my pussy.
"I know that it's not polite to ask a girl her age, but just how old are you Emily, you look like your parents should be here keeping an eye on you."
"I'm 23 Chuck and thank you for the compliment."
"It's those cute little tits and bald pussy Chuck." Aryn added.
I almost blushed as I felt another wet rush.
"Well I guess that we should get Emily into the car before she gets mobbed by all the locals wanting a piece of her body." Chuck said.
I looked around and there were quite a few people walking around but none of them appeared to be staring at me. I was mildly disappointed.
Chuck opened the back door of the car and Wren, then me slid in. As Aryn and Chuck got in I heard Chuck say,
"You lucky bastard, 2 beauties to do your worst with."
Aryn didn't reply.
Chuck drove us out of the village and out into the barren countryside. About 10 minutes later we arrived at a villa, one villa in the middle of nowhere.
"So this is your mansion?" Chuck said.
"Not yet, my parents are still alive but they hardly ever get over here these days."
"So you're the Lord of the Manor in waiting?" Wren asked,
"I guess so, but you 2 can't talk, I've seen photos of your house, now that is a mansion."
"Yes, I was quite lucky there wasn't I?"
Chuck stopped in front of the gates pressed a button on a little remote control and the gate opened.
When we drove in we were met by a young woman wearing a cut-off tank top without a bra and a skirt that could only be described as a greyhound skirt. I was sure that if she bent even a little bit we'd all discover if she was wearing any knickers or not..
As we got out of the car Chuck said,
"Mary, you've met Aryn but the clothed stunner is his wife Wren and the naked little girl is Emily."
"Well hello Emily, Chuck told me that Aryn was bringing a girl who would be naked all the time that she was here but I didn't expect you to arrive naked, and are you even legal to be outside naked?"
"I don't know what the age of consent in Greece is," I replied, "but in England it's 16 and I was 16 7 years ago."
"You certainly don't look it, the guys are going to love you."
I was curious who 'the guys' were but I didn't ask.
Mary turned to Wren, looked her up and down then gave her a big hug.
"Finally happy to meet you Wren, your photos don't do you justice, Aryn is a very lucky man."
"Thank you Mary, Aryn said that you were gorgeous and he was right."
"Nice dress Wren, is it a designer one?"
"No, I got it from Walmart."
"I don't believe you, it's way too nice for Walmart. Come on in where it's cooler and we can raid the fridge."
We did, Mary bending to get the drinks out and accidentally, maybe, confirming that she was knickerless under the skirt. She knew that I was naked and she'd probably seen Wren's slit through her thin dress so she was probably quite comfortable revealing that she was knickerless as well.
"How long are you staying buddy?" Chuck asked Aryn after we'd all sat on the sofas and taken our first swig of the cold beer.
"I wasn't really planning on staying after the party."
"Nonsense, you'll all be staying for a few days and when you leave you can leave Emily behind, I fancy a cute little slave."
"Chuck, stop it." Mary said then she turned to Wren and me and continued,
"He talks the talk but he never walks the walk."
"I'd love to live in a place like this." I said, "it's amazing, and the weather is what I always dream of, but I need my job and I love my boyfriend." I said.
"Your master you mean." Chuck asked.
"Yes, I am his submissive little girl. He's both my boyfriend and my Master."
"And a lucky bastard he is too." Chuck added. "So how did you get to be his sub Emily?"
"That's a long story Chuck, perhaps we should wait until dinner to hear that."
"Okay, but we want every detail Emily."
"I will tell you all of it." I replied.
"So what's the plan for this afternoon Chuck?" Aryn asked.
"You and I buddy are going to chill in the pool and catch up while the girls get the dinner ready, and when they can they can come and flaunt their bodies in front of us."
The talking and a few more beers went on until Mary said that she had to start getting the food ready. She got up and started to walk to the kitchen but before she'd got to the door her top had been taken off and thrown to one side, and her skirt was unfastened and fell to the floor only to be kicked towards her top. Her cute butt waggled as it disappeared through the door.
"Well I guess that we'd better go and help Mary Emily." Wren said as she stood up then pulled her dress up and off leaving her as naked as the other girls in the villa.
"You've got a winner there Aryn." Chuck said as I stood and followed Wren out.
"You too buddy, Mary is a stunner." Aryn replied.
In the kitchen Mary was starting to get things out and when she saw Wren she said,
"I don't blame you Wren, I never wear anything when I'm preparing food out here, or anything else usually. It's so much easier, and less laundry."
"It's a shame that men are so reserved." Wren replied and I smiled knowing how Wren wasn't comfortable showing her slit a lot of the time.
Anyway, we talked as we worked and we took it in turns to take beers out to the guys who had moved to the pool. When I went out the guys were in the pool at the side and I stood with my legs apart as they reached up to get the bottles.
"Nice cunt as well Aryn." Chuck said. "I don't like lips hanging down, they look silly."
"Me too." Aryn replied and I remembered that Wren has very little inner labia. I wondered if she'd had big ones and had them cut down."
During the girl's conversation I learnt that Aryn, Chuck and Wren went to the same school and Aryn and Chuck were best friends. I also learnt that it was the people who Chuck and Mary had met out here were the ones coming to dinner.
"Things often get a bit lively at these dinner parties but as we have honoured guests I'll keep my clothes on and let you two be the centre of attraction." Mary said.
"I'll keep mine on as well, did I tell you that Emily has promised not to wear a stitch for the whole of her 3 week holiday?" Wren added.
"No, how's that going Emily?"
"I've managed it so far and we're about half way through the holiday - I think."
"Well you can add the days that you are here because I'm not going to lend you any clothes. Not you either Wren, you'll have to stay naked as well."
"I've got 2 dress' with me, the one that you saw and one for tonight."
"Well tomorrow morning we'll take them back to your yacht and lock them away."
"Thanks Mary, I think." Wren replied.
After the food was well on it's way we set the table with 16 places and I wondered what the other people would be like. Then Mary went out and told Chuck and Aryn to keep an eye on the food whilst us 3 girls went and got ready.
After showers, we did each other's hair then Mary let Wren and I sort out our make-up, not that any of us were wearing much make-up.
Mary went to check on the food, knowing full well that the guys would still be in the pool. They were and she told them to go and shower or whatever men do.
When Mary got back Wren was just putting her dress on and when it fell into place Mary said,
"Bloody hell girl, we're not going to a ball at the White House, you look stunning."
And she did, in the bigger bedroom she looked different to when we were on the yacht. The dress is bright red, low cut, backless and full length with a slit right up her left leg to her hip. With her nipples making little tents and with he left leg forward it was blatantly obvious that the dress was all that she was wearing.
As Wren smoothed the dress round her small curves Mary said,
"Got that at Walmart as well did you?"
"Err no, this cost Aryn a fortune."
"Worth every penny." I replied.
"Well I'd better dig out something equally stunning, can't have our guests showing me up." Mary said.
"I'd offer to wear something if I'd brought anything." I relied.
"Oh no you don't little girl, you are going to make a grand entrance and stun everyone into wanting to get their hands on you. I know what I'll wear, something very short and sexy, but I'll keep it on all night and just tease the guys, whereas you little girl are going to get the night of your life."
I was stunned. I'd left the yacht thinking that we were just going out into the country somewhere and stopping at a restaurant where they'd allow a naked girl in, and it now looked like I has in for a sex filled night.
When both Mary and Wren were ready, Mary said,
"You stay here Emily, there's some toys in that drawer to keep you amused, I'll come and get you when we are ready for you."
I was intrigued but I went to the drawer and found one of those magic wands. I lay on the bed and brought it to my pussy. As it slowly brought me to first one, then a second orgasm I was having unrealistic daydream of what was going to happen to me quite soon.
Finally Mary came back and caught me just coming down from a high.
"Good girl Emily, you must be very ready by now."
"Ready for what?"
"Stand up girl."
I did and Mary ran a finger along my slit. I gasped then moaned.
"You are ready. Count to 100 then slowly come down the stairs acting like Marilyn Monroe making a grand entrance. Say nothing and when you get to the bottom of the stairs just stand there with your feet shoulder width apart and one hand on your hip."
"Okay." I replied wondering what I'd got myself in to.
As I slowly descended the stairs I looked around. The room had gone silent as I saw about a dozen guests of all ages, the women were wearing smart cocktail dresses and the men in smart, casual clothes. Even Aryn was wearing a short sleeved shirt with pressed casual white trousers.
I was the only one naked in a room with about 16 clothed people. My clit was throbbing.
I did as was instructed at the bottom of the stairs and revelled in the glory of the situation. I just knew that if something didn't happen soon I would be cumming in front of them all.
Finally, Chuck broke the silence.
"Ladies and gentlemen I present Emily, our star of the evening and I hope that you will all enjoy her company."
Applause started and I felt a little embarrassed, and quite a bit wet. All those smartly dressed people looking at me, the naked me stood with my legs open and my clit sticking out. I was in heaven.
As the applause died down I heard one man say,
"Chuck, can we photograph and video her?"
"Of course you can Stelios," Chuck replied, "but I would have thought that you'd want to do more than that to her."
That broke the ice and after the laughter people started talking amongst themselves and to me. I was really happy that, to one degree or another, all of them spoke English.
Two young men about my age came over to me and started asking me questions, all the 'getting to know you' sort of questions until one of them said,
"Chuck told us that Aryn's wife was a stunner and we were looking forward to staring at her all evening but he never told us about you, do you mind if we take some photographs of you?"
"As many as you like guys, and I'll get into any pose that you want."
Their phones came out and the shutter sounds started. They directed me into quite a few poses that you see on the television before the open legs ones started with me sat on the stairs and I hoped that they saw how aroused I was. Then they asked me to touch myself.
I started playing with my nipples and realised that there was more than the 2 of them taking photos, and 2 of them were women.
I'd just progressed to clit rubbing and finger fucking when Chuck announced that dinner was served. I was frustrated but the anticipation of what I guessed would happen later over-ruled the frustration.
There was a bit of confusion as to where I was to sit but I ended up sitting between 2 men, Nikos and Demetrius. My poor head was going from side to side as they both asked me questions. Some of the question I refused to answer saying that all would become clearer later.
I frequently had a hand on either of my thighs and as the evening went on those hands got higher and higher until they started rubbing up and down my slit.
The wine was flowing and as the main course ended Chuck asked me to tell everyone how I came to be the submissive exhibitionist who loves sex probably more than anyone else in the room, and how I ended up in that room. It must have taken me going on for an hour to go back to my break-up with John because he turned out to be a controlling prude who wouldn't even let me wear a bikini that covered nearly as much as a one-piece.
I told them lots about my first solo holiday, describing the photos, the nude travelling, the nude table dancing for the business men, everything that I could remember at that moment, even my first gang-bang and my first 3 guy concurrent fuck in all holes with girls watching. Whenever anyone asked a question I told them all the details.
I think that Chuck and Mary ran out of wine as everyone listened to my every word.
I had to have one break when one of the hands on my thighs got the better of me and I orgasmed with everyone watching. The break lasted about 20 minutes as quite a few wanted to go to the toilet and I wondered how many of the guys had a wank.
I finished telling everyone about Ibiza, then I moved on to how my life changed at my shared apartment and me falling in love with Jack. When I'd finally told everyone about how I got to be on a yacht with Aryn ans Wren, Chuck stood up, thanked me and then told everyone that there would be a dessert but that the table had to be cleared first.
Over a dozen pairs of hands cleared the table in less than a minute then Chuck told me to get onto the table ans 'spread-em'. I guessed what was going to happen and I was more that happy to go along with it as fruit, cake, cream and some desserts that I'd never seen before, were brought out and placed on me and between and in my vagina.
Then about a dozen mouths started eating their desserts.
I tell you girls, it's an awesome experience having so many mouths eating from your naked body all at the same time, I can thoroughly recommend it and if they don't make you cum at least twice then you need to get a new set of guys.
Finally, it was over and I was left a sticky mess. I looked around and saw lots of sticky faces as well.
Chuck and Aryn had a solution to my problem, they picked me up, each on one side of me, and holding my arms and legs wide apart. After they'd let everyone take photos of me, usually from between my feet, they carried me outside and threw me into the swimming pool.
Everyone was cheering as I swam to the side and climbed out, Mary waiting for me with a big towel.
I was wide awake by then and still as horny as hell as everyone went back inside where Chuck told me to get back on the table that had been wiped down by Wren. I didn't need to be told to lay spread eagled but I just did.
Chuck produced a box of condoms and announced that I was theirs to do with as they wished.
I was gang-banged, had my face sat on by some of the women, got eaten out by both men and women, got put in all sorts of different positions and fucked at both ends at the same time, and loved every second of it. At one point I looked around the room and saw that all of the women had lost their clothes, Wren was riding Chuck's cock and Mary was riding Aryn's.
I smiled and thought that that was the biggest orgy that I had taken part in.
******