© Catesby
Tina Connolly skipped merrily down the street. Two construction workers called out to her, making crude comments about her large chest. Normally she would get upset when this happened, but she was in too good a mood this afternoon. She smiled sweetly at them as she crossed the street towards where they sat taking a coffee break, beside their van. As she passed them they both stared in awe at her long slender legs, her tight sexy ass and those huge, firm tits of hers. She had a very cute face, long blonde hair, deep blue eyes and pouting red lips, but it was her body that all the men gazed at in lust. One of the builders asked her if she wanted to join them in the back of their van and have some fun.
"Uh, why would I want to do that?" she asked innocently.
"Come on baby. You'll love it," he replied, rubbing his crotch lasciviously.
This sort of thing wasn't anything new to Tina. She had lost count of the number of filthy propositions she'd been subjected to in the street. She never knew what to say in reply and usually walked on, head down, doing her best to ignore them, hoping they would just leave her be. Today was different. She felt confident and happy, without a care in the world.
"Maybe next time," she said, giving them a teasing grin.
She ignored their pleas for her to stay and walked gaily onwards towards the bus stop. This had to be the happiest day of her life. She couldn't wait to tell her husband Mark all about it. At last, after months of painful rejections, countless auditions which had led nowhere. At last she had got herself an acting job, something she had been dreaming about for years. She was twenty four years old now and hadn't done a single day's work since she left drama school.
It had been devastating. Soul destroying. Audition after audition had gone nowhere. She began taking extra drama classes in the evenings, hoping it might be some kind of help. Her teacher had told her she had a talent for improvisation but little else. Richard, a guy in her class who'd been hitting on her since day one, told her she would be great hosting some programme on TV. She had the looks, the personality, the improv skills. Then, as soon as she had made a name for herself, got herself known by producers and directors, she would get offered parts in movies. Tina loved the idea.
At first she had applied to be a weathergirl, knowing that many people got their break from starting there. She didn't get a single call-back. Next she set her sights lower and tried out for numerous cable TV programmes, morning chat shows, shopping channels, you name it, she went for it. Several casting agents suggested she try another avenue. Porno movies. They told her she was a natural. Fabulous body, come to bed eyes and an aura of total sexuality. She was appalled by the idea. She knew she was attractive and had a sexy body but she felt that her career would soon hit a dead end if she went that route.
Instead she had tried to change herself. She covered up her legs in trouser suits and pinned down her 38DD breasts so that her body would be less noticeable. Audition after audition, still failure. Even now they said she was too sexy. It was in the way she looked at the camera, they said. Like it was a big dick and she was desperate to fuck it. She appreciated the candour, if not the crudeness, and decided to just be herself. She knew that one day her dream would come true. She only had to remain positive, she thought, and it had worked. She had just had her second audition and they had told her she was on the team, starting Monday.
Mark had just arrived back from work when she got home. She flung herself at him, throwing her arms around her husband and hugging him excitedly.
"I've got a job. I've got a job," she repeated with elation.
"That's great," he said. "What is it?"
"The Jimmy Fox show!"
"The Jimmy Fox show?" Mark repeated, a sour expression on his face.
Jimmy Fox had been one of the most popular, or at least infamous, of the new breed of shock jockeys on the radio. Juvenile pranks, moronic sexist behaviour, the usual crap. Somehow, a few months before, he had been given his own spot on cable TV, five nights a week. It went out live and was even more outrageous than his radio program had been, which was probably why the ratings were so high for a cable TV show.
"Jesus," he said. "Why are you doing that pile of crap?"
"Oh, I knew you'd be like this," she said angrily. "You're just scared of me being a success. You want me to stay at home all day. Turn me into some frumpy old housewife, barefoot and pregnant all the time."
To be honest, even though she was excited about telling him, she expected this reaction anyway. Mark was a History lecturer at college and looked down at all forms of popular entertainment, especially television. He was seven years older than her and they had been married for four years now. He was a very sweet man, but also very set in his ways. Sometimes the things she had found different and interesting and mature when she first met him now came across as being just plain tedious.
"Hey, hey," Mark said. "Calm down. You know I've always tried to encourage you, even though I don't think much of the profession. It's just, that show..."
"I bet you haven't even seen it. You never watch TV."
Actually he had seen it once. His college students talked about it all the time. He was curious so he tuned in one night when Tina had already gone to bed. One segment had these pranksters being filmed on the street. The cameraman would pretend to be interviewing some pretty girl he had stopped as she walked by. Then another guy with a hidden camera would quietly come up behind her and gently lift up her skirt, pinning it up with pegs so that it bunched up around her hips. The interview would then finish and the cameraman would follow the girl as she walked ahead, her panties on display.
They also showed clips taken from some Japanese show which were more explicit. A cameraman would approach various phone booths until he found one with a young woman inside. Then his accomplice would open the door, get inside with her and pull up her top and her bra and start licking her breasts while she screamed into the phone. Mark thought it was disgusting and almost certainly illegal but he could see why that stuff was such a ratings winner among TV viewers.
After that the program returned to the studio where Jimmy Fox was sat beside a young woman dressed in a low cut top and the shortest skirt Mark had ever seen. Fox introduced her as 'Cindy, our resident feminist', and asked her what she thought about the clips. 'I liked it,' she said with a manic grin, crossing her legs to expose her panties. Then the camera panned back to Fox and he nodded sagely, as if something profound had been said. That was when Mark had turned off the television screen.
"I've seen enough of it to know it won't do your career any good," he said to his wife.
"That's where you're wrong," she replied vehemently. "Cindi Simmons, the girl I'm taking over from, she's got her own show now."
She chose not to mention that Cindi was now hosting the 4am slot on an adult porn channel.
"Cindi? Not the 'resident feminist'? You're not taking over from her?"
"Well, yes. But I'm a co-host. That's what matters. Most of it's improvised so I can turn the role into whatever I want."
"Oh come on. You're just there to be the butt of a load of sexist jokes. They just want you to show off that body of yours."
"Mark. It's one of the most popular cable shows ever. It's good exposure."
"Over exposure more like. I suppose they'll make you wear all these skimpy little outfits, showing off your tits and your legs and your ass and your..."
"All right, all right. I get the picture. You don't like it. You don't want me working there. Fine. I won't do it. I'll stay at home all day cleaning the house, preparing your dinner, being the good little housewife. That's what you want, isn't it?"
There was a fearsome look in her eyes and Mark knew he had to be careful what he said.
"I'm sorry, baby," he said. "I know I should be more supportive. I'm sure a better job will come along soon."
"No," she said firmly. "Listen. I'll make a deal with you. This is my last shot. Either it goes well and leads to something more or else you're right and it doesn't work out so I'll quit auditioning and just stay home and look after the house. What do you say?"
"Okay," he said. "I guess that's fair enough."
It sounded like a good deal to him. He would love it if she stayed at home. Forever. Whenever she was out of the house without him he became insanely jealous. He knew how hot she was, how much men lusted after her. He really wanted her all to himself, but he knew that she would grow to hate him if he forced her to stay home. This way it was her decision, her promise. Mark was sure that she wouldn't be able to stand doing that show for long. It was too demeaning. She would give up and he would have her all to himself.
On the Monday evening when Mark returned home, Tina was just leaving. She had to be at the TV studio by seven o'clock. The show didn't go out live until half past eleven but she had to get into costume and apply her makeup and go through a rehearsal first. After kissing him goodbye Tina begged him not to watch the show that night.
"I know you don't approve and I don't want to be thinking about you sitting there watching me, judging me," she said.
He kissed her lightly on the cheek and promised not to watch. That was fine by him. If he did see it he knew that he wouldn't be able to stop himself slating the program to her as soon as she came home. He knew that if he went on about it she would become more determined to stick with it. It would be much better if she realised what a pile of crap it was without him telling her. Anyway, the program didn't finish until after midnight and he'd be better off having an early night.
He didn't hear her come in during the night but Tina was lying asleep in their bed the next morning when the alarm woke him up. She looked exhausted. He quickly turned off the alarm and got ready for work, leaving her to sleep. An hour or so later, as he entered his classroom he overheard a couple of students talking about the program.
"Oh man. Did you see it? That new girl? She's incredible. Those tits. Damn. I nearly creamed my jeans."
"Yeah, me too. She is a fox. Hey, you know what? They should call her Jimmy Fox's fox on the box."
"Huh. I'd like to get in her box."
"She'd probably let you. Looks like a right slut, don't she? How many men you think she's had?"
"How many hundred, you mean?"
"She's no virgin, that's for sure. You think she's married?"
"Married? Shit, no. A woman like that, she probably fucks a different man every night. You can see it in her eyes. She is a total slut."
The two young men hushed up then, aware that Mark was listening in. This wasn't the first time he had heard guys talking about his wife this way. There had been several times at parties and in bars when he had overheard comments about the 'sexy blonde with the big tits', men thinking she was available or at least 'up for it' because of the way she looked. The trouble was that she was so naïve that she didn't even notice the vibes she gave off. She had come from a little village and even after four years in the city she still acted like a total innocent.
It had always bothered him but he knew it would be a damn sight worse if anyone at the college found out that his wife was this 'fox on the box'. It would be all over the school in no time, little whispered remarks behind his back; innuendo to his face; explicit graffiti in the toilets. The only fortunate thing was that he had only been on the faculty for three months and hadn't had the chance to introduce her to his colleagues as yet and none of the students had seen them together either. The name on her equity card was 'Ella Breen' and he knew she would be using that on the program, so there was a good chance that no one would ever know they were married, especially if she quit the show before too long. Which was just what he hoped and expected would happen.
It was almost midday before Tina woke up. She had a splitting headache, the result of one too many celebratory glasses of champagne. As soon as the show had ended the whole crew had gone up to the green room. Everyone was pleased with her work, the producer, and the director, and even Jimmy Fox himself. They all gave her a kiss on the lips and a friendly pat on the ass and told her that she was going to be a star. The words were like music to her ears. She couldn't believe this was happening.
She hadn't actually done very much on that night's show. Jimmy Fox had introduced her as Ella Breen, his sexy new sidekick, made her stand up and give them a twirl, and then asked her a few questions about her views on sex and life in general. They asked her what she thought about threesomes, lesbian encounters, gangbangs. She had said that they were all good fun and that she had tried them all, which wasn't true at all. Jimmy and one of the writers had come up with a persona for her and they went through it during rehearsal.
Originally she was supposed to be some dumb blonde slut who loves sex, but Tina had persuaded them to make her character more empowered. She was still a blonde obviously, and she still loved sex, but it was always on her terms. She still had to act a little cruder, a little sluttier than she would have liked, but she knew that if she veered away from their original idea too much then she would just be replaced. She figured that she could adapt her persona as the weeks went by. The funny thing was, when she had been doing it, playing the part of Ella, she found it strangely liberating. Like this Ella character was simply a part of Tina that she hadn't been aware of before. She remembered how her drama teacher had said that there are many different personalities buried deep down inside all of us and it's only actors, good actors, who can unlock those diverse characters and really impress with their performance. That was what Tina felt she had achieved tonight.
After they had drank a few glasses of champagne, the producer, Mr Trellis, took her to one side and told her that she had done well today but he wanted her to spice things up a little more.
"How do you mean?" she had asked.
"Well, you can show a little more cleavage for a start," he said, pulling down at her T-shirt until the crease between her breasts appeared. "Tight little shirts like that are okay. Make your tits look nice and big. But what we need is a little more flesh on view. Okay?"
"Uhm, okay," Tina replied nervously.
"And that skirt. Make it shorter. Much shorter. I was watching on the monitors and I didn't see your panties once. Not once! Show me them now."
"What? I'm not going to..."
The look in his eyes stopped her from completing the sentence. She could tell that he was a man who expected his orders to be carried out immediately. He could fire her on the spot if he liked and then she would have to do as she promised to Mark, give up all her dreams and become a drudge of a housewife.
She gingerly looked over her shoulder to check if anyone was watching, then she slowly lifted her skirt at the front until her white cotton panties came into view. She stood there uncomfortably as Mr Trellis stared between her legs, a perplexed look on his face.
"What do you call these?" he asked, reaching out to brush his hand against the material. "My God. The last girl I saw wearing panties like this was six years old, playing with a bucket and spade on the beach. Tomorrow you go out and buy something decent. See through preferably."
"But..."
"But nothing. I hired you because you look like a very horny young woman. That's what we need on this show. Now those," he said pointing between her legs. "Those are not the kind of panties that a horny young woman wears. A virgin, yes. An ageing spinster, yes. A sexy blonde with big tits? No way!"
Tina was panicking now. She felt like getting the hell out of there, as soon as possible. Suddenly the director, Bob Ford, rushed over to the two of them and Tina hurriedly pulled her skirt back down.
"What's going on?" Bob asked, sensing a disturbance.
Trellis told him what he'd told her, criticising her underwear, going into great detail about it.
"Show him," he ordered her. "Show him what you're wearing."
Tina looked at them both, feeling utterly trapped. She lifted her skirt again then breathed a sigh of relief when Bob told her it was okay and she could cover herself up.
"Let me talk to her," he said to Trellis.
The producer shrugged and walked off, leaving them to it.
"Listen Tina. I'm sorry about that. Mr Trellis, he's...he's not a people person, if you know what I mean. He doesn't know how to deal with actors."
"You can say that again. What the hell's wrong with my panties?"
"Nothing. Nothing, I'm sure. Thing is, TV producers, they live by clichés. He knows that young men like to see girls in sexy lingerie. He knows that our target audience are young men. He thinks if we have a girl in sexy lingerie then our target audience are going to tune in. He thinks if we have a girl in little schoolgirl type undies then we'll only get middle aged perverts watching. It's stupid I know, but..."
"But why do I have to flash my panties all the time, anyway?"
"Tina, honey, it's just acting, part of the role you're playing. Acting's not just about speaking lines. It's about expressing yourself with your whole body. Now, the persona you've created - it's absolutely great by the way - Your persona, she's an independent woman, open minded, honest and free with her sexuality. You have to learn to express that physically."
"By showing my panties?"
"The thing is," Bob explained patiently. "It's not only about showing your panties to the camera. It's about building the persona you're trying to create. What you wear is an important part of that. At times you'll have to use very subtle nuances to establish your character. At other times you'll have to be very up front. A lot of people won't realise how much work goes into it, but I do and I'm sure there'll be a lot of directors and actors and producers who'll feel the same way once they've seen your work."
"Really?" she asked, her eyes glittering with expectation.
"Believe me," he said. "You do as I tell you and the sky's the limit for you. I can see you got real talent. I just need you to help me bring it out."
"I will. I will," she said. "Whatever you say."
Bob gave her the address of a store near the studio which stocked all manner of sexy outfits and lingerie. Then he pulled a roll of notes from his pocket and told her to buy the sexiest clothes she could find, imagining what her persona would wear. She thanked him and said goodnight. As she made her way out the door the crew stopped her and each of them gave her a kiss on the lips. The first one tried to cop a feel of her ass at the same time. She was about to push him roughly away when she noticed Trellis watching her. He already thought she was some kind of prude or virgin or something. She realised that she would have to act out her onscreen persona not only for the camera but for him too, at least until she had settled in and proved herself. She let the whole crew grope her ass as they kissed her goodnight, not even blanching when one of them gave her tits a sly feel. She wouldn't be here long anyway. Soon she would be doing something else, acting in a movie, maybe have her own talk show. She could put up with things until then. She owed it to herself to try.
Just as she had finally made her way through the gauntlet of the crew's groping hands and probing tongues, Trellis called her to come back. He opened a door which led to his office and told her to sit in there and wait for him. All sorts of things ran through Tina's mind. She had heard stories about movie producers and she figured TV producers were just the same. All these movie stars, Marilyn Monroe, Joan Crawford, many others. They all had to lie back on the casting couch in the early days of their career. Did Trellis want to have his way with her? Would he have her fired if she didn't let him do it to her? The thought made her shudder. He was old, fat and middle aged. And anyway, she was married, she said to herself as an afterthought. She wouldn't do it no matter what he looked like.
When he finally returned to the office she noted with surprise that Jimmy Fox and Bob Ford were both with him. She breathed a sigh of relief, figuring that he wouldn't try anything on with them in the room.
"Listen, Tina," Trellis began. "We've had an idea for the show in mind for a long time now. It's going to be a big ratings winner and it's going to make us a lot of money. Trouble is, you're going to have to play a major part in it, and I'm not sure you've got what it takes. I think we may have made a mistake in hiring you."
"Oh no," she said quickly. "Give me a chance. Please. I'm going to improve. Bob's told me what I have to do."
"Yes, yes. Bob thinks you'll manage fine. It's me you have to convince. Me and Jimmy."
Tina looked over at Jimmy expectantly, hoping he'd tell Trellis that he had confidence in her. Instead, he asked her a question right out of the blue.
"What do you think of gangbangs?"
"Well," she said, reciting the line she'd used when he had asked her about it on the show that night. "They say that two's company and three's a crowd. They've obviously never been to my house. Three isn't a crowd. Twelve is a crowd. Especially if they're a bunch of men swarming round your bed, waiting to have their turn with you."
"Yes, very good," Trellis said. "We know you can improvise when in character, and that was a good line. What Jimmy is asking is, what do YOU think of gangbangs. You, Tina, not Ella Breen."
"Oh my God," she murmured under her breath. "You want to...you all want to...right here..."
"No, no," Bob said in a calming voice. "It's nothing like that. We're not going to all jump on you. Listen. Here's the plan. In a couple of weeks time, Jimmy's going to make an announcement. The Jimmy Fox show is going to create television history. The first ever gangbang live on television. After the announcement we give out a telephone number to call and ten lucky viewers get the chance to take part. It's going to be a massive ratings booster. We've got a long build up, four weeks, and we're going to have that phone number running across the bottom of the screen every night for the next month."
"Oh, I see. But where do I come in? Oh my God," Tina exclaimed. "You want me to actually do it? You want me to -- to have sex with ten complete strangers live on TV?"
Tina leaped up from her seat and was about to stride out the door when Bob stopped her.
"Tina, Tina, of course not. You're an actress. A star in the making. We're not going to make you do something like that. Here's the way it works. We tell the viewers that you're going to do it. All the men out there are gonna want you so badly. The phone lines'll be ringing off the hook. Word of mouth's gonna spread. Everyone'll be watching the show. Everyone will know the name of Ella Breen. Obviously, we can't actually film a gangbang taking place. We're not on some porn channel. What we do is have a large four poster bed put into the studio. There's curtains all around it, no one can see what's going on inside. You get filmed going inside and then the ten guys who won, they all take turns joining you on the bed. No one sees a thing. We only hear what's going on."
"I still don't understand. What will you be able to hear? Am I supposed to let them all fuck me even though nobody will see it?"
"No, no. Listen. Soon as you get filmed going through the curtain and climbing on the bed, that's when we cut away and you get out, go back to the green room, have a drink, relax for an hour. Soon as you're out of there, we put another girl in the bed, someone in a blonde wig, dressed up to look like you. Then we film each of the guys going in and coming out of the bed and we tape the sounds of them fucking the girl. See? Then, soon as the last man comes out, we cut away, take the girl out of the bed, put you in it, then film you coming out. No one's any the wiser."
"What about the guys who have sex with the other girl. They'll know it's not me."
"That's the beauty of it. The ten guys in the studio that night are all gonna be professionals. Porn actors, same as the girl. No one's gonna know it's been rigged. Except us. Listen, don't worry about the details. We've got it all planned. We even got one of the best make up artists in the business booked for that night to make you look like you just been through a gangbang."
"But what about my career? Who's going to give me work after I do something like that?"
"Don't worry about it. The ratings will have gone through the roof by then. A couple of weeks after, we tell the world it was all one of Jimmy Fox's notorious pranks. We show them exactly how we did it. How you managed to fool everyone with your acting skills. It'll give us even more exposure. You'll be a household name in no time."
Tina thought about it. It all seemed very complicated but she could see that if it worked it would make her famous. The watchword in this business was that no publicity is bad publicity, especially for an unknown like her. The notoriety would keep her in work for years, maybe catapult her to instant stardom. She liked the director, Bob, and had faith that he knew what he was doing.
"You just tell me what to do," she said, smiling at the three of them.
As soon as she had left the office to go downstairs and take a taxi home, Jimmy Fox looked at Bob, shaking his head and laughing.
"How'd you come up with all that stuff?"
"Hey. What can I tell you? She ain't the only one who's good at improvising. Anyway, it wasn't all lies, was it?"
"No. Just the stuff about the make up girl, the porn actors, the idea that it'll be another girl in the bed fucking all those guys instead of Tina."
"Yeah, well. You could see she's not geared up for it yet. She was just about ready to walk out. In six weeks time she'll be fine though. She's like putty in my hands. You should have heard the line of bullshit I spun for her earlier. She swallowed it completely."
"Good. I like a girl who swallows."
"Don't we all?" he said, reaching for a bottle of champagne on the desk.
The next morning, Tina lay in bed for a long time after waking. She started thinking about this gangbang. She wondered about the girl who would actually be doing it. Taking all those men between her legs. One after the other. Complete strangers sticking their big hard cocks inside her. To her surprise she felt a familiar feeling in the pit of her belly and she knew that her pussy was juicing up, just like it did whenever her husband touched her during foreplay. Her hand reached between her thighs and she gently rubbed a finger against her clit. All those men fucking this girl who'd be dressed in a blonde wig, made up to look like Tina. She pictured herself lying down on a four poster bed, one stranger after another coming in to join her. Within two minutes her whole body was convulsing in the most powerful orgasm she could remember having. It had been the first time she had masturbated since she had been married. What surprised her most was that even after cumming she still felt incredibly horny.
She resisted the urge to masturbate again, took a long hot shower and decided to go out shopping. She put on a low cut summer dress, one that showed more cleavage than she generally wore. She figured that she should try to get used to it. She found the address Bob had given her in her purse and drove out in her car, parking in a small lot just behind the store. It was quite a small shop and not very well presented but she supposed that the quality of the clothing was good or else Bob would never have sent her here. She felt a little uncomfortable when she realised that she was the only woman in the place and that all the other customers were men. It seemed strange considering that it only stocked ladies wear, but then she supposed that the men were buying things for their wives. She had never seen such an array of underwear in one place before. Crotch-less panties, French knickers, peep-hole bras, micro mini skirts, skimpy little dresses. She closed her eyes and thought about what Ella Breen would wear.
As she picked up various garments she felt deliciously naughty. She would never have dreamed of wearing these sort of things normally, but they seemed absolutely perfect for the character she was playing. Walking around the store she noticed that the other customers kept glancing at her. She wondered if they were looking at the things she was carrying, the see through panties, the half cup bras, the leather mini skirt. She wondered if they were picturing what the underwear would look like on her. She quickly made her way to the counter, deciding to come back another day to buy more outfits. While the man behind the counter bagged up her goods a customer approached Tina from behind.
"Excuse me," he said. "Aren't you Ella Breen?"
She turned to look at him. He was a young man, unshaven, about twenty years old. He must have watched the show last night. She couldn't believe that she'd been recognised already, after just one program.
"Yes," she beamed at him. "I'm Ella Breen."
"Wow," he said. "It's so great to meet you."
His eyes were running up and down her body, gazing at her tits and her legs. Normally Tina would have found this very rude but she decided to adopt her new persona. Ella wouldn't mind him leering at her. She would like it. It would be further proof of her power over men, her ability to make them go weak at the knees.
"You enjoy the show last night?" she asked him, thrusting her chest out a little.
"Oh yeah. You were fabulous. I can't wait to see more of you."
"Oh, I'll bet. And what part of me do you want to see more of most?"
She couldn't believe she had just said that. It was perfectly in keeping with her character but she was surprised how adept she had become at improvisation.
"Your tits," he said, his mouth practically drooling. "I'd love to see those big, sexy tits of yours."
"What? These little things?" she said, taking her breasts in her hands and squeezing them softly.
A little voice in her head was telling her that she was going too far, but somehow she couldn't stop herself. It was like Ella Breen was taking over. She felt a tingling between her legs and knew that she was juicing up down there. The young man was gazing in awe as he imagined doing what she was doing, squeezing those lovely big tits.
"Oh my God," he said under his breath. "I'd love to do that."
"What?" she asked innocently. "Feel my tits you mean?"
"Can I?" he asked in a pleading voice.
Suddenly Tina didn't know what to say. She had gone too far already. Thankfully the man behind the counter then handed her over her change and receipt and her shopping bags and she hurried out of the store, giving the young man a brief smile by way of goodbye. She briskly made her way to the parking lot, feeling like her legs could give way any minute. She was so wet down there, so wet and full of desire. She couldn't wait to get home and masturbate again.
As she reached her car and began searching for her keys she suddenly heard a voice behind her. She turned to see the young man swiftly approach her. She waited expectantly, wondering what he would say to her.
"Ella. Miss Breen. Ella. Can I...can I have your autograph?"
Tina smiled in relief, expecting him to ask for something different. She struggled with her shopping bags, trying to open her purse to find a pen. Her first ever autograph! What an incredible feeling. While her hands were both occupied the young man seized his opportunity. He reached forward and placed both his hands on Tina's tits, squeezing them gently. Tina opened her mouth wide in shock, looking down at his rough hands groping her. She felt a tremendous heat rising between her legs. She desperately tried to think what Ella Breen would do in this situation, slap him; tell him to stop; ease him gently away; let him carry on. She didn't know what to do.
The young man took her lack of protest as a sign that she enjoyed it. It didn't surprise him. Watching her last night, he had never seen such a slutty girl. The way she had described pulling a train for a roomful of men. She was a nymphomaniac. She had to be. He pulled down at the front of her dress until her bra was visible. Then he tugged at the cup of her bra until one of her tits popped out and he quickly fastened his mouth on it, taking the nipple between his lips and sucking on it.
Tina gasped, unable to believe this was happening. She was pushed up against the hood of the car and felt her body leaning backwards over it as the man pressed his face further forward, sucking hard on her breast. By now he had released her other breast and was groping it with his hand, squeezing it with all his might. She looked frantically around the parking lot trying to see if anyone was watching. They were completely alone. She felt sure that any minute he would rip off her panties and try to rape her.
She remembered what she had heard about rape victims. How it was best to distance yourself, pretend that you weren't even there. That it was another person lying there being ravaged and not yourself. She closed her eyes and thought of Ella. How she would enjoy this situation, turn it into something else, something empowering. She felt a change occur inside her, a powerful energy taking hold as she turned herself into her TV persona.
"So," she said to the young man as she lifted her dress up around her waist. "Are you going to play with my tits all day or are you going to fuck me?"
The young man pulled away from her chest and looked down at the white panties covering her mound. Jesus, he thought. She really is a nympho. He figured she wouldn't mind him sucking her tits but he never dreamed she would actually let him fuck her, especially not out here, in broad daylight.
Tina lay back on the hood of the car, her legs dangling over the side. At least it wouldn't be painful, she thought, as he took hold of her panties and eased them down her thighs. She was so wet already that he wouldn't need to use any force when he jammed his prick inside her. She tried to focus, to remember that it was Ella this was happening to, not Tina.
"Come on," she said. "Show me that cock of yours."
He rapidly unzipped himself and pulled out his erection, poking it against her thighs as he leaned over her. Tina gazed down at it. It was really thick. She hadn't seen another man's cock since she had been married, and she couldn't remember ever seeing one that substantial before. Okay, so she had only had sex with two other men before her husband, so she had very few to compare it with. But still, the difference in girth was amazing. Seconds later she realised that it didn't only look different, it felt different too.
The man had been grappling with her legs, trying to get a good angle of approach. Suddenly he had lurched forward, plunging his hard, fat prick into her dripping wet cunt. Tina gasped, amazed at the way it felt, her pussy being filled up like never before. There were often times with her husband when she never felt anything at all very much until the head of his cock expanded as he came inside her. This, what she was feeling now, this was something else entirely. She tried to imagine what Ella would be like during sex. She instantly knew she would be loud; enthusiastic; wild.
"That's it, big boy," she said. "Fuck me -- fuck me good."
She bucked her hips against him, writhing around underneath as his cock pistoned in and out of her pussy. Jesus, he thought, she really loved it. What a horny little slut she was. He was having the time of his life.
"Mmmm, yeah," she moaned. "Come on, do it to me -- fuck me harder."
He reached forward, grabbing hold of those lovely huge tits of hers as he rammed into her.
"Oooh, you like my tits, don't you? That's it baby. Give them a good grope. Squeeze them...ooooh yeah...I like that...ooooh...squeeze them hard...God, I love the way you're fucking me...mmmm...yeah...I love that big cock of yours..."
Tina was out of control now. Ella's character had taken over completely. She looked up at the young man humping her with heated passion, beads of sweat running down his forehead. Suddenly she gasped, sensing her impending orgasm.
"Oh God -- do it -- cum inside me -- do it -- fuck me -- make me cum..."
She started panting heavily, knowing she was nearly there. She quit bucking against him as she lost control of her legs, trembling as her body began to convulse.
"Oh yes -- oh God -- I'm cumming -- I'm cumming...ooooh..."
It had never ever been like this before. This amazing sensation taking over her body. The pleasure was exquisite and seemed to go on forever. The man was pounding away at her now, going real hard and fast and deep. She let out an ear piercing scream as she felt him shoot his load deep inside her, flooding her pussy with his sticky juices. His body jerked as spurt after spurt hit the walls of her cunt, making her cry out in delight.
The young man eased himself gently from her prone body and stood back gasping for breath. She looked back at him, gave him that horny smile she had given to the cameras the night before.
"Did you enjoy that?" she asked.
"God, yeah."
"Good. I like to please my fans. And the personal touch is so much better than an autograph, isn't it?"
He nodded and helped her to her feet. Suddenly she saw over his shoulder that twenty yards away two men were sitting in a car watching her. They were grinning at her happily. Lascivious smiles on their faces. She didn't know how long they had been there but they must have seen plenty. The two of them climbed out of their vehicle and hurriedly made their way towards her. Her tits were still uncovered, her dress still hiked up around her waist, but she made no move to cover herself up.
There was no conversation between them, not a word said. One of the men reached out his hand and squeezed her breast. Her nipples were very sensitive now and she gasped as she felt his rough hands on her. The next thing she knew she was flat on her back once more, the man shoving his cock into her sopping wet cunt. It felt even bigger than the kid's and she couldn't stop herself from moaning in pleasure as he rammed that thing back and forth between her spread open legs.
The other man had taken out his cock and she looked at it held in his fist. It was thick and hard and she knew that he was going to stick it inside her as soon as his friend had finished. The pair of them were going to take turns with her, treating her like a piece of meat, a dirty little whore. Somehow it made her even more excited. She began to gyrate her hips, pushing hard against his cock. The man began calling her dirty names, all kinds of horrible things, and it just made her feel all the more dirty and sexy and turned on. In no time at all she came for the second time, moaning and panting as she succumbed to the delicious sensation.
"Oh yes -- oh God -- fuck me -- I want you both to fuck me -- cum inside me -- fuck me good..."
The man suddenly gripped her by the hips and went rigid as he shot his load deep inside her pussy, making her cry out in ecstasy. As soon as he pulled out his friend quickly took his place, jamming his fat prick up her cunt while he groped and squeezed her tits. He was really hammering away at her, fucking her harder and faster than she had ever known. He leaned down and began to slobber over her tits, his tongue licking all over her nipples. Her whole body trembled as she experienced her third orgasm. She moaned so loudly, expressing such delight, that the man on top of her couldn't stop himself from spurting off, a torrent of juices gushing up into her already soaking wet pussy.
When it was all over she lifted herself up off the hood of the car and stood on the floor, feeling all that cum dribbling down her thighs. She picked up her panties, grappled with her shopping bags and purse and opened the door of her car, flooring the accelerator as she drove out of the parking lot.
After she was a mile away from the scene she pulled in at the kerb. Her hands were shaking. She couldn't believe what had just happened. The first man had been going to force himself on her against her will but she had turned it around completely, turned it into an act of wild, mad passion. Turned it into something pleasurable for both of them. Then the others. She had just had three men in the space of twenty minutes, as many as she had had in her whole lifetime up till then. It had been incredible.
The men hadn't fucked her. They had fucked Ella. There was no reason for her to feel guilty, to consider it an act of adultery. It wasn't really Tina who had done those things. She had improvised, stayed in character, played a role, just as she did on the TV, played the role of a horny young woman who knows what she wants and knows how to get it. Tina could not deny to herself that she enjoyed playing Ella Breen. It was the role of a lifetime and the best thing that had ever happened to her.
She placed a hand under her dress, feeling the hot sticky fluid dribbling out of her pussy. She looked at the discarded underwear she had thrown on the seat beside her, next to the shopping bags full of sexy lingerie. She picked up the white cotton panties and threw them out of the window. She wouldn't be needing them any more.
Part 2
Tina Connolly had been working on the Jimmy Fox TV show for a week now. Each time she felt more and more attuned with the character she was playing. Ella Breen, super slut. Jimmy Fox had been progressively building her up, giving her more and more air time and she had been equal to it. She had taken her producer's advice and had radically changed her old wardrobe, replacing it with a range of sexy new outfits. She was now showing as much flesh as decency would allow, and sometimes even more.
On the Friday evening's show she had been allowed to conduct an interview with a band on the studio sofa. They were called The Hard Strokes and were well known for being the wildest, most debauched group around. She had pumped them for information on their lifestyle, asked them how many groupies they had each night. Then she told a story about how she had been a bit of a groupie in her younger days and had gone on tour with a band once. She went into great detail about the whole band taking turns with her on the backseat of the tour bus, followed by the road crew and even the bus driver. It wasn't a true story, of course, just something she had made up as part of the persona she was playing.
After she told the story The Hard Strokes seemed to think she was fair game. For the rest of the show they groped and molested her while she was squeezed in between the four of them on the sofa. She couldn't have got away from them even if she wanted to. The cameras were cutting back to her every few minutes. Each time she got the cue that they were returning to her she had to quickly rearrange her clothing, pull down the skirt they had lifted up over her hips and rapidly try to redo the straps on her halter top that the band members kept unfastening. By the end of the show she must have exposed her panties to the camera at least a dozen times. She was sure that they had caught her with her tits out once or twice too but they may have been covered up by the hands of the band members giving her a good grope.
As soon as the show ended Jimmy Fox went up to her and gave a kiss on the lips, telling her that she was great, that that interview would go down in history as the best ever on live TV. She was pleased but still a little flustered. Her pussy was all wet from the groping she had been getting for the last hour and the band had been pestering her to come back to their dressing room ever since they went off air. For a few moments she was torn, unable to decide whether to go with them or not. Eventually her reason prevailed. She had to remind herself that when the cameras were off she was Tina Connolly, a happily married actress, and not Ella Breen, super-slut extraordinaire.
As she drove home that night she thought about how the show had gone. She was sure that she must have made a big impact on the viewers, more than in all the previous shows put together. Suddenly she thought about her husband, Mark, and wondered if he had seen the program. He had promised not to watch it until she felt comfortable with him seeing her acting like that, but tonight was a Friday and he wouldn't have to get up in the morning. Perhaps he had been tempted to stay up and see it. She hoped not. Any other night wouldn't have been so bad. She had flirted, teased, told dirty stories, and flashed her panties among other things but tonight was the first time she'd actually let herself be groped on camera. Mark might take it the wrong way, not realise it was all part of the act.
Mark was asleep in bed when she arrived home. She took off all her clothes and snuggled up to him. They had hardly seen each other all week and Tina was feeling very horny. She hadn't had sex since Monday afternoon and that had been with another man, three men in fact. She tried to put it out of her mind but she couldn't. She kept picturing it, that young man, some fan of hers, some guy who'd seen her on TV and liked what he saw. He had fucked her in broad daylight, on the hood of her car in a parking lot, and she had loved it. Two other men had watched her do it and they had quickly joined in, each of them fucking her with a roughness and fervour she had never experienced before. She had cum three times. It had been incredible.
She reached inside Mark's pyjamas and began gently manipulating his cock, hoping to get him in the mood. He made a low groaning sound and she felt him harden as her grip tightened. She pulled down the covers and rolled him onto his back. Then she climbed over him and eased herself onto his lap, feeding his cock between her pussy lips.
Mark had woken up as soon as he felt his wife's hand reach inside his pyjamas but he was too tired to open his eyes just yet. He kept them closed until he heard her begin to moan softly and then he looked up at her. She was riding him gently, her back to him, and he could feel that she was rubbing her clit at the same time. Her ass was rubbing against his belly, pressing down on him as she tried to fill up her pussy with all that he had to give. They normally had sex in the missionary position or occasionally doggy style and they had never done anything like this before but he could tell that she was enjoying it, totally in control of the motion of their bodies. Her panting grew faster as she played with her tits while bobbing up and down on his cock. Suddenly her body grew rigid and he felt the muscles in her pussy tighten as she came. He closed his eyes again as he felt himself about to orgasm but suddenly she eased herself off his cock and lay down on the bed, her back to him. Seconds later she was asleep. Mark couldn't believe it. She had just used him as if he were a sex toy. What was getting into her?
The next morning they both had a lie in. Mark decided to forget about what had happened last night. If she mentioned it he would pretend that he had slept right through it, maybe say that he did have a nice dream though. Something like that. Not make her upset. Just let her know he wasn't bothered. He knew that one of the things that had attracted her to him in the first place had been his self-assurance. As it turned out, she didn't say a word about it that morning. Instead she just commented on what a nice day it was and suggested that they go out shopping.
"You're not wearing that, are you?" Mark asked as she got dressed after breakfast.
All she had on was a thong, a short, low cut summer dress and a pair of high heels. She didn't even put on a bra. Her breasts were very firm but the front of the dress was cut so low that he could almost see her nipples when she leaned forward. It was just as bad from behind. When she bent over to pick up her bag he could see the cheeks of her ass. With just that thong on it appeared that she was completely naked underneath the dress.
"What's wrong with it?" she asked.
"Don't you think it's a bit revealing?"
"I guess so," she shrugged. "But what if someone in the street recognises me from the show? I can't be seen in some frumpy old gear. The character I'm playing is supposed to be real. This is how she would dress."
"Don't you think you're taking this a bit too far?" he asked.
He still hadn't seen the TV show. All he really knew about it was that she was playing some scantily clad bimbo on a juvenile, sexist pile of crap, hosted by some moronic radio DJ. He had been very tempted to watch it, especially last night, but he was still worried that if he saw it he would be so scathing of it to her that it would make her all the more resolved to stick with it. If he said nothing he was sure she would quit eventually and make good her promise to give up acting and become a homemaker.
"Taking it too far?" Tina repeated. "Was Robert de Niro taking it too far when he put on all that weight for Raging Bull?"
"Uh, yes, actually. He was," Mark said. "Anyway, what are you saying? This is like some kind of method acting?"
"Yes. Exactly," she replied.
That was precisely the way she had been viewing it, ever since that day she had let that fan of hers fuck her on the hood of her car. She had internalised the character of Ella Breen, delved deep into her psyche to uncover her animal instincts, giving them life and full blooded expression. She would go even further than de Niro, Brando, all those Method actor guys. She would take it to the limit and she would become a star like no other female actor before her.
Mark stared at his wife, who seemed lost in some kind of dream world, her eyes gazing into the distance. He decided to give up arguing and just drive them both into town. Maybe she needed some fresh air. The late nights probably weren't doing her much good.
They parked in the underground garage of the shopping precinct and Tina blinked rapidly as they made their way out into the open, beneath the blazing sun. She hadn't been out during the daytime much since she had started on the show. Only that time when the guy had recognised her. She had been on TV several more times since then and she was sure that at least one person would identify her. She was very excited about it, wondered what her husband would make of it, whether he would act less snooty now she was famous. She didn't think that any of the shops here had the kind of sexy outfits she needed but at least she could get some new shoes. Stilettos were available almost everywhere.
"Listen, darling," she said to her husband. "I'm going to pick out some shoes to wear for the show. Why don't you go have a cup of coffee and I'll meet you there in say, twenty minutes?"
"Okay, honey," he said.
He hated shoe shops. Hated all kinds of shopping in fact. And he knew that if she only took twenty minutes to pick some out then it would be a new record for her. He kissed her on the cheek, bought a newspaper and walked over to the coffee shop.
Tina entered the shop and began looking at the displays. She noticed that there weren't many customers about. A guy in his late teens wearing a blue shirt approached her and she looked at him expectantly, waiting for him to ask, 'Aren't you...' Then she noticed the 'Damien' nametag on his chest and realised that he was an assistant at the shop.
"Can I help you, ma'am?" he asked politely, though his heart was beating rapidly.
It really was her. That girl from the Jimmy Fox show. He had watched it last night, those guys on the sofa groping her tits, feeling up her pussy. And she had let them. God, she was horny. He had seen nymphomaniacs on TV before, plenty of times, but never any this sexy looking. And he had never ever met one in the flesh. He waited for her to reply, his hands beginning to sweat nervously.
She pointed to a pair of black stilettos, told him her size and asked to try them on. When he returned with the shoes she sat down on one of the chairs and took off the pumps she was wearing. Before she could reach out for the stilettos Damien had knelt down on the floor in front of her and gently lifted her heel to fit on one of the shoes. Her dress was very short and when she looked down at him she knew he was looking directly at her panties. She was sporting a black see through thong, the kind she had been wearing on the show.
Damien couldn't stop himself staring between her legs. He was so close to her pussy that he could even see the light hairs of her bush beneath the material of her panties. He knew that if his boss came back from lunch and saw him that he would be fired on the spot. He had already been warned about doing this with female customers, peeking up their skirts. He didn't think this one would complain though. She seemed to enjoy exposing herself, on TV at least.
Tina could see that the young man was breathing heavily as he stared at her bush. It amazed her how obvious he was being. He wasn't just taking sneaky glances at her. He was really staring between her legs. She could feel his hot breath on her thighs. A couple of weeks before she would have got angry with this and called the manager, but it didn't bother her so much now. In fact she found it amusing, the idea that he might jerk off later, thinking about her.
"Excuse me, uh, Damien," she said in a teasing voice. "I don't mean to disturb you but are you planning on putting the other shoe on any time soon?"
"Yes, Miss Breen," he said quickly, lifting up her other heel.
Tina suddenly realised that he had recognised her after all. It pleased her immensely. But why did he have to be so shy about letting her know? That was the trouble with people nowadays. They were too cool about things, never letting anything excite them, or at least trying not to show it if it did.
"So you watch the Jimmy Fox show, huh?" she asked, giving him a smile.
"Yes, ma'am. Last night. That interview with the Hard Strokes. That was the best. I taped it. I'm going to watch it again tonight as soon as I get home."
"Uh-huh. What did you like about it?" she asked, expecting him to compliment her on her interview technique.
"I liked the way they kept groping your tits all the time and you just let them do it."
"Oh, I see," she said, drawing back from him and pulling her knees together.
Damien could see that he had offended her somehow.
"What I meant is. You showed what a professional you are. Not many TV presenters could do something like that. Carry on while a whole group of guys are molesting you. It showed a lot of guts, determination."
"Really?" Tina beamed at him. "Do you think so?"
"Definitely," he said, relieved that she had fallen for it.
Tina was glowing. A pat on the back from her co-workers was one thing, but having her fans understand how good she was, how hard she worked, that meant more than anything. She had to repay him in some way. She leaned forward to kiss him on the cheek.
Damien couldn't stop staring down the front of her dress as she leaned over. He had the most amazing view of those firm, luscious tits of hers. He could even see her nipples, all pink and hard. He shifted uncomfortably in his kneeling position, feeling his erection pushing up against the waistband of his shorts.
Tina pulled away and immediately noticed the reaction she had caused in his pants. He had a massive bulge there. She was sure that the minute she was gone he would nip into the staff washroom and jerk off. He would probably do it again and again, for years afterwards, remembering his encounter with the TV star. Suddenly she felt her pussy juicing up with wetness. It was very arousing to have such a huge effect on someone, especially someone who really appreciated her work. She tried to imagine what Ella Breen would do to really give him something to remember her by. She quickly looked around the shop to see if anyone was around. There was no-one.
"These shoes don't fit too well," she said. "Maybe we should go into the stockroom together and I'll help you find something a little more loose. Like me."
Damien looked at her in disbelief for a few moments. Then he quickly stood up and led the way, before she changed her mind. Inside the stockroom there were stacks and stacks of shoeboxes on tall shelves lining the walls. Tina walked to the end of the row of shelves and sat on a table, facing the kid. She gently pulled the straps of her dress down over her shoulders and pulled them down, uncovering her 38DD breasts.
"You can't touch them," she said. "But you can jerk off if you want."
He didn't need asking twice. He unzipped himself, sighing gratefully as he relieved the pressure on his throbbing erection. Then he stepped forward until he was only a couple of feet away from her, his dick parallel with her huge, lovely tits. He took his thick, hard cock in the palm of his hand and stroked the shaft slowly, trying to make it last, as he stared at that beautiful chest of hers.
A minute or so later there was a noise from out in the shop calling his name. It was his manager. Tina noticed the look of frustration on his face as he tried desperately to finish off, his fist a blur as he pumped away at his cock. She felt sorry for him, wanted him to cum before his manager found them in here. She took his prick in her hands and pulled him closer towards her. Then she pressed his erection against her cleavage, wedging it between her soft, natural breasts. She looked down and saw the head of his cock poking up between her two mounds as she squeezed them together. Suddenly a thick gob of cum spurted out of the head of his prick, hitting her chin. The next burst landed higher, onto her lips, and the rest dribbled out all over her chest. She looked down at herself. She was absolutely covered in his spunk.
Suddenly she heard the manager's voice again and before she could pull her dress back up he was standing there in front of her. There were two men dressed in suits just behind him. They were both in their mid-twenties, clean shaven with a fixed grin as they gawped at her. The manager was a short man with a moustache, a bewildered expression on his face as he stared avidly at her cum splattered tits.
"What the hell is going on?" he demanded. "I go out for half an hour to meet the sales reps and I come back to this...this..."
He didn't know what to call it. Damien looked sheepishly at the floor as he quickly put away his flaccid prick.
"You want to give me one good reason why I shouldn't fire you on the spot?"
"No!" Tina said. "Please don't. It was all my fault. I made him do it."
"You made him do it?" he asked, staring at her in disbelief.
She had to be the sexiest woman he'd ever seen. Long blonde hair, cute little face. And those tits of hers were huge, looked natural too, not like the silicone bra busters he gazed at every night in the titty bar across the street. What the hell would a girl like this see in a stupid kid like Damien? Why would she follow him in here and let him jerk off all over her? She seemed concerned about him, worried that he might lose his job.
"Give me one good reason why I shouldn't can his ass right now?" he asked her.
She looked up at him, trying to think of a reason, then she shrugged despondently. As she shrugged the manager watched her tits jiggle up and down. They really were natural. He felt his cock harden instantly.
"Maybe we could come to some kind of arrangement," he said, giving her a meaningful look.
She suddenly saw the bulge at his crotch and knew just what he had in mind. She looked down at the floor, nodding almost imperceptibly. She couldn't let the kid get fired. She had only been trying to give the kid a treat, show him that she appreciated his comments about her work.
"Damien," his boss commanded. "Go out and look after the shop."
"Yes sir, Mr Harris," he said.
Tina watched the kid walk out past the two sales reps, as Harris stepped closer towards Tina, unzipping himself. She waited for him to start jerking off but he didn't. He stood there, staring between her legs meaningfully.
"Take off your panties," he ordered.
She looked into his eyes, saw that he was really serious about it. If she didn't do as he said he would fire the kid, and maybe have her arrested for public indecency too. She raised her hips slightly, reached up underneath her skirt and pulled her panties down over her ankles. She looked over the man's shoulder to see the other two men watching intently. Harris reached forward and lifted her feet up onto the edge of the desk, making her dress hike up around her waist, exposing her pussy as he spread her knees apart. His cock twitched as he gazed at her nicely trimmed bush. His hand was holding onto his erection but he hadn't even started stroking it yet. Tina hoped that he would hurry up and jerk off over her so that she could get back to her husband. Harris suddenly pushed her forward, leaning her back over the desk, then he pressed his cock up against her entrance.
"Oh no, stop. You can't," she said. "I thought you just wanted to..."
Her words were cut off as he jammed his prick deep inside her cunt, grabbing her by the ass to pull her closer as he pistoned in and out of her. He reached a hand forward to grope her chest, smearing Damien's spunk all over her tits.
"I hope you're enjoying yourself, you bastard," she hissed, looking at him coldly.
She couldn't believe this was happening to her. All she had wanted to do was spread a little happiness, give the kid something to remember her by, something more personal than an autograph. Now she was being forced to let this nasty little man fuck her. He was really nasty, but she couldn't deny that his cock felt good inside her as he thrust back and forth.
"Yeah, I am enjoying it, you little slut," he hissed at her.
He was surprised that her pussy was so tight, considering that a tart like her must have fucked dozens, maybe hundreds of men. It felt a whole lot different to the whores he screwed on a Friday night at the local brothel. He had really lucked out, getting back early from lunch to find her here.
Tina felt the man begin to speed up his thrusts. He was really putting it to her now, shoving that fat cock of his hard into her gaping pussy. She felt guilty that she was enjoying it so much, that she could feel herself about to orgasm. Before she reached her peak however, Harris suddenly groaned and she cried out as she felt his cock explode inside her, filling her up with his cum. When he pulled out of her, dripping jism down her thighs as he withdrew, she didn't feel angry any more, only frustrated.
"How about you guys?" Harris said, turning to the two men whose eyes were still trained on Tina's naked, cum splattered body. "You want to try her out? Look on it as a bonus."
Tina watched as they approached closer. She knew she should try to do something to stop them but she was too turned on now. She wanted them to fuck her, to stick their cocks inside her and give her the orgasm she so desperately needed. The taller of the two men stepped right up to her so that he was within touching distance. He ran his hand through her hair and smiled. Then he unzipped himself and pulled out his thick, meaty cock. Tina began panting in expectation as she looked at it twitching just inches in front of her.
Unconsciously she spread her legs apart in anticipation, waiting for him to thrust his prick inside her sopping wet cunt. He noticed immediately and gave her a sly grin like he knew she wanted it badly, but he didn't seem interested in her pussy. He pressed the head of his cock up against Tina's mouth, rubbing it all over her lips.
"Come on baby," he whispered. "Open wide."
Tina shook her head once but saw that the man had his mind made up. He pressed his erection more forcefully against her mouth until her lips parted and she took the head inside, her tongue licking around the underside. The man stroked her hair as she slowly took him in her mouth, inch by inch, until he could push it in and out, building up a rhythm, as he fucked her face.
Tina took hold of the base of his cock to try to slow him down, fearful that she might gag. She had only given her husband a blow job three or four times throughout the whole of her marriage and she had never really enjoyed it. It seemed different now though, dirty and depraved and sinful. It actually aroused her doing it to him, sucking some stranger's cock while two men looked on. She reached down with her other hand to run a finger against her clit. Her body jerked a little when she touched herself. She was so sensitive down there. She was dying to cum.
"That's it, you slut," the man hissed as he thrust his hips against her face. "Touch yourself. You love sucking cock, don't you?"
Tina looked at him for a moment, her eyes wide open. She felt a shiver of excitement run down her body as she heard his words. She began to frig herself with her finger, while absorbed in sucking the stranger's big, hard prick. A low mewing sound came from her throat as she felt herself about to orgasm. Just as she was about to reach her peak she heard the man groan and the first spurt of his spunk hit the back of her throat. She tried to pull back quickly but she was too late. He held her head in his hands and kept the tip of his cock jammed between her lips, forcing her to swallow every drop of his semen.
When he had finished he quickly zipped himself up and left her sitting there, panting breathlessly. As soon as she had regained her senses she noticed the other sales rep standing a few feet away. He seemed wary, unsure whether to approach her. The hell with that, she thought, I want you to fuck me. I need it.
"Come here," she said. "Take it out. Take out your cock and fuck me. Fuck my pussy. Make me cum."
The man's name was Jeff. He had been worried that the girl might cause trouble afterwards. He didn't want his wife finding out. Hearing her imploring him like that changed his mind quickly. He looked at her, small drops of cum dribbling down her chin from the edge of her lips. She was a fucking nymphomaniac. She couldn't get enough cock.
Jeff pulled out his erection and moved closer. Tina held out a hand and grabbed it by the shaft like she was worried it might disappear. In fact she just wanted to make sure he put it in her pussy and not her mouth. She was desperate to feel it there, especially when she saw how thick it was. She eased herself back on the table and guided his cock between her legs, gasping with pleasure as she felt it enter her juicy wet cunt.
"Ooooh yeah," she moaned. "That's it. That's what I want -- what I need. Give it to me. Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Please."
Jeff couldn't believe it. This horny slut was actually begging for it. She fucking loved it. He pressed forward, ramming his cock inside her as far as it would go. He eased gently back, stroking in and out of her pussy, trying to go slow, trying to make this incredible experience last as long as possible. His hands moved up her body to squeeze her tits. They were so big and so firm, with big hard nipples. He had never felt a pair of jugs like this before.
"Ohhh," Tina gasped. "Yeah. Squeeze them hard. I like that. Ooooh yeah. Fuck me. Treat me like the slut I am. Fuck me hard...long and hard and...ooooh yeah..."
Tina was bouncing her ass up and down on the table, raising her hips to meet his thrusts. Jeff leaned forward and kissed her full on the lips, pressing his tongue deep inside her mouth, ignoring the salty taste of his friend's cum. For Tina the kiss brought her over the edge. Somehow it was even more intimate, even more dirty than letting all these men fuck her. She pulled back from him and moaned loudly.
"Oh God. I'm cumming. Oh yeah, oh God...oooh yeah...I'm cumming...mmmm...yeah...make me cum...fuck me...fuck me faster...do it...do it faster..."
Jeff did as he was told, grabbing her ass to draw her nearer as he shoved his cock in right to the hilt and rammed it back and forth as hard and fast as he could. Tina's tits were jiggling about in a frenzy as she rocked around on the table, her body trembling with passion. Her body tensed up suddenly and she screamed out loud as her orgasm hit her, wave after wave of sensations centred down between her legs. She had never known anything like it. Her screams of rapture were so arousing that Jeff couldn't hold back any longer. He jammed his cock in deep one last time and a stream of semen gushed from the head of his prick, filling up her already sopping wet pussy. He groaned noisily as he felt his sperm rushing to escape his cock and find shelter in that warm, wet hole.
The three men grinned at each other as Jeff pulled himself away and zipped up his cock. Tina looked at them and then down at her ravaged pussy. There was thick white cum juices oozing out between her legs as well as all that left on her thighs and her tits by the other men. Harris gave her a self satisfied grin then handed her a towel to wipe the cum stains off her body. She suddenly thought about her husband. Even as she wiped the four men's juices from her body she knew that she must stink of sex.
She ignored their requests for an encore and rushed past them, rearranging her clothes as she left the shop. She brushed past the kid, Damien, just outside the stockroom. He gave her a smile and she winked back at him then gave him a kiss on the cheek. What else could she do? Blame him for getting her into that situation? It wasn't his fault. And anyway, she'd be lying if she said that she hadn't enjoyed it. She didn't know what had come over her in there, apart from the obvious, of course. When she begged that last guy to fuck her she had really meant it. She hadn't been playing a part, acting like she thought her character, Ella Breen, would have behaved. She had done it instinctively. Maybe deep down she was more like Ella than she would have cared to admit. Maybe she was just a horny little slut.
She set off to the perfume store a few doors down. Once inside she took every sample available and sprayed herself with it. The mixture was less than appealing but at least it took away the smell of semen that was overpowering her. She could still taste it in her mouth and hoped that her husband wouldn't kiss her until after she had taken plenty of mouthwash. Once she was as ready as she could be she headed for the café to meet her husband.
Part 3
The moment Tina came out of the perfume shop she ran into her husband, Mark.
"I thought you were going to have a coffee?" she asked innocently.
"Yeah, I did. Half an hour ago. What took you so long?"
What was she going to say? Oh, well, I just let this kid jerk off over my tits in a stockroom and then I sucked some other guy's cock and I let another couple of guys fuck me in there too. That's what took me so long.
"You know what I'm like when I'm shopping," she said finally. She could hardly tell him the truth.
"What did you buy then?"
"Uh, nothing in the end."
"Jesus, Tina," Mark said, leaning closer to sniff at her. "You smell like a brothel. Why'd you put on so much perfume?"
To cover up the smell of those four men's cum all over my body. That's why.
"I guess I did put on too much," is what she said. "Anyway, I fancy a drink. You want another coffee?"
Mark shrugged and they headed for the ground floor of the shopping centre. As they walked together past the rows of shops, she noticed several men staring at her. They must recognise me, she thought. They're just too shy to come up and say anything, especially as Mark's with me. It was unbelievable but even after what she had just been through she still felt a massive thrill at the thought of these men recognising her.
She noticed a young black man wearing a baseball cap who was really staring hard at her. As she passed by him she turned her head over her shoulder and gave him her brightest smile, acknowledging to him that it really was her, the girl from the TV, Ella Breen, super slut. The man gave her a wink by way of reply and she moved on with her husband to the coffee shop, where they sat down at the back. There was a copy of the latest Celebrities Uncovered magazine discarded on the seat beside her. She picked it up and leafed through it.
"Oh no," Mark said, snatching it out of her hand. "You're not reading one of those scandal sheets are you? Jesus. I can't understand why people buy this sort of crap."
Tina didn't bother to reply. She sipped her coffee and watched her husband open the magazine and flick through the pages, shaking his head in disgust. Suddenly a look of total shock appeared on his face.
"What's the matter?" she asked, but he ignored her and carried on reading until he had finished the page.
He handed the magazine over to her and she looked at the headline. ELLA BREEN SCANDAL QUEEN. On the facing page was a camera shot of Tina at the TV studio, leaning forward showing lots of cleavage, with her short skirt exposing her see through panties. She read through the article, unable to believe that she was in a celebrity magazine.
Self-styled super slut, Ella Breen, star of the Jimmy Fox TV show, cemented her burgeoning reputation this week with an alfresco encounter in a parking lot. Busty blonde Ella, 24, has been regaling viewers every night with tales of wild sex and shameless depravity. According to our sources she hasn't been exaggerating.
Jimmy Trimble, 20, an unemployed carpet fitter, told us his story exclusively. "I was in this lingerie store, buying something for my girlfriend's birthday, when I saw Ella buying some naughty underwear. I'd watched the show the night before and I couldn't believe that she's as sexy in real life as on TV.
"We got to talking and I told her how much I'd liked the show. Then she dragged me out to the parking lot and jumped onto the hood of her car. She pulled down her dress and showed me those gorgeous breasts of hers. Then she made me touch them and lick them all over. Then she told me to take her panties off and make love to her, right there in broad daylight. I couldn't say no, even though I've got a steady girlfriend. She was wild. I'd never seen a woman so depraved before."
Mike Browning, 32, and Trevor Saltash, 35, both construction workers, backed up Jimmy's story and had their own tale to tell. "We pulled into the parking lot to grab some lunch from across the street," said Mike. "I looked out the window as we parked and I saw this girl lying back on the hood of her car, her legs locked around this guy. He was really putting it to her and we could hear her screaming and hollering for more, like she couldn't get enough. We didn't know it was some TV star. We just thought it was a horny young couple.
"Then, when they've finished she sees us watching, beckons us over and tells us she wants us to do it to her too. Well, we weren't going to say no. We took turns with her. She loved every minute of it. I reckon if there'd been any other guys around she'd have done it with them too. She could have taken on a whole army, the mood she was in."
Tina read through the whole thing. It wasn't strictly true what they had said but she realised that it didn't matter. Publicity was all important and this was great exposure for her. Suddenly she felt her husband's eyes upon her. She had to make something up, couldn't let him know it had actually happened.
"Oh yes," she said, improvising quickly. "I knew there was going to be something like this. The publicity department made it up. It's just to get people talking about me, about the show."
"I know that," he said. "I'm not stupid. What concerns me is that some people might believe it. You can see how it would reflect on me. If anyone at the college found out you're my wife, I could lose my job."
"How are they going to find out?" she asked. "No one's going to know you're married to Ella Breen. It's not like I use my real name."
"Still, you can see why I'm worried," he said, taking the magazine and looking at it again. "And what about this photo? Jesus. Your tits are practically falling out and your panties are all on view. Are you always dressed like this on the show?"
"I guess so," she shrugged. "But they must have just printed that frame because it showed so much, accidentally."
Of course it wasn't accidental. She had been told by the producers to expose herself as much as possible or else lose her job. She didn't really have much choice about it, though Mark wasn't to know that.
"Right," he said. "Well, I'm going to start watching the show in future. Keep an eye on what you're doing. Okay?"
"Okay," she replied. She didn't know what else to say.
The following Monday, Tina received a message from the studio asking her to arrive an hour earlier than usual. She was asked to attend a production meeting. The moment she arrived at the meeting room, everyone in attendance stood up and cheered. There were seven men there in all; the producer, director, editor, Jimmy Fox, a couple of the writers and some guy she hadn't met before. She noticed immediately that there was a copy of that Celebrities Uncovered magazine laid out at each of their desks.
"I think I owe you an apology, Tina," the producer, Mr Trellis said. "I thought you didn't have what it takes for this show, but you've proved me wrong. Damn, we couldn't buy this sort of publicity."
"But the story's not true," Tina protested. "I mean, it didn't happen like that. I never..."
"You never let those three guys fuck you?"
Tina paused. She had of course, but she didn't want them all to know that. Trellis seemed to take her silence for an admission.
"Hey," he said. "You better be more forthcoming tonight when Jimmy asks you about it on air. Give all the juicy details. Make it up if you like. Make it even dirtier. Add a few more guys. Jesus, this story sets us up beautifully for the live gangbang next month. Which is why I called this meeting. We're going to bring it forward a little. Tonight we start advertising the event. You're going to do a little spiel telling the world about what we got planned. Ella Breen takes on ten men live on TV. Soon as the media get hold of this they're going to go ballistic over it. You'll be on the front page of every tabloid in the country. You'll be famous, Tina. A fucking bona fide superstar."
Tina's mind was reeling as she thought about the possibilities. What happened in the parking lot could turn out to be the best thing that ever happened to her.
"I tell you what though, Tina," Trellis continued. "Next time you feel a hankering to screw a bunch of guys in a public place, make sure there's a cameraman around. If there's pictures available the tabloid's will be even more likely to run extra stories on your sex life."
Tina blushed, wondering if the incident in the shoe store would be reported too. Well, she thought, even if it was, she could insist to her husband that it was more PR bullshit. She still wasn't sure about this live on air gangbang though and voiced her concerns to Bob Ford, the director.
"Come on Tina, we've already explained all this. You won't actually be in there fucking the guys. It'll be an illusion, like a magic trick. Soon as the publicity dies down after the event we show the audience how it was done. Okay? Good. Now here's the script for tonight. Why don't you head along to make up and start reading through it?"
Tina took the script from Bob and walked out of the meeting room. Once she was gone the editor asked the director what he was talking about with that 'magic trick' stuff.
"Forget about it. Just a line we've been feeding her."
"So, she is gonna have to fuck all those guys then?"
"Of course she is. Shit, what would the viewers think if we conned them like that?"
"You sure she'll go through with it though?"
"You see that lust for fame in her eyes? She'll do it. I'll stake my reputation on it."
That night Mark Connolly stayed up to watch his wife on the Jimmy Fox show for the first time. He knew what to expect, but still, nothing could have prepared him for what he encountered. Tina was dressed like some kind of street whore, all in leather. She wore thigh high boots, a tiny mini-skirt and a corset which was fit so tight that her tits were spilling out over the top. Mark was just getting over the sight of his wife dressed like that on national television when Jimmy Fox began to interview her about the story in that magazine.
"So, Ella," he began. "What's this we hear about you having sex with three different guys in a parking lot the other week?"
"Oh, you know how it is Jimmy," she replied. "When I feel horny I do get a bit wild."
"So you felt that one man wasn't enough for you?"
"Well, the first guy was pretty good. He did make me cum, but I guess I'm just insatiable. Doing it in public turns me on and when I realised that the other two guys had seen us I thought they ought to join in the party. The more the merrier, I always say."
"And they were complete strangers?"
"Yes, well, I did talk to the first guy for a couple of minutes beforehand. He was a fan of the show and I thought he deserved something more intimate than just an autograph."
"You do like to please your fans, don't you?"
"I sure do, Jimmy."
"So, are you going to be making a habit of this?"
"Well, I don't know," she said, then turned directly to the camera. "Of course I'd like to do it with every single one of you. God, that would be great. But, you know how it is. So many men, so little time."
"Maybe we should have a little competition," Jimmy said. "Let some of the viewers have a chance to get you into bed. What do you say?"
"Wow. That would be great."
Mark continued to watch as his wife came up with the idea that ten guys should fuck her live on television. At first he thought it was just some kind of joke but then Jimmy Fox gave out a telephone number and asked the viewers to call it if they wanted the chance of humping her live on TV. That evening Mark stayed up until 2am, waiting for Tina to come home. He had forgotten all about the slutty clothes she had worn on the show. His main concern was this live gangbang she had talked about. He asked her about it the moment she walked through the front door.
"Oh, Mark," she said. "Don't worry about it. It's a PR stunt. That's all."
"Like the magazine article you mean?"
"Uhm, yeah," she lied. "Like the article."
"So you won't actually be doing it?"
"No. It's like this. There's going to be this curtained four poster bed in the middle of the studio and there'll be ten guys waiting to join me inside. But I won't actually be in there. They're getting some porn actress to do it."
"She'll be actually fucking them?"
"Uh, I don't know. I guess so. The whole thing's going to be rigged anyway. All the guys will be porn actors. It's just a prank really, but it's going to be great for ratings."
"But still, Jesus, Tina. It's crazy. What will everyone think of you? Christ it's bad enough the way you act on that program anyway, but now every guy who sees you on the street is going to think you're up and ready for anything. God, they must think you're a nymphomaniac."
"Relax. I know how to handle myself. And anyway, after it's over there's going to be a follow up program, showing how it was set up, how it was all just a prank. And there's going to be so much coverage, I'll be famous by then. Or pretty famous. Enough to be able to quit the show and get other work, easy. So, what I'm going to do is tell the world that I'm actually a happily married actress and that it was all acting that I was doing."
Mark still didn't like the whole idea of it and he and his wife spent the next hour arguing over it. Finally Tina agreed that however things went that after this follow up program on the "gangbang" was aired that she would quit the show. Whether she was famous or not, whether she offered more serious roles or not.
For the next few weeks there was an uneasy truce between them. Mark had asked her to tone down her clothing and language on the show but she refused, saying that the excessive behaviour was the whole point and she was merely showcasing her talents to other directors and producers. The fact was that she was becoming very well known. Her picture was hardly ever out of the tabloids now and she was spending several evenings a week attending glitzy parties and premieres where she would be photographed by the paparazzi. Barely a day went by when Mark didn't see an image of his wife dressed in the sluttiest of costumes, her tits spilling out over her top, her panties on display beneath a very short skirt.
In the beginning it drove him crazy but after a while, to his surprise, he found himself becoming aroused. Each day at work he would find some newspaper or magazine lying around the college with his wife's almost naked body plastered over its pages. Then, in the evenings, he would watch her recounting her latest adventures to that fool Jimmy Fox. The stories she made up were incredible, all about her fucking a bunch of different guys that she'd only just met. It was all being geared up to publicise this live gangbang and the telephone number to call to participate was flashed on the bottom of the screen throughout the whole show. On a couple of occasions he even masturbated as he watched his wife pretending to be a complete nymphomaniac.
Those weeks were incredible for Tina. She had become an overnight star and the very first day after the story of her proposed gangbang came out she was mobbed in the street. One man recognised her as she walked out of her car to the TV studio and suddenly there were men crowding all around her. She signed a few autographs for them and flirted with them, like she thought her character, Ella, would do. She felt exhilarated by the experience.
One of the men asked for a photograph and put his arm around her while his friend took a snap. As the man embraced her she felt his hand gently squeeze her breast. Suddenly there were hands all over her, groping her tits, feeling up her ass, and even trying to get at her pussy. She felt her dress being torn away from her and then her bra was unfastened and ripped off. By the time she broke free from the crowd and made her way up the steps to the TV studio she was left in only her panties, and they were halfway down her thighs.
When the studio bosses found out what had happened they immediately assigned Tina a bodyguard, named Anthony. He was a huge mountain of a man. Six feet five inches tall with a barrel of a chest and arms thicker than her waist. Tina felt safe with him and for the next few weeks they went everywhere together. He escorted her to and from work, to all the parties she attended, even when she went shopping for groceries he was there. Tina didn't want her husband to know that she needed a bodyguard so whenever she was out with Mark, Anthony kept at a distance, ready to intervene if necessary. She also took the precaution of wearing dark glasses, dowdy clothes and no make up when she was out with Mark, and thankfully nobody recognised her.
When she was with just the bodyguard though, that was a different matter. She felt so safe and sound with him beside her that whenever she was approached by any of her fans she could behave as outrageously as she wanted, flirting with them, teasing them and even letting them have a feel of her tits when she was in the mood. She told herself that it was still only acting and that she had no reason to feel guilty about it. Her husband was getting the benefit anyway. Fame was acting as a powerful aphrodisiac on her, as was the fact that she was being kissed and fondled by strangers every day of the week. Lately, every time she saw her husband she would jump on him immediately, pulling down her panties and begging to be fucked.
Mark was almost sorry that the day finally came around for the live gangbang. His and Tina's sex life had improved radically over the last few weeks. Of course he was pleased that it meant that she would soon be quitting the show but still, he couldn't deny that it had been fun, despite his misgivings early on. When he got home that evening Tina had already left for the studio. Mark couldn't wait to tune into the program later to see how well they faked the gangbang. He decided to while away a couple of hours in the local bar to take his mind off it. He ordered a beer and sat on a stool next to a bunch of young men and the first thing he heard them talk about was Tina, or rather Ella.
"Oh man," one of them said. "I can't wait to see it tonight. I wish I was one of those guys."
"Yeah," another one agreed. "Did you call up to take part? I did. Shit. I'd give anything to fuck that sexy bitch."
"If only we knew where she lives. We could just knock on her door and ask for it. She's a fucking nympho, man. She'd take us all on, no questions asked."
"Uh, excuse me guys," Mark couldn't stop himself interrupting. "She's not actually a nymphomaniac at all. She's just an actress. And a happily married one at that."
"Oh yeah? Well, her husband must have to get in the queue then, seeing as how she's fucking other guys all the time."
"You mean those stories she tells on the show? They're just stories."
"What about the stuff in the papers, then?"
"Just made up by the publicity department."
"Uh-huh. Okay, what about the damn photos then? You saying they're made up too. Look at this. Today's paper."
The man passed Mark a tabloid newspaper, or what passed for a newspaper. There were actually about two pages of news in there. The rest was celebrity gossip and pornographic imagery and stories. The man opened it onto the middle of the page where there was a photo spread containing closed circuit television footage.
Mark looked closely at the grainy images. They seemed to have been taken in some kind of stockroom, with shelves of boxes stacked around. There was a woman sitting on a bench or a desk, her dress bunched up around her midriff, exposing her tits and her pussy. Mark immediately recognised the woman as his wife. The next photo showed a man plunging his cock inside her while two other men looked on. Mark glanced at the rest of the photos. In each one his wife was either being fucked or giving a blow job as the others watched. He looked again at the magnified image of the woman's face. It was his wife all right. Of course he knew that photographs could be easily manipulated these days, but somehow he knew instinctively that they hadn't been faked.
He held the paper tightly in his hands and fled from the bar, ignoring the young men shouting something at him as he ran out. Despite hearing all of Tina's imaginary shenanigans on the TV show he had never even dreamt that some of it might have been for real. Jesus, he thought for a moment, as he hailed a cab to take him to the TV studio. Maybe all those stories were true. He had to confront her, right away.
Just as her husband was making his way through the early evening traffic, Tina was in her dressing room at the studio, the make up artist applying the finishing touches to her eyeliner. She hoped that tonight would go off without a hitch. It was very important to her that no one knew that the gangbang was going to be faked, not until afterwards when they could tell the world it was all a stunt. She didn't have much of a script tonight. A quick interview with Jimmy Fox, to tell him how much she was gagging to have all those ten men inside her. Then she'd disappear behind the curtain, sneak back to her dressing room and then return when it was all over.
She thought about the woman who was actually going to fuck all those men. Tina hadn't met her yet and hoped that the girl would hang around the set afterwards. Tina wanted to ask her what it was like. She hadn't actually seen the men either. She supposed that they were all gearing themselves up for it, keeping their minds on the job in hand.
Tina was dressed in a sheer black baby doll nightdress. It was completely see through and her large firm breasts could be clearly seen. She had fought with the producer about wearing a bra, but he had insisted that she do without. She wasn't keen on showing so much flesh but she decided that she may as well grin and bare it. The producer was a hard man to argue with. Suddenly the assistant director burst into her dressing room and told her that they were on air in ten minutes. Tina made a silent prayer that things would go according to plan and then pulled on a robe and walked towards the set.
Meanwhile her husband was stuck on the ground floor of the studio building. He couldn't believe the amount of people who were there. They all seemed to be viewers of the Jimmy Fox show, and more particularly, fans of Ella Breen. Many of them had placards and posters of his wife and some were insisting that they had to see her. One of them insisted that he was one of the lucky ten who were participating but had lost his pass, which brought a hearty laugh from the cordon of security blocking their path. Mark was about ready to give up and go home when he remembered something Tina had said about a fire drill that had taken place here. The fire escape on the roof led onto the next building along.
Mark quickly forced himself through the crowd and entered the building next door. There was one security guard there but he didn't even raise an eyebrow as Mark calmly walked past him and headed for the elevator. In five minutes he was inside the TV studio, standing at the back looking onto the set where a large four poster bed took center stage.
"Hey, you," a voice called out to him.
He was about to run when he was grabbed from behind.
"You're coming with me," the man said. "Jesus. I've been looking all over for you. You got your pass? Ah, forget it. We're on air in five minutes. I'm the floor manager. You already missed the briefing, but hell, all you got to do is stand in line and fuck the girl. You know how to do that, don't you?"
The man led him to a room at the side of the stage where nine men were standing around, each of them wearing robes.
"Okay guys," he said to them. "We're nearly ready for you. Remember, when you get called then you walk to the stage in single file."
He gave them each a number and told them what order they were going in. Mark was last in line.
"No arguments, okay. Right. Now, you," he said, pointing to Mark. "Take your clothes off and put a robe on. Soon as the guy in front of you comes out from behind the curtain, you go in. All right."
"Uh, wait a minute," Mark said.
"What is it now? Jesus. You too nervous? You want us to get a replacement? There's dozens of guys downstairs itching for the chance to fuck Ella Breen. Hey, look, I'll just call security, ask them to throw you out and bring up another guy. That what you want?"
"No, no, I just..."
"Whatever. Just get your clothes off."
The man stood there in silence, his arms folded, blocking the door. Mark looked at the other men. They were all different ages, shapes and sizes. Some fat, some thin, some good looking, some downright ugly. He pitied the girl who was actually going to be on the bed pretending to be his wife. The floor manager was staring at him intently and he had to take off his clothes as he tried to think of a way to get out of this situation without being thrown out. Before he knew it they were all being called onstage. The first nine men filed out of the room while he stayed where he was.
"Hey!" the floor manager shouted. "Get a move on, will you?"
"I can't."
"Why not? Shit. I knew you were going to be trouble. You got stage fright? Forget about it. You're going to be fucking Ella Breen, you lucky dog. All right? Now move!"
He pushed Mark through the door and marshalled him to the side of the stage where the other men stood in line waiting. Suddenly Mark saw his wife on one of the monitors. She was sat with Jimmy Fox, telling him how excited she felt, how she couldn't wait to get down and dirty with all those men. He looked at that skimpy little outfit she wore, how her big, beautiful tits showed through the sheer material, and he felt his cock begin to stir.
Meanwhile, the producer, Mr Trellis, and the director, Bob Ford, were stood behind the camera, watching Tina's interview with Jimmy Fox.
"This damn well better work," Trellis said.
"Don't worry about it. It's going to go like clockwork."
"Are you going to explain it to Tina beforehand?"
"Yeah. I'll give her some story. She'll be fine."
"All the cameras set up?"
"Of course. We got about eight hidden cameras in that four poster bed. Every conceivable angle. The video's gonna sell like hot cakes. All the uncut action the viewers never saw. Shit, we'll be fucking rich."
"And it's all in the contract? We don't need to pay her extra?"
"Boiler plate. She didn't even read it through before signing. And it's been checked by the most expensive lawyers in the country."
"Good. Good. Hey, he's wrapping it up."
The two of them watched as Jimmy finished his little talk with Tina and asked the audience to give her a round of applause. In actual fact, tonight's show was being filmed on a closed set but the sound man flicked the applause switch on his console and a chorus of handclaps, whoops and cheers filled the stage.
"Thank you, ladies and gentlemen," Jimmy Fox said direct to the camera. "And now, after this short commercial break, Ella Breen will be making history. The first ever live gangbang on television! Don't touch that remote, you hear?"
Bob Ford ran onto the stage and put his arm around Tina.
"You okay, honey?" he asked.
"Yes, I'm fine. Are those the guys?" she pointed to the ten men in the distance who were lined up near the bed on the center stage. "Well, yes, of course they are. Stupid question. But where's the girl? I haven't seen her yet."
"That's what I came over to talk to you about. We've got a slight problem. She hasn't shown up."
"What?! But we're nearly on in a minute. What are we going to do?"
"There's only one thing we can do, honey. It's too late to get another double. You'll have to stay in the bed."
"Oh no," she insisted. "I'm not going to let all those men take turns fucking me."
"Hey, Tina. Come on. I wouldn't force you to do something you're uncomfortable with, would I?"
"I don't know."
"No. Of course I wouldn't. The thing is, somebody's got to be in there. There's going to be lights and a camera trained on the curtains. It'll all be in silhouette. You don't have to have sex with them all. We just need you to simulate it."
"Oh, I see. And the guys all know, do they?"
"Sure they do. They're all professionals, like I told you before. It's all rigged, remember? Okay, so you just need to lie on the bed while they come in one by one. Nothing to worry about. It'll be a cinch."
"I don't know, Bob. You said it was going to be different. Now you want me in there with them. You want them to lie on top of me and pretend to have sex. What if they go too far?"
"Hey, Tina, listen. You want to be in showbiz, right? You want to be a star? Okay, what's the first, the most important motto for a showbiz star? The show must go on. Right? Am I right or am I right?"
"I guess so, Bob, but..."
"No buts. Now go do it."
Bob disappeared behind the camera and seconds later they were back on air. Jimmy Fox escorted her over to the four poster bed, telling the viewers at home that history was about to be made. Tina couldn't bring herself to look at the men lined up nearby. She just hoped that they were all professional and wouldn't mess things up. The sound man pressed the applause switch once more and that was Tina's cue. She opened up the curtain and climbed up onto the bed, lying down on her back.
Seconds later she was joined by the first man. He was tall and slender and pretty good looking, aged about thirty. He grinned at her and she gave him a little embarrassed shrug. She didn't know what else to do. Suddenly he pulled off his robe and Tina gasped at the sight of his erect cock. She hadn't expected that. She thought that they'd all be wearing something underneath their robes. Some kind of jockstrap or something. If he lay on top of her naked she would have to feel his thing digging at her flesh. The man was kneeling on all fours, slowly making his way towards her on the mammoth bed.
"Did the director explain things to you?" she whispered to him very quietly as he approached.
"Oh yeah," he said. "He told me how you liked it. Rough and hard and fast."
Suddenly the man reached forward and grabbed at her panties, pulling them halfway down her thighs, exposing her pussy to his lust filled eyes.
"What are you doing?" she said, grasping her underwear and trying to pull it back up.
"What do you think?" he said, gripping her panties tighter and ripping them off her completely.
Suddenly she realised that he was going to do it. He was going to fuck her whether she liked it or not. She looked at his thick hard cock, jutting proudly from between his legs. She had two choices. She could get the hell out of there, or she could let him have his way with her. They were on live television. If she called a halt to it then the whole thing would be a disaster. She would be exposed as a fake, and not on her own terms. Everything she had been dreaming of would evaporate. Her mind thought things through quickly and within seconds she had made her decision.
"Come on then, big boy," she said fiercely as she spread her legs wide before him. "Take me. Do it to me. Fuck me good and hard."
If she was going to let it happen she was going to put on a performance. She was Ella Breen. She was a slut. A nymphomaniac. A horny bitch who loved sex. A loud gasp came from the back of her throat as he lunged forward, his big, meaty cock sliding between the folds of her pussy, entering her to the hilt in one hard motion. She raised her voice as she succumbed to the pleasure of the man's cock inside her.
"Oh yeah," she moaned. "That's it. I love it. I love your cock inside me. Fuck me baby. Fuck me real good."
Tina grabbed hold of his buttocks and drew him deeper inside her, feeling herself become more and more aroused. She hadn't wanted this to happen, but now that it was then she might just as well lay back and enjoy it. The man started to maul at her tits, pulling at the straps of her baby doll nightdress to expose her nipples to his gaze. He was really pounding it to her now and before long she felt his buttocks tense up beneath her hands. She screamed out loud as she felt the head of his cock expand inside her and the first spurt of his cum hit the walls of her pussy.
He quickly withdrew, huge gobs of jism dripping from his cock all over her thighs as he climbed off her prone body. As he rapidly pulled on his robe and made his way through the curtain she leaned over to pick up her discarded panties. They were ripped at the waistband but she placed them over her dripping wet pussy anyway, hoping that the next man would be more professional. She figured that the first guy had just been over excited at the thought of doing it with a famous star and he couldn't stop himself.
Within seconds the next man had climbed onto the bed and pulled off his robe. He was in his mid forties, with an acne scarred face. She wondered what kind of porn actors these people were. They looked just like the average man in the street. She looked down and saw that he wasn't wearing any underwear either, but at least he didn't have an erection.
He climbed on top of her and mashed his lips against hers, forcing his tongue between her lips. She tried to pull her head away but she couldn't move. Suddenly she felt his cock harden against her thigh and he reached down to get her panties out of the way. Before she knew what was happening he was inside her, ramming away at her wet pussy as his tongue rolled around in her mouth. His erection had instantly sprang up from nowhere and it disappeared in the same way the moment he came inside her, shooting all his sticky juices deep in her cunt.
Tina had had her eyes shut the whole time and now, when she opened them she saw that another man was already on the bed. He had come through the curtain even before the other had left. He was tall and muscular and looked at her with obvious lust. She saw him stare at the spunk dribbling out of her pussy and when he pulled off his robe it came as no surprise to see that his cock was hard and ready for action. The man took hold of her legs and lifted them up onto his shoulders. Then he plunged his cock into her wet pussy and leaned forward, driving it as deep inside her as he could.
Suddenly she realised that Bob hadn't told them about the change of plans. They all must have thought she was the body double, the one who was supposed to fuck them. But surely at least one of them would have recognised her. She looked up at the man humping away at her pussy. His eyes were locked on hers, a look of adoration on his face. In a moment of insight she finally comprehended the truth of the situation. She had been set up. This was the way it had been planned all along. There was no body double. These guys weren't porn actors. They were viewers, fans of hers, guys who dreamt about her when they jerked off, guys who desperately wanted to fuck her.
She thought about the events of the last few weeks. How she had let three men fuck her in a parking lot. How four men had used her body in that shoe store stockroom. Now she was supposed to take on ten men. Was it any worse? There was no backing out of it now. No point in calling a halt to proceedings after three men had already fucked her. She might as well let them get on with it. She might as well enjoy the experience.
"Go on then," she whispered to him. "Do it to me. Fuck me with your dick. Go on."
Her words spurred him on to fuck her harder. He pressed forward again, going in even deeper so that his balls slammed against her ass with each of his thrusts. Tina bucked wildly against him, getting into the spirit of things, allowing herself to be part of the moment. She thought about how dirty and depraved it was and that just made her feel even hotter.
"Oh yeah," she moaned. "Harder. Come on. Fuck me hard."
The man suddenly groaned and Tina screamed as she felt his cock burst inside her, a fountain of jism spurting into her cunt as he emptied his balls. When the next man entered she knew exactly what to expect, and what to do.
"Hi," she whispered seductively. "I'm Ella Breen. And I want your cock. Now!"
Seconds later his robe was off and he was inside her, humping away as she held him tightly, drawing him deeper inside her. By now she was fully into the swing of things, feeling the dirty pleasures of being fucked by so many men. The thought that thousands and thousands of viewers were watching it all take place live excited her even more and she moaned out loud as her first orgasm hit her. She soon lost count of how many men had come into the bed and cum inside her. She had no idea how many were still waiting outside to have their way with her but the mood she was in she felt like she could take on dozens of them.
Meanwhile, her husband was stood in what was left of the queue outside the bed, naked but for his robe. He had been staring at the silhouette of the shapes on the bed. It was obvious that the girl was really being fucked by all these men. He figured that there was some kind of secret exit behind the curtain, like in those magic shows and he had no idea where his wife was now. He kept trying to sneak out of the line to go look for her but two of the crew members were keeping a close eye on all the guys, making sure that none of them got cold feet and walked out.
As the line diminished he began to panic about what he should do. He couldn't go in there and fuck the girl like the others had, especially as his wife was somewhere around on the set. She was bound to find out. On the other hand, why was he here anyway? Because he knew that she had been fucking around herself. The images he had seen in that magazine came back to him. His wife splayed out naked in that storeroom, letting those guys do her. He had even seen the cum stains all over her tits and her belly. It was unbelievable.
The girl in the bed probably looked just like his wife had in the photos. She was probably covered in cum by now. There was only one other man left in the queue, which meant that she had had eight men already. Mark's cock was fully erect now as he pictured her lying there waiting for more. He didn't know what this body double looked like so the face he imagined was his wife's. He thought about his wife being in there, fucking all those guys and his cock throbbed painfully. If he had been anywhere else he'd have rushed to the nearest toilet and jerked off. As it was, he decided he was going to do it. He was going to go in there and fuck the girl, whether his wife found out or not.
Suddenly the director rushed up to the two of them left in the queue and told them to get behind the curtain.
"Listen, you two. We're running out of time," Bob Ford said. "We got about ten minutes of air time left. Both of you just go in there and fuck that girl's brains out, okay? You don't have to fuck her pussy. Use her mouth. Jerk off on her tits. Whatever you like. Hey, maybe one of you can cum on her face. That'll look great when Jimmy interviews her on the bed at the end of the show. Okay, now take off your robes and get in there."
Bob gave them a gentle push in front of the camera and the tall, bald man in front of Mark quickly opened up the curtain and went inside. Mark looked sheepishly at the camera, only now realising that he could be seen on national television, that his students and colleagues would all see him taking part in this sex show. Fuck it, he thought to himself. He was feeling so horny that he didn't care any more. He opened the curtain and climbed onto the bed.
Once inside he saw that the bald man had thrown off his robe and was feeding a huge cock into the girl's mouth. The man who had already been in here with her was still lying on top of her, his buttocks humping up and down in a frenzy. The girl's face and body was almost completely obscured by the two men but he could tell from her muffled moans that she was enjoying herself. Mark moved closer up the bed and pulled the man who was fucking her back a little so that he could reach under and feel her tits. They were big and firm, just like his wife's, and he began to stroke his cock with one hand while playing with her hardened nipples.
The girl was sucking the bald man's cock really hard and Mark saw that he was thrusting forward, pushing it deeper down her throat. Suddenly she gagged and pulled back her head, which was the moment when Mark saw his wife's face lying on the pillow. Tina stared back into her husband's eyes. What on earth was he doing here? Then she looked down at his hand stroking his erection as he played with her tits and thought what did it matter. As long as his cock was hard and it was going to be inside her any minute now.
Mark tried to act surprised when he saw her, but he was well aware that he had only been fooling himself. He knew very well that it was his wife in there all along. While standing next to the curtain he had heard her whimpering and moaning as all those men fucked her. He had listened to the sounds of intense pleasure and knew they came from Tina, not some impostor. He had pretended to himself that he didn't know because he didn't want to put a stop to it. He wanted to listen to her do it. Listen and watch and then fuck her himself.
Tina smiled at Mark when she saw the awesome look of lust in his eyes. Then she grabbed the bald man's cock and stuffed it quickly in her mouth, making eye contact with her husband all the while she sucked on another man's prick. After a short while she had to pull away once more as she screamed out loud. The man humping her pussy was groaning as he let loose a torrent of spunk inside her ravaged cunt. He hammered back and forth into her as he gave her every last drop of his semen. Once it was over Tina smiled at her husband and beckoned him to get on top of her.
"I'm Ella Breen," she said. "And I want you to fuck me. Like all the others have."
Mark quickly mounted her, jabbing his cock deep inside her, feeling the wetness of all that cum floating about in her pussy.
"Come on," she ordered. "Do it to me. Fuck me hard. Real hard. Just like the rest of them. I'm a dirty little slut, so fuck me."
She took the bald man's cock in her mouth again and began running her hand up and down the shaft while she looked into her husband's eyes. Mark hammered into her, squeezing her luscious tits while he watched her sucking the man's cock in a frenzy. Before long he started to groan and he held her face in his hands while he exploded into her mouth. Mark saw his wife's eyes grow huge and round as she felt it hit the back of her throat and she tried to swallow it all down. It began to dribble out of the corners of her lips and the man pulled out, the rest of his jism spurting out all over her face.
The sight of all that cum over his wife's face made Mark's balls tighten up instantly. Tina felt the head of his cock expand inside her and knew he was about to cum. She writhed around underneath him, bucking her hips against him, drawing him deeper inside her until he shot his load deep, deep down inside her, filling her up with his juices. She moaned softly as she experienced her third orgasm and then lay back down on the bed, exhausted but satisfied beyond all measure.
Before Mark knew what was happening he and the bald man were being pulled off the bed and given their robes. As he climbed off the bed he realised that he didn't care if he was seen on the TV, didn't care if people found out that his wife was this nympho known as Ella Breen. All he cared about was that he loved her and loved her new slutty ways. Mark was lined up outside the bed with all the other men and then the curtains around the bed were pulled down. Jimmy Fox came over to interview Tina as she lay there naked and covered in the jism of so many men.
"So, Ella," Jimmy said, thrusting the microphone in her face. "Looks like you had quite a time."
Tina suddenly realised that there was no way now that she would ever be taken as a serious actress or television presenter. She would now be forever known as the nymphomaniac who let ten men fuck her live on TV. In future she would only ever find work doing porn, having many, many different men fucking her pussy and her mouth and her ass so that other men could jerk off while they watched her. The men she worked with would all be experienced professionals with huge cocks. There was no way now that she was going to be the next Meryl Streep, but what the hell. She was going to have the time of her life.