I climbed in to the shower with Suzi as the water cascaded down her heavenly curves. Water droplets fell from her upturned aroused nipples, as a sheen of clear water shined her tanned smooth skin.
I kissed my wife gently as her lips responded to mine, as we began to softly chew and nibble each others lips.
Suzi leant against the tiled wall of the bathroom, water pouring on her glorious body as I stepped between her opened legs. My hard cock was directly at her shaved opening, as she gently pushed her pussy on to my hard cock. Suzi was moaning delightfully as my cock entered her, her hot tight wetness shrouding my length. We began to fuck each other very slowly, Suzi sporting a seductive smile with half closed eyes. We were both looking in to each others eyes, when Suzi began to whisper softly.
"I knew you've always wanted me to fuck other guys but were never brave enough to suggest it. I've seen countless websites you've left on your laptop dedicated to hot wife's and cheating sluts.
When you made the wager with me last night, I went to the ladies room and propositioned the guy who fucked me. He agreed and we arranged a time for our impromptu meeting. He was actually in the lift coming down to the pool with me. He kissed me in the lift and played with my tits, then I headed off to my sun lounger while he waited behind for a few minutes to keep you off the scent!"
I grinned at Suzi and began to stroke in and out of her pussy a shade faster.
"Getting fucked by the guys was incredible and it was so exciting to know it would be sexually tormenting you but that you would be enjoying every second of it. I know I did!"
"Why don't we go shopping and get something really sexy for you to wear for them later?" I suggested feeling the sperm tingle it's way up my pipe.
"Sounds good honey now come on my tits!" she said knowing I was about to come. She eased her incredibly tight pussy of my glistening pole and knelt in front of my cock as the tiny slit opened and gushes of hot creamy spunk, splurged all over her magnificent breasts.
Suzi licked the last drop of spunk from my deflating cock then stood to kiss me.
Remnants of my spunk were being smeared on my lips by Suzi's sensual cupid lips.
"That's a taste and sensation you'll have to get used too. There will be more cum and spunk smelling breath later!" she giggled continuing with her sexual tormenting.
Suzi climbed out of the shower, leaving with my thoughts of what lay ahead. Our world was different now. Suzi it would seem, will be continuing with her slut hot-wife escapades as she seemed to enjoy them immensely. She always enjoyed sex, but I was blissfully unaware she was an insatiable cock hungry slut.
Somewhere within my inner psyche, I was experiencing a feeling of pride and contentment, as though this was meant to be. Relaxed with our new lifestyle I stepped out of the shower to find Suzi already dried and slipping on the smallest tightest black creation in the history of bikinis.
The shiny black material didn't fully cover her pussy as the top of her slit was clearly evident. The triangles that covered her nipples barely completed their simple task. This was bikini a glamour model would wear on a shoot or a porno model would wear on set. There was literally no other place this could be adorned without attracting attention. Suzi smiled at me as she saw my mouth agape looking at her almost there bikini.
"High heels or flats?" she enquired, seeking my approval in a half hearted effort.
"Heels. Always heels!" I smiled.
"Come on then, lets get dressed as you're taking me shopping to buy some fuck me clothes!" Suzi smiled.
Suzi was wearing the smallest black bikini imaginable. The tiny triangles barely covered her erect nipples and the thong bottoms were show most of the top half of her slit.
The material was a very shiny black almost PVC in its appearance yet was soft and flexible, judging by how tightly it wrapped around her shaved slit revealing everything without revealing anything.
Over the bikini she wore a loose cheesecloth shirt in white with a very tight denim mini skirt. Thankfully she wore her high heel ankle straps which made even more ravishing. I opted for the shorts and t-shirt look with a pair of training shoes on my feet, picked up my wallet and we headed out of the room.
There are quite few good boutiques in Tenerife and there are some excellent leather clothing manufacturers. Suzi and I have purchased a few articles in the past from two Turkish brothers who owned a store close to the sea front. Needless to say we headed to this store to see what was on offer. As soon as Suzi set foot in the place, both brothers were over like a shot, fawning and flirting which Suzi absolutely adored. I couldn't hear some of the small talk and obvious flirting, with Suzi ensuring both guys could see her perfect body through her see through top. I witnessed one of the guys smile salaciously at Suzi, then look her up and down, staring at my wife's stunning figure with his eyebrows raised in approval.
"We have some very tight dresses that would be perfect for you. Wait here and I will go and get them" he smiled heading in to the back of the store. The other brother leant against a rail of various leather garments, smiling at Suzi, drinking in her seriously desirable figure.
Returning from the back shop, he held at least six dresses or items in his arms and placed them on the rail in front of Suzi.
"These will enhance the beautiful lady and if any adjustments are required, we will do for free today" he smiled staring at Suzi's breasts through her see through cheesecloth top.
"Would madam like to try them on through the back shop, the lighting is superior and she will have better privacy?" He questioned smiling directly at my exhibitionist wife.
"That's so very kind of you!" Suzi grinned scooping up the garments as he led the way. I followed obediently about three steps behind, listening to the Turkish owner flirt outrageously with my wife.
"Madam is looking very beautiful and sexy today. The sun obviously agrees with the beautiful lady" he smiled, laying on the compliments with a trowel.
We reached what looked like a large office with a full length mirror on one wall.
"I can leave you in here to try on your dresses if you wish. When you are wearing them, let me know and I will come in and pin up any adjustments required!" he smiled, his eyes traversing every curve of Suzi's heavenly body.
"You don't need to leave" Suzi smiled, shocking me in the process "I'm sure I don't have anything you haven't sen before!"
With that she removed the cheesecloth top, unzipped her denim mini and stood before the Turk in only her revealing bikini and high heeled shoes. Suzi looked unbelievably sexy as she reached for a black leather dress. Her breasts swayed delightfully as she moved to step into the dress.
The dress was the thinnest leather I'd ever encountered, as Suzi glided the black sheath over her wondrous curves. The Turkish guy stood behind her and began to move the zip up. Suzi's breasts squeezed together as her bikini top become dislodged, revealing her proud erect nipples. Suzi adjusted her dress and the Turk carried on zipping the dress. With the fastener in the closed position, she turned slightly to see her pert buttocks sheathed in the soft black leather. Her breasts were sitting snugly in the inbuilt cups of the leather dress, the Turk smoothing the leather dress against her skin, checking to see if any alterations were required. His hand went to the back of the dress and pulled a little of the material together, creating a tighter look.
"How does that feel?" he enquired.
"It feels and looks perfect!" Suzi responded.
Next he placed his hands millimetres below Suzi's huge breast and cupped her magnificent orbs.
"Does that look better?" He questioned.
Suzi stared into the mirror and said.
"They've never looked better!" then giggled girlishly with a strong hint of flirtation.
The Turk marked the front of the dress with four chalk lines.
"These will be adjusted this afternoon if the lay requires the dress.
Suzi bit her lip gently and nodded toward.
"I'd really like this!" she smiled, cupping her breasts and giggling.
Turning to the Turk she smiled.
"What else do you have?"
The Turk picked up a black and red leather mini dress in the same thin material, but this one had a corset top and corset lace up back.
Suzi smiled raising her eyebrows approvingly. She turned her back to the Turk for him to unzip her dress. The turk slid the zip down slowly as her breasts spilled out. Her naked breasts were on display as she stepped out of the leather dress. The held the new dress in front of Suzi as she stepped in to the red and black corset dress. The turk stood in front of Suzi, staring at her fabulous orbs, as the Leather began to cup her breathtaking breasts. The zip for this dress was on the side, as he glided the fastener into position. His hands touched her large leather clad breasts, then he began to smooth the soft leather over her delicious curves. This dress could have been painted on the fit was so good.
"We don't need to do anything to this dress!" he smiled "Why would we tamper with perfection and that is what the lady is wearing such a garment!"
He was in full flirt mood with some medliteranaen smoothness added for effect.
His charm obviously worked on Suzi as I could see by her neck colour that she was flushed and aroused.
"I'm taking that one also!" she smiled looking at me "Do you guys make bikinis and underwear?" she enquired
"For a beautiful lady like yourself, we have some bikinis and some very sexy underwear if madam would like to see them?" he smiled, with a hint of erection evident in his trousers.
"Yes, please that would be wonderful!" Suzi replied, charming the Turk with her flirtatious approach.
"I will return in a moment" he grinned then headed out of the office come dressing room.
Suzi smiled at me as she began to unzip the dress. Her breasts spilled out as the dress slid down her body. She was now standing in this room with her breasts exposed, wearing the tiniest black thong, revealing most of her shaved slit, wearing her high heels, waiting for the Turk to return with the Bikinis and lingerie.
The turk returned with his brother and a handful of garments. He held up a very small black leather bikini and a matching white leather bikini. His brother was holding a black leather waspie, black leather garter belt, a black leather corset and two black quarter cup leather bra's.
Every article was in the same thin leather as the dresses.
"I've guessed these will be your size" he smiled blatantly staring at Suzi's breasts and her half exposed shaved slit "Would you like to try these on?" he grinned the most leering grin.
"I would need stockings if I were to get the best effect!" Suzi smiled, as the brother handed over a packet of black fishnet stockings.
"My, my, you guys are most efficient!" she giggled as she opened the stockings.
"Let me help you madam!" the Turk insisted as he picked up the stockings, undoing the straps of Suzi's high heels and placed her foot in the black net. Gliding the stockings up her thighs the other brother began to lace up the black waspie, his brother fastening the stockings to the garter straps. He slipped each strap under her thong then picked up the quarter cup bra. Placing the quarter leather cups beneath Suzi's breasts, he pulled the straps to the back and fastened the bra into position. The other brother was fastening the straps of Suzi's shoes as she looked at her reflection decked out in the fantastic leather lingerie as two Turkish brothers smoothed the lingerie over her body on the pretence that this is what was required.
I could see that Suzi was getting very aroused, the twinkle in her eye told me she was going to tease these guys full on and something was definitely going to happen.
Teasing them, was to be honest, a bit futile as she had been standing in front of these two strangers, her magnificent breasts on display with her delicious shaved pussy almost uncovered, as both guys were feeling and stroking her flesh at every given opportunity as they placed the stockings and leather lingerie on her delectable body.
"All of this stuff is magnificent!" Suzi smiled "How much would this lot cost?" she said, her head turned to the side, standing before two very flustered Turks staring at her exposed breasts and fabulous body draped with leather lingerie.
She winked at both guys and whispered seductively.
"Do you have any tiny thongs to match these outfits?" she said slipping her bikini bottoms off slowly like a burlesque stripper. Her shaved pussy was on display as both Turks nervously stared at her tight smooth pussy.
"I'm sure we could come to some arrangement with the beautiful lady!" the elder one stammered.
Suzi leant against the office desk and said.
"Lock the front door, slap some condoms on your cocks and I'll fuck you both for all of these garments!" she smiled, shocking both Turks and myself.
Both Turks look over at me and all I could do was shrug my shoulders and roll my eyes. This was exciting me of that there is no doubt, and I would at least get to see my wife being fucked.
The younger Turk smiled and said.
"I locked the shop almost ten minutes ago!"
The older opened a drawer in the desk and pulled out a box of condoms.
"All of these garments will be yours once you place these condoms on us with your mouth!" He bargained. Suzi grabbed the box of condoms, ripping one open with her teeth.
"Also if you return, we will supply you with more goods if we can both fuck you again?" the younger one smiled.
Suzi knelt down in front of the young as he unzipped his flies and unfurled an absolute beauty of a cock. Huge, coffee coloured and circumcised.
"I'll be leaving you guys a shopping list!" Suzi giggled as she placed the condom over the tip of his cock then pushed it down his length with her pursed lips.
The brother looked on, unfastening his trousers as he uttered.
"Fucking hell! Your wife is a slut!" he smiled looking at me then returning his eyes to Suzi's cock-sucking skills.
Seeing my wife suck a strangers cock whilst wearing leather lingerie and fishnet stockings was a sight to behold. I slipped my shorts down, and found I was sporting an enormous erection. I began stroking my hard length slowly, watching my slut wife suck a strangers cock while another stranger stroked his cock in anticipation as to what she was going to do next.
She removed the guys cock from her mouth and said.
"Get behind me and pick a hole you want to fuck!"
The Turk scurried behind her and began spitting on her asshole and pussy. Suzi squirmed with delight as the Turk defiled her just the way she likes it. She took another condom and repeated what she did earlier, sliding her lips down the shaft, putting the condom on tightly.
The cock fell from her mouth as she groaned in pleasure.
"Ho yeah! Fuck my ass!" she pleaded as she placed the cock back in her mouth.
I was staring mesmerised as my wife was spit roasted by two Turkish store owners.
Suzi removed the cock from her mouth and whispered.
"You lay on the floor and stick it to my pussy while your brother fucks my ass!"
He eased underneath Suzi slowly, feeling and sucking her huge breasts on his short journey.
As the tip of his cock rested at her pussy opening, she held his condom covered shaft and guided his cock deep inside her tight pussy. The older turk looked over at me and laughed.
"She really is a dirty slut!" and proceed to fuck Suzi with vigour and determination.
Suzi came as the two cocks defiled her tight holes, as she rode these cocks like they'd never been rode before. My wife looked magnificent fucking these two guys and there was now way they would last very long.
The younger Turk fucking Suzi up the ass was the first to weaken.
"I'm coming up your ass slut!" he yelled as he began to convulse and empty his hot young Turkish seed deep inside Suzi's asshole.
The older guy was next as he squeezed her breasts and shouted.
"I'm coming inside you slut!" Then collapsed beneath Suzi as his cock emptied inside her.
The Turk who had been fucking her ass was now sitting on an office chair, peeling his spunk filled condom off his deflating cock. Suzi climbed off the older Turk as he lay there and slid his condom off his depleted cock.
Stood stood arrogantly, her leather lingerie looking fantastic, dressing her gorgeous body like some playboy centrefold.
"If you guys want a repeat performance tomorrow, I think I would like a nice pair of tight leather jeans, a sexy waistcoat to match and some very sexy thongs!"
The elder Turk smiled at her, nodding his head and said.
"You shall have all of that but first we'll need to take some measurements to ensure the thongs fit snugly!"
If this was what she was capable while shopping, then these guys tonight will be in for the greatest fuck in the history of fucks from the perfect slut, my darling wife.