It's holiday time. All the families are away and my favourite spot by the river is almost empty. The late afternoon is a feast for all the senses: the lively flowing water sparkles in the sunshine, the leaves of the aspens wriggle in the light evening breeze and I am enveloped in a constant concert of crickets. In front of me is the second volume of Don Winslow's "City on fire". What can I say: life is perfect.
At some point I get too hot, I stand up and walk to the river. A single young woman is standing in the water up to her stomach, her arms wrapped around herself. Goose bumps on her arms. Her blonde hair is visible against the light.
Like an angel, it flashes through my mind.
As I walk a little further into the water away from her, she turns her head towards me. I smile at her and get a grin back. Incentive enough to plunge heroically into the water.
But I don't manage more than two strokes, it's freezing cold. Less heroically, I push myself out of the current again. The young woman grins a little mockingly at me.
She's right. Male behaviour. Well, I just can't get out of my skin.
I lie down in the sun to dry off and try to see out of the corner of my eye what the woman is doing. Unlike me, she lets herself drift a little and then swims back against the current with strong strokes. I like that.
I immerse myself in my book again. At the end of the chapter, I emerge from the captivating story back to the surface. The attractive swimmer sits in my line of vision, a book on the ground in front of her. Her legs are at her sides, her head hanging over the pages. She seems to be completely absorbed in her reading.
She is wearing biniki panties in muted colours that stretch over her clearly raised mound of Venus. I look around involuntarily: apart from a couple on the narrow strip of sand
there is no one else around.
I can no longer concentrate on my book. I'm hooked by what I see in front of me. And because I know, of course, that nothing will happen, nothing can happen, here by the river in public, I escape into a daydream:
I imagine the couple setting off from the riverbank, getting on their bikes and me staying behind with the attractive reader. As she stands up, adjusts her bikini and heads towards the water, I pluck up all my courage and ask her what she's reading.
We strike up a conversation. Then we both go for a dip in the water (I'm shivering from the cold and she laughs at me a little, in a nice way).
Afterwards, we let the last rays of sunshine dry us off. And then, as if nothing was wrong, she undresses in front of me. Of course, I immediately get a hard-on and try to hide it. And she says to me: "Seen enough?"
A huge shock runs through me. That wasn't in my head.
That was real.
I focus my gaze. The reader looks at me challengingly.
"You've been looking pretty hard between my legs for a while now, and if I didn't know any better, I'd say you've lost one." I'm completely taken by surprise. I mentally check my body and fuck, that's right, I really do have a big boner.
"You can close your mouth."I turn fiery red, I can clearly feel it. And close my mouth. So embarrassing!
"I, well, honestly..." I start to stutter.
"It's all right. Nothing's happened. But maybe you should control yourself a bit better. A little tip: cold water helps." Slight grin.
"Absolutely." I hasten to say, admitting everything. Fuck.
"Then why don't you finish it now?"
"Please?"
"You've obviously had your fun. Now it's my turn. It's only fair." A broad grin.
"What, er, how..." I stammer again. I must make her feel like the biggest dork ever.
"You mean..." I start again.
"I want you to have a wank now. And I'll watch."
My cock twitches in wild pleasure. But my mind still doesn't realise.
"Well, that, I don't know now..." She can't be serious!
"Not enough imagination?"
Slowly, she lets her legs tilt outwards a little and pulls her bikini bottoms to the side. Her vulva. Shaved, except for a narrow strip. Dark labia.
"That should help, right?" Her grin goes from ear to ear.
I look round me.There really isn't anyone left but us. I briefly consider whether she's taking the piss. Has she switched on her mobile phone and is secretly filming me?
And then: I just don't care. I take my cock out of my trousers and start pumping slowly. Very slowly, because I could actually come straight away, but that would be such a waste.
And then: she joins in. Runs her fingers into her crack. Exposes her clit and massages it. And I: come, far too soon, fuck!
Now she laughs too, great.
"Come here and lie on the floor with your face very close to my pussy!" I follow her command. I lie down on my stomach in front of her. My nose smells her tangy scent. Suddenly she has my head in her hand and pulls me towards her vulva.
I think that can only mean one thing. I start to lick her.
And indeed: this time I must be doing everything right. She squeezes me tighter and tighter and I can hardly breathe. Then she shudders, moans loudly, pushes me away and lets out a long breath.
Less than five seconds later, the bikini bottoms are back over her vulva.
I straighten up. Searching for words. And look a little perplexed.
"That was unexpected."
"Just unexpected?" I ask, almost a little offended.
"And pretty awesome."
Now I'm grinning. Broadly. There you go.
"I'm Thomas, by the way."
"Cecilia."
"Next week, same day, same time?" she asks.
"Er, yes, sure. Sure thing."
She shoulders her backpack, swings onto her bike and off she goes without turning round again.
Yes, I think, as I said: life is perfect.