Part 1
We headed off on our "cruise to nowhere" late on a Tuesday afternoon. The weather was warm as it usually is in the Caribbean and we just wanted some time for a little getaway. Once our ship left port and our Embarkation party ended we went down for dinner before retiring to the lounge for a nightcap.
My wife Candy looked beautiful as always in her light summer dress as we sat at the bar and ordered our cocktails. If this is your first time with her I will catch you up a little. Candy is a buxom little spitfire of a girl. Her short stature is more than made up for with her 38DD-26-38 measurements. By the time that this took place I had found that she has a hidden submissive side and, although prim and proper on the outside, she can be coaxed into doing things that she ordinarily would never do on her own.
There were a couple of empty seats beside me and after a while another couple came and sat down. The man gave me a quick nod and the woman gave me a smile as they got comfortable. I noticed right away that she was a stunning blond with a huge rack and at least 30 years younger than her gentleman friend who appeared to be around sixty. My eyes were riveted on the woman for as she sat her wrap around skirt opened on the side facing me exposing her left leg all the way to the hip. She made no motion to cover up and the gentleman did not seem concerned as well. I had to meet her!
"Hi, I'm Bob and this is my wife Candy." I said to break the ice and get some conversation going. The man shook my hand but before he spoke I reached across in front of him to shake hands with his beautiful wife. Candy gave them a wave over my shoulder.
"I'm Charles and this is my new bride Ashley. Are you on your honeymoon as well?" I looked right by him towards his hot new wife. She noticed that I was looking at her naked thigh and gave me a knowing smirk. All I could imagine is that this guy must be loaded to have such a gorgeous young wife.
"You are a lucky man to have such a beautiful wife." I said.
"Oh yes. Ashley is quite beautiful isn't she? I took her away from a promising modeling carrier." Charles replied as he backed away to show her off.
"Oh yes she is. She does seem to have the nicest legs that I've every seen." I was very happy with he view that she offered.
"I believe that was her most popular asset. Ashley, Bob would like to see your legs Honey."
"Sure thing." She replied in a sultry way.
She then slid the wrap that covered her right leg over and gravity pulled it to the floor opening the dress up to her crotch and exposing both legs entirely. I looked between her legs and was stunned that her naked bald pussy was exposed to everyone! She made no move to cover up and left her skirt wide open as she sipped her Martini. Everyone could see her naked cunt including my wife Candy who was three seats down from her.
"She is a beauty isn't she?" Charles said with a sly smirk on his face.
"No doubt!" I said as I sat stunned. My cock was getting rock hard and all I could think of was to put it into that hot little pussy.
"I do have to admit, though, that she is a bit of an exhibitionist." Charles was looking right at her open cunt as he spoke and then raised his eyes to hers and smiled. "But I think that the show is over for this evening. It is time for my private viewing. Would you two be around tomorrow by the pool?"
"Oh I think that can be arranged." I said with a smile.
We made plans to meet at the pool after noon and headed off to our cabins for the night. I couldn't get my mind off of Ashley as we headed for the elevator. My cock was rock hard and I couldn't wait to fuck Candy. When the elevator opened we found it empty and got in. By the time we made it to our floor I had Candy's dress half off, her breasts bare. The doors opened and there was a couple waiting. Candy quickly covered herself and rushed by them to our room totally embarrassed. I simply smiled and shrugged as I walked past them knowing that I had the room key. By the time that I caught up with her she was standing by the door holding her dress together.
I don't know how many times that I fucked my wife that night. Every time that I would cum my mind went back to Ashley and before I knew it I was hard again. Candy never did mention my ogling the other woman but I could tell that she didn't like it.
The next day we headed down to the pool to find our new friends. When we got there we found that they saved us a couple of lounge chairs. Both Charles and Ashley were lying in their swim trunks with large floppy hats and sunglasses. I stood looking down on Ashley and the sight brought my cock right to attention. She wore the smallest thong bikini that she could legally get away with. The top was merely string holding two small triangles over her nipples. The bottom was so small that it barely covered her pussy mound to where the flesh on both sides was visible. The white material was so thin that the crack of her pussy was evident and I could swear that I could make out the outline of a clit ring near the top!
"Welcome. We've been waiting for you. Drinks will arrive any minute. I hope you don't mind sangria. It's such a hot day. Sit. Sit." Charles waved his hands to the two open chairs. Trouble was one was on one side of Ashley and the other on the side of Charles. Ashley patted the chair next to her for me to sit so I did. Candy gave me a quick look before sitting next to Charles.
We enjoyed our day together and I had a ball talking with Ashley. Later she went into the pool to take a dip. All eyes were on her as she swam. When she was about to get out Charles tapped me on the leg.
"Watch this." He said with his eyes glued to her.
I watched as she walked over to us. Hell, the whole boat watched! She looked like a goddess. She was drying her hair with a towel as she glided toward us. Her body looked completely naked as the white material that barely covered her became transparent when wet. I could now easily make out her hardened nipples and when she got closer there no longer was a doubt that she wore a clit ring. She turned her back toward us and faced the pool as she finished with her hair and from that angle there was no more than two strings showing from behind. My cock was about to explode!
She turned and faced me as she got ready to sit and noticed a huge bulge in my Speedos. As she bent down to sit she reached over and gave it a squeeze before lying back and closing her eyes. Charles was smiling. Candy wasn't.
Charles leaned toward me and spoke softly.
"I think you owe me one. Don't you?"
We hung out with them the rest of the day. Candy was noticeably silent which was totally understandable. I started thinking about what Charles had said about owing him one and tried to come up with something to even things up. After leaving the pool area we took a walk around the ship wearing our coverups. I found a spa nearby and we stepped in just to see what they offered.
A large muscle bound man in a tank top and stretch shorts came out from behind a counter.
"Can I help you folks?" I looked up at him and thought that if they were to ever do a remake of Hercules he would fit the bill to a tee.
"Yes I was just thinking of scheduling a massage for my wife." It just came to me that this might be a good way to get back in her good graces.
"Would that be for the full spa treatment or just the massage?"
"We'll go for the works. Is that OK Honey?" She looked at me a little confused at first.
"Oh that would be nice. I've never gotten the full treatment before." She squeezed my arm tightly like a girl getting her first doll.
"We are booked for today but have an opening for 1 PM tomorrow if that is satisfactory."
"That would be great. We'll see you then." I gave her a quick kiss as we walked out and she seemed to be happy with me again.
Now I have to develop a plan!
Part 2
That evening was spent with Charles and Ashley of course. We decided to go dancing and as sexy as Candy looked in her mini dress Ashley showed up looking like a total slut! She wore a loose fitting cowl front halter top with the shortest and tightest spandex micro skirt that she could squeeze into. It didn't quite cover her bottom and as she danced it would creep up and display the bottom of her ass cheeks. The halter basically hung down over her tits and as it shifted from side to side either one tit or the other would become fully exposed. Charles loved his new slut wife showing herself and I could hardly resist throwing her down and fucking her right there for the way that she blatantly teased me. Although I was with my wife I seemed to spend most of my time ogling Ashley during our cruise. How I avoided having Candy kill me on that trip is beyond me.
Before we parted company that night I advised Charles that I planned on stopping by to see him in the morning.
The following morning I called room service for breakfast. Candy was still in bed and I was hoping that I would be able to have some fun with that by having the person that delivered the food maybe catch a glimpse of her partially covered body. I had no such luck this time as she got up and put on a robe before our food arrived. After breakfast Candy checked the time and decided to start getting herself ready for the spa. I took this opportunity to slip out and get my plan into motion.
My first stop was to the spa where I met Jake behind the counter. He was a more intimidating human being than I remembered from just a day ago. He must have been six foot four and 275 pounds of solid muscle. It's no wonder that Candy didn't think twice about having this hulk of a man put his hands all over her massaging every inch of her naked body. I told him of my secret plan and he agreed to do it.....for an extra fee of course. Shit, I would do what he does, massaging beautiful naked women, for nothing if I had a chance. We shook hands and it was now off to see Charles.
When I arrived at the door to his suite I gave it a light knock. Ashley opened the door and I was amazed at the sight before me. She was wearing only her thin, see through, beach coverup and nothing else. Her naked body was as if ordered from a catalog. Her firm breasts stood out high and proud. Her shaved muff was perfectly formed with no hint of her inner labia exposed. I just stood there staring at her beauty.
"Hello Bob." Came a voice from a darkened corner of the room. "I'm over here my friend."
Charles was sitting in a chair off to the side watching me as I ravished his naked wife with my eyes. He was smiling and looked as though he planned this to see my reaction. The man truly loved showing off his wife to others and I felt very fortunate that we share in the same fetish.
Ashley stepped aside smiling as I entered the room. In fact she sat down in a chair next to Charles without ever making a motion to cover herself. With one foot up on the chair her pussy was opened just slightly as she stared into my eyes while I tried to speak to her husband. With little time to spare I explained my plan and told them that I would return shortly and they could accompany me down to the spa.
I arrived back at our cabin to find Candy just coming out from the shower. She had a towel on her head and her body was naked as she finished drying off. I noticed immediately that she had just finished shaving her legs and pubic mound and approached her to check her handiwork. As she looked in the mirror I came up from behind and put my arms around her and my head upon her shoulder. I looked at our reflection in the mirror as I slid my hands down her firm stomach to her pussy. When she felt my touch she closed her eyes and backed up to me. My fingers started to probe and I was surprised to find her already wet. I figured that she must have been thinking about Jake's strong hands working on her body as she showered causing her to be aroused.
She started to moan while enjoying the attention that her hot pussy was getting when suddenly her eyes opened and she pushed my hand away.
"I have to get ready now. There will be time for that later if you're good." She said with a smile.
"Oh I'll be very good. I promise." I replied with my fingers crossed and went to sit out on the balcony and watch the waves.
A short time passed and she stuck her head outside to tell me that she was leaving. I told her to have a good time and relax and I'll see her soon. Once she went out the door I headed out to get Charles and Ashley. I was told by Jake to give him about an hour and I couldn't think of a better place to spend my time than within sight of Ashley. We sat and talked for a while and as usual I couldn't get enough of watching the other man's wife. She was dressed in tight spandex shorts that showed off her cameltoe perfectly. Her white halter top showed the darkened hue of her always erect nipples as well as more cleavage than I have ever seen in public.
When the time arrived to go we headed down the narrow corridor together. I allowed them to walk arm in arm ahead of me so that I could follow Ashley's perfect ass. She turned quite a few heads as we passed I must say!
When we got to the spa there was a pretty young woman at the counter.
"May I help you?"
"Yes, could you please tell Jake that we're here?"
"I'm sorry but he is with a customer. Can I have him call you when he gets done?"
"No just tell him that Bob is here. He is expecting me......us."
She looked at us a bit puzzled as I'm sure that there is a standing rule not to be disturbed. She came back out with that same puzzled look.
"He said that you may go ahead in but to be very quiet." She said.
We walked into the small massage room to find Candy face down with a towel covering her lower back and ass. There were three chairs around the table and we all took seats.
"Candy? Your husband is here." Jake said to her softly.
"Bob? What's wrong? Why are you here?" She turned her head to the side revealing a mask over her eyes that Jake told me that he would use on her. She did not know that Charles and Ashley were with me.
"Nothings wrong Honey. I was just taking a stroll and figured that I would see how things are going that's all. If I see that he's doing a good job on you I might just have him do me too." Jake looked up at me and I just smiled shaking my head as if to say 'that will never happen'.
He went back to work on her and we watched as he kneaded her flesh. A short time went by and he started to work his way down her back. He folded the towel down as he worked lower until it covered only her bare ass.
"I am going to remove the towel now so that I can work a little lower is that OK?" He asked the question but before she could get a word out the towel was whisked away. She made a light noise as I'm sure that he surprised her with this action but she didn't protest. Her naked body was now exposed and I'm sure that this had an effect on Candy as Jake started working on her bare ass.
Charles and Ashley smiled to each other as they watched my naked wife lying before them. Jake worked on each cheek individually at times pulling them apart exposing her puckered little asshole and pussy to us. I couldn't tell whether or not she was uncomfortable with me there watching or if she preferred that I be there with a stranger touching her naked body.
Once finished he bent down and said softly, "I will now cover you again so that you can turn over."
He did and she turned face up. The towel covered her from her tits to just below her crotch. He began to work on her neck and shoulders. She was getting loose as her muscles relaxed. He then went to her feet slowly working his way up her legs. As he kneaded her thighs he pushed the towel slightly with each movement until her naked pussy came into view. She probably thought that she was still covered at that point as Jake vacated that area and went back up top. Next he, without warning, folded down the towel exposing her tits. She took a deep breath when he did this but, again, did not protest.
He worked his hands around the sides of her chest to her stomach and back up to just below her breasts. He did this several times each with a little more force and each coming closer to her breasts until it came to a point where he was purposely feeling around the sides and cupping them with his firm hands.
I heard a moan as he focused strictly on her tits now sliding his hands around them and finishing by pulling them up toward her face. She began to squirm a bit and her moans became more pronounced as he squeezed harder. His next action caused my lovely wife to bite her lip as he took both of her nipples between his fingers and rolled them back and forth. They were already hard but they must have stood out close to an inch after that.
She was definitely getting hot as Ashley sitting beside Charles at the foot of the table pointed at my wife's pussy. Her legs were now parted slightly and we could plainly see a drop of her juice collecting and about to run down to her asshole. Jake removed the towel and my wife started moving her legs up and down on the table. He then began to work her inner thighs touching her outer labia with the back of his hands and without any effort her knees raised up and her legs parted inviting him to explore.
Charles was almost giddy as he had a perfect view of my wife's open cunt. He leaned forward for a better view and placed his hand between his wife's legs to feel her own pussy as he watched. Jake began to work on my wife's cunt with his strong experienced hands and she reacted by opening wider and throwing her pelvis up to meet him. He started to rub her sloppy wet pussy in a circular motion and you could actually here how wet it was as he increased the pressure.
Candy was going wild. I looked over and saw Ashley's legs wide open as Charles mimicked Jake by rubbing her twat hard through her thin shorts. A wet stain appeared at the bottom of her crack as he too applied more and more pressure.
"Oh God Oh God Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
I turned to watch my wife bucking off the table as Jake continued working hard on her hot pussy.
"Oh Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!"
Candy came in buckets as her juice shot out of her cunt like never before causing a large wet spot on the sheet beneath her.
"Aiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Ashley came too as both women would organism together. Charles removed his hand from his wife's crotch to reveal a huge and very noticeable stain on her white shorts. She purred and rested her head on her husband's shoulder. Candy calmed down and Jake removed his hand from her dripping honey pot and dried it with a towel. Apparently she did not her Ashley over her own cries of pleasure.
I motioned for Charles and Ashley to leave and they got up and quietly left. Once they were out of view I bent down and kissed my dear wife on the forehead and whispered to her softly as she was still breathing heavily. Still blindfolded.
"Relax and enjoy yourself. We'll see you back in the room later." I started heading out the door as she replied.
"OK Honey, I'll..................we? Did you say we?"
I could just barely make out her words as I left the spa to head back to the room. I would even up with Jake later. Charles and Ashley were waiting for me around the corner. We were all laughing and joking as we remembered the events that just happened.
About an hour later the door to our cabin opened and in walked Candy. She seemed to be in a bit of a daze as she entered and I just chalked it up to her exhausting massage.
"Everything go alright for you? Did you enjoy your spa treatment?" I asked with a sly smile on my face.
"Oh yes. It was wonderful. Jake did a fantastic job on me."
I never asked if there was any more sex after we left.
"I know. We were there remember?"
"You keep saying we. Why do you do that?" She asked with more of a crass tone.
"Here step out on the balcony." I said as I took her hand and headed outside.
"Hello Candy. Did we miss anything after we left?" Asked Charles sitting in a lounge chair next to Ashley.
Candy looked down in shock. First at Charles and then Ashley. She spotted the wet spot in Ashley's shorts and could tell that she had been involved in some form of sex.
"You mean? Bob! How could you?" Her face turned bright red.
"Say what you will Honey," Ashley interrupted. "but I know better. You appear to be a woman that doesn't mind when people see you naked. You just need a little push sometimes. I used to be just like you but now Charles doesn't even have to ask for me to showoff. Right Honey?"
"Absolutely! Let me tell you one thing, Candy, you have a hot body so you shouldn't be embarrassed to show it off. That was one hot show that you put on. Look what it did for Ashley." He pointed to her wet crotch.
I put my arm around her shoulder and she just stood there quiet for a little while. The rest of the cruise went wonderfully. With the help of Charles and Ashley they talked my wife into loosening up and dressing down. They even got her to walk up and down our corridor naked one night and made her knock several times before letting her back into our cabin. By the time we did she came in panting and her pussy was dripping wet. That was also the first time that we had sex in front of others as she was so turned on that she allowed me to fuck her with our guests right there watching us!
We have had many more interesting encounters since then as I took full advantage of Candy's latent desire to to show herself on command. As always we welcome your feedback and thank you all for your praises. You are by far the best readers ever and the main reason that we share our lives with you.
Love,
Bob and Candy