Copyright©PennameWombat January 2021
The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
This story is my entry for the LiteroticaValentine's Day 2021contest. Many of the characters here also appeared in myNude Day 2021contest entry "Sex, Toys & Video: A Tale" in the Exhibitionist & Voyeur category. That said, this story is entirely self-contained and can be fully enjoyed without reading that earlier story.
Of course, if you do want to check it out I won't complain. This story takes place in a shared universe with many of my other stories but again no familiarity with those is assumed or needed to enjoy this one. But if you are intrigued, you'll find them by clicking on my name.
Tags: Anal sex, Blow job, Exhibitionist, Facial, Gangbang, Pegging, Public sex, Romantic, Sci-fi, Toys
*****
Al Capone
Rachel's throat worked but more in anticipation than actual effort when the cock in her mouth released little more than an initial tiny spurt of sticky semen followed by a weak dribble. The cock's flesh managed an impressive series of spasms, but its output was disappointing.
Then again, unless Rachel had lost track, and when it came to being able to differentiate cocks that was a rare thing, this was the cock's fourth climax. It had offered impressive resistance to her ministrations each time, it had made her work for each offering. Her face and hair were still sticky with the first, pulled forth by her greased right hand. It had been forceful and ample, both aspects had easily outstripped the one-and-done cock in her left hand and the unfortunately disappointing cock that had also been one and done in her mouth. Had this cock's first load been in her mouth it would've been the highlight of her week so far and hard to surpass.
Fortunately this cock, and the body to which it was attached, were made of sterner and more impressive stuff than those other cocks. A few moments later she'd moaned with her own orgasm as hard flesh simultaneously plunged deeply into her cunt and her ass and let loose with twin spasms of goo. They'd both pulled from her body all but the heads of those fleshy intruders and had slammed to full depth again to deliver second shots into her body as the membranes that separated the twin assault quivered with her own orgasm. Her pussy had pushed out its own gooey gush that mixed with the man's cum and splashed and dribbed on the cock and thighs below her. Two more thrusts had left them all panting with that post-climax glow.
Zia, one of Rachel's Vestal Virgins, had stepped forward with wipes and bottled water and additional libations for the sweaty bodies on and alongside the bed as Rachel shifted and the man beneath her slid sideways and stood. The Virgin wore only a pale black diaphanous gown that reached to mid-thighs and dark grey heels. She leaned and gave Rachel an open-mouthed kiss on the lips then handed her a cool bottle of water and stood to offer refreshments to the three men. Rachel eyed her hand-maiden. Zia claimed her features were in the best of Persian traditions and was rare in that her hair was even darker than the woman's on the bed. All made for an enviable facade but Rachel smiled at the times when the beauty would get careless and let her native deep Texas drawl overwhelm that breathy accent. That dark woman wrapped each arm around a male arm and Rachel sniffed quickly as she escorted the two one and dones as they trudged past a couple of the floating pink heart balloons and toward the bedroom door. The balloons had been at Zia's insistence and Rachel had originally demurred. But tomorrow, no, today, midnight had passed, was indeed Valentine's Day.
And Rachel WAS doing what she loved. And kicking a cute and petite newcomer's ass in the process.
Rachel nudged the owner of her favorite cock and he responded and leaned over to kiss her slowly. The kiss gained force and their mouths opened as his hand found one of her well-used nipples and caressed it, the pressure just enough to cause her body to tingle. He didn't mind that she'd just had a mouthful of cum, well, not quite a mouthful and it had been his, but it hadn't put him off.
Not all were like him. Fortunately he was good at it. Very, very good. She extended an arm to find his cock where it drooped from his crotch, still slick and wet with her saliva.
Could it manage one more time? Could it rise to the occasion? She kept her laugh buried, didn't let it reach her mouth that had welcomed a tongue that her own tongue twisted and twined around. Just like it had moments ago done with the man's cock.
The final rules Margaret had announced had originally granted bonus points for any civilian who could do the cycle, both hands, mouth, pussy and ass. Rachel had argued to amend that to any outsider who could manage five fucks in a single visit. Her argument had been clear and cogent, who the hell would waste a man LIKE THAT on two HANDJOBS? Had she known the true nature of this man she now kissed no way his first orgasm would've been due to her hand and the results now stuck much of her hair together.
She felt the cock twitch. Yes! She trailed her fingertips along its flesh and felt it quiver. Her forefinger rotated around the bulbous head. Her middle finger joined its compatriot and her tongue increased its pressure against its invited guest. Two fingers lightly pinched her right nipple and coaxed her already erect flesh to grow. She wrapped long fingers around the shaft. It had intent. But. Could it really manage a fifth intense effort?
She slid her mouth off his and kissed along his firm cheek and felt the stubble that offered as much certainty to the late hour as would a clock. She found his neck and kissed down his salty skin. The cock twitched again with more force as she kissed through chest hair that wasn't thick nor annoying. Fingers had found both of her nipples and she exhaled hard as she kissed down. She kissed along firm abs that her memory knew weren't quite a clear six pack. That was fine with her.
She, everyone who worked these shows for Margaret, knew that fitness was paramount. But they also knew that the bulked-up look wasn't favored for what they did. Toned fitness. She and Sue and Dark Star had connected on that but her friend's red hair had been the ace of trumps there.
Sue the traitor. Sue and Diana and Ivy and Lisa. All of her podmates. Traitorous whores.
Rachel ran her tongue along the length of the solidifying flesh. Had to adjust her posture as it rose. Her lips found the head where it prescribed a slightly wider circle than the shaft. She stuck her tongue out and curled it down then up as she ran it along the back of the exposed red arrowhead. After a full circuit she shifted and pushed her mouth over and worked the entirety of it into her mouth. He wasn't Jay. That was fine. He was just difficult enough to swallow whole. A challenge but a comfortable enough challenge. She felt the cock throb and the body moved and moaned as her cheeks and tongue rippled against her mouthful.
She kept the pressure on him as she reversed herself. Finally she gave the head a hard suck and pulled away. She didn't want him in her mouth this round. She opened her eyes and glanced around. Lucy had entered and winked at her. One hand stroked a hard cock.
"Only one?" Lucy offered a wicked smile to Rachel's question.
Rachel looked up. Her lover's body was shiny with sweat. Good. She knew hers was too. She held the hard cock in a tight grip.
"I want you in my ass, Brandon," she purred as they locked eyes. He had such pretty eyes, grey with flecks of brown and even green, sharp, intelligent, "hold me up and play with my tits."
He smiled.
"Anywhere and everywhere you want me, Alicia," Rachel smiled broadly, both at his agreement and the name.
"You'll want this cock in your pussy," Lucy said and Rachel shrugged but smiled.
"Ok," she said to the new arrival, "this is Brandon's fifth. Think you can outdo him?"
Then Zia came through the door, she had her commera in her right hand. Her left hand led a woman who wore heels that matched her guide's but unlike her she was otherwise naked. She also matched her guide with hair and skin which were dark and she had a familiar and attractive face. Like Zia her black pubic hair was closely cropped into a landing strip.
"Will my sister Sestaya do for your mouth?" Zia's drawl fought to exert itself on the last two words. Her near-doppelgänger smirked as she looked at her sister then offered lust as she looked back at Rachel.
"Of course," Rachel said, "I've dreamed of you on my face, your sister will have to do..."
Zia snorted and Sestaya let out a quick laugh before a purred voice.
"My sister refuses to know real pleasure," Rachel believed this was indeed a sister, Texas was just hidden in Sestaya's voice too.
"Mind if we stream it live guys?" Zia said after a snort and kept her breathy voice free of that great state.
"Just say yes, it makes her that much more excited," Brandon's smooth baritone brooked no dissent and the second guy nodded after a moment.
"I want the world to see that Alicia can eat a real pussy," Sestaya purred. Rachel wondered if that was her actual name; this was only Zia's second event and she'd missed the previous show in Vegas but she'd never mentioned a sister.
Without further discussion Brandon leaned and quickly sucked hard on each hugely swollen nipple and then kissed her. Rachel slid sideways and Brandon swung a leg and set himself on the bed without rocking it hard and laid on his back and scooted to a central position. Rachel squatted over him with her back to his face and looked up as Lucy tossed a small plastic bottle of lube. She caught it and quickly reached between her legs and greased the cock, it hadn't softened. One of his hands reached between her legs and pushed two fingers into a pussy gooey with her own cum mingled with that from a dozen cocks, the one about to enter her ass included. He gathered the liquid and she purred as he quickly caressed her hard clit. His fingers trailed again down her slit and traced the skin until they transferred their supply of lubricant when they pushed past her anal ring. She tossed the bottle back to Lucy and let Brandon's hands on her hips guide her until she felt the cock at her rear entrance.
She pushed down and her mouth formed an 'O' as hard flesh intruded into her body. Her eyelids half closed, she gave the merest nod to Lucy, who'd just tapped her wrist and held up a finger. Margaret's rules decreed 1 a.m. as a hard stop. Their boss had rightfully perceived that she and Riku would drive each other every hour they weren't on shift so she'd imposed limits. The show opened at 11 a.m. each day and went to 8 p.m. So long as they were off shift they could suck and fuck during the show hours and from eight they had until 1 a.m. So long as the last 'round' started before that deadline it could finish when it finished.
Rachel. No. She was Alicia. Alicia 'Al' Capone so much as any of these guys knew. Even this handsome hunk under her.
Alicia had an email address. She had social media accounts. She had a job as a freelance travel and resort consultant that kept her on the move so no, visiting her 'at home' would require, well, coordination and well, yeah, email her and she'd see... Any such emails would make it to Rachel through channels that Dark Star had promised no one could trace.
Rachel lifted her head and looked at the man as he climbed onto his knees on the bed, long, dark brown hair in soft curls shook as he slid between hers and Brandon's legs. Her mouth opened as she locked eyes with him as he pushed his cock into her pussy. Brandon had almost an inch on him and a bit of girth but she wasn't disappointed as the two cocks pressed her flesh from both sides. The hot hunk below her partially supported her weight with one strong hand and the other, as requested, reached around and found a swollen nipple.
She loved two cocks at once. Rachel knew her mother despaired of her only child finding a, one, single, man and settling down. And producing a grandchild or two. Rachel had tried a cock combined with toys, vibrators, dildoes. They just didn't have the right... feel. The man in her pussy was good. His fingers found her rigid clit. It made all the difference.
The bed rippled above Rachel's head and she bent her neck to watch the darkly beautiful Sestaya settle on her knees, a smile of lust and anticipation on her face. She paused as Rachel mouthed 'wait' before she bent her neck again to look into Zia's commera.
"Time for you to cry into your rice wine, Tammy, you're out of your depth here. Everyone come meet me and these hot men and this hottie getting on my face at tonight's after-show party and watch a saké seller cry," Rachel's voice was a husky but purred bit of treacle, Sestaya offered her own purr for emphasis as she shuffled those dark thighs forward.
Riku had laughed when Rachel had told her about her Alicia Capone alias and introduced the taller brunette to Tamaki "Tammy" Takagawa who sold small batch, hand-made saké from small producers in her father's native Japan. Which kept her on the move. She visited pubs and restaurants all over the US, Europe, Asia, Australia... so meeting her at home... well. 'This is my email,' Tammy would tell them, 'drop me a note.'
Darkly smooth thighs straddled Rachel's head and shuffled forward as the prone woman kissed firm pubic flesh. She inhaled deeply as she kissed through Sestaya's landing strip before she found the woman's clit already erect and ready for her. The body paused as Rachel pulled it and the surrounding flesh into her mouth as she tried to hold her position as the two men plunged themselves into her to send a shockwave up her body. She shivered but her mouth kept its position. Rachel's fingers worked at the dark beauty's nicely proportioned breasts and coaxed already erect nipples into higher states of excitement.
"You are beautiful, Alicia," Sestaya said with a thickened accent as she looked into the commera and pressed her hips down, "and talented. Dearest sister, you're foolish to not indulge."
Rachel moaned as she worked her tongue the length of the dark woman's slit and Zia snorted as she trailed the commera down her sister's and Rachel's bodies. These two boys were good. Very good. Brandon was the cox, his moves and grunts and moans set the timing. Rachel, no, Alicia moaned as cocks slammed to full penetration in her ass and pussy. The first juices from the body above hit her cheeks and she felt her own juices renewed. Somehow. Through a slitted eye Rachel saw Lucy's paler skin as she and Zia broadcast the quartet to the world and Sestaya adjusted her position to allow her to kiss the man who fucked Rachel's pussy. 'Al' didn't know the name of that man but with his ability to swap spit with Sestaya without losing concentration while his prick and fingers put in excellent performances she was going to do everything she could to ensure that he and Brandon would double up a few more times. And if this delicious pussy would press itself against her face again? Perfect. She pushed her tongue as deep into that pussy as it would reach to feel the body shiver before she worked one arm away from perfect breasts to allow her to insert fingers. She wondered how many times she could make this woman cum as a steady stream of tasty and tangy juice soaked her cheeks.
Super Hackers
"Rachel," Riku said and drew the brunette's gaze away from a couple of handsome men a few tables away in the hotel lounge as she looked at Riku's smile framed by straight, shoulder length hair, dyed royal blue on her right side and lavender on the left, "where did you get the software on your wrist pads? None of yours is standard..."
"Oh? We just bought them from the FruitTree Computers store, like everyone...," her response carried as much innocence as possible as her the loose dark brown curls of her slightly longer hair shook.
Riku snorted and held up her own wrist.
"Mine has enough spyware I created on it that I can read anyone's pad if I feel like it. Not to sneak, but I can't read anything from yours. I noticed that first night up at the Starshine but, well, I had other things on my mind rather than talking code. And a few of the other computer geeks have begged me for your names and numbers because no one can get anything! In fact, yours broke through the first level of MY security! That's... not possible."
Rachel smiled at the memory of this petite and beautiful SoCal gal who took on the biggest cock in Vegas. And won. Yes, other things on her mind.
"We like our privacy," Rachel shrugged, "despite the fact that we, well, have our sexual exploits broadcast to the world. Like you."
"Sure," Riku drained a quarter of her pint in one swig, "me too. And I knew I had a fair amount of shielding. I know some of your folks do programming or web design and such, did you guys build it? I want to meet him or her or them! They're beyond good."
"Not good," Rachel winked, "the best."
She sipped her wine as Riku's expression showed doubt.
"His name's Dark Star," at Rachel's statement Riku's eyebrows rose and her beer mug froze at her lips, "I fucked his brains out, he fixed up our wrist pads and tablets. And my computers for work."
"Dark Star? No fuckin' way. No one KNOWS him... he's never been identified."
"Well, I knew him, in the biblical sense," Rachel said and Riku snorted, "but he really knew Sue. Has a bad, I mean real bad, thing for redheads. But he's not like a lot of your computer guys, he's good looking and was really good in bed."
"Yeah," Riku nodded and smiled, "staring at a terminal all day has its downsides, unless you work at it. But Dark Star? How the hell..."
"Some of my accounting clients are... well," Rachel hesitated.
"Borderline cases," Riku interjected, "some hackers who work at the, oh, edge of legality, eh? Maybe I should talk to you about my own..."
It was Rachel's turn to snort.
"Yeah. When I first hooked up with Margaret I mentioned the issue to one of my university friends who was a computer guy and like my first client before I even graduated. Told him about my worries, Margaret had warned me because she'd found the 'official' FruitTree code just didn't cut it and even working with them didn't get much better. Seemed to me we could have so much more fun with a little obfuscation to hide who we really are. My guy said he knew a girl who might know a guy, but it might cost us plenty. Margaret told me to find out how much. Had to sleep with the girl but HER guy hooked me up with who he called 'best hacker anywhere but I don't KNOW him, send a request to this email address and tell him I sent you.' Didn't hear the name Dark Star until he told me himself."
"You're... serious, aren't you?" Riku said as she shook her head. "No one MEETS Dark Star. What's he like?"
"Short. Tall... well, his cock's like Todd's, not quite Jay's," Rachel said with a laugh, "older than me. Charming. Some quirks, weird clothes, but all things considered..."
She offered an apologetic look to Riku, who let out a sharp exhale.
"No apologies necessary, lots of 'my people' are massive asses. Many of us don't play well with others."
"Anyway, we met for dinner, he seduced me," Riku spit out a bit of her beer to that, "he waited until the morning after we'd barely slept all night to bring up that he really wanted me to hook him up with Sue. I was... a bit surprised how much he knew about me. When I agreed I'd introduce him to her he agreed to give us wrist pad software that would be protected against everything. And, well, the code he gives me and Sue is a bit better than that."
"Bit better. Hah."
"Anyway, didn't cost us a cent, and he paid for the dinners! Had a three way the next week but, well, fortunately Sue ate my pussy and fucked me with a strap-on while he did her front and rear or I'd have been wanking! Dark Star only had eyes for that bushy red cunt! They were quite the pair for a while, they invited me again but well, I left them to it after that first time."
"He's a freaking legend in hacking circles," Riku said, "and you and Sue fucked him? Bitches... Can you hook a girl up? I'd love to talk hacking with him but he's infamous for ignoring requests. If something catches HIS fancy he'll come to you, but even that... hardly ever happens. Maybe I'll dye my hair red."
"Won't work, trust me," Rachel said slowly, "after Area 51 blew up he said he needed to hide even deeper, claimed he was in danger from the people who'd blown it up. Sue was pretty sad for a bit. I think she kinda fell for him... a handsome hacker was the hero in her next book and shows up every now and again."
"Ah, I checked out a few of her books. I read that one," Riku smiled broadly, "I wondered about that, I was impressed how well she got some hacking details down. I also read the new one on the plane here."
"Just in case you're wondering, the hacker in that book doesn't look like Dark Star, she... changed things around," Rachel shrugged, "but about that new book."
Riku tilted her head to invite the comment.
"Her 'innocent Japanese-American heroine from Southern California...' Innocent!"
"Hey! I'd never even seen a man's naked cock before that night at the Starshine!"
Rachel blew a loud raspberry. "Hah! Maybe not a cock like Jay's but you'd been up close and personal with, oh, I think a few."
"Maybe a couple... or three," Riku said and she laughed with Rachel before she went serious, "people like Dark Star are pretty paranoid even when nukes aren't flying around, still lots of talk on the darknet about that disaster. But you're still in touch with him?"
"I have an email address, but my clients who know tell me it's just the first link in some sort of twisted chain. He's given us a few code updates for the tablets and wrist pads and mine and Sue's computers so he's out there... somewhere. I asked if we could trust the code we get, my guy and another computer guy who used to moonlight with our crew told me it had his signature and if he wanted to fuck us, we were good and fucked because anything he'd put in they'd never find. I couldn't argue with that! But I'll mention you."
"Tell him Shorty Beer Babe wants to talk quantum neurocognitive simulation with him," Rachel looked at the girl's empty mug and laughed, "I'm hoping he'll have seen the name."
"I'll remember the name," Rachel nodded and grinned, "but send me an email about the neuro-whatsit-cognicrap. I don't even know what those words mean! You have all kinds of secrets, don't you?"
Riku shrugged and signalled the server and pointed to her mug and Rachel's glass. The cute young server nodded and walked toward the bar.
"So I help, maybe you can tell me some things," the brunette said and Riku tilted her head slightly, "I mentioned he had quirks. Wasn't just the code, there was other stuff he talked about we had no clue. He told us why he always worked out, said he'd been a student of 'Leather Boy' and met him and 'Devil Girl.'"
Riku's newly shocked expression caused Rachel to pause, but Riku nodded and dipped her head to encourage her to continue.
"Anyway, he said those two were always fit and he was impressed they did all the work they did and fucked each other and others and worked out all the time. Said he did it to prove he could keep up. No idea who the hell they are."
"They... they're...," Riku's arms swung in arcs, "they caused our world. They unleashed the technology we use. Found the alien satellites and stole tech from them."
The petite girl went silent and squinted a bit at Rachel and her voice was soft.
"Ya know, Rachel, you look a lot like Devil Girl, I've only seen pictures and videos of her, your hair color's close, height, your skin, hell, even your tits and she never wore a bra either. And same as you skipping panties most of the time."
"Hey...," Rachel interjected, "I wear underwear. Sometimes. Maybe not tonight.. or anytime this week... but, like, are we that close? Dark Star wouldn't show us any pictures..."
"Yeah. Only difference, you comb your hair. She didn't. Well, almost never. Probably that's why Dark Star was willing to meet, you said he knew all about you. And just like you, in a couple videos, she ended up with plenty of cum all over her face and hair regularly. Except she was an astrophysicist. Not an accountant. But you two could be sisters, practically twins."
"That's weird...," Rachel paused as the server arrived with a mug of beer and a new glass of red wine and waved off their offers of payment before she collected the empties and she and Riku traded soft smiles, "oh, hey, girl, you are flexible, aren't you?"
"Last night, when I got here," the petite girl shrugged.
"She's a cutie. Good job! Anyway, makes sense about Dark Star, he clearly had an unrequited thing about Devil Girl. Even if she didn't have red hair. But the aliens," Rachel continued, "they exist? That's a conspiracy theory."
"No," Riku said simply and held her wrist up, "they're real. We had computers, but theirs were so much more advanced, they had these before we had any idea how to make them. And where do you think the fusion reactors came from? And super-stealth? And growing meats instead of killing animals? Devil Girl found their stealthed secret satellites and Leather Boy stole and released all of their tech. And they actually met the aliens. And they fucked like demons. I'll send you some videos."
"They weren't the only ones," Rachel said, her friend seemed so sure, "Dark Star talked about some chick he did fuck who was a friend of theirs, 'Hand Smasher.' Apparently she was a petite thing, like you. But he said she liked it up the butt too."
Riku snorted and tapped her mug against Rachel's glass.
"But I told you he had a thing for redheads?" Riku nodded to Rachel's question.
"Yeah, Hand Smasher had a friend, a redhead but she told him to bug off. He wouldn't even mention her name, still pissed after however many years."
"Redhead? Might've been the Angel, she was definitely a redhead and a friend of theirs."
"Devil Girl? Angel? Leather Boy? Hand Smasher? How'd they get those names?"
"Dunno about Hand Smasher, that'll need some research. The other three, started with a Halloween video, apparently went around the world on TV news reports. But, well, people said that Devil Girl actually was a demon," Riku shrugged at Rachel's exhaled laugh, "but most every picture I've found she had those devil horns and a tail... even black wings. Even when it wasn't close to Halloween."
"I like dress up but not THAT much," Rachel offered, "I mean, our last day for this show is Valentine's Day and we'll all have costumes, but other times?"
"You know those tiny blue skirts," Riku said, "that you guys had in Vegas? That for some reason no one had anything to wear under them?"
"Wild," Rachel nodded and smiled at that memory, "that everyone forgot their panties!"
Riku snorted.
"Anyway, she had a black and red one like that, but even shorter! And huge platform heels. Huge! And a black bustier that was pretty well open cup, her nipples were... only half-covered. And her devil getup, horns, tail, wings. Leather Boy was in ridiculously tight leather pants and a leather vest, hell, he'd have fit in with your crew no problem! And Devil Girl was leading him around on a leash. And Angel was with them, she had the same clothes but all in white, with a white halo and white wings."
"Leading him on a leash? Like... at the party? Was it at a party?"
"Nope. They were wandering around outside, Spring Carnival at their University. And none of them had any underwear on. Well, if Leather Boy did it was absolutely clinging because, well, he was impressive. Not Jay... but. Oh... hell!"
"Huh? What?"
"There was a crowd of people with them... I'll get you that video and maybe you can point out if Dark Star's there..."
"You know," Rachel said after a short mutual silence, "after Dark Star talked about them, I looked for stuff. Nothing. You say there are videos? Not even the darknet."
"Yeah," Riku started but her gaze went distant for a moment, "something... someone... is mucking around. If you don't know exactly WHERE the stuff is, you'll never find it. Find IT and the other tools just don't know about it. I mean, you can hide from them a bit, tell them not to scan, but it's not that. And I know people, their good people, who work there. No, somehow stuff about that crew is being actively wiped and hidden."
"That's like Dark Star, I... I fucked him and don't know his real name," Rachel said, "maybe Sue does. Don't know, she goes all moody and won't talk if I bring him up. But he could do that sort of thing."
"Yeah... maybe. But, from what I do have, Devil Girl's crew wanted info out there. Like I said, Leather Boy stole the alien tech and released it all. For free. Didn't hide it or try to sell it. Since, as you say, they're heroes to Dark Star, he'd do what they wanted. That's just one thing, if someone, something, is doing this, and he can't stop them... that's scary."
"Where are they all now?"
"That's another thing. No one knows, most folks think they went underground, like Dark Star, for some reason. But I kinda doubt that..."
"Why?" Rachel said into the pause.
"They... liked audiences. You think you like an audience. Those two would've considered what we did in Vegas lame. I can't imagine them staying out of sight. No, I'm sure they went with the aliens. I said they met the aliens?"
She paused and it was Rachel's turn to nod.
"Rumor says they had sex with the aliens, too."
Rachel's 'what' was broad and slow but silent before she got a faraway look. Then she laughed silently.
"I think they're either on the secret satellites or left on their starship to go... wherever."
"Did the aliens have anything to do with Area 51 blowing up? Some stuff I've heard... my guy that got me onto Dark Star set me up with a darknet connection, that's what it's called, right?
Riku nodded.
"Set me up as 'Numbers Runner,'" Rachel continued, Riku laughed, "since I'd gotten into accounting because of a beautiful redhead who told my eighth grade class about Al Capone, she had beautiful clothes and shoes and gold eyes. And her chest was like Diana's."
"I can see how you'd remember her," Riku smiled softly and nodded.
"But not her name," Rachel said wistfully before her expression went distant, "I... saw some of this on there. But there's so much that seems ridiculous..."
"Lots of it is, intentionally, hide the wheat in the chaff, we call it shitposting," Riku said after a long, slow sip that Rachel imitated, "but Area 51 wasn't aliens, it was terrorists. Human ones. Stole a nuke or bought one. We're nightmares. But rumors that some aliens were there, negotiating, something..."
Both women went silent and sipped their drinks.
Career Day
"Can someone tell me what jobs save people's lives," Asha asked as she stood in front of the middle school class and looked directly at a cute, dark-haired girl who sat just left of center at the third desk back, "c'mon, don't be shy!"
"Policeman," said a boy.
"Fireman," said a blonde girl.
"Yes, they do," Asha said as she took a couple of steps and turned, again looked at the girl's eyes that shone brightly with intelligence.
"Doctor," the girl said. Asha smiled at her and nodded.
"What's your name?"
"Rachel."
"Well, Rachel, did you know that accountants save people's lives?"
"Accountants?" Her expression made clear she'd never considered that. But it wasn't dismissive.
"Sure," Asha looked around the room, but made sure to return to Rachel, the class was polite but that girl's attention was focused, "accountants. Now, have you all heard of Al Capone?"
It took a moment, but then Rachel answered for the class 'the gangster?'
"Yes, back in the 1920s in Chicago he was a criminal. He was a bootlegger, that's like a drug dealer, he killed people, he had illegal gambling houses and ran numbers and prostitutes," that last got a nervous laugh from most of the students and a huff from the teacher but Rachel nodded, an 'of course' expression, "and more. And the government and the police were always after him. But you know, they never, ever got him. Until they sent accountants after him."
The rest of the students had perked up but Rachel's gaze was laser-like. Asha glanced and even the teacher, a fiftyish woman in a blouse and slacks in cuts last fashionable five years earlier, had morphed from bored to attentive listening to career choices that had passed her by and appeared to wonder at how this tale would end.
"Yes," Asha continued, a broad smile, "murder, illegal booze, gambling, they NEVER got him on it. NONE of it. But. They sent him to prison for TAX EVASION! Because he didn't have his own accountant good enough to take care of his money! He died in prison."
A murmur across the room, Asha smiled and locked eyes again with the entranced young Rachel. The girl was cute and growing into beautiful; she was going to be tall and had the beginnings of a perfect if athletic figure. Like most of the girls she wore a sporty miniskirt and skater shoes, both white to offer a nice contrast to her olive skin, her skirt an inch shorter than most others. And ankle socks. Like Devil Girl. This girl would blossom into a dark-eyed beauty almost the image of the hellspawn, her color and clothes and especially the damn socks had her well on the way. But hopefully she'd not be a pain in the ass havoc-bringing child of the underworld like that one.
Asha knew this Rachel hadn't so much noticed her as she'd noticed Asha's clothes and the long, crimson hair. The gap left by her unbuttoned deep purple blazer exposed her cream white blouse. It fit snugly across her ample chest and if one looked closely combined with her bra there was considerable cleavage. She'd been chided about 'too much' such on a previous visit. This top that she thought of as her 'pirate blouse' obscured the view with intricate antique-style lacework across the top front of it to her throat and so far no one in local officialdom had mentioned anything. But it was there for ones who looked properly. Just as her knee length skirt of that same purple offered a slit up her left thigh that would allow the attentive to just notice the top band of her stockings.
And this Rachel had definitely noticed the stockings. And a quirk of that cute smile seemed to indicate she'd seen Asha top to bottom. She'd definitely looked with admiration at the high stiletto pumps that Asha had worn instead of her usual over the ankle boots. Compared to most of her classmates Rachel's skirt was more stylish and her caramel gold blouse was better fitted, perfectly proper for a girl a year into her teens but complimentary, comfortable, flowing with her. Yes, this girl would be a demonic beauty. But at least a stylish demonic beauty. Her hair was combed.
"So remember. Accountants have the power of life and death. We have the magic of double entry bookkeeping. We know everything there is to know about you and if you don't treat us right? We'll make sure you go to prison. Treat us right and we'll keep you out of prison! We have great responsibility. If we mess up, people suffer."
Little Rachel beamed. Asha knew a few of the students might at least remember this day fondly but with that one? The capricious gods of the dark financial arts had a new acolyte. This was her third of five classrooms to visit this day in her rotation with the other speakers, but knowing that at least one would follow her was all Asha asked for on such days. Especially when she kept the bright ones away from physics and computer science. Away from Devil Girl and Leather Boy, that pair who'd done so much to usher in this new world of such high promise and hidden terrors.
The Dare
Both Riku and Rachel were silent for a few moments before the brunette's curly hair shook as she caught sight of dark hair and chocolate skin in the corner of her eye. She turned her head and smiled. Riku delayed a moment then turned and smiled as they watched Margaret's face return their broad smiles and they stood to greet her.
Like the younger pair, their boss was in very snug jeans that accented her hips and round ass and a tight and long-sleeved top that flowed around her breasts. Her alteration was a push-up bra that supported deep cleavage. Like Rachel, Riku had skipped a bra and both sets of firm and protruding nipples were barely covered by smooth and deeply dipped cloth. Margaret's height was almost exactly between the two others and she wrapped each in turn with hugs before she signalled to the server and pointed at Rachel's wine to get a nod in return.
"What's up? You two looked like you'd seen ghosts?"
Riku and Rachel both laughed nervously.
"We kind of did, people who died," Rachel said, "well, not friends, but..."
Margaret nodded before she offered a broad smile to the server as she delivered a glass of wine. Rachel scooted to the back of the semi-circular booth and Margaret sat down.
"Enough of that," Margaret said firmly, "so, Riku, did your video with Jay and Diana cause you any issues? My IT people tell me every time views slow down someone named Shorty Beer Babe forwards it somewhere new and comments and riles things up again. They tell me she's making some decent cash off of it. Friend of yours? Or need help chasing her down? Or him, or whatever?"
Rachel fought to keep her mouthful of wine contained with a hard snort. Riku laughed.
"Nah, I got it covered, getting my cut," Riku said with a quick eye that convinced Rachel to just smile and nod, "in fact, I might need a good accountant. Rachel, you know a GOOD accountant?"
Margaret laughed softly and Rachel sniffed hard. Riku continued.
"And the video has actually helped a couple of times."
"Oh?" The question in stereo.
"Work meeting, code review, about eight guys and me. One of them was pretty persistent about dropping hints and rude asides, he'd obviously seen it but he'd been an ass to me even before, to some of the other women too. I finally looked at him and asked him to stand up. He smirked but did so. I told him, 'ok, so you've seen the video. You've all seen it.' No one denied that, so I looked at the asshole. 'Ok, if you've got what my man in Vegas had, let's see it. Flop it right out on the table. If it stretches halfway across like his, I'll do you right here. I stood up and undid the top button in my shirt. In fact, if you've got what he has, I'll do every one of you. Right here, right now.' Should've seen his face. Massive fish gape."
Margaret and Rachel both laughed at that and their expressions encouraged their petite new recruit to continue.
"He hemmed and hawed and I pointed at his crotch. 'C'mon, get it out, I could use a good reaming, and these guys are horny and could use some sugar, I bet.' I undid another button and one of the guys, he and I have been friends for a long time, told the dude, 'yeah, c'mon, I want a taste. Get it out.' His mouth just gaped open and his head swivelled. Finally he just told me 'fuck off, slut.' And one of the other guys said 'ok, needledick, thanks for nothing, guess we'll just have to get back to work. Now, sit down and shut up.' He threw up his hands and walked out. Became the laughing stock, quit a couple weeks later because everyone kept calling him needledick.' Besides, I'm the smartest one there."
"That's more mileage then you get out of your videos, Rachel," she snorted at Margaret's jibe.
"Okay then, little girl," it was Riku's turn to snort at Rachel, "let's take our minds off the past. How about a contest?"
"Name it. We all know I'll kick your ass you want to try the lipstick thing! And been practicing."
"She will, Rach, Diana taught her well."
"She only did two guys the whole show," the brunette held her hand with thumb and index fingers in a vee and at Margaret's glance Riku nodded and Rachel raised one more finger, "although we'll call it three and half, Jay's counts for more than one."
The three women laughed at that.
"But I did two and three at a time. So. Whichever one of us does the most total guys gets a cash bonus. Two at a time gets an extra point, three boys at once gets two extra points."
Riku sniffed and she held her hands up with her fingers and thumbs touching to make circles. She moved her hands back and forth.
"Three might be enough for you but that leaves me with two free hands. What's the bonus for having them busy too?"
"That'll count double," Margaret stated, "ten points. But in all cases you have to get every guy to cum, although you don't have to be like Rachel and use it for hair gel."
The brunette's raspberry was immediate, then she spoke.
"What about teammates?"
"No more than half your points can come from our boys so they only count if you get that many points from outsiders. And no skipping work shifts. I'm not paying you girls to fuck," that got two snorts in response and Margaret grinned.
"And the first two times each civilian blows counts as one. No second point after a quickie. They won't last long first time with your sweet asses and pussies. And hands and mouths. Our boys, ONLY the first time counts, they know what they're doing, I trained them, most could go multiple times all night," both younger women smiled and nodded at that.
"If the outsiders can manage a third, that'll count for another point. And if it's not recorded, it doesn't count, doesn't have to be streamed though, unless you and your lovers agree. Double points for live streams with outsiders, but not with our guys!"
"What about girls?" Riku said as she winked at Rachel, who stuck her tongue out and waggled the tip up and down.
"Count double," said Margaret, "your hands or mouth, same, gotta get 'em to cum. But not our girls, they're all way too horny. If they're not, they're not our girls!"
Riku and Rachel both snorted. Margaret paused, continued.
"I'll have to open it up, can't show favouritism. Maybe Sue will show you both up."
"Hah," Rachel said, "she's a sprinter. She can pull hell of a train but that'll do her in for the week! This is a marathon. Viv could offer a challenge if she's in the mood, couple others. Maybe. But most are just like this little girl here, one good round and done, I'm betting."
"Stick with your vibrator this week, Rachel, save your embarrassment," Riku said.
"Big mouth for a little girl, Riku, this is real, not one of your VR wanking games," Riku's turn to stick her tongue out and wiggle the tip.
"I'll need something for the boys. And I'll need something for Ivy and Diana and the others, you know, ones who have incredibly handsome and sensual partners. Ivy's one of my best and Eric is one hell of a hunk. Too bad she won't share, I'd like a taste of him! At least Diana shares Jay, lord knows there's plenty for all!"
Two sets of dark eyes looked at Riku and she smiled and tipped her mug at them.
"Anyway, leave that and the awards to me, shake on it you two."
The competitors extended hands and did so and offered their best heavyweight boxer weigh-in glares.
"That's the spirit, ladies. We have orientation tomorrow afternoon. I'll announce the contests and explain the rules, anything you do before is pre-season training. May the horniest woman win."
They tapped glasses and mug and all three emptied their drinks.
"About time, ladies, we've got the pre-event meeting with the organizers. So, Riku, since this is the 'Sex, Toys and Bots' show, your company have any bots here?"
"Not our own," Riku answered, "we license some of our basic AIs for sex bots but no one wants our full ones. No one wants a sex bot THAT intelligent, people buy the higher-end models for basic conversation, our ELIZA systems are perfect for that. But more than that, if you have to be witty and smart and kind to get the bot to fuck you, why bother. Just find a human!"
She added a snort as Rachel and Margaret laughed.
"Let's roll," Margaret said, "this is the boring part, Riku, but you wanted to see it all. And Rachel is an accountant and she lives for boring."
Margaret led them out of the booth as she and Riku laughed at Rachel's latest raspberry.
Saké
Sue smiled at the dark, glittering eyes of Riku, no, 'Tammy' Takagawa, as those eyes crinkled and she pulled her head far enough back to smile as her mouth slid just off the hard cock. She looked hard at Sue's commera as she well knew this was going live to the net. The petite young woman from Los Angeles swirled her tongue around the bulbous head as the cock's owner held his position as if a director had given him instructions.
And speaking of directors, Sue heard Margaret in her earpiece 'ask' her for a tight closeup on Riku's face. Sue used her fingers to adjust and her target must have read the movement because she exaggerated her tongue's attack on its target. Of course she read it. The cute and petite girl was her's and Rachel's age but had more degrees than the two of them and the rest of the pod combined and had forgotten more about any and every sort of computer or anything related to them as the rest of the crew had ever learned. But somehow she'd at the same time managed to learn as much about sex as her red headed cinematographer!
Sue adjusted the commera to keep Riku's face as she moved. It didn't surprise Sue that the petite body moved, but that she handled all three cocks at once was... impressive. Riku sucked the cock into her mouth as Sue widened the focus to show the girl on her hands and knees. She'd flipped over as much for the reason that they'd run out of guys as anything else which explained why there weren't two cocks in her hands, as she'd managed for a fair part of the evening. The commera widened to show the whole quartet as Sue stepped to the head of the bed.
The black skin of the man under Riku glittered with sweat. This was his third time and Sue squatted slightly to show his broad hands that wholly engulfed Riku's small but perfectly round breasts. His strong thighs flexed to let him fuck his lover's pussy with a wet squelching sound on each thrust.
Long blond hair fell around the second man's face as he looked at Sue, his cheeks ruddy from exertion as he knelt behind 'Tammy.' Sue had a fair amount of experience with a man in her pussy and one in her ass at the same time and she enjoyed it if the guys were good but she'd never worked to get it to happen like Rachel did.
And apparently the girl on the bed in front of her had that in common with her brunette friend.
Sue smiled thinking about Rachel. That beautiful friend was at the far end of the hotel floor in an identical three-room suite. The fact their boss Margaret had gotten these two big corner suites that had views over the Magnificent Mile, the beautifully re-redeveloped Navy Pier and a partially frozen Lake Michigan should've been surprising, but, well, she was Margaret. She did these things.
The surprise had been at the team's orientation meeting for this year's 'Sex, Toys & Bots' trade show at McCormick Place on a revitalised piece of Chicago lakefront. As in Vegas a few months earlier and plenty of shows before Margaret's crew had been hired to staff about a third of the booths. Each got paid a base salary but everyone could earn bonuses based on sales and attendance exceeding various plateaus. It had been easy in Vegas, after orientation the crew had set off in all directions along the Strip. Sue and Rachel had led their's and a few pods of boys and girls to a rooftop lounge where they'd found Riku and a couple of hundred of her computer industry compatriots, in town for their own conference. By the end of the evening many of the assembled geeks, male and female, had been naked or all but naked and hooked up, chief among them had been this petite Riku who had Jay's cock in her mouth and Diana's fingers in her pussy and had made a vow that she'd swallow that cock, the biggest of the boys in Margaret's crew, to the root and follow that up with an ass fuck with him to end all ass fucks. Jay, at six foot six, and his six foot girlfriend Diana with the most amazing triple-D tits Sue had ever seen, took her under their wings.
The girl had succeeded and with the geeks and an area construction crew added as well as folks pulled in from up and down the Strip the show had broken attendance records. But now the petite thing had challenged Rachel. That was... nuts. Rachel had become the redhead's fast friend since they'd met as college sophomores in a beyond-boring marketing class required for both, almost the sole overlap between their respective accounting and fine arts tracks. Sue loved the brunette's lustful abandon but she'd also learned that keeping up with her sexual exploits, any attempt to keep up, was generally a bad idea. Rachel had as quickly established that same dominance over Margaret's crew. But the redhead's smile morphed from enjoyment at Riku's endeavours to her own.
And Dark Star. The one time Sue had sexually outdone her beautiful and vivacious friend. But then her smile wavered at the thought of that man.
Why? Why had his image come into her head? There'd been no hard feelings back... when. When he'd gone. And she'd met and fucked plenty of men since. But none had felt the same. Not quite.
And Riku. That girl had complimented Sue on 'A Conundrum in Code,' her novel of a shady but good-hearted underground hacker-for-hire who'd found, lost and regained love when he'd discovered her at the heart of a team of black hat hackers acting at the behest of the required evil corporations and turned her against them. But something in that surfer girl lilt she could essay had implied something more than the base compliment. And it hadn't concerned 'Not Such an Angelic City,' the new novel spun around Riku's recent adventures, with the young woman's enthusiastic approval. No, something was up.
Riku's moan around the cock in her mouth pulled Sue back to her duties. That and a jerk of her hips had pushed her trio of lovers into the hard, final stretch. Her mouth worked back and forth and her cheeks flexed and her torso pushed to ensure the pair of cocks plunged to full depth with each thrust while natural liquids and added lube gushed against thighs and crotches. Sue pulled out to capture all of the participants, with Riku's oral effort centered.
At a crescendo of moans Riku moved forward and three stiff shafts sprang free with the moans of the owners coincidentally synchronized. She nudged the owner of the cock that had recently been in her mouth and flipped onto her back on the bed between him and alongside the man on his back as he rolled to face her.
"Soak me, boys," she said as pushed her breasts together and caught each man's eyes for a flash. She opened her mouth and wagged her tongue at them. The prone man pushed himself to his knees and slid to the top of Riku's head to allow the third man to move alongside. Sue sidled quickly to a position at the foot of the bed, the prone woman opened her legs to allow the commera a quick view of red, puffy labia and matted, short-cropped dark pubic hair before the view moved to capture the three men as they knelt around her.
"Aaahhh," Riku's voice was moan and encouragement as she looked at each man in turn as they stroked their cocks.
This wasn't against the rules, Sue thought as she pulled into a tight and quick focus on each in turn before she widened to pull Riku's upturned face back into the shot. Margaret allowed it for a 'finish,' their boss the judge and jury should a dispute arise had the participant actually been involved 'long enough.' Sue was near certain this wouldn't be such a case.
The man on the left grunted as he adjusted his angle to let loose his first shot across the waiting chin before he crossed the tongue to mostly find the left cheek. His second shot was better aimed and Riku wiggled her tongue as he deposited his load, the last of it joined the jism already on her chin.
The dam broke. Two more streams of cum erupted. One landed on her forehead before it streamed toward her mouth while the other sprayed across both cheeks. The man who'd been first directed his last sputtering release onto two waiting and erect nipples while his companions let loose with their final deliveries across chin, cheeks, nose and more. Only an incredible reflex meant a spray landed on quickly closed eyelid rather than a bright, brown iris.
Each man was reduced to a dribble before Riku flexed her toned abs and rose to quickly suck each cock dry as she pushed hands away and used her assured strokes to empty them fully. After the last she flexed and hopped to her knees then turned and grabbed each man's head and kissed him. Not even the last one was quick enough to escape sharing in her bounty of commingled cum. Finally, she spun to face Sue and the commera.
"This is Tammy Takagawa," her voice had dropped the surfer girl lilt and was a husky, accented geisha's and white cum was smeared across her face and small, round tits, "come to the after-show party tonight for my St. Valentine's Day massacre, when I show Al Capone who runs this town."
Plans Change
The thought that forced its way into Sue's fogged brain was that someone was going to die. She didn't yet know who but did know that someone would soon discover the nature of the afterlife.
That someone's death would be written up. Or maybe it wouldn't. After all, there'd be nothing left but a smear of blood and viscera of whoever was monumentally stupid enough to be at her door at this time.
Valentine's Day be damned.
As Sue's mind booted up it channeled Zoe Zabriskie, her least-used pseudonym. All of her novels were under pseudonyms, primarily Hannah Hendricks for her romance novels, PG-rated and generally light-hearted and first published when she was still in high school. Hannah had a tempestuous relationship with her 'younger sister' Hester, who wrote edgier romances with lots of eroticism and as in 'Code' and 'Angelic' sex that often crossed the border into explicit, if with genteel language. Riku had insisted that her avatar, Los Angeles-born Tsukiko Connelly, keep her virginity for the first two thirds of the novel despite regularly finding herself naked or near-naked, with a long and intense sex scene that featured every orifice penetrated as well as some light bondage and toys the culmination. It was the first Hester Hendricks novel that had featured the female lead pegging the male as part of the denouement, Riku's insistence after watching Danny get the same from his blonde geekette Jan at the Vegas after-show party. Online chatter indicated she'd lost a few fans over it but had gained more. Pegging wouldn't be a regular addition but it wouldn't disappear.
The two lines were her chief output and Hannah and Hester had nurtured communities of online fans that regularly went to war with each other. Sue had exploited the world's move to ebooks and online selling with gusto, especially since they meshed well with the genres in which she wrote but she'd been cagey with live or recorded online experiences.
Until she'd met Dark Star.
It'd been his idea for her to appear regularly online as Hannah or Hester, the hacker's tricksy software displayed and voiced two women who were believable sisters but beyond the red hair common to all three only distant relations, at best, to Sue herself. And neither sister missed an opportunity for plentiful digs at the other.
But she'd also dabbled in crime fiction to emulate her hero and namesake, Sue Grafton. She'd enjoyed writing as Zoe who was very creative in thinking of brutal and horrible methods of dispatching humans. But she'd found the other side, the investigator side, something of a boring chore to write.
But it was a brutal dispatch that was needed now. Her wrist pad vibrated again and the knocking on the door repeated. Maybe her neighbors would take care of sending the walking corpse to its fate.
"Sue, open up. We have things to do," Riku's voice came from Sue's wrist pad, the novelist regretted that the petite thing's next appearance in one of her books would be as a corpse. Alas, given the situation there was little choice.
"Get fucked, 'Tammy,' I'm sleeping," her voice was a hoarse croak.
"Sleep later, we need to go roust Alicia. And I have gifts for you guys!"
Gifts? What the hell was the girl up to? Sue grunted. Her wrist pad had Dark Star's filters that allowed her voice to be any of her alter egos. Zoe's low contralto had an intentional rasp crafted to convey subconscious threat or lustful welcome.
"Filter Zoe," Sue said before she nudged the wrist pad, "I'm going to make sausage out of your guts, girl."
"I have an old family recipe you can use," Sue snorted at the response, "c'mon. Please!"
"Minute," Sue growled as she pushed her legs over the bed and sat then grunted as she stood up. Her bare feet shuffled along the carpet and she pulled the door open. Riku smiled as she stood just outside the door wearing slippers and a tiny robe that managed to only just cover those cute tits but didn't bother to do the same for equally cute pussy and ass. The girl's stance indicated she knew and didn't care. A red suitcase stood behind her and reached to her waist.
"How'd you know I was alone, Red? Opening the door naked? C'mon, we need to hassle Alicia. And I've already ordered breakfast, it's on the way," Riku said with a broad grin as dark brown eyes worked their way down Sue's body and finally rose to look brightly at a pair of hooded hazel eyes.
"How are you up already? Whatever, I... need... come in, wait," Sue did her best Zoe imitation before she turned and slammed the bathroom door closed behind her.
Sue had the slightest smile as she walked alongside Riku to Rachel's room while the unexplained red suitcase hummed as it rolled on little wheels behind its mistress. Despite the winter chill outside the hotel it was surprisingly comfortable inside so Sue had relented to the arrival's urging and pulled on nothing more than a robe with fractionally more coverage than the LA girl's. Despite her chipper attitude, Sue had seen the depths of fatigue in and around those dark and pretty eyes.
They stopped in front of Rachel's door and Riku tapped at her wrist pad. Although their own pads could block contacts it was tradition that all of Margaret's people kept theirs open to the team. Sue hoped Rachel would have her moment of regret at that but her growing smile froze when the door opened without even a response.
"Zi... Zia?" Sue said haltingly as a beautiful, olive-skinned woman opened the door. She wore an all-but sheer dark gray chemise that barely reached the middle of her thighs seemingly with nothing under it and her dark hair fell loosely around her shoulders. Her dark grey heels coordinated perfectly.
"Good morning, Sue, Tammy," the woman's dark right eye winked at the second name as her accent morphed from a Tehran bazaar to a Dallas honkytonk, "I'm not Zia, I'm her sister, Sestaya."
Sue looked past the lovely woman and saw Rachel kissing a tall and well-built man with light brown hair. She looked back at the nearer woman before she glanced and saw an apprising smile on Riku's face.
"Come in, Brandon and I are just leaving, some of us have real jobs," Sestaya's voice had returned to Tehran and she stepped sideways to open the portal. Sue followed Riku into the room. The previously-unknown sister of one of Margaret's newer recruits seemed to stifle a laugh as the red suitcase rolled between them as the two entered.
The man, Brandon apparently, stood alongside Rachel. He wore a pair of slacks and a button-down shirt and black shoes, casual but well-tailored and the brunette seemed bright-eyed with her right arm twined around his left. Sue squinted quickly as she looked at her friend. Rachel's expression was... different. The redhead erased her quick smile.
"Tonight, my lovely lady," Brandon said and he and Rachel kissed quickly before he separated and followed Sestaya into the hall and they laughed softly at some private comment as the door closed itself behind them.
"You look like shit, Sue," Rachel's voice was clear if a bit deeper than usual, "and you, rice wine seller. Ready to concede yet?"
Sue deputised the raised middle finger on her right hand to be her spokesgesture. Rachel laughed but further reply stopped when the melodious doorbell rang, Sue growled in her throat. So much nicer than a short and annoyingly chipper bitch knocking at your door.
Rachel mouthed a 'wha' at the door but Riku walked quickly and opened the door.
"Right on time, and it smells like everything's here," Riku said as she held the door and stepped aside. After a moment a cart covered with a white tablecloth and numerous plates covered with silver lids rolled into the room. Sue smiled when she saw the young, wide-eyed man as he tried to steer the cart into an open space. Somehow Riku's robe had shifted and both breasts were perfectly framed along with her dark landing strip. His cheek flexed as he tried to keep his mouth closed.
Sue had to admit that the aromas were nice. Much better than the breakfast she'd expected to have; a swigged cup of coffee and a stale danish rushing to get the bus to the convention center!
"Ah," Rachel approached him and his head jerked and this time his jaw dropped slightly as she lifted a bottle from its icy repose, "and you did get my request to upgrade the champagne!"
Sue watched his gaze work down her body. Her robe was long and some sort of silky fabric, white, and transparent enough being nude would've been more covered.
"Ye... ye... yes, ma'am," he finally stammered as he forced his gaze onto her face before he turned at Riku's voice.
"I'll sign that," she pointed to the black vinyl case on the rear edge of the table.
"Oh, ah," he looked down as if he'd forgotten about it.
"I hope you're not busy tonight," Rachel purred and tapped her wrist and the young man's wrist pad beeped, "come to McCormick Place tonight for the after party. Ask for Alicia Capone. Don't worry, it's all in the invitation."
Riku sniffed and twisted her own wrist. The young man's wrist pad made a 'blat' sound that caused Rachel to chuckle and Riku gave her a sharp look followed by an understanding smile. The sound had been harsh enough to force his gaze away from his two tormentors for an instant.
"Tammy Takagawa is the name you want," Riku's accent LA surfer girl filtered through a certain sort of Roppongi or Kabukicho club as she pulled his gaze back on her. The voice reminded Sue of her visits to those districts before she'd met Riku. Her heroine in her first Hester Hendricks novel had been an American girl who'd gone where none had gone before. Her high school graduation present had been a trip to Tokyo and she'd cajoled her rather reluctant acquaintances, two Japanese girls who'd been exchange students at her high school, into taking her into Tokyo's underbelly. The biggest shock had been the 'shy' one, a girl who in Sue's notice had worn nothing but shapeless almost asexual clothing and hadn't even dated in high school had dove right in. They'd had intermittent direct contact in recent years but Sue had seen that young woman's most recent direct to video offering, a surprisingly high-budget action-adventure porno that was like live manga; her acquaintance an often-naked female samurai who battled corrupt samurai and ronin and yakuza and a giant radioactive dinosaur obviously tuned just enough to avoid a lawsuit from Toho, the owners of Godzilla, that ran rampant. Men she didn't dice into cubes she fucked into brainlessness. She may have been a late starter but she was no slouch now. Sue needed to get that girl and Rachel together, if they thought Godzilla, or a faux-Godzilla, could destroy Tokyo, her two friends let loose would soon engender within the city's citizenry fond thoughts for the radioactive beast.
"And bring your friends from the gym," Rachel's throaty voice said as she put the champagne back on ice and touched the confused young man's bicep, "I'll be waiting."
Sue noticed that the poor guy did seem solidly built, his full coverage uniform not complimentary. But his tense stance as two women exuded way too many hormones for the time of day seemed to confirm it.
Riku stepped to the suffering fellow's other side and handed him the vinyl bill case.
"Thank you for getting our breakfast here while it's still nice and hot," her voice still that mix of cultures.
He looked at her, then at Rachel. His nod was more of a spasm and Sue was certain no blood could make it to his brain at the moment. But he managed to smile and nodded again before he backed away and on autopilot took the door handle and pulled the door closed as he left.
"All right, you crazy bitches," Sue sent Zoe's rough voice with an extra deep rasp through her wrist pad to theirs and it sounded in stereo and two faces turned toward her, "what the fuck is going on?"
"Someone who likes me, so obviously not a certain redhead," Rachel's voice was light-hearted, at least in part, "slipped me some info about a certain saké seller's breakfast plans. But at least I made sure she paid for some decent champagne. Not the cheap swill they like in LA! Probably would've been in a box."
Riku snorted. "C'mon," she added, "let's eat while it's still hot."
She pushed the cart to the table while Rachel and Sue glared at each other.
"Besides," Riku said cheerily, "I have gifts and videos! Alicia..."
The brunette looked at her opponent. "Yes?"
"Be a dear and open our champagne."
Rachel snorted but she grabbed the bottle again and worked at the cork. Sue shook her head and sat down.
"Slide around, Sue," Riku suggested, as she poured three mugs of coffee, "so you can see the TV."
"Before I do," Sue wanted to use Zoe but resisted, "what's with the suitcase? It follows you around?"
Riku laughed and Sue jumped slightly when the champagne bottle popped loudly. Rachel filled the three flutes on the cart while Sue slid her chair and Riku filled three plates and set them around the table and Rachel followed suit with her offering. The three sat.
"Trunky," Riku said, "come."
The red suitcase rolled to stop next to her. She pulled a pad puter from an outside pocket.
"Trunky, lie down," an audible whir and a thin arm extended sideways and contacted the floor as it leaned and then retracted until the suitcase was flat.
"Ladies," Riku raised her flute, "here's to St. Valentine's Day massacres."
Glasses tapped.
"Here's to teaching little LA girls a lesson about love on the day for lovers," Rachel said to snorted laughs and another set of clinked glasses.
"Here's to the two of you appearing as horribly decomposed corpses in Zoe Zabriskie's next book," Sue's voice was still hoarse but nothing close to Zoe's raspy husk and two snorts accompanied the tinkled glasses.
"Here's to presents," Riku said, "Trunky, open."
Sue craned her neck with a mouthful of scrambled eggs to look into the opened suitcase. She saw black and white clothes but couldn't quite work out exactly what they were. She redirected.
"What the fuck IS that thing, Riku? It follows you, you talk to it...," Sue said. Rachel's expression seemed interested but she stayed silent.
"Trunk Ready for Untouched Navigation Keeping, T R U N K," Riku said to a pair of amused exhales, "well, the name definitely needs some work. It links to your wrist pad and follows you, obeys a few basic commands."
"Is THIS what your super-secret company does? Instead of sex bots?" Rachel asked with exaggerated amusement, "I mean, I guess it has a computer in it..."
"We don't make it," Riku said simply, "we do the voice and drive controls. Not our deep stuff, just work for hire to make some money. And, I think they will sell when they're ready in a couple of months. And a better name."
"So what're those clothes in it?" Sue's question.
"After this," Riku tapped at her pad and the large flatscreen TV came to life. It was on one of the twenty-four hour news channels. Sue's quick glance at Rachel told her the device had been unused until now. The petite woman with the dyed hair tapped at her pad.
Sue fought to tamp down any obvious reaction. What the hell was this girl playing at?
Rachel set her fork down and chewed slowly and her head tilted slightly.
The nose. Sue knew the nose. And the eyes. She'd been struck by how dark Rachel's eyes were from the first moment they'd met. But they were brown, not truly black, even if the deepest brown she'd ever seen. And Rachel's nose wasn't so narrow or sharp.
A quick glance told her Riku had some idea of what they were watching. This was some sort of plan. For what? Another glance told her Rachel had indeed never seen this. But what did Riku KNOW about hers and Rachel's connection?
"That's Devil Girl, isn't it," Rachel said slowly and she looked at Riku who nodded, "and I guess that's Leather Boy. Yeah, he'd do well in our crew. Both of them... Nice leash too."
The young woman on the screen was all but the spitting image of the seated brunette. Sue's mind went back to that university class and a nineteen year old Rachel, same as the girl in the video. Both had the same long legs and firm body and the same unnaturally buoyant breasts and with her body slightly turned in the frame the same round but very attractive ass. They clearly shared a love of ridiculous high heels and skirts short enough that both sets of legs were fully visible. And for both, if a bit more just above that was sometimes visible, that was fine too.
With it combed the demon's hair on the screen was truly a match with Rachel's. Sue was reminded anew that the eyes on the screen really weren't any sort of brown. Dark Star said up close although both pupil and iris were black, you could see the line, and if anything the iris was incredibly an even darker black. He'd also said he'd shivered the first time she'd looked at him. Into him.
"Those are great wings," Rachel said, "and devil horns. You said she wore horns..."
Sue's mouth opened but she stifled her voice. The statement hadn't been to her. Beyond what Rachel had heard from Dark Star Sue hadn't revealed more. She glanced but couldn't read Riku's expression.
"Let's watch," Riku said and she tapped her pad.
"Where's the angel? Express train to hell if she doesn't show up!" Devil Girl said as the video's view pulled back to show a knot of costumed people around the couple, most with various levels of exposure although none matched the demon and her leashed prey. All of them were around that 'early twenties more or less' age of the focus couple. She turned and her barely-there black and red pleated skirt flared and confirmed her lack of underwear, plenty of appreciative eyes followed. Behind the people stood a building of at least ten stories with lots of exposed concrete and windows and not much else.
"I like her," Rachel said, "she did that intentionally... and..."
Then an angel appeared. The Angel, Sue knew, and Rachel's statement stopped and her mouth froze. The redhead on the screen was shorter than the Demon but had the same style of pleated skirt and the same thigh-high stockings connected to garters as the Demon with the difference hers were all pure, bright white. And instead of the black ankle-breakingly high heels with red platforms the infernal beauty wore, Angel's feet were in white boots, albeit with black soles.
Sue realized her friend was staring at her and turned away from the screen. Riku chuckled and paused it.
"You're shitting me," Rachel said with an amused lilt as she looked at Sue, "that Angel is Hester Hendricks!"
Sue offered a tight smile before she shrugged and sniffed and drained the last half of her champagne in a single swig and reached for the bottle to refill. Fuck that. Swig straight. She did so and then poured. She glared quickly at Riku who still had that smile of utter neutrality. No, not a corpse. A horribly mangled corpse... But not the head. The head wouldn't be there. Zoe had other plans for the head.
"And she's wearing Doc Martens 8 eyes," Rachel's amusement ticked up a level as her gaze wandered from the screen to Sue, "I remember when you bought that pair..."
Sue's response was to continue her glare.
Riku tapped her pad and the video unfroze and the Angel threw her arms around the leashed Leather Boy's neck and pushed her mouth onto his. The approach had flared her tiny skirt which flashed a view of an uncovered landing strip that matched Devil Girl's except being a sunset red instead of black. Leather Boy's hands went under the skirt and grabbed an ass cheek each as he bent slightly for his mouth to join the battle against its assailant. In contrast to the leathery black wings of the demon, the Angel's wings were white and feathered and they flapped on her back and her halo quivered. Devil Girl turned slightly and her long devil's tail swung, the bright red triangle point snapped like a whip. Her own night black wings flapped in imitation of the Angel's.
Her demonic laughter was deep and raspy as the crowd chanted "save him from the demon! save him from hell!" Devil Girl's laughter just intensified as the Angel twisted to grind her hip into an apparently welcoming crotch.
"Enough, Creature of Light and Purity," the black-haired demon's voice was suddenly a terrible rasp and even Riku winced a bit and Rachel's body stiffened before she grinned, "the time for battle has not yet come."
She took a step and grabbed shoulders and separated the Angel and Leather Boy before she quickly pulled the white-clad one into an embrace and she bent and the two young women kissed. Hard. Black and white wings flapped and each reached around and lifted the other's skirt to offer truly unobstructed views.
"Nice," Rachel's own voice was suddenly raspy, "when can I meet this Leather Boy? I want to rip those leather pants off him.. him and those two all at once!"
The Angel pushed herself away and fussed at her waist for a moment before she detached some sort of white coiled item. She grabbed each end and reached and attached a clip to the same hook on Leather Boy's neck band that held Devil Girl's black leash.
"Let's go, Girlchild of the Underworld," the Angel said, "souls need saving. And I'm here to save them!"
"Dream on if you think you'll be saving THIS one," the taller demon turned the trio so they faced the camera quickly. Two pairs of erect nipples played peek-a-boo, one set large and dark red half-above a black half-cup bustier with red ribs, the other set smaller and pinker but offering clear contrast to the Angel's white bustier with light pink ribs and pale skin. The camera's view wavered a moment then focused on Leather Boy's crotch before it tightened to block everything else out as it followed the shape of his shaft down his left thigh.
"Agent Upshaw," the camera pulled back and the horned head turned to the camera's left to show the approach of an older woman, "you decided to join us after all."
That damned voice, Sue thought, a low and raspy purr that she felt in her crotch. Even Riku's tongue touched her lips. The new arrival was in all black, from her knee-high stiletto boots, leather pants as tight as Leather Boy's, and a vest with a weave of laces that held it together but left a wide gap the length of her torso that revealed the inner swells of her large breasts pushed together by the tightness of the vest and taut abs. Her long, light brown hair was held in a loose ponytail. Black gloves that reached to her elbows completed the outfit.
"I wouldn't miss this for the world, Demon," the woman, 'Agent Upshaw,' had an assured voice as she uncoiled something, "besides, a few of you might need some discipline."
"Agent? Holy shit," Rachel said, "that's one hell of a..."
Upshaw pre-empted her comment with a rapid swing as she cracked her whip to the edge of the concrete path and sliced the tops from a few blades of grass. Onlookers who'd edged forward jumped back as did the Angel. Devil Girl and Leather Boy smiled and held their ground. Even the camera jittered at the crack. She coiled the whip and held it and gave the couple a tight smile.
"Just remember, Agent," Devil Girl purred, "he's very dangerous to women of your advanced age."
"Advanced age. Hah. I might be dangerous to him if he's too used to you little know-nothing girls."
A distant shout from outside of the camera range drew heads.
"Time for that later," Devil Girl's purr continued and she nodded at Angel, "if you can get past his heavenly protector."
Angel's expression showed confusion but she mostly mastered it and offered something that approached a glare.
"Let's go," Devil Girl raised her voice, "our turn in the parade!"
The crowd cheered as the Demon smirked at Upshaw before she turned the lead trio and she and the Angel led Leather Boy by the leashes. The camera held its view as the crowd went by and chanted on repeat.
"DEVIL GIRL... ANGEL... DAMNATION... SALVATION..."
"Hey," Rachel said, "that tall chick. In the comic book leather and chainmail bikini... and the sword on her back... and I guess her boyfriend in the same getup and sword! She looks familiar..."
"Diana's older sister? She's at least as tall, same hair, and those tits...," Riku said.
"She might be the only woman I've ever seen with bigger ones, those are real," Rachel said, "but there's something else, but I just can't quite..."
At the rear of the crowd they noticed another redhead but the combination of her broad cavalier hat with a long arcing feather and the 1980s vintage video recorder she used obscured her face. The viewers smiled as the slits in her long black skirt and white petticoats revealed with a quick glance that she'd also avoided underwear. Like the comic book barbarian she clearly had a considerable bust highlighted by the tight white blouse that the entire front above her large breasts was a pattern of cloth strips with plenty of cutouts to reveal flesh.
Sue glanced and saw Rachel's eyes narrow ever so slightly. Should she say something? No. Not with Riku here. Not for her.
Trailing the last of the crowd by a few steps was what looked like a professional crew; a man with an old style TV camera on his shoulder who walked just beyond a tall and well-built brunette in fashionable tight jeans tucked into heeled brown boots and a snug button-down short-sleeve blouse. The camera on his shoulder had a 'KPUD' logo, as did his baseball cap. The 'reporter' handed a microphone to one of the two slightly shorter and younger but cute brunettes who followed. Both had skin much paler than their apparent boss and wore broad hats, jeans and sleeveless blouses that also sported the logo. They carried what looked like equipment bags, although eyes that were quite obviously very green were wide and their heads swung side to side as they seemed determined to see everything. Sue again blocked her reaction when the nearest young brunette exposed a tongue with a very square tip in her wide-eyed gaze before what looked like an elbow in the ribs from the other one caused her to clamp her mouth closed. The viewers with her at the table didn't seem to be paying attention as Riku reset the video to its beginning and paused it.
"Well, Alicia," Riku tapped and the screen paused, "was he in the crowd?"
Sue blinked and she fought down her immediate reaction. 'He?' Who... he... oh... fuck. Did she really want...
"No," Rachel said, "so that's Devil Girl and Leather Boy."
"And the Angel," Riku said, "was she THE redhead?"
That sealed it.
"No," Sue growled, "he wasn't fucking there. And Angel was a dyke! WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TWO DOING?"
Both heads snapped to look at her.
"That WAS quite the kiss, if she didn't like boys...," Riku said after a moment.
"She," Sue pointed at Rachel, "and you. I think both of you have had at least a half dozen pussies each on your faces last couple of days. Doesn't mean shit. Leather Boy was her ONLY boy. Period."
"Gonna hop teams, may as well go for quality over quantity," Rachel purred, her eyes locked on the screen, "can I meet her?"
"Next year or the year after?" Riku's question was quick and Sue was happy to ignore Rachel's as Riku had. "Maybe I can find those."
"You won't," Sue said.
"I agree, it's hard to find these, but I'm good."
"Don't care how good, they don't exist. Won't find shit."
"Why not?" Rachel this time. "He was there with them... later... I guess."
"There were no more Spring Carnivals," Sue said as she tried to harden her voice and she pointed at the screen, "during the parade there was a huge fight. The whole Carnival thing was already on probation because shit went down every year and Devil Girl and Ash... the Pirate Queen delivered serious beat downs to a whole bunch of sorority bitches and a few frat boys. The University decided that was it, deep-sixed the whole thing ever after. Before he got there."
"Pirate Queen...," Rachel said, "new..."
"Chick with the tits and big hat with the feather," Sue said without further clarification, "had the video camera. But fuck that. What do you want with Dark Star?"
If only she had Zoe's voice for real.
"Zoe's voice is Devil Girl's," Rachel said, "and Angel is Hester Hendricks. He set them up for you... but he didn't use Devil Girl's face for Zoe."
"Of course not," Sue snapped, "because then YOU would be Zoe."
"Good voice for a woman who writes about psychopathic murderers and sex maniacs," Riku said, Sue glared but the voice had admiration in it so she shut down further reply. Rachel's short laugh seemed to signal agreement. Sue reminded herself that Rachel had never seen this, hadn't known these details. Riku had dug these videos up somehow, but what more did she know?
"Again. WHY? Why do you want him?"
"To hire him."
Sue blinked. "What?"
"He's the best," Riku said and pointed at the screen, "him, Leather Boy. He started it, but he's... gone. Dark Star is the best in the world now for any sort of quantum neurocognitive simulation, AI, expert systems, anything like that. We believe we've made a breakthrough with a solid quantum computer to use alongside our supercomputers. Rumor is he actually studied the alien computers with Leather Boy and they used them together. And I'm good, but I'm not... haven't found anyone else."
"How'd you find out about US?" Sue's voice was still as much of a low growl as she could get it. She hoped if she just ignored mention of the disappeared young man Riku would let it go too.
"Me," Rachel's voice was as tentative as Sue had ever heard it, "first day here, we were having a drink. My mind was on a couple of handsome guys I was thinking I should invite to my room and this one started jabbering about our wrist pad software."
Her voice firmed. "Told her about how I met him, then introducing you. And how you get all upset whenever anyone talks about him. Like now."
"No one but you ever talks about him. NO ONE ELSE knows!"
"Sue," she looked at Riku's expression which had softened, "your books, you sure know lots about hackers for a literature major."
Sue snorted. "You want to hire him?"
"He doesn't have to come in to an office. But... he doesn't respond to requests. I've been looking for an invitation to hook me up, heard that's the only way."
"I already sent him an email," Rachel said, "well, to that email address I use. No response yet."
"I don't want to fuck him," Riku said, "well, not that I wouldn't... I hear he knows what he's doing around a woman's body."
Sue let out a laugh that was only in part amusement. "It's not that, he can fuck anyone he wants. Just like I do. Like what's on video from Vegas and plenty more. But I believe him when he says they're after him. He's touched but he ain't crazy. The more people who know that WE, or anyone, knows him, there's no telling they won't decide we're issues too. If you hadn't noticed, terrorists nuked Area 51 and too many people have just dropped dead last few years."
She snapped her fingers with the last part.
"That does sound crazy...," Riku said slowly.
Sue exhaled slowly and glared at her. Finally Riku nodded slightly and looked down for a moment. When she looked up her expression was even softer.
"You won't help?"
Sue frowned and shook her head slightly but held up her hand. "But I won't tell him to tell you to shove your offer up your ass. I'd guess he's seen what your ass can do..."
"Okay, there's that," royal blue and lavender hair shook as the petite girl played at her pad again, "Rachel told me about 'Hand Smasher.' Found this."
She tapped and the screen showed a view tight on a young brunette woman who'd just turned to realize the camera was there, her hair parted in the center to fall both sides of her face. She was cute but there was something asymmetric in her face, her left eye and cheek misshapen. The view had started by showing her small but shapely chest, a skimpy halter put in diligent effort to highlight what she had before it zoomed in on the lopsided face. It was in a yard with a few out of focus adults and children and leafy trees beyond the young woman.
"Get that thing out of my face or I WILL smash your other hand in the door," the young woman said forcefully, "and I'll do the first one again!"
Laughter apparently from the camera operator rang through the speakers before the video ended.
"Huh, Hand Smasher," Rachel said, "she does look rather petite. You ever see her, Sue?"
"Not like we shared slides of all our fucks," Sue said, her voice still guarded but she hoped relaxed enough to not be caught out. The shit was stirred. She'd heard from him after Vegas, an unusual contact, he'd indeed enjoyed Riku's video of her incredible ass fuck with Jay's monster cock but had really liked the one of Sue getting spit-roasted in public at the after-party at the Arista. He'd laughed hard when she'd told him the guy in her mouth had the worst cum she'd ever tasted.
"Maybe Rachel'd already had him up her ass," he'd told her.
"Yeah," she'd said, "I only get her rejects!"
He'd taken the hit and let out an amused 'ouch' before they'd both laughed. So easy, they were together. She sighed at the recollections.
"Anyway, you two," Riku spoke and pulled her back to the present and drew both gazes before she pointed to the opened suitcase, "I have costumes for today."
"We have costumes," Rachel said.
"Not like these," Riku scooted her chair and reached down and pulled up a red and black half-cup bustier and a pair of black wings which had been under it, "look familiar? And for Sue..."
Rachel took the offered items and Riku quickly pulled up a matching white bustier and wing set, the ribs just the slightest blush pink.
"You want us to dress up like Devil Girl and Angel?" Rachel's question. "Is the skirt you have for me as short as hers?"
Riku snorted. "Might be a tad shorter." Rachel smiled broadly and nodded as she held the bustier against her torso.
Sue exhaled slowly. Zoe's brain penciled in 'after the soccer ball went flat, they used their hated enemy's head that had recently been removed from her body. After a three-two victory they boiled it to turn the skull into a candle holder.' She caught the bustier and white wing set.
"What about you? Going as Leather Boy so we can wrap our leashes around your throat?" Sue aimed for an evil smile, Riku snorted.
"I mentioned to Todd," the LA girl said, "his cock's a nice resemblance even if his face isn't."
She shuffled about in the suitcase and pulled up a pastel colored scarf and small polished bow made from real wood.
"I'm Cupid."
Sex, Toys & Bots
Sue smiled. To her left three quite decent looking men surrounded Rachel. Sue had heard something like 'Brandon sent us' moments before and Rachel's lust was palpable. Hers and Rachel's shift break was in fifteen minutes and that meant the brunette sex fiend could dash to the room they had in the hidden bowels of the sprawling McCormick Place to add these three to her count for the week. Supposedly Riku was also on shift right now but with her little costume had been given free reign to wander the floor and 'do Cupid stuff.'
But it was just that bit of... something... that Sue had seen in Rachel's face at the name 'Brandon.' Her friend didn't have a cruel bone in her body but she did have weird wiring in her brain about relationships. Sue wasn't sure Rachel was capable of focusing, truly focusing, on one person. That girl needed two men. Polyamory. That's what Rachel needed. At least two, maybe more. Finding three, four or five guys to fuck her in a pile was one thing, but finding ones that could stick around as a unit... not so easy.
Sue snorted as she turned and bumped her wings into one of the columns that held up their booth sign. Like most things, Rachel's jet black wings had become part of her as soon as she'd donned them that morning. She'd twirled in her black skirt to make sure it hid nothing and adjusted the bustier so her nipples were more clearly visible than had been Devil Girl's in the videos. That demon hadn't been shyer than Rachel, Sue knew, but had hewn to at least minimal propriety given her setting had been a university campus and not a show dedicated to sex toys of every type.
Not that Sue didn't enjoy wearing her own tiny skirt and bustier but she wondered how the fuck had Riku gotten their sizes? Well, proper size for glorified belts, not really skirts. That pain in the ass had claimed she'd set all this up AFTER she and Rachel had their talk in the hotel lounge, what, three days ago. She'd even somehow found a classic pair of Doc Marten eight hole women's white boots. In Sue's size! Margaret normally wanted her girls in heels and Sue almost always wore wedges since she didn't like most other kinds. But their boss had been so entranced by the Devil/Angel idea that she'd given the boots a thumbs up. And like the clothes, they fit beautifully and she knew that her tits and ass were all but a match for Rachel or for most of Margaret's folks, it was often her brain that didn't let her quite cut as loose.
"Quit being the author and be one of Hester's CHARACTERS," Rachel had said once. Sue hadn't and still wouldn't disagree.
And that damned shrimp Riku. Those videos, her prying. It had taken the last few hours but she'd worked out her mood. Before this morning Rachel would occasionally bring up Dark Star, Sue would dismiss it and that was that but maybe her friend subconsciously sensed something that Sue herself wasn't even clear on. And right now, it was that she missed that strange man. That was... rare. She'd truly accepted his beliefs, his need to 'hide.' He'd asked her to come but she'd demurred. They were so alike. He stared at a screen for hours, writing code. She stared at a screen for hours, writing prose. Both in days long manic bursts. But both pushed themselves away, ran, pumped iron, fucked. Parties? Neither cared. But, Sue had found these shows kept her creativity humming along. People, ideas, events. But she could be as anonymously alone in the crowd as she wanted, even if she DID get spit-roasted in a room with thousands watching. Rachel had been a smart-ass saying "she just changes the names and writes up what happens at the shows!" Well, no. But, 'Not So Angelic a City' was built around a young woman she'd have never met otherwise and while the plot wasn't exactly Vegas, that had been the seed and root stock.
So she'd let Dark Star go. And he'd let her go. But right now.
And these wings. They hooked to the bustier and were light enough for her to forget about them. So she hit things, had swung them into a couple of folks visiting the booth. Fortunately the clear views of her nipples and quick moves to expose a bit more meant no hard feelings. And hadn't seemed to block any sales!
Then she felt something hit her just at the top of her ass. She turned quickly. At the far side of the booth a few long steps behind Rachel was Riku with a big smile. And that damned real polished wood bow in her hand. Sue looked down and at her feet was one of the thin plastic arrows with the padded red plush hearts on the front. Sue glared for a moment but she switched to a grim smile. She pointed to Rachel. The brunette had the three men crowded around her and she caressed one's arm and used her hip to press against another guy's crotch. The third one stroked her devil's tail and with each move Rachel's reaction made it seem like the tail was connected directly to her clit and not the back of the skirt's waistband!
And through it all she seemed to caress two of the men with those wings instead of them getting in the way and beating up people. Damn that girl!
"Filter Zoe," she said into her wrist pad then sent a private message, "Riku, shoot one of those right up Rachel's ass."
Riku raised an eyebrow before she turned and judged. She reached into the quiver slung at her waist and retrieved an arrow and set it but didn't pull the string. She looked back at Sue who held up her hand.
"Alicia," she hadn't reset Zoe's voice that would sound in her podmate's earpiece and with the men she used the code name just in case one was particularly sharp hearing, she grabbed a small toy from the counter and tossed it in an arc, "warn your new boyfriends this is you giving a blowjob."
People gaped when they discovered that a teenage Sue had almost been her age-group champion in a couple of national cornhole championships. The toy wasn't far off the weight of a beanbag; its arc would've dropped it dead through the imaginary board's hole two feet in front of Rachel. But the man nearest that spot reacted quickly and half-turned and caught it a bit below Rachel's waist level. Her friend bent slightly to see what it was and her hair fell around the two bright red horns that stuck through the curls.
'Cupid' had anticipated the plan and the plush heart struck Alicia perfectly between those awesome and exposed butt cheeks of hers. It held there for just as instant as the brunette yelped before it dropped to the floor. She and the three men all turned and Riku grinned.
"Oh dear, Alicia Capone," Riku said, "you've been struck by Cupid's arrow! Right up the ass! Guess we know where all the cocks will be going!"
"Hah, Tammy Takagawa," Rachel purred and put her arms around the men, "I mean, Cupid. At least I can still FEEL things going up MY ass. You've sealed your own defeat."
Sue heard Cupid's clear laughter as Rachel kissed each man in turn and the LA girl pulled another arrow and ran off to disappear into the crowd. Her costume was... minimal. She wore a tiny bias cut scarf tied at the top of her right hip to fall at an angle from that spot to her left side to land where left leg met hip. Unless she stood very still, and almost not even then, nothing was hidden. Above the waist she was covered only by thin straps that held her white wings and crossed between her cute breasts. She had Roman sandals on her feet and a tiara covered with pink hearts and some curl added to her usually straight blue and lavender dyed hair.
But what struck Sue was the girl's eyes. Despite her apparent buoyancy her eyes were reddened, which possibly added to the effect of her costume and she'd tried to mesh dark eye makeup with the fatigue rings. Alicia, on the other hand... looked. Well. Two days of almost non-stop gang-bangs had seemingly had little impact. She'd sleep well once they got home this week but it wasn't like THIS show was all that far beyond Vegas or most shows for the princess from hell.
Then Rachel turned and stuck her tongue out at Sue as she held up the toy. When you squeezed it the Alien's outer jaws opened and its inner jaws extended and opened as well to welcome the brave and truly perverted horndog's cock into the blow job toy. Sue laughed as did the three guys. They were surprisingly good sellers but Sue wondered how many of them actually got USED.
"Hey, Sue," she turned toward the firm voice behind her, "want to take one of these bad boys for a test ride?"
It was Vivian, with her light brown hair and slightly paler skin she could be a cousin to Rachel. And she was usually the one of Margaret's team who could challenge the demon in the realm of sexual abandon and there'd been some surprise when Margaret had announced 'the contest' and Viv had said she had other commitments, which left Riku the only challenger. Although Viv and Gina and the others had stayed quiet, enough had leaked that everyone eventually knew the 'commitment' was these bots. But they, and their bots, had stayed pretty well hidden until today!
Viv's expression now was light. She wore a silvery blazer with what someone must've felt was a 'science fictiony' high collar. And high, silver heels and a silver tiara. She carried a pad and behind her were two men about her height and a slightly shorter but well-built woman.
No. They weren't men and women. The bots. A knot of people had gathered to follow and gawk.
Vivian stopped and stepped aside and passers-by attracted by the commotion gathered. She tapped at her pad and the three bots walked to Sue and the two men bent and kissed her in turn. She blinked at first but settled. Their lips were soft and didn't feel like plastic. Well, not quite. But far enough you could get used to it. If you wanted. The male bots, 'mots?' stepped to one side of her and the female one moved to stand just in front of her.
"Hello, Sue," the fembot's voice was good, a near-soprano with only a touch of being a computer, "you're very beautiful."
The fembot put her arms out and embraced Sue and she returned it and they kissed, they were essentially the same height. After a moment the bot broke the kiss and then lifted the togas on the male bots. They both displayed instantly erect cocks. The female bot undid the hook on her wrap minidress and dropped it down her shoulders to let it fall to the floor. Sue wondered if those tits had been modeled after Diana's? Not as large but on the smaller frame a similar proportion. The fembot bent quickly at the waist and sucked in a male bot's stiff shaft. Sue glanced, Viv's tongue was caught between her lips as her eyes moved quickly from the pad to the bots and back, the redhead wasn't sure how much was lust and how much concentration.
"C'mon, Sue," Viv said, "that second one's lonely. Might be bit of an effort, you can suck it all down..."
Sue blinked. She looked around. Rachel and her three paramours stood at the far side of the booth. Rachel nodded at her quickly. A crowd had gathered around, commeras caught the action and 'suck him' threatened to catch on as a chant. She caught the eyes of a woman at the front of the crowd. It was the woman she'd whacked with her wings, the man next to her was her husband. After her apology in their friendly discussion she'd learned they were in their upper thirties but both were decently fit. The woman had long strawberry blonde hair that fell loosely below her black, pointed witch's hat with a broad brim, a deep V-necked dress with three-quarters sleeves that from the waist down was strips that reached only to mid-thighs and emphasised her hourglass figure. She had black stockings that left a gap of bare flesh below the dress and strappy black platforms on her feet. Her husband had sandy brown hair and wore leather pants and a faux-fur vest and his face had makeup so he looked like a cat. The witch's familiar.
Sue had a thought. She held each of their eyes for a moment and then tilted her head. They nodded very slightly.
"Oh, I don't know," Sue said, her hesitancy only partially an act, "should I?"
"My cock and my cum," the male bot said in a langrous baritone, "are nice and sweet, beautiful redheaded lady."
Viv snorted softly. Sue gave her a quick glare. How had THAT detail from Vegas gotten around?
Sue squatted and pushed her mouth over the hard prick. Next to her the fembot made low sucking sounds and the male's hands held shoulders and he moaned. Damn. They were.... She sucked. The prick was hard but it was like the best quality dildo she had in her booth. Not hard plastic but slightly yielding surface underlain by firmness but not simply hard plastic. She sucked him fully in and backed off to keep only the head in her mouth for three slow sucks.
Then she had an idea. She'd been given the contact info for the couple, they'd not committed to a session with Tammy Takagawa, but they hadn't denied. But they'd certainly been interested in meeting up with her later at the after party. She released the cock and it quivered a bit. Damn. Too realistic. She kissed it and stood up and gave Viv a quick look when the bot driver started to speak.
She found the couple. Peter and Lois. She held their eyes before she used an index finger in a come here gesture. She glanced at the bots then back at the couple. Their resolve set, they crossed the space. Sue put her hand under Lois's chin and held the woman and felt the brim of that pointed hat hit her halo. The witch and the angel. Some sort of omen! The witch's tongue met hers and they sparred for a moment before Sue backed off then used both hands to pull Peter's mouth slightly down to reach hers.
"Want to be the show?" She asked them quietly while she held them close. They looked at each other for a moment but then both looked at her and nodded and smiled as she smiled back.
These bots had been hidden until today so Sue hadn't seen them. Only Viv and the others who'd drawn their booths had been taken in for training the previous couple of days and little information had been passed to the wider team. Great. Sex bots today, Skynet tomorrow. Tomorrow's worry, scifi wasn't a genre she'd put her pen to. But one detail Sue recalled from what they'd been told was that these fembots were self-lubricating.
Sue ran her hand down the front of Peter's torso and continued past his waistband and slowly stroked into his crotch. The man was already firm but she wondered about his experience. Plenty of incredibly horny guys shriveled when it came time to unleash their one-eyed snake in public. She looked him in the eyes. He smiled and nodded. She glanced at Lois, her tongue ran quickly between her lips. In for a dollar, Sue thought...
"Feel this," Sue said as she guided Peter's right hand onto the fembot's ass and led it between the legs, "feel how wet she is?"
Even having worked over a dozen of these shows and leading plenty of civilian couples like this into public and semi-public depravity barely allowed Sue to hide her surprise as she ran her fingers along the fembot's slit opening. It was wet, with a slick moisture that wasn't water but was possibly the most realistic lube she'd ever felt.
Peter couldn't hide his surprise. He pulled his hand back slightly before he pushed his fingers into the fembot's opening. The bot reacted by sidling its feet slightly apart but it didn't lose its pace sucking the male bot's cock. Peter nudged his wife and her hand joined his and both of their mouths opened slightly as they worked the opening with their fingers. After a few seconds Lois locked her husband's gaze to hers and spoke.
"So, dear, you going to fuck her or we just gonna wank here? Sue, give him a hand?"
Sue followed the woman's eyes to her husband's crotch. Sue nodded and quickly worked the zipper of his leather pants down. They were snug but not like Leather Boy's in the video a few hours earlier. Sue worked his semi-erect cock through the slit in his tight briefs and stroked it.
"Help him," Lois had a gleam in her eyes and her statement was clearly meant to be heard by the crowd, who murmured. The after-party was an 'anything goes' zone but the organizers preferred the show floor to focus on keeping the pheromones high but not tipping over, which moved merchandise, with the promise of the no-holds-barred final night as incentive to stick around or come back and pay the extra admission charge. But for this show they'd also made clear that so long as the bots were the focus, more extreme action was fine. Added to that, when she and this couple had their fateful meeting and they'd bought a few items, their registration info had indicated they'd taken the tests and were clean.
The first day's bots had been little more than the latex asses and pussies and cocks and sucking toys that had been plentiful in Vegas with ultra-micro-computer additions that supposedly 'adapted' to the user. The second day's weren't really mobile, somewhere beyond the blow-up sex dolls but clearly little more than those real mannequins, no, dolls, Sue recalled, with a flexible body but the addition of a trivial vocabulary. But today's were... something well beyond.
Sue quickly kissed Lois as the woman and her husband continued to finger the fembot. Sue's hand wrapped and twisted along Peter's shaft then she bent over and licked along his prick. He shivered slightly and felt him harden as she pushed her mouth onto his cock and sucked. She felt a hand on what she knew was her exposed ass as the tiny skirt pulled up. She felt fingers push into her ass crease and follow it around until they found and explored her slit.
"The bot's not the only one nice and wet," Lois told the crowd, "there's three of us!"
A cheer for that. Sue sucked hard and moved back and forth until she was certain he wasn't getting much readier. Moment of truth. She pulled back and stood and put her hand on the man's cock and tugged gently. He shuffled his feet and Lois nudged Sue's hand away to take over, her right arm behind her husband's back to guide him until she had his prick at the entrance and she rubbed the head of it along the lips. The fembot stopped sucking and pushed the male bot slightly away.
"Fuck me, Peter," the fembot's voice was lustful hoarseness and she wiggled her ass for a moment and rubbed herself against him.
"Holy shi...," Peter said.
"She's better at this than I've ever been," Lois said to draw laughter from the onlookers as she pushed her husband and he buried his prick. The fembot arched her neck back and moaned. Peter put his hands on her hips and fucked his artificial lover with long, slow strokes.
Lois sidled slightly and put her arm around Sue's waist and she reciprocated. Hat hit halo once again.
"Suck or fuck, Lois?" Sue asked as the two women looked at the pair of male bots.
"There's two of them...," the witch said slowly but clearly for the crowd, "hopefully I'll have better luck with the one in my mouth than you did..."
She kissed a surprised Sue quickly and out of the corner of her eye the costumed angel saw the demonic smirk that matched Rachel's costume. She gave the visitor from hell a 'just you wait' look and looked at Lois. The witch's face showed lust and anticipation. Her husband continued his slow strokes as he fucked the fembot and it moaned.
"Can you be a sweetheart," Lois said to Sue as she handed her the hat, "I'm not as brave as you. I need someone to take my underwear off!"
She nudged Sue slightly and bent over and sucked the male bot's shaft into her mouth. Sue quickly set the hat on the booth's counter nearest them then caressed the witch's partially bare back with her hand as she walked to stand at the woman's shapely ass.
"Lois, baby," the bot responded with that slow and deep voice, "that feels so good."
Sue lifted the lower part of the witch dress and worked it over the woman's hips. Sue smiled, the tiny black lace g-string certainly wasn't much more coverage than she or Rachel had. She grabbed the waistband and worked it in the opposite direction the dress had taken before she slid them down and kept pressure on each silk-covered leg. She tapped the woman's ankles lightly in turn and she lifted each and Sue stood and held her trophy above her head to a cheer.
She glanced at Viv, who mouthed 'call him.' Sue shrugged and looked at the second male bot.
"Can you make love to a woman's sweet pussy?" She asked.
"I can," this one's voice was close to the other but just a fraction higher. The bot walked around Peter as he fucked the bent over fembot and Sue backed off slightly as the bot approached the woman. Their gaits weren't quite natural but were still quite impressive.
"Be gentle, big guy," Lois said quickly before she pushed her mouth back onto the fake cock in front of her.
"I will, sweet lady," the bot responded. It shuffled it's feet and for an instant Sue thought it was off balance but it adjusted and slid its cock to the entrance of its intended target. Sue assumed the 'big guy' was just talk, the bot's erect prick wasn't tiny but it wasn't Jay's. Sue looked closely at the 'flesh' at the base of the bot's shaft, from the folds she had the feeling that it was adjustable. How handy.
Lois's hand reached back and she released the cock from her mouth and moaned as she guided the second prick into her pussy.
"Fuck that bitch hard, Peter," Lois said before she grunted as one bot pushed himself to full depth behind her and pushed the second cock fully into her throat. She jerked her body back and forth and the two sped. Her husband slammed himself fully into the fembot who again arched its neck and moaned loudly. Sue shuffled away to stand next to Viv as her teammate glanced at the quartet then back at some displays on the pad she held in her hands but her hands weren't on the controls.
"They do THAT themselves?" Sue asked her quietly.
"Yeah," Viv said, "it's almost... scary. I gave the one in her pussy a full workout last night. Too bad I can't afford 'em. Lots less trouble than actual people."
Sue knew something flashed across Viv's expression but her teammate was immediately back to a professional smile. Sue spoke quietly again.
"So what's your costume?"
"I'm Queen of the Moon," she said softly before she took a step forward, "Peter, Lois," she said, "please say 'stop.'"
Peter responded almost instantly and the fembot froze with its head still back and its mouth locked open. It took Lois another heartbeat and she mewed slightly as the cock popped free of her mouth. Both male bots stopped and stood still.
"You can program them to use any safe word you desire," Viv explained to the crowd, "but this is just the default. Peter, Lois, say 'fuck me.'"
The couple did so and the bots resumed their motions.
"If you lose consciousness they're programmed to stop and render aid. Lois, if you don't mind, could you go limp, please?"
Sue enjoyed the side eye the woman gave the Lunar Royal but she adjusted her feet and her body sagged. Both bots responded instantly, the one at her face grabbed her shoulders and the other just under her hips and they held her. Cocks popped free from her pussy and mouth.
"Hey," her body firmed and she spoke loudly, "goddammit, bitch, you gonna let these bad boys fuck me into next week or what?"
"Say 'fuck me, boys.'" Viv said, Lois snorted hard and repeated it and the bots adjusted their grips and she reached back to quickly guide the cock back into her cunt then sucked the second one fully into her mouth. They returned to work on the goal of fucking her into next week.
"All phrases are programmable, including the ability to program them to call 9-1-1 or a friend in case of emergency," Viv said as she walked a slow circuit and caught eyes through the crowd, "don't stop, Lois, but when you want them to cum simply tell them so. They can go as... long... as... you... want. To get them to speed up or slow move yourself back and forth faster or slower."
The woman huffed but she sped and the bots responded. After a moment she slowed almost to stillness and they responded in turn. Peter did likewise and the fembot's reactions mirrored. Lois kicked herself into high gear and was quickly being slammed back and forth. Viv bent and whispered something in the witch's ear before she stood and stepped back.
"She's much better at that than you are," Viv said softly to Sue, the redhead grunted. Her expression promised retribution at the proper time and Viv's eyes twinkled. But at least her mood had lightened so maybe taking a hit was a kindness.
For now.
Peter's breath had become choppy and rapid. Lois gurgled and drooled as she was doubly impaled repeatedly and one of her hands held the male bot's hip as she sucked it and her other hand rubbed between her thighs. The crowd chanted and cheered at the scene.
"Oh... ah... oh... fuck... I'm...," Peter said before he grunted when the fembot pulled forward and turned. It didn't so much squat as drop to its knees with a barely audible 'thunk' before it sucked the man's cock into its mouth, "coming! Fuck! Ah."
He grabbed the fembot's head and his hips pumped forward to bury his entire prick into the ready opening. His hips continued to jerk and his neck arched back as he pumped an apparently significant load of his juice into what was clearly an expert at swallowing everything a man could give.
At that moment Lois's body jerked and quivered a half dozen times before she settled and scrunched her body and released both cocks and more gracefully knelt on the industrial carpet that covered the concrete floor so her left side was to the bulk of the crowd. She spread her arms and the bots reacted to her touches on their hips to move to stand in front of her.
"Both of you CUM," she said firmly, "FACIAL."
Both bots sprayed viscous white goo from their pricks onto the waiting woman's face. She opened her mouth to take a shot from each on her tongue, further spurts covered her cheeks and forehead and a couple landed in her flying strawberry blonde hair. From a distance it looked as realistic as most cum Sue had ever seen, but the bots were certainly more prolific than most. Not all, Sue smiled, there were a couple that she knew were more so, but her mood dimmed slightly since neither was available here in Chicago. Finally they stopped and Lois grabbed first one prick to lick clean and then the other as the crowd cheered. Peter reached and she took his hand and stood as the flaps of her dress fell back into place. They raised their clenched hands and both bowed to applause and cheers.
"That's the sweetest cum I've ever tasted," Lois said with a quick glance at Sue. Was there ANYONE here who HADN'T heard about her Vegas experience?
Sue sidled to the counter and with a look the sales guy behind the counter pulled a towel from a hidden niche. Viv stepped forward to stand alongside the male bots as the fembot continued to kneel.
"Give Peter and Lois another cheer," Viv said and the audience obeyed.
"Where's my g-string, Angel?" Lois asked Sue. She retrieved it and the peaked hat from the counter and Sue handed the underwear over but the witch refused the towel. But instead of putting it on she reached under her dress and obviously wiped it along what Sue assumed was a nicely wet pussy. Then she held it up.
"Single women only," Lois said firmly and held the g-string up, "whoever catches this will find their true love tonight!"
After a moment the group mind understood and folks shuffled quickly to allow a half dozen costumed women to collect in a knot at the front. Lois smiled and turned and threw the g-string like a bouquet over her head. Squeals as hands reached. A twenty-something woman in what Sue guessed was a 'slutty elf' costume caught it. Sue assumed her pure white hair was dyed because her eyebrows were dark although her skin was pale. She had a green smock that only barely obscured her tits or crotch and when she'd reached for the prize Sue saw she'd shaven her pubic region bare, obviously one of the believers in that growing trend. Sue sniffed, she kept her red bush trimmed but nothing close to Rachel's and Riku's cropped triangle and landing strips. There was something cloudy about her bright green eyes. Professionally done, whatever she was, those ears were seamless. A couple of the other women who were apparently her friends also had straight hair with the same cut but one had it dyed green and the other dyed bright pink. All were dressed similarly except the other two smocks were varied brown colors but none provided more than minimal coverage and the other two had regular ears but both had white pixie horns. All had green eyes.
Sue's breath caught. Fortunately with Viv and Peter and Lois and the bots no one paid her attention. The three disappointed young women melted back into the crowd. Lois bent and gave her husband's cock a quick suck. Then she put it away.
"Tasty cunt," she said to the crowd. Another round of cheers.
The fembot grabbed her dress from the floor and stood and pulled it on and rehooked it to drive another round of cheers. The erect cocks of the male bots deflated and they adjusted their togas back down.
"Peter, Lois," Viv said, "you've been magnificent. I have gifts for you! Everyone, come on over and I'll get you information. And if you want to take a bot, or three, home, we have a few on hand. But orders WILL be taken and you'll have them soon! Skin, hair, breast size, voice, cock, it can all be customized."
Sue dipped her head as Viv smiled and mouthed 'thank you' at her. Sue took a step and Lois kissed her and with her face still covered by the congealing cum Sue had to agree. It was... tasty. Sue squinted as the witch smirked before she took her hat back and donned it then turned and slid her arm around her husband's and they moved just behind Viv at the head of the parade, the bots with their clumsy-but-not-clumsy gaits followed. The g-string catcher elf and her pixie friends had disappeared but the bulk of the crowd joined the parade.
Those girls. Sue reran their images through her brain. Dark Star's stories. She closed her eyes and a shiver ran down her body.
"Hey, Sue," Rachel's voice seemed tinged with worry, "you ok?"
The demonic presence stood near her flanked by the three guys. How long had Sue been out of it?
"Yeah, uh, yeah, Ra... Alicia, I'm fine, just freaked by technology, I'll be obsolete soon," Sue smiled, "break time?"
"Few minutes late, thanks to Viv. Diana and Ivy are here," Rachel's voice a smooth purr again and Sue glanced and nodded to the pair at the other side of the booth and they smiled and waved, "want to switch to help the winner? Zia's busy, I need a cinematographer."
Sue smiled. Fuck Cupid and her videos and secret plans and quantum computers. She nodded and one of the men offered her an arm. Rejects. Rachel's rejects. Why not. They had almost an hour after all and these guys looked fit. Maybe one would have enough left to offer a slightly morose angel a mercy fuck after they triple-teamed the horned and horny brunette demon. She could use a bit of release.
Twenty Four Hour Party People
Sue's mind rewound a few hours. After they'd triple-teamed 'Alicia,' one of Brandon's friends, Jeremy it had turned out, had been willing to deliver a mercy quickie to an angel in need. She'd mounted the commera on a chair to ensure it captured the brunette's three way with the remaining two guys so Alicia got the points as the other two had another go at the demon.
But Jeremy hadn't been quick. She hadn't wanted to take the bustier and wings off so they'd started doggy style but it had turned into a long and intense fuck that had finally ended with her on top and slamming her cunt down on his very hard and perfectly-sized for what she wanted cock over and over and over while her hands braced on his chest and his fingers pulled her nipples to their most extreme extent until he'd filled her and she'd collapsed onto him, both of them momentarily spent. He and the others claimed they'd return with Brandon and another friend for the party. Maybe she could pry Jeremy or one of the others away after they'd done at least the one five-on-her gang-bang that Sue had listened to Alicia spend the rest of the afternoon looking forward to. Let her have one, then Sue would pry away a reject. The angel had no expectation that Brandon's cock was going anywhere but into each demonic hole in turn, as it apparently had the previous evening. That was fine. Jeremy or any of the others were all just dandy for what she wanted.
But both her's and Rachel's faces had been ruddy, as had been their pussies and asses and Diana and Ivy had teased them mercilessly when they'd claimed that was because they knew they were late and had to run to get to the booth on time. Neither of their podmates bought that for a second. Sue had also tried to discreetly deal with hers and Jeremy's juices leaking, the towel Lois had refused had come in handy. As usual that damned brunette simply spent the time with a bit of cum sticking hair together and didn't seem put out with a cunt, and an ass, full of it. Then a voice caused her to jump.
"Sure'nuff," the voice just behind and to Sue's right side drawled, "I'm fixin' to freeze my tits off I stay out here too long!"
"Zi...," Sue turned and she cut off the response mid-word, "uh, Se... Sestaya, right?"
The woman nodded with a broad smile and her beautiful dark hair shook under a ten gallon hat. Her dark eyes were highlighted with subtle makeup that made them brighter. Her cowgirl button-down shirt had white fringe that fell from the sleeves and the cloth flowed softly around her breasts and was unbuttoned almost to her navel. She wore a soft denim miniskirt that was only a couple of inches longer than Sue's skirt. The only oddity was a leather valise on a shoulder strap that fell between her breasts.
"I declare, you do look like you fell from Heaven, Angel," dark eyes glanced down, "and those nipples could cut glass. I was having a walk inside to have a look over the crowd and saw you out here."
Sue snorted but she didn't look down, she didn't need to. She felt them. The women stood on a second floor covered outdoor balcony that abutted a second floor walkway around the large ballroom where a couple or three thousand people danced and fucked to a DJ's throbbing beat while a couple of hundred pinball machines pinged and fought the light show from the stage. A dozen or so people stood on the balcony, all but the angel and cowgirl there for the singular purpose that the balconies were the only places to smoke.
Sestaya looked up and her nostrils flared slightly. She chuckled softly.
"Not just tobacco out here," she said softly and Sue gave her an open mouthed smile before she offered an exaggerated inhale, "that why you're here?"
"Huh, no," Sue shook her head, "the snow is so beautiful, there's no wind. Considering this is the Windy City, unusual!"
Sestaya joined her laugh.
"I've been here in winter before," she said, "froze my ass off more than once. You're a Minnesota girl, right?"
"Yeah, Zia tell you?" Sestaya nodded to Sue's question. "Been gone since I left for college. Don't mind, don't see much snow now so nights like this, no wind, giant flakes in the streetlights..."
"And you're not quite in the mood for the party, right?"
Sue's mouth froze slightly open. She'd spent, what, sixty seconds with this woman at Rachel's door? And she'd not even spent much time with Zia.
"It's that obvious?"
"I'm a... a psychologist," Sestaya said, "it's my job to read people. And I'm good at it. Your boss mind?"
"I'm supposed to help Ri..., Tammy," Sestaya's quick smile made clear she was clued in on the game, "but she seems to have given up. Stupid to challenge Rachel that way. So now she's just running around next to naked with that little bow and arrow being Cupid. So..."
Sue shrugged.
"I've seen I don't know how many Cupids down there, I saw your little friend leading a pack of them into war against another pack! Not quite proper Cupid behavior! But Rachel the Demon is indeed a force of nature. C'mon, us Texas girls aren't so used to the cold. Buy you a drink?"
"I'm staff," Sue smiled, "drink free. I'll buy! Let's go."
Sestaya led them through the glass doors and Sue followed. Dark and pale skin offered plentiful goosebumps as the two women shook themselves. Sue pointed to the left where a second floor bar hosted around twenty people who'd decided to also find temporary refuge from the teeming mass below.
"Your sister's costume is impressive," Sue said as they walked and Sestaya exhaled a quick laugh, "I guess she's a genie but well, didn't know genies got around with their lovely tits out! She seems like she matches well with Rachel's demon. And those are awesome cowboy boots you've got on."
"Pure Texas rattlesnake," she said and Sue's mouth gaped slightly and Sestaya chuckled and she drawled out each syllable of the rest of her sentence, "and Zia's what's called ajaini, a kind of Djinn, well, genie, but female and focused on mischief."
Sue chuckled. "Well, her and Rachel, then, causing mischief. Not like I'm what most people might think angels should look like. Rachel's a perfect demon, those two better let me know when Brandon and his buddies arrive. Rachel gets her five on one gangbang and I get one or two rejects from the pile after!"
"Share the rejects?" Sestaya's eyes glittered and Sue grinned and nodded.
"You're a beautiful cowgirl, Sestaya. Zia does Iran, you do Texas."
"I'm the baby sister," Sestaya said brightly, "our parents dreamed of coming to America. And being a petrochemical engineer, when he got the chance where but Texas? You know, Dallas.Dallasthe TV show! J.R.! My sister had already started school in Tehran, but I was too little. Our parents spoke Farsi all the time so we're both fluent but I had no memories. Even when we visited most every year, it's just an exotic place to me. But Sis is mixed."
"What're you drinking? I get free drinks, I'm allowed to treat, supposed to be if I'm wining and dining or," she paused, "seducing."
"How do you know you aren't doing that now?" Sestaya' s eyes twinkled. Sue smiled.
"I thought you went for brunette demons?"
"Hell last night, heaven tonight. Who's to say? Three of us in bed all night, she and I worked each other over a few times. She didn't say a word but no way was Brandon's cock getting near me."
Sue blocked the surprise, Rachel not sharing? An interesting... development. She shifted thoughts to the present, she'd never had any doubts she liked men. But like Rachel she'd also crossed the tracks now and then. Except between the two of them. Fast, deep friends but they'd only been physical that one time. With Dark Star. Why did every thought suddenly lead back to him?
"Get me a Shiner Bock," the cowgirl continued after a pause, Sue was sure the psychologist had read her, "SOMEONE here knows good beer even if they have to import it from Texas."
Sue laughed, she hadn't expected that. Her dad and uncles told stories of the days when every beer was a lame, watery swill. No more and the show had brought in exotics from far and wide.
"Ok," Sue said, "never seen that one before. I'm convinced. Two coming up."
"To heaven and hell, angels and demons and djinn and cowgirls," Sestaya said as she and Sue tapped plastic cups, no glass allowed to be carried about so the bartender had poured from two brown bottles with yellow labels and each woman took a swig, "ah, home!"
Sue snorted at the deep drawl that was so at odds with the woman's looks. Or, well, was it?
"I know Zia did that year in high school in Tehran, she ever think to go back for longer? Did you?" Sue asked as they leaned on the railing and looked over the crowd. The DJ's stage was at the far end and the distance allowed conversation at reasonable volume.
"Nah, always been interested in politics," Sestaya said, "did my year abroad in Zagreb. You know, Cold War, Iron Curtain, Third Way. The politics that the tech and the internet and free comms have mostly killed. Mostly to the better. But also, you know, like a couple of Hester Hendricks's books where someone was a spy."
The cup froze at Sue's mouth for a moment, then she lowered it.
"I've read all of 'her' books, really liked this last one," Sestaya pumped her crotch forward and back a few times as her free hand mimed holding a hip then continued brightly, "and Zoe Zabriskie's. A couple of Hannah's too... but, oh, god, so mushy. Lame. If I've spent 250 pages dreaming about how hard and big that cock must be, when it shows up and is finally shoved into me, over and over, I'm going to be thinking about THAT. Directly, rudely, happily. Not about waves and sunrises and horses galloping across the prairie and shit."
Sue chuckled. "Uh, you know..."
"Zia knew I read your books, spilled the beans after she did that first show with you guys. 'I know who writes those!'" She tapped her cup against Sue's and they swigged.
"My sister grew up thinking about Iran," Sestaya said as she waved her cup over the crowd, "but this. She... always loved showing off. When the Shah and the ayatollahs made their agreements, Iran got a bit tight-assed. Coulda been worse, lots worse, dodged that bullet. So far at least, and his son's done a good job keeping the balance but when she was there she found that, well, it wasn't what she'd dreamed of. Hell, our parents say it's not what they left. But if you want to see a cowgirl, you should see our mom! Her in a line dance, wowee!"
Sue pictured a woman, older but with the same dark and incredible looks as this one and her sister. In a line dance!
"Her denim skirt as short as yours?" Sue's eyes twinkled.
"All but," Sestaya said to draw a laugh from the redhead, "she's got the legs for it. Maybe I have hope for my future! But she wears underwear."
Sestaya gyrated her hips once and winked. Sue laughed.
"They have detectors at the doors," Sue said brightly, "alarms blare you try to wear it around here tonight."
They touched cups and laughed and emptied their beers.
"I AM buying this time," Sestaya said and after a moment's stare from those dark eyes Sue nodded quickly and smiled before Sestaya's voice went to that husky Persian accent she shared with her sister, "seduction is a two way street."
She snatched the empty cup from a surprised Sue's hand and turned. Sue admired the woman's ass. If her mother had those legs, that woman was lucky, lucky indeed.
"Earth to Sue, ground control to space," Sue blinked and took a moment to read the slight concern in Sestaya's expression, "you okay, Angel?"
She shook her head and quickly scanned around the crowd. Had she seen or had she imagined it? She finally focused on the beautiful woman who held two cups of beer.
"Oh, hey," Sue took a slow breath, "just thought I saw someone I didn't expect."
She reached and Sestaya handed her a cup. She took a long and slow drink. After a moment Sestaya did as well.
"Still there? Wanna tell me? Help look?" Sestaya put her free hand over her brow and looked over the crowd.
"Nah, don't worry, just a costume that fooled me. Thanks for the beer."
They tapped cups.
"Hey," Sestaya said as she turned and pointed, "isn't that your friend?"
Sue followed. The giant video screens mounted around the hall suddenly focused on a couple. It was a woman in a black mask that covered her whole face with the exception of her very red lips, her long blond hair fell around her bare shoulders and her moderately large breasts jiggled a bit. A man with sandy brown hair knelt in front of her.
"That's Danny," Sue said.
As in the video earlier in the day a leash was connected to a metal ring on a leather choker around his neck and the blonde woman held the leash taut with one hand while the other was behind his head. She nudged him and he sucked the large, black strap-on cock completely into his mouth before he backed off but didn't release it. The video screens rotated amongst feeds from almost every angle. Danny wore a white toga with blue and yellow highlights around it. From behind her it was obvious that other than the mask, elbow-length black gloves and the strap-on, the woman wore only knee-high boots with high, thick heels.
"That the chick he was with in Vegas?" Sestaya's question. "Saw the video, she's familiar."
"That's her. Name's Jan. Geek chick we found in Vegas, part of the show Riku was with. I don't know how her and her friend Kate wrangled their way here, but Rafe's fucking that other one brainless this week too. I think this one wears the gloves because of the big-ass diamond on her left hand. Kate's a bit camera shy though, but they're out there fucking somewhere."
Sestaya laughed. "The cougar she got in the fight with here?" Her eyes twinkled.
"Can't imagine," Sue laughed as well, her mood brightened, "no black eyes for Rafe so far. Not sure what these two geek girls are doing here. They were at Riku's computer show, but now? Guess they told their husbands they 'had business' in Chicago this week!"
"Lucky coincidence," Sestaya said and both laughed before Sestaya's voice went deep and husky, "you guys have any more boys like Danny? Been lookin'... not easy to find."
Jan tugged hard on the leash and Danny stood, his cock stood straight from his body and the hem of the toga laid over it. She jerked the leash again and he caught something tossed from the crowd. He worked a bottle cap and squirted something on the fake cock while Jan stood with her free hand on her hip. He applied a generous coating of lube to the shaft before the woman jerked the leash again and he stopped. She pushed at his shoulder and he turned ninety degrees and bent over the back of a sofa. She shuffled forward and he reached back to fine tune the aim of the toy. His body rippled as she tugged the leash hard and he backed up until the entirety of the strap-on's shaft was plunged into his ass.
"Bit of a bitch," Sestaya chuckled, "making him do the work."
"But she gives reach-arounds," Sue said and as if on cue Jan bent as she pumped her hips and reached into Danny's crotch.
Sestaya started to speak but stopped when Sue held up her hand. The cowgirl alternated looking at Sue and a large video screen.
"Brandon and his posse are here," Sue said brightly, "Zia says they've brought a couple of hot chicks with them. Thejainisays Alicia's planning something... well, says she had no idea how the hell the demon will manage it. Says it'll kick off after the Danny show, Alicia wants the stage to herself, and, um, seven others, to cement her victory."
"My sister lacks imagination when it comes to, oh, intimate contact with the fairer sex."
"Anyway, drink up," Sue said, "if we want front-row seats we need to get going. Margaret's got some surprise video for next and she's getting Riku to collect a pack of Cupids to kick off the Alicia show."
"Rubbing it in, sounds like," Sestaya said and they both laughed. Both women chugged the last of their beers and laughed as they dropped the cups in a handy collection bin as they headed for the stairs.
Sestaya took Sue's hand and the redhead smiled and led the cowgirl to the designated spot. Margaret's team could enable a tracking/homing function Dark Star had added to their wrist pads so Sue heard directions in her ear. Despite the heavy crowd most people were stationary as they watched Danny and Jan and chanted and cheered so the two women were able to slide through without too much trouble. When a couple of guys who'd had way too much to drink blocked their way Sestaya wrapped Sue with her arms and kissed the angel deeply. Witch's hat before, ten gallon now against her halo. The guys glared but reluctantly let them pass. As they walked Sue quickly snapped a picture of the pair who'd decided to follow them. She turned right instead of left and sent an alert. Margaret's IT folks monitored it constantly. With cameras and facial recognition software eyes would be on them.
Sue brought them to a halt and the drunks crowded behind her and Sestaya as the crowd cheered loudly as Danny and Jan blew their respective loads and as before she made him lick his cum from her gloves three uniformed security guards suddenly appeared alongside the two men.
"Gentlemen," the smallest of the three bulky guards said, the pair's eyes were slits but widened quickly when they noticed the larger guards, "I'm happy you've had such a good time. We hope you enjoy whatever entertainment you decide on for the rest of your evenings. Thank you for coming."
The speaker nodded to Sue who nodded back and she led Sestaya away. The small guard spoke again.
"We'll stop by the coat check and collect your belongings, gentlemen," Sue heard as the quintet headed in the opposite direction.
"That's handy," Sestaya said. She had to lean and speak into Sue's right ear.
"Things get urgent, coulda had a dozen of Margeret's folks in a few seconds," Sue's turn to lean, the women were all but the same height, "pretty rare, few shows ago had a similar situation but the guys jumped a couple of our girls. I mean, you don't need to be THAT charming to get into our pants, so hey, no need! Jay's big as fuck and Troy is some sort of twentieth degree black belt and Gina's won a few MMA bouts! And they're the nice ones. By the time security showed up the two guys begged to be arrested."
The crowd's cheers settled as Jan led Danny by the leash as she waved her free hand to acknowledge the audience. The video boards shifted. A brunette with a mask identical to Jan's bounced on a man's lap and they kissed. She had brunette hair and her figure was a bit more slender. Her legs were bent on the sofa either side of the man's legs but unlike the blonde's her boots were flats. She had the same elbow-length gloves. His arms were bare and wrapped around her back and under her buttocks and his biceps flexed as he lifted her for each stroke.
An older woman strode rapidly as the video screens shifted view. She was in a clinging gown with a plunging neckline that exposed most of her silicone-enhanced tits. Her hair was brunette with considerable natural grey mixed in.
"Oh, this is a fuckin' treat," the audio rang around the room, "not this little brown-haired whore again! Rafe, get it out of her cunt before it bites your prick off!"
The couple stopped fucking and both looked at the older woman.
"Shit," Sue said, "she's the one from Vegas! How the hell?"
Sue pulled Sestaya along as the crowd chanted 'cat fight' as Kate and the woman whose name Sue had never learned screamed abuse at each other. As before Kate lunged at the woman and Rafe intervened.
"C'mon," Sue pulled Sestaya along, "just ahead."
Another fifty feet and they pushed through the last bodies and saw Zia. She and Sestaya had the same long, dark hair and their eyes and skin matched. Thejainiwas in red, yellow and blue robes that flowed around her breasts and as she moved exposed her dark landing strip. She and her sister were essentially the same height but Zia was taller at the moment with her very high heels. Zia walked quickly to them and she and Sestaya kissed cheeks before her teammate smiled at Sue.
"C'mon," Zia said to the angel, "get your commera, make yourself useful. Cupids will be here any second!"
Sue unhooked the thin, palm size communications camera from her waistband. Sestaya smiled and reached into her satchel and pulled her own out. Sue used her wrist pad to sync it to their team's feed.
It was only then that she fully took in the scene. A king size bed without a headboard had been placed on the floor. It was low but high enough to allow good views.
'Alicia.' Her friend knelt on the bed still in full demon except for her shoes, which stood on the floor a few feet from the bed. Horns, wings, tail remained. Sue recognized Brandon next to her, she recognized Alicia's two other afternoon conquests nearby. Two women she'd never seen, a strawberry blonde who pressed herself against Jeremy and her hair was a bit redder than Lois the Witch and the other with light brunette hair who rubbed herself as the meat in a sandwich of two of the guys. Sue raised an eyebrow, wondered what that meant for her intended post gang-bang plan.
The crowd's noise hit a crescendo as the two women on the video screens had apparently decided to work together to beat Rafe to a pulp. But once they had him on the sofa Kate tore the older woman's gown off and the now-naked woman dove to suck Rafe's cock into her mouth. Kate mounted his face and after a few moments preparing him the older woman crawled onto the sofa and impaled herself with his now-ready cock. Sue heard Margaret's voice in her ear.
"On five, cameras," she said. Sue suddenly caught Riku's smirk about forty degrees off to her right. Almost as quickly an uncountable number of additional Cupids, male and female, all in variations of her wings and not much else, foam heart arrows notched but strings not yet pulled.
A cheer for the two women whose fight Rafe had again been caught in but had now combined to bury him in female flesh. The two women kissed as their crotches gyrated on face and cock.
Then the video screens went blank at the same time the previously continuous sound track ended. Sue almost felt the sudden silence. The video screens returned with a surround view of the pack of near-naked people on and around the bed.
"Cupids," Margaret's voice rang out, a firm and confident alto, "pull."
All of the Cupids including Riku pulled their bowstrings back. Every arrow aimed at the pack of bodies on and around the bed.
"Loose arrows of love!" At the amplified voice's call each archer let go and at least twenty foam hearts struck bodies.
"Cupids! Fire at will until everyone's naked!"
They obeyed. Squeals and laughter from the targets as they quickly removed what few clothes they had and a pile of arrows collected around the bed and the pack. Alicia stood with her arms in the air on the center of the bed, still in her tiny skirt and bustier and demonic accessories.
The rain of arrow hearts stopped.
"Ladies and gentlemen, humans and bots, introducing Alicia Capone, Demon Princess of the Ninth Circle, winner and still champion!" Sue glanced up, the scene replicated on the giant screens as each picked up a different angle. Her boss hired the best, some fast fingers on the control boards.
Then she glanced toward Riku and saw just for an instant a flashed look of... was it anger? Disappointment? Then it was replaced with the requisite Cupid leer as she and her team watched their handiwork.
The DJ fired up an oldie,For Those About to Rock, a driving rock and roll number. Sue found it strangely appropriate and smiled.
Alicia and the two women fluffed cocks that were almost all ready. Sue had only seen Brandon clothed but he was solidly built, with a taut body that she knew was Rachel's type, as much as that raging maniac had a type. His cock was... impressive. Not that the others on view weren't. He and Alicia directed the group.
One of the men, a powerfully built fellow but not one Sue had seen before, slid onto his back and the brunette woman lubed up his cock. Alicia, Sue kept thinking of her nom-de-fuck given the show she was about to put on, had other plans for Brandon.
But how for the whole bunch? Sue had seen the brunette pull off some impressive feats of sexual acrobatics, but this crowd? Margaret's rules said Alicia had to get all participants to climax, or well, as 'Tammy' had the previous evening they could do the final wank to blow their loads. But they needed to be 98% there...
Brandon held Alicia and lowered her and the blonde woman guided the prone man's cock pass the demonic anal ring while the brunette ensured her wings spread out either side of the man. The demon's tongue was between her lips as her mouth opened as he penetrated her and appeared to support most of her weight. Brandon knelt on the bed and quickly pushed his cock into a welcoming pussy. A third man, it was Jeremy, followed and knelt at her head and she sucked him in. Then each woman knelt on each side of her and Sue saw Alicia's hand find the near-side woman's, the strawberry blonde's, pussy as that woman leaned and sucked on those perfect tits. She assumed her friend's other hand had the brunette's pussy but that woman pushed her face into the demon's crotch and alternated licking at what Sue knew was a large and hard clit and Brandon's cock as it pumped in and out of her friend's pussy.
Ok, that left two cocks... And Sue's eyes widened. She looked sideways and Sestaya mouthed 'impressive.'
Each man used the lube and greased up a bare foot before they shuffled on their knees and leaned back as demonic feet had at their erect cocks. The DJ switched to theWilliam Tell Overtureas Brandon called cadence and Alicia's hands and feet and mouth worked at cocks as he and the other man fucked pussy and ass.
"Shit," Sue said softly as she held the commera on the scene, "she's doing this..."
"Sue," Margaret's voice in her ear, "get up close and personal. Try to look like a shocked angel at the depravity on view!"
Sue snorted. But she worked on her face. Shocked? Huh. She walked slowly toward the bed. Brandon noticed and turned his smile to her and she focused in and held it as she walked. He didn't lose the beat. As she found a spot near Alicia's right foot she was able to get both Brandon's and Alicia's faces in one shot. He turned to look as the woman whose pussy he was fucking and even Sue felt the electric shock of that look. She wondered if the commera had caught it but the wordless sound in her earpiece spoke louder than shouts.
"There's devilry afoot," the soundtrack's pause perfectly timed for the announcement, "and heaven's representative is recording for St. Peter's records!"
The soundtrack kicked in again but both Margaret's announcement plus the restored music seemed to have a very faint fuzz added. But she caught Jeremy's eyes while the demon's mouth worked its magic and waves of pleasure crossed his face. She worked toward him and gave viewers a tight closeup of Alicia's hand as it worked its magic on the strawberry blonde's pussy and clit and that woman caressed and sucked tits in turn. She read Jeremy's look and she leaned her head next to his.
"If you don't mind Naomi joining," he whispered as his eyes flicked at the woman whose pussy had just been broadcast to the world, "we can have the rest of the night."
"Would be heavenly," Sue said softly before she backed off and gave the world a closeup of his heavy-lidded eyes before she worked down his torso to show his cock as it worked it's way in and out of Alicia's mouth and her dark eyes glittered and her hair shook around her red horns. Sue smiled back before she managed to get back her proper look of 'shocked, I'm shocked that sex is happening at a sex festival!' Alicia must've gotten word in her earpiece because her eyes danced with amusement.
How the hell was her friend keeping this up? Sue focused on the first man then the other man getting the foot-jobs. Both pumped their hips slowly in sync with Alicia's greased feet.
She worked her way in a slow circle until she was in position for a tight closeup of the two cocks that penetrated Alicia at an ever faster pace. The brunette woman took a break from sucking that clit from hell to smile for the camera then returned to her task as her body twitched with the fingers that worked her own clit.
Sue widened the view slightly to capture Brandon's profile with Alicia's face in frame but softly focused. Then something at the edge of the ring of cheering and chanting viewers locked her eyes.
There was a gap of about twenty feet where an inner ring of viewers stood and clapped. Various of her teammates stood there and captured video from around the circle and Zia worked with Sue to capture various close views.
The costume was a black hat, flat on top with a wide brim. Some sort of dark grey leathery jacket that fell to the ankles and seemed to have a hood. But it was the face.
No. There was no face. It was a beak, well, like a beak, nearly a foot long as it curved slightly downward and narrowed to almost a point. Above the beak were a pair of smoked goggles that obscured the eyes. In its right hand the wearer had what looked like a cane with a highly-polished gold handle.
Sue knew her expression was suddenly a shocked surprise. Pure and without pretense this time. She didn't need Margaret's instructions.
"Sue," she heard Margaret's soft voice in her ear, she realized her commera had wandered and she brought it back to place. Alicia's and any other expressions of participants she could see showed lust and fatigue and the nearing of orgasms. Each stroke of Brandon's cock pushed more moisture from Alicia's pussy and it ran down to enhance the movements of the cock in her ass. Sue shifted her commera to show the goo that ran around fingers that worked the pussy of the woman whose name Sue didn't know.
She tried to control her breath. It couldn't be. Here? But who... who the hell else would wear THAT to THIS show? She'd seen more plenty of full-body latex or leather gimp suits. Would the, um, less-knowledgeable think this was simply one of those? But it was just so... fitting.
"Love the boots, finish," she knew that THIS voice in her ear was only for her, "after."
She looked directly at the goggled eyes. She swore the beak dipped by a millimeter. It was him. Absolutely insane.
She focused back on the pile of bodies in front of her. Alicia drooled slightly as she sucked Jeremy's cock. Every man she could see was breathing hard and the hips of Naomi and the other woman jerked slightly. She turned slightly at an almost subvocal sound from Brandon. She knew it was a command. His eyes led her to the man nearest her as he grunted hard and Sue broadcast to the world a closeup of jism that rose two, maybe even three inches from his cock as Alicia's left foot gave the cock a hard upstroke. A more distant grunt and her friend's right foot drove out a voluminous spurt that barely rose but gushed from the dark pink head to run all over it and the black painted demonic toenails.
She and Zia shifted and did extreme closeups as Naomi and the second woman bucked their asses and gooey juice ran down Alicia's hands and arms, fingers buried deep in pussies. Both women knelt back to suck hard on nipples and clit and Alicia's body bucked but was forcefully held in place by them and the three cocks still in her body. After a fourth, fifth and then a sixth hump all three men pulled their cocks with audible pops and Naomi and the other grabbed Alicia's arms and helped her off the man below her and those black wings flapped. Jeremy slid aside and the man pushed himself up.
Alicia slid to sit on the edge of the bed as Brandon slid off and her hands and mouth went to his cock. Jeremy and the man who'd been in her ass walked quickly to stand either side of Brandon while the two women slid to sit alongside the demon and their hands grabbed at the cocks in front of them.
Brandon grunted and Sue watched Alicia's cheeks flex as she swallowed the results of his cock's first spasm.
As in Vegas, the DJ fired up the cannons from the1812 Overture. They were almost inaudible with the massive cheers from the viewers in the massive room. And they weren't quite as bright as in Vegas.
Alicia pulled her head back and looked up at him as she stroked the cock and numerous spurts of cum sprayed across her cheeks and a protruding tongue. Finished, she twisted right and Naomi let her finish the man who stood to Brandon's left. The first shot hit chin and chest before she pulled him into her mouth and stroked it empty. Finally she released him and turned to Jeremy and grabbed his quivering prick.
Sue had felt the force of his ejaculation into her pussy and no one was disappointed as she and Zia focused in. A huge shot hit Alicia's forehead and covered her black hair and one of the horns. She pulled the next one and aimed across her left cheek, her mouth and the other cheek. Then she sucked it into her mouth and drained him as well.
The demon nudged Jeremy away before she turned her head hard and pushed her mouth hard on the woman to her left. Cheeks flexed as open mouths and tongues fought for a few seconds before Alicia broke the kiss and twisted to share whatever cum she had left with Naomi. She broke the kiss and hopped onto the bed and raised her arms in celebration.
The line broke and the mass of people crowded forward. Sue saw Zia and plenty of others with closeups of Alicia's cum-covered face as she smiled and rotated on the bed before she reached down and took Brandon's hand and he joined her. They hugged tightly and kissed hard to evoke another round of cheers before they separated and rotated to bow in each direction.
The angel worked herself backwards away from the bed. Let her friend have her glory. Would Jeremy follow? Hopefully not, at last view Naomi had slid over and pulled him into an embrace.
She'd lost her target's exact position but knew he'd been to her left when she faced the stage. She moved that way, her wings finally a benefit as people saw them and made way. She wasn't sure what Alicia might do for an encore but for once her friend's intent, and any rejects, weren't considerations. Brandon and his posse would take care of her. Not to mention Lucy and Zia and she'd seen Diana and Jay at the far side.
"Gettin' hot," the voice said into her ear. She craned her neck and saw the hat. She pushed around a knot of gawkers and saw the strange costume. The beak and goggles faced her. A tingle ran down her spine and knew there was a smile behind that mask. She wondered if onlookers would think she'd suddenly gone brain dead from her expression she worried was suddenly vacant, her eyes glazed.
Ironically, about ten or twelve feet to the left of him was a woman in a full body gimp suit, including hood and mask and what seemed like a male some way past her. Both had large black bags with shoulder straps and both seemed to be swimming hard upstream against the crowd that largely moved toward the bed.
Sue pushed a woman in a barely-there vampire costume, saw the chalked face and red around her lips but simply grunted something of an apology.
"Not an ang...," was all Sue heard before she saw a clear run of three long steps to reach her target. The crowd had thinned but that only meant he was in a space about a yard in diameter. She upped her pace and wondered if his strange costume caused those few to give him space.
Good. Her eyes flicked left. Had she seen a ten gallon hat? No. She was almost...
His posture caused her to slow before she stopped within arm's reach a few degrees from dead in front since the beak made being directly in front and this close nearly impossible. She smiled but something caused her to avoid the full body wrap she'd planned.
Of course. But his head turned slightly and he didn't refuse his left hand as she shuffled her booted feet and hid the view of her right hand clasping his left. His glove was leathery but something wasn't quite right about it.
Like the continued odd tone in the music. And someone was behind him. No not a someone, but...
"Beautiful angel," the voice in her ear wasn't his, well, not his natural voice, "please advise Agent Ali I am not who she wants."
Behind him the eyes of the person were dark and lidded under a ten gallon hat. The reaction of those eyes made clear their owner had heard the voice as well.
"Agent Ali?" Sue was confused and simply spoke, didn't know what channels were open. Zia's last name was Ali, so it made sense Sestaya's was as well. But 'agent?'
"Who do I want if not you?" Sestaya's voice was still her, Sue thought, but somehow firmer. Official. The cowgirl's right arm and hand were hidden behind the man but her left arm banged against her hip then she lifted it so she could continue to look forward but see the face of her wrist pad. Her expression showed unhappiness.
And Sue was reasonably certain there was plenty of confusion there as well. Like a mirror, the angel thought unhappily.
"I'm not the disease," the artificial voice continued in her ear and Sestaya's jerk indicated it was in her ear too. Not that she'd had any doubt, but she'd lost every shred of doubt who was in the disguise. Not a straight answer to be had. But what was going on? And Sestaya. Had her actions been... a setup? Like Riku?
"What?" Sestaya's, Agent Ali's, voice was sharp so she heard it over the oblivious crowd since the word wasn't in Sue's earpiece.
"He's the doctor," Sue said, "the plague doctor. From the Black Death."
Sestaya's eyes quickly snapped to focus on Sue. They narrowed slightly and a quirked smile crossed her face. It'd been Zoe's voice in her ear, likely in the agent's as well. The game was well afoot. Their earlier conversation made clear this woman knew all about her aliases so likely had heard the various voices as well.
"Not exactly the Black Death," the man's voice that wasn't his again, "more the seventeenth century. But we waste time."
"What plague?" Sue's question, Hester's voice this time. Not a Zoe question. She fought down her smile but squeezed the hand. She'd not known how much she'd missed him... no, she'd known. She'd refused to admit it. Had bashed it over the head with a sledgehammer and dropped into a sewer. Then she'd parked a car tire on the manhole cover over that sewer.
"Latex team," Sestaya's eyes went wide and her mouth dropped open when her voice came through Sue's earpiece, "stop all gimps. Repeat, stop and hold all gimps for questioning. Use caution, they may have weapons in their bags."
"Latex team?" Zoe's voice again. It carried the amused confusion that Sue felt. Damn. His software was so good. Just like his hardware...
'Oh, wow,' Sue's mind interrupted, 'some sort of emergency and you have pussy goo running down your thighs thinking about this man's cock? Oh, well, beats panicking.'
"How the hell? What was that?" Sestaya's voice had confusion on it but plenty of anger as well.
"No time to explain," the man's voice, "probably too late, the one's left in here are likely decoys."
"Latex team, shut down the music, close the doors, AAAHHH," Sestaya smashed her wrist pad against her hip, "what the fu---."
"I can't let you do that, agent," the man's voice again, "I'm using the sound system to jam the signal that's to power and activate the nanobots. Fifteen minutes and they'll be useless."
"And if you don't do that?" Sue's question, it was her voice that came to her and Sestaya's angry face looked at her.
"We all die," the male voice said, "well, you all do. I'm the plague doctor."
A few of the attendees around the trio had given them passing glances but most must've thought they were an angel, a cowgirl and a weirder than usual gimp. No one stayed close by or moved to join. Sue glanced and couldn't see the bed for the crowd but the cheers and the video screens showed Alicia and Brandon arm in arm as they cheered on a mass of naked bodies that completely covered the mattress.
"We're leaving, Agent Ali," the male voice said as the head nodded at Sue, who bit her lower lip and nodded back, Sestaya's face was hard, "your agency will receive what I know about this attack. Ain't much. Electric Brains' new quantum systems have some involvement. Find who's bought any. Not sure what the company, or their employees, know. Might want to take a look."
Sue's mouth dropped open. That was Riku's company! What the hell? But that little freak had set her and Rachel up. And biggest shock of all, the man the bitch Cupid wanted was right here. Sue looked around, with the music and fucking and dancing unless she was up on the walkway or had spy cam feeds...
"Spy cams?" Sue said.
"Only showing what I let 'em, my angel," the male voice, "you doubt me?"
She added her second hand and squeezed the single gloved hand. Hard. It squeezed back.
Then she heard a crackling sound and smelled something. Ozone! Taser?
Sestaya's hidden right arm moved forward. A second time and the sound repeated. A couple of the nearest people looked around but the sound ended before they could focus in on it.
The male voice let out a long sigh. "Save your battery, agent, it's not just killer nanobots the plague doctor's suit is resistant to."
The cane in the suited man's right hand slid a bit and his arm flashed and she lost sight of the golden head of his cane. Sue heard another crackle, but softer than before. Sestaya jumped but her eyes quickly glazed over and stared forward. The body wavered but didn't fall.
"But your costume is not so resistant," his voice said but Sue was pretty sure she was the only one that heard it.
Without being asked Sue released his hand and he rotated quickly and worked the taser out of Sestaya's hand as Sue stared. He slipped it into a pocket in his suit. Then he offered his left hand and she took it with her right. He led her into the crowd. She gave a quick glance back toward the cheering mass of people around the bed.
She'd have liked to have said goodbye.
No. Probably better this way. She had the odd feeling Rachel would know what had happened even though her leaving with the plague doctor would never appear on any of the hundreds of gigabytes of security and other recordings.
My Editor's Gonna Freak
She looked at his broad smile as he set the e-reader on the sofa cushion at his left. She liked him in glasses, knew he hated them but the surgery that gave him excellent distance vision just didn't, quite, cut it for long reading sessions.
And this had been one long session.
"It's a first draft," she said with an amused lilt, "well, first and a half."
"A soccer ball? They played soccer with your supervillain's head?" It was his voice. Amused. No tricksy software.
"Well, it wasn't connected to her body any more. Why not?"
"Then they boiled it bare."
"To make a candle holder. I thought about a drinking mug. Think that would work better?"
"Put a note to Zoe's editor, include the drinking mug idea. She knows Zoe is a truly sick fuck. She'll have a better feel for what the poor readers can handle. She always does."
His laugh was soft but heartfelt. She grinned. Hearing that laugh live was... well. It was worth the fatigue rings around her eyes from twenty-hour bursts of manic writing.
"She's still gonna freak," Sue said happily.
Then a cloud came over the redhead's face.
"Riku," she said, "her company. Were they, her, part of... the attack?"
"Intended attack," his answer was slow, his personae were never reticent but the man... she bit her lower lip and nodded for him to continue. He'd shown her dead nanobots with his microscope. Someone had made them. You'd breathe them in and they'd tear you apart from the inside if someone sent the signal. Well, no, they HAD torn people apart. People around the world just... dropped dead. Massive haemorrhages and confused doctors. More and more each year. But like, an entire conference?
"They're trying to make them self-replicating" he continued only a degree faster, "I don't think, well, mostly sure, they've not figured that out. Yet. But someone redirected that new Electric Brains quantum plus supercomputer to work on that. I'd tracked this attack but only sussed that out after Rachel sent me that email."
"I saw three girls there," Sue said, "one had... elf ears. Best costume ever or..."
"They were real," he jumped on her pause, "but those three were just there because they love sex and fucking. Always have. I noticed you worked in mention of a similar trio in the book, but they'd do much better in a Hester Hendricks story."
Sue blinked then smiled. She told her muse to get busy in her subconscious. She needed a few days to rejuvenate and switch aliases and this was her way.
"What about Sestaya and her super-secret three letter agency?" Her muse off doing its duty, her voice was again unsure.
"They don't trust me. Think their insurance policies of digging holes and sealing them and using fusion reactors to power them will save... anyway. I 'liberated' their report from their hack-proof server and a couple of the gimps had nanobot sprayers in their bags. But they all claimed 'some dude paid me to walk around with it.'"
Sue sighed and nodded.
"As to Sestaya, she's your friend," he said and Sue snorted this time, "maybe we should invite her for a three way... you said Sestaya was a bit put out Rachel hadn't let that new boyfriend fuck her that night. Maybe if I offered..."
"Rachel doesn't have A boyfriend," Sue's voice was a happy lilt but she shook her head at his offer, "she has five boyfriends and two girlfriends. But we can only invite Agent Ali if you want to give up YOUR ass, she... has, um, desires. She fed me lines of bullshit but THAT I think was honest."
A flicker of thought ran through her mind about Rachel. The brunette indeed had a posse of lovers, although if Brandon was first amongst equals... so be it. But she jumped any and all as the moods hit her. She'd asked on a call that had been routed through enough satellites and ground stations that there was actually a tiny lag on each side 'where are you guys' and had accepted the answer of, if with just a tiny sigh, 'nowhere close to there, but not out of sight.'
"You're serious about that reunion?" He asked. "You think live is best?"
"You said you can get Pirate Queen to that financial adviser's conference Rachel's attending," she said, "they should meet... Again."
"She's accepted. Don't think she suspects anything, she's kept a low profile for years other than those school talks," he smiled, "I'll tap into all the camera feeds so we can watch."
Sue grinned. Rachel would be shocked to shit. Just as Margaret had been hugely surprised. "I'll see you in Vegas," Sue had told her, "just tell your IT people a software upgrade's on the way..." Sue was pretty sure 'Agent' Sestaya would be there, but what was the use of living underground if you didn't shove that fact up the right people's noses?
It was his turn to snort. He stood up. He pulled off his t-shirt and tossed it onto the sofa which left him wearing only his glasses and a pair of gym shorts that had been too small before too many times through the washer and dryer had reduced them yet another size. And it was very obvious they were too small. Sue's breath caught and her tongue flicked between her lips.
"Speaking about asses," his voice went husky as his glasses followed his shirt onto the sofa, "I'm not quite sure about that sex scene about two-thirds through."
Sue sat cross-legged on the old divan that clashed badly with every other piece of furniture in the little house. And every other piece of furniture in existence on Earth. It seemed to be the one item he allowed to connect his life now to what his life had been. Like her typing table. It was a decades old small folding wooden table with faded blue paint and a laptop and notebook on it in the little nook she'd claimed as her 'study' and had slipped it unseen from her old apartment. Her legs were bare except where the oversized tank top covered the very tops of her thighs. It was more clothing than she'd worn indoors at almost any point since their arrival, it was her 'going out' outfit.
"Oh," she said with amused concern, "which sex scene was that?"
"The one where Zoe's protagonist DPs the supervillain's main henchwoman with his cock in her ass and that giant vibrator in front and makes her cum so hard she passes out," he said, "after she was sent to seduce and kill him. After a few variations he turns her. I don't know if that's realistic. I think we need to give it ALL a test run..."
He bent and reached under the sofa cushion and pulled out a bottle of lube and a large vibrator. A very large vibrator. He flicked the switch and it hummed to life. He stepped toward the divan.
Sue's eyes went to slits and she pulled the tank top off and tossed it onto the floor. Then she reached forward and pulled his shorts down. It wasn't smooth, they caught on... something. Something long... and hard...
"If you think you're enough of a man," her voice was husky and slow, "do your worst, hero. I'm made of sterner stuff than those little law-abiding girl geek mathematics tutors you're used to."
He bent and his face moved quickly toward hers.
The time for talking had ended.
*****
I hope you enjoyed this story. In addition to its predecessor mentioned at the front,Sex, Toys & Video: A Tale, this intersects with myMel's Universetales, which are all listed on my profile page, simply click on my author's (PennameWombat) link at the top or bottom of this or any page if you'd like to explore the stories around some of the folks mentioned here.
Thanks again for reading and I hope this is worth a perfect -- but honest -- rating.