I've only finished two stories as an adult and this is the second one. It's also the longest story I've written out of the two. I've got lots of writing to do if I even want to get good at this. I've tried to make sure that it is error free, but honestly, I'm tired of looking at it. I'm open to feedback on grammar, punctuation, story structure. etc. I hope you enjoy this story. Please leave feedback. Thanks!
***Part 1***
I met Helen a few months before the events of this story while working together at a big box store.
Helen and I clicked almost immediately. I was twenty at the time and Helen was twenty-six or twenty-seven. We quickly became friends and I guess Helen was kind like an older sister and mentor to me. Regardless of type of relationship that existed between us, we knew that we could trust each other and that we had each other's backs.
Working at Large Mart was a part-time, second job for Helen. Her primary job was in a small school district several miles away where she was a middle school PE coach. She drove thirty minutes from her school to Large Mart several days a week and then worked until closing, then going home and repeating the cycle. Just thinking about it wore me out. I assumed she was working both jobs because she needed the money, but I never did ask her.
Unfortunately, Helen was quitting the store and moving in a couple of days to be closer to her primary job. I was also moving in about two months time to go to college three hours away in the opposite direction. Our time together was limited even she didn't move.
After Helen's last night at the store, she invited me over to her apartment to hang out and have some pizza and maybe watch a movie or whatever else we could come up with. Another friend, a fellow teacher who lived in the same apartment complex, would be there as well.
As a twenty-year-old male, I'll freely admit that just about every other thought I had was about sex, but amazingly enough, I'd never entertained any sexual thoughts about Helen. In fact, based upon nothing other than her haircut and her assertiveness, I'd almost decided she was a lesbian.
Horrible, I know, but I was only twenty and had so little life experience. Little did I know it at the time, but this was going to be one of the hottest nights of my life up to this point.
****
I arrived at Helen's apartment a few minutes after she did. Her friend, Karen, let me in, introducing herself and explaining that Helen had gotten in the shower just before I had arrived. By the time Helen came out of the shower, I'd already finished the beer Karen had offered me. Helen came into the living room toweling her short, brown hair. She'd changed out of her work clothes and into a sweatshirt and pajama pants.
Helen probably wasn't anyone's idea of "hot." Her short brown hair framed a fairly unremarkable face that you probably wouldn't say was pretty. However, I always liked it when she smiled. She was stocky, but not fat. The loose clothes she typically wore provided no further details about her figure, and at some point in our friendship, I had quit wondering because it just didn't matter. She was just an average looking woman, just as most of us are average looking people. Let's face it, I wasn't a Tom Cruise or Brad Pitt either. But as the proverb says, beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.
"Ugh. My bra was killing me. It feels so good to be out of it'," said Helen, briefly scratching under her breasts.
Karen cleared her throat and tilted her head toward me as if to say, 'There's a man here, and you're just floating fancy and free?'
Helen looked over at me, "It's just Sam."
As I said before, I'd never had a sexual thought about Helen, but hearing her say she wasn't wearing a bra certainly had gotten my attention. My interest was piqued, to say the least. However, I acted as if I hadn't heard her.
I quickly glanced at her chest, I just couldn't help it. I realized I could just make out her nipples poking at her sweatshirt. From what I could tell, Helen had some fairly good sized boobs, maybe C or a D-cups. As she walked into the kitchen, I thought I could see them jiggle.
She came back from the kitchen with two beers and handed one to me. The cold temperature of the refrigerator must've gotten to her because her nipples were trying to bore holes through her sweatshirt. I tried to ignore them, but my cock didn't as I could feel it starting to swell. I concentrated on the bottle of beer I was holding and my cock deflated to its normal state.
It was my second beer of the evening and, being a lightweightanddrinking on an empty stomach, I was quickly starting to feel a buzz.
"Sam, you can take a shower and change if you want to," said Helen, inclining her head back in the direction of her bedroom.
I kept a spare set of clothes in my car for just such occasions. I felt disgusting after a long day at the store and Helen had already offered me the use of her shower before we left the store.
"Yeah, I feel pretty grimy." I gulped the rest of my beer.
Helen smiled and said, "You better slow down Sam."
"Hey, I know how to hold my alcohol." I was just being flippant. It's not like I was an experienced drinker.
I grabbed my duffel bag off of the sofa and walked into her bedroom where the only bathroom was located. After closing the bathroom door behind me, I stripped quickly, revealing my rapidly swelling cock.
As I stood beneath the hot shower, I couldn't stop thinking about Helen's breasts. I closed my eyes as I grabbed my cock and started to stroke it while visualizing her hard nipples and the jiggling of her breasts.
"Oh, god; Helen's nipples and breasts!" I said this over and over, stroking myself to the rhythm of the words.
I was getting close to ejaculating when, suddenly, I stopped. It was a difficult decision. I was so very close to the point of no return. I reached out and turned the water all the way to cold and my cock wilted almost immediately, as if it were trying to crawl back into my body. Now was not the most opportune moment to get off. Hopefully, that would come later.
When I could no longer endure it, I got out of the shower and dried off. After hanging up the towel, I pulled my clothes out of my duffel bag and started getting dressed. I'd pulled my underwear about halfway up my legs when I thought better of it.
Did I mention I was pretty buzzed after two beers and possibly not making good decisions?
I let go of my red boxer briefs and let them slide down to my feet. I picked them up with one foot and dropped them back into the bag.
I pulled out some slick, shiny-black athletic shorts, pulled them up, and then put on a T-shirt. I looked down and could see a faint bulge—that would never do—not yet, anyway. Even though I was as horny as fuck, I was able to make my incorrigible cock return to flaccidity after a couple of minutes. Looking down, I arranged it as well as I could. I looked into the mirror, and thought,You'd have to be looking pretty hard to notice it.
"At least for now," I said out loud, leering at the bathroom mirror.
As I exited the bathroom, feeling much better than when I'd gone in, I heard Karen and Helen quietly talking to each other as Karen joked, "We should take him to the hot tub and take advantage of him."
They laughed but got themselves under control when I walked into the living room. My stomach began growling the moment my nose detected the smell of pizza.
"I hope you like pepperoni and sausage," Helen said.
"Anything but those little fish," I responded.
"Yuck," said the three of us at the same time.
We all laughed. I went and grabbed my third beer of the evening from the kitchen and tried to concentrate on it, rather than Helen's breasts. I came back into the living room and sat on the couch.
Karen was sitting to my left in a blue recliner, and Helen was on my right, at the end of the couch nearest the television. We were watching a new show starring Jerry Seinfeld. It'd been on television for only a season, but I was hooked.
Every time Helen reached over to the coffee table for a slice of pizza or a drink, I could see her boobs swinging under her sweatshirt.Dear god...it was difficult not to get hard.
***
That was the first time I'd met Karen. She was blonde with mid-length hair styled with "wings" that were popular in the 1980s. She was dressed in stereotypical teacher fashion—a respectable, button-down blouse with a red apple embroidered on the left pocket and blue slacks that were neither too tight nor too loose.
Believe me, I know because I stared at her ass every time she got up. I think Helen caught me a couple of times but just rolled her eyes.
She wore sensible flats, for being on her feet all day, and a pair of large frame glasses. She was about thirty-two years old, and I thought she was kind of cute, but it was hard to tell what kind of body she had under her professional attire, although that didn't stop me trying to imagine her naked.
***
About twenty minutes later, after we were finished withSeinfeldand the pizza, Helen asked, "Do you two want another beer?"
"Yes," we both said at the same time, which sent Karen and me into a fit of giggles. Helen just looked at us and raised her eyebrow, but I could tell that she thought it was funny. I think the alcohol had begun to work on all of us.
As Helen bent over to get our empties off of the coffee table, her loose sweatshirt sagged forward, allowing gravity to pull her breasts away from her body. I could see them swinging back and forth under her shirt. This had been my best glimpse so far. I started thinking about baseball scores and I don't even like baseball.
I wasn't sure I was going to do what I'd planned while in the bathroom, but in any case, I hadn't worked up the courage to do it,yet. I was feeling a little anxious about the execution, and that did a fine job of keeping my cock deflated.
Helen sat down and I began sipping my fourth beer of the night—I was starting to feel pretty good. We were talking, or at least Karen and Helen were while I listened. Every time Helen would gesture, her boobs would jiggle.
I continued darting looks at her chest, but I was starting to lose the struggle to will my penis to stay limp. Helen would gesture, and her breasts would jiggle. I swear, I was so distracted I didn't know what they were saying.
My cock was laying against my right leg, but it was starting to lengthen and become more noticeable. I looked down and, though I wasn't fully erect, I could could see the outline of my cock near the top of my right leg.
While Helen was listening to Karen, she glanced toward me—I think to see if I was still listening. She hesitated, almost imperceptibly, before turning her attention back to Karen.
"Helen, are you feeling okay?" Karen asked.
"I'm fine," she said quickly, sounding a bit flustered.
"You look a little flushed."
"I feel fine. Really!"
I could tell Helen was concentrating on making eye contact with Karen and very studiouslynotlooking in the direction of my crotch.
I crossed my legs to make it somewhat harder to see my lap. Helen and I began complaining about Large Mart as Karen listened. My responses were robotic by that point, and I didn't know if I was making sense.
I'd given up on not being caught while looking at Helen's breasts—I was now full on staring at them. The alcohol had lowered my inhibitions to almost nil. I thought I could barely see the outline of her areolas. Helen kept glancing at me, but she wouldn't meet my eyes. My cock was an iron rod in my shorts.
During the time I'd known her, she had always been outgoing and assertive—she was definitely an extrovert and leader—but not that night, apparently. She finally sat back and crossed her arms over her boobs.
Usually, getting caught would've bothered me, but I think I was on my fifth beer and just didn't give a shit.
"Aw. I guess the show's over," I lamented.
Karen looked at me, quizzically. I uncrossed my legs and stretched, leaning back to make my erection more visible. I'm quite average at six inches but that night, it felt enormous.
"Oh!" she exclaimed softly, her eyes widening.
Fuck it, I'm doing this,I decided. I stood up from the couch and took a couple of steps to the center of the room. My cock was at full hardness and was causing an obscene bulge in my shorts. Both women's eyes zeroed in on it like heat seeking missiles.
I looked at Helen and saw she'd lowered her arms. Her nipples wereveryerect.
"If you're not going to wear a bra, I guess I'm going to have to jack off so I can concentrate," I said.
Both women stayed silent—I figured they were stunned at the sheer crudeness of my statement. At least they hadn't kicked me out,yet, so I had to believe that my next statement would garner even more interest.
I winked at them, "I can spank the monkey in the bathroom, or, I can do itout here." Do you remember when I'd said, earlier, that I wasn't making wise choices?
I was so buzzed, the concept of good and bad choices had no relevance in the face of my lack of inhibition. I dropped my hand to my cock and started rubbing it through my shorts. I couldn't believe that I was doing this; I felt like I was dreaming. However, I was also very excited and had no intention of stopping.
They were still very quiet, I was beginning to think, 'Maybe I've gonetoofar.'
Karen was the first one to break the silence.
"I think I'd like you to do it out here," she said quietly.
I looked at Helen, trying to gauge her reaction. Her neck was flushed all the way down to her collar. She stayed silent, but the look in her eyes wasn't one of anger or anxiety—I couldn't tell what it was.
"Okay, I'll be right back. I'm going to get a towel. After all, I don't want to mess up Helen's carpet," I said.
Still fondling myself, I walked to the bathroom, grabbed a towel, and willed myselfnotto run back into the living room. As I walked back slowly, I could hear Karen and Helen whispering. I stopped, trying to eavesdrop.
Helen was occupying the end of the couch where I'd been sitting and leaning toward Karen. "I don't know if this is a good idea," she whispered loudly. "He's only twenty and I don't want him to get any ideas about being in a relationship or anything. He's been a good friend but I don't want to inspire a case of puppy dog eyes."
Karen seemed to waver for a moment. "Well...you may be right, but I haven't gotten laid for overa year and a half. Seeing the bulge in his pants made mewet!" She whimpered the last part.
Helen exhaled loudly. "Okay," she said, but she didn't sound happy.
I cleared my throat and walked in. They both jerked upright as Helen moved her eyes back and forth between my face and cock.
Karen didn't bother to look at my face. She had eyes only for my cock. Her hand was trailing down her thigh towards her crotch. Suddenly, she snatched it away like she had touched a hot stove. She finally looked at me, a slightly embarrassed look on her face.
I returned to the center of the room, turned around to face them, laid the towel out in front of me, and then hesitated for a moment. My adrenaline was pumping and I was anxious and excited, all at the same time.
"Fuck it, I'm doing this," I whispered to myself.
I pulled my shirt off and dropped it behind me. I stared at both of them, hooked my thumbs in the waistband of my shorts, and pulled them down. The elastic caught on my erection for a moment, causing it to bounce up and down. My shorts fell to my feet and I kicked them to the side.
At the age of twenty, I was skinny as a rail; my body was nothing to brag about. But at that moment, I didn't give a fuck.
My smile was so big that my jaws were beginning to hurt. My cock, bending slightly to the side, felt hard enough to hammer nails. I grasped it with my right hand and began moving my hand up and down, causing my foreskin to hide and then reveal the head of my cock every time I moved my hand back and forth. After all the build-up I was afraid that I wouldn't last very long, so I stroked very slowly.
"You know, if one of you wants to give me some visual stimulation, I won't complain." I leered at them. "Besides, I'm getting a little lonely being the only one without any clothes on."
I closed my eyes for a second as I enjoyed the feeling of my hand gently sliding back forth over my cock. By the time I opened my eyes, Helen had pulled her sweatshirt up to her chin. She looked embarrassed, but she didn't put her shirt back down.
This is the point in the story where I'm supposed to tell you that, even though Helen had big boobs, they were, "perfectly perky." Helen's weren't, they sagged, but that's normal. Some breasts become saggy the moment they're large enough to do so. Youth doesn't always mean perky. She had to be a large C or D-cup.
She had a roll of belly fat, but she wasn'tfatif you know what I mean. Her right boob was slightly lower than the left one—in other words, they looked like typical tits. They were certainly doing it for me! Her areolas were wrinkled and contracted, pushing her nipples up and out. They were about the size of the erasers on those big pencils made for little kids. My mouth began to water just looking at them.
"Damn!" I said quietly.
I saw a slight smile quickly appear on her lips and then, just as quickly, disappear. I began stroking faster, but then remembered I was trying to make it last and slowed down. I heard some clothing rustling and turned to my right to look at Karen. She'd pulled her slacks down to her feet and slid her hands into her panties. I could see a wet spot at the crotch.
I began stroking a little faster, but still nottoofast. I began exhaling more forcefully. Fuck, having my hand on my cock felt good! Not as good as having someone else's hand on it, but still very pleasurable.
"Oh, god! My cock feels so good!" I groaned.
Karen continued to move her hand in small circles while rubbing her clit. "Yes!" she whispered.
I started to stroke faster as I shifted my eyes from Helen to Karen and back again to see the looks on their faces. Helen had started playing with her nipples and occasionally closed her eyes.
I groaned more loudly. I began squeezing my cock harder as my fist continued to piston up and down on it.
"Oh, god!I think I'm getting close!" I said.
I was starting to feel a tingling sensation in my balls and at the tip of my cock, which told me the end was near. I grunted in pleasure and began to stroke faster.
Karen haltingly said, "Slow...down...some. I'm not...there...yet."
When I looked at her, she'd taken off her underwear, unbuttoned her shirt, and unhooked the front clasp of her bra. Her breasts were very perky (as smaller breasts often are), her nipples were long, and she had "puffies"—I almost lost it when I saw those.
I'd catch glimpses of her pubic hair, which was a little lighter in color than her eyebrows, thus belying the blonde hair on her head. She increased the speed of her hand rubbing her clit in ever quickening circles. Her lips were puffy with arousal and I could tell she was very wet by the swishing sounds I heard as she moved her fingers in and out of her pussy, still using the other hand to rub her clit.
She groaned as she began breathing harder and more quickly.
"I....think...I'm...close...enough...now!" she said with urgency.
I heard Helen take a deep breath. I looked over at her and she was playing with her breasts by squeezing them together and dropping them, over and over. She looked excited, but she hadn't made any effort to touch herself anywhere below her waist.
I was getting close and began stroking faster. Karen and I started groaning together.
"Unh!" she vocalized.
"Oh...god...yes!" I said haltingly.
Karen began to groan more loudly and more often. I could tell she was about to cum as she tightly closed her eyes.
"Oh, fuck...oh, fuck...fuck!I going to cum!" she yelled.
I looked over at Helen's tits one more time and that did it for me. My balls and the tip of my penis started tingling again. I looked back over at Karen. She was looking at my cock and then our eyes locked.
"Here it comes!" I groaned.
Karen's eyes were shut tight and her mouth was wide open. She was inhaling, but no sound was coming out, yet. Then she arched her back, which caused her tits to thrust out provocatively, and yelled, "I'm cumming!I'm cumming!"
"I'm going to cum!" I yelled.
Helen spoke for the first time in several minutes.
"Cum on my tits!" she said.
Karen and I whipped our heads in her direction to find she'd taken her shirt completely off and was pushing her breasts together.
Her eyes were squeezed shut, and she was blushing, but then she pleaded, "Please!"
I waddled over to her while maintaining the spread-eagled stance I'd adopted when I started stroking my dick.
"Here...you...go!" I said.
I grunted as three or four ropes of semen erupted from my cock and landed on her tits as I did my best to angle my cock toward Helen's breasts. I was furiously stroking, practically squeezing it out as I stood with my cock almost directly over Helen's chest.
She closed her eyes and moaned, "It feels so warm."
She sounded aroused, yet she hadn't masturbated during that whole time we'd all been pleasuring ourselves.
Karen and I were gasping for breath. I turned around and fell back onto the couch next to Helen. She'd finally let go of her breasts. They were resting on her chest and my cum was dripping off of them and onto her belly. It was one of the hottest things I'd ever seen in my life.
I looked over at Karen. She was still breathing quickly, her eyes were closed, and her head was resting against the back of the chair. She opened her eyes and looked at me with a smile on her face. I smiled back at her.
"Thank you,so much! I needed that more than you know," she said.
"Believe me, I'm glad to be of service...more thanyouknow!" I said.
We laughed.
Karen pulled her panties and slacks back on as I picked up the towel I hadn't needed and dropped it onto Helen's lap. Her chest was still flushed.
Helen opened her eyes, sheepishly looked at Karen and me, then picked up the towel and used it to wipe my cum off of herself. She also managed to drape it over her entire torso as if to hide her naked breasts that I'd just cum on.
"Now, did I hear you two, earlier, saying you wanted to take me down to the hot tub and take advantage of me?" I asked.
Helen looked at me with a "barely there" smile on her face and quietly said, "I think we might be on the other side of that, now."
Karen smiled, "I think getting into the hot tub is a great idea!"
***Part 2***
"I'll go home, get my suit on, and meet you guys back here," said Karen.
She checked her clothes once more to make sure everything was in place and then left.
"I need to get my swimsuit on, too. I'll go into my room and change and then you can change," Helen said.
I smiled as she entered her room and kicked the door shut.
"You bet," I said.
I guess she assumed I had a suit in my bag. I don't know why considering what I had just done. I didn't have one, but I figured she didn't need to know that...yet.
As soon as the bedroom door slammed shut, I quickly walked to it and put my ear against it—call me a pervert if you want, but considering how the night had started, I decided the usual rules didn't apply. I could tell, by how red Helen's chest had been earlier and how she'd been playing with her tits at the end, that she'd been really turned on, especially after I came all over her breasts.
Karen and I had gotten off quite visibly and vocally, but I didn't ever see Helen touch herself, not even over her clothes, so I thought I might hear her giving herself some relief after she closed her door. Although she'd shown us her breasts and begged me to cum on them, she still seemed to be rather reserved about the whole thing.
Unfortunately, all I heard was the rustling of clothes. Of course, even that was probably my overactive imagination. The doorknob to her room began to turn in my hand, so I ran back to the couch, sat down, and pretended to watch TV.
Helen was wearing a fairly modest, red, one-piece. She was a little stocky, but though she didn't have a flat stomach, she was by no means fat. Her modest swimsuit, however, couldn't hide her boobs. Unfortunately, there seemed to be some sort of lining in the cups, so no "pokies" for me...so sad.
"You can go change, Sam. I left a beach towel out for you."
I thought she looked a lot less red, seemed to be somewhat more relaxed, and more or less back to normal.
I walked into her bedroom and closed the door. I didn't have a swimsuit, but I figured I'd wear my athletic shorts. Wait a minute...I had another bad idea, but since the earlier one had worked out...why not?
I made a couple of adjustments and wrapped the towel around my waist. I put my bag on Helen's bed and walked back into the living room. Karen was there as well with a bottle of wine and some glasses. She looked at me and gave me a big smile that had me hoping some of my ideas for the rest of the night might pay off with, at least, one of these sexy women.
We walked from Helen's apartment down a flight of stairs. I was walking behind Karen, but unfortunately, she was wearing some kind of cover-up so I couldn't see her ass. I was disappointed but consoled myself with the thought that I would be seeing it soon enough.
It was almost eleven o'clock at night, but I was wide awake with anticipation. I held onto my towel as I walked down the stairs. I didn't want it to fall off and ruin the surprise!
We arrived at the gate to the hot tub and pool, but it was locked. There was a sign on the gate stating it closed at eleven.
I was disappointed.
"Bummer," I said.
Karen smirked.
"Don't worry, I can get the key from the manager. She's my cousin and won't mind us using the hot tub past closing...as long as we're quiet."
Helen and I patiently waited after Karen left. I guess we were lost in our own thoughts. I have no idea what she was thinking about, but I was trying to keep my mind blank. I didn't want my excitement, or my anxiety, to overwhelm me.
I hadn't had an erection since I'd jacked off for the two women a few minutes ago, but my cock was dangling heavily between my legs and threatening to come back to full mast.
Karen returned a couple of minutes later, unlocked the gate, and ushered us in. Helen's ass muscles clenched a little as she stretched, which provided me with a fantasticview.
"We'll have to be careful. I can't turn the lights on because my cousin says it screws up the timer. Besides, we'll have more privacy this way," Karen told us. She winked at me.
"I think being under the cover of darkness is just fine," I said.
Helen tentatively stuck a toe into the water then stepped in and sat down.
Karen went over to a control panel and flipped a couple of switches. Jets came on and the surface of the water began to bubble. Lights in the bottom of the hot tub also came on, providing an eerie glow that dimly illuminated Helen's face.
The hot tub lights were the only source of illumination, so it was still quite dark. That suited me just fine because it wouldn't do for anyone walking by to see what I was about to do.
"Go ahead and get in, Sam," Karen said, taking off her cover-up.
I unabashedly observed her body.Fuck!, I thought. I had amuchbetter view than I'd had when she was sitting in the chair in Helen's apartment, even though the strategic areas were covered right now. It wasn't the smallest bikini I'd ever seen, but it was the smallest one I'd seen in person.
Two small triangles covered her small, beautiful breasts and her nipples were already standing at attention. And her ass that I'd been wondering about earlier? She was wearing a thong that displayed it perfectly. It was the ass that dreams are madeof.
Her pussy was barely covered by the smallest triangle of cloth it has ever been my pleasure to see on a bikini bottom. It may have seemed unusual for the early 1990s, but she must've trimmed the hair on her pussy. Yes, the piece of fabric was that small. My cock became a hard, iron rod underneath the towel.
"Ladies first," I said.
Karen stepped down into the water and sat down.
Helen and Karen looked up at me as I walked up to the edge of the hot tub. I grasped the top of my towel and grinned as I got ready to drop it.
"I hope you like my swimsuit."
I dropped my towel, and my erect penis, no longer hampered, sprang up and bobbed around before settling still. Karen's eyes were riveted to my cock, just as they'd been in the apartment. The difference this time was that she didn't look at all shy.
"Sam! There might be enough light from the parking lot for people to see you!" Helen hissed with alarm.
"You worry too much," I said. "Besides, we're mostly covered by shadows. I don't see anyone around."
I was sat down, leaning back until my head was almost lying on the edge of the hot tub and looked over at Helen. She seemed to have mostly gotten over my "swimsuit," and she was looking good in her modest one-piece. She was curvy and definitely had everything in all of the right places. Flat stomach be damned, I realized Helen was thick in all the right ways.
She looked over at Karen and arched her eyebrows, "I've never seen that bikini before. I'm pretty sure I'd remember something that...brief."
Karen chuckled then turned her head to look at me. "With the way the night started, I felt this was appropriate. After the show Sam put on, I decided I could repay him, just a little. That's assuming, of course, he wanted to see more of me than he did in the apartment."
Her smile turned into a tight-lipped grin as she became a little more serious.
I thought about how her face had looked when she was cumming.
"Karen, you're the hottest woman I've ever seen. I have half a mind to rip that suit off of you and..." My voice drifted off as I realized I was about to say what I'd been thinking—too much beer I guess.
Karen grinned again, and Helen looked embarrassed, although there wasn't enough light to see if she was blushing. Helen was really surprising me with her behavior. As I said before, I'd only seen her display assertiveness and confidence, but I guess expressing her sexuality had moved her out of her comfort zone.
As my buzz faded, my inhibitions seemed to come and go. For a second, I wondered if I might be risking our friendship...but only for a second. I was starting to feel a little anxious about the thoughts that'd been going through my mind and what I hoped would happen. I didn't want to feel that way, but luckily, I didn't have time to worry because Karen solved my problem.
"Does anyone want some wine?" Karen asked. She was pouring herself a full glass from the large bottle she'd brought with her.
"I do, for sure!" I said. I had never had wine, but I needed, as the Eagles would say, 'a little shot of courage.'
Karen poured me a full glass.
I took a sip and grimaced.
Karen looked mildly amused. "Haven't you ever had wine before?"
"No, but I'll learn to like it," I said. I wasted no time before gulping the rest down.
"That's the spirit!" she said.
"Helen?" she said, nodding to the bottle on the edge of the hot tub.
"Yeah, I think I'm going to need some," replied Helen.
Secretly, I hoped she'd needway morethan one glass. After all, Karen wasn't the only one I was interested in playing with. Helen's tits were amazing, as were Karen's, but in a different way. Cumming on her big tits hadn't been enough. I wanted to get my hands, and hopefully my mouth on them. I gulped more wine.
"Slow down a little, Sam," said Karen. "I know you said you know how to handle your alcohol, but I don't want you to get sick...in the hot tub." I didn't think that was really what she wanted to say, and I had a hopeful feeling about how that sentence should have ended.
I set it back on the edge of the tub and said, "Fill me up again, bartender."
Yep, the alcohol in my bloodstream wasdefinitelyresurging.
"I promise to go slower with this one."
She poured me another glass, so I assumed her concern had abated.
"I'll take another one, too," said Helen.
She sounded a little looser and a little less restrained than earlier. At least I hoped so. Karen poured her another glass.
We were sipping our wine and enjoying the jets and the burbling of the water as we sat quietly for a while. We were all semi-reclined with our heads and shoulders above the water. I couldn't see anything below the water, which was actually kind of a disappointment. I became so relaxed, my cock was no longer as hard as steel, but it was by no means flaccid.
I felt something on my right thigh and realized it was Karen's hand. My cock twitched. I turned my head to look at her and arched an eyebrow.
She mouthed, "No?"
I felt her hand leave my thigh, but I grabbed it, put it back, and smiled as I whispered to her, "Oh, yes, yes, yes!"
She smiled back at me as I felt her hand sliding up and down my thigh. Her hand came closer and closer to my cock with each stroke, but never quite making it. I groaned in frustration. My cock was fully erect again and begging to be touched. My eyes closed, and I enjoyed the sensations of her fingernails tracing up and down my thigh.
Suddenly, I realized I was no longer feeling her hand, but I could hear her moving around beside me. I opened my eyes to see Karen grinning like the Cheshire Cat.
She said, "I was getting hot."
"Huh?" I eloquently said.
Just then, something floated in front of me. I grabbed it and took it out of the water. I was holding two tiny fabric triangles connected by a string. It was Karen's bikini top! That meant she was topless below the water, but I couldn't see anything!
The thought of seeing her puffies again made me feel harder than I'd thought possible. My eyes were locked on the location of her chest that was still underwater.
She was still smiling as she slowly sat up higher. The water beaded off of her breasts, dripping off the tips of her puffy nipples. We were sitting next to each other and my eyes were about eighteen inches from her tits. My cock twitched again. Her breasts didn't sag, instead, they pointed straight out with long nipples capping her puffy areolas.
I quit smiling and stared at her with intense lust. Adrenaline coursed through my body. Everything else faded out and the only sound I could hear was my heartbeat. My body was ready to fuck. I couldn't think about anything else.
I made another questionable decision, grabbing her jaw and pulling her to me until our lips met and we began kissing passionately. I couldn't get enough, and I wasn't getting enough. I wasn't wondering anymore about what might happen tonight. It was as if my last inhibition had dropped and I had become an out of control lust filled animal. She let out a soft 'Mmm' and slipped her tongue into my mouth. Helen must not have been paying attention because I suddenly heard an alarmed whisper.
"Karen!" Helen said in an alarmed whisper.
I jumped a little, surprising Karen. Honestly, I had forgotten that Helen was in the hot tub.
At that point, a car drove by slowly, which Karen and I pretty much ignored, but Helen became even more wound up.
"Karen! The police are here and if they see us, we'll get fined, we'll lose our jobs, and..." she said, sounding like she was about to panic.
Karen and I separated, she looked at me and winked, and then I turned to look at Helen. Truth be told, I was kind of worried about getting caught, too, but since my cock felt like the phallic version of Mr. Universe, I just brushed it off. The police car continued moving slowly but was soon out of sight of the pool.
"Helen, you worry too much," said Karen. "The police always stop by the office and check on my cousin if the light in the office is on. She told them she'd just walked the property and there was no need for them to do it again."
I turned and looked at her. "How do you know that?" I asked.
"Simple, I told her I had a guest and that we'd like some privacy."
She looked over at Helen. "And I didn't mention you at all."
Helen didn't sound convinced when she said, "Okay. Pour me another glass."
"I know what would relax you," Karen told Helen.
"What?"
"Getting off!"
Helen took a big gulp of wine.
"I already came on your tits and I'm pretty sure you haven't cum at all. You've got to be feeling on edge by now, just ready for that pussy to be stroked," I said lasciviously. I wasn't really sure who would be doing the stroking, Karen or me, but either possibility was exciting.
Helen exhaled loudly then nodded.
As much as I wanted fuck Karen, I also wanted to do something sexual to or with Helen.A threesome would be nice, but even with the way things are going now I don't want to fuck this up. I'm not about to suggest it. Besides, it might scare Helen into doing nothing at all, and I certainly don't want that, I thought.
Karen slid onto my lap, facing me. We began making out again, doing our best to stick our tongues down each others throats. Her hands roamed all over my back and butt and occasionally brushed my cock. For my part, I held onto her ass with one hand while I squeezed her tits with the other.
I started to hear heavy breathing from Helen. I opened my eyes and stopped kissing Karen for a moment to look at Helen. When I stopped kissing her, Karen opened her eyes quizzically for a moment then heard the noises Helen was making and turned to look at her also.
Helen was sitting up with her chest out of the water and she'd peeled the upper part of her one-piece down over her arms! Her boobs seemed to float in the water. Her eyes were closed and her right hand was below the water, presumably rubbing her pussy. She moaned frequently but didn't seem to be in a hurry. I had topless Karen on my lap, and I had Helen on my left...moaning. It was sensory overload.
Karen and I turned back toward each other and we smiled. We started making out again. Figuring this was my chance, I reached out with my left under the water, put it on Helen's right thigh, and began slowly rubbing it. Helen gently, but firmly, removed my hand from her thigh.Oh, well. Maybe I'll get to at least see her cum.
Karen and I continued to furiously make out. She continued crushing her tits against my chest and I continued grabbing them and squeezing her nipples. Suddenly, Karen pulled back a little and gave me a hungry look.
She stood up part way until her bikini bottoms were out of the water then scooted close enough to me so that her breasts were at the level of my mouth. I would've had one in my mouth immediately, but what happened next derailed that train of thought.
She pulled her bottoms to the side, exposing her very swollen pussy lips. She put her other hand on the edge of the hot tub, then eased back down onto my lap until I could feel her pussy against my cock. She moved up and down a few times, rubbing my cock against her slick, puffy lips.
She was so wet...even under water. She raised up a little more, took her hand off of the edge of the hot tub, grabbed my cock while still holding her bottoms to the side, and slowly sat down, guiding the tip of my erection between her lips.
I could feel her bikini bottom rubbing the side of my cock. She put both of her hands on the edge of the hot tub, one on each side of my head. She closed her eyes and sat all of the way down, enveloping my cock. I could feel my foreskin being stretched downward and then I felt the sensitive head of my cock pass between her inner lips. That's one of the best feelings known to man, when a woman lips squeeze your penis right below the head.
"Fuck, this feels good," I moaned.
"Um-hm," Karen moaned affirmatively.
She just sat there, with me inside of her, for a minute. It felt so warm! Then she began to slowly move up and down. I put my hands on her hips and held on for the ride. I was afraid I'd cum soon, but I didn't want it to end yet because it felt so good. I watched her small tits jiggle as she pumped up and down on me.
"Suck on my tits!" she commanded.
I didn't have to be told twice. She slowed down a little, I captured her left breast in my mouth, began sucking on it, and swirled my tongue around her nipple and puffy areola. I was able to get her entire tit into my mouth. She began moving faster and moaning quietly again as I switched from one breast to the other.
To my left, I could hear Helen breathing as if she was running a race, and I could hear the water being stirred as she rubbed her clit faster and faster. I released Karen's boob from my mouth and put some pressure on her hips to slow her down.
She opened her eyes and whispered, "What?"
I tilted my head toward Helen. Karen stopped moving up and down and focused her attention on Helen.
"Helen, that isso hot!" said Karen.
Between harsh breaths, Helen said, "Uh...huh! Watching you guys...have sex...I mean...fucking...is...turning...me...on...so much!
Helen's mouth hung open and her eyes were tightly shut. At that moment, she was pinching and pulling her nipple so hard that her left breast was being pulled away from her body.
"Helen, are you close?" asked Karen, gleefully.
Helen groaned as she moved her hand faster, "Yes!"
"Slow down a little. We want to cum when you do."
Karen looked at me. "Don't we?"
"You damn right we do!" I said.
I was surprised I hadn't cum yet from the overstimulation of Karen fucking me and hearing and watching Helen masturbate. Thank god for "whiskey dick."
Helen didn't say anything, but she slowed down a little.
Karen began moving up and down again, quickening her pace in rhythm with Helen. Karen's eyes darted back and forth between Helen and me. My eyes darted back and forth between Karen and Helen. It was difficult to continually shift my focus with Karen's pussy sliding up and down my cock. However, I managed to do so because I wanted to see Helen's 'O' face when she orgasmed. There's nothing hotter than watching a woman's face when she cums. Helen continued to increase the speed of her hand.
Karen began moving up and down so fast that it was hard to focus on Helen. My balls and the tip of my cock began tingling, warning me of my impending orgasm.
Karen began breathing harder, but both us managed to keep our eyes open and watching Helen.
A low moan began emanating from Helen's mouth. Her other hand had joined her right hand below the water. From the way it was moving, I'm pretty sure she was fingering herself. I looked back at Karen, grabbed her hips and pushed her down as hard as I could on each downstroke.
"Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck!Oh, fuck!" Helen began whispering.
Her head was almost all of the way back on the edge of the hot tub and her mouth was hanging wide open.
Through ragged breaths, she said.
"I'm...about...to cum!"
Karen looked straight into my eyes. "Me, too!"
I only nodded as I quit trying to hold my orgasm back. I felt exquisite pleasure every time the tip of my cock passed between her inner lips and then back into her warm, wet pussy.
Helen moaned loudly, in spite of her earlier worries about being discovered out here.
"Yes, yes, yes!I'm cumming,I'm cumming!"
Karen followed, "Fuck, yes!Me, too!Me, too!"
I could feel her pussy contracting with her orgasm. I was so close to the edge. I looked back over at Helen—her head was hanging back, she was moaning, and her large, sagging, beautiful breasts were quivering.
She arched her back out of the water so far that I could see her furiously rubbing her clit with one hand and pumping in and out of her pussy with two fingers of her other hand. I looked back at Karen, watched her face as she orgasmed, and watched her tits bounce up and down.
Karen continued to slowly pump up and down as she looked into my eyes.
"Cum for me with your huge cock! I want to feel your cum shooting in me!"
That did it. I could feel the cum shooting out of my cock as I struggled to keep my eyes open and look at Karen's face.
I moaned, and then, "Ah!Oh, god!I'm cumming!"
I could feel the endorphins coursing through my body. Karen stopped moving up and down, her ass resting on my thighs. I was still rock hard inside of her.
"Still hard, I see," she said, smiling. She began swiveling her hips.
"Oh god, you have to stop," I said, "too sensitive."
She laughed. She stood up and I slipped out of her. Still hard, but beginning to soften. I saw my cum running down her leg as she pulled her bottoms back into place. She reached over me to grab her top from the edge of the hot tub and tied it back on.
Helen was sitting back in the water, her eyes closed as her breathing slowed down. She pulled her suit back up to cover her breasts. She looked very relaxed.
Karen smiled and asked me, "Did you enjoy the hot tub?
I smiled back. "Oh yes, that was very therapeutic," drawing out the last word.
***Part 3***
After we'd gotten out of the water, Karen went over to the controls and bent over them and pushed a couple of buttons—you're damn right I stared at her ass while she did it! I wrapped my towel around me and it started tenting outward, damned if I wasn't getting hard again!
I was really, really hoping for a round two with either woman. Does that make me sound like a pig? At that moment, I didn't care. I still had a healthy buzz, and I was thinking with only the little head.
The hot tub's lights faded away and the water stopped bubbling. I heard another noise and realized the hot tub was draining. Karen walked over to the gate where Helen and I were waiting. She looked down at my towel and smiled.
Apparently, she could see well enough in the dark to tell I was ready for more. She grabbed my cock through the towel and tugged a couple of times. I thought my knees were going to buckle before she let go.
"Too bad I don't have time to do this again, tonight. I have to be somewhere in the morning and it's already late." She looked disappointed.
"But I think Helen," she let it hang in the air for a moment, "could make use of a hard cock. Helen, I'm sure getting off in the hot tub felt good, but I know Sam's cock would feel even better. You'd be happy to help her, wouldn't you, Sam?"
I just nodded.
Helen looked embarrassed as she looked down at the lump in my towel. As I had observed before, her behavior was so out character compared to the Helen I had always know.
"I don't think that would be a good idea," she said, sounding almost sad.
"Helen, give Sam your keys so he can get into your apartment. Sam, you go ahead of us. We'll catch up with you in a few moments," said Karen.
Helen didn't look happy, but she put her keys in my hand. I opened the gate and as I walked back to her apartment, I tightly held onto the keys with one hand and my towel with the other. I could hear them whispering in a heated conversation that diminished in volume as the distance between us increased.
I let myself into Helen's apartment. My buzz had started wearing off, but I was so excited about potentially getting laid for a second time that night that I didn't care.
I went into bedroom to get dressed. I didn't want to put my clothes back on, but I also didn't want to sit on Helen's furniture while wrapped in a wet towel.
I finally decided to put only my shorts back on—once again with no underwear. Then I decided to put a T-shirt on since I didn't want to make Helen any more uncomfortable than she already was. It was almost midnight and I was tired, so I sat down on the couch to wait for them.
I jerked awake at the sound of the door opening. I must have fallen asleep. I looked at the clock and saw I'd been out for only about five minutes. Both women were quiet, but Karen gave me a little smile. Helen looked at me apprehensively and then looked down at my crotch.
My erection had gone away after I fell asleep, but my shorts still outlined my deflated penis. She looked away, walked into her room, and closed the door.
Karen came over and sat next to me. She was wearing her cover-up, but looking at her and remembering what was underneath and how it'd looked and felt, sent blood rushing into my cock, causing it to harden completely within about a minute. Karen looked at it and smiled.
"It looks like you're ready, even if she's not. Look, Helen really does need some dick, worse than I did! It's been about six years for her and, as much as I was ribbing her, I'm serious about this. She really needs to be able to trust who it is, and right now, there are no men she seems to trust other than you.
I was confused and it must have shown on my face.
"Helen's experience with sex has been limited and mostly unfulfilling from what she's told me," Karen explained.
"I've been teaching with Helen for about four years, she's now one of my closest friends, and definitely my best friend at the school. So over these four years, she's been telling me the details of her life and some of them are not pretty. I've also picked up details from some of her college that have come to visit.
"She's come a long way, but she needs to get over one big hurdle, and I'm hoping you can help with that. If you two do this, I want you to realize it will be more than just fucking and getting off, but I also want you to realize that it's not a relationship.
"It's very important that you listen, okay?"
I thought about it for a moment and then nodded. My brain was not at its optimal level because fatigue and all of the alcohol in my bloodstream.
After the mutual masturbation session, I'd been hoping that I might get to fuck both women that night, but if I could actually help Helen, I'd do it for that reason, too.
"Good. The Helen you know—the assertive one that you're probably used to—that's a fairly new thing for her. It's not a facade, it's very real, but it's not the way she's always been."
She paused for a moment and looked up, and expression of deep thought on her face. After a moment looked at me again and continued.
"As I said a minute ago, I've pieced this together from what Helen's told me over the last four years and from what I've learned from her college friends who have visited.
"There's no other way to say it, back when Helen was in college, she was fat. She told me she was around two hundred pounds at the beginning of college. You imagine how she looked considering how short he is. By the time of graduation, she was getting close to three hundred pounds. In fact, it's amazing that she graduated at all, given everything she's gone through.
"Helen had never had a serious boyfriend, and she most certainly hadn't ever had sex. So when Greg asked her out at the beginning of her sophomore year, she was on cloud nine. I've seen pictures of Greg and, while he wasn't Tom Cruise, he was pretty hot.
"And to be honest, he wasn't the kind of guy who'd date a girl as Helen big as was. Helen was still a virgin when they had sex for the first time. Greg, as it turned out, had lots of experience.
"They were fucking every day and, while it often seemed that Greg was just using her as a human masturbation aid, she was certain they were in love—that is, until she overheard him talking to a friend. Seems he was bragging about using the 'fat bitch' for fun until he got tired of her.
"Helen was crushed. She refused to talk to him after that and, true to his character, he never tried very hard to get in touch with her. After one or two feeble attempts he never talked to her again. Helen really began to put on weight after that."
Karen paused for a moment and her eyes began to water. Then she continued, not focusing on me but presumably seeing things play out in her mind.
"After she graduated and began focusing on herself, she buckled down, lost the weight, and quit feeling sorry for herself. However, in other areas, she needs a confidence booster.
She looked back in my eyes, staring intensely at me. I could tell this was important to her; that Helen was important to her. I could tell that she was very protective of Helen.
"Here's the deal. She isn't completely sold on this, but I convinced her this was as close as she's going to get to having sex with someone she can really trust but is also someone she's not in a relationship with. She says she trusts you, and frankly, she's been staring at your cock all evening. She needs to get over this wall, and I think having some no strings attached sex is just the way to give her the boost she needs.
"Okay...if she decides that she's going through with this, she'll come out of her bedroom wearing the only piece of lingerie she owns—a purple, silk, baby doll. If she's wearing anything else, she's decided against it."
"Okay. I really do want to help her, especially with something this important," I said.
"And honestly," I said with a stupid smile splitting my face," I wouldn't turn down getting laid again."
Karen smiled back at me, "So incorrigible, it must be nice being twenty." She reached down and squeezed my cock.
Karen got up to leave. She was halfway out of the door when she hesitated, then turned around and looked at me.
"Did you say you have six or seven weeks until you move away to college?"
"Yep, about that much," I replied.
"Well, you appear to be mature and not likely to get overly attached so,if you're interested, I think we could have some fun before you leave."
"I think you're right on all counts. Just let me know the next time you need some...help!" I said, laughing. "You know where I work."
She smiled and slammed the door as she walked out.
That must have been the signal. The door to Helen's bedroom slowly opened. There was no light behind her, only the dim lamp in the living room illuminating her. I held my breath, waiting to see what she was wearing. Honestly, I wanted to fuck her pretty badly, regardless of the reason.
She came into the living room wearing her negligee. It came to the top of her thighs. Her nipples tented the silky material and it clung to her belly.
"Sam, you don't have to do this," were the first words out of her mouth.
"Helen, I want to, really, " I said, trying not to sound eager. You know, trying not to sound like a hormone filled asshole, thinking with his cock instead of his emotions. I might even have been somewhat successful. My cock pushed insistently at my shorts.
Helen looked down at my crotch, took a deep a breath and said, "Okay. I want you to go into the room first I'm going to be out here for a minute. Don't turn on any lights and just lie down on the bed. I'll be in...in a moment."
"I can do that." I turned around to walk into her bathroom.
"And, Sam," she said, "I want you to realize that...
"...this isn't a relationship," I said, finishing her thought. "Everything is going to be okay, Helen This in one friend helping another, just in a slightly unusual way."
She smiled and looked relieved. I went into the bedroom, closing the door. I carefully found my way to the bed.
This whole situation seemed so odd, but it'd been an odd and exciting evening. I went over to her bed and laid down.Should I take off my clothes?I decided that would probably be okay since we were about to have sex. I stripped my shorts and t-shirt off, aimed for a corner and threw them.
I was laid on Helen's bed, waiting with anticipation. My cock was as hard as a rock. It laid on my belly like a lead weight, arrowing in the direction of my head.
The door opened and closed, a brief flash of lamp light revealing Helen's silhouette. I felt the side of the bed settle with a creak as Helen sat down. I could smell tequila— probably the reason she had lingered in the living room. She put a hand on me, trailing her finger back forth a couple of times from my chest to my cock, her fingernails scraping my skin, making me shiver. Her hand finally stopped, coming to rest on my cock. I involuntarily groaned and thrust my hips up into the air.
I felt the bed shift again as she laid down and scooted close to me. Then I felt the hem of her nightie brush my thighs as she climbed on top of me and sat on my legs. I could feel her pubic hair brushing my balls.
As apprehensive as she might've seemed, she did seem to be turned on. She rubbed her slick pussy lips back and forth over the pole laying on my belly. She raised herself up on her knees and hovered over my cock.
She grasped it in her hand and I could feel her guiding it between her pussy lips. I was feeling the delicious grip of a pussy for the second time that night. She moved downward until her pussy enveloped my entire cock. We both sighed. If I hadn't already cum twice in the last three hours, I think I would have filled her pussy at that very moment.
The darkness clung to us. There there wasn't enough light for me to make outanything. I felt her hands on my chest. Her weight shifted and she leaned forward. She began moving up and down, sliding a little farther up my cock each time she pushed up.
I could feel my cock stretching her pussy lips with each stroke. I placed my hands on her thighs and then moved them upward until they were under her nightie and gripping her hips.
Helen began speaking in a breathy voice, "Oh, god. This feels so good. Fuck, Ineededthis."
It was almost as if she'd forgotten I was there.
I took my hands out from under her nightie and slid them up the silky material until I reached her big, beautiful breasts. I felt her nipples bumping up the material. She stopped moving.
"Sam, I don't know if I'm ready for that."
I wanted to respect her wishes, but decided to take a risk. I began circling her nipples with my thumbs.
"Oh, Sam, don't..."
Her voice trailed off as she let out a small moan. I could tell that her resistance was crumbling. Deciding to push things further, I grasped the spaghetti straps of her nightie and pulled them down over her shoulders. I could feel her moving her arms to take the straps off, and then the material of the nightie slid down to her hips. This time, I grabbed her naked breasts, hefting them with my hands, getting a feel for their ponderous weight. I began softly squeezing them. She resumed sliding up and down my cock.
Breathing loudly, she said, "Oh, Sam! Oh, god! Suck on my nipples!"
"I will, Helen, but I want one thing," I said.
"What?" she said hesitantly.
"I want to see you while you're fucking me. I want to see your beautiful breasts swinging over me. I want to see your nipples grazing my chest. I want to see my cock stretching your lips every time you pull up... and most of all...I want to see your face when you cum"
The silence was palpable. Finally, one word, "Okay."
I could feel her leaning over toward the nightstand. The light came on and she moved back over me, her breasts resting on my chest. Our faces were so close. I lifted my head up and kissed her. She sat up.
"Raise your arms," I said.
I grabbed the negligee that had pooled around her hips and pulled it up and over her head. I wasfinallyseeing Helen completely naked for the first time and I wasn'tdisappointed. Intense concentration gripped her face as she placed her arms on my chest and started savagely fucking me. Our pelvises slammed together with each downstroke.
The sensation on my cock began to grow more and more intense. I was going to cum soon and I wasn't ready for it to be over. I grabbed her hips and pressed down.
Helen stopped and looked down at me, a questioning look on her face.
"I'm about to cum, and I don't want to yet. Can we change positions?" I asked.
She lifted herself off of my cock and settled down beside me on her back. My cock slapped audibly against my belly when it slipped out of her pussy.
"How do you want me?" she asked.
I thought for a minute. "I want you to lie down on the bed, near the edge, so I can fuck you while I'm standing up." I got up and stood at the end of the bed.
She scooted to the edge of the bed, her legs raised, opening up her pussy to me. I could see how wet she and I could see how puffy her lips were. Her clit was protuding out of its hood. I grabbed her right leg and hung over my left shoulder. I slowly slid my cock up and down her outer lips, bumping her clit with each stroke. Finally, I grabbed my cock and lined it up with her wet hole.
I pushed into her. Watching her outer lips spread apart to accept me was so hot. I pulled back as much as I could without slipping out. I began moving faster with each stroke, watching her breasts quiver each time my thighs made contact with her bodacious ass.
I fucked her as fast and hard as I could. Her chest flushed red. We both began moaning. I could feel the tip of my cock tingling.
"Do you like the way my long, hard cock feels inside your pussy?" I asked, evilly.
"Oh god, yes Sam!" she said loudly
"Do you like the way it feels when the head of my cock stretches your lips?"
"Oh, god, Sam! I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum... Rub my clit, rub my clit!"
I grabbed her hips and fucked her with such force that a slapping sound echoed off the walls of the room each time our bodies collided. Her breath was coming in ragged gasps. I took one hand off of her hip and started rubbing her clit.
She started to moan loudly while seeming oblivious to the fact she had neighbors on the other side of the wall.
."Oh, god, Sam. I'm coming!" she yelled. "Oh fuck, fuck, fuck, FUCK!"
Her pussy contracted rhythmically around my cock.
"Fuck! I cumming, too!" I grunted and moaned as I felt my semen shooting into her.
We slowed to a stop. We stayed that way for a moment—Helen with her legs spread apart and scrunched up on the bed— me standing with my still hard cock in her pussy. We were breathing as if we had just run a race.
Helen finally caught her breath and closed her eyes.
"Oh, god, Sam. Thank yousomuch."
I pulled out of her and watched my cum leak out. We giggled. I went into her bathroom, grabbed a towel, and threw it to her so she could clean up.
She looked at my cock, which had begun to shrink.
"Are youstillhorny?" she asked.
"Actually, no. Believe it or not, I don't think I have the energy to do it again...not until I've had at least eight hours of sleep. I think cumming three times in four hours is about my limit," I said. I was very proud of that.
Looking relaxed and content for the first time tonight, she got up and walked into her bathroom. I stood there with my penis completely flaccid for the first time in hours. I heard water raining on the shower curtain while I contemplated getting dressed.
"Hey! Are you coming in here to take a shower with me or what?" Helen yelled from the bathroom.
I joined her in the shower, and that's all it was, a shower. We washed each other, and while I certainly enjoyed soaping up her chest and all of her curves, I was exhausted. After the shower, Helen and I got back in bed without getting dressed. We spooned, with my hand on her breast, and fell into a deep sleep.
***
We woke up in the morning and had sex one more time, after which I left to go home.
My parents reamed me out for not calling to tell I wouldn't be coming home the previous night.
"You may be twenty, but youstilllive underourroof!" my mom said angrily.
I couldn't get the smile off of my face, which only made her angrier, but I didn't care.
***
Helen finished moving out that same day and drove the U-Haul to her new home. I never saw her again, and that hasn't really bothered me, although I do still think of that night with fondness. Talk about making a memory.
However, I saw Karen almost daily for the next six weeks. We fucked as often as possible, in as many places as possible, and in as many positions as possible. We knew we were only having fun. Neither of us wanted a relationship, especially with the disparity in our ages. We never told anybody that we were seeing each other. In present day I guess we'd be called fuck buddies.
I saw Karen several times my first year of college when I came home for holidays. We continued to fuck as often as we could during those vacations.
The summer after freshman year, Karen told me that she'd started seeing someone. I was disappointed, but also genuinely happy for her. I even went to her wedding.
The very last time we met she gave an envelope and told me not to open it until I was alone. She said she knew I would be discreet. When I later opened it, there was a thank you card in which was inscribed, "I enjoyed all of the 'fun' we had. I will never forget you." Also inside the envelope were several Polaroids of her nude. A sticky note was on one of the pictures. It said, "For your spank bank!"
******
I don't know where Helen is now, and neither does Karen. Karen and I are friends on Facebook, and we send messages to each other every so often. She has a husband and three kids.
Me? Well, I'm still single, but the idea of settling down and starting a family is beginning to appeal to me. After my sexual flirtations with Karen ended, I doubled down my sophomore year of college, in both my studiesandcollege girls, but those are stories for another time.
See ya!