Slowly I started to wake up and, as I did, I noticed a gentle movement. As the fog of sleep cleared a bit, I realized the movement was my wife's bare ass slowly grinding against my morning wood as I spooned her. Sometimes in the mornings she'll feel my hardness twitching against her naked behind and it turns her on, which usually leads to a quickie. Apparently that was the case this morning, much to my delight. I started grinding back to let her know I was at least partially awake and equally interested in some action. I nestled my shaft into the crevice of her behind and ran my hands over her thighs and hips.
Soon I wanted to give her breasts some attention, but her nightshirt was getting in the way so I tugged at it gently to indicate she should take it off. She threw the covers off, sat up, and pulled it over her head. It was comfortably warm so she left the covers off and lay back down. My wife, Jane, let out a soft moan as my hands found her breast, her nipple already hard with desire. I caressed it gently for a bit and then toyed with her nipple, making it stand out even more. Moving my hand slowly down her body, I caressed her thigh a bit before nudging her to spread her legs. She put her upper leg over back over my hips giving me complete access. I lightly ran my fingers over her outer lips for a bit before dipping my middle finger into her wetness and spreading it all around.
Being in that foggy, half-asleep state still, I was content to play like this for a while. But her need was more urgent as evidenced by the grinding of her hips.
"Okay, I'm ready," Jane whispered as she lifted her top leg even wider, removing the rest of the covers.
I moved down a little bit and positioned my cock so it touched her pussy. She reached down and grabbed it, rubbing it between her soft lips. When she held it at her opening, I thrust forward. It was either too quick or unexpected, because she let out a yelp. I paused to make sure she was okay, my cock now completely inside her. I got my answer when she started grinding her hips at me again.
I held her leg up with mine and reached around the rub her clit as I slid slowly in and out. Wanting to get a little more leverage, I leaned up on my elbow and that's when I saw someone standing in our bedroom doorway!
Being half-asleep, there was a moment of confusion until I remembered that my friend from college, Jeff, had come to spend the weekend. And there he was standing in the doorway in his boxers. My mind struggled to process everything. It dawned on me that he was standing there with an unobstructed view of my wife's naked, aroused body, including my cock in her pussy. I had stopped thrusting, but Jane was in need and took over when I stopped.
Jeff and I had been good friends for a long time, so there was something natural about letting him see us like this. He had a smile on his face and that's when I also noticed he also had a buldge in his boxers. Clearly he was enjoying the view! But, I couldn't continue without letting Jane know that he was there.
So I reluctantly whispered, "Dear, we have company," expecting her to panic and cover up.
"Oh, that's right," she casually replied. "I'll try to be quiet."
"That's not what I mean," I explained. "Our company is standing in the doorway watching us right now."
I saw her lift her head a little to look at the doorway. When she saw him, she let out a gasp of surprise. I looked at him too to see his reaction and that's when I saw that he had his cock out. I wasn't sure if she had gasped at his presence or at his cock, because it was a very impressive one! He was slowly stroking it, although it only looked about half hard. That's when I realized that Jane had not made any move to cover up and was still slowly grinding on my cock.
Seizing on what seemed like a moment of decision for her, I said, "It looks like Jeff thinks you're as sexy as I do."
When she didn't say or do anything, I continued, "He has a nice cock, doesn't he?"
"Mmm hmm," she moaned. "Well, we can't stop now, so we might as well put on a show for him."
She laid her head back down and moaned loudly as I took over thrusting into her.
I couldn't believe what she said. We should put on a sow for him? I was dizzy was desire and thinking mostly with the wrong part of my body. I don't know why, but I found the whole situation incredibly arousing. On impulse, I motioned with my head for Jeff to come closer. As Jane watched, he made his way over to beside the bed, still stroking his cock. She seemed mesmerized by it.
"Go ahead and touch it," I encouraged her.
At first she didn't move, other than her hips. But when Jeff took his hand off his cock and moved a little closer, she hesitantly reached out and took ahold of it. Her hand barely fit around it as she stroked it. When a bead of pre-cum appeared on the head, she surprised us both by leaning forward and licking it off. She continued stroking him as she ran her tongue around the head and then took it into her mouth. Soon she was doing her best to suck his cock. But the more she sucked, the bigger and harder it seemed to get.
I was so turned on by what was happening that I couldn't help but thrust myself in and out of her velvety folds. I watched as he reached out and played with her nipple, causing her to groan around his cock. I wanted to last longer, but it was all too much to take, so with one final, deep thrust and a loud grunt I exploded inside of her. It might have been the most intense orgasm I've ever had.
As I began to recover, I was brought back to reality by the sounds of Jane sucking vigorously on Jeff's cock. She looked so sexy trying to get that thing into her mouth, even though she was only managing to get a little more than half of it in.
Pulling it from her mouth, she looked up at Jeff and said, "I'm sorry, but I can't get the whole thing in my mouth." Then she turned to me and asked, "Would you mind if he tried to put some of it in my pussy?"
Her words made it sound like she wanted to do him a favor, but her facial expression and tone made it sound like it was more for her. None of this had been planned or discussed and for a moment I was confused how to answer her. So far it had all been very erotic, but to let my friend try to fit that big cock into my wife's tight pussy was something altogether different! It then dawned on me that she hadn't cum yet and I felt a pang of sympathy as I felt her grinding against my softening member.
But out of nowhere an idea suddenly came to me. "Okay, but only if you let me record it," I finally answered. We had made some home pornos before, so this wasn't a new concept. But it never involved other people before.
With almost no hesitation she replied, "Okay, but hurry up."
She must have been really horny to give in to my request so quickly.
"Okay," I said, "keep sucking him until I get back."
Pulling out of her, I quickly got off the bed and ran down the hall to get the video camera. When I returned she was right where I had left her, sucking away eagerly on his cock. But he had let go of her breast and was playing with her pussy. I got the camera ready and started filming her sucking him. After a few moments she realized I was filming and released his cock. She turned so that her bottom was on the edge of the bed and spread her legs wide. Jeff, the camera, and I had a great view of her swollen, open pussy leaking my cum.
"Are you sure about this?" Jeff asked her with some concern.
"Yes," she moaned. "Just go slowly."
As Jeff moved in between her legs, I zoomed in to be sure I got a close-up of what was about to happen. He rubbed the head up and down between her lips a few times to get it nice and wet before pushing slowly forward.
"Uhhh..." Jane moaned.
It didn't look like much, if any, went in. Jeff paused before pushing again, but didn't get much farther. I think he was worried about hurting her.
"Just do it!" she told him.
"Are you sure?" he asked.
"Yes!" she practically yelled, spreading her legs wider.
With that, he gave a harder push and suddenly the head popped in.
"Ohhh!" she cried out.
"Are you okay?" Jeff asked her.
"Yes! Please, keep going. Give me more," she almost begged.
I watched through the camera as he worked his big cock into her tight little pussy, inch by inch. I could see her lips being stretched and it looked so incredibly sexy. It took awhile, but eventually she took his entire length. He paused with his shaft buried inside her until she started moving her hips, letting him know she wanted more. But this wasn't his first time at the rodeo.
"What do you want?" he teased her.
"You know," she said shyly.
"Tell me or you won't get it," he commanded her.
"I want your cock," she replied meekly.
"What? I didn't hear you?" he taunted.
"I want your cock!" she said much louder.
Finally he pulled back until it was almost out and then slowly pushed it back in. He repeated this slow, in and out movement several times, teasing her mercilessly. Each time he withdrew I could see his shaft was coated with a mix of her cum and mine. Finally, she couldn't take the teasing any longer.
"Please fuck me!" she cried out.
Putting her ankles on his shoulders, he grabbed her by the hips and started thrusting hard and fast into her. He moans filled the room as her tits bounced back and forth. The sticky sounds coming from her pussy only made it more erotic. I did my best to capture it all on video.
Realizing my cock was starting to come back to life, I moved near her head hoping she would give me some attention too. I was not disappointed as she took my cum covered shaft into her mouth and sucked me as well as she ever had. I reached down and pinched and pulled her nipple to add even more intensity to the situation.
Suddenly she pulled my cock from her mouth and, stroking it rapidly, moaned, "Ah, ah, yes! Please don't stop! I'm going to cum. Ohhh, I'm cumming! Ahh!"
Her whole body shook as she came hard. But Jeff didn't slow down at all and her orgasm kept going. When she finally came down a bit, she pulled my cock back into her mouth and sucked me with the same rhythm that Jeff was fucking her with as she used her hand to caress my balls. I tried hard to get it all with the camera, but with the bed shaking and her going to town on me, the video was probably a bit blurry!
Like I said, Jane's pussy is nice and tight. Apparently it was too much for Jeff to handle because soon he was grunting and we could both tell he was going to cum soon.
"Oh yeah, cum for me!" Jane encouraged him.
"Uhh. Where do you want it?" Jeff managed to groan.
"Shoot it all over me! Cover me with your cum!"
She slid her hand up and down my cock as we both watched in anticipation. A few more hard thrusts and suddenly he pulled his cock out and stroked the slick shaft quickly.
"Here it comes! Ahhhh!" Jeff cried out as streams of hot jism shot from his cock and covered her tits, stomach, and eventually her pussy too.
As the last few drops came out he used his cock to rub it all over her pussy, causing her to have little spasms each time he rubbed over her clit. With her free hand, Jane rubbed his cum all over her tits and stomach, writhing erotically as she did so. It was so hot to watch I felt my own cum well up in my balls.
"I'm cumming! Uh! Uh! Ahhhh!" I shouted, splattering the side of her face with the first shot.
She quickly turned her head toward me and opened her mouth wide, catching the next couple of spurts in her mouth. She then aimed my cock at her tits and a few streams landed on her already glazed tits where she rubbed it in along with Jeff's cum. I looked back at her face just in time to see her swallowing what she caught in her mouth and trying to lick up what was on her cheek. She had never looked so sexy in her life!
Just then she looked right at the camera and smiled. "What a great way to wake up!" Jeff and I both laughed and agreed with her.
I finally stopped the camera as Jeff excused himself to go to the bathroom.
Instead of covering up or rushing to the bathroom herself, Jane just lay there lazily rubbing cum over herself.
Suddenly turning serious she looked at me and asked, "Are you okay? You know, with what just happened."
I thought only briefly before responding, "I don't think I've ever seen anything so erotic in my life. I'm so glad we could share that together. I love you. What about you?"
"I haven't had time to think about it much," she replied. "But it was fantastic and right now I feel like I'd like to do it again after we've all had time to recover, if you're okay with that?"
I laughed before telling her it was fine with me and that I was pretty confident Jeff wouldn't mind either. Needless to say, we spent the rest of Jeff's visit having as much sex as three people could reasonably have. She said she was pretty sore by the time he left, but that it was a good kind of sore.