Part 1 - the fantasy
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I've been sat in the passenger seat of Will's car for what must be about 45 minutes now. I can't see anything, I just hear the rumble of the car engine and the music from the stereo. Occasionally Will's voice diffuses the apprehension in my mind as he teases me about what is ahead. He reminds me that it is going to be just like the fantasy that we would talk about when we were fucking, except much more fun, because now it is happening for real - I know just what he is talking about.
We'd be in bed, late at night, or middle of the day with sunlight spilling in. Will on top of me, his ropey muscular form surrounding me, long brown hair dangling down over my face, his hips thrusting into me. As I got more and more worked up Will would begin to talk to me. Me, already moaning with each thrust, and him telling me firmly that he would like me to be a slut for him from now on, to be his own private whore, for him to own my body. Then he would ask me if I'd like that. It was a struggle to formulate words in that state, panting and moaning - but with some effort they would spill out from my lips, slurred and mixed in with my involuntary sex noises. I would love to be a little slut for him. And then he would have me repeat what I had said, and he would slap me and tell me that I needed to explain how sincerely I wanted it.
"I want to be a slut for you, around the clock, ready to serve you sexually 24/7."
"I need to be a slut for you, Sir. It's all that I want, in my pussy and in my heart."
"I'll do whatever you want, to whoever you want, whenever you want, Sir."
Will would tell me that I am going to undergo a transformation, and by the end of it my body will belong to him, and by extension to the other men whom he would be sharing me with. I would be so well trained that if he or one of his friends would simply click their fingers then I'd get down on my knees.
"Oh god, fuck me harder", I would wail, practically crying.
Which brings us to the beach fantasy. Will would talk about blindfolding me and taking me to the beach. I wouldn't be able to see anything so I'd be entirely reliant on him to lead me there, my body quite literally dependent on him. On the beach there would be a small party, there would be music and beers and refreshments. But... I would be the main entertainment. Cumslut, to be used sexually by anyone and everyone, but never to know whom. Perhaps it would be Will's friends, or perhaps strangers... I would never find out. It shouldn't matter to me, Will would say. A slut to be used by anyone, no right to concern myself with whom.
"Fuck me harder, a cumslut like me needs to be used properly."
"Keep fucking me, fill me with your cum, Sir, I beg of you."
"I'm cumming on your dick Sir Will, fucking use me like a slut and share me."
After doing this again and again every week, and repeating the words that Will wanted to hear, I began to love speaking them, and began to feel a desire to truly be a slut. One time after sex, my head resting on Will's shoulder, I leaned in and whispered, "You can do all of this to me, any time baby, surprise me."
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Part 2 - the car journey
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A month or so passed and I was indeed taken off guard, when, early this morning I was getting ready for work, and Will took me aside and sat me down. He placed the blindfold goggles on the table in front of me. He explained that today was the day that he would take me to the beach, and that if I put the goggles on, then I was consenting to go to the beach and live out our fantasy. "You buy the ticket, you take the ride" is how he explained it. But also that if at any point I really wanted to stop I could take the goggles off, or ask anybody else to remove them, and the scene would be over, hopefully that wouldn't happen though. After I put them on, he said, he would call my work and put the phone on speaker so I could tell them that I am sick.
In that moment a plethora of fears and reservations ran through my head. Did I really want to enact this fantasy? What if it felt like too much in the moment? Would there be other men at the beach like in the fantasy and who would they be? I felt sure that I could trust Will fully, however. I knew that he would want me to have a wonderful time, and reminded myself that he knows well what turns me on and what my limits are. I decided to go with it, and with a wave of excitement and anticipation I put the goggles on. Then, after I had finished speaking on the phone, and Will had hung up for me, he held my chin and turned my face firmly towards him. He told me to open my mouth, and I did as he said. "You didn't lie, you *are* sick Guinevere. You are a sick perverted slut." Will then spat in my mouth and told me to swallow like a good girl, to which, drifting into sub space, I reflexively replied "Yes Sir" and did as he ordered.
Will then took my hand firmly and lead me upstairs to the bedroom, directing me. He began to remove my blouse and slacks that I had put on ready for work, and my bra and panties too. There I was, standing completely naked with my hands by my sides. Will slapped my ass and told me to wait while he went to get something - the anticipation building as I was left naked and exposed, not knowing what would happen next. When he returned he told me that he was going to dress me more appropriately. Will then pushed a folded fabric parcel against my chest and told me it was a sarong and that I was to put it on.
I fumbled around with it in my hands a little before figuring out how to do the dance of unfolding it and getting it around my waist in the darkness. When I was done, Will adjusted it slightly. He then pulled something over my breasts and clipped it in at the back. I brought my hands up to feel it - a bandeau style bra. Will then passed me one last thing - a pair of sandals, which felt like they had leathery straps. One last thing, so no panties. As I put the shoes on, Will reminded me that wearing the sarong it would be hard to cover myself completely, so I better be ready to be judged as a slut by anyone who passes us. Anyone in our neighbourhood just might see my pussy if I am not careful, but I wouldn't know who.
So here I am now in the car, scantilly clad on the way to the beach in this skimpy revealing outfit, which Will repeatedly assures me looks incredibly sexy on me; he is even more turned on to see me wearing it than he had imagined. I reach over and feel the bulge in his beach shorts - he isn't lying. Of course I have not seen the outfit - Will tells me that the sarong is sheer black fabric, how sheer it is will be left to my imagination. The sandals and bra are all black too and he tells me that it all contrasts in a beautiful way with my pale skin tone.
As I rub his hard dick through the fabric of his shorts, Will tells me that I should make myself even more useful. A woman like me should always have her lips wrapped around something. And besides, we are on the highway and it isn't busy, so no-one will notice, probably.
I unzip Will's shorts and his hard dick springs out. Holding his shaft in one hand, I begin licking gently around the tip, circling steadily with my tongue, teasing him. I feel Will tense his buttocks in light spasms of pleasure from time to time. I am getting wet from pleasuring him in this way and I feel the urge for his dick to be inside of my body. I take his whole 7 inch cock down my throat and hold it there for a few seconds, my deep red lips suckered around the base. I stick my tongue out above my lower lip and use it to tease the upper part of Will's delicious ballsack just briefly. I then begin moving my head up and down, sliding his hard cock in and out of my mouth.
We begin slowing down and my mind fills with the anticipation, perhaps we are almost there! But instead, Will tells me that we are stopping at traffic lights, and there is a cop car in the next lane. He tells me that I need to keep my head low or we will be caught, and pushes my head down again so his dick is jammed entirely in my throat once more. He pulls a large towel or blanket over me and I am somewhat concealed.
I hear the window wind down and the cop begin to speak. "Good morning Sir, are you aware that one of your brake lights is out?" As Will is explaining that he didn't know this and that he will get it fixed, I begin to feel panic as I am barely able to breathe and am literally choking on his dick. I adjust my position just slightly so that I can breathe more easily, and then allow my body to relax and my mind to stop panicking. A dirty thought enters my head that I really want Will to cum right now. I want to make him squirm - see if he can hold it together while he is simultaneously have an orgasm in my mouth and talking to this cop. I start working the base of his dick with my tongue, the rest of it being too far down my throat for my tongue to stimulate.
The cop is talking for what feels like forever. You could be fined up to 3000 dollars,  blah blah blah... Yes officer, I understand the seriousness of the situation...  Everything that isn't part of mine and Will's lurid sex game is no longer important. Will is breathing more heavily but is doing a good job of keeping himself composed. I can't help but circle and bob my head just slightly, and I feel Will's abs and buttocks tense involuntarily - he is close. Soon I feel his dick begin to pulsate in my throat as he thrusts his hips into me almost imperceptibly. He is cumming down my throat, and it is a long and intense orgasm. Will shifts about just a bit too much.
"There's something funny about you". The cop's tone has changed and he is annoyed now, and getting accusatory. "What have you got under the blanket?"
Will begins explaining that it is his dog, a huge Irish wolfhound, needs to stay close to him and the blanket makes the dog feel safe and so on. Thankfully the lights change and the cop hurriedly and semi-reluctantly says good day and we are on our way.
My head springs up from Will's dick and I gulp in air desperately, light headed. I feel as if I have just resurfaced from swimming underwater through a sea cave. There are so many things that each of us could say but with we both just giggle as we continue down the highway. It is not long until we are pulling into a car park and Will announces that we are here. Well... here at the car park - we still have the short hike to the beach.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Part 3 - the beach
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Will and I both get out of the car. I can still taste his cum in my mouth, and in the hot midday sun Will rubs sun cream onto my body. He starts with my face and works downwards. Neck, back, chest... his hands massaging firmly and methodically, taking their time. As he begins to massage the sunscreen into my ass cheeks, Will tells me that I am going to need sunscreen everywhere because I won't be wearing my clothes for long. His hands move to my thighs, and as they get close to my pussy my knees begin to weaken. He pushes two fingers just slightly inside of me, just briefly, teasingly; causing, for just one moment, my mind to explode with passion. He then moves on and massages the suncream into my thighs, calves and feet. Once he is finished he pushes me up against the car and kisses me passionately, and I suck on his tongue a little as he pushes it into my eager mouth. Will then takes my hand, and says to me half jokingly that he should have brought a collar and leash for me to wear on the walk.
As Will leads the way along the footpath, I wonder, with a mixture of worry and exhibitionistic excitement, how many people are nearby. I can't hear any voices so I assume that it is an off the beaten tracks sort of area. We go slowly, so I can navigate the eratic topography and the shifting sandy surface of the dunes, Will holding my hand and warning me of upcoming steep sections and obstacles. There is an occasional breeze, which is determined to blow my sarong aside and expose me. Will tells me that it is mother nature confirming to me that my calling is to be a slut. As a couple pass us and say hello, I feel self conscious and hold my skirt in place. Despite not knowing what they look, I imagine myself standing naked before them, blindfolded, as they sit in beach chairs and stare at my naked body. I blush as I imagine them touching themselves.
After 30 minutes of gradual blindfolded progress, Will says that it is time for a break and offers me some water, some coffee, and a snack. I'm going to need all the energy that I can get for sexually pleasing men, Will tells me. When I am finished eating, he explains that we are nearly there and that everyone will be waiting for me.
After a few more minutes of walking, I can hear the sound of the ocean, and then some excited voices, and music playing. We soon arrive and Will greets everybody. I don't recognise the voices, but from what I can tell it is two men and one woman. Nobody speaks to me, only about me.
"That's a fine piece of ass that you've brought along to the party Will, a premium grade fuck toy if ever I saw one."
"Just looking at her I'm certain she knows how to use her tongue on a dick, or a pussy for that matter."
"How about you give us a demo of how to use her, and we just sit here and watch the show?"
The mood changes as Will firmly takes hold of the scruff of my neck and growls in my ear to get down on my knees and serve him. I drop to my knees, meeting the warm sand and sliding off my sandals. I feel Will's hard dick through his beach shorts. I wrap my mouth around the shaft through the shorts, reach up inside one leg and cup his balls. As I pull down the shorts, Will immediately takes his hard dick and shoves it into my mouth. He holds the back of my head as he roughly fucks my face. I can tell how worked up Will is getting and that if he keeps going he will cum in my mouth.
Right on cue Will pauses. "This cock addict came here to take it from more than just me today. Steve, you can use her next."
In less than a second, Steve is slapping his weighty dick across my face. As I begin to suck him I find that it is uncomfortably large, and as I take it down my throat my eyes are watering and I am salivating wildly. I am filled to capacity. I can feel something primal unleashed, a bitch in heat, insatiable, on my knees swallowing a big dick with everyone gathered around me, fuelled by their goading me on.
Next, Will tells me that I need to suck Brandon's dick. Brandon's dick is huge and unusually thick, and it becomes clear from how he directs me that he likes it when I lick and suck his balls too. He keeps on telling me that I'm a cock needy whore as I service him. He holds the back of my head, a fistful of my hair in one of his hands, and the other hand behind it. He controls the movement of my head to a rhythm of his liking. I'm no longer an autonomous human being. I don't even know Brandon, but in this moment, I feel my attachment to my everyday life, my responsibilities, my identity, all evaporates. My mouth, my body, my whole being, are all for his sexual pleasure.
Anja at some point interrupts and insists that it is her turn now. No sooner has Brandon let go of my hair and released me, Anja takes the same fistful of hair somewhat more forcefully. She positions herself - presumably squatting down - in front of me, and I can feel her hot breath on my face. It smells of cigarettes and cherry lip gloss. 'Your gonna eat it slut. And you're going to enjoy it.' Anja spits in my face, and slaps me once. Then again, harder, and she spits in my face again. She stands, then turns around and backs her ass down on my face as I kneel beneath her, so that my tongue is in her pussy and my face is pushed between her voluptuous ass cheeks. She has clearly been getting worked up watching me with the men and slapping me about, and she is juicy and dripping already.
Under her I can barely breathe, and she tells me that she isn't moving until I make her cum. Anja grinds her pussy and ass back and forth as I lick, humping my face quite aggressively. Then she stops grinding, and tells me to focus on her clit. It feels different being dominated and used by another woman, I feel the vulnerability of her being able to see inside of my mind in a way that a man cannot.
I lick Anja for several minutes until I hear the sounds of her starting to make out with and play with someone. As she gets close to orgasm she becomes a lot more vocal with both of us.
"Ahh yeah squeeze my nipples. Now bite my neck too."
"Keep licking me slut, I'm getting close."
"Oh yeah squeeze my nipples hard, I'm going to cum."
Anja moans as she thrusts her hips backwards, grinding against my face hard, and I feel her shaking as she cums. Anja laughs, and then reaches behind and grabs a fistful of my hair once again, pulling my face in between her ass cheeks so I cannot breathe, and gyrating her hips in almost imperceptibly small circles. She then turns around and squats down to my level once again, still holding the back of my head but not so aggressively. "Good. Little. Slut." she encourages, giggling. She licks my face playfully several times, and begins to softly stroke from my cheek down the side of my neck, stopping at my collar bone.
Anja unhooks my bra, and then tears off my sarong so that I am entirely naked. "Are you ready to swallow some cum?" Anja asks tenderly. I nod my head.
"Say it out loud." Anja insists. I comply, and say out loud that I'm ready and eager to swallow cum.
I feel someone grab the back of my head, possibly Brandon. It is certainly one of the men, and he is jerking his dick over my face at a rapid and consistent pace. I can hear the sound, in fact, of all 3 of the men gathered around me wanking themselves off. "Oh fuck, I'm going to cum" Brandon declares as he shoves his dick into my mouth. I feel him orgasm, his dick pulsating over and over again, at least 7 spurts of cum into the back of my throat. Without pause he removes his dick from my mouth and another of the men, who must be Steve, replaces him. I feel him start to cum in my mouth immediately, as he tells my that I'm a cock craving cumslut. I think to myself how well I am playing the cock craving cumslut role, having not even had time to fully swallow all of the last load as my mouth gets filled once again.
I then hear Will's voice. He tells me that I'm being a very good slut-girl, that I'm the world's most efficient cum disposal unit, and that he needs me to open my mouth so he can cum in it next, and get it all over my lips, too. I do as he asks and I stick my tongue out. Shortly, I hear his groans of satisfaction as he paints lines of sweet white nectar across my lips, teeth and tongue.
Will orders me to keep my mouth open and hold it there - to count to 20 and then I can swallow. "And don't you dare forget to lick your lips." He adds as he walks away.
I count in my head, fighting the reflex to lick the cum of off my lips as it begins to run off towards my chin. I think about what a cumslut I must look like to everybody right now.
Will returns and tells me to sit down on the sand and take a break, I've been a good girl making everyone cum and I have earned myself a beer. Will hands me the beer and sits down behind me, and begins softly stroking my hair as I drink. "I love you, Guinevere", he tells me. I tell Will that I love him too. I'm truly enjoying the rollercoaster that I am riding on. The contrast between the roughhousing and being treated disrespectfully one moment, and being touched so gently and lovingly the next. Will starts massaging my neck, which feels glorious - it has become somewhat stiff from my mouth being used so enthusiastically. Will asks me if I'm happy and enjoying myself and I reply "Yes Sir". He asks me if I am turned on and I answer yes to that too. Maybe it will be my turn to cum soon, he suggests.
Will is rubbing my shoulders and leaning in from behind, kissing my neck. It feels so relaxing, and is what I need after an intense first half of my slutty day at the beach. I know that I can trust Will to create a space where we can explore my wildest sexual desires, but also trust him to keep me safe, know what I am comfortable with, and make sure that I come to no emotional or physical harm.
After 15 minutes of resting with Will, Anja interrupts. I have something for you, cumslut, so stand up. I stand before Anja - she slaps my face and I feel a light sting from it. She takes a fistful of my hair and holds my head in place as she slaps me, again, and again, and again. She switches hands to slap me from the other side. She doesn't slap very hard, but enough that each one stings, and over time it stings more and more as she slaps each each in the same spot and the skin becomes red and sensitive. "Take it, slut" Anja orders, and she spits on each cheek and continues with the barrage of slaps. As my skin becomes more and more sore, I start to let out small squeals of pain with each slap. I try to move my head away from her but in response Anja takes a tighter grip.
Soon, one of the men who I quickly realise from the size of his dick is Brandon, takes hold of my hips from behind and starts fucking me. The mixture of pleasure and pain that I feel from the fucking and the slapping is completely overwhelming. Whoever is fucking me wraps his hand around my neck and holds me tightly in place. I'm being fucked harder and harder, and slapped harder and harder. I start moaning involuntarily, repeating the same "Oh fuck me, fuck me hard, fuck me hard" again and again. Anja pushes her fingers into my mouth and I suck on them. I can't help myself from cumming, and as I do, my tight pussy contracts around the dick inside of me, and the man who is fucking me cums too, tightening his grip around my neck as we cum together. It is an intense orgasm for both of us.
Next, Will is there and he whispers in my ear to get on all fours. He begins fucking me from behind and rubbing my clit. I'm so worked up, thinking about how I'm being fucked while already full of cum, and I continuously moan as he fucks me. I cum again and again and I feel like I'm losing my sense of time. My hands and knees are slowly pushed down into the sand as Will fucks me, the cold damp of the sand below the surface providing a sweetly contrasting sensation to the hot sun beating down from above. Will claws his nails down my back as he gets more and more worked up fucking me, and the firey sensation of the scratching only makes me moan loader. I'm gonna cum inside of you baby, Will announces, sticking his fingers into my mouth so I can suck on them as he shoots his cum deep into my womb.
I barely get a break before another one of the men takes me by the hair and tells me to crawl, I think that it is Steve based on the way he tugs on my long brown hair - he takes all of it in one fist and leads me down the beach by it like I'm his pet. We reach the ocean and we keep on going until the water is almost up to my elbows. It is late summer but the water still feels a little cold - perhaps just in comparison to sweaty heat of the afternoon. Steve gets on his knees and begins to fuck me from behind, my pussy still outside of the salty water. He tells me to hold my breath. I squeal girlishly and tell him no - I don't want my head under the water. Steve asks me if I want to please him, if I'll do anything to please him. I pause, I'm somewhat scared of letting this stranger waterboard-fuck me, but I feel something deep inside of me tugging at me to please, I want to please Will and by extension anyone who he would allow to fuck me. I know that Will is watching and will enjoy seeing me do this, and also that he will keep me safe. I tell Steve that I want to please him and that my body is his to do with as he wants.
Steve tells me to take a breath, and after I do so, he immediately pushes my head under the water. Not being able to see or breathe, combined with the muffled underwater sounds makes me feel as if my mind is in a vacuum. The only link back to my every day world is through the dick which is filling me up and overwhelming my brain with pleasure. It is an unusual but effective release. It takes me by surprise when Steve pulls me head back out of the water so soon, and I take a deep breath.
"Ready to go again?" Steve asks after not more than 30 seconds. I take another deep breath and Steve pushes me under the water again. This time he holds me under for longer and I start to feel myself running out of breath. I panic a little and start to tense and wriggle. Steve pulls my head out of the water, "Starting to panic?" Steve teases. He continues to fuck me for quite some time, and simultaneously rubs my clit; I get more and more worked up until I am close to cumming. When I tell Steve I'm about to cum, he tells me to hold my breath again. I inhale another deep breath and Steve pushes my head back under. I feel so overwhelmed and can only give myself over to the forces of nature as the ocean surrounds me and my orgasm envelops me. I tense and jerk about so violently when I orgasm that I feel Steve cum inside of me too. My head is spinning as Steve pulls my head up after what must have been the longest dunk yet. I begin to feel a sense of being tired and fully used up, and as if sensing this, Steve picks me up in his strong arms and carries me back up the beach where I rest for a while on the sand warm sand, the sun now less intense with the evening drawing in.
On the walk back to the car with Will, I am silent. I am too exhausted to speak, but I also couldn't speak if I wanted to, because Will has stuffed Anja's panties into my mouth and told me to keep them there until he says so. Will keeps on telling me what a good girl I've been and that I've made him very happy with my slutty behaviour. Will also tells me that Steve really liked how compliant and masochistic I am, and that he offered us $10,000 for me to spend a weekend with him as his slave, which he told Steve that we would consider.
As we arrive back at the car park, Will stands in front of me, placing his hands on my shoulders. He tells me to remove the panties from my mouth - I do so and hand him the panties. He then removes the blindfold goggles from my face. Initially I squint as everything is so unbelievable bright. Then, looking into my eyes, Will asks me if the day was as good as I had fantasized that it would be. I tell him that it was in some ways different from the fantasy, but that I had had an amazing time and had enjoyed getting so much attention. Will gives me a warm and loving hug and I hug him back. I love you Guinevere, he tells me. I tell Will that I love him too. We hold each other for a few minutes in the setting sun, and then drive home.