They woke up the next day and got on the trail late as they fucked like rabbits until almost noon. Angela's pussy was sore, but in a good way she thought.
It had been a long time since she had that much sex and Jack's thick, orgasm producing, dick had stretched her far more than any other partner in her memory.
They spent the next week following the trail, taking side routes to spectacular sites and fucking on ridge tops, the side of Jack's 4Runner or anywhere convenient.
Angela became more and more enamored with Jack. His character, charm and warmth combined with his sexual dominance put a spell on her. As the week progressed, she started to feel worried though.
She knew she had to fill Jack in on her checkered past. She felt guilty about not saying anything sooner, but she was having the best time with him. She was afraid of ruining it.
Jack noticed the change in her, but it was not enough for him to ask about it yet.
Finally, she decided to let him know the next day.
They found a great location not far from the rest of the group. They had to be quiet so the whole camp would not know about their continued sex marathon.
Angela fucked the shit out of him that night with a ferocity that surprised Jack.
She wanted the night to be memorable as it might be her last night with Jack after she came clean with him about her past the next morning.
Jack felt her warm body against him as he slowly opened his eyes sensing the feeling of soft lips around his rock-hard cock. He woke up with a start, feeling his cock, but he was alone in the bed.
"Wow what a dream!" Jack said as he looked out the tent flaps to the pristine lake, thinking back to the last week with her. It was the most amazing sex he had ever had. Not only did he cum harder and longer than ever, but he had never given such pleasure to a woman before. Thinking back to her multiple orgasms, he wondered how the fuck he was so lucky. He smiled to himself, stretched, and got up.
He walked out to the lake and took in the cool morning air. The lake was calm, like a mirror, reflecting the orange sunrise.
"Can't get any better than this!" He thought.
He turned around when he heard footsteps and saw Angela coming up to him with a steaming cup of coffee. She was wearing a collared loose-fitting shirt and cargo shorts and still looked good to Jack, but tired, which was curious to him. He only smiled and said, "thank you and good morning. How are you doing?"
"I am fine, but a little tired. I have been up most of the night," she said handing him the coffee and taking a seat in one of the two camping chairs.
Now Jack knew something was wrong. He got up feeling like the top of the world, but now his face was full of concern, and it showed.
Noticing Jack's look of concern, she tapped the other chair signaling Jack to sit down and said, "I'm sorry Jack. Last night was wonderful, so wonderful that I could not sleep long, even after the workout you gave me!" She said in a teasing voice.
"I hope you are ok Angela. I can't remember a better evening with anyone," Jack said.
"That is so sweet Jack! Thank you. The past week has been a real eye-opener for me in so many ways. I was up all night considering how I feel and what you mean to me. I was going to drop it and not overthink it too much. I finally decided to lay it all out for you and not be afraid anymore. No more running away for me Jack," she said with a small tear running down her cheek.
"I don't understand Angela, I care for you. It's scary how much in such a short amount of time..." Jack tried to continue but she cut him off.
"Shh baby, please let me explain. I need to come clean about myself. Completely clean. I have never told anyone what I am about to tell you, not my family or my many therapists over the years. When I am done, and you still want to continue with whatever this is or could be then it will be a blessing. If not then I wouldn't blame you at all," she said looking up into his eyes with a mix of fear and guilt.
"Well, if you feel you must then I will listen of course. I am glad you trust me," Jack said, now a little uncertain about the confession he was about to hear.
"I completely understand Jack. We just met and if I were you, I would be hesitant," she said taking a couple sips of coffee before continuing.
"My story is largely sad Jack. I grew up in a dysfunctional family. My dad left when I was 10 years old. I was left with my crazy mom who abused me both emotionally and physically. I finally took off when I was 16. I ran away to the big city and got caught up in drugs to escape reality. My mom tried to help me, but I knew better than to let her back into my life.
I accepted the small amount of money she would mail to me, but that support soon vanished. After a few years on my own, doing drugs and paying for it with my body, I was very close to suicide Jack.
Then, a man came into my life. He was much older than me, but he cared for me and never asked for anything in return. He got me off drugs, and back into school. He remained a calming, loving influence over many years. He knew I needed a strong hand. He loved me but also knew when to lay into me.
He controlled me until I could control myself. I won't lie, Jack, he bent me over his knee more than a few times. It hurt but also centered me because I knew his punishments came from a place of love, not hate. In some ways I still miss it. Anyways..." She said hesitating with an embarrassed look before continuing.
Jack's cock stirred at the confession. He hoped his growing bulge would not be noticed.
"I graduated college with honors and to this day have a well-paying job all thanks to him. I owe him my life, Jack. We became lovers. I still remember the night when I gave myself to him.
He was hesitant for obvious reasons. I took his hand, press them into my breasts, and said, 'Put your hands on me. I want to give myself to you completely," she said.
Looking at Jack's stunned expression, she continued, "yes Jack, sound familiar? I said the exact same thing to you our first night together. It felt so right in the moment."
"I don't know what to say Angela, but I am so happy you did. Please continue," Jack said trying to wrap his brain around all the implications.
She smiled brightly and continued.
"I would have stayed with him forever, but he wanted me to have a normal life with a husband my age. Kids and all, Jack. I resisted until I found out why. He was diagnosed with a terminal illness.
"I am so sorry baby," Jack soothed.
"On his death bed, he made me promise to find a nice young man and be loved for who and what I am.
I promised him I would. Since then, Jack, I have been on a roller coaster of bad relationships. I blamed myself, and I never knew what the hell was wrong with me. I know now Jack. I had an epiphany last night as I lay awake looking at the fabulous man next to me.
I spent years trying to live up to his final wishes, but I now realize that I don't need what he wanted for me. I need a strong real man, Jack. All those self-absorbed, young guys I dated only drove me to be a real bitch. It's not all their fault Jack. I now realize that. Yes, Dave was a jerk, but I drove him to it. I was not nice to him because there was no way he could ever live up to what I had with my lover and savior.
I look at you and know that if you give me a chance, I can be loyal and loving. Without knowing it, you already handle me better than all the rest in only a week since we met," she said pausing to sip her coffee and looking up at Jack to gauge his reaction so far.
"I don't know why you are so hesitant to reveal this to me. It seems like a great guy took you in and saw how great you could be. He helped you and only wished you well," Jack said.
"I thought so also Jack, but I have not finished yet. The man who saved me, Jack, and was my loving partner, was my dad," she paused to look up at Jack.
Jack looked very surprised but said nothing as he tried to maintain an even expression.
"You are the only person who knows my secret. If you want me to go I will. I am so sorry, but I had to tell you. I care for you more than anyone since by dad died," she said as she started to weep.
"Hey...hey now... shh... it's ok I am not upset. You had a fucked-up life. It seems to me that he came back to save his little girl. Yes, it's not a normal relationship but you can't deny that without him you would not be with me now," Jack said as he came over, bent down and hugged her.
"But...but I fucked my dad, Jack. I loved him though. I just want to feel free and loved but the guilt is killing me, and I take it out on the world. That is until I realized that I was looking in the wrong place, Jack. Did you realize this last week was the first time I had an orgasm from intercourse since I was with him!" She sobbed into his shoulder.
Jack could not believe it. All the pain she has had in her life plus all the guilt, but she managed to get off drugs and hold a steady job only to have her personal life in shambles after he died.
"I am so sorry but listen to me Angela," he said as he tilted her head up so she was looking him in the eyes, "I don't give a shit that he was your dad. I am grateful that he came back and saved you. I can't predict the future, but I can say this. You are an amazing woman who has been through the crapper and came out ok. If I can be as good of a man as your dad, then I accept the challenge," Jack said.
"So...so you don't think I am gross or evil for my incest?" She cried.
"Do you think I would still be holding you if I thought that? Now I want you to buck up, stop crying and kiss me god damn it!" Jack said as he bent down and laid a wet soft kiss on her trembling lips.
Angela kissed Jack with more passion than she had ever kissed anyone. She swooned as he held her cradled in his big strong arms, holding her tight. She loved the feeling of his massive body encompassing her petite frame. She felt protected and safe.
She pulled back after a long, luscious kiss.
"Yes sir!" She said smiling, wiping tears from her cheek.
"That is my good girl. Any more trouble and you will get it from me for sure," Jack said taking on a parental tone. He thought that this is what she needed right now.
"You sound like my dad!" She teased smiling up at him.
"I'm glad to see you smiling," Jack said.
"I'm happy Jack. Happier than I have been in a long while and not just because you rearranged my guts with your huge cock last night," she teased.
Jack was relieved that she was ok and that she believed him. He was sincere but still had lingering doubts about her mental state. Whatever the future may hold he was going to enjoy the time with her for as long as he could.
"That is your fault missy. You are an amazing lover with a golden pussy!" Jack teased back.
"Only for you Jack. Only for you!" She said as she got up from her chair and moved it closer to the lake, facing the incredible view.
"Jack, please have a seat over here and wait for me. I will be back in a bit. I won't be long," she said with a bright smile.
Jack, still reeling from her confession, got up and moved to the chair facing the clear blue water. He sat down taking a few sips of coffee. His cock was still semi-hard thinking about what she said. He felt guilty for being turned on, but he could not help the images forming in his mind.
She finally came back with a towel in one hand. Jack noticed that she had put her hair up in a ponytail. She looked cute as ever to Jack. She put her fingers to her lips signaling to Jack to let her speak when she saw the questioning look in his eyes. She stood facing him. She spread the towel on the sand at the foot of his chair and then looked up at him.
"Sorry about the delay. I had to make sure no one was close by, so I checked all around the camp area," she said as she stood up, then continued, "you will find out why soon enough Jack."
She slowly started to remove her collar shirt while she explained.
"I want to give you two things this morning. One I know you will like and the other, based on what I know about you so far, you will like also," she said as she stripped off the rest of her clothes, standing there naked looking down at him.
Jack looked up at Angela. Her large, erect nipple-topped breasts were silhouetted against the sun at her back. Her golden-haired pussy, eye level with Jack, showed the first signs of excitement and looked spectacular. Jack sat back speechless not knowing where this was going. His cock was now straining against his shorts, and it showed.
She smiled and moved to the side of Jack. Then, with cat-like reflexes, she bent over and laid herself face down over his lap and scooted up, so her hands touched the ground on the other side and her ass was centered on Jack's lap.
"Please spank me, Jack. I have wanted this ever since our first night together," she said as she moved her arms behind her back with her wrists together. She opened her hand revealing a small Velcro strap.
Jack, looking down at her perfect ass sticking up, felt his cock harden fully. He placed his hand on her smooth thighs and the other on the small of her back rubbing her silky-smooth skin.
"Are you sure? I can't say I am not excited, but you really want this?" Jack said looking down at her breasts hanging just past his thighs.
"Yes, Jack! You don't know how much I need you to do this, now please, tie my wrists first," she said as she offered up the Velcro tie held in her hand.
He took the strap and wrapped it around her wrists and secured the Velcro.
"Tighter Jack...much tighter," she asked moving her wrist around showing that she could easily get out of the restraint.
"Ok, but tell me if it's too much," he said as he held her wrists closed with one hand and tightly secured the strap. It bit into her wrists. He was about to loosen it when he saw the effect, but she stopped him.
"That's perfect Jack! I need this. Now teach your little girl a lesson!" She said, wiggling her ass.
"Ok, but only because you are asking. Tell me if it's too much," Jack said. He reached down to adjust his cock, then pulled her closer to his body. He pushed his left hand down on her back to hold her steady and began to spank her. His open hand connected with her perfect ass, hitting one cheek and then the other in quick succession. He did not spank her hard but gave her many light swats, reddening her ass quite nicely.
Smack!
Smack!
Smack!
She bucked her hips and cried lightly as the pain mounted. Jack held her in place as he spanked her ass and thighs, reddening the whole area.
"I am sorry for causing you any trouble Jack!" she moaned.
Hearing this, Jack stopped spanking her.
"Hold on there, missy. Why are you apologizing? I thought you just enjoyed this," Jack said as he rubbed her ass feeling the heat from the spanking.
"It's hard to explain, but please continue and make me pay for my bad behavior. The beer I drank, exposing myself and running the 4runner into those rocks. Just do it, Jack, please!" She begged.
"Ok but you must fill me in later," Jack said as he repositioned her on his lap, moving her ass up.
He began again this time a bit harder, smacking her tight butt cheeks in turn.
Smack!
Smack!
Smack!
"That's for drinking all my beer in one night without asking," Jack said as he hit her extra hard getting into the punishment aspect. He was wildly turned on now. He had to pace himself or he would end up hurting her.
"I'm so sorry, I promise to be good!" She cried as the blows continued to rain down.
Smack!
Smack!
Smack!
"And that's for acting like a slut, showing your tits and pussy to a bunch of guys!" Jack jeered as he moved to strike her upper thighs.
She yelped and spread her legs after feeling the blows.
"I did it for you. I thought you would like it! I promise to obey you and be a good girl!" She said half moaning and half crying.
Jack saw her legs spread. He gave her a few more smacks then reached down and cupped her pussy mound. His hand came back up soaked. He decided to not call her out for being soaked from the spanking. She held her legs apart though as he moved to smack her inner thighs between her legs.
Smack!
Smack!
Smack!
She cried out and squirmed mightily, but Jack held her down.
"And that's for running my 4Runner over rocks. The next time I will not be so nice!" Jack cried trying to sound serious, but he knew these accusations were absurd.
"What can I do to make it up to you baby! Please let me suck your cock...please daddy!" She cried.
Jack was taken aback from being called daddy, but he suddenly realized how she saw him. She needed a stern hand and now he was the one who would be there for her. That meant Jack would have to handle her how she needed to be handled.
"You certainly will suck my cock. It's the least you can do for being such a slut!" Jack said giving her a final round of smacks on her bright red ass and thighs. Before he finished, he gave her pussy the final smack against her clit. She tensed and let out a cry before laying back down limp and sobbing.
She moved off his lap and knelt before him. She looked up at him with puffy red eyes.
"Thank you, Jack, I will be a good girl. I promise. I so needed that. I feel so much better now!" She said smiling, as she almost fell to the side as her hands were still tied.
Jack moved to catch her then tried to untie her hands.
"No Jack! Please, I feel better this way, at least while being punished," she said.
Jack could only stare at her as she waited, kneeling before him with her wrists tied behind her back. Finally, he stood up and removed his shorts and underwear, then sat back down with a raging hardon. It stuck straight up his abdomen pulsing.
She moved up between his legs and leaned in. She started by licking up his shaft from the base of his ball sack all the way to the tip. She kept her eyes locked on his the whole time, never wavering. She tongued his shaft all over, intermittently kissing it while looking at Jack with her big blue eyes.
"Lick my balls!" Jack said, feeling a power rush from this whole situation.
"Yes sir," she said as she slowly licked down his shaft. She bent down and sucked each ball into her mouth in turn, running her tongue all around. She bathed his entire nut sack until it was covered in saliva.
"Oh my god, you have a magic tongue!" Jack moaned.
"Only for you," she said and proceeded to lick her way up his shaft again. She reached the tip and licked around the crown of his cock.
Jack was in heaven. Her heavy globes rubbed his thighs as she worked his cock like a master.
Jack reached down and cupped both breasts, squeezing them and pinching her erect nipples.
She moaned and moved up closer now to get a better angle on his cock. Looking him in the eyes she opened her mouth and ever so slowly engulfed his rock-hard member. Her lips, forming a tight ring, moved down his shaft. She bobbed her head up and down, traveling further down each time. Angela had sucked a lot of cock in her day, and it showed.
Jack, looking down at her swallowing him, was amazed. He thought she looked fabulous with her hands tied behind her back sucking the life out of his cock.
Tilting her head forward, she gave a final push, forcing his cock into her throat. Jack felt her throat give way as his shaft disappeared with her nose buried in his pubic hair. She stuck her tongue out trying to lick his balls at the same time.
She slowly backed off his cock until it popped out of her mouth. Strands of spit led from his cock to her lips as she took a breath of air.
"You are an amazing cocksucker, Angela!" Jack gasped as he looked down at the incredible sight. She knelt before him looking up with strings of spit still leading from this cock head to her cocksucking lips.
"I am your amazing cocksucker Jack... if you will have me?" Angela said as she when back down and throated him fully.
Jack was getting ready to burst as he felt her throat massage his shaft.
"Christ! Oh shit.... of course, I will have you!" Jack cried as he shot his load directly into her stomach. He came almost as much as last night. Angela swallowed every drop and sucked slowly up his shaft until it popped out of her mouth. She then licked him clean from ball sack to tip and then sat back smiling up at him with adoration.
"Fuck that was awesome, but you have some explaining to do missy!" Jack said.
She struggled to a standing position and turned around.
"Untie me first baby," Angela said.
"Of course, remember you wanted it," Jack said feeling guilty about this whole situation.
"I know I did, and you delivered like I knew you would!" Angela said with a mischievous smile.
He untied her wrists then she turned around rubbing the red marks left by the ties.
"Let me get dressed first. Someone may have heard the noise we made and come over to check." Angela said as she put her clothes back on hiding her perfect tits and golden pussy.
"If they were anywhere near, they could not help but hear!" Jack said.
"I bet you would like that!" Angela teased as she maneuvered her tits into the tight-fitting crop top.
She looked amazing. Her erect nipples poked out clearly. She smiled as Jack stared up at her. She got him a refill of coffee as Jack got dressed. Then she moved a chair up near his, facing the gleaming lake, then sat down and rested her hand over his.
"I know that was way over the top and I hope you are ok...or don't think badly of me...?" Angela started to say but Jack raised his hand cutting her off.
"Look Angela, many people have their kinks. I am not going to lie; I love spanking you. That was the hottest thing I have ever done period, but yes, I am concerned about the pretense of the whole thing. You wanted me to pretend that I was mad at you for all the wonderful things we have done together so far, so ya it was weird," Jack said squeezing her hand in assurance.
"Well yeah, I guess that was a real shocker for you, but I thought it was the only way to show you. I miss my dad so much and being with you brought out all the longings I felt when I was with him. In the beginning, his spankings really did hurt, and I did not like them at all, but they centered me. Then after a while, I guess I became kinda addicted to them. Sometimes I would purposely do things so he would lay into my ass just to feel right again." Angela said.
"So, I guess I get it. Your feelings for your dad and your love for him are mixed up with the way he punished you?" Jack offered.
"Yes and no. I still love him and will forever be grateful to him, but I guess I have always needed a firm hand. When he died, I just retracted into myself and got bitter. The discipline he instilled in me carried over to my work life, but without him, my personal life has been a shambles. Are you worried I'm some kind of slut or into S&M?" she asked with a worried expression. Tears ran down her pretty face landing on her cleavage. Jack felt bad for following the tears as they ran down her massive breast and disappeared into her thin crop top.
"To be honest, a little. You seemed eager to show off your body to those guys and then begged me for a spanking, so ya. Sorry but I am trying to be very honest with you. I can't say I mind some of it at all! But if this is going to go anywhere, I would like to really truly understand where this behavior is coming from and what is meant by it all," Jack said with a serious expression.
Flashes of his adulteress ex-wife came into mind.
"I totally get it. By nature, I am not an exhibitionist or a slut. It's weird, but I was really trying to make you happy. I truly felt bad about drinking your beer. If you notice, I cover up when others are around, but in that situation, all I was thinking was how to get you beer and oddly I thought that it would make you happy if I showed all those 20-something's that I was your girl.
I know we have not known each other long, but that is the truth. As far as the spanking, it is truly based on what I have said. I am not into pain generally, but the spanking, by you and only you, does turn me on and centers me.
I know I am screwed up, but I feel better now than I have in years. If you give me a chance to let me show you, I promise you will not regret it," she said squeezing Jack's hand.
"Ok, I think I am beginning to understand. If you feel the urge to go off the rails, please let me know first before trying to get more beer!" Jack teased.
"Now that is a deal. No one will see these without your consent I swear!" Angela said cupping both breasts.
"Seriously though, I now see that you have been through a lot and have special needs, shall we say. I can live with it now that I know where this is all coming from. You know I have been hurt before and I have no intention of letting that happen again. If at any time you feel things are not working out, please tell me before doing anything, promise?" Jack said.
"Oh, Jack!" Angela said as she wrapped her arms around him and hugged him tightly.
"Thank you! I promise!" Angela said.
Jack stood up with her and then kissed her with all the passion he could muster. She was breathless when he stopped.
"Deal! Now let's get out of here! We have a long trip to the next camping site!" Jack said as he swatted her butt walking by.
Angela was so happy. She gave him a huge smile and started to help pack up the 4Runner. She finished and then decided to brush out her hair again, making sure it was looking its' best. Then she put on light makeup with eyeliner and a little blush to highlight her cheeks. She finished off the look with light red lipstick. She wanted to look sexy for Jack.
She used the side rear view mirror on the 4runner to inspect her crop top. She adjusted her top, so her nipples were just covered, showing maximum cleavage. Her shelf bra did a great job of holding her breasts up and out making sure they were on full display for Jack. Next, she changed out of her cargo shorts and into tight-fitting body shorts that showed every curve of her ass.
Jack came around the corner carrying the tent. He noticed the red marks from the spanking on her upper thighs. His cock jerked in reaction.
"Wow! You look fantastic! I am a lucky guy!" Jack said as his eyes took in the sight.
"Only for you! I need to make sure I have another shirt handy!" She said as she gave Jack a profile view. Her incredibly large breasts showed clearly; held in tightly by the crop top.
They finished packing and set off for the day. Jack radioed Derek to let him know when to meet them at the end of the day.
Their destination was up and over a ridge twenty miles away. The terrain was moderate with a few rock crawling areas to tackle.
Jack was quiet, thinking about all that had happened during this trip and especially this morning. He still had concerns but looking over at his passenger they seem to melt away. Thinking about the spanking and the fantastic ball-draining blow job kept his cock permanently at half-mast, causing perverted thoughts to fly through his head that he just could not shake.
"Penny for your thoughts," she said looking over with a smile showing a rack of white teeth.
"That I am too old to be this lucky!" Jack said as he reached over and took her hand.
"I was just thinking that I am too lucky Jack!" She teased noticing the bulge in his shorts.
"Seriously though, you seem distracted. Just tell me, I won't judge!" She said with a sincere look.
"Well ok. I feel like a first-class pervert for asking, but since we are all alone can you...do you think..." Jack stuttered.
"What! Tell me!" She cried.
"I want to see them, Angela. Take off your top and bra. Sorry, but you insisted I tell you," Jack said in an embarrassed voice.
"I thought you wanted a blow job or something. Of course, I will." Angela said matter-of-factly.
She quickly removed her crop top to expose her breasts. The shelf bra only supported the bottom of her breasts, so her nipples were fully exposed. She pinched each one in turn while smiling at him.
"Can I leave the shelf bra on? It would be painful with them bouncing all over, even though I think you would like that," she said teasing.
"Of course, wow, they...I mean you are beautiful!" Jack said looking over at her exposed tits with erect nipples fully extended. His cock grew even harder.
"I know what you mean pervert! They are goddam nice aren't they. They even turn me on sometimes!" She teased as she cupped them.
After a while it seemed almost natural to be driving down a dirt road with a perfect set of exposed tits swinging this way and that as the 4Runner maneuvered over rocks and dips.
Jack kept looking over at her and every time she smiled widely at him. He was in heaven.
They drove on until they reached the bottom of a plateau and came to a stop at a hiking trailhead.
"Up this trail there is an amazing view of the valley below. I would love to show it to you. Are you up for a little hike?" Jack asked.
"Sure! I am up for anything. It's beautiful out here!" She said as she opened her door and stepped out.
Jack came around to her side of the car as he saw her step out of the 4Runner. Jack thought she looked amazing. She stood before him wearing only sneakers with calf-high white socks, tight-fitting body shorts, and a bra that basically only served to lift her massive tits. Her nipples, bright red still from her pinching, stood out proudly.
As awesome as she looked Jack had to ask. "Ummm...are you sure you are ok with what you are wearing or not wearing really? I mean look at you!" Jack said as he reached down to adjust his engorging cock.
"Oh, I forgot! Don't need this while I am walking," she said, then reached back and unhooked her bra, took it off, and threw it into the open door.
"Man, that feels better! Bra's get very uncomfortable," she said while massaging both breasts and winking at him.
"It's fine with me but what if we see someone," Jack said.
"It's up to you Jack. I can take a t-shirt to cover up if we run into anyone," she said.
"I thought you were not an exhibitionist," Jack said.
"I am not. I don't think you get it yet Jack," she said walking over to stand right in front of him.
She lifted his hands and placed them on her breasts. Jack took a handful of breast tissue in each hand. He reflexively squeezed while she continued.
"Whether I show them off is up to you Jack. Normally I am not like this, but with you, I trust you to protect me and make me safe. If you want me to be seen by others it's ok with me. If not, then I will cover up. Get it now?" She said as she stepped back. Jack released her tits with a sigh.
He could not believe what was happening to him. What God had blessed him on this trip?
"It's scary how fast this is all happening, but from what you said this morning I am starting to put this all together in my head. Did you walk around like this with your dad?" Jack said looking at her puffy camel toe exposed from the thin, tight fitting, body shorts.
"No, he liked me naked with him dressed most of the time when we were alone," she said.
"You mean if I told you to get naked you would, out here!" Jack said.
"In a heartbeat. It's like the spankings. Being naked around you...well...it's kinda like it puts me in my place...if you know what I mean," she said with a shy smile. Jack thought she looked cute as her face and chest flushed with embarrassment.
"Well then let's test that theory. Time to get naked!" Jack said.
She responded by hooking her thumbs in her shorts and slowly pulling them down her long tan legs, exposing her golden-haired pussy. Jack licked his lips as she lifted each leg to remove them, then tossed the shorts into the 4Runner on top of her bra.
"I assume I can keep my sneakers on?" She asked as she turned back to him shyly.
He almost died at how sexy she looked; naked with only sneakers and calf-high white socks with a bright red ass from this morning's spanking. His cock hardened further from the sight.
He had to push the thought of bending her over the fender of the 4Runner out of his mind for now.
"All good things come to those that wait!" He thought.
"Of course! I think we are as ready as we can be for the hike. Just let me grab my backpack with some food and water...and oh yes, a T-Shirt just in case." He said as he opened the back gate of the 4Runner. He gathered the supplies while glancing at her naked form. She was bending over slightly to look at the flower on a nearby bush.
Her breasts hung down, swaying as she bent over. It was quite a sight to behold. His cock was not getting any rest on this trip. It pulsed at the sight of her.
"Angela may have had a near-perfect set of tits, but her hourglass waist flared out to a nice size ass," Jack Thought.
He could just see the blonde pubic hair sticking out from behind as she smelled the flower.
Jack finally pulled his eyes away from her ass and finished packing.
"Let's head out!" Jack said as he walked up to the trailhead. He motioned Angela to go ahead. She gave him a knowing smile and walked by Jack. Her hips rose and fell in a hypnotic rhythm.
It was only a ten-minute walk to the summit of the trail. They talk casually about the beauty of the surrounding rocks and plant life. It was one of the most scenic trails Jack knew of and he was happy to share it with her.
But it was nothing compared to the view when they reached the top. The valley came into view suddenly as they walked around the last of the huge boulders. There was only a small plateau at the top. It was like a scoop out of the cliff face that allowed hikers to climb up for a spectacular view of the valley below.
"Fucking amazing!" Angela said with sincerity as she looked down on the pristine valley below. There seemed to be countless little lakes shimmering bright blue, surrounded by lovely trees and grassy hills.
Jack walked up behind Angela and put his arm around her small waist and hugged her close.
They both stood there on the edge of the world feeling the light breeze wash over them. To both, it felt like a perfect moment in time.
"I'm so happy to share this with you baby!" Jack said.
She leaned her head back against his shoulder and sighed.
"This is perfect Jack. I could not be happier. Thank you for showing me this and for everything on this trip. I have not been this happy since... well since," she stuttered.
"Since being with your dad? Don't be embarrassed about your past or how you survived Angela. You should be proud of yourself and cherish the memories of your dad," Jack said.
Angela felt a rush of warmth flow through her from Jack's words. She reached down and took ahold of Jack's hands. Lifting them up she placed them over her breasts. Then she looked up and offered her lips to Jack sighing, "Kiss me, Jack."
Looking out over the beauty of the valley, Jack felt her hands lift his. He offered no resistance and soon enveloped her perfect breasts. He massaged them gently feeling the texture and fullness. Then took each nipple and rolled it lightly through his fingers as he kissed her.
"Oh, Jack!" She moaned and then kissed him back. Soon they were exploring each other with their tongues. She sucked his tongue like a small cock before deeply kissing him for what seemed like forever.
Meanwhile below on the trail:
Rick sent up a cloud of dust as his Jeep careened around a corner and then shot down the trail. His buddies with him in the Jeep yelled, encouraging him.
"Man, that was awesome! Nothing beats this!" One of Rick's buddies said.
"You forget a certain 4Runner and that MILF we saw the other day! Those tits and blonde pussy, fuck that was crazy!" Rick said.
"Ya, and she handled that hill like a pro. I will never forget those big tities swinging back and forth. I had a hard-on for most of the day after that," another said.
"Wait, what the fuck is that?!" Rick said as the Jeep came around another corner and saw a 4Runner.
"Holy shit! That's the same 4Runner. I will never forget her or that 4Runner. It must be the same one," Rick said as they stopped beside it.
"You thinking what I am thinking!" One of them said to Rick.
"I know this trail. It leads up to a plateau. They must be up there enjoying the view," Rick said.
"Hey, let's go up there. I wouldn't mind another look at those tits. Maybe she would give us another show. You know, we have more beer to give!" One of them said to Rick.
"Worth a shot. The worst thing that could happen is we get to look at her again in a bikini hopefully!" Rick said as he pulled the jeep over and parked it near Jack's 4Runner.
Up on the plateau:
They finished kissing. Angela was breathless after the long, luscious kiss. Her affection for Jack was overflowing. She got down on her knees and looked up at Jack.
"I want to suck your cock, Jack! Correction, I need to suck it. Right now!" Angela said as she yanked down his shorts and underwear. His thick eight-inch cock sprang into view, fully erect and dribbling with pre-cum from all the kissing. Jack smiled as he looked down at the naked, big breasted beauty kneeling below him.
"I can't think of any reason to deny you!" Jack teased.
"God this is the most beautiful cock I have ever had the pleasure of sucking!" Angela said as she gently slid her hand up and down his shaft. She felt the thickness remembering how it stretched her open the night before. Her lust was taking over from the memory.
Jack braced himself as she dove in. She licked up and down his shaft until it was fully coated with a healthy layer of spit. Then, while jacking him off with her hand she reached under and bathed his balls with her long pink tongue.
Jack was in heaven. This was not a desperate, make-him-cum fast blow job. Jack felt like she was making love to his cock with her mouth.
He alternated his view from her cocksucking lips to the amazing scene in front of him.
"The valley had never looked better. Well, it helps getting a first-class blow job from a blonde-haired goddess!" he thought.
She continued to slowly suck, lick, and massage him all over with her hands and tongue while looking up into his eyes almost the entire time.
The wind picked up a little making noise as it blew through the small cliff opening. It still felt good, but it was harder for Jack to hear the wonderful sounds of Angela slurping on his shaft and balls.
She finally finished slobbering all over his cock. Then she looked up and parted her puffy red lips and slowly started to suck down his shaft. She started at the tip, swirling her tongue around and around, playing special attention to the sensitive underside of his cock head. Jack bucked his hips from her expert tongue skills.
Angela pulled off his cock and said," I see you really like that!"
"I like the whole thing baby. You are a master!" Jack said beaming down at her, she had spit hanging off her lips and a lusty sexual look in her bright blue eyes.
"You make me very happy Jack!" Angela said and dove back down his cock shaft.
She tongued his cock head a few more times then started to swallow his cock into her mouth. She started to bob her head up and down. Jack looked down to see her red lips stretched around his shaft as she forced more and more of his cock into her mouth.
Again, this was not a throat-him-fast-until-he-cums blow job. She moved her hands all around his ass while her lips traveled up and down his slippery shaft. Jack was amazed at her technique. She was somehow rolling spit up and down his shaft, so it felt more like a pussy than a mouth.
"Oh my god, that feels amazing. It has never felt like this!" Jack moaned.
She popped his cock out of her mouth and looked up at him while slowly jacking him off.
"I am so glad you like it, Jack. It makes me tingle all over knowing I am pleasuring you so well!" Angela said in a lusty voice.
She dove back in and started bobbing on his cock again while massaging his balls. Jack was letting out moans of pleasure now, though he could barely hear himself with the warm wind starting to pick up.
Meanwhile not far away:
Rick and the three other boys walked up the trail hoping for a little of what they got the other day. Big swinging tits and a golden pussy were in their heads as they climbed up the steep trail. They got to the top and entered the path that went between the boulders leading to the plateau.
They felt and heard the wind blowing through the rock as they approached. Suddenly Rick, who was in the lead, stopped when he heard moaning ahead. He stopped the others to listen, motioning the others to keep quiet with a finger over his lips.
He crept forward until he heard a female voice, 'I am so glad you like it, Jack. It makes me tingle all over knowing I am pleasuring you so well'.
He quickly headed back to the boys waiting only a few feet away.
"Holy shit! I think our MILF is busy at work. Let's sneak up for a better look but be quiet. If we get busted, we can always outrun them!" Rick said and started to slowly move up the trail.
He heard moaning more clearly as he turned very slowly around the last corner. The sight before him was beyond all expectations.
The trail came up to the side of the plateau, so Rick got a perfect profile view of the blonde goddess on her knees sucking cock. Spit ran down her lips as she bobbed her head up and down. The other boys took up positions above and below Rick. They remained mostly out of view.
Rick was not too worried because Jack was facing away from them, and she was too busy sucking cock to notice.
One of the boys let out a gasp as he saw her swallow Jack's cock all the way down her throat. Luckily, at the same time, Jack let out a loud moan as her lips met his pubic hair.
Rick punched the boy lightly for almost blowing it. The interruption caused a nasty thought to enter his head. He brought out his phone and started to record. Her cocksucking lips filled the frame as she fully engulfed Jack's cock. His hand shook at the sight it was so overwhelming.
"Baby...oh my god this is amazing...I need to be inside you!" The Boys heard Jack say as she pulled his saliva cover cock from her mouth. It came out with a pop.
The boys were staring as she pulled the cock from her mouth. Spit and drool ran down her lips and covered her upper breasts from the marathon blow job. They were stunned and amazed at the super erotic sight.
"Anything you want baby! How do you want me! How about a position where you can enjoy the view and my very wet pussy!" She said as she wrapped her arms around his neck, kissing him deeply and seductively.
The boys backed away a little so they would not get busted. There was a chance she could see if she got lucky. The verbal exchange between Jack and Angela had all the boys as hard as they had ever been. They were all ready to sprint out of there, however.
They heard Jack again, "Well there is no chair, so I think that would be hard to accomplish!"
"You are lucky I am flexible, Jack!" They all herd Angela say.
The boys saw her kiss him one last time and then turn around to face the valley. The boys all held their breath as they saw her spread her legs, bend far over and grab her ankles. Her blonde, wet pussy came into view.
"Fuck me, Jack! Just make sure to hold on tight. I can hold this position for a while!" The boys heard her say.
"On my fucking god!" Rick thought as he saw Jack give an exclamation of joy, move up behind her and position his thick member in her pussy lips. Rick saw Jack rub it up and down her slit and nestle it at her opening. He probed her pussy until his head was just inside her tight cunt. Then with a gentle thrust, Rick saw Jack's cock slowly spread her lips wide open.
The boys had a perfectly clear view of her blonde-haired pussy opening for the thick intruder.
The boys heard her let out a loud moan as Jack started to fuck her.
"Oh, my fucking god Jack! You feel so good! It's so big...holy shit!" The boys heard Angela cry. In this position, she had an upside-down view of Jack's legs as she grabbed her ankles tightly for support.
The boys saw her tits hang down toward her face and bounce in time with Jack's cock splitting open her poor pussy. They saw Jack pick up the speed of his thrusts as Angela cried out in pleasure.
"Oh fuck...oh fuck...oh fuck...I'm going to cum!!" Angela cried. Jack held her hips as her legs gave way. An intense orgasm swept through her. Her legs shook. Luckily Jack held her up until she finished.
Rick almost came in his shorts without even touching himself as they saw her squirt pussy juice around his cock. It dripped down hitting Angela in the face as Jack continued his relentless ravishing of her quivering pussy.
She felt it hit her face as she looked up to see her pussy being plundered. She had never cum so fast. Somehow the whole situation made her into one gigantic sex machine. She felt each thrust and had a perfect view of his cock and balls splitting her open. In her mind, being bent over, grabbing her ankles, and fucked on a cliff in the open had her pussy in overdrive.
Juice kept on coming out of her as Jack pounded away. His grunts filled the small plateau. Her tits, face, and hair were getting wetter from the pussy cream coming out of her.
She was now moaning constantly with babbling cries of ecstasy and pure pleasure. The boys were now rubbing their hard-ons through their shorts. Two of them came already and began to rub out another one.
Rick had the presence of mind to use the zoom on the video. He focused on her soaking pussy being skewered, then panned down to her wet face and tits as Jack pounded away. Her face was contorted in pleasure as she climbed up to another orgasm.
"Oh god, Jack... you're making me cum again! Hold me...oh shit...fuck!!" She yelled as she came hard. He held her up with her legs off the floor, lifting her hold body as she came. Her legs flailed as the climax hit her deep inside.
That sent Jack over the edge. He set her down and then thrust up hard and deep, sending a huge pent-up bucket of cum deep into her golden wet pussy. They finished coming together.
Jack set her down and drew his softening cock out of her abused pussy. Cum leaked out and fell on her head and tits. She remained bent over when she saw that Jack was admiring the view.
Jack looked up and down at the mess he had proudly made. Her face and tits were covered in cum and girl cream. He loved it that she remained bent over even after all the intense fucking.
The boys got a little careless, thinking more about jacking themselves off through their shorts than being attentive to being caught. One of them mis stepped on a rock and made a little too much noise. That combined with the sudden lack of noise from Angela was all it took.
Angela was looking up at Jack smiling when suddenly she herd the boys. She looked out between her legs off to the entrance path of the trail and saw the three boys staring at her exposed cum filled pussy.
"What the Fuck!" Angela screamed as she quickly went erect as Jack turned to see the boys race down the path.
Jack's face turned ugly, and it reminded her of her dad when he got into a rage. Nothing good could come of it in her mind.
"No Jack...wait! Don't leave me here alone!" Angela said.
"Holy fuck! I am so sorry. I did not hear them. They must have heard us and snuck up on us!" Jack said as he hugged her close to protect her.
"There was nothing you could have done baby. They were just kids, let them go. Don't let them ruin this moment," Angela said as she kissed down his body and knelt to clean off his cock, hoping it would distract him.
He thought he recognized one of the kids but decided to let it go. Why ruin it, he thought as he looked down at her licking his cock up and down.
Jack felt the anger drain from him and thought back to just a few minutes earlier. He laughed, surprising Angela.
"Nothing could ruin the best sex I have ever had with the best girl I have ever been with," Jack said.
"I thought the last time was the best time!" Angela said looking up.
Her cum covered face was no deterrent as Jack reached down and pulled her up to kiss her. Then he reached down to his backpack, got out a couple of napkins, and cleaned off her face and soaked tits.
Angela loved the way Jack tenderly cared for her. He used water from the water bottle and washed her clean.
"Thank you, sweety. I have also have the best multiple orgasms when you use this thing on me. I think I might become addicted!" She teased as she stroked his softening cock.
"Well, I guess we gave them a show they will not soon forget!" Jack laughed.
"At least you were facing away from them. They had a front-row seat to my pussy and tits. Oh my god, they must have seen me squirt, and all the cum...fuck, I must have looked like a real slut!" Angela said although, after her initial shock, she was not that mortified. Quite the opposite. She found herself turned on, thinking back and seeing them stare at her with cum dripping out of her. She shuttered at her reaction. She quickly dismissed it from her mind as a silly thought.
"No harm no foul. We hopefully will never see them again," Jack said trying to comfort her.
"I guess you are right. How embarrassing, but yes let's hope this was a one-time visit from our little voyeurs," she said turning bright red thinking about cuming multiple times with the boys staring at her.
They broke out some snacks and had a light lunch before heading back down the trail. It was getting late, and the evening sun created a spectacular view they wanted to enjoy for a bit longer.
Angela put on the t-shirt at Jack's suggestion. The visit from the boys made him far less willing to have her walk around with her magnificent tits showing.
She looked amazing in his shirt, however. The outline of her breasts and the way she wore it, like a low-cut dress, had his cock stirring.
They made it back to the 4Runner without incident. The sun was going down and Jack knew they had to get going quickly.
To Jack's surprise, she pulled the t-shirt off as soon as they got into the 4Runner. Jack could see some dried cum that he missed on each breast.
Angela saw his expression and cut him off before he could say anything.
"Unless you force me, I would rather not wear anything Jack. Don't worry I will keep it handy in case we come across anyone. That is unless you don't enjoy the view!" She teased, cupping her breasts and pinching her nipples.
"You are going to be the death of me!" Jack said as he drove forward down the trail.
"Only if I fuck you to death!" She said laughing.
Her laugh made Jack smile.
Jack was a happy man as he drove down the trail. Angela held her tits over the rough parts but otherwise let them swing freely. The road was not that bad, and she liked Jack's look when they hit a rough spot and she had to cup her breasts. She occasionally pinched her nipples as she knew it turned him on when they were red and erect. She found herself rubbing her thighs together from the memory of being bent over and fucked by Jack, but then winced as her thoughts turned to the boys watching her pussy get plundered.
"What the fuck!" She thought but could not deny her pussy was dripping again.
They were about halfway there when the combination of the 4Runner rocking and the memory's she kept replaying in her mind had her very horny.
She unconsciously spread her legs a little and moved her hand down to finger her aching clit. A moan escaped and broke her out of her trance. Jack noticed and could not help but comment.
"Woah there, missy! I can't concentrate with that going on. Can't it wait?" Jack said as she pulled her finger away from her pussy.
"I don't know what has come over me, but I really need to cum again baby. Just let me finish. It won't take long I promise!" She said biting her lips and moving her hand back to her pussy.
"But I have never seen a woman...you know...masturbate! I don't want to miss it!" Jack said now getting hard all over again.
"What! Then pull over Jack, this will only take a minute!" She moaned as she fingered her clit.
Jack never stopped faster as he pulled off the road. Then turned on the inside LED ceiling light for a better view as it was getting dark.
She turned toward Jack and lifted her left leg up and over his shoulder scooching down in the seat and spreading her legs. Her pussy was fully spread open to Jack's view. Angela seductively sucked on the finger like a cock and started to massage her pussy lips and clit.
"Well let's fix that shall we. Does my pussy look good baby? It's aching to be filled again. You fucked me so good up there!" She moaned as she worked her clit and pussy lips with one hand and pulled on each nipple in turn with the other.
Jack just stared as she worked her pussy. Angela knew he was getting off on her dirty talk as well as the view right in front of him.
"Ummmm...yes...it feels so good to masturbate in front of you. It's wet Jack! See!" She said as she pulled her lips wide and gave Jack a view straight up her wet hole!
Jack was speechless. It was so slutty and over the top sexual. Angela smiled at him.
"I'm getting close baby. Just thinking about your huge dick fucking the shit out of my little pussy. Fuck Jack...you are so good to me...no one has ever fuck me so well. You ruined this pussy for anyone else baby. It's your pussy now Jack, you own it. I would fuck you right now, but it's too sore from the hard fucking you gave me, Jack. Do you remember Jack? Me, bent over, grabbing my ankles. You, ramming your cock into my cunt. Making me cum again and again. Cum and pussy juice dripping on my face as you railed me into multiple orgasms! And then the boys seeing cum leaking out of me...oh shit!" Angela yelled as she bucked her hips up off the seat, rammed three fingers into her pussy, and came like a banshee.
Jack was so enthralled by the spectacle he did not even bother to jack off. He had never been on the receiving end of such a slutty diatribe.
"Holy shit Angela! That was the most...well...all I can say is thank you!" Jack said, at a lost for the right words.
Angela moved her legs back down and leaned in, giving him a long sloppy kiss.
"My pleasure sir. Anytime you want me to jerk off just say the word. You have me so worked up I could not help myself. Maybe you will be the death of me!!" Angela said as she flopped back into her seat.
Jack just stared at the vision laying back in her seat with her huge tits and blonde wet pussy. It was more than her overt sexuality. She was bright, intuitive and above all totally free and unencumbered sexually. This was all new to him. Sure, he had made women cum and even squirt, but Angela was not shy about it. It's like something ticked in her head and made her feel that she could be open to him. He had to repay her for her openness.
"Earth to Jack! I think we should get going, if we had time, I would relieve this for you!" Angela said snapping him out of his haze and grabbing his hardon.
"That's ok baby we will have plenty of time later and you have already given me more than I ever thought possible. I think I am falling in love here!" Jack said surprising himself.
Angela turned toward him with shining eyes from the tears starting to form.
"Oh Jack! Please don't tease me. You don't know me well enough. I am broken in too many ways!" She cried.
"Hey! Look at me! I am not saying this just because you are beautiful and a master at sex. You are smart, funny, kind, compassionate and have more fortitude than anyone I know. Love, or at least what most people call love comes from a place here, not here." Jack said as he moved his hand from his heart to his head.
"I think I am falling for you too! Just please always lead with the truth. Just like you said, if you want me to leave just say so!" She said and hugged him so hard he almost lost control of the 4Runner.
"Agreed! Now please put on the t-shirt as we are getting close to the camping spot." Jack said kissing her on the top of her head.
"Deal Jack!" She said and pulled on the shirt and her shorts for good measure. She felt more alive now than ever. She beamed at the man driving the 4Runner up the hill to the camping place.
It was dark now as Jack came up the hill to the plateau. This was what he loved about this trail. There were endless camping places around lakes. His LED head lamps on his roof rack lit up the area well in front of the 4Runner as he looked for the other Jeeps in his group.
He found them and stopped just in front of Derek's Jeep. They were all having dinner around a roaring campfire. Derek saw the 4Runner and left the fire to meet Jack as he drove up.
Jack came to a stop as Derek walked up to his window. Jack rolled down the window and greeted his friend.
"Hey there buddy! How was your day? Families keeping in line?" jack said.
Derek stared at Angela in her t-shirt and noticed her erect nipples poking out, but he quickly averted his eyes, not wanting to upset Jack. Derek wondered what they had been up to as they came in quite late.
"It was a fine day, Jack. No issues, but I was worried about you. Use the radio next time buddy!" Derek said teasing and looking from Jack to Angela.
"Ya, sorry! You know I am usually good about that but...uuu...we got a little sidetracked and lost track of time. I promise to be better tomorrow!" Jack said with an embarrassed tone he could not help.
"I bet! Is he treating you alright Angela? I know this guy! You have to be careful!" Derek said with a knowing smile on his face.
"I've never been treated better Derek! He knows exactly how to treat a woman!!" Angela said with a big smile. Angela just could not help herself and she knew they were friends.
"Hey! What...I mean...yes, we had a good day, Derek!" Jack said, now totally embarrassed. Angela took him by the arm and hugged him close.
"It's ok baby. I think Derek could figure it out for himself anyways!" Angela said smiling at Derek.
"Yes Jack, it's painfully obvious that she is crazy about you buddy...I couldn't be happier for you. And you missy, treat him right. Jack is good people!" Derek said.
"I think I already have, Derek!" Angela said.
"Ok...ok...can we stop all this. It's killing me!" Jack said.
Derek let out a hearty laugh.
"Ok my friend! I am just glad to see you like this! Hey, you guys are coming in late. How about joining us for dinner. We are just serving and would love for you to join us. We have a good crowd of people over here." Derek said.
Jack turned to Angela, and she nodded her head.
"Ok, that sounds great. We will just find a place to camp and be right over," Jack said.
"Checking with the little woman already? Teasing, sorry. See you guys soon!" Derek said and walked away back toward the fire.
"I'm going to kill him!" Jack said to Angela without conviction.
"Hey! He is just happy for you! Derek is great, Jack and you know it. I am glad he likes me. I want to be friends with people you know," Angela said punching Jack's arm playfully.
"How could anyone not like you. I...well...I am not used...to," Jack started.
"Look at me Jack!" Angela said as she looked up at him still wrapped around him. Jack looked down at the perfect face beaming up at him. Her blonde hair draped over his shoulders.
"I know you at least well enough to know you are a private person, Jack. I will not out you amongst people who don't know you, but I am very proud to call you, my boyfriend! I am happy Jack! For the first time in a long time," Angela said somehow knowing what Jack needed to hear.
"You better stop being perfect, or I will have to pinch myself and try to wake up!" Jack said as he bent down and kissed her. She instantly responded moaning with a crushing kiss that almost made him think twice about dinner with the group.
"Just know buster that I am yours and you deserve me. I am starting to think that I also deserve you! Just be patient with me," she said as Jack broke the kiss and started the 4Runner.
"Deal! Now let's find a good spot before all the food is gone!" Jack said.
It did not take long to find a good spot. There were not many good places left but they drove to the end of the shoreline camping spots and found a good one up on a small ridge. It was still close to the others but offered a secluded location.
They parked and got out the luggage to change for dinner. Jack dressed in shorts and a nice collared, short sleeve shirt with a silk screen pattern of the Sierra's. He combed his hair and put on extra deodorant trying to cover up any residual smell from his earlier activities.
Meanwhile Angela rifled through her clothes hoping that the one dress she brought would be ok for the evening. She wanted to look good for Jack but not at all over the top. She was relieved that her memory was correct. She lifted the sundress out and held it up.
"This will be perfect!" She thought as she put on her full coverage bra and regular floral printed panties. Before dressing she wiped herself down with a wet towel to remove any sign from the events the happened only a few hours before.
She applied extra deodorant and did a smell check, then slid herself into the dress. It came down just past her knee's. It was cute but not suggestive. It was form fitting, so her breasts were outlined but only showed a small amount of cleavage.
The she brushed out her long curly blonde hair and applied a small amount of makeup.
Jack came around the 4Runner to check on her. She turned toward Jack as he approached.
Jack could still see her fine figure. Large firm breasts, tiny waist and flared hips in a cute floral printed sundress, but other than that, she was fully covered. It was a relief to Jack as he did not relish the thought of asking her to dress more appropriately.
"Beautiful, just perfect!" Jack said as he came up to her.
"Not too much?" Angela said as she sank into his arms and hugged him. Her breasts pressed into him as he looked down at her.
"As I said, just perfect. I love you even more dressed!" He said teasing.
"Ya, I bet! Let's go eat. I am starving!" She said as they began to walk, hand in hand, over to the group for dinner.
The group looked up as they approached. There were around twenty or so people around a large fire eating ribs and chicken with sides of corn on the cob and grilled vegetables. It smelled fabulous to Jack and Angela who were both extremely hungry after the long day filled with exertion.
"Welcome! Glad to see you guys! Everyone, this is Jack and Angela. Some of you saw them at the start but they have taken a separate route most of the time ever since," Derek said as he walked to them.
Shouts of welcome came from the crowd. Jack saw, mostly the guys, give Angela a double take. Jack and Angela waved hello back as Derek approached.
"Hey Derek! Thanks for inviting us. It smells fantastic. You have quite a crowd here," Jack said.
"Ya, we have around six younger kids that came in a little while ago and we agreed to share food this evening for a BBQ. You know how kids are Jack, but hey, we have tons of food and they brought good beer and tequila with them, so ya we let them in!" Derek said.
Jack and Angela gave each other a knowing look but said nothing as Derek led them over to the table with the food. They filled their plates and sat down near the fire too hungry to worry much about the young visitors.
Jack thought that Angela was a perfect partner during dinner. She soon had conversations going on with several of the people from the original group. She talked to both the dads and mothers from the other jeeps and then she ran off to play with their kids. Paul, one of the dads came up to Jack.
"Hey Jack, my name is Paul. We met briefly at the beginning. I just wanted to say what a pleasure it was to meet Angela. Me and my wife had such a great time talking to her. She went on and on with how you saved her trip and was not shy about telling us how great you are. If I didn't know any better, I would think you two were married," Paul said gesturing to Angela playing with his kids near Paul's wife.
"Well, that is nice to hear Paul. Yes, meeting her was the best thing that has happened to me in a while. I am glad you think so also. She is a wonder for sure," Jack said trying to sound modest as possible.
"Well, I don't know what magic potion you used, but she seems completely smitten with you, my man. Jack, she is very beautiful as well as charming. Sorry if that came out wrong. I just...well...," Paul said gesturing to her.
"I know exactly what you mean. No need to apologize. I feel like the luckiest bastard walking the earth!" Jack said as they toasted beer bottles.
Angela came back around to Jack after talking to several people in the group.
"Wow Jack, this is a great group of people! We should spend more time with them," Angela said as she sat down on his lap.
"I have heard everything, from the stream of people coming up to me, saying what a wonder you say I am. Thank you for the kind words. It will be hard for me to live up to all you have been saying about me!" Jack said as he wrapped his arms around her.
"It's all true baby. I guess I feel so glad to have you, I must tell everyone how great you are. Sorry if that embarrasses you," she said as she kissed him.
"Not at all Angela. I am not used to having someone on my side. It's been a long time," Jack said.
"You have me, Jack. All of me," Angela said as she kissed him again.
Several in the group saw them kissing. They were all glad for the two love birds.
After dinner the beer and tequila broke out. It was provided by the kids that got a free meal out of the deal.
Rick and the boys in the Jeep had eaten early. Rick's group was small with only two jeeps and eight kids, mostly twenty somethings.
They had spent most of their time reviewing the movie of the hot MILF getting fucked on the ridge top. They still could not believe that they got away so cleanly. They considered slashing the tires on the 4Runner but seeing as no one chased them they decided to just drive off as quick as they could.
Rick had not shared the video with anyone yet and swore the three others to secrecy. He did not want the word to get out about the spying. He felt bad for what he had done. He really did not want this to go up on the web. The poor girl could be ruined if that happened. His friends thought otherwise, so Rick kept the video on his phone only.
It was the hottest thing he had ever witnessed. He had already jerked off three times since he set up his tent looking at her bent over and getting the shit fucked out of her. He sighed and decided to join the larger group by the bond fire.
He came out and over to his friends who were sitting around a small fire near their tents.
"Hey, guys, let's go over to the gathering, we may as well have fun," Rick said.
"Only if you let us see that video again! We have only seen it once and we know what you have been doing in your tent this whole time!"
"Fuck off Jamie! It's mine. There is no way you are getting a hold of it so stop asking. Be lucky I led you up there in the first place. Now forget about it and let's get over to the party!" He said in a tone that made it clear there was no arguing the point. The boys sighed and gave in as Rick was by far the largest of them and usually led them on trips to the outback.
The four boys, led by Rick walked over to the bonfire. Music was playing and drinks were flowing. It seemed like a good time.
Angela was sitting next to Jack talking and joking with another couple when she froze. On the other side of the bonfire, over Jack's shoulder, she saw the boys making their way over, the same boys she saw through her legs, bent over, as Jack fucked her.
Jack noticed her staring. And started to turn but Angela hugged him close and said," Hey baby, I am going to go grab another bite to eat. Be right back," then she kissed him and smiling at the others she made her way over to the boys.
The boys were looking for the beer and tequila bar when Angela, heading them off before they could walk to the center of the Bonfire area, came directly up to them.
Rick was startled to say the least as he looked down on the hot MILF. Her firm massive chest stuck out nicely in her flowered sundress. All the boys stopped and stared, not knowing what to do.
"Yes, I am the one you saw up on the ridge. You all need to come with me right now before my boyfriend sees you. I know you know how big he is, and he has lots of friends around this bonfire. If he sees you, that will be it! Follow me!" She said in a soft but deliberate voice.
The stunned boys all followed her until they melted into the shadows not far from the fire but far enough to be hidden. When she got them on the other side of a Jeep she turned.
Rick was the first to speak.
"We are so sorry..." Rick said.
"Angela, my name is Angela," she said crossing her arms under her breasts and giving them a hard stare.
"Angela...We went up the trail when we recognized the 4Runner and well...we thought...," Rick hesitated.
"You thought you could get another look at me!" Angela hissed.
"Well, yes, but we had no intension of forcing you or anything bad we thought we could make another deal. We came up the hill and bam! We heard you guys and well the rest is history," Rick said looking at the ground.
"So instead of leaving, you decided to watch us! How long and what did you see?" Angela said now feeling a little tingly down below.
"We peeked around the rock when you were blowing him and...well we saw pretty much everything after that," Rick admitted.
"It was the fucking hottest thing we have ever seen. You are the hottest Angela. I mean, wow, bent over and getting...," said one of the other boys.
"Shut the fuck up! Look, you guys take off and go back to the campsite and whatever you do stay out of sight unless you want to get the shit beat out of you!" Rick said almost too loudly.
The boys tried to argue but Rick gave them the "look" and they left in a huff.
"Look Angela, I am not going to lie, it was amazing to witness, but it was totally fucked up. I am sorry," Rick said sincerely.
"So, you saw the whole thing and just stared the whole time with me bent over. How embarrassing!" Angela said but even saying it was sending shocks of excitement to her now wet pussy. Her nipples were also hardening which Rick saw. He said nothing, not wanting to piss her off even more.
"I think I also saw an iPhone. Tell me you did not take pictures!" Angela said.
"No, not pictures but I captured the whole thing on video, here take a look," Rick said as he handed over the phone with the video queued to the final scene where cum was coming out of her well used pussy and dripping onto her face.
Angela went bright red. She was mortified.
"Holy shit Rick! Has anyone else seen this!" Angela said.
"Well, the guys who were there certainly did and some of the others in my group, but I haven't given out the video to anyone. There is no internet here so you can be assured it has not been uploaded," Rick said trying to spin it in the best way possible.
"Thank god for that. I want you to delete the video...no...wait...I want it actually and I want to check the other phones in the group to make sure you have not transferred it. It's the least you can do Rick!" Angela said.
"What is in it for us Angela? I know we did a fucked-up thing by staying, but you guys were loud up there. If it wasn't us, it could have easily been a family with kids. Think about that! And what do you want the video for...huh? As bad as we were, part of this gets you off, I know!" Rick said.
"I want to show it to Jack, you pervert. He suspects but does not know for sure that you guys did this, and ok maybe, just maybe, I want it for other reasons that I will not go over with you!" Angela said getting hotter by the second having to explain herself to this kid.
She had to think fast as Jack was expecting her anytime.
"Ok, ok meet me at our camping spot over by the shoreline at the end in twenty minutes. Go quietly and quickly. We can work out a deal, ok?" Angela said with her heart racing and her chest getting tighter with tension.
Rick stared down at her hardening nipples and smiled.
"Ya, she gets off on this for sure!" Rick thought.
"Ok deal, twenty minutes," Rick said and ran off into the dark.
Angela hurried back and found Jack engaged in a conversation with one of the moms. He was clearly charming her. Angela felt a pang of jealousy. She came up behind Jack and ran her hands down his chest and kissed him then looked up at the mom.
"Hey there, missed you! This is Pam, Pauls' wife," Jack said to Angela as he gestured to Pam.
"It nice to finally meet you up close. I am so glad for you two. Jack has been telling me all about you!" Pam said with a warm smile.
The song, Just My Imagination, started just as Angela sat down.
"Dance with me sweety," Jack said.
"But I just got here and wanted to talk to Pam. I need to know what he told you about me," Angela said to Jack then turned to Pam.
"Oh, go ahead you two love birds. Plenty of time for us girls to compare notes!" Pam said.
They nodded and got up, moved closer to the fire and swayed to the music.
"Just my imagination, getting away with me," Jack sang.
"It's just my imagination, getting away with me," Angela finished.
Angela had her head tucked in his chest as Jack's massive arms enveloped her. He held her tiny waist and swayed to the music. Derek and some of the others saw them. They were all happy for Jack and Angela.
After the song they came back to the group. Paul, Pam, Derek and the other families welcomed them back.
"You two are quite a couple! Be careful of him sweetheart!" Derek teased.
"To late Derek, he has already trapped me!" Angela said. They all laughed.
Sitting on Jack's lap Angela bent over to Jack's ear.
"Is it ok if I change into something a little warmer? It's getting cold," Angela said.
"No need to ask permission baby," Jack said back to her.
"Old habit, I guess! Ok I will be back in a bit," she said kissing him.
She broke into a run as soon as she was far enough away from the fire. It had been past twenty minutes and she was worried.
She played it over and over in her mind. Why did she want the video? What was she going to do to get them to give it to her then delete it? She was confused and running out of options. There was no way she could let that video get uploaded. It was not only her but Jack she most feared for.
She found the guys by the shore near their camping spot and ushered them into her tent. There were three boys and Rick. She had them sit on the air mattress as they came in.
"Ok I don't have a lot of time, so I will ask you straight up. Will you give me the video, let me check your phone for copies then delete it?" Angela asked in a pleading voice.
Rick knew her bargaining power was limited. He knew she had to be back. He had her cornered.
"Of course, but really Angela, we both know why you want this video. Give us a little something at least then yes, we will give it to you," Rick said.
"Ok let me check the other phones then I will more than make it worth your while," Angela said.
Rick nodded to the boys, and they gave her their phones one-by-one. She checked them all. She knew the Apple IOS well and did a complete search of the file system. When she was satisfied, he looked up at the boys.
"Here is the deal. Video this interaction with my phone, so I have proof to show Jack." Angela said handing Rick her phone.
Rick took her phone and started the video and nodded to Angela.
"I am only doing this to get this video back and ensure that it never gets out," Angela said looking at the phone videoing her.
In one quick motion she lifted her dress up and over her head. She stood there before the boys in her bra and panties. She stood there for a second hoping it was enough.
"More Angela," was all Rick said. She sighed, but knew it was probably not enough.
"Sorry baby but I can't let this video get up on the web!" Angela said to the phone.
The she slowly reached behind her back and unhooked her bra and let it fall to the floor. The boy's eyes popped out of their heads.
Her perfectly shaped globes popped into view. Rick saw quite clearly from her erect nipples that this was turning her on.
"Come on Angela, it's nothing we have not already seen!" Rick said.
"Please Rick, haven't you seen enough!" Angela said trying to sound desperate.
"Time is running out Angela," Rick said knowing he had her right where he wanted.
Tears were now starting to run down her cheeks, and she hooked her thumbs in her underwear and pulled them down to the floor. She looked up at them standing there naked. Her blonde pussy was glistening with moisture. Rick moved in for a close up. Angela froze as he captured her obvious arousal.
"There now hand me your Phone Rick and the others need to leave. They have had their show!" Angela said.
Rick smiled as he handed his phone over and forced the boys to leave. They all grumbled but left anyway.
Angela was concentrating on using Airdrop to transfer the video. It was going to take a few minutes to finish. She spent the rest of the time searching his phone for other copies. When it finished, she checked that it transferred ok then deleted the video on his phone.
"Ok it's done. Now if you don't mind, I need to get back," Angela said to Rick.
"Can I? Just once!" Rick said as he reached up to cup her tits.
"No Rick you can't, but I will leave you with this little memory. I did think it was hot that you watched me. How about that!" She said with a smile.
"Wow! I knew it. Thanks Angela! I will treasure these memories forever!" Rick said.
"Ok, sorry but you need to leave!" Angela said and ushered him out.
She quickly got dressed in Jeans and one of Jack's collared shirts. It was huge on her, but she tied the tails into a knot over her stomach. It looked extra cute but not at all slutty.
She ran back to the fire. She had been gone for a good bit but hoped that Jack was engaged enough not to notice.
She arrived at the bonfire to see Jack dancing and laughing with Pam. Pam had the quintessential mom look, dressed in jeans and a cotton button up blouse. She had smaller breasts than Angela, but they were big enough to show through her loose-fitting top.
Angela, without thinking, immediately walked up to them and nicely tried to cut in. She coughed to get their attention
"May I have the next dance with this hot guy?" Angela said with a smile.
At that moment the song ended, and a slow song started.
Pam was blushing for sure at this point, but Jack immediately released Pam and turned toward Angela.
"You should not leave him for so long, dear!" Pam said teasing as she left.
"Hey baby! Sorry but Pam insisted on a dance. You look lovely in my shirt! Very sexy to see it on you!" Jack said as he took her into his arms.
"I see Pam moved right in; well, I will never leave you alone with a bunch of moms!" Angela teased.
"No worries. I think they are jealous of you, and well, after all the things you said to them about me, it's no wonder, right!" Jack said.
"I have to be more careful about saying what an amazing guy you are!" Angela said and kissed him deeply as they swayed to the music.
They danced for a while longer as the night wore on. There was a smaller group now, mostly talking and drinking. Jack and Angela said their goodnights and headed off into the dark toward the camping spot by the shore.
Angela was doing her best to hide her nervousness. She had to come clean with Jack and make him understand before long. She had to at least wait until the boys left in the morning or Jack might storm their camp site in a rage.
They arrived back in their secluded little spot by the lake, pulled up some chairs by the moon lit water. They held hands, saying nothing for a while and enjoyed the spectacular view. They both felt the warm glow of love pulsing through them.
Angela was the first to bring up the elephant in the room.
"I don't regret any of it Jack, not one bit!" She said squeezing his hand.
"Me neither...well maybe at the end. The nerve of those kids!" Jack said.
"I thought they might be here, but I am glad they were not." Jack said.
"What would you have done Jack?" Angela said probing.
"I really do not know baby. I would've had a hard time controlling myself," Jack said
"Look how fantastic the night turned out to be. With me on your arms with your friends, it was perfect!" She said getting up and moving to sit on the ground at Jack's feet. She leaned back against his legs for support.
Jack ran his hands through her soft blonde tresses, massaging her head and neck. Angela sighed with pleasure.
"You are right baby, better that they ran. I never have to see them again. It was amazing up on the ridge. I am glad you were not freaked by the ending," Jack soothed.
"I have two things to say Jack. Number one- You are amazing with your cock. Number two- My pussy has never been sorer!" Angela teased.
"You know just what to say to me, don't you!" Jack said.
"I thought you would like that!" Angela said.
"And who could forget the car ride back! That my little lady, was very special. My cock gets hard thinking of that!" Jack said truthfully.
"Well, I could not believe that you had never seen a girl masturbate. What a travesty! I knew I had to fix that right away, but I think it was the combination of my slutty talk AND my finger working my pussy...am I correct?" Angela said looking up at him.
"Fuck ya! That was so hot. I have never had a woman talk to me that way. So slutty and raw. I was so stunned I forgot to rub my aching cock!" He said laughing.
"Well, there is more where that came from. I will be happy to do a repeat performance any time baby!" Angela said beckoning Jack to kiss her.
They French kissed for a few minutes and headed to bed.
They were both worn out by the late-night dancing and soon crawled into the tent to snuggle. Jack laid in the bed made by Angela and looked up at her as she stripped out of her clothes. She laid down next to him moving her bent leg across his. Her pussy was in contact with his hip and her breasts pressed up against his chest. She fit like a glove and purred as she moved in to get comfortable.
Jack looked down at her blonde head snuggled into his chest.
"Good night, Angela. I love you!" Jack whispered.
"I love you more Jack," Angela whispered back, hoping silently that it would not change tomorrow.
He wrapped his arms around her and before long they fell into a deep peaceful slumber.
Angela awoke with a start; Jack was still sound asleep. She had a disturbing dreams were the boys kept spying on her as she got fucked in many places. Rick was in every dream urging her on.
Her pussy was wet, and she felt ashamed but horny. She thought about masturbating, but then had a better idea. It had been a while since Jack ate her out to multiple orgasms and knew he did not love spitting out blonde pussy hair the whole time. She devised a plan.
Their tent was only a few feet from the water's edge, so she retrieved one of the folding chairs that was low to the ground and placed it in the clear water facing the tent flap opening. Then, still naked, she peeked around the rocks that hid their camping site to make sure no one was around. The closest camp site was only fifty feet away, but there was a steep uphill to their site with large rocks. Plus, most knew they were new love birds so they would keep their distance.
Still, it was risky but unconsciously that excited her.
She made coffee and riffled through Jack's 4Runner kit until she found a pair of scissors. Knowing Jack, they would be a good pair and very sharp.
Next, she grabbed some of his shaving cream and one of his razors. She was ready.
She tied back the tent flaps and set the fresh, steaming cup of coffee, close to him on the little bed table she had set up. She looked down at him and smiled.
"Get ready dear for a wake up you will not soon forget!" Angela thought as she carefully snuck back outside.
She sat down in the chair. The seat was just below the surface of the water and just lapped up against her pussy as she spread her legs open, hooking them over each arm and waited.
She played with her pussy and teased her nipples as she looked at Jack sleeping.
Jack began to move in the bed as the smell of the fresh coffee fill the tent. He moved his hand over to where he thought Angela should be and opened his eyes to find her.
"Over here baby!" Angela said.
I took a second for him to clear his eyes. He thought he was still dreaming.
Right outside the tent sat Angela on a chair in the lake. Her blonde pussy and tits on full display. She smiled at him while pulling her nipples and fingering her clit in little circles.
"Holy shit! You look like a goddess from the sea!" Jack finally said as he sat up staring. His cock instantly hardened. He started to get out of bed, but she stopped him.
"Wait baby! You said you liked me masturbating, well I figured why not now. Get the extra pillows and make yourself comfortable in there while I put on a little show for you. How does that sound?" She said in a sultry voice while working her inner and outer pussy lips in circles with the flats of her fingers.
Jack needed no further encouragement and piled the pillow so he could sit upright. Angela laughed at the speed he moved to get ready.
"Well, I guess that is a big yes, but before the show, I thought I would take care of something first," Angela said as she picked up a pair of scissors and held them up for Jack to see.
He was still not fully awake and had a confused look on his face.
"I want to shave my pussy for you silly. I know last time you kept spitting out hairs. You are too goddam good at eating pussy for it to have hair. Can I Jack, please?" Angela said pointing to her now very wet pussy.
"Definitely, but I like your golden blonde pussy baby." Jack protested as he drank coffee trying to wake up as fast as he could.
"You are in control baby. I am glad you like it Jack I really am, but I figure it's only the hair down below that really matters. I will do whatever you want. Just tell me," she said in a matter-of-fact way snipping the scissors open and closed in the air.
Jack laughed.
"Ok, ok you win," Jack said.
"Good, so all the hair above my clit hood stays, correct?" Angela said spreading her clit open to expose her hard little nub. Jack drooled at the sight as he stroked his cock.
"Make it an inch above so my tongue can lap it up without a problem. Then yes, all the hair above, but I want it trimmed to a uniform length. Then shave all around it, so it's nice an even on all sides please," Jack said getting into this now sitting up and rubbing the crown of his cock. He wanted this to be a slow burn and not stroke it too much. He would need his stamina on this one.
"Yes sir! So along here on top and then the sides to here?" She said moving her finger around her pubic bone to outline the suggested patch of pussy hair.
"Perfect, yes sweety and thank you for this. I can't remember a better wakeup call!" Jack said now cupping his balls and slowly stroking his rock-hard cock.
"It's the least I can do baby. Ok, now sit back can keep stroking that amazing fuck stick while your girl shaves for you!" Angela said.
"Is this a good length for my pussy hair Jack?" Angela said holding a bit of wispy golden hair between her fingers to show the potential final length.
"A little shorter...that's it, perfect!" Jack said as she moved her fingers lower.
"I have never shaved for anyone Jack, just to let you know," Angela said in a casual voice as she moved around her pussy clipping all the hair on her pubic bone to a uniform length. Jack noted how careful she was, keeping all the hair at an even length.
"I feel honored baby, thank you!" Jack said taking a few more sips of his coffee while lightly stroking his cock.
She moved her head this way and that, to check the length several times before she was finished. Soon she was done and moved her fingers through her thin blonde pussy hair performing a final check.
"That looks perfect baby. Nice fucking job!" Jack said thoroughly enjoying the sexy scene playing out before him.
"I am glad. I tried to make it perfect for you. It's your pussy after all! Now I am going to spend time clipping all the rest of the hair below. Is that, ok?" She asked innocently pulling the hair attached to her outer pussy lips, so they opened her wet hole. She knew exactly what she was doing and gave him a big smile.
"You have my permission!" Jack said cupping his balls and grunting as he worked his shaft with his other hand.
Angela looked up at him for a time stroking his amazing cock.
"Sometimes I wish I had a cock to stroke. It seems so sensitive and easy to get yourself off," Angela said.
"It is, but it takes a beauty like you to bring out the best in it!" He said.
"I bet you say that to all the girls who shave their pussy in front of you!" Angela said as she began to clip her lower pussy hair.
Jack just laughed and kept looking at her delicate fingers holding out chunks of pussy hair to clip. She moved quickly and efficiently. Soon she was ready to shave. She sat back in her chair pulling her nipples and rubbing her clit.
"Man, this is getting me horny! Can I jerk off for a bit before I shave baby?" She said rubbing her clit harder in littles circles.
"Go ahead but no cuming for either of us. I want a slow build up for both. It will be fantastic in the end!" Jack said.
"Darn! I will hold off. I better leave my clit alone then. I'll just rub around my clit hood for a bit. Tell me Jack, tell me something raw and sexy about me!" Angela said with a look of pure lust on her face.
"You are a fucking sex god Angela, with the tightest pussy and largest, most perfect breasts. You suck cock like a fucking vacuum and fuck like you are trying to win a gold medal. The time on the ridge Angela, when I was plowing that perfect cunt of yours! Remember Angela?" Jack said as he pumped his cock with full strokes.
"How the fuck could I forget that huge cock splitting me open baby. You fucked me so well. You can plow me anytime baby. Just ask and I will throat you and fuck you until you can't breathe."
She said as she suddenly pulled her hands away.
Jack stopped also.
"Fuck! Almost came, sorry. Phew, almost too much!" Angela said.
"Time to shave, I guess," Jack said.
"You got that right. It will help me cool down a bit. First let me check around again to make sure no one is about," she said, getting up and walking away so quickly, Jack did not have time to tell her to at least put a shirt on.
She came back into view with a fresh cup of coffee. Jack reached up her legs as she bent over and ran his hand over her trimmed pussy.
"Is it ok? Let me know!" She said as she knelt on her knees and spread them to give Jack better access.
"It's a perfect pussy baby.
"It's your perfect pussy Jack. Don't ever forget that!" Angela said looking intently at Jack to make sure he understood.
He cupped her pussy mound and ran his finger along her wet slit.
"Put a finger inside me Jack and feel how fucking wet I am for you!" Angela said.
Jack slid a finger easily into her hole and she moaned. She ran her fingers through his hair and sighed as he worked her pussy with his hand.
"Ok...ok you better stop, before you drive me over the edge!" Angela said as she got up.
Jack pulled back his hand back soaking with pussy juice. He waited until she was back in her chair and then smelled his hand and sucked off the sweet nectar while looking right at her.
"That was hot baby!" Angela said as she reached for the can of shaving cream. She sprayed some in her hand and then applied it to her pussy lips and around the top of her pubic bone, then down the side.
"Oh man, this stuff is mentholated, I forgot, it really tingles!" Angela said as she started to wipe some of it off.
"Put some on your nipples," Jack said as he began again to stroke himself.
"God you are so bad, you know how sensitive they are." Angela said but applied some to each nipple.
"Holy shit! That feels better than on my pussy. Look how erect they are!" Angela said pinching each one in turn. They were both as erect as he had ever seen. Big, puffy and almost an inch long they stuck out like pointers.
"Beautiful! I may have you apply that stuff more often!" Jack teased.
"Only if you want me dripping all day long!" Angela said.
"Ok now for it. Let's shave some pussy!" Jack said.
Angela looked up smiling and then back down. She first grabbed both legs and moved them up toward her body to expose more of her pussy, so she could get to the lower parts.
Jack groaned as the new position exposed her asshole as well as her shaving creamed cunt.
"I thought you would like the view. I know someday I am going to have to let you in here," Angela said as she circled her anus then stuck the tip of her finger into her asshole.
"And before you ask, yes, I have taken it up the ass before, its' been a while though!" She said knowing the effect it would have on him as she slowly removed her finger.
"Jesus Christ baby! You are so...well fucking hell I love you!" Jack said at a loss for the correct words.
"I know you love me baby, but I love it when I do that to you!" Angela said smiling brightly.
She leaned forward and started to shave from the bottom of her wet pussy to right above her clit hood. She carefully shaved her sensitive lips and then the upper part to the side of her clit hood. Then she contorted herself to shave her ass crack clean. Jack looked on amazed as she meticulously shaved all the hair away. After a few minutes she rinsed her pussy and butt crack clean, then sat back with legs spread wide for Jack's viewing pleasure.
"Better!" She asked knowing the answer.
Jack looked at her shaved pussy. He could clearly see her lips and cleft now. She was fingering her clit hood looking at him. She did a great job with the patch of pussy hair above her clit. It formed a nicely shaved arching rectangle over her perfect mound. He was impressed.
"It's perfect, but I am so close to cuming, all I want to do is lick your clean-shaven pussy before I shoot my load!" Jack said as he only stroked lightly on his cock, not wanting to cum just yet.
"Your wish is my command! I bet you have a nice big load for me all ready!" She said as she got up off her chair. She came over as Jack laid down flat on the bed waiting for a shaved pussy to arrive.
"It's a little tender, just like my poor vagina, so please take it easy!" Angela said as she stood over him with her feet on each side of his head.
Jack looked up to see her pink pussy all cleanly shaved and ready for him. She knelt straddling his head and leaned forward toward his rock-hard cock, it was purple from all the blood engorging it.
She lowered her pussy down on his face, pressing her tits down on his abdomen, and swallowed his cock in one smooth, slow motion. Jack almost came right then.
"Oh, fuck that feels fantastic!" Jack said as he started to feast on her soaking womanhood.
Angela moaned from Jack's talented tongue as he kissed, licked and sucked her pussy with a ferocity of a madman, forgetting the tenderness from the shaving. It only hurried the result as she was as close to cuming as Jack.
"Oh fuck, I love your tongue! She said when she pulled her mouth off his pulsing dick.
She attacked his cock again. This time cupping his tight ball sack while sucking him slowly down until her throat was full of him.
She came on his face as her legs and butt shook. Soon she felt his shaft enlarge even more and deposit a load of cum into her stomach. She sucked up slowly and kissed all around his cock when she finally finished sucking him.
"Good morning!" She said as she swung her legs over and snuggled him.
"Good morning to you also! You sure know how to wake a guy!" Jack said with a smiling face covered in girl cum.
"Consider my pussy paid back baby. You can eat me anytime!" Angela said as she kissed him deeply.
They lay there in the post orgasmic afterglow for a while enjoying the warmth and feel of each other. Jack was the first to speak again.
"I think it's time to get moving. It must be past 9 by now," Jack said.
"Ya, but it's nice to just be here with you in our little snuggle palace. Can we just stay here all day!" Angela teased.
"I wish! Maybe we can take it easy this morning a while longer," Jack said.
"Really! Can we? I'll go make more coffee," Angela said.
She was glad to stay longer as it also gave the boys more time to get the hell out of camp. She did not know how much longer she could wait before she told Jack everything.
She considered not telling or not telling him everything, but soon dismissed the thought. She had to come clean, or it would eat at her.
It was around 10 before they came out of the tent. Angela had made breakfast and served it to Jack in bed.
While Angela cooked breakfast she ran down the slope to make sure the boys had indeed left.
To her relief they had gone.
"Thank sweety! That was the perfect morning all the way around!" Jack said as he finally got dressed.
Angela knew she had to tell Jack soon, but the day was long, and she felt to good right now to bring up the indiscretion with Rick and the boys.
End of Part 2
Please Vote and help me with the following questions please!
What will happen to Angela when she confesses?
Will she tell the truth to Jack?