I have often said that if I die in a car accident, it will be because my wife was suddenly distracted by a big bird while she was driving. I can be in mid-sentence, relating a significant thought to her, and she will interrupt to point out a bird!
Her fascination with birds, both large and small, has grown over the years and is the very reason that we found ourselves sitting, fairly well-hidden, watching an osprey feeding her young. This was not the first time we had witnessed this event. In fact, it was the seventh day in a row that we had hiked out along the path through the meadow filled with early spring wild flowers and into a hollow that we had discovered which pretty much concealed our presence. I had to admit that the osprey were, indeed, fascinating birds. I especially enjoyed watching them dive from the sky in the cove just beyond the nest as they hunted fish.
But my attention wandered from time to time, especially as I noted movement in the meadow. The previous day, I was treated to the sight of a doe and her two young fawns, oblivious to the fact that we sat barely twenty yards from where they were grazing.
For the first time in the week, however, I spotted other people. My wife's attention was on the birds, but I watched as a couple about our own ages slowly walked along the path. The woman was carrying a picnic basket, and the man had a blanket rolled under his arm.
As they grew near, I nudged her and quietly asked if we should let them know that we were there. She thought that it might scare the birds and preferred to sit quietly and let them pass by.
I agreed, but monitored their progress, ready to call out if I felt that they might in any way encroach upon the osprey's territory. It was quite a surprise when they slowed and stopped at the very spot where I had observed the deer the previous day. The man surveyed his surroundings and then told his wife that it looked like the perfect spot. He spread the blanket, and the two of them sat down.
The woman reached into her basket and produced sandwiches and chips, and what appeared to be lemonade. She pulled out a very small insulated bag and dropped ice cubes from it into cups and then proceeded to pour the lemonade. They appeared to be in no rush, talking and pointing out wild flowers between bites of their sandwiches.
It dawned on me that it would be rather awkward if they happened to learn that we were within earshot, but I figured that they were nearly done and would soon be on their way, never the wiser that their picnic had been observed.
I could not have been more wrong. I had turned to look at the osprey for only a few seconds when motion in the meadow drew my attention back to the couple. I watched in complete astonishment as the woman began to unbutton her blouse. She was smiling at the man, now speaking so softly that there was not the slightest chance that I could hear what she was saying, but then I did not need to.
I nudged my wife and put my finger to my lips as she turned to observe, just as the woman undid her last button, allowing her blouse to fall open, revealing well rounded breasts, unrestrained, free and natural.
My wife returned her gaze to the bird, but soon was looking in the direction of the couple again. I chuckled to myself, thinking that she had obviously found a new distraction. We both watched as the woman shrugged the blouse from her shoulders and let it fall to the blanket. She then reached into her cup of lemonade and picked out an ice cube which she then brought to her nipple. She looked into the man's eyes and smiled as she rubbed her nipple with the ice cube in a circular fashion. Although we could not see the detail, it took very little imagination to visualize what was happening, her nipple growing hard as a result of the icy stimulation.
It was also obvious that the man was stimulated as well. We watched as he leaned over to lick the icy cold nipple, and then readjusted his body so that he could take it in his mouth. After nibbling and sucking for a short time, he pulled back and unbuttoned his shirt and then rolled on his back and slid off his pants and underwear. He was naked, lying on the blanket, and we watched as the woman leaned over and gently caressed his cock.
It was easy to see that he responded favorably in just a short moment or two. He was hard, and she wasted no time as she began to lick the tip, swirling her tongue around the top and then licking lengthwise.
It appeared as though she was truly enjoying the feel of having her lover's cock in her mouth. I could only speculate upon her motivation. Was it a matter of being driven by her own lust or was it the result of a desire to please her lover. Perhaps it was a mixture of both, but there was no doubt that she was not simply going through the motions. She was making love to his cock with her mouth and her tongue, and it was a beautiful sight.
By this time, the osprey was a distant 2nd in terms of interest for my wife. She sat next to me, her eyes glued to the action that was unfolding in front of us. Her body was so close that I could feel the extra heat that she was generating, and I could hear her breath catch periodically. In short, she was getting turned on. This wasn't porn on the computer, this was an actual couple, having sex just twenty yards away from us, totally oblivious to the fact that we were there.
The man rolled on his back, his cock sticking straight up in the air. The woman scooted out of her shorts and slid her panties down her legs and then sat on top of him, reaching behind her with a hand to grasp his cock and guide it into her. She must have been wet, because they did not pause to apply lube, and he slid right in. We watched as she began to ride him, and we could hear low moans, both male and female. It was obvious that their chemistry and timing were in synch.
Watching her slide up and down his cock was especially hot. He began to emit a low growl as he so obviously reached the crest of an intense orgasm, his hips bucking up against her as she continued to ride up and down. He grabbed her hips and pulled himself deeper. And then his arms flopped to his sides as the tidal wave subsided. I glanced over at my wife and noticed that her hand was pressing against her crotch. She was totally turned on by what we were seeing.
I turned again to focus on the couple. She had turned and was now sitting facing us. She spread her legs and leaned back. Obviously she was inviting him to go down on her. I was nearly compelled to shout out some support as he quickly moved his body position so that he could comfortably taste her fruit, but, of course, that simply would lacked a certain decorum, and I refrained.
When I again turned towards my wife, I was surprised to see her cupping her breast through her blouse. I find this to easily be one of the most erotic things to observe, a woman fondling her own breast. I wondered if, in her mind, she was actually caressing the breast of the woman whom we were observing, something that we have fantasized about repeatedly, but this was not a time for asking questions. It was a time for observing.
We watching as he laid down between her legs and began to kiss her lips, so intimate, so erotic. I must admit that I was wishing that we had a much better view at this point. I was wondering just what her lips looked like, what she tasted like.
I was lost in this thought when I felt motion next to me. My wife was removing her shorts. I watched as she slid them under her ass, and then turned to me and asked me to do the same for her. There was a note of desperation in her voice. We had watched porn together, and I knew that it tended to get her turned on faster than our typical routine, but this was for real. It wasn't porn, it was two actual lovers sharing the type of intimacy that we had never seen with our own eyes, and it clearly made my wife incredibly hot.
It was a a true act of love, to turn my back on two naked people having sex in front of me, but how wonderful to be given the opportunity to go down on my wife when she happened to be in the middle of what likely was the most erotic experience in her life to date. As I snuggled into position I brushed against her panties and noted that they were damp. It came as no surprise then to find her lips glistening with dew. She reached down to pull them apart to reveal the inner sweetness. Her clit had already begun to enlarge.
Typically, oral sex is a fine line type of experience for me. Sometimes I perform better than others. My wife likes a light touch, with generally, just my tongue touched her pussy. She prefers that the rest of my face does not make contact as she often finds this to be distraction. You can imagine my surprise then when i felt both of her hands on the back of my head pulling me to her, and feeling her grind her body against my face. She let go a quiet moan of affirmation before moving her hands to her blouse. She unbuttoned quickly and reached inside to fondle her breasts. It was all I could do to concentrate on the flicking motion of my tongue. Her hips began to move, making the process that much more challenging. She looked at me, a misty, far off look in her eyes, and then her head dropped back, and I heard a guttural moan deep in her throat. Her entire midsection began to quiver, and i felt her thrusting against my face. I reached underneath her and cupped the cheeks of her ass, as I continued to flick her engorged clit.
The orgasm lasted at least a minute, perhaps even longer. When it was over, she was spent, almost as if she had had a seizure. Her rigid body relaxed, her breathing slowly returned to normal. She did not open her eyes. But her hands continued to caress my hair.
I turned to see our new acquaintances, just in time to watch as they pulled their clothes back on. I was dismayed.
As if she were reading my mind, my wife whispered, "I will make it up to you!"
We both sat up and watched as the couple organized their things and then got up, her with the basket, him with the rolled up blanket, but this time they were holding hands as they took the first step on their journey home. And then they paused and looked at one another, as if conferring. We watched as they turned and looked directly at us, smiled, and waved. And then they were off, and we watched in stunned silence as they disappeared around a bend in the path.