"You made it."
"I promised you didn't I?" Monica Gift met her friend Thea King at the door of her Father's Church. Thea was wearing a long chorus gown and nearly tripped over its hem as she hopped in glee clapping. Monica calmed her with a hug so tight they both nearly toppled to their side. Eyes all around her made Monica sweat. Ninety five percent of the congregation was African American. Not an issue to Monica but their looks at her relayed a different story. Luckily for Monica, Thea and her date Garrett were able to mentally convince everyone that Monica was their honored guest. Garrett specifically throwing his gigantic arms out to his sides with an expression of "WHAT?" Their judgment seemed to lead to a more relaxing demeanor. For now.
"Awkwarrrrd." Monica shivered until Garrett placed an arm on her shoulder with a caring grin.
"I got your back."
"I'm fine. I think they're warming up to me. At least the men are." She ribbed him lightly with her elbow, "Maybe it's my cleavage."
"Probably a little more sin that this church has seen in a good while." Thea sighs.
"Hey I could always wear one of those choir robes."
"Can you sing?"
Monica fidgets a bit before wincing. "Well...when I sing in the shower the water refuses to spray until I stop. That should give you a hint."
"Don't drain the baptismal well." Garrett chuckles.
"Ooooo! I've never been baptized. Wet t-shirt contest Thea?"
"There is no hope for your soul." Thea scowls, "My Daddy would throw the good book straight at you."
"As long as that book is Fifty Shades of Grey. Sort of Purgatory right?"
"Hopeless I say." Thea giggles.
"Braless too, oh Sister of the Braless Brigade." Monica reaches out to palm both of Thea's tits, "Wow! No bra. I'm soooo proud of you."
"Me too." Garrett blushes trying not to laugh. Thea pelts him with her knuckles accompanied by a deadly sneer, the second the gentle giant looked down at her he sighs, swatting at open air, "Is there a mosquito in here?"
"Landed right here." Monica swiftly slaps Thea on the butt. Thea in a panic looks to the ogling congregation.
"We go to school together. Trying to save her soul. Might need an exorcist." Thea in her ramble was sweating hard. Too many of her family members were watching. Some amused but others eager to pounce with Bible verses and hellfire. Monica was ready for anything. The evil within her knew she could get the men on her side with nothing but a wink or bending over. In her tight white dress with rose colored flowers printed on it, the satiny material tended to recede between her butt cheeks a bit more than it should. Not wearing underwear led to that guilty pleasure. At least the skirt of the dress almost touched her knees instead of her hips. That could have been scandalous.
"Come meet my Mother." Thea snatched up Monica's hand to lead her through the pews. Most of said seats were filling up rather quickly so stepping in front of people was necessary to get anywhere. At least Thea was polite in saying "Excuse me." multiple times. Monica would explore the faces of many men in passing. Some her age, others a bit older. Her friend Darius and his girlfriend Cheyenne sat together chuckling at Monica. Each person that she scooted in front of looked down at Monica's ass as she went by. A lot of closed eyes and mumbling lips were seen to be reciting, "Dear Lord..." with unheard prayers. Every guy here today was going to need repentance. Behind Darius and Chey sat his ex-girlfriend Thelma, she seemed overly amused by everyone. Including her own Father Morton who sat next to her.
"Who's the white girl?" Morton winced at his daughter with the most amazing hair extensions ever seen. Thelma knew how to get men to check her out as well. Hearing her Father take interest made Thelma hesitant.
"Monica Gift. We go to school together."
Darius turns in his pew to offer his two scents worth. Cheyenne fanning herself with a service pamphlet noticed that Darius seemed to want to look back quite a lot. Using Morton as an excuse to flirt with Thelma she surmised. Chey tried to keep an open mind.
"Crazy white chick Mort. The things that girl's done would make you wanna jump up and beg to save her soul." Darius chuckled then glances at Thelma's tits. Her eyes although amazing were slightly ignored. Thelma would settle for that, slut that she was. Even her Father knew that fact about her, yet defended her to the end.
"You think she might need some laying of hands?" Morton studied Monica's trek through the congregation at Thea's insistence.
"She would probably demand more than yours." Thelma snickered.
"You should offer that Mort." Darius grinned sharing his pearly whites like Nick Cannon in the house.
"Don't encourage my Daddy." Thelma hissed trying to relax her Father who was exerting too much effort in looking over Monica from a distance. His mouth was even watering. Who knew her Dad liked white girls? Thelma scowled with a cocked eye brow.
"No excuse. No excuse." Monica would repeat to those she passed to counter Thea's "Excuse me." Some laughed, others frowned, especially the wives and grandmothers. More than a few husbands were swatted for paying too much attention to Monica. Every eye she met made the girl confirm her theory that even in church men lusted. HARD!
Reaching her Mother up on stage with the other choir members Thea motioned her Mom to step down and meet her friend. "Momma this is my friend Monica. Monica this is my mom Queenie."
"It is very nice to meet you Monica."
"Likewise...Queenie King? I can see who wears the pants in the family." Monica chuckled then clammed up at the woman's scrutinizing glare. Uneasy Monica apologizes. "Sorry. I couldn't resist."
Suddenly both Thea and her Mom burst into laughter, "HONEY? YOU GOT THAT RIGHT." Queenie added. To her right another woman added her opinion with, "Lord have mercy. Child you need a shawl to cover...those." A careful point toward Monica's chest made Miss Gift lower her chin to view her own cleavage.
Thea to the rescue improvises with, "I talked Monica into joining the choir for the morning. She can sing beside me."
"Delightful." Queenie found pride in the moment, "Take her back to the wardrobe room and find a gown to fit her." Giggling Thea drags Monica along for the ride yet again. As they leave Queenie tells her sister Lola, "See? Not all white girls are without hope." A grim, "Mmhm!" from Lola led to disbelief.
"Oh my God! Thea I told you I can't sing."
"Just move your mouth I'll sing." Thea bubbles as they begin their search on the hangers for a gown to fit Monica's height. "Here try this one on." With a nervous wince toward Thea she begins to remove her dress. Thea bulges her eyes, "You wear it over your dress silly."
"Not if you're making me do this." Monica razzes her with an extended tongue.
"Monica this is a house of God. Please don't do this."
"Nobody is going to notice. The neckline touches our throat." Monica was pure evil today. Right there in the back room she unzipped her dress slipping it over her succulent curves in order to step out of it. Wearing only her heels she dares to dance in the open before Thea's covered eyes. While dancing holding her gown two young men a few years older than the girls stuck their heads into the opened doorway. Jaws dropped, the two African American charmers looked at each other before barging right in.
"Who's your friend Thea?"
Trembling at the sight of the two men Thea uncovers her eyes to see Monica holding the gown to her chest. At least she was covered. Twisting in step Monica turned her back to the boys offering them a full bare backside. They checked her out in style. Thea went ballistic forcing Monica to turn away from the boys. "STOP IT THIS INSTANT."
"We were all born nakie. What's the big deal?" Monica winked at the boys. Extending a hand to shake Monica nibbles her lower lip, "Hi. I'm Monica. Who are you two handsome devils?"
"Stop talking about the devil in my Father's church." Thea insisted stomping her foot.
"Hey Monica. I'm Dewain and this is Brandon." The boys both raise their hands at once. Knowing Monica too well Thea grabs the gown holding it in front of Monica's nudity as the brunette beauty lets the gown go in favor of using both of her hands to shake theirs. If Thea had not predicted her move the men would be drooling over a full frontal.
"Party pooper." Monica razzes her again.
"Daaaaaang! That's some bold shit." Dewain admits rubbing his chin's thin goatee.
"Watch your mouth Dewain Whittaker." Thea scolds him.
"You heard Thea." Monica grins sheepishly palming her tits behind Thea's cloak, "Watch where your mouth is."
"You should come sit with us later. We'll keep you company." Brandon straightens his tie smirking.
"Are you going to use that tie to tie my wrists together?" Monica was shameless. It took Thea to stomp on Monica's foot to halt her taunting.
"Owww! Now I might need carried to the choir stage." Monica chuckled at Thea.
"Hopeless. Why did I ever think I could save you?" Thea just drops the gown to the tile and marches out. The gown hitting the floor Monica looked torn between flirting harder or behaving to keep her friend happy.
Brandon bent over to pick the gown up while looking at Monica's sweetly shaven pubes on the way back up. "Nice. Here you better put this on. Don't let the Reverend see you like that."
"Thanks. I think I made a big mistake coming here today."
"Why?" Dewain narrowed his eyes checking out Monica's boastful nipples as she claimed the gown. "Because you're the only white chick in the church? A very hot white chick."
"No." Monica giggles while putting the gown on, quickly ruining their adventurous tour of her body. "I love Thea to death. She's sensitive and I just don't know when to stop teasing. I like being naked in public." Her eyes lower to their crotches seeing well formed tents. "I'll find you guys after I howl on stage with Thea. Just a heads up, not those heads." She slyly points toward their laps, "My singing will set your Rottweilers into a frenzy."
"I own a chihuahua?" Brandon tries to look serious.
Dewain only added to the unpredictable humor. "My Rott ate his chihuahua." Monica snorted then picked her dress up from the tile.
"Mind holding on to this until I come sit with you two studs?"
Brandon claims it and folds it up to hide beneath his suit jacket. From there Monica took a deep breath and marched out into the Nave. Locating Thea beside her Mother with a hesitant eye contact Monica shuffles toward Thea and offers a pouty embrace. Queenie and Lola admired their friendship with a bit more respect.
"Let's do this." Monica clears her throat and offers a "LA LA LA LA LA!" Queenie shakes her head at Lola at the awful voice. "Sorry I'm no Rihanna." Monica giggles, "Although I have a..." Again Thea intervenes with a sneer to shut up, her palm over Monica's lips gave her a pretty good clue. The elders merely scowled. Tough crowd.
Before the choir headed out to the stage Thea made it clear to Monica that she was having a nervous breakdown. Monica merely consoled her buddy the best she could by telling her she would visit her in the sanitarium. As if that helped.
Behind them a deep masculine voice stepped close placing an arm around the shoulders of both girls as he stood between them. "Good morning young Thea. Who might be your equally youthful friend here?"
Eyes raised to look back at the charming cad with a well groomed head of hair and a deadly white smile. Sharing in his grin Thea held her breath, "Good morning Deacon Flye. This is my friend Monica."
"A ravishing creature you are. Welcome to the house of God. My name's Deacon Opie Nathanial Flye. It is indeed a pleasure."
Monica snickers aloud, "Opie N. Flye. Open Flye. Dick in even." She cracks herself up. "Sorry."
"Occasionally. Yes indeed." He chuckles at her humor not even affecting the fact it was risqué in nature to be sexually speaking as they were in Church. He was an extremely seductive man who smelled entirely too good. Even in his fifty's he was in great shape. "Joining our choir I see."
"You guys might regret it." She laughs.
"An angel such as yourself? I truly doubt that. You hide your wings well my dear."
"Hiding a lot more than that." Monica snorts while Thea cringes.
"Do tell?" Deacon Flye beguiles her. Monica began to sweat beneath her gown. If not for Thea she might have shown him her secret. Monica Gift was having way too much fun at the expense of others. Not to mention her soul. Of course Monica wasn't sure about the whole religion thing anyway, never having been forced to attend any denomination. She would repent later in life. For now, the Devil made her do it.
"Forgive us Deacon Flye, " Thea pulled Monica away from his grasp, "I need to introduce her to my Dad before services begin."
"Of course. I look forward to your rendition of Bringing in the Sheep."
"HA!" Monica busts up, "Bringing in the sheepskin maybe."
Hearing her Deacon Flye clears his throat and adjusts his tie, "A wolf in sheep's clothing I see. Aooo!" He tries for a laugh fluttering his fingers toward her.
"Is that what these gowns are made of? Soooo itchy." Monica tugs at her collar smirking.
"WILL YOU BEHAVE?" Thea stomps on Monica's foot a second time this day, then points at the Deacon, "HOUSE OF GOD."
"You are so right Sweet Thea. Forgive me Monica. Perhaps we can chat further after the services."
"After the services about my services?" She wags her tongue.
"UGGGGGGGGGGH!" Thea yanks her along, away from the devious Deacon. "I knew you would do this. Why did I even think you could contain your lust. It is a sin you know?"
"Who was it that joined me in fucking some Teachers?"
"SHHHHHHHHH! Not so loud. Okay I'm lustful too. Let's just try not to let others know. I don't want to humiliate my Father. He is the Pastor."
"Is he cute?"
"Yes. STOP IT!"
"I'm teasing you already. Calm down."
"How can I calm down when you're taking the entire congregation to Hell with you? SUCCUBUS!"
"What does sucking on a bus have to do with now?" Monica looked puzzled.
"I give up."
"I plan on giving it up too. I knew you would come around."
"You're utterly hopeless." Thea concludes before noticing a new arrival out in the crowd, "My brother is here. DO NOT SEDUCE HIM. DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR?"
"Where is he?"
"The tall man in the sweater with glasses."
"He looks like Urkel from that old sitcom Family Matters."
"Did you do that?" Thea winces at her jest then busts up laughing, "That's what I call him too. Too funny. He does look like Urkel."
"I didn't even know you had a brother. What's his name?"
"Theo."
"Thea and Theo? Parents get drunk on communal wine?"
"Probably. He's in college. He knows your neighbor Kyle. They live in the same dorm."
"WHOA! You know I never did get back with that Dalton guy I met at the park. He goes there too. He invited me to a frat party sometime."
"PLEASE DON'T DO THAT. My brother is still a virgin. I'd like to keep him that way."
"Seriously? He's in college and a virgin? NO WAY."
"Look at him. He even does the Urkel dance in private. I've caught him when he thought he was alone."
"I'll leave him alone. I can't promise that when I visit the dorms though. You know I'll be getting nakie."
"Just avoid Theo like the plague over Egypt. He is the first born." Thea chuckles.
"Sacrifices must be made." Monica didn't even understand her own humor at that moment. It just sounded funny.
"Come on let's go say hi to my Father. Please...best behavior. He can't know anything about what we do at school. Definitely not you being nude under that gown."
"Secrets safe with me."
"Uh huh!" Thea was not prepared. Taking her hand she led Monica through the halls toward her Father's office. Reaching it Thea coldly points at her friend in one last cry for mercy. Monica pouts but offers a pat to Thea's butt. Encouragement enough. A knock on the door attracts attention.
"You may enter." Comes a deep manly voice, not so much different than that of Deacon Flye's tone. Thea took it upon herself to open the door and duck her head in.
"Daddy? Can I introduce you to someone real fast? I know you're practicing your sermon."
"Semen?" Monica barely whispers as Thea enters. Luckily it went unheard.
"Of course Thea. I have everything memorized. You should know that by now." He swivels in his desk chair to face them as Monica joins Thea inside. A warm vibrant smile exudes at Monica wearing a choir gown.
"Joining the choir on your first visit? Brave soul indeed." He stands tall leaving Monica to drop her jaw.
"Your Father is Denzel Washington?"
"High praise. I do share a resemblance." He chuckles extending a hand of friendship, "Pastor Abraham King, you are?"
"Monica Gift. I adore your daughter." Monica hugs Thea unexpectedly.
"As do I." Abraham smothers them both with a hug of his own. Thea couldn't breath being crushed between the two. All she could do was endure and flare her eyes. So unexpected. Rubbing Monica's back Abraham fidgets a moment. Surely the girl was wearing something beneath her gown. Shrugging off his intuition he welcomes Monica further. "Any friend of my beautiful daughter is a friend of mine. Brownie points for joining the choir."
"Like I've told others, don't blame me when the Voice judges don't turn."
"A lovely sense of humor. I hope you enjoy the sermon."
"Tasty I'm sure." She giggles. He merely overlooks her words.
"Theo made it." Thea breaks the tension.
"The boy finally set his alarm clock." He glances at his watch, "Speaking of time I should be joining the flock. Hopefully, Deacon Flye filled the baptismal well this time."
"I've never been baptized." Monica belts out without thinking. Thea bulges her eyes at the notion. Waving her hands nervously toward Monica her Father grins with conquest.
"Perhaps you might consider doing so. Cleanse your soul my child."
"Sure! I can do that. Ummm! What am I doing?" She had no clue.
"A dip in the baptismal well in accepting God into your life." He looked at her with pride.
"So I can get wet and not get into trouble for it?"
"Absolutely."
Abraham guides them toward the door without much effort. Once outside Abraham kisses his daughter on the forehead and takes his leave for the auditorium. The second he was out of hearing range Thea uses both hands to snatch up the front of Monica's gown. Losing it she growls as if possessed.
"ARE YOU INSANE?"
"What did I do?"
"You can't get baptized. You don't have a bra and the t-shirt that Father offers is white to symbolize purity of the soul."
"Ooooo! Wet t-shirt contest."
"This is going to be soooo bad. I love you but right now I really hate you."
"Relax. I'll just play dumb I'm good at that."
Hearing piano music Thea shakes her head out of defeat, "Come on we have to get up on stage. Please don't embarrass me."
Merging amongst the standing members of the choir they discover only two seats left. Of four rows on a three level stage they sit in the third tier. Behind them were boys. Go figure Thea rolled her eyes. Hearing their whispers about the hot white girl did not help. Monica ate it up. Sharing glances with them Thea realized that the boys that were holding Monica's dress had filled those lads behind them in. GREAT!
Song book in hand for Monica's benefit Thea concluded that it was pointless in sharing the source. She knew the words already. Monica would most likely change the words to fit her fanciful charade. Thea King tried not to smile. She knew this was going to be a travesty. All of her years of taking pride in her Father's shared message became fleeting with this beautiful temptress at her side. Sadly, Monica Gift had just that...the gift of likability. God help them all.
The songs led off with something cheerful and energetic, calling the congregation to clap along with the choirs enthusiasm. Thea's mom took charge with the song This Little Light of Mine. Monica had no clue how energetic until the choir backed her up. Catching her off guard she looked first to a grinning Thea then a fast study of those around her. With the boys behind her dancing along with everyone else she followed as best she could. The guys behind her weren't really singing or humming even. They were making crazy eye contacts with Monica. Knowing they were flirting Monica realized that with the people dancing in front of her that nobody could really witness any bold moves she might make. Slyly she bit her lower lip trying not to be obvious toward Thea as she decided on her mischief at hand. Reaching behind her she slowly lifts her choir gown until her bare ass came into view. It became a series of flashes at first making the boys salivate. If Thea so much as glanced peripherally Monica would drop her gown. The boys loved it.
As the song ended and another began it was even more crowd pleasing. Hooping and hollering to praise the Lord. Selfishly Monica went further still, hiking the gown to let them view her bottom but this time attempting a twerk. It was out of character but in the madness of the moment it was all she had. The boys behind her reached out to touch her. Feeling hands on her butt she shook it even harder. It was then that Thea busted her. A swat to Monica's arm made Miss Gift behave. The boys were impatiently unhappy with Thea.
Three more songs faded fast and the choir took their seats on the stage. At the pulpit Abraham King began his sermon by welcoming new visitors. Monica jumped up waving, her tits bouncing about in her vigor. Again Thea yanked her back into her seat before anyone spoke up. Laughter was a given. Even for Abraham who smiled and condoned her youthful exuberance with a loud "Praise Jesus". If he knew it was on purpose that might have been another story.
The Pastor's sermon started off simple discussing an important topic amongst we lowly humans. The sins of all things Lust. Monica instantly swallowed dryly and shivered. Thea had zero clue of her Father's sermon content until that very moment. Lust cut like a knife throughout the crowd.
Toward the back, even Darius Howard sitting with his girlfriend Cheyenne felt the need to remove his hand from her knee. She rolled her eyes at him. Glancing back at his ex girlfriend Thelma, Darius found her less willing to comply to the Pastor's words. A single finger teased her nipple through her dress as he viewed her. It took Thelma's father to turn Darius away. He went so far as to slap his daughter's hand which hovered over her breast. Thelma winced as his wrist grazed her other tit without intention. He was merely enforcing their good behavior in the house of God.
Sadly, Cheyenne sat unamused by her boyfriend's flirtation. She knew an erection when she saw one. It certainly wasn't due to her. Of course it was for Thelma, the two had a very sexual history throughout high school. Taming the Jock would never be easy. He did settle down as the sermon continued.
For the next thirty minutes Abraham King led a fire and brimstone speech on the sins of man. Monica felt cheated hearing that. What about the sins of women? She was a sinner. To her misfortune Monica Gift was proud of that fact. The poor girl had so very much to learn about right from wrong. Maybe when she reached her 30's. Until then...WOOHOO! There would be no amount of preaching that would calm this hellion. The question remained...how many followers would join her? The numbers right here in this building were adding up. Deaf ears Abe. Nice try. Sinner take all.
As she squirmed in her seat Monica felt Thea's hand holding hers for comfort. Appreciative Monica smiled and tried to keep her own faith. Thea knew her buddy was struggling. It would take more than her Father to purge the sin out of this girl.
While sweating it out Monica looks toward the back of the pews at the boys holding her dress captive. Seeing her look their way one of them cautiously lifts the dress to his nose sniffing her scent from it. That made Monica all the more soaked between her thighs. The observation was swift so as not to be caught. It was enough to stimulate Monica into a whirlwind of vile inspirations. Certainly unbecoming of the location.
Fidgety she looks around the auditorium and locates more drooling eyes. Was anybody even listening to the sermon? Even Deacon Flye sat using his handkerchief to dab his forehead of perspiration as he stared at Monica. That dabbing led to his lips. Poor guy. Monica loved it. As she sat there shivering with an intense rush, one of the boys behind her leaned forward and nuzzled her ear. She turned partially to face him but found a tongue licking her cheek. Offering an expression of awe she grins at his boldness. Rubbing her wet cheek on her gown she winks at him. He smugly glared at her with lips mouthing, "I want to fuck you."
Eyes flaring she nodded back her affirmation of feeling the same. It took Thea to scold the boy and literally grab Monica's chin and tilt her gaze forward. A threatening point toward her friend made Monica straighten up. How long that would last remained to be seen. All this reprieve did was give Monica time to visualize what might happen. In all reality sex in Church was not on her itinerary. She came here as a friend. She wanted to leave as a friend. Teasing maybe. Sex no. Of course, after Church might be a different story. Monica couldn't help but giggle and hide it.
Toward the end of the sermon Abraham asked his congregation if anyone needed to be prayed for. Thea points at Monica playfully and nudges her with her shoulder. Monica used both hands to point at herself. Further inspiration from Abraham called forth participants needing to be prayed over. The elderly came first and foremost. Watching Abraham and Deacon Flye joining forces to lay hands upon them in prayer made Monica nibble her lower lip. Should she? What would the Deacon do? Temptation forced Monica to swiftly abandon her seat and escape Thea's grasp. Racing behind the tiered stage she comes in on the Pastor's blindside just as they finish with an escorted away woman utilizing a walker. Looking impish toward the Deacon, Monica knelt on the steps before them. Abraham smiled brightly at his daughter's friend. Thinking her to be seeking the Lord was his first mistake. The second was to even lay hands on her.
Hearing the congregations verbal worship added to their own prayers Abraham crouches before Monica and places both hands on her head. Ordinarily, Monica knew that meant she might be face fucked therefore she leaned a bit forward before catching herself. Her mind was reeling with sexual thoughts. Once Deacon Flye added his hands to Monica's back she trembled, one on her shoulder blade, the other the lower part of her spine. Even in their sealed eyes the men felt a presence. More younger men flocked forward to join them. Hands on her ribs, arms, even her abdomen. Oh yeah! Monica loved the hands. Shaking like a leaf at their swarming Monica didn't even have to touch herself. Her hormones were spiking. So wrong. So very, very wrong. Only the Pastor maintained his thoughts on the real job at hand. The others just wanted to touch the white girl.
Toward the back Darius Howard had to get up and run for the restroom. Not to pee but to mask his laughter. Gift was too much. Cheyenne while amused hadn't noticed Thelma slip away. Her own prayers for Monica to stop this farce before things got further out of...hands left her with eyes closed to the world. Her mistake. Thelma's gain. That restroom led to a serious blowjob. Darius took it like a...Man.
Up front, once the prayers ended Monica was helped to her feet. Deacon Flye dared to let his palm caress her bottom while out of the field of direct view. Monica quaked and flared her eyes at him. Once consoled by Abraham, he suggested that the Deacon show Monica where to change for the baptism. Hearing of Monica's wish, the Deacon grew even more eager. With an assist from a few members of the congregation to remove the lid from the baptismal pool at the left of the stage, Abraham returned to final thoughts on the sermon at hand, before excusing himself to change clothes for the baptism. He requested the choir sing in his absence.
Seeing Opie Flye guide Monica back toward the changing rooms Thea burst from her seat, forcing her Mother and Auntie to share a concerned gaze during mid song. What in the world was going on? Their worry would come to haunt them. Regardless their songbird voices never missed a beat.
In passing the restrooms, Deacon Flye heard a loud male grunt coming from within. Concerned at first until he spots the door open and Thelma stepping out wiping her mouth on her wrist. Monica chuckled and gave her a thumbs up until she spotted Darius zipping up. OH BOY! Poor Cheyenne she thought. Mums the word. It did remind her however of her best friend Ryan's situation over his girlfriend April. Did April really suck off Brock Quinones without his son knowing it? Lipstick on his cock was certainly incriminating. Shaking her thoughts off as Deacon Flye scolded the couple leaving the restroom he zipped his lip. Exactly! So did Monica.
Thea emerging in the hall stopped cold at seeing Darius and Thelma. The expression on their faces made Thea sad. With a cold point back to their seats the couple left separately, Thea's scrutiny a force to be reckoned with for a 4'11 little lady. Once they had vacated the hall Thea stormed the Deacon.
"I'll get her ready to be baptized."
It then became a tug of war that the Deacon lost. He knew he had better get a grip on reality. Leaving her for Thea, he himself stepped into the restroom. Getting a grip on reality meant another bit of tug of war with his erection. DAMN IT WHITE GIRL. Even Thea called her by that term. Monica merely laughed it off.
"WILL YOU PLEASE STOP TURNING THE CONGREGATION ON?"
"I'm not really trying to." Monica was pushed into a supply room. There they found neatly folded t-shirts on a metal unit of shelves. Before procuring one Thea rolled her eyes at her friends lie.
"Really? You had my Dad lay hands on you. Five other men."
"They were only there for support."
"You weren't there to be prayed over. You were there to be preyed upon. KNOCK IT OFF."
"FINE! I'll turn down being baptized." Monica pouted.
"You can't. My Dad is preparing for it as we bicker. Just do it then get dressed. Promise me you won't do anything too..."
"Dirty?" She holds a now unfolded white t-shirt reading the front, before turning it to show Thea. It read, "Lest the filthy now come clean." Both girls let the words sink in before giggling. Disrobing Monica stood nude before Thea who found herself even admiring Monica's beauty. A playful slap to Thea's cheek turned her away. "Are you sure you don't need to be cleansed of your sins too?"
"SHUT UP!" Thea chuckled with her back now to Monica. Putting the shirt on Monica turned Thea for her approval. "Seriously? You chose a small size? How did you even get that over your shoulders?" Monica's entire lower half was still uncovered. Their laughter continued as Monica struggled to remove what she had strained to put on.
"A little help here. Not talking about your size Squirt." Monica snickers unable to effectively get the shirt over her head. Thea scowled tugging on the garment until it abandons Monica. Thea then selected a 3X tee that once worn crept down over Monica's knees, "Better?"
"Stop with the nipple hard on. You can't go out there dressed like this. Put three more shirts on. White is too see through."
"Try telling that to your Dad. He bought these right?"
"Good point. I'm going to have to have a talk with him about that." Thea found that revelation unsettling. She had worn these shirts herself. Of course she wore underwear and shorts. Monica didn't even have shorts, let alone underwear. After three shirts were donned Thea quickly grabbed a fourth and forced it upon Monica.
"Ooooo! Fourplay. You dirty girl. "Monica teased her friend. Thea merely grit her teeth and showed Monica a fist. A knock on the door by Deacon Flye changed the atmosphere to deadly serious. Thea pouted at Monica knowing this could go very badly. It took Monica to open the door and face the Deacon. "Time for me to get all wet for you Dickin Flye." Her seductive voice sent the Deacon shamelessly back to the bathroom. OH MY GOD indeed.
Thea walked Monica to the back of the pulpits secondary entry point. Hearing her Father now returned from changing clothes discuss baptisms, and what they meant made Thea take a deep breath before guiding Monica out on to the stage. Seeing their arrival Abraham sized up Monica's appearance. For the first time he realized just how scantily clad the girl was even in four t-shirts. He however presumed it was only her modesty to wear multiple shirts. The entire auditorium went silent to stare at her.
As the proverbial pin hit the floor like an atom bomb Monica waved at everyone. Kicking her pumps off beside the baptismal pool she playfully dipped a toe into the pool and feigned a cold chill. Thea hit her bicep to get her to stop. Throat cleared Abraham chose to embrace Monica's spunk.
"A lovely young lady ready to be cleansed of all sin and embrace the true adoration of our loving God."
Nodding playfully Monica bit her lip. Seeing the male population drooling like crazy only made her that much more ready to get transparent. As see through as four shirts allowed that is. Thea wanted to cry. Her emotions made her Father hug his daughter thinking her to be happy for her friends choice to be baptized. Pride always Abraham had practiced toward both of his children. In the crowd his son Theo finally took notice of Monica. He knew this girl. His friend Dalton had showed him pictures of her from the park. HELL YES. Theodore King had to break out his cell. The guys at his dorm were going to love this.
Her Father ushering Thea away, she returned to her seat in the choir, her Mother consoling Thea over her emotions. Not as naïve as Abraham the sisters knew better. Monica was trouble. Regardless neither would embarrass Abraham by objecting to the baptism. He would be very cross with them if they did. Outspoken the ladies may be, they respected the man.
However unconventional as it was, Abraham kicked his own shoes and socks off and did as Monica had by dipping a toe. With a "Brrrr!" that warranted laughter he eased down into the pool first. Wading with microphone in hand carefully, Abe finished his speech on the specifics of John the Baptist. By now Deacon Flye had made his way on to the stage to back up Abraham. Accepting his microphone to allow Abraham to call Monica down into the water, he held it extended so that Abraham could continue talking unrestrained by its hindrance.
Monica cautiously stepped down into the water her t-shirts riding up under her. Deacon Flye watched her skin reveal ever so slowly until Monica herself pushed the shirts down to avoid her lower half coming into full view. The white t-shirts absorbing water gradually clung to her belly. Even four shirts covering her the tint of flesh was evident, her tan assisting in its appearance. Abraham hadn't even noticed it. A good man wouldn't.
Asking Monica if she accepted God into her life she smiled and said GOD YES. Laughter filled a terrified auditorium. As Abraham ventured to dip Monica backwards he watched her submerge. Deacon Flye above them had to gnash his teeth once her chest went under. TITTIES! Even the thickness of four shirts could not hide the flesh. Nipples poked vibrantly up through the clinging shirts. Every curve revealed. It was then Abraham bulged his eyes.
"OH DEAR LORD." He was heard to say before looking up with an expression of disbelief. Held underwater too long Monica began thrashing a bit. In his shock Abraham hadn't realized his mistake and pulled her up. Gasping she choked and spit up water. Masking her semi nude body with his own, Abraham asked Deacon Flye to get her a towel. He did just that after passing the mic to a fellow parishioner on stage beside him. Towel raised and ready Monica crawled from the water into the Deacon's curious embrace. Wrapping her enough to let her claim the grip over her towel Opie stepped aside in favor of a second towel for Abraham. Monica took a deep breath looking up at the large cross mounted on the wall behind the pulpit. In a brazen move she drops her towel and then falls to her knees as if praying. Her entire backside was in view of the congregation. See through enough to gather both sighs and gasps of shock.
Theo King had caught it all on his cell cam. He chuckled until a man in the pew beside him leaned over saying, "Send me a copy of that video." Theo nodded and kept filming.
In a mad rush to cover Monica, Abraham insisted that she go backstage and dry off. Monica complied, but boldly turned to face the congregation on her way out. Towel unwrapped her full frontal exposed ever so briefly she yells to the Heavens, "I LOVE YOU." As if that would change the minds of those who objected her brazen attitude. GOD HAVE MERCY ON HER SOUL.
Her shoes in his hands she was led backstage by Deacon Flye, once he shuts the door the man chuckled, "Mighty fine."
"You liked that show didn't you Dickin Flye?" She removes the towel and tosses it at him to let him see her imprisoned flesh through skin tight white. His expression was priceless.
"You have no idea." He hisses and encourages her toward the storage room. Turning the corner his desires fell short as the two boys who kept Monica's dress stood there holding it for her. Deacon Flye turned pale having been cock blocked. Although his sexual aspirations were shattered by the involvement of the boys, she did however strip out of her four shirts and traded them for her towel. Letting all three of them watch her dry off nude until satisfied they had huge erections, she claims her dress and puts it back on. Deacon Flye held the sopping wet shirts as she fluttered her fingers at him on the way out. Holding the arms of both boys she steps into her pumps on the floor then shuffles away giggling. She had gotten away with murder.
Sitting out the rest of the service in the furthest pew with her boy toys, Monica was chided by Darius Howard. Cheyenne tried not to laugh but the whole debacle was just too hilarious. Even if her smiles led to daggers toward Thelma. Cheyenne suspected something had happened between her man and the skank. Eventually the truth would set her free.
Closing out the service Thea, now changed out of her robe rushes down to choke Monica from behind playfully.
"YOU ARE INSANE."
"I know. Isn't it great?"
Thelma's dad introduced himself charmingly until his daughter rolled her eyes pulling him away. "Not your type old man." Mort wasn't convinced, but let his daughter persuade him into leaving. He at least kissed Monica's hand.
Holding the arms of Dewain and Brandon for comfort, Thea lingering over her shoulder sighing heavily, "Here comes my Mom and Auntie. Please keep it clean."
As Queenie King and Lola Bright venture to Thea's side a scowl toward her led Thea to lower her gaze. Seeing disappointment in her daughters expression Queenie shakes her head. With a decidedly unexpected outcome Queenie congratulates Monica on her baptism. Patting the two boys on the shoulders, both Brandon and Dewain slide away from Monica. Feeling abandoned she folds her arms over her chest and pouts.
Lola frowns at the white girl leaning over her left shoulder, "Relax. As soon as we're gone the boys will move back. Word to the wise? Don't drag my niece into your world. You won't like how the axis gets tilted in our favor." Monica fidgets until the elders leave. Thea sighs and leans down to hug Monica from behind. They needed each other. Even during the embrace both Dewain and Brandon did indeed move in. In the pew in front of them plopped Thea's brother Theo. Introducing himself charmingly aiming for swagger the boy awaits acknowledgment.
Thea tilts her clingy gaze cheek to cheek with Monica for her response. With a wink both Monica and Thea recite, "DID HE DO THAT?" in nasally tones.
Urkel rolled his eyes and grabbed a bible from the pews hurling it at them. All in fun the group enjoyed the moment. Even Theo knew the end result. Rejection led to a practiced "HEE HEE HEE! SNORT SNORT!"
Maybe Family did matter.