Kymberly lay naked on the bed, her hands and arms thrown back above her head and her legs bent and open. She was just starting to recover from the excitement of her photo session with the hotel porter, not 15 minutes before.
She didn't have much time to lie there, because she had a dinner and convention to go to, and she had to get ready for them. Her husband, Robert, had just told her that he had more plans for her, but she had no idea what those plans were. She knew didn't have time to be getting naked with more hotel staff before she went to dinner.
Her thoughts were interrupted by still another ping coming from her phone lying next to her on the bed. She picked it up and looked at the message on it.
"It's time for you to open the box I sent," Robert texted her. "Is it on the bed with you?"
"Yes," she replied.
"Sit up on the bed with your legs apart, facing the window, and open the box now."
Kymberly sat up and spread her legs open and looked out the window again to see if anyone could see her. The late afternoon sun now was reflecting off the window of the room opposite hers, so it was impossible to tell if someone might be inside that room. If there was, they probably could see her if they were trying to.
She dimly recalled from the program materials that the convention guests, or at least most of them, were concentrated in this building of the hotel. So, the chances were good that even if someone was in the room across from her and could see her like this, that person probably wasn't connected with the convention. That eased her embarrassment and nervousness a little. Not entirely, but a little.
The box in her hand was made of sturdy cardboard; it was wrapped and taped carefully. When she opened it, she found it contained still more packages. She upended the box and the smaller packages spilled out on the bed.
The boxes were white and rectangular, and of different sizes. Each bore a printed label with a number on it. Kymberly marveled at her husband's meticulousness. He planned his kinky games with great care.
"Open package no. 1," Robert texted.
She picked up the package with the number 1 on it. It was a little bigger than the others. She shook it lightly and heard a few objects move inside it.
Kymberly peeled back the tape connecting the two halves of the box, and lifted the top half off.
The box contained three wireless remote cameras, and a piece of paper, folded over. She unfolded the paper, and it contained a map of her room, with three marked locations. No doubt about it, Robert knew the room.
"Place the cameras in the locations marked on the map, pointed in the direction indicated in the map, and plug them in and turn them on," he texted.
She stood up and did so. One camera was placed on a night stand next to the bed, pointed toward the window. Another was placed on the desk closer to the window, pointed across the room. The third was placed on the ledge of the window, pointed back into the room.
As she finished the task the next text came.
"Open package no. 2."
She opened it and found a slim laptop computer inside.
"Set it up on the desk, open and facing the window, without obscuring the camera. Press the on button, enter "hotwife" in the password prompt. When it's up, click on the square icon in the middle of the screen. Then follow the prompts on the screen."
Kymberly laughed to herself as she entered the password. Robert had never called her that before, and she had never thought of herself in those terms. A window popped up on the laptop screen and instructed her what to press. She keyed in the responses and stood back.
"Done," she texted him.
"Well done," he texted in reply a minute later. "The cameras are wirelessly connected to the laptop. They are now working. The laptop is connected to the hotel's internet network. I have remote control of the laptop. I can see you in one of the cameras now. I also can hear you via the microphone in the laptop. Impressive, huh?"
Kymberly thought it was impressive, but a little, well, strange. She knew Robert had voyeuristic habits, but this was taking his voyeurism to a new level. She felt flattered that he had gone to so much trouble to see her naked from different angles, but she felt nervous, too, that it would be harder than ever to escape his gaze as long as she was in the room and the cameras were set up.
"Did you do all this yourself?" she texted him.
"No," texted Robert. "I had help with Francois, my IT specialist."
"Does he know what this is for?" she texted him. She was worried that he shared their games with someone else.
"No," he texted. "I told him I wanted this for home security purposes. I think he believed me!"
That was a relief, Kymberly thought. She liked playing Robert's games, but she didn't know how she felt about other people being drawn into them.
She posed for the camera pointed at her from the window, putting her hands over her head.
"Do you like what you see, Robert?" she said out loud to herself as she posed.
She heard a quick ping in reply, so she looked at her phone.
"You bet I do, baby," he texted.
"You turned the microphone on," he texted. "I can hear what you say."
"I'm impressed!" she texted him. "Did Francois do that or did you set that up yourself?"
"I did. Surprise you, huh?"
"Yes. But I think what surprises me most is how many different angles you want to see me naked from."
Kymberly was sitting on the bed looking at the laptop, and she spread her legs open to give her husband an angle he would like.
"Baby, you look fantastic from every angle. And the night is young and there are more angles to come. There's more fun ahead."
"Are you going to tell me what they are?" she asked.
"Not yet. That would spoil the fun. In the meantime, I think you should prepare for the evening. You took materials to read, right?"
"I did," she said. "You know I like to be prepared. There are reading materials for the presentation and I brought some notes and things to read about some of my competitors."
"We both like to be prepared," he replied. "That's why we're peas in a pod. Well, go ahead and do that, but stay naked for me. I'll be watching you."
"Isn't that going to get boring for you?" she asked.
"No, not at all. Besides, I'm sitting in the den with my feet up and my favorite bourbon in one hand and the TV remote in my other hand in case you fail to entertain me. But I don't think I'm going to need the remote."
"I hope not, after all this effort. O.K., baby. I'm going to get to work."
Kymberly pulled a sheaf of papers out of her suitcase. On the top was a collection of stapled papers about the convention. It contained background reading for that night's presentation.
Kymberly always took care to be well-prepared for these conventions. She had to, if she wanted to be taken seriously. Her good looks invariably led many of the men she encountered -- and most of the people she encountered were men -- to assume her looks were her best feature, and her brains a distant second. She liked to impress her peers with her knowledge of the new drugs on the market. She knew her own company's products, and the products of its competitors, cold. At the last convention, an older executive from another company, a well-known sexist who was famous for his wandering hands, had tried to make her look bad at a table full of men after she had shot down his advances. He'd failed. She had known more about the topics he had raised than he had. After about ten minutes he had slunk away from the table with his half-finished scotch in his hand, and she had won two new customers.
Kymberly also had taken notes and saved web pages of competitors and potential customers to her laptop. She pulled it out and opened it in front of her on the bed and started reading.
It was a little odd to be studying seriously for the evening ahead while simultaneously lying nude in front of video cameras for her husband's entertainment, but Kymberly was enjoying the attention from her husband and didn't mind multi-tasking. She lay with her tummy on the bed, at a right angle to the laptop so Robert could see the full length of her as she lay on the bed. She kept her butt arched in the air and her legs up and crossed over each other. She wondered what Robert was doing. It was easy to imagine him in the den, because he liked to spend time there with a cocktail at his side and a book in his lap or a game on the television. It was hard to imagine him doing nothing but staring at her nude body on the bed, although she knew he did enjoy admiring her. She enjoyed the admiration.
Kymberly lay prone on the bed until she finished reading the materials. She texted Robert after closing her laptop.
"Time to get dressed. I suppose you have instructions about that too?"
He replied immediately. Amazing -- he was still paying attention.
"Yes, I do, darling. Pull out the red dress and the red lace bra and the black heels from the suitcase."
Kymberly noticed what was missing from his instructions.
"Aren't you leaving something out?" she texted him.
"No. No panties for you tonight."
"Robert," she replied. I can't go without panties to a convention full of my peers and potential customers. Be serious."
"I am serious. Yes, you can. The dress is long enough that you won't show anything if you are careful. Put it on and get dressed and you'll see."
Kymberly was torn. She had attended this convention for her job, not for Robert's titillation. She had work to do, people to schmooze, customers to win. It would take care and concentration.
But she did enjoy Robert's game -- she couldn't deny it. She enjoyed the thrill of the risk of exposure -- even if it was just a risk, not a reality. She liked thinking about Robert, hundreds of miles away, thinking about her, surrounded by her peers, panty-less and bare under the short dress.
It was a challenge. And Kymberly liked a challenge. She was good at doing two things at once. She decided she could do it.
She stood up and hooked the lacy bra on. Unlike the running bra she'd worn earlier in the day, this one didn't give a lot of support. But she wouldn't need it. Her breasts at 44 still were firm and perky, and the snug dress would help hold them in place.
She pulled the dress on after the bra was done. It was a red, form-fitting sheath, with a V-neck collar and sleeves that ended just below her elbows. It was short, ending a few inches above the knee, but not scandalously so, and she knew she could pull off the hem length with her toned, sculpted, and tanned legs, which would be left bare. She never had worn it in public before, but she had tried it on, and she knew the color set off perfectly her dark hair and eyes. It was sexy, but just modest enough to be acceptable at an event like this one. The cut and bold color of the dress would make her stand out, and she would get lots of attention. But that's what she wanted. And Robert wanted it even more than she did.
Kymberly thought about the combination of dress length and lack of panties. As Robert had said, the dress, though short, was long enough that she wouldn't expose herself if she took some care to avoid doing so. But it was short enough that she would have to take some care. She couldn't sit in a chair facing a room and let her legs open without running a significant risk of showing everything.
But that was Robert's objective, she knew -- to put her right on the edge and force her to be mindful of the risk the entire time she was among other people.
I'm up for your challenge, Robert, she thought.
She stepped into the black heels. Kymberly could navigate her way across a crowded room in four inch heels with ease.
She went to the bathroom to apply a light layer of makeup. Kymberly didn't need a lot of makeup, but just the right amount of foundation, mascara, and eye liner would complete the look she wanted. It took her only a few minutes.
She texted Robert again.
"I'm done, dear kinky husband."
"Not quite," he texted back. "There's one more thing to take care of."
"What do you mean?" she texted back. "I'm fully dressed and ready to go."
"No panties?" he texted.
"No panties," she replied.
"Then it's time to open the next package," he texted.
The next package -- she had forgotten about his packages, even though she hadn't finished opening them.
What now? She wondered.
She took up the next-numbered package lying on the bed. This one was smaller than the others.
She took the lid off, and she found a small purse made of glossy, black leather. The purse bulged a little; something was inside it. Before she could open the purse Robert's next text came.
"Don't open the purse yet. Take the purse with you to the convention. You can put your phone and room key in it when you need to. But do not remove or open what is inside it until I instruct you. OK?"
"Robert, what is this?" she texted him.
"You will find out later," he texted. "Just do as I say."
They mystery made Kymberly nervous. She already had agreed to go to the convention events this evening without panties, putting herself at some risk. Now Robert was throwing in a new element, and she didn't know what it was, or how it would affect her ability to strike the balance between doing her job tonight and playing Robert's games. She knew Robert was enjoying her nervousness.
"O.K.," she texted back. "I'm game. I'm ready to go now."
Dressed and made-up and ready, Kymberly tucked her room key into the little black purse. She wondered, again, what mysterious object Robert had put in it, and then she opened the door to the hallway. It was time for her to make her appearance.
The convention was to begin with a causal mixer on the patio behind the main building of the hotel. After an hour or so of cocktails and schmoozing the guests would move to the grand ballroom inside the hotel, where they would have dinner and listen to a few remarks by the convention chair, followed by a long speech by the president of one of the big drug companies.
Kymberly walked through open, outsized double doors to the patio. Already it was full of people and the buzz of dozens of conversations filled the air. The patio looked over the golf course, and beyond that a large lake filled the scene. The sun, getting ready to set soon, lay heavy and orange near the horizon and behind large trees. Filtered light cast a subdued golden glow over the patio.
As Kymberly walked onto the patio she noticed a mild breeze swirling around. She felt the air swirl under her dress and tickle her bare skin and pussy. The breeze played a little with the hem of her dress, lifting it just a little and exposing a little more thigh, but she wasn't too worried about it showing something she didn't want to show because of the way the dress hugged her body. Still, she would have to be mindful of the wind on the patio.
A jazz trio was playing -- she thought she recognized a Miles Davis song. She searched for the bar, found it, and walked to it. Blaine, the man she met in the gym, was standing there getting his drink.
"Hey, Kymberly," he said when he saw her approaching. His face lit up when he saw her.
She would have to be careful about Blaine, she thought. The way he looked at her made Kymberly think of a puppy salivating over a new toy.
"Good workout this afternoon, huh?" he asked her.
"It was," she said. "I worked up quite a sweat. I don't usually get that sweaty from a gym workout but today I was just covered in it."
That seemed to get a reaction from Blaine. Kymberly noticed he went quiet for a moment and she could tell he was picturing her body layered in a fine film of sweat. Sometimes men are so easy, she thought.
Kymberly scanned the crowd. She could small talk with ease, but she was at the convention to win business, not just to chat. There was one big fish in particular she was hoping to catch -- Samuel Lee, the owner of a chain of medical clinics in Texas. Lee was in his late 60s, but he was known to have an eye for pretty, younger women. Kymberly had worn her red dress to catch his eye, among others.
She saw him, about 50 feet away, surrounded by a group of people who appeared to be laughing at his jokes. It might not be easy to get his attention, Kymberly thought, but she had to try.
"Blaine, will you excuse me?" she said and weaved her way in as straight a line as she could through the thick crowd.
As she strode in long steps toward Samuel she became aware again of her bare sex under the short dress. The cooling sunset air felt delicious against her skin, but the tickle of it heightened her nervousness as well.
A man's hand bumped against her butt as she wended her way around the guests. She looked up but couldn't see whose hand it was, and she wondered if he could tell just from the contact by his hand that she wasn't wearing panties. The notion gave her a quick, delicious thrill. She hadn't exposed anything -- not yet, anyway -- but she felt exposed, and she knew the absence of panties would keep reminding her of the possibility of being exposed all evening.
Kymberly drew nearer to Samuel, and he looked up and away from those around him and saw her. He smiled slightly. Kymberly had met him once before, but it had been awhile and she wasn't sure he would remember her. But he had noticed her red dress, Kymberly thought, and he was trying to recall the name of the woman that went with it.
Having drawn his attention, Kymberly noticed with delight that Kristin, too, was approaching him, but was behind him and farther away. Kymberly's eyes connected with Kristin's, just for a moment. "I caught him this time, bitch," she thought. Kristin just glared back, and then pivoted and looked for other prey.
"It's Kymberly, right?" Samuel asked as she approached him, uncertainly. She saw his eyes do the usual semi-discreet sweep over her body, head to toe and back. She didn't mind.
"Yes, Kymberly Marsh, from Sintrell," she said. "It's nice to see you again, Mr. Lee."
"Please call me Samuel," he said with a smile. He ushered her into their group, which consisted of doctors and executives at the clinics he owned. They were obligated to laugh at his jokes, and they did, loudly, even when the jokes weren't funny. Samuel was a big talker, so it wasn't easy interjecting a word into the conversation, but Kymberly managed to do so with a story about her last trip to Texas. She was trying to find a way artfully to segue into the subject of her company's new drugs. As she was about to she heard a youthful male voice behind her.
"Would anyone care for some appetizers," the voice asked. A tray of skewed beef dumplings appeared off Kymberly's shoulder. Kymberly, along with others in Samuel's circle, reached for one, when she heard the waiter make a soft choking sound, like a stifled gasp. She looked him in the face.
It was the porter -- the one who had seen her naked in her room less than two hours earlier, the one who had taken a photo of her with her legs and pussy spread open. They looked at each other. His face remained impassive, but his eyes were wide and staring at her. Kymberly's face grew hot, suddenly, and she wondered if she was visibly flushing in front of her colleagues.
"Oh, Robert," she thought. "What have you gotten me into?" She was concentrating all her powers into winning the business of a new customer, and Robert's games were distracting her from her goal. It was a fun distraction -- she had to admit that -- but it was difficult to do her job and to play Robert's games at the same time. But, then, Robert knew that. His games were meant to challenge her. The challenge was part of the fun.
When the tray was cleared of dumplings, the waiter left, but not before casting a discreet, lusty glance at Kymberly as he walked away. Kymberly noticed his look, and she gave him a quick, ambiguous smile in return before he left them.
If she looked embarrassed, no one seemed to have noticed it, because Samuel was telling a joke, loudly, and everyone in the group was busy pretending it was funny. Somehow, Samuel's hand had found its way to the curve of Kymberly's lower back, not far above her rear. His touch gave Kymberly a new challenge to navigate. She didn't want him to think his hand had free rein to wander over her backside. But neither did she want to provoke or embarrass him. She wanted to get his business, after all. Fortunately, it was a predicament Kymberly had faced countless times before, one which she had learned to handle adeptly.
Before she had time to think about what to do about Samuel, her phone pinged again. Robert texted.
She put her hand on Samuel's shoulder and game him a grand, apologetic smile.
"Samuel, so sorry," she said. "It's my husband. Something going on at home. I have to reply to him."
"Family comes first," he said. "But I do hope you rejoin us when you're done."
"I will! Just a sec."
She stepped away from the group to see Robert's message. She shielded the phone with her hand. She didn't want anyone else to see what he texted.
"Where are you now?"
"On the hotel patio, schmoozing. Talking to a big potential customer."
"Good girl," he texted. "I'm sure you will before the convention is over. But I have some things for you to do."
"I'm busy right now," she texted back.
"You agreed to play the game. This is part of the game. You will have time to get business while playing the game, but it will not be easy. Are you quitting the game?"
That word. Quit. Robert knew that Kymberly hated to quit, that once she had accepted a challenge it was agony for her not to see it through. He knew the right buttons to push.
Kymberly didn't know what he was going to ask her to do, or how much it might interfere with her goals at the convention, but she knew that Robert knew how important her job was to her. She guessed that he wouldn't give her something to do that was impossible -- just very challenging. She hadn't quit one of his games before. She wasn't going to quit now.
"No, I'm not quitting," she texted.
"By the way," she added. "The porter who saw me naked is serving appetizers at the party. He just saw me. I bet you like that."
"I do. That's perfect," he texted. "I bet he liked imagining seeing you naked again. Maybe if everything goes right he will.
"Here's the next part of the game," he continued. "I'm going to give you three tasks to do. One by one. I will give you the task and a specific number of minutes to complete it and to text me before the time ends that you have done it. Got it?"
"Yes, I've got it," she texted him.
"Are you ready for your first task?" he texted.
She wasn't, really, but she wasn't going to let him know that. There was plenty of time to schmooze with the guests, so she might as well get started with Robert's games.
"Yes, I'm ready."
"O.K. Here's your first task. Within five minutes of receiving this text, take an upskirt photo of yourself, showing your bare pussy under the dress. You cannot go back to your room."
Kymberly stared at Robert's instruction. She wouldn't be able to make it back to her room in time, anyway, she thought. She looked up from her phone and scanned her surroundings. At least 200 people crowded the patio and spilled over into the surrounding grounds of the resort and hallways of the hotel. She wondered how she would take an upskirt photo in this crowd without anyone noticing.
"You have 4:30 left," he texted her.
The pressure of competition was on. Robert was not going to make this easy, but Kymberly was determined, somehow, to complete the task. She held the phone up to her ear so others nearby would think she was busy talking on the phone and not bother her. She scanned the patio for places to go. Standing in the crowd, there was no way to take the photo without people noticing, and she couldn't risk that happening. She moved quickly to the edge of the patio, looking for places where she could take the photo discreetly. She saw quickly that no place nearby was risk-free. She needed some cover, and a place where she would be out of sight for a few seconds.
At a far end of the patio, she spied a row of large terra cotta pots tufted with drooping, long-leaved plants. They stood, maybe, waist high, which might be high enough. She kept the phone to her ear, and stepped briskly toward the planters to give the impression she was looking for a quiet place to talk.
She heard another ping and looked at the phone screen.
"3:00 minutes. You better hurry."
This was hard enough without Robert pressuring her.
She reached the nearest planter. It was, perhaps, two feet wide. It came up to her waist, and the droopy plant spilling out of it would hide her up to her tummy. The rest of her would be uncovered. She looked around. There were people here and there, but not nearly as many as where she had stood two minutes ago, and no one that she recognized.
She thought about how she would complete the task. She would have to do it as quickly as possible to minimize the risk of being seen. It would be awkward trying to hold the phone under the dress and take a photo while standing, despite how short the dress was.
A man not 30 feet away caught her eye with an admiring look. Kymberly looked away quickly and looked at her phone to signal she was busy. Please, please, she thought, go away. Do not approach me. From the side of her vision she saw, thankfully, that he walked away.
"1:00," she saw on her phone.
She had to do this.
She scanned the area. No one was looking at her. No one stood to the side of her in the narrow space between the planters and the high bushes that marked the boundary of the patio. It was now or never.
She set the little purse between the leaves of the plant. She put the phone on its camera setting. She had to squat down a little to get the phone low enough below the hem of the dress. She put her left hand on the front hem of the dress and pulled it out and up just slightly.
She held the phone down under the hem of her dress, pointing the lens up and under the dress and between her bare legs. She looked down quickly to make sure the position and angle appeared to be correct, and she snapped the photo.
She pushed the short dress hem back into place and stepped away from the planter, hoping to give off an air that nothing unusual was going on. With little time left, she pulled up the photo on the phone screen and sent it to her kinky and expectant husband.
She waited for his reply.
Ping.
"17 seconds to spare. You cut it close. But nice job on the photo! Your cunt looks lovely. A little wet, too, I think."
The word "cunt" always sounded jarring to Kymberly, but Robert liked it, and he liked to shock her by using it to describe her in erotic moments like this one. Well, not like this one, she supposed. She'd never had a moment like this one.
For this moment, the word "cunt" seemed, somehow, appropriate.
Kymberly's heart was beating fast as she walked back to the center of the patio. She had a job to do. She thumbed a quick message to Robert as she walked.
"Can I have time to get work done now?"
"A little. I will text you soon with your next task."
I'm sure you will, she thought. She had to work quickly.
She could make out Samuel, just barely, still surrounded by his colleagues and admirers. She worked her way through the crowd to get back to him. Then she heard someone call her name nearby.
"Kymberly," a deep, baritone voice called to her.
A tall man with short, dark hair and blue eyes and a mustache was looking at her. She recognized him as the vice president of marketing of Teffler, one of her company's biggest competitors. She had only met him once -- at another event like this one a couple of years earlier -- but he was a man whose face you didn't easily forget. She remembered him having a forceful and direct manner, as well as striking good looks.
"It's Dan, right? Dan Orloff?" she asked him.
"Good memory. We met at the convention in Orlando two years ago."
"I remember," she said. "You were one of the speakers, and you were the only one who told a funny joke."
He laughed. "I'm glad to hear I got you to laugh. The jokes get stale at these things."
He looked at her very intently, like he was sizing her up. But not in just in a sexual way, Kymberly thought, although she could tell he was admiring her looks.
"How are things at Sintrell?" he asked.
"Well enough to keep me busy," she said. "My husband doesn't always like that I'm away on work a lot, but he appreciates having a working wife." Kymberly found it was useful often to mention that she had a husband to dampen the enthusiasm of potential male admirers just a little. It worked, most of the time.
"I'll bet he does," said Dan. "We're very busy at Teffler, too. We just unveiled a new line of products, and we don't seem to have enough people -- enough good people -- to sell them. We're looking to hire some good people." His eyes stared hard at her as he said it.
"Good people are hard to find in the sales business," she said. Kymberly was satisfied at Sintrell, but it never hurt to test one's value on the market. And Teffler was a big player -- bigger than Sintrell, and better-paying, too, from what she had heard.
"Don't I know it," he said. "We pay good people very well at Teffler. Maybe I can call you sometime and tell you some more about that."
"Maybe you can. And maybe I'll tell you about any marketing VP positions that open up at Sintrell."
He laughed at that. "Fair enough," he said. "We'll take this up later."
"See you, Dan," and she resumed walking toward Samuel. She was chagrined that she couldn't see him now. He had moved away. She saw another group of familiar faces, though, and moved toward it to schmooze. She approached the group with her shoulders back and head high. The embarrassment of taking the photo was behind her, and Dan's evident interest in hiring her left her feeling confident and desired. And, she had to admit, she felt sexy and slightly aroused in the tight, short red dress without panties.
She spent another 15 minutes circulating around the crowd, catching up with people she knew, and making connections with others she had met before. Then the phone pinged again.
"Ready?"
"No, not really," she replied. "Still doing my job."
"It must wait," he texted. "I have another job for you to do."
Here it comes, she thought.
"This job is a bit riskier," he texted.
Oh no, she thought. What was he going to ask her to do?
"For task number 2, you have to expose yourself to someone. You must make sure the person sees your pussy. To leave no doubt, and prove it to me, you must have that person take a photo of your pussy with your phone and text it to me. I will give you a little more time for this one -- 10 minutes."
"Robert, I can't do that! These are my work colleagues!"
"Then find someone who is not a colleague. But not the porter. It must be someone else.
"Better get started," he texted again. "You are down to 9:30."
There was no use arguing with him. He wouldn't relent. She must do it in the time he gave her, or quit. Quit. That word, again. She didn't want to quit, both because she loved a challenge and because she enjoyed the games, however much they pushed the boundary of what she thought was appropriate and interfered with her work.
She didn't have much time. She'd stuck to the rules so far and she would try to stick to them again. But how? It was one thing to take a quick, sneaky, upskirt selfie. It was another to hand her phone to a stranger and ask, "Would you take a photo of my pussy?"
But that's what she had to do.
She couldn't have someone involved in the convention take the photo. That was too risky; they might talk, and her reputation could be hurt. Who, then?
She looked to the double doors of the hotel. Maybe someone on the hotel staff could do it, she thought. But the corridors of the hotel would be very crowded right now, and it would be difficult in the time she had to find a discreet place where a maid or porter could take a photo of her. Plus, they would be working, and it might be difficult for them to stop what they were doing to help her.
She scanned her surroundings, turning her head around. She looked away from the hotel, out beyond the patio, toward the golf course.
The golf course.
The sun was setting, but a few golfers still were out on the course, finishing the last rounds of the day.
She thought furiously. The golfers weren't connected with the convention. If they were, they'd be on the patio, not on the course. They wouldn't know her, or know anyone else in her industry. And if she knew anything about the type of men who would be finishing a round of golf together at the end of the day at a vacation resort like this one, they would be more than happy to oblige the request of a pretty girl's request to snap a photo of her private parts.
It was the only option Kymberly could think of.
She ran-walked as quickly as she could on her high heels on the patio without tripping or calling too much attention to herself. She wasn't sure, exactly, where to go. The patio was elevated over the golf course, so much of the course was exposed to it, and she couldn't just walk out to the part of the course on view to the patio and start exposing herself to surprised golfers. She'd have to find an area that wasn't directly visible to the patio guests. The area off to the left seemed to fit her needs. There were steps that descended from the patio through some hedges, past which she was sure some now-obscured part of the course lay. She would have to take her chances there.
Scurrying toward the steps, she nearly crashed into Kristin, who appeared suddenly, holding a drink and accompanied by a thin, handsome blond man that Kymberly didn't recognize.
"Kymberly!" Kristin called out in her trademark high-schoolish, sing-song voice. "You're in an awful hurry! Is something the matter?" Kristin peered up at her taller rival with a look of feigned concern.
"No, not at all," said Kymberly, her mind scrambling for a plausible explanation. "Um . . . my . . . husband wanted me to take some photos of the golf course, so I'm heading that way to take them before the light dims." It wasn't a great excuse, but it would have to do.
"What a thoughtful wife!" Kristin exclaimed. "Kymberly, do you know Roger?" She pointed to her companion.
Roger motion to shake her hand, but Kymberly had no time. "We haven't met," she said. "Sorry but I have to move quickly to catch the light. I'll chat with you later."
"See you then," said Kristin, her lips pursed in mock sweetness. "Shall we go back to the party, Roger?"
Kymberly had no time to think of Kristin. She moved off the patio, down the steps, to a concrete path that winded through shrubbery toward the course.
"7:00" showed up on her phone. Not much time left.
She had never played the course and didn't know where to go, but the path took her toward what looked like the mid-point of a long fairway. She was in luck -- two golf carts were directly in front of her, and enough trees and shrubs lay around to obscure, more or less, whatever she did from anyone else's gaze.
When she looked at the people in the carts, though, her hopes fell. They were occupied by two older couples, perhaps around sixty years old, and the women had the look of women that would not approve of a woman who wanted to expose her genitals to their husbands.
She looked around her, desperately. Kymberly had a talent for keeping her cool under pressure, but the craziness of the challenge and the rapid expiration of time to do it were taking their toll on her. The combination of tension and running awkwardly in her heels were starting to make her sweat a little, as well.
She saw no other golfers in sight. Then, she did. She saw two carts moving slowly together up the middle of a fairway. But they were moving on another hole. To get there, she would have to cross the middle of the fairway in front of her, where the two older couples had just gone by her, and then she would have to cross through a thin line of trees to get to the other fairway. She would have to hurry, to ensure the carts didn't pass by before she got there. It was going to be a close thing.
She couldn't run across a golf course effectively in heels, so she shucked them off fast and held them together in the hand with her purse, the other hand holding her phone. She ran as fast as she could. Through the red dress was tight and confining, it also was short, giving her lean legs plenty of room to move and carry her quickly across the fairway.
She scampered across, aware of how crazy it was that she was doing this. I have to stop being so competitive, she thought. Maybe I should just quit. But she didn't want to. She was here, now, running already, and she might as well keep running. If she focused on the task before her she could ignore, a little bit, the risk she was taking, and its possible consequences for her career.
Suddenly a voice shouted "fore!" from somewhere on the hole, and without warning a golf ball bounced on the turf 20 feet in front of her. It startled her, but she had no time to stop. She turned her head from the direction of the shot and saw three golfers about 200 yards away. It was hard to tell from this distance, but it looked like they were raising their arms in the air and looking at her. She wasn't sure, but she thought she heard a voice, faint across the distance, say "Are you kidding me?"
She reached the trees. They were pine trees, and they must have dropped a lot of needles, because they pricked her bare feet with every step. Still, she didn't slow down, though she let out a few yelps on the way.
She cleared the trees and reached the destination fairway. The carts hadn't passed by her yet. She hadn't been able to see who was in the golf carts from her previous vantage point. Puffing and bent over, and out of breath and out of options, she hoped that it wasn't another pair of older couples. Or members of a church vestry. Or a youth group. Fortunately, it was none of those. The group consisted of three men, probably around her age, and they were talking loudly and laughing as they drove up the fairway to their balls.
They didn't see her. She would have to attract their attention.
"4:00" showed up on her phone. Damn, Robert! She thought.
She couldn't wait.
"Excuse me? Hello?" she called out.
That got their attention. She could see all three of them look turn toward her in unison, start to turn away, and then do a rapid and enthusiastic double take. The guy in the lead cart, who was alone, steered his cart sharply in her direction. The other two, in a cart behind his, followed. Ten seconds later -- she was counting the time to herself, now -- their carts were right in front of her.
"That's a funny golf outfit, miss," the man in the lead cart said to her with a wry smile.
"I'm not out here to play golf," she replied, trying to do so with whatever composure and flirtiness she could muster.
"Well, then, this is a funny place to be," he said, his smile widening. She was glad they didn't seem to mind being distracted from their game by a pretty girl in a short red dress.
"I have a favor to ask you gentlemen," she said, and she batted an eyelash or two at them. It seemed to have the required effect. The lead man got out of his cart and approached her.
"What can we do?" he asked. The other two were slower to respond, but they left their carts as well and followed him.
"3:00."
"This is an odd favor to ask, and I'm sorry to distract you from your game, but I don't have much time and you're the only ones who can help." Kymberly realized she was wasting time with explanations, and that time was running out, but she was having trouble asking what she needed to ask them.
"I'm happy to try to help, whatever it is," he said. He swept his arms around him in a broad gesture. "But we do have a round to finish, and the light's fading. What's up?"
She paused, and then sucked in a big breath to buck up her courage to say what she had to say.
"My husband, who is not here with me, has dared me to do something. And I need you to help me do it."
She could tell they didn't know what she was going to ask, but that they were keenly interested. They drew closer to her and didn't say anything, although the man in front made a soft gesture with his hand toward her that said, "Let's get on with it, then."
"I need you to take a picture of me," she said.
"2:00."
Stop it, Robert! she thought.
"That's no problem," said the man in front. "That's simple. Here, let me take your phone."
She approached him and handed him the phone.
"But there's one other thing," she said. Could she make herself say it? Yes, she could.
"I need to expose myself. I need to have you take a picture of me when I pull up my dress. Naked."
Kymberly had never seen three mouths drop open in unison more quickly and deeply than she did now.
"Seriously?" one of the guys in back spoke up for the first time.
"Seriously," she said. There, she had said it. Now she had to hurry.
"Can you help me?" she added, quickly.
"Sure, I guess so," said the man in front. A grin that defined "shit-eating" spread across his face.
"Let's do it over here," she said. Kymberly was mortified at the words that had just come out of her mouth, but she was thrilled, too, and now that she had said it she was eager to fulfill her end of the bargain. Her pussy tingled with pleasure and anticipation, too. As ridiculous and embarrassing as this task was, now that the deed had been named she wanted her pussy to be seen.
She skipped on polished toes to the lead man's golf cart and jumped into the empty seat on the driver's side. She turned and looked back at the three men. All three were staring at her bare knees, waiting, though she hadn't parted them yet.
"Are you ready?" she said to the man with her phone.
"Sure," he said, recovering his senses and holding up the phone in front of him. "Ready when you are."
She looked very quickly in every direction to see if anyone else could see them. She saw no one, and she could only barely make out the patio area, now some distance away and screened off by trees.
She tossed her purse and shoes lightly on the fairway grass. She parted her legs. "I seem to be parting my legs a lot today," she thought. She pulled the hem of her short dress up, so it was above her waist and her bare bottom was on the seat. She spread her legs as wide as she could in her awkward position, to make sure the camera would leave no doubt about her exposure and her fulfillment of the task.
She heard a soft ping coming from the phone and knew it was Robert's signal that only one minute remained.
The two men not holding the camera simultaneously said "Shit!" and "Holy fuck!" when her legs opened.
As evening drew closer the temperature fell, and a soft breeze now blew over the course and could be heard whistling faintly through the trees. The air currents, eddying and swirling, teased and tickled her labia, which were now damp with arousal and exertion. She savored the touch of the cool air on her skin, and she ate up the ravenous looks of the men standing and staring at her. She thought, momentarily, that she could just sit there, indefinitely, with their eyes on her, as evening came and the air cooled and the breeze stiffened and tickled her nether lips with growing vigor. If she sat there long enough, she might come, eventually, she thought.
But she didn't have time for that. Instead, she spoke up to keep things moving along.
"I know it's a nice view," she said. "But I'm running out of time. Can you take the photo?"
"Yes, ma'am," said the man with the phone. He pushed the button.
"Did it turn out O.K.?" she asked, her voice cracking a little with the tension.
He paused a little, then squinted at the phone, then a smile spread over the width of his face and he gave her a deep nod.
"I'll say. Hell yes, that turned out."
She sprang from the cart and sprinted toward him.
"Please, I need the phone," she pleaded.
He didn't pull it back but he didn't hand it to her immediately, either. The other two men were crowding around him to see the photo. "Can't we see first?" one of them said.
"Yes, but please wait because I have to send it to my husband," she said, the urgency rising in her voice.
She took hold of the phone and the man let her have it. Her fingers punched the screen in desperation to beat the clock. She heard a whoosh that confirmed that the text with her photo had been sent.
She clutched the phone, looking at it and waiting and hoping she'd beaten Robert's countdown.
He pinged her back.
"Damn, baby."
He pinged her again.
"That's better than I expected. There must be some happy golfers standing next to you right now. You did it with 7 seconds to spare. You like to cut it close."
She exhaled a big breath. She couldn't believe how wrapped up she had become in Robert's game, but she had.
"So --," she heard one of the men standing near her say. "Did you get it done? Whatever your husband wanted you to do?"
She looked away from her phone at the men with eyes shining with excitement and gratitude.
"Yes!" she said. "With seven seconds to spare. Thank you! And, gentlemen," she added. "I'm sorry I interrupted your game."
"Oh, don't be sorry on our account," said the man who'd taken her photo. "This was the highlight of our round, I assure you."
"That was the highlight of my golfing career," said one of the other two.
"Can we see the picture now?" one of them asked.
"Oh, of course!" she said. "That's the least I can do."
She pulled up the photo on her phone and turned the screen toward them so they could see the photo of her, displayed in all her glory on their golf cart.
"Damn, you are gorgeous," said one.
"Thanks," she said in a low voice. She held the phone and let them look more. They were in no hurry to stop looking.
Coming down from the high of completing the task, Kymberly became embarrassed again as she thought about what she had just asked these men to do and what she had let them see.
"Thank you, guys," she said. "I appreciate it. I know it was a crazy request. There was no one else to help me."
"Well, thank God there was no one else," said the leader. "My name's Chet, and that was something I'm not going to forget . . . ever."
"You're sweet," Kymberly said.
"How about one more picture, now that your thing with your husband is done?" one of the two in back asked.
"I don't know, guys, I need to get back to the party."
"I'm sure they miss you," said Chet. "But how about one quick one, with you and my buddies here."
"Guys, this was for my husband. I can't let you keep naked photos of me."
"That's too bad," said Chet. "I'll tell you what. I'll take a photo of you and the boys here next to the cart on your phone. You can decide later if you want to send it to us. Come on, you owe us that much for helping you out in a pinch."
"You did delay our golf game," said one of the other two with a laugh.
"O.K., but let's be quick," Kymberly said.
She walked back to the golf cart and sat in the same position as before in the seat. She hiked up her skirt, and Chet's buddies took a place on either side of her.
Kymberly was feeling naughty and emboldened by Robert's game and thought she'd take this a step further. It was a step Robert would not have anticipated, and she wondered how he would react to it.
"Why don't each of you boys hold on to one of my thighs, and spread my legs apart?" she suggested.
Her idea was a big hit. Each of them, standing to the side of her, got behind and held on to one of her thighs from behind. She felt two pairs of hands grab her thighs. One pair was soft and small, and took hold of her thigh chastely and near the knee. But the other pair was rougher and stronger, and grabbed her more tightly, close to her butt and the junction of her legs. The hand that was lower on her was no more than a couple of inches from the exposed damp gash in her middle, and she thought with excitement that it would take no more than a slight shift in her position to bring her dampness directly in contact with his rough, strong fingers.
While focusing on the touch of the two men holding her thighs, which were starting to tremble, she'd lost track of Chet. When she paid attention to him once again, he was busy snapping not just one but multiple photos of her.
She had to regain control of herself, and of the situation. She had a party to get back to, and she needed to do some more networking before Robert gave her another task.
"O.K., boys, that's enough," she said. The two that were holding her released their hands while Chet appeared to be busy scrolling through the photos he had taken. At least they were gentlemen, she thought. They weren't taking advantage of her.
She grabbed her shoes and purse, and reached out to take her phone back. After taking a last, longing look at the screen of Kymberly's phone, Chet handed it back to her.
"What's your name?" Chet asked.
"Kymberly," she said without hesitation. At this point, having revealed so much, she didn't care if they knew her name.
"A pretty name for a pretty lady," Chet said, and his friends nodded. "Kymberly, Chuck and Mario and I are going to be playing again tomorrow if you'd care to join us. I think it could be a very memorable round."
"I'm not much of a golfer, I'm afraid," she said.
"I'm sure that wouldn't matter one bit," said Chet. "Here's my card if you are interested. Oh, and you can text me at that number, too. Messages, photos, whatever." He handed her his card. Chet Dipensky. It said on the card that he had some sort of contracting business.
"Thanks," she said. "I have to run, guys. I hope you enjoy the rest of your round."
"See you later . . . Kymberly," said Chet.
She turned away from the three men and scurried back through the pine tree stand, the mat of pine needles pricking her feet again.
She hurried back to the patio and the party. The light dimmed as night drew near. She was determined to make some headway networking and schmoozing potential clients even while she vowed to complete Robert's one remaining task. "Then I'll be done for the night," she thought.
When she returned to the concrete path she put her shoes back on. She touched her finger to her skin; despite the gathering coolness of the evening a thin film of sweat lay over her skin. She wondered if people would notice, and, if so, what they would think she had been doing. They wouldn't be able to guess what she had been doing, that much was certain.
Back on the steps to the patio, which still was buzzing with conversation and brimming over with people, she gathered herself and squared her shoulders and walked back into the party. Outdoor lamps were lighting up around her to offset the evening gloom.
"Kymberly!" an unwanted voice rose above the din of the party. It was Kristin, again, with her new toy Roger still in tow. Their relationship had progressed, Kymberly could see, because Kristin was in front pushing through the crowd and he was following her carrying both of their drinks.
"Where have you been?" Kristin asked, her eyes darting over Kymberly but lingering on her exposed arms and cheeks. "You have a healthy glow about you. Are you just enjoying the party or is it from something else?" Her voice was light but her face shined with predatory purpose.
"I had to run back to my room for something," Kymberly said, thinking quickly. "But I ran back. Don't want to miss the party." Kristin said nothing but didn't look convinced.
After an awkward moment of silence Kymberly turned away from Kristin and her new friend. She went looking for Samuel. She didn't find him, but over the next fifteen minutes she worked her way into three conversations, told a few jokes, and connected with five possible new customers.
She was on a roll. And it wasn't just because she was on her game at the party. Completing the last two tasks had left her feeling confident, even a little drunk with exhilaration. She knew Robert's third challenge would come soon, and, far from dreading it, she looked forward to it.
In the meantime, though, she had a job to do, so she circulated around the crowd, doing her best to win friends and influence people.
At last, her phone pinged again.
"Hello darling. How are you doing?"
"I'm fine. Making lots of friends and doing business. And I learned something about a competitor."
"Sounds like you have been able to balance your work and my play with success," he texted. "I have just one more task for you. Are you ready?"
Kymberly had just removed herself from her last conversation. She had time to play again.
"Yes, I'm ready."
"Good. Then here is your last task. You will have 10 minutes to complete this one as well, starting from the moment I text the word GO. Here is your task: You must find a place somewhere on the hotel grounds, not in your room, and not in a bathroom or any other private room, and you must take off all your clothes and get naked, except your heels, and take a photo of yourself and send it to me. It can be outside, or inside the hotel, but if it's inside the hotel it must be in a public space. One other rule: it cannot be more than 200 feet from where other people are. So, you cannot run back in the dark onto the golf course and get naked. Finally, the photo must be a full body shot, so you will need to set it up at least ten feet from you and put it on a 10 second delay. GO."
Oh, Robert, she thought. How would she complete this task? His directions prevented her from choosing any of the places that she reasonably could expect to complete the task. Getting completely naked would be a lot riskier than taking an upskirt photo or pulling up her skirt for another person. She would be completely exposed and vulnerable for at least a few minutes while she removed her clothes and put them back on.
She surveyed the patio and its outdoor surroundings. People were everywhere, drinking, talking, spilling off the patio. There would be nowhere to get naked outside without going far away, and his instructions prevented her from doing that.
She turned the other way, toward the double doors of the hotel. There might be an out-of-the way corridor or alcove somewhere -- a place that was public, but not currently in use.
She saw Samuel out of the corner of her eye as she strode to the door. She knew she ought to have been schmoozing with him, but she was determined to see her husband's game through, regardless of the inconvenience. In the other direction, she Blaine, trying to catch her attention and moving slowly toward her through the crowd. She couldn't afford to let him catch her and slow her down, so she quickened her pace.
Once through the doors she headed left. The corridor was unfamiliar. She didn't know where it led, but she knew it led away from the party on the patio and away from the lobby. A sign on the wall to her left, adjacent to several large doors, read "Grand Ballroom." She pulled on one of the doors and it gave way. Inside lay a vast room with many tables covered and ready for dinner. It was where the main event was to take place. Hotel staff were setting the tables and sound crew were on the stage working on pieces of sound equipment. That room wouldn't do.
She walked further, and a small corridor opened on the right. She walked down it, looking for some empty, unused place that as near enough to other people to satisfy Robert's conditions. Kymberly found what looked like such a place -- a little alcove with a low table and a few chairs. No one was around. She stepped into it.
"8:00."
The clock was ticking. She didn't hear anyone or see anyone. Thinking this might be her only chance, she set her purse and phone on the ground and grabbed the hem of her red dress. She took a few deep breaths and prepared to pull it quickly up and off her.
Then she heard fast, heavy footsteps and voices, and three waiters walked by the corridor not 20 feet from her. She pulled the dress back down and took her hands off it before they saw her. She let out a fast puff of air.
That was close. People were coming and going along the corridor between the grand ballroom and elsewhere in the hotel, probably the kitchen. She couldn't undress there.
She left the alcove and hurried back to the corridor off which one entered the grand ballroom. Instead of returning along the corridor she hurried along the other way. She reached another set of doors, with the sign "Small Ballroom" next to them. Taking yet another deep breath, Kymberly pulled the door open as another ping announced the number "7:00" on her phone screen.
The door was open, but the room was only half lit, with a few overhead lights turned on but most of them off. The room was empty. Kymberly walked in.
This ballroom was like the other one, but a lot smaller. It was mostly empty. A few tables were scattered around, some with tablecloths spread over them, but they were not set for anything. A low stage perched at the far end of the room, and off to one side sat what looked like a portable bar about 10 feet long.
It was obvious that the room wasn't going to host any events that night. No one was in it, and there was no reason for anyone to enter it. But other people, walking the hallways and getting the other ballroom ready, were less than a hundred feet away. She had as good a chance of getting naked here and not getting discovered as anywhere else she could think of.
It would do. It would have to.
She walked deeper into the room, toward the tables and the bar and away from the doors.
"Where are you?" Robert texted.
"I'm in the small ballroom," she replied, still walking to the tables. She reached them and looked around, trying to figure out what was the best spot to take off her clothes.
The room was bare, and no part of it seemed to offer any more privacy than any other party.
"That should do perfectly," he replied. "Better get going."
"6:00."
She picked a spot on the side of a table opposite the doors, about twenty feet from the bar. Some of the tables were covered with linen cloths that extended most of the way to the ground, offering screen from the doors. She pulled a chair half way out and set her purse and phone on it. She remembered that Robert wanted her to keep her heels on. That left only the short dress and bra to remove.
Here goes nothing, she thought, and she pulled the dress off in a single grand sweep. She folded it once and set it on top of her purse on the chair. Then she reached behind her and unhooked the bra, and she tossed it atop the dress.
Kymberly now stood fully naked, save for her four-inch black leather heels, in a cavernous and half-lit ballroom. She was alone, but all the doors to the room were unlocked and could be opened at any time.
She wanted to work quickly and to get the task done so she could return to the patio. She picked the phone up from her chair and looked around for a good place to take the picture. She saw the bar. She could set the phone against its side, put it on time delay, and then sit naked 10 feet from the phone while her photo was taken. She'd be done in 30 seconds. This task wasn't going to be so hard, after all.
She walked to the bar and bent over, happy that her three tasks were nearly done and confident that this one would be completed in a minute.
Then she heard voices, and the heavy metallic sound of one of the doors being opened. Someone was coming in.
She had to hide, but where? She could run back to the table with her dress, but then she would be closer to the middle of the room, with almost no screen to hide her. And she might not even make it there. She could see light coming from outside the door as it opened.
She looked in the other direction, at the bar. It was set at a modest angle from the wall, with the end toward the doors closer to the wall than the end farther from them. If she rushed behind it she might not be seen.
She skittered, naked and on high heels, toward the bar, and ducked behind it just as voices announced two people coming through the door. Once behind the bar she ducked down under the bar top, put her back to the bar's inside edge, and tucked her legs closely to her chest to minimize the risk of being seen. Her breath sounded loud and fast to her, and she tried to stifle it without much success.
From her hiding spot behind the bar, Kymberly couldn't see the people who had entered the ball room. But she could hear them well. She heard two of them -- a man and a woman. They were giggling and talking in low, furtive voices. Suddenly the woman's voice burst out in laughter, and the man responded fast.
"Not so loud! We don't want anyone to hear us. Naughty girl."
"Oh, I'm a very naughty girl. You have no idea how naughty. But you'd like to find out, wouldn't you?"
Kymberly didn't recognize the man's voice at first, but she recognized the woman's. It was Kristin.
Shit, Kymberly swore quietly to herself. If Kristin finds me here my career is finished.
Fortunately for Kymberly, Kristin sounded focused on doing whatever it was she was doing with her boy toy Roger. She let out another loud laugh, this one almost a cackle.
At the same time Kymberly's phone pinged again.
"5:00."
"Damn," Kymberly swore to herself. It was just a soft tone, but in the cavernous ballroom, empty save for her vindictive arch-rival and her rival's paramour for the weekend, the ping sounded like the gong of a giant bell. She fingered the phone frantically to turn the volume off.
Kristin's laughter quieted down, and then Kymberly heard Kristin say words that made her skin grow cold.
"Did you hear something?" Kymberly heard Kristin say.
"No," Roger said. "I think you're just nervous being here with me. Don't worry. Nobody's going to come in. There's nothing scheduled here tonight. We have the ballroom to ourselves. Shall we dance?" He laughed lewdly.
Kymberly's heart beat fast. Only the flimsy faade of the makeshift bar hid her from Kristin's eyes. She wondered what Kristin was doing, where she was standing, what she was looking at.
Kymberly turned around very quietly. She didn't dare peak out from the side of the bar for fear of being seen, but maybe there was some other way to see what Kristin was doing. She saw a crack in the faade of the bar. It was no more than a quarter-inch wide, but it was enough to see through.
Kristin and Roger were standing in the middle of the room, about 20 feet away from and on the opposite side of the table at which Kymberly had left her dress and bra. Her clothes! If Kristin spotted Kymberly's clothes at the table, she'd know that Kymberly was in the room, she'd know that Kymberly was naked, and she'd find her, no doubt, within a minute.
Now, Kristin was standing up, Roger's arms around her and sweeping over her body. One of his hands was cupping Kristin's breast. His attention, and lips, were focused on Kristin's neck and cleavage. Kristin held her arms lightly around Roger, but her attention was on the room, not on Roger. She was scanning it, slowly, evidently still trying to find out if she really had heard something, and, if so, what the source of the noise had been.
"Roger, I don't know, I think I heard something," she said.
"It's your imagination, Kristin," Roger said. "You just don't want to get caught. You won't. Nobody's coming."
Kristin looked unsure. She pushed against Roger and disentangled herself from his embrace. She stepped away from him, now just a few paces away from the table where Kymberly had left her clothes. Through the crack Kymberly could see a part of the vivid red dress on the chair. Kristin couldn't see it, being on the opposite side of the table, but she was no more than 15 feet away from proof of Kymberly's nudity. Kymberly hardly could bear the tension.
"4:00."
No ping sounded this time, just a vibration, because Kymberly had turned off the volume. But it still buzzed, and though quieter than the tone before it still sounded unbearably noisy in the still, empty ballroom. Kymberly saw Kristin scrunch her eyes, as though she might have heard something but wasn't sure if she had. Kristin's eyes scanned the room while Roger reached out and tried to distract her with his hands. Kymberly saw Kristin's eyes sweep over, and then stop and focus on, the bar, and Kymberly pulled her face back from the crack a few inches for fear Kristin could see Kymberly. Kymberly held her breath. Then Kristin looked away. Kymberly pressed her eye closer to the crack again. She became aware, suddenly, of how cool the air in the room was. Goosebumps appeared on her skin, and she trembled slightly as she spied on her rival's actions.
"Baby, come over here," Roger said. He walked to the opposite side of the table at which Kymberly's clothes lay, and he pulled a chair out and sat down. He beckoned to Kristin.
"Give daddy a lap dance," he said.
Kristin stopped searching the room and smiled and swayed as she walked toward him. She turned around and sat down in his lap, her back to him. Roger reached around and cupped and kneaded Kristin's pert breasts.
"You're not my daddy," she said. "You're just a bad little boy. What would your wife say about what you're doing, you bad boy?"
"Probably the same thing your husband would say," he said. "Let's not think about them. Let's think about the way my hands feel on your tits. And the way your ass feels on my lap."
Kristin started grinding on his lap. "Mmmmmm. I like the way this feels. And I think I feel something else against my ass, something getting bigger and harder."
Oh, God, Kymberly thought. It was bad enough that she had to cower behind the bar, the seconds ticking away to the deadline for her to complete her task, in fear of being caught naked by her rival. It was even worse to have to watch Kristin cheating on her husband with Roger. Kymberly had heard stories about Kristin's willingness to use sex to promote her career, but she'd never seen evidence of it until now. Kymberly, herself, had never cheated on Robert, though she did show herself off a lot, usually with Robert's approval.
"3:00."
She was running out of time. Kristin and Roger were grinding away on the chair, their hands all over each other, and they weren't going anywhere. Kymberly would have to take a chance and take the photo somehow with them in the room, or time would run out and she would fail at the task.
Kristin or no Kristin, she wasn't going to let that happen.
She would wait just a little bit longer, hoping Kristin and Roger would leave before time ran out. It didn't seem likely, because Kristin had turned around in the chair and was now straddling Roger and devouring his face with her lips.
As crazy and risky as the situation was for Kymberly, it aroused her. Suspecting something, she reached a hand down and touched herself between her legs. Sure enough, her lips were fuller and wetter than before -- wet enough that she felt a trace of moisture coating the bare skin surrounding her pussy. She ran a single finger up from below her pussy, through the damp folds to the erect nub of her clitoris, which she began circling slowly with her fingertip. Her body convulsed suddenly at the slight touch, and she had to stifle a gasp. She had to stop, she realized, or Kristin would hear her and find her. Though her body craved more, she stopped and waited.
"2:00."
She stared intently through the crack. Roger and Kristin were going at it, bodies mashed and writhing together on the chair. Their sounds of their moaning and lips smacking filled the otherwise quiet room.
They were just loud enough that Kymberly decided she could take a chance. She had to, or time would run out.
She took her phone, and flipped the screen to the camera settings. Then she set it on a 10-second timer.
Now the question was: where and how to take the photo? She couldn't set the flash, or Kristin and Roger undoubtedly would see it. But that meant the photo likely would be dim. Robert hadn't insisted on a high-quality shot, just a full-body one, so she could fulfill the task with a grainy, poor-resolution photo. But the room already was poorly lit, and under the bar it was so dark that the picture might not come out at all. The only way to take the photo was to set the phone against the back of the bar and to scoot out from under the bar and sit against the wall, where her body would be lit dimly by a few overhead lights.
"1:00." She could wait no longer.
With the phone camera on its 10-second delay, Kymberly pushed the button to take the photo. She turned the phone around and set it against the back of the bar. Then she crawled on all fours, as quickly but as quietly as she could, to the wall. When she got there, she flipped around, her butt on the thin carpet and back against the cool plaster. From this angle and position, she was seated about nine feet from the phone, she guessed, and the bar wholly obscured Kristin and Roger, meaning they couldn't see her. She scooted a bit to the left, estimating where she would have to sit to be at just the right spot within the camera's view. She would only have one chance to get it right.
As the ten seconds were about to run out, Kymberly opened her legs, her fingers clasping the heels of her black shoes. It was a lewd and inviting position, and Robert would like it. She smiled, and then she heard the click of the photo being taken. It was quiet, and she hoped it was quiet enough that Kristin wouldn't hear it over the sounds of her making out with Roger. Kymberly quietly scurried back on all fours to the cover of the bar and eyed Kristin and Roger through the crack in the wall of the bar.
"Roger," Kristin said as she pulled back from him. "I thought I heard something again."
Shit, Kymberly thought. She had no time to worry about it. She had to send the photo to Robert. She looked at the photo; it wasn't great, but it was better than she expected. She was fully nude, open and on display, and her body lay fully within the frame of the photo. With a few quick movements of her fingers she texted the photo to her waiting husband as time ran out.
Then she looked back through the crack. Kristin was staring directly at the bar. Kymberly held her breath again and didn't move. She didn't think Kristin could see her -- yet -- but all her attention was focused in Kymberly's direction.
Kristin stood up off Roger's lap.
"Roger, I've got a funny feeling . . . "
"Kristin, you're hearing things. There's no one here. My lap is missing you."
Kristin walked, tentatively and slowly, away from Roger and toward the bar. She was to the side of the table now, and if she took two more big steps and turned to her left she would see Kymberly's dress on the chair.
Kymberly, still holding her breath, braced for the inevitable. Kristin would find her, and she would ruin her. She wouldn't put it past her to grab the dress and leave her, naked, with no option but to walk through the crowded halls of the hotel with no clothes on.
Kristin's slow walk to the bar was interrupted when a metallic clunk sounded on the other side of the room. One of the doors was being opened.
"Kristin!" Roger hissed at her. "Somebody's coming. Come on!"
Kristin turned toward the door, toward the source of the noise. Roger stood up. Both of them walked away from Kymberly, but they separated themselves, to do whatever they could to avoid the appearance of doing anything inappropriate. But the door didn't open. Whoever had started to open it had changed his mind.
Through the crack Kymberly saw Kristin and Roger look at each other and sigh with relief together.
"Roger, we better get out of here and back to the event," Kristin said. "Dinner will start before long."
"You're right," he said. "How about a rain check on that lap dance?"
"Only if you're a good boy."
"I thought you liked bad boys?" he asked.
"I like boys who are good at being bad," she said.
Kymberly saw the two of them walk back to the doors. Roger peered out of one of them, looked both ways, and that nodded at Kristin. Then they both left the room.
Kymberly slumped with relief behind the bar and began breathing normally again. That had been close.
She looked down at her phone. Robert had left a message, and with her focus on Kristin she hadn't even seen it when it had come in.
There were two texts from him.
"11 seconds to spare. You did it. Great photo. A bit blurry but I like the pose."
The second text had been sent one minute later:
"Hello?"
"I almost got caught thanks to your game," Kymberly texted Robert. "Couldn't reply. Will tell you about it later."
Kymberly staggered out from behind the bar. She felt spent. Her body shook with nervous exhaustion. To play Robert's game, she had put her career on the line. She'd risked everything for a few brief minutes of kinky pleasure.
But she enjoyed it as well. She felt alive, and her bare skin tingled with pleasure at the incongruity of her nudity alone in the vast, empty room. She braced herself against the chair holding her dress and bra, and she paused before putting them. She still was aroused, despite -- or maybe because of -- her near exposure. She put her hands between her legs, and her sex had grown wetter than before. She felt a rivulet of moisture beginning to trail down the skin of her inner thigh. Kymberly's arousal was growing. And she became aware that with all the games so far that day she'd gotten no relief.
She moved two fingers up and down between her legs over her bare, moist slit. In her state of arousal, she thought it would take no more than a few minutes to make herself come like that. Then she could go back to the party.
Robert texted again.
"What are you doing?"
"I'm wet. I thought I would give myself some relief after all the excitement.," she texted.
"Don't do that," he texted back. "It's not time. You need to move on to the party in a state of excitement. You cannot give yourself pleasure. Not yet. You need to get dressed now and get back to the party."
"Robert, you are driving me crazy," she texted him.
"But only in the best way, dear," he texted back.
"Are we done for the evening?" she texted.
"Oh no. Remember, you still haven't opened what's in your purse."
Shit, Kymberly thought. He was right. She had forgotten that her purse contained a mystery item she hadn't opened yet. Robert wanted her to take it with her to the convention dinner and speech that evening. There were more games to come.
She put the bra and dress on quickly and picked up her purse.
She opened the door gingerly. She saw people down the hallway, near the doors of the other ballroom, but she thought they were far enough away that they wouldn't see her if she entered the hallway quickly and quietly.
Kymberly left the small ballroom, dressed and ready for the evening's events. She strode down the hallway toward the crowd of people, smiling at having accomplished all of Robert's tasks.
She knew there was more fun to come.