Candi Palmer came home from work early. She had been sick to her stomach over the nerves caused by the night before. Tension escalated by the video's sent to her husband overseas. What would he think of them? Of her actions. Did she step over the line?
As her laptop fired up she hoped that his reply was waiting in her e-mail. Fearfully but hoping.
Her e-mail password opened her account and low and behold there was a reply. Candi had to get up and pace waving her hand at herself. A panic attack that faded fast.
Sitting down she opened the mail and read it.
"Hi, Beautiful! All I can say is, "That was awesome"! I'm glad you got Kevin's help. He just turned Eighteen but he's adult enough to handle this kind of situation. Hearing and seeing his friends was a surprise. I'll be honest here, I found that extra effort downright intoxicating. It looked like you enjoyed yourself. I'm glad. I'm proud of you, Candace. I Love you very much!"
"Video's like that have been what I was hoping for. I want you to make more. I have nothing over here but your letters and video. I'm miserable here in the desert. I'm so horny the camels are looking better than nothing."
"Ask Kev if he and his friends will help you make more movies for me. I trust you! I trust Kev. Take some chances for me. Be bold and sexy as hell. Make me feel you here in my arms. By the way, I jerked off 5 times watching that video. I see your love and return it with all my soul. Make me proud, Babygirl."
She closes her eyes at that moment and shivers, "Bolder? Oh, Damian! You make me crazy inside." She ponders her next move then types, "I live to make you proud of me. As much as it scares me I'll think of something to top that video. I'm glad you weren't mad at me for involving Kevin and his friends. I'll ask and see if I can get their help again. I love you Damian."
Clicking send with a kissing Smiley she closes her mail and picks up her cell phone. Dialing Kevin she awaits his pick up, "Kevin? It's Candi. Damian adored that video. He's not mad at all. As a matter of fact he wants more. Bolder than last night. If that's even possible. Will you and your friends help me think of something?"
She hears Kevin sigh, "We'll be there after practice."
Her thanks fall upon deaf ears. Kevin had been thinking of Candi all day. Unbeknownst to Kevin all of his friends had.
7:00 P.M.
Candi sat on her sofa wearing a pair of provocative white shorts and a lavender tank top, minus the bra. Her front door was open and waiting for the arrival. She fidgeted slightly until she heard shoes clattering up the wooden steps to her porch. Kevin opens the screen door and enters followed by Roger, Jesse, Victor, and two new members of his team, Andy and Brent. Swift introductions were made as Candi curled up nervously.
Kevin sat beside her, "Don't panic! I have your back. This is Andy and Brent. I included them to help you. Both are Eighteen." She nodded using her fingers to swipe the bangs from her blue eyes.
Six men sat around her, "I trust you. It's just jitters."
Kevin motioned to his buddies, "Listen up! This is my Sister-in-law here. We need to restrain ourselves. This is her show not ours."
Candi stops him with a hand on his arm, "Damian wants bolder. That means I need to get braver. You guys lost a little control last night. I can handle that kind of extra as long as you don't let it escalate too much."
Kevin eyes her with an intimidating stare for a moment. The gaze makes her sweat and tingly inside. She shouldn't feel that way. Finally Kevin hisses, "The only way you will get bolder is if we help you along. If my Bro wasn't pissed over our kissing and touching you then I don't think we should sweat it by holding back. We touch wherever we want and kiss on what we want."
Her jaw drops and a wetness becomes evident to her lower regions. She swallows dryly, "As long as it doesn't go beyond that I think I'll be okay."
Kevin shakes his head negatively at her, "No. Our boldness will make you bolder. I intend to show my Bro what you are capable of. Do you want us to leave and forget about this?"
Candi sits in awe. Suddenly, Kevin became arrogant. Almost controlling. Yet, she also knew she needed him to get Damian's video's done. She scoots forward on the sofa and stands up to face Kevin, "No. I don't want you to leave. Just be reminded that I am married to Damian Palmer. Your brother."
Kevin's teammates whisper amongst themselves as she turns to face them, "Natives getting restless?" They chuckle awkwardly as she turns her attention to Roger, "Get that camera ready."
Already in hand Roger stands up and moves to the side of the room facing the sectional sofa. "Ready when you are." She in response goes over to her stereo and turns on some erotic dance music. She loved to dance and knew that Damian loved to watch her dance. She intended to give him the striptease of his life.
Camera rolling she begins her trance. Dancing always made her lose her soul. Today would be no exception. Her gyrations maintained their gaze. She moved about the room facing one man after another, each time playfully rolling her tongue around her lips and squeezing her chest together. Bending over in front of Victor she begins slapping her own ass. Her tight white shorts riding high.
Hopping up on her coffee table she slithers about coaxing her tanktop off and over her head. Discarded over the camera for effect. She danced palming her 34D's as well as pinching her nipples taunt. For long moments she moved her hips sensually before stepping down and moving over to Jesse. She crawled over to straddle his lap and gyrate her ass, grinding on him until she could feel his erection stab up at her.
Her eyes bulged at his girth as she leaned forward to plant her 34D's directly into his face. She crushed her breasts around his cheeks tensing up at his volcanic exhales on her flesh. As she pulled back he followed her forward and took the chance of sucking on her nipples. Candi froze up and wanted to leap away but she knew that reaction might get caught on film and upset Damian.
Sensually dangling her head back she allowed his mouth to playfully feed on her. Her sighs built up as it felt more and more erotic. With a deep breath she broke away offering a kiss to Jesse's lips.
She crawled over Jesse to greet Andy next to him as she stretched out over his lap laying on her tummy. He roamed his hands up her spine and across her white shorts lightly patting her ass.
While allowing Andy to pamper her she peered up at Roger licking her lips and blowing a kiss. Mischievous eyes led astray toward Brent beside Andy as her hands slid along his erection. She marveled at its definition surmising it to be an easy 7 inches. At that point she questioned how far she should go. Damian wanted Bold, but the question was, Bold as in her own nudity or as in others?
Instead she chose to roll over in Andy's lap facing up to look him in the eye. She pouts as she uses her finger to reel in Roger for a close-up. Eying the camera she softly speaks, "Hi, Baby! I'm going to get bolder. I'm not certain your definition of bolder so blame yourself if I go too far on my own. I love you, Damian. Andy here is going to take my shorts off now. Be with you in a moment." She then palms Andys face with a tender caress and whispers, "Help me, Andy. I need you to feel my bare ass."
Andy in turn reaches down and unbuttons her shorts. Unzipped he assists pulling them off of her hips and thighs. Within seconds he tosses them on the floor. She was not wearing panties. Both Brent beside him and Andy admired her freshly shaved pussy. Only a very fine golden strip of peach fuzz bordered her sweet smelling snatch. She runs her fingers through it then dips across her hole to moisten her fingertips. She then raises that hand behind her head to Brent's mouth. He in turn licks her fingers. This released a moan out of Candi. She was becoming intensely aroused.
Roger was zooming in on her face for emotion. She discovered him and lifted her fingers toward the camera. Shifting focus Roger licked her fingers and uttered, "Damn Damian! Your ole lady's pussy is sweet tasting."
Hearing that made her leap up in Andy's lap, turning to face him. She gyrated her thighs over his erection and once again kissed him with a lingering open mouth. Tongues swirling. Roger panned in on their sweltering kiss.
Seconds pass before she eases away from his lap to rest on her knees in the carpet at Andy and Brent's feet. She sits on her heels and admires the erections of Andy and Brent. Leaning in she rolls her palms over their hard-ons. They groaned at her attentiveness. Five more tender hand rolls over them she turns her profile to Roger, "I think they like me, Damian. I wonder? Can I let them jack off for me later? I take that as a Yes."
She crawls away from them reaching Jesse again extending a hand to pinch his jeans. "My Jesse. You must be a big boy. Do you want to jack off for me beside Andy and Brent?" She eyes Victor and wags her tongue at him, "How about you Victor? You're saluting me. Jack off for me?"
No reply as she eyes Kevin. In turn she reverts her eyes to the camera, "Should I let little Brother jack off for me too? You created this monster, Damian. I'm going to allow him too. Bold enough for you?"
Kevin sneers at the camcorder then leans over her while she talks to the camera. He clutches her hair and yanks her up until she crawls into his lap. His aggression scares her some but she resists any panic. Kevin pulls her up to him and wraps his arms around her waist and buries his face into her tits. Her nipples are bitten and sucked on intensely forcing dangerous moans of pleasure through her body.
He then runs his right hand up her spine to her neck and drags her into a kiss. She resisted at first until she realized he wasn't going to give up. She then melted into her Brother-in-law's mouth. Five minutes he kissed her and ran his hands all over her back. Lowering to clutch her ass cheeks.
The kiss released she dangled her head back as Kevin kissed and sucked on her throat. She opened her eyes toward the camera as Kevin continued his assault. Candi seductively whispered, "I love you, Damian."
Tiring of the moment Kevin nudged her off of him back into Victor and Jesse's laps. Roger was having troubles holding the camera steady as he drew closer to her. Finally he dropped to his knees in front of her and turned her by the legs to face him. He then handed the camera up to Jesse to hold it down on Roger himself. Rog pulled her into position and buried his face into her pussy. She tensed up knowing in her heart a line was being crossed here. She snaps her gaze toward Kevin trying not to moan in delight. She whispers, "Kevin?"
Her Brother-in-law sneers at her, "Not bold enough yet. Moan for my Brother!" In response she creases her brow and lets out a deafening howl of delight. Kevin jumped up and took the camera from Jesse standing over Candi and Roger. He zoomed in on Roger's feeding frenzy rolling his tongue in and out of Candi's dripping pussy. Her face strained and turned beet red as she eyed the camera. Kevin snarled, "Is this bold enough for Damian, Sis?"
She finds her throat dry as she whimpers. Losing muscle control it takes Jesse to slip his arms under hers and squeeze her breasts tightly to hold her in place.
Roger refused to let up as he added fingers inside her pussy while he bit at her clitoris. His fingers dug deep and moved rapidly in and out causing her to spasm and cum all over his hand and chin.
Kevin asked again, "Answer me, Sis! Do you feel that was enough for Damian? Was that bold?"
She breathes heavily and looks up at him with timid eyes. Finally she whispers, "No! I need to be bolder."
Kevin hands Roger back his camera then pats him on the back. He then glares down at Candi and unzips his pants in front of her. He lowers his jeans to his knees and pulls out his 8 inch cock to stroke it in front of her. It was then He motions the others to join him.
She sits up on her knees on the floor shedding a tear as Jesse, Andy, Victor, and Brent stood up nudging her toward the center on the floor. She moved slowly until Kevin reached down and again snatched up her hair to position her on the floor. Candi fought off a mounting torrent of tears not wanting Damian to witness her crying.
Kevin removed his hand from his dick, "Jack me off!"
Roger panned the camera on to Kevin's cock as her trembling hands reached up to clasp her palms around his monster. She looked directly into Kevin's eyes the entire time her hands stroked him. "Tell Damian what you want?"
She glares at the camera loudly speaking up , "To make him proud of me!"
She strokes Kevin harder and harder and faces his cock with an expectation on her face. "Cum for me Kevin." A swift smile toward the camera to verbally add, "Cum for me Damian."
Kevin shakes his head at how good it felt. He wanted more from Candi but forced himself to say no. Respect was there, yet fading fast.
She bites her lower lip feeling Kevin's blood flow throbbing within. Her thoughts raced, "I'm not being bold enough. I'm being told what to do here. Dammit!" With a tempered gaze Candi lowers her mouth under Kevin's cock and swallows his scrotum. The move forced Kevin to stammer in his step. He hadn't expected this from Candi. She sucked on one ball then the other pulling and tugging.
Finally he pulled her away and gripped her by the back of her head and rammed his cock in to her mouth. He force fed her throat making her gag and drool down her chin. Eyes bulging she took what Kevin gave her. Three minutes of scarlet expression he pulled free and splattered her face in a massive load of cum.
Roger zoomed in to catch every droplet.
Before she could react Kevin forced her to turn on her knees and await Jesse, and Victor to add their cum to his. Five minutes expire before they drench her brow and nose. Swiftly she rotates to Brent and Andy who grunted another coat of cum on her cheeks and upper lip. She licked her lips of cum and sighed eying the camera. "I need more. Am I still beautiful Damian? I'm not finished."
She reaches up to Roger's zipper and pulls out his cock. Without another thought she swallows his girth and fiercely sucked on it, reaching under to squeeze his balls. Like a starving child she devours him until his cum torpedo's into her mouth. The mass load froths around her lips as she releases his cock awaiting Roger to steady his camera hand. Before showing her fully coated features and mouth full of glistening jizz. She swishes it around then swallows it. Wiping her face with her fingers and licking them dry until there was no more to partake in.
Kevin claims the camera shining it on his face, "How was that video, Bro? Wasn't Candi Hot!? Here's the wife." He points it down at her with a wink.
Candi shivers, "That was honestly more than I intended to do. I hope you liked it. I need you, Damian. Not all of this. I only did this for you. Would I do it again? For you, Absolutely! I'm sensing this is becoming about their needs all of a sudden. Not that I'm complaining if it's what you want. I don't think that wearing your Brother's cum is something for me to be proud of. What's done is done. Just know I love you. Forever!"
Camera off Kevin helps her up. "I'm only trying to help, Sis!"
She turns away, "If you say so."
Her bath was calling.