[Author's Note: All characters in this story are 18 years or older.]
Holly-Cam
Part-5
(A short recap from Part-4)
I had to smile to myself at what a very odd relationship Lana and I had struck up.
She turned, and at eye-level with my crotch, she looked at my completely-soft pecker, hanging limply over my drooping balls. She then looked up at my face. She chuckled, and said, "You know, for a man you're pretty cool. Most guys, finding me here naked, would be sticking that thing in my face trying toconvertme. I really like you, Ted. I think Holly's just as lucky as you are."
"Thanks, sis," I said, with a little laugh, and bent down and kissed her forehead. "I think you're damned cool, too. I don't know of any other woman who's as pretty and sexy as you are who I could be standing next to while they're bare-ass naked, and not have my dick at full attention ... andwaitingfor attention. I think we're a pair that could beat a full house."
She laughed, and pointing to the laptop screen, she said, "Check out what I did here."
She tapped the Play button, and our jerk-off video started playing. She fast-forwarded through our intro and into where she had stripped and was rubbing her bare pussy, and my stiff dick was sticking out through my fly. When she resumed normal play, I noticed the smaller, "picture-in-picture" in the upper left corner. In it was playing Holly and Sandy's porn video that we had just watched.
"I thought it would make more sense to Holly—and the others, if she cares to share—if they could see what we were reacting to while we were jerking off watching them."
"I love it!" I said. As I watched the different view of Lana fingering her own pussy—which I had thoroughly enjoyed from right beside her—my dick began to stir, again.
Noticing the elongation and the increasing elevation of my pecker, Lana said, "That's the reaction I hopetheyhave, too."
"That's the voyeur in me, sis," I said. "As off-limits as you are, watching you jerk off your cute little clamshell of a pussy is frigging hot!"
She tapped the Close button, and said, "You can get back into that later, if you want; right now, I'm starving."
"Party pooper," I said.
"Give me your Holly-cam link and password," she said. "Put some pants on, and I'll upload this. You should send her an e-mail to make sure she goes to find it."
"Okay if I go commando?" I asked.
"Fine by me," she replied. "You might not want to order clams, though. That might get you thinking about me playing with my pussy, and you'd bringattentionto yourself."
I laughed at the pun, and pulled my pants on, throwing caution to the wind.
Five minutes later, Lana had put on her shorts and top—sans panties and bra—and we were heading out the door to the little all-night café across the street.
Part-5
The next morning, I was up early and sitting naked in front of my laptop. I navigated to the video that Lana had modified, and I streamed it to the TV screen. I hit Play, and when the picture-in-picture of Holly and Sandy kissing showed up, I crossed my fingers, set my cursor on the edge of the picture, and dragged. Yes! I was able to expand the superimposed video!
I enlarged the second box until it covered me up in our jerk-off video, leaving just the full-frontal image of Lana next to Holly and Sandy's image. I fast-forwarded to where Lana was stripping off her shorts as she watched my wife getting her big puffy nipple sucked. I then settled back on the bed and began to stroke my growing dick.
I made it to the part when Lana was sawing the edge of her hand through her splayed pussy, while she watched Holly plowing her cunt across Sandy's face, then I pumped my slippery cock like hell, and let it blow. I still had to take a shower, call Holly, and then meet Lana for breakfast.
With a couple of tissues at the ready, this time, I continued to beat off until I was squeezing the last few dribbles of jism out of my pee hole.
I hit the Close button on the video, and headed to the shower.
***
Twenty minutes later I was sitting on the bed, naked, and getting ready to video-call Holly when my phone rang. It was my boss, Larry. He had apparently just gotten off a call with the customer whose equipment I was there working on. After we finished our conversation, I dialed Holly at her work.
Looking at her pretty, smiling face, we exchanged our usual hello pleasantries as she made her way outside for privacy. Once outside and alone, her face then went more serious, and she said flatly, "I watched the video of you and your little friend this morning."
With a suddenOh, shit!feeling in my stomach, I replied, "And?"
"And you've got another Holly-cam video in your cloud storage," she answered, letting me off the hook as her smile returned. "I jerked my pussy off watching it this morning before I got in the shower."
I blew out a long relieved breath, and said with a little laugh, "You had me going, baby. Well played! I wasn't sure what you were going to think of Lana being there on the bed right next to me, naked and playing with her pussy while I was jerking off my dick."
"Eventually, I though it was hot as hell," she replied. "You'll see how hard I get shoving my fingers up my pussy while I watched the two of you watching the two of us."
"Eventually?" I repeated.
"I have to admit to a twinge of jealousy when I watched Lana strip off her shorts and her top right next to you," Holly said. "But as I watched her frigging her pussy while she had her eyes glued to what Sandy and I were doing—completely oblivious to you and your stiff dick poking out of your fly—the exhibitionist in me came out and she really got me turned on! That's when I took my laptop into the bedroom so your Holly-cam could film me jilling off."
"That is so awesome!" I said. "I can't wait to see it!"
"Are you going to share it with Lana?" Holly asked.
"Do you want me to?" I asked in return.
"Yeah!" she answered with a big smile. "Like I said, it really got me hot to have her watching me—well,us—while she got herself off. The thought of her watching me again—justme—has my pussy tingling right now."
"Watching you do what?" I asked in mock naiveté, "You have to use you words, honey."
She laughed, and I watched her look around to make sure she was alone, and then she replied, "I want your little friend to get that beautiful body of hers naked and watch me play with my pussy! I want her to watch me pull my cunt lips apart, and grind my finger into my clit! I want her to see me pinching and pulling my puffy nipples while a shove my fingers up my cunt-hole and fuck myself! I want her to watch me gush my pussy-juice all over my hand and then stick my fingers in my mouth and suck it off!"
I laughed, and tilted my phone down so Holly could see my dick lifting itself up off my leg. "I'm sure you'll get a similar reaction from Lana when she watches what you just described!" I said.
"Tell her to film herself when she watches it!" Holly said with a big smile. "I like watching her! Her little clamshell pussy really fascinates me! And as much as I like Sandy's big jug tits, I think Lana's little ones are adorable with their tiny little nipples!"
"I'll tell her," I said with a smile of my own. Then, switching subjects slightly, I asked, "So, are you and Sandy and Joe planning to make any more sequels?"
"Since you brought that up," she replied, "If we were to make another porn flick for you, would you be okay with me taking on amore active rolewith Joe?"
I drew in and let out a long breath, and then answered, "I have to admit, sweetheart, that seeing another guy's stiff pecker that close to your face,wasinexplicably arousing for me." Then I did a reverse, and asked her, "Do youwantto suck his dick? Do youwantto screw him?"
"It's certainly not that I've ever lusted after him, or anything," she said. "I'd only go there if you wanted to watch me do it." She then added, "And so you know, I'd be okay with you fucking Sandy if you were here with us. In fact, I think it would be pretty hot to watch her take your stiff cock in her mouth to get it all wet, and then see you push it all the way up her cunt hole. I think she'd really like the feel of your fatter cock spreading her pussy lips."
I laughed, and said, "Once again, well played." I tilted my phone down to show her my quickly growing cock, now at about half-staff. "You obviously make a very compelling argument."
Looking back into the camera, I went on, "But I think you nailed it when you said, '...if you were here with us.' I know you wouldn't be cheating on me, but somehow, I think I'd feel more comfortable with you fucking Joe if I was there." I then added, "Maybe with my dick up Sandy's pussy at the same time that Joe had his cock up yours."
"I get that, baby," she said. "I guess that twinge of jealousy might creep back in for me if I was watching you screw Lana while you're out there."
"Much less chance ofthathappening," I said with a laugh, "but I'm glad you understand."
"Okay," she said with a wide smile, "now that we have that settled, I guess we'll all know our places when the director yells, 'Action!' the next time."
"Actually," I said, "I was going to ask you tonotmake any more videos."
"Really? Why?"
"Well, just before I called you, I got off the phone with Larry, who had just gotten off the phone with Lana's boss," I answered. "Let me recap that conversation for you."
***
"Sorry, I'm late," I said to Lana as I slid into the booth opposite her. "I got a call from my boss, and then my call to Holly ran longer than expected. So, did you get a chance to catch that shower scene you missed last night?"
"Oh, yeah! I jerked off to it before I went to bed," she said. "Considering the two of them were under running water the whole time, it was smokin' hot! So much so that I put my laptop on the bathroom sink this morning, and watched it again while I was in the shower ... with my own dildo."
"Dildos are okay?" I said. "Just not a real dick?"
The waitress appeared with a cup of coffee, and I ordered pancakes. When she left, Lana answered, "I haven't seen a dildo, yet, that will blow an unwanted load of jism all over you. And they're always there when you want them, and not there when you don't. All in all, they're much more civilized."
"And they never need Viagra," I added.
She laughed, and replied, "Maybe batteries, sometimes."
"You ever do anal with one?" I asked. "Just out of curiosity."
"Nope," she answered. "I'll take a finger, and I certainly enjoy a tongue wiggling up my butt, but that's my limit."
"Holly's that way, too," I said. "Obviously not Sandy, though."
"So, did Holly see our video?" Lana asked, the excitement evident on her face. "I sure hope it didn't put you in the doghouse."
"She saw it; she loved it; and she jilled herself off in front of the Holly-cam for us to see. She said to tell you to return the filming-favor when you watch it. She thinks you're pretty hot stuff!"
"No shit? She likes me? Oh, fuck, that is awesome! I'm going to take a break sometime today and get the paperwork filled out so you two can adopt me!"
I laughed, almost spitting out my coffee, and said, "Look what followed me home, honey! Can we keep her?"
"Hey, I can take myself on walks and I make my own food!" she replied. "And I hardly shed, at all!"
I laughed again, and said, "Well, before you go get your shots, there was more to mine and Holly's conversation this morning, which has to do with the call I got from my boss, which has to do with the work we have in front of us."
"Now who's the party pooper?" she said putting on a big frown. "So, what's the bad news?"
"Let's finish eating, and I'll let you watch my call with Holly on the way to the site."
"Fine!" she said in overacted mock-disappointment.
***
Before I even started the car, Lana made me pull up the call with Holly and give her the phone.
When she got to the part where Holly had "used her words" described what she wanted Lana to watch, Lana was bouncing up and down in her seat with excitement.
"How the hell am I supposed to get through the day de-bugging stupid code when I know that video of your gorgeous wife finger-fucking her pussy for me is out there waiting to be watched?" she said. "I'm going to have to take my lunch break in the lady's room, pull that up on my phone, and jerk off my own pussy!"
"Except that you'll probably want to be working through lunch," I said as I drove.
"Why?" she said suspiciously, narrowing her eyes at me.
"You haven't gotten to the part when Holly and I talk about my boss's call, yet," I said. "You'll see."
Almost reluctantly, she went back to watching the call. When I told Holly I didn't want any more videos, Lana looked at me like I'd lost my mind.
"Just keep watching," I said.
Looking at my phone, Lana heard me say to Holly, "Well, just before I called you, I got off the phone with Larry, who had just gotten off the phone with Lana's boss. Let me recap that conversation for you.
"It seems that our customer in Hawaii—Lana's employer, GBH—got a surprise visit from some corporate poobahs of one of their big clients," I explained to Holly, "and they're real interested in how this site operates—or how itshouldoperate, anyway.
"GBH can stall them with golf, swimming, and sightseeing for a little while, but in two days they're going to fly out here from Honolulu for a visit. GBH has offered a substantial bonus if we can have everything nailed down and be out of here with the system ticking like a clock before then."
"Two days!" Lana said to me. "I was thinking we still had four or five days of work left."
"Can you do that?" Holly asked me in the recorded call.
"With the right incentive, I think Lana and I can do it," I answered her.
"Like what?" both Holly and Lana asked at the same time.
I laughed, and from the phone, my voice answered both of them.
"I negotiated a round-trip, first-class ticket from Florida to Hawaii out of Larry," I told Holly in the recorded call.
"Oh, my God! That's awesome!" Holly said excitedly. She then asked, "But what does Lana get out of the deal?"
"Awe, that's sweet!" Lana said. "She's worried aboutme!"
"A cash bonus of equal or greater value," I answered Holly.
"Holy shit!" Lana said.
"But the deal expires in three days," I explained to Holly. "So, the only way that you get to fly out here and you get to meet Lana is if she and I are gone by the time the GBH plane lands."
Lana hit the Pause button on my phone and turned to me with her mouth open. Finally, she said, "So, let me get this straight; if we can get this system finalized in two days, I get a boatload of cashandI get to meet your wife in Hawaii. Is that right?"
"Technically, we have two days and three nights," I replied, "but yes."
She let out an excited laugh and bounced up and down in the seat. She then leaned over and gave me a kiss on the cheek. "Thank you, thank you, thank you, big brother! For a guy you are all-fucking-right!" Pointing at the speedometer, she added, "Can't you drive any faster? We're wasting precious time here!"
***
It was pushing one in the morning, and we had just finished testing—successfully!—the third of the seven "modules" we would need to tackle.
"Okay, let's get going on the syncing module," Lana said as she tapped away at her keyboard. "That one's pretty simple; we should be able to knock it out in an hour or two."
"I've got a better idea," I said. "Let's launch the test routine for the up-link module, and let it run while we go back to the motel and get some sleep. I am beat!"
We got the software running in the system's computer, and as we headed for the door, Lana said, "Speaking of being beat, are yousobeat that you're not going to beat-off to Holly's new video before you hit the sheets?"
"Well, that would just be rude after she so generously took the time to film herself playing with her pussy and sending it to us," I said.
"Oh, I so agree!" she said with a little laugh. "You want me to come over again to shoot the video of us jerking off to send back to her?" she asked.
"No, actually," I answered as we reached the car. "Holly said she wanted to seeyoujerking off while you watched her frigging herself. I think her show is more for you than me, and I think you should give her a one-on-one show in return. I'd just be a distraction ... probably to both of you. I'll handle it on my own, and we can compare notes over breakfast."
She looked at me with a big smile, and said, "You are so fucking awesome! God, Holly's a lucky woman! I cannotwaitto meet her!"
When we got to the car—a small SUV—Lana got in the back seat, rather than the front. "What are you doing?" I asked. "You going to take a nap while I drive?"
"No. I'm going to link our two laptops," she said, "so I can live-stream the video of me jerking off to you while I'm recording it for Holly. I'll put her recording next to my live feed so you can whack off to both of us at once."
I smiled and said, "Now, who's being awesome? For a dyke, you're damned okay yourself!"
"I preferlesbian," she replied in mock indignation as she booted the two computers. "Dyke sounds too whips-and-chains."
***
In my room, I set my computer up to stream to the TV, and while I was stripping out of my clothes the phone rang.
"You ready?" Lana asked.
"I am go for launch!" I answered as I pushed my pants and shorts to the floor and kicked them aside.
"Okay, here we go," she said. "Enjoy!"
Almost immediately, the TV was filled with side-by-side buck-naked images of my gorgeous wife and my adorable co-worker.
Holly's image was frozen, and showed her apparently just climbing onto the bed. She was facing the camera with her ass on the edge, with one leg bent at the knee and on the bed, and the other foot still on the floor. I think Lana probably paused the video right there, because it gave a perfect full-frontal view of Holly's naked beauty. Her pussy was fully exposed, and her puffy-tipped tits were front and center.
It was a fairly wide shot from the Holly-cam on the wall, and encompassed all of my wife's naked body and most of the bed.
As I watched, Lana apparently did some manipulation, and the image grew until just Holly filled the frame. Enlarged, and in the hi-def of the spy-cam, I could clearly see the glistening flower-petal folds of my wife's pussy. I had to believe that that was exactly what Lana was going for. It wouldn't have surprised metoomuch if Lana captured that image as a screen-saver.
I settled back in the office-style chair—which conveniently had a tilt function—and took my quickly-growing dick in my hand.
On the TV Lana had also settled back in her chair, and apparently had her feet up on the desk on either side of her computer. Her naked body filled her half of the screen, and I finally got a chance to just stare at and appreciate her petite Polynesian beauty.
With her legs spread wide apart, her intriguing clamshell pussy was on close-up display for me. As I studied its bulging mound and the closed, gently rounded lips that I knew were hiding the soft folds of her cunt, my cock grew to its full length and girth, and I slowly stroked it up and down.
I got the chance to really check out her tits, too. They were smaller than Holly's, but still stood out nicely against her small frame. Her nearly-black nipples were like miniature versions of Sandy's. Although the areolas were only about the diameter of a nickel, they each had a stiff little nub protruding, and I was imagining my wife's tongue flicking over them.
My total-focus on Lana's naked body finally shifted when the image of Holly finally started moving and I watched her finish climbing onto our bed and get settled with her back against the pillows and her legs spread wide. They were lying almost against the bed, bent at the knee, and her feet touched together in front of her. Her position provided an awesome display of her pussy, with its soft fully-exposed lips gently parted and glistening with the moisture of her obvious arousal.
Apparently, Lana was as fascinated with my wife's pussy as I was with hers, because the scene of Holly suddenly zoomed in for a close-up of the sweet pussy that I knew so well.
As if Holly knew right where Lana would be concentrating, she reached down and with her fingertips on either side of her pussy she stretched the wet lips apart. On full glistening display was her engorged clit—just peeking out of its little hood—and the smooth, pink flesh that formed the inviting entrance of her cunt hole.
My focus then shifted to Lana, and I watched her sliding one hand gently over her closed mound while she lightly traced circles over her tits with the fingertips of the other. She seemed to be avoiding touching her nipples, maybe saving that for later.
Suddenly, Lana's hand left her tit, and extended toward the camera. A few seconds later, her imaged enlarged and quickly re-centered on her pussy. She apparently wanted to give Holly the same up-close-and-personal view thatshewas enjoying.
I didn't think for a moment that she was zooming in on her pussy for me, but I was sure getting the benefits from it! I pumped a good drool of pre-cum from my dick, and started to slide my hand up and down its length.
With both hands now at her pussy, Lana pulled her lips apart, nearly filling her half of the screen with the moist folds of soft flesh that had been hidden within. It was such a distinct contrast to the "hard shell" of her outer pussy. I was completely captivated as I slowly stroked my stiff dick.
As with Holly's pussy, right next to it, Lana's clit was clearly evident, but appeared to be somewhat larger than my wife's. Below it, the glistening petals of her pussy's flesh flowed in little waves until they spread to form the obvious opening to her cunt's entrance.
In Holly's image, she moved one of her hands, and began to slide a single fingertip lightly over the tip of her exposed clit. Almost immediately, Lana did the same thing, keeping her pussy spread with her other hand.
As a card-carrying voyeur who loves watching my wife get herself off, the twin-image I was watching was beyond anything I could ever have imagined! I knew if I began pounding my cock seriously I wouldn't last a minute, so I forced myself to relax my grip, and just use one finger and my thumb to circle my dick and slowly slide it up and down.
On the screen, Holly began to apply more pressure to her clit, eventually mashing down hard on it, and grinding it in little circles. I could hear her familiar mews of pleasure over the speakers.
Lana responded in kind, pressing down hard on her own clit, but then switched to pinching it between her finger and thumb. She forced her fingers deep into her pussy, sliding back the sheath that enclosed her clit, and getting to the very root of the not-so-little nub. She then pulled on it, stretching it out an inch or more. Pinched between her fingers, it looked like a tiny little dick!
After a couple of hard stretches, Lana began to rub one of her other fingers over the little clit-head while she kept it pinched and stretched. From the speakers, I heard Lana moan, "Oh, fuck, Holly, you make me so frigging hot! I want to suck on your clit, Holly! I want to put my face in your lovely pussy, and shove my tongue up your cunt hole until I can't breathe anymore!"
Almost as if on cue, Holly slid her whole hand over her pussy—obviously keeping pressure on her clit with her palm—and curled her long middle finger into her cunt hole.
She drove it in as deep as she could get it, mashing her whole hand against her soaking wet pussy lips, spreading them out and grinding on them with a wonderfully erotic squishing sound coming over the speakers.
Lana followed suit, but she used her other hand to snake her finger into her cunt hole, apparently enjoying the stretching and rubbing treatment she was giving her clit too much to give that up. I know I was enjoying the hell out of watching it!
Holly then added a second finger into her cunt hole, again driving it hard into the silky depths, and crushing her pussy lips with her knuckles. While she had that hand forced hard into her cunt, her other hand appeared, and she began rubbing her fingers over her clit.
She pressed down hard on her sensitive little nub, making small circular motions, and as she did, she began to slowly drive her other fingers in and out of her cunt hole.
"Fuck, you two make me hot!" Holly said on a deep breath. "I would never have thought that watching another woman jerk off her gorgeous little pussy right next to my naked husband could be such a fucking turn-on! But my cunt is on goddamned fire right now watching you!"
Obviously inspired, Lana, too, began finger-fucking her pussy while continuing to rub a finger over that amazing little clit-head.
"Oh, me too, Holly!" Lana said into the camera. "I love watching you frig your pussy for me! God, I wish I was there to suck on it while you rub your clit! I want to fuck my tongue up your soft cunt-hole and taste all the wonderful juices your pussy in making!"
Holly began to pick up the speed of both her finger-fucking and her clit-strumming. And from the sounds that obviously coordinated with Holly's hand slapping against her pussy, I could tell that she was getting wetter and wetter, and I knew she wasn't going to last much longer without cumming.
Not to be left behind, Lana picked up her pace, too, hammering her hand against her pussy as her finger drove into the depths of her cunt. She then abandoned her clit-stretching, and instead pushed down hard on it, burying it back within the envelope of her clamshell pussy, and grinding on it with fast side to side motions.
With a good supply of pre-cum having drooled down my dick, I wrapped all of my fingers around it, and as my eyes flicked back and forth between my wife's pussy and Lana's, I began to jerk off like I really meant it.
As I watched Lana's hands flying—one quickly strumming her clit and the other slapping into her pussy and driving a finger in and out of her cunt—I saw the glistening folds of her pussy lips suddenly become sopping wet as her cunt erupted, flooding the spread clamshell, drenching her hands, and causing the most wonderfully-wet slapping sounds as she continued to beat against her gushing cunt.
My own hand was flying up and down my cock, and I had to release the tight grip I had on my balls with the other hand to reach for a handful of tissues to catch the load of cum that was quickly building.
"Oh, fuck, yeah!" Holly was moaning as her hand slapped against the splayed lips of her pussy. "I hope you're beating your pussy, too, Lana! I hope my cunt makes you as hot as yours makes me! Fuck that beautiful little pussy for me! Shove your fingers up your cunt and make it cum for me!"
Then with a firm press onto her clit with one hand, and a furious series of hard jams up her cunt with the other, Holly's pussy began to gush, and her sloshing-wet slapping sounds mixed with Lana's.
I pounded my cock as hard and fast as I could, and my dick rewarded me with a glorious blast of cum that nearly overshot the tissue. As the two women continued to slap their cunts on screen, I kept jerking my cock, forcing squirt after squirt of jism into the quickly saturating tissue.
Finally spent, my dick began to slowly wilt, and apparently, the two women were pretty much done, as well.
On the screen, Lana was lightly rubbing her closed-up pussy with one hand, with one finger on the same hand gliding gently between the wet lips. Her other hand must have gone to the computer, because both images suddenly began to expand.
All of Holly's beautiful naked body was now visible, and as she continued to stare at her own laptop screen, still watching me and Lana jerking off side by side in our video, she raised her hand, drenched with her pussy juice, to her mouth.
She put the two fingers that had just fucked her cunt between her lips, and sucked on them. She slowly slid them out, and then spread them into a V. With her fingers parted like a pair of miniature legs, she extended her tongue and with an open mouth, she began to slide its tip over the imaginary "pussy" in between them. She made a great show of getting every drop of her own cum that she could find. She then turned her hand around, and licked her tongue-tip over what would be her "finger-puppet's" ass hole.
Lana let out a little chuckle, and said, "Oh, you tease!" as she gave her pussy a good squeeze.
With her other hand, Holly fondled one of her tits, gently tracing circles over its swollen puffy nipple with a finger. As she switched to her other tit, she turned her hand back around, gave the "crotch" of her fuck-fingers a kiss, and then looked up directly into the wall-mounted Holly-cam.
She blew a kiss, and then with a big smile, she said, "I hope both of you enjoyed that as much as I liked the one you sent me! I never thought I could get so turned on by seeing you in bed with another woman, Ted, but oh-my-God, it was so hot to watch the two of you jerking off. And that picture-in-picture insert thing was perfect to remind me that it was me and Sandy that were your personal porn!
"I love you, Ted," she went on looking into the camera. "And I would so love to meet you, Lana! I get wet just imagining what it would feel like to press my face between the lips of that glorious pussy of yours!"
With that, Holly blew another kiss, and added, "Time for a shower." She then closed the lid of her computer, slid off the bed, and walked across in front of the camera, heading for the bathroom.
As I picked up another tissue to wipe my sticky hand, the bedside phone rang.
"Oh, my God! That was fucking awesome!" Lana blurted before I finished saying hello. "I can't frigging wait to meet her!"
I looked up at the TV, and saw Lana's live image still there. She had the phone in one hand, and was gently rubbing her pussy with the other.
"I'm looking forward to that, too!" I replied. "I can't wait to see my wife's pretty face lean down and kiss your cute little clamshell pussy. I want to watch her press her face into it, and see your fat pussy lips hugging her cheeks as she nudges that huge clit of yours with her nose. I won't be able to see it with her face filling your pussy, but I'll know when she pushes her tongue up your cunt hole by the moans you'll be making."
On the TV I watched as Lana wiggled her finger down between her pussy lips and make a slow sawing motion, no doubt rubbing the digit over the head of her hidden clit. "Oh, fuck!" she moaned into the phone, but not really talking to me.
Suddenly, she opened her eyes, looked directly into the computer's camera, and with a chuckle, she said, "You prick! You're still watching me, aren't you! You're as big a fucking tease as your wife is!"
"Once a voyeur, always a voyeur," I replied with a laugh.
Cradling the phone on her shoulder, she reached down with both hands, and pulled her pussy lips wide open. I could clearly see that marvelous clit, and even the gaping entrance to her cunt hole.
"One last look, and then it's off to bed with you!" she said. "I'll see you at seven o'clock, in the café. We have a lot to get done."
I was a bit surprised that my spent dick began to stir at the sight of that off-limits pussy, but it always did have a mind of its own.
As I gently stroked it while studying the fascinating usually-hidden folds inside Lana's pussy, I replied to her, "My call with Holly isn't until eight."
"You make that call on your cell phone," she pointed out. "You can talk to her while I drive out to the site after breakfast." It wasn't so much a suggestion as a directive.
With that, she let go of her pussy, and as her hand extended toward the camera, she added, "Go wash the goo off your dick, and go to bed. I'll give you a wake-up call at six-thirty."
The TV went blank, and I said into the phone, "Sweet dreams to you, too ... slave-driver!"
"You'll thank me when we're on the plane to Hawaii," she replied. "Goodnight!"
***
A good orgasm always relaxes me, so I was able to get into a pretty deep sleep right away, and felt refreshed when I met Lana at the café the next morning.
The waitress was there before we finished our hellos, and when she left with our order, Lana leaned in across the booth, and said, "So, did you have an eye-opener this morning?"
"Eye-opener?" I repeated, the term usually referring to a shot of booze.
"Did you jerk off to get your day started?" she clarified. "I almost always do."
"Not that Idon'tdo that, sometimes, but I've decided to abstain between now and when I meet Holly. I want to let my balls build up a nice big load of jism for her." I stopped suddenly, and said, "Sorry. I probably shouldn't be talking about that stuff with you just getting ready to eat."
She shrugged, and said, "It's okay." She appeared to be thinking about something for a moment, and then she went on, still in a quiet voice, "You want to know what I jerked off watching this morning?"
I smiled at her impishness, and answered, "It probably won't help in trying to maintain my abstinence, but it will likely get my balls building that load. So, go ahead and tell me."
"You," she said. "I recorded you last night while you were watching me watching your wife. I put my laptop on the sink, again, and frigged my pussy in the shower watching you jerk off."
"You jerked off watchingmejerk off?" I said. "What happened to your penis allergy?"
"I guess my own exhibitionist/voyeur tendencies must produce an antihistamine," she said with a grin. "I didn't have you on my screen last night—I was totally focused on your gorgeous wife's sopping wet pussy—but when I checked out the recording this morning it kind of turned me on to think that you were pounding your meat looking at me ... at least part of the time."
"Mostof the time, as it turns out," I confessed. "Not that I could ever tire of it, but I'd seen my wife's pussy up-close-and-personal, before. I have to admit that your little clamshell pussy really fascinates me."
"Glad I can be of service," she said with a smile. "I have to admit that I was planning to turn away when you shot off—that's the big trigger for myallergic reaction—but when you held the tissues around your dick-head I figured I could chance a peek. It wasn't my favorite thing to watch your splooge filling up the tissue, but it didn't turn my stomach again, either."
"Gee, you really know how to flatter a guy!" I said facetiously.
"Hey! Baby steps, here!" she replied. "As well as it being hot knowing that you were jerking off watching me, it was also a little immersion therapy. I want to try to get past myallergy; I don't want to have to run from the room if Holly decides she wants you to blow that built-up load you're saving into her pretty mouth."
"GladIcould be of service," I said.
"So, you want me to send you the recording of me all naked and wet, and fingering my pussy in the shower?" she said with that impish grin. "I was also pinching and pulling on my stiff little nipples, if that fascinates you, too."
"It does! And no I don't want you to send it to me!" I said. "How in hell would that help with my abstinence? I've got a freaking boner right here under the table ... and I'm commando!"
She laughed, pushed her napkin on the floor, and bent over to look while she picked it up.
The waitress returned while Lana's head was below the table, and when she straightened up, she said to her, "Dropped my napkin." She turned to me, and with a wide grin, she gave me a little salute, and said, "Atten-tion!"
***
We were in the car and rolling out of the parking lot a few minutes before eight. As Lana drove, I dialed up Holly.
"Put it on speaker," Lana said. "I want to talk to her, too."
"Let us at least get through our hello's," I said just as Holly picked up.
After our hello-how-are-you's, I said, "If you can, baby, you might want to step outside and find a private corner. Lana is in the car with me, and she says she wants to talk to you. I can only imagine where that might lead."
Holly laughed, and replied, "Heading for the door! Hi, Lana! It's nice to finally get a chance to talk with you."
"Hi, Holly! Same here!" Lana said. "I do feel like I already know you ... just not nearly as intimately as Iwantto!"
"I know, right?" Holly replied. "I watched your latest video this morning. No offense, Ted, but I was glad it was just Lana. It made it feel very one-on-one." The background showed that Holly was finally outside, and she added, "I can't wait to kiss your pretty face, to suck on those tiny little nipples of yours, and to slide my tongue between those marvelous pussy lips."
"Oh, I am right there!" Lana responded. "I am so looking forward to sucking on your gorgeous puffy nipples and then licking your clit while a wiggle a finger deep into your pussy!"
"Oh, shit!" I groaned as the bulge in my pants started growing, again.
Lana noticed, and laughed. "Show Holly," she said. "Tilt your phone down so she can see, too."
I rotated the phone, and said, "I made the now-obvious mistake of going commando this morning ... and then of telling Lana. I decided that I was going to abstain from jerking off so I could build up a big load and you could watch me blow a huge hands-free orgasm. The two of you are making that very hard for me, though ... as you can see."
Holly laughed, and said, "That's sweet, baby! Iwouldlike to see that live! But I don't want you to deprive yourself. I have an idea that Lana and I will be able to get your balls full to overflowing when that need arises."
"He had pretty good back-to-back orgasms the other night when we were watching you and Sandy together," Lana pointed out.
"Oh, yeah!" Holly said. "He's never disappointed me with that thing, yet!" Then she added, "You have my permission to reach over and give it a squeeze, if you want to."
I was surprised when Lana's hand came toward my crotch, but then I guessed that she was going to grab my dick more as a tease than because she actually wanted to.
"Don't you dare!" I said swatting her hand away. "Two hands on the wheel!"
But she outmaneuvered me, and clamped her hand around the growing bulge in my pants.
"Nice!" she said to Holly. "I can see why you would like this."
"Like what?" Holly said in a teasing tone. "Use your words, Lana dear."
Lana laughed, and replied, "His hard, fat cock, Holly! I can see why you'd like to feel his stiff dick spreading your pussy, stretching it out, and shoving way up into your hungry cunt hole!"
As she spoke, she began sliding her hand up and down the bulge.
Not to be outdone, Holly threw in, "Oh, you're right, Lana! I know you're not into cock, yourself, but I especially love the feel of being on my knees and getting fucked from behind with that fat dick!"
"You two are evil!" I groaned as Lana picked up the pace of her bulge-rubbing.
"Take it out!" Holly said suddenly. "Take your cock out of your pants, so I can see it!"
At the same time that I said, "No!" Lana said, "Yes!"
She reached for my fly, and began to pull it down.
"Do you want to get me arrested?" I protested—although I didn't actually try to stop her.
"We never see anybody on this road at this time of day," she countered. "This island doesn't get out of bed until noon."
By then, she had my fly pulled down, and I decided to call her bluff. "If you want my pecker out of my pants,youtake it out." I was sure that her revulsion toward hard dicks would keep her from making actual contact with it.
Apparently, her desire to tease the shit out of me trumped her revulsion, and she reached into my pants and took hold of my boner.
"Hey! Isn't that against your religion!" I said.
"Frigging my pussy in the shower while I watched you jerking probably was, too, but there I was," she said as she moved her fingers toward the head of my cock. "Maybe I'm having a crisis of faith."
"Look at you go, girl!" Holly voiced her encouragement. "Don't let one bad doctor's visit get the better of you!"
For a moment, the statement confused me, but then I realized that neither Lana nor I had turned off the recorder the other night when I was done jerking off, so if Holly watched the whole video, she would have heard Lana's story about why she was a lesbian.
"Pull it out, Lana!" Holly commanded. "Pull it out so I can see your hand wrapped around my hubby's stiff cock!"
She gave it a pull, and I quickly grabbed her wrist. "Careful there, tiger!" I said. "If you haven't noticed, my dick's long than my fly; it doesn't just pop out."
"Undo your pants, baby!" Holly told me. "Let's see that commando cock and balls!"
"Tit for tat," I said as I unbuckled my belt with only one hand—the other one holding my phone aimed at my crotch. "You two have to show me your boobs."
Holly laughed, and said, "I don't think so! I probablywouldget arrested! Certainly fired!"
In the time it took Holly to reply, Lana had grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt, yanked it off over her head, and had her hands back on the wheel, now driving topless.
I turned the phone from my crotch to Lana, and said, "Isn't the scenery beautiful on this island?"
"Luscious!" Holly replied. "I just wish I was there to enjoy it first hand ... and mouth."
No sooner had I gotten my pants button undone, when Lana reached over, and pulled my fly apart. My suddenly-freed cock jumped up and she wrapped her hand around it, again.
As I held the phone so my wife could watch another woman holding my stiff dick, she said, "Stroke it, Lana! Slide your hand up and down my hubby's fat hard-on!"
I was a little concerned at Lana's lack of experience with stiff dicks, and I readied myself to grab her hand to stop her from rubbing the skin off my boner if she started to dry-jerk me. Apparently, Holly had the same concern for me, and she began to instruct Lana as much as encourage her.
"Hold it nice and light, Lana," she told her. "Slide your fist up and down just barely touching the smooth skin of his big dick. Just tease it!"
She caught on quickly, and as her hand glided slowly and lightly up and down my boner, I let out a long, "Mmm!"
"God, girl, you're making me hot playing with my man's dick!" Holly said over the phone. "Take hold of his balls, now! Roll them around in your fingers! He loves that!"
I pushed my pants down to my ankles, and parted my legs to give Lana easy access, and Holly a good view. Lana then slid her hand from my cock down between my legs, and cupped my balls, lifting them up.
"Hold them firm, Lana, but nottootight," Holly instructed. "Wiggle your fingers and get his balls to squirm around against each other inside his sack!"
I closed my eyes and enjoyed the surprisingly delicate massage that Lana was giving my balls. I would never have guessed that she was new to this!
I was snapped back out of my reverie when I heard Holly say, "Hey, loverboy! What are you doing with the camera? I can't see Lana playing with your dick! Come on, you haveonejob here!"
I refocused the phone, and then Holly said, "You ready to jerk him off, Lana? You think you can make him cum right there in the car?"
"Yeah, I do!" she said. "Let's do this!"
"First, spit in your hand, sweetheart," Holly told her. "Let's get his fat cock nice and slippery!"
With her hand now slick with her spit, Lana wrapped her fist around my dick, again, and began sliding it up and down its length from just under my cock-head to my balls. God it felt wonderful!
"Slide your fingers up over his head," Holly coached. Lana complied, and I had to wonder if she realized that she had just gotten my pre-cum all over her fingers. If she did, it didn't seem to bother her, thank God! With now-slipperier fingers she went back to stroking the length of my cock.
With a little laugh, Holly said, "God, Lana, I never would have guessed that watching another woman give my hubby a hand-job would be so frigging hot! I am loving this! Now let's pick up the pace, and really jerk that thing off! Short, quick strokes work the best on him, Lana!"
I moaned pleasantly as Lana's slippery little fingers slid up and down my stiff shaft, stopping just at the rim of my "fire helmet" with every up-stroke.
"That's it, Lana! Beautiful! Now, let your fingers slip over his fat cock-head, too!" my wife went on coaching her. "He loves to have his knob polished!"
Lana enveloped my dick-head in her fist, and twisted it around for a few seconds, as if shewerepolishing it. She then began jerking me with quick strokes that were not more that two inches. I was oozing enough pre-cum that even under her tightening grip there was no friction, at all, just a glorious sensation of a building orgasm!
"Grab your balls, baby!" Holly told me. "Pull them up against your cock! Lana, every once in a while, slide your hand all the way down and squish your fist into his fat balls! Not too hard, but beat his balls while you're beating his meat! Let's get his hot cum really boiling in there!"
We both did as instructed, and Lana quickly got into a rhythm of giving me four or five short stokes followed by a couple of full length strokes that had her little fist slapping against my fat balls.
"Oh ... fuck ... me!" I moaned!
"You like that, baby?" Holly asked me.
"Oh, my God, yes!" I answered.
"What is it you like, sweetheart?" she said. "Use your words."
I grinned at her tease, and then said, "I like having stiff cock and my balls hanging out while we're driving down the road, for one thing!"
"I'm sure that's not all you're enjoying!" she replied mischievously.
"Hell, no!" I said. "I like having this cute little lesbian vixen here jerking me off while you watch her doing it! I like the feel of her fist smacking my fat balls, and her fingers rubbing over my cock-head!" I rotated the camera a bit, and added, "And I like seeing those gorgeous little tits sticking out while she drives and jerks me off at the same time!"
Lana's pace increased with my dirty-talk, and as her little hand flew up and down my slick cock, she said, "You can touch them, if you want ... if it's okay with Holly."
"Fuck, yeah!" Holly responded immediately. "Reach over there and play with those beautiful little tits! Pretend that it's me doing it, Lana! And God, I wish it were!"
I held the phone back far enough that Holly would be able to see Lana jerking off my stiff cock, and me playing with her naked tits at the same time.
I reached over with my left hand, which had to be turned up-side-down, and covered Lana's lovely, Champaign-glass tit. I began to gently massage its perfect cone shape with my fingers, and to rub the palm of my hand over her stiff little nipple.
I knew she was enjoying my touch, because her fist began pounding up and down my cock so hard and fast that I had to loosen my grip on my balls to keep her stokes from crushing them!
"Pull on my nipple!" Lana commanded me as she beat my meat furiously. "Pinch it and pull on it!"
I gave her full tit a good squeeze, and then slid my fingers across its soft flesh until her tiny nipple was between my finger and thumb. I gave it a light pinch and then began stretching it out.
She sucked in her breath, but then told me, "Harder! Pinch it hard and really pull on it! Stretch my little tit right out!"
A little afraid that I was going to hurt her, I did as she asked, and pinched the stiff little nub almost as hard as I could, and then pulled on it like I was trying to yank it off her tit.
"Oh, fuck, yeah!" she groaned as she hammered up and down my cock.
After ten or fifteen seconds of yanking on her hard little nipple, she commanded me, "Now the other one! Pull on my other nipple, too! Oh, God!"
She had to turn in her seat, and I had to lean over to reach, but I quickly had the other little nub between my fingers, and was tugging it toward the steering wheel.
"Oh, fuck!" she repeated and tightened her grip on my cock as if trying to match my grip on her tit.
"My fucking God, that is so hot!" Holly said over the phone.
"Use you words, baby," I said as I rolled Lana's stiff nipple between my fingers as I stretched it out.
"I love the way you're pulling on those lovely little tits, baby! And God, she looks like she's loving it so much, too!"
"Fuck, yeah!" Lana nearly shouted. "God, this whole thing is so hot!"
"No shit it's hot!" Holly responded, but in a surprisingly quite voice. "I'm rubbing my fucking clit watching you two!"
"Where the hell are you?" I asked.
"I'm in the lady's room. Look at your phone," she answered.
I held up the phone where we both could see it, and there was Holly's naked and sopping wet pussy spread wide and filling the screen! At the top of the close-up image her middle finger ground away at her clit.
"Oh, fuck, you're going to make me cum, just watching you!" Lana said.
"You want my hubby to rub your pussy, Lana?" Holly asked. "I'm sure he will!"
"Yes and no!" she replied. "I know I'm going to cum, but I think I can control my pussy to just a little one if I leave it alone. That's going to be bad enough to deal with. If he rubs it we'll have to clean the frigging carpeting!"
"Show her my pussy!" Lana told me.
As I moved the phone over under the steering wheel, Lana spread her legs to show the big wet spot that was visible even though she was wearing black shorts.
"Oh, fuck!" Holly said quietly. "I can't wait until I can shove my face between those lovely legs and taste your hot cum, Lana!"
"Ah, shit!" Lana growled as the spot suddenly grew bigger. "You make me so fucking horny, Holly!"
"Oh, fuck! Me too!" Holly whispered. I tilted the screen up, and we could see her strumming her finger rapidly side to side across her clit. "I'm going to cum! My pussy's going to fucking explode any second!"
We could hear a stifled squeal, and Holly's cunt started to gush spurt after spurt of her pussy juice into the john.
As if she was pumping my wife's pussy, Lana was beating on my cock hard and fast as she watched Holly's pussy gush.
"I'm gonna cum!" I groaned.
"Show me!" Holly commanded.
I turned the camera just as my cock gave its first throb, but before the first squirt of cum even bubbled out of my pee hole, Lana jerked her hand away.
She groaned, swallowed hard, and as she turned her head to look out the side window, she said, "Sorry! Sorry! I think I just found my limit!"
"Hey, no problem!" I assured her as I retracted my hand from her tit. I did a quick switch to put the phone in my left hand, and had my right wrapped around my stiff dick in a matter of seconds.
With the camera focused on my cock, I began jerking off hard and fast. It took about thirty more seconds to get that interrupted squirt of cum to start its way up my dick, again, and as I felt it getting close, I used my phone-hand to pull my shirt up as far as I could. With the phone refocused on my cock, I held the head of my dick close to my belly and continued my fevered beating.
Without a prolonged build-up, my orgasm wasn't a big gusher—thankfully!—but it still felt awesome as the thick cum pumped up through my cock and squirted onto my belly. After only three or four hard spurts, I was giving my dick a few long, slow pulls to squeeze out the last few drops of hot jism.
As I caught my breath, I looked up and out the windshield for the first time in miles, and said, "Oh, shit! We're almost at the site!"
With my cum-sticky jerking-hand I reached into the door pocket and grabbed some napkins that were luckily left over from an earlier stop at a roadside shaved-ice stand. I handed one to Lana, and as I laid another one against the goo that was running down my belly, I lifted the phone, and said into it, "Hey, baby, we have to go! That was fucking awesome! I love you so much! I can't wait to see you tomorrow!"
"Me. too, baby!" Holly replied quietly from her bathroom stall. "I am so glad I wore a skirt today instead of slacks! My pussy juice was running down my legs before I made it in here!" She then added, "Let me see Lana."
I handed Lana the phone so I could used both hands to sop up the cum from my belly and quickly-softening dick.
"Sorry about your wet shorts, Lana," Holly said to her. "But, my God, that was hot to see you cum without even touching your pussy!"
"It was awesome knowing your face was right down there looking right at it when I came!" Lana replied. "And don't worry about the shorts; I have a fresh pair of pants in my computer bag."
"You do?" I interrupted. "This kind of thing happen to you often, does it?"
"No," she answered, "but airlines losing my luggage does, so I carry an emergency kit of necessities."
"Smart girl!" Holly said. She then added, "Hey, I'll let you go, Lana. I am so looking forward to meeting you tomorrow. Oh, and don't forget to put your shirt back on, by the way."
Lana laughed, and said, "I actuallydidforget that! And I can't wait, either! Bye, now."
***
Once at the site, Lana made an immediate detour to the lady's room to change out of her wet shorts. When she returned to our work area, she booted up her laptop, and as it came to life, she said, "So, do you know if Holly has booked you guys a room anywhere?"
"Yeah," I answered. "That was part of the deal I made with my boss."
"Oh," she replied.
"You sound disappointed," I said as my own computer came up.
"My folks own a cottage that they rent out," she replied, "and I just talked to my dad, and he said that it's empty right now, and you could have it for the friends-and-family rate. I was kind of hoping that I could stay there with you, if you didn't mind."
As I pulled out my phone to call Holly, I leaned over, and kissed her on the cheek. When she turned to face me, I kissed her lips, and then said, "That's from Holly!" I paused a moment, and corrected, "No, if that had been from Holly I think you'd have had a tongue half way down your throat."
***
Unfortunately, the day didn't continue as well as it had started out. We ran into a couple of issues with the revised code that had Lana and me working straight through the night and into the morning.
We did finally get everything working, and raced back to the motel with barely enough time to stuff our suitcases and make it to the airport.
As we walked across the tarmac to our waiting puddle-jumper, the GBH executives and their poobah-clients were exitingtheirplane.
One of the execs looked our way, and I could see him raise his eyebrows in a questioning expression.
Lana gave him a subtle thumbs up, and even from the distance I could see him relax his shoulders as he returned the sign.
I think both Lana and I were asleep before our plane left the ground, and we only woke up when the wheels hit the runway in Honolulu.
Continued in Part-6: "The Climax: Holly and Lana finally meet to Ted's delight!"
Please take a minute to vote and leave me a comment!
Thank you!
Love,
Casey