In chapter one I talked about how Mary was hit on by an old friend and discovered she found it very exciting to have someone other men coming onto her. After the incident she told me about it. When she told me he made her come I was sure she wouldn't have stopped him from fucking her. Mary was hot, and I'm sure Mary would have fucked him all afternoon if he hadn't turned her down.
I wanted nothing to do with keeping secrets, so we approached his wife and told her about the incident. I knew it was unlikely but I was hoping she would want to swap with us. She had no interest in that. Our friends were furious with us, and they ended up divorced.
Mary was interested in continuing to explore the wild sexual feelings she got from having a stranger come onto her. We went to a swingers party. Mary enjoyed having a stranger fuck her, and I certainly enjoyed getting to have sex with another woman. I did find watching Mary show off exciting, also.
Mary discovered she found showing off added to her excitement. She enjoyed the attention from an audience while was being fucked.
My sexy little wife was still a little shy at the beginning of the next party we went to, but quickly shed her shyness. She realized she is an exhibitionist, and really gets excited when she has an audience when she gets fucked.
After that she made sure when we went swinging that she always had an audience when she was getting fucked. She was always more responsive in front of an audience. I asked Mary about that once and Mary told me sometimes sex without an audience was just as good as with an audience but she wasn't as noisy or bouncy because the play is the thing.
As mentioned in the previous chapter Mary is bisexual. She has always had an eye for the girls, but when she was young she just didn't realize she could be bisexual. She happened to fall in love with me, so she didn't pursue girls. Mary says girls are the best for sex, but guys are really great fun, and she definitely wants it all. She'll grab what's easiest. She's such a slut.
I will describe Mary here. She is five three, and just over a hundred pounds. I took her measurements once. That was back on our second date. I had a poster of a girl on my wall and her measurements were given in metric, and it said to think metrc. Mary was up for a comparison. At that time Mary's measurements were 32-23-34. I told her I could live with that as long as she didn't put on any weight. Mary promised me she wouldn't, and she has done a good job at that.
Mary's breasts are small, barely a mouthful, but her nipples are fairly large. They are about the size of the tips of her little fingers and they are always standing up begging for attention. When I met Mary she wore padded bras to try to keep her high beams from showing through all the time. After she met me she became more relaxed about that. Mary was never shy about having small breasts and after we got married she began collecting some very tight tops to wear without a bra. Until we started swinging she would only wear those close to home.
Mary has no problem with being more than a foot shorter than me. She thinks it's fun to have to find things to stand on in order to kiss me.
Mary's eyes are blue, and her hair is brown and straight. She doesn't cut her hair and it is very long. She does catch it up with fanciful little braids along the edge, and various hair berets and scrunchies. She once gave me a scrunchie and said it was in place of a lock of hair since she doesn't cut her hair. Occasionally she does weave flowers into the braids in her hair. We did live in the San Francisco Bay area during the time of this narrative. We are both California natives.
Mary has never liked having pussy hair. On our first date we were chaperoned by her family members but on our second date I discovered Mary kept her pussy hair trimmed very short. It was less than an eighth of an inch long. She has told me she kept it that way since the day it dared to grow in. She had tried shaving it when she was in junior high school but didn't like stubble so she kept it cut short. Sometimes, such as for parties, Mary shaved it. After we had been married a while Mary had all of her pubic hair permanently removed.
Mary excercised, and still does. She was in great shape. People seemed to especially notice her well rounded and tight butt. I called her thighs dancers thighs. I liked it when she squeezed me. When she had an orgasm it was easy to watch the well-developed muscles in her stomach ripple.
Back to the time of the narrative.
After a year of swinging we had settled into going to the same swing house a couple times a month. We knew the owners of the house, and we had swung with them. They knew Mary was bisexual. They helped us find other bisexual women for us to play with.
One day we were standing around enjoying some drinks after having sex with another couple. That day Mary was wearing a sheer cover-up over her cute little naked body. The owners were talking about an upcoming event.
They had a gang-bang party coming up the next weekend. They were talking to one of the other men in the kitchen about attending. Mary piped up and asked what's a gang-bang party.
It was hard to take her seriously. I laughed a little. The hostess asked if she really didn't know. Mary stuck out her bottom lip and said no, she didn't. The guy who had been invited cuddled up to Mary and apologized for everyone making fun of her. Mary hugged him close and told him thanks, now please explain.
So they told Mary it was a party where lots of guys show up to fuck a girl who likes to have lots of guys fuck her. Mary asked if other girls can show up and watch. They said lots of other women are there. Most of the guys who show up are married, and lots of them bring their wives to help with preparations and to watch and hang out and even fuck. It's just that the main event is to have the guest of honor get fucked by lots of men.
Mary asked how many men are lots of men. They said last month 12 guys showed up. Mary smiled and said, "Wow!"
The hostess asked Mary if she would like to know when it was going to be. Mary looked at me and smiled. I said, "Well, I guess we could watch."
So the next weekend we ended up attending our first gang-bang party. Counting Mary I think I saw 6 women there, plus the hostess. There were about ten men besides me. As I said I don't perform well in groups so I didn't volunteer to be part of the train of guys fucking the girl that evening.
They began setting things up for the evening. The guest of honor was a cute babe, married, and her husband was one of the men who was going to be fucking her. Three of the other women began making out with the guys, as several of the men were stripping the guest of honor.
Then the main girl was naked and had a prick in her pussy and one in each hand and one in her mouth. Three of the women were in next to nothing, and giving blow jobs on a rotating basis, generally keeping the guys who weren't directly involved horny.
One of the women was off to the side naked with a guy and had his prick in her pussy. There was one other woman, and she was serving drinks, wearing just some sheer panties.
We were well off to the side. Mary was stripped naked from the waist down and had started rubbing her pussy for herself. Several of the guys were watching her. Mary was flushed a deep red and very excited.
One after the other the guys filled the guest of honor with come and were replaced by a fresh prick who pounded her little pussy.
Mary came, and collapsed onto a couch, moaning softly, muttering, "Oh God, Oh God, Oh God!" Mary masturbated herself to orgasm several times while watching the activities intently.
Some of the guys came over to talk with Mary. A few of them ate Mary out. They said they'd love to fuck her but they would save themselves for the girl who had scheduled the night.
The hostess came over and suggested Mary might enjoy joining the girls who were giving blow jobs. Mary eagerly jumped up and went over and began sucking strangers to help them get ready to fuck the guest of honor.
Mary masturbated herself to a gut-wrenching orgasm while she was sucking off guys. It seemed like everyone applauded her when she did that.
The evening went on that way for over an hour, with some of the guys fucking the girl two and even three times. She must have gotten filled with over twenty loads of come by the time the fucking stopped.
Mary came over to me as the evening slowed, and gave me a long blow job, and made a big show of swallowing. She licked her lips, rubbed her tummy and said how delicious it was. Then she went back to sucking strangers.
By the time they were packing things up Mary was drenched with sweat. She was trembling with excitement and exhaustion. The hostess sat by Mary and asked if Mary wanted to attend next month. Mary nodded, but then said she had to ask me.
The hostess advocated for Mary. She told me to see how exciting Mary found it, and I should be happy to get the privilege to see Mary so excited. The hostess knew I would fall for it.
My little slut was really going to get fucked.
Mary was in a constant state of excitement during the whole month. She had butterflies, and she was constantly masturbating. She came if I barely touched her. She was horny every waking moment.
We did attend a party during the month, and Mary let four guys fuck her in the common room. They were lined up, and she let them. I had one girl, who was the partner of the first guy who fucked Mary. I think the other three guys had been at the gang-bang party we had attended and knew Mary was easy. Mary even had a prick in her mouth while getting fucked. Later she pointed out that was the first time she got to do that.
Mary mentioned the guy didn't come in her mouth. She said it would have been really fun to have come fill her mouth and her girl-hole at the same time.
On the evening of the gang-bang party Mary wanted to arrive extra early. We got there before we should have because Mary was eager. She stripped and put on her sheer cover up right away.
As other people arrived Mary greeted the men with a hug and kiss. She hugged the women, too. As far as we know none of those women were bisexual, though.
Soon Mary was in the middle of a group of men, with pricks rubbing against her, and hands rubbing her everywhere.
At this point I will mention Mary has a strong submissive streak. It turns her on for me to put wrist cuffs on her and tie her down during sex.
I decided to take the hostess aside and tell her that something Mary would like is for the men to hold her down by the arms sometimes while they fuck her. The hostess smiled and went to speak with some of the men.
Soon after that they laid Mary back, naked, on the mattress, and two men were holding her upper arms over her head. Mary glanced over at me, and smiled a huge smile, then she was kissing a guy, and then she was sucking a prick, as another prick sank into her tight little girl hole.
Within seconds Mary convulsed, and her body lurched upwards in pulses. She stopped sucking the prick in her mouth and uttered a guttural shriek as she writhed under the man fucking her. Then she was panting hard as she pulled the man into her with her legs, her toes curling and flexing.
As soon as Mary relaxed a little another prick was in her mouth, and the man who was fucking her seemed to dump his load into Mary's tight little cunny. He got up and another man slid his prick into Mary in seconds. Mary pushed her feet down and pushed her cute butt up hard to meet his thrusts.
I heard Mary moan loudly, and then pant out, "Fuck me! Oh, God, fuck me!" She writhed and twisted under the man fucking her, panting hard and moaning loud. The guys holding her arms were having to hold on tight. They obviously didn't want to hurt her, but Mary is very active.
The second man emptied his seed into her cute little pussy, and he was instantly replaced by a third. Mary grunted and wrapped her legs around this man. Mary went back to sucking a prick offered to her, and wiggled and squirmed constantly.
After about five men filled her with come Mary announced she needed to pee. Two of the guys went with her to the bathroom.
When they returned they put her on her knees while two men grabbed her hips, one on either side. They pushed her shoulders down and a man entered her from behind, hammering into her hard and fast. She was shaken like a rag doll. I heard her moaning loudly right away.
Then a prick was pushed toward her mouth, and she grabbed it with both hands, propping herself up on her elbows, and sucked hard on the prick in her hands. She was playing with the guy's balls and bobbing her head up and down while she was being pushed back and forth.
I saw her stop moving her head up and down. After several seconds the guy pulled his prick out of her mouth and a string of come was attached from his prick to Mary's lips. Mary leaned down and licked the tip of his prick to clean it up. She swallowed it all. The man behind her grunted and filled Mary with another load of come, as another prick was pushed into Mary's face.
Mary wasted no time in grabbing that prick and sliding her mouth down over it, then bobbing up and down. I could see her cheeks fall in as she sucked hard on the prick in her mouth. The guy fucking her this time wasn't hammering her so hard, and she was gently swaying back and forth.
She arched her back, took her mouth off the prick in her mouth, and moaned loudly. Her moan turned into a loud stuttering groan as she shuddered and jerked. Then she was sucking the prick again.
Several of the guys came in Mary's mouth, and she must have had about twenty loads of come in her pussy from nine strangers who showed up to fuck my little slut. She says she thinks sometime in there a guy came in her mouth at the same time as a guy came in her girl hole. That's something she was wanting to experience.
They moved Mary into different positions and kept fucking her. She sucked pricks when she could. Mostly she moaned and writhed.
I did fuck Mary that evening.
Mary fell asleep in the car on the way home. Later she said the only thing that could have made it better is if there had been some girls for her to suck come out of, too.
As soon as she woke up the next day she wanted me to promise we would do it again soon.