I hadn't seen my baby sister in three years. At seventeen she decided that she wanted to move to Europe, with a promising husband and a wonderful job waiting for her there. She had met him on the internet and the relationship had apparently (I was not privy to every detail) evolved from cybersex into friendship, then through emails and phone calls into a fully blown romantic relationship.
My parents were not very happy to welcome the older guy (he was about 27 at the time) for a month long visit in 2001, but they grudgingly accepted. Sadly, things didn't work out very well between them and he left early, to the great humiliation of my sister Dasha. A month later she announced that she was moving to Europe to find her husband. My parents were shattered by the news (as there had been no place for negotiation), but were too proud to do anything drastic about it.
I hadn't really liked the French guy myself, but it was clear that my sister was really happy with him. I was saddened when she left as we really enjoyed each other's company, but what else could I do? She kept in touch with me more or less regularly, mostly through emails, but physical distance finally created emotional distance after a year or so. We wrote to each other every two or three months, nothing more.
I was shocked, three weeks ago, when I received an email from her: her oh-so-wonderful husband had thrown her out of his home. I just couldn't believe it: he had all but literally thrown her out. Dasha hadn't said why, and I had a feeling that I'd never know the full story. It was clear from her email, though, that she was in a bind, with nowhere to go or live. I guess that most of her friends were that creep's friends, and that they wouldn't help her now that she was not with him anymore. One of her friends from work had offered her couch, but Dasha said that she was only barely welcomed there.
So after wrapping things up at work, as she needed good recommendation papers for her next job, she was flying back to the States. She couldn't come back to our parent's house, not yet anyway, so I offered her the guest room at my place. She even begged me not to tell anything to either mom or dad, that she would find a way to talk to them soon. I didn't think that it was such a good idea, to hide the fact that she was coming back, but it was her decision to make.
Here I was, sitting along at the airport, waiting for flight 322, wondering how our reunion would go. After she had outgrown her fourteen and fifteen year old rebellious phase, we had gotten along really good. To the point of doing things together like camping, skiing, and even little things like watching movies together. I'd been living on my own for the past 5 years when we began reconnecting, being six years older than her, but she'd often come to my place just to hang around. It was a bit peculiar, I know, but we really did have a great time together.
One question was worrying me, as I was sitting near the large gate: would I recognize her instantly? I was sure that I would, but on the other hand I had no idea what she had done to her appearance during those three years or so. When she left three years ago, she had been a tall teenager with a tight body and short dark red hair. In fact, one of her favorite pound-on-herself subject was her body: "I look like a kid!" she'd often complain at 16 and 17. Small breasts, barely-there hips and long skinny legs. I knew she had the potential to become a really good looking woman, having seen many young girls flourishing at around 19, but she never believed me. What would she look like now?
Well, I was about to find out: the gates were opening. I *did* recognize her instantly in the end. She was still the tall girl I remembered even though her hair were now much longer and her figure had matured quite nicely. She smiled broadly when she saw me and ran into my arms laughing and hugging me tight.
"Wow! You've been working out brother!"
I had. "Well yeah, it helps when the gym's in your basement!"
"You look great!" she grinned, looking me up and down.
She pulled me into her arms again, laughing. But after a few seconds it was clear that she wasn't all that joyous, but that the recent events had taken a toll on her. I kept my arms around her as she relaxed, and I felt that she was close to tears. We got her things and headed back home. She did cry on the way back, filling me in on the particulars of her last months as well as letting all that tension blow over.
A stroke of luck in a computer project I had begun while still in high school had given me more than enough money to live comfortably for the rest of my life. I sold my ideas and patents, two years ago, to a huge company I respected; one I was sure would keep doing great work on my brainchild. Why did I sell out? Two reasons, the first one being 10 million dollars. The second one was even more compelling: bureaucratic nightmare! Ten different licensees, my app bundled with 23 different suites or applications, overall selling about 250 000 copies. So I had two choices: becoming a full time (15 hours a day) boss, hire employees to work for me, deal with clients, publishers, support groups and so become a completely stressed out multi-millionaire; or else make 10 million dollars with one pen stroke and live care-free for the rest of my life. Now all I had to deal with was a really competent broker/investor and my financial future was settled.
Of course my sister knew about all of this, but she was not prepared for the house she saw when I rolled onto the driveway.
"Wow! That's impossible bro!" and then she laughed out loud.
"Well, did you think I'd live in a puny little house sitting on ten million dollars?"
"No, of course not, but I hadn't imagined this!"
I had bought myself an old hunting lodge for a insanely rich family. For some reason they decided to sell it along with the incredibly large piece of land and mountain on which it was sitting. A beautiful mixture of logs and large stones, my house was a two story high wonderland for nature lovers. And even though I made my 6 year career in computers, I still love the outdoors! I think this house was what really convinced me to sell: it was 2 million dollars and even though I was worth more than that at the time, I couldn't pay such an amount without loosing most of my controlling shares.
Anyway, Dasha was giggling in delight now, walking around the mansion and enjoying the view. Oh yes, the last detail: the mansion was on a mountainside and there were more hiking and skiing trails that I could count. Even a small lake an hour or so away. The late summer day was still warm and the imminent sunset was showing all the sings of an incredible show, but Dasha was too tired to really appreciate it right now. I showed her the guest room, across the hall from mine, and she dropped on the bed, falling asleep instantly.
At first I thought that she was kidding, but after a minute or so of not responding to my questions, Dasha began to snore lightly. I laughed and decided to get her properly under the blankets. I pulled her running shoes off, then her socks and even pulled the zipper of her pants down until I realized what I was doing. This was not my adolescent sister anymore. She was now 21 years old and a stunning beauty to boot! I started to get off the bed and leave her be, then I shook my head: she was my sister damn it! And even though I had been single for the last year or so, there was no way I was going to see my very own little sister as a sexual object!
Yet as her long legs came into view, I was not so sure anymore. Firm flesh, unblemished skin, nice hips and a tiny little pair of panties. Hmmm. I decided to leave her tee shirt where it was and to simply pull the thin blanket over her. But she was lying *over* the blanket. I began turning her over, saying her name so that she would wake up for a second or two. But she didn't wake up and I had to turn her over. A thong. That tiny pair of panties were in fact a thong. Oh my God: I was staring at my sister's ass like a lewd old man! By an act of will, I turned her over once more and managed to free the blanket.
I sighed as I closed the door behind me, hoping that she wouldn't mind too much. I was not so sure that undressing her was a good idea anymore, but I was about to put her pants back on! I spent the evening in fear that she would wake up and scream, calling me a pervert from across the house...
She didn't: she slept all the way to 10 o'clock next morning. The first thing I heard from her room as I was cooking breakfast were those words:
"Wow David! This really smells wonderful!" she said in a slightly sleepy voice.
"Eggs and bacon ready for you Dash... You coming?"
"Yeah..." she said through a yawn, walking out of her room.
Naked. Walking out of her room naked. I was staring at her, the bowl of bacon hanging sideways in my hand. Even through a yawn and with her hair in completely wild disarray, Dasha was one of the most sexy things I had ever seen in my life. Her legs were just as long and scrumptious as they had looked yesterday night, her hips just as feminine, but her shaved pussy, slender waist, nicely rounded breasts were something else. She looked like a fantasy coming to life in front of my eyes. Large, probably C-cups breasts with proud pink nipples staring right at me, jiggling with each of her steps...
"Dasha!"
"What?" she said, looking up at me
"You're naked!"
"Yes... Oh, you mind?" She stopped walking, clearly uncomfortable.
"Well, of course!"
"Oh... OK, just give a minute then..."
She turned around and walked back to her room, and I forced myself not to look at her ass. Again. But there it was, in all it's tight, compact and perky glory! The bowl of bacon nearly fell to the floor, but I grasped it firmly and walked to the table. Sitting, while waiting for my sister to return, I tried my best to forget what I had just seen. It was hard. Very hard. Just as my cock was becoming actually. I had outgrown the instant erection nudity caused in young adolescent males, but I wasn't completely immuned either...
Dasha was slightly red faced when she returned, decently dressed, she but smiled at me.
"I'm sorry David... I didn't even thought that it could bother you..."
"I find that hard to believe..."
"No, I mean it." she smiled at me again. "I think you'd like in France my brother. Topless beaches everywhere, nudity among close friends not being a taboo at all... Listen I'm sorry, " she said, placing her hand on my arm. "I didn't mean to embarrass you."
"That's alright. I was... surprised I guess. I was actually worried that you might be angry with me for undressing you last night. "
"Really? Aw, that's sweet David..." she grinned at me. "But I'm not a little girl anymore: I don't mind if you look at me, especially if all you wanted was to make me more comfortable. So, what about that bacon?"
We ate together while bringing each other up to date on our lives. Apparently her life in France was not all that great. She hadn't manage to make any real friends, her bad French being a major obstacle. Her relationship with her husband had been steadily degrading for the past five or six months, and she had seen the inevitable break-up coming for the last two. Dasha hadn't known what to do, all alone in France with no one to talk to. She hadn't managed to find the courage to call even me, the closest person in her life since she decided to leave.
In the end she had had no choices, and I told her that I was really glad that she turned to me. She cried a few tears during breakfast, but as the crisis had been going on for two months, she was not completely in shambles. After eating more bacon than I thought she would, judging by her slim figure, Dasha got up and wanted to take in the sun on my deck.
"You'd think I'd spend most of my summer days naked under the sun in the south of France, but the weather is really weird. When you expect it to be dry it's humid and vice-versa, and at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, every afternoon, everything just becomes ridiculous."
"Go ahead... Nothing like the north-eastern states for a good tan!"
Dasha laughed at the joke, but added: "As weird as it sounds you're right David! For me at least... Now, you *would* mind if I tanned naked?" she asked, her head lowered, a little smile on her lips.
"Yes. Sorry if I'm not French enough for you, but I'm not comfortable looking at my sister naked."
"Ok then. I understand if you don't find me pretty..."
Oh damn it... She was trying to play with me. "Stop it you little pest!" We laughed at her old pet name. "If you're fishing for compliments, do it directly!"
She waited. "Well?"
"You serious Dasha? Oh, OK then. Now then. You really, really look good Dasha... Do you remember how I told you you'd become a beauty queen? Well, here you are."
"Thanks big brother..." she leaned over and kissed me. On the mouth. A short, dry kiss, but still...
As she walked back to her room, I assumed it was another one of those French customs... I went downstairs to clean up the mess there, in the room where all the useless junk I bought went. I admit, I spent my first millionaire year buying a truckload of worthless gadgets, toys and random things. After a while I wised up, but I still couldn't throw those things away.
When I walked back up an hour later, Dasha was still tanning on the deck, face down. She was covered with water, probably having taken a quick dip in the pool, and she was also wearing a bikini thong. And nothing else, of course. I sighed, looking at the beauty tanning on my deck. She had curves that could make a pope hard, and even though I was her brother I couldn't help enjoying the view.
Her head was turned the other way and I leaned against the window to take a good look. Long thin legs, but smooth and curved just right. She was thin, but her legs were just gorgeous, not too thin like so many models. But her ass was just unbelievable. Small and narrow like the rest of her body, but bulbous, more rounded than any ass had a right to be. It bulged up from her lean thighs and curved back down into the small of her back and to her elfin waist. Water had dribbled down from her ass and back to that little valley, some of it trapped in the chasm between her back muscles.
I could see the side of her left breast, all smooth and firm. Her long ginger hair all pushed to the side revealed her delicate shoulders and neck, and even a small tattoo I had never heard about! From afar it looked like a little character, but I couldn't be sure. It was placed right below her hair line, and may very well be the second person to ever see it!
But that ass of hers was just too much. I sat down on a chair and stared at it shamelessly, trembling when she moved, pushing it up for a few seconds. Computers had given me 10 million dollars (and counting, if we considered the interests), but it had also severely restricted my choice of girlfriends. Somehow I had never found an attractive girl that interested me romantically. And in any case most of those attractive girls wouldn't even give me the time of day. For a time Dasha's friends had been barely fair game, but none of them saw me as anything else than Dasha's big brother. I could have been the key to beer and a car, but it seemed it wasn't enough. Despite all this I'd had three steady girlfriends and a few adventures, but none of them had looked anything like Dasha was looking now. I think I'd give half my money to bury my face between those buttocks of hers!
But I shook my head, trying to clean it from that incestual bullshit. I got up, removed my tee-shirt and joined Dasha on the deck. Knowing I couldn't let her see my cock underneath my boxers, I ran straight for the pool and jumped. I'd really needed that cold water on my cock! I jumped up from the depths, shouting:
"Whew! That's colder than I thought!"
Dasha looked up, smiling. "You didn't have to jump into it silly!" she laughed, careful to keep her breasts decently hidden.
"I don't like waiting for my body to adjust slowly... I prefer the shock therapy than the slow torture!"
"Suit yourself!"
I made a few laps, happy to see that my body was cooling down. After a while I looked up and saw Dasha looking at me. She was sitting up, her bikini top where it belonged, looking at me.
"Why don't you stand up for me David?"
"Why?"
"I want to see what you look like after all those years..." she said, a mischievous gleam i her eyes.
I stood up, in the shallow end, and reddened when she whistled at me. "Oh please stop Dasha!"
"No, I'm serious... If you'd had a body like that four years ago, my friends would have fought each other to have you!"
"Come on..."
"What's happening? Have you become the one unable to accept compliments now?"
I splashed her with water and she squealed. I did it a second time as she was getting up and saw that she was running towards me. "Now you're going to get it big brother!" And she jumped down in the water, nearly drowning me with the huge splash. I tried getting away, but I was already inordinately nervous: we were obviously going to have a little fight in the pool. I read too many erotic stories not to realize just how dangerous the situation was. But damn it, Dasha was my sister! What would it matter if we accidentally felt each other up? It's not like anything was going to happen! And Dasha seemed completely oblivious to the implications of such a fight, with nothing but boxers and a tiny bikini between us and full nudity.
Actually she clearly didn't care at all. As I was jumping away from her she grabbed my foot and pulled me back. When I turned around and roared, she laughed and squealed. I grabbed that tiny waist of hers and threw her bodily towards the deeper end of the pool. I jumped after her but before I could do anything she had grabbed me by the shoulders and pushed me under. Blindly I grabbed her thighs and used her body to pull myself up. Then Dasha did something that would inextricably change the rest of this fight.
I was expecting a casual fight with equally casual slips of the hands, thighs, asses and breasts tentatively fair game. But when she grabbed my boxers and pulled them down to my knees, my eyes opened wide in surprise. As I scrambled to pull them back up, she pushed me down again, laughing loudly. I tried swimming back to the shallow end but she was right behind me, pulling me down and splashing me. I finally managed to get my knees on the bottom and pull my boxers off.
"Ah ah! Afraid to show your little behind David?" Dasha was laughing really hard.
"And you? Afraid to show yours?"
And I grabbed her under her shoulders and pulled her up until she stood in the shallow end. She was laughing so hard that she was barely able to resist. When I turned her around and looked at her ass, I found *myself* unable to resist: I spanked her tight little ass. And I immediately my mind screamed to itself: "WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST DO?"
Dasha turned around, dead serious, and screamed the same thing at me. My eyes were wide opened in surprise: I just couldn't believe myself. In front of me, Dasha frowned, rubbing her left buttock.
"What's wrong with you David? Too long without a girlfriend and you think that your sexy little sister won't mind if you paw her?"
"No! I never meant to..." I was stammering, completely flushed in shame... "Oh Dasha I'm so sorry! Please—"
But then I was cut off, finding myself flying backwards until I splashed in the deep end of the pool. When I surfaced Dasha was bent over in laughter, slapping her scrumptious thighs with her hands. "You fell for it big brother! I can't believe it!" Her eyes were closed, and she never saw me coming. I was still slightly in shock about the whole thing, but I knew I had to keep going regardless. I jumped towards her and grabbed her in my arms. Then, with my left hand completely opened on her ass, I pushed her as far as I could back towards the deep end.
And immediately jumped after her once again. But this time there was going to be no quarters given. We fought above and below the waterline, tickling and pushing each other underwater. Our hands were beginning to be less and less picky about what they grabbed, and at one point her hand slipped up from my thigh, underneath my boxers and directly onto my ass. Dasha squeezed her hand, feeling my butt. Above the water she said: "Ooohh David, you've really been working out!" And then she pinched me hard. I pushed her away as she was laughing, but now I was against the side of the pool.
I leaped onto her as she was trying to move away. I reached up and grabbed her waist, wanting to pull her back. But she twisted and my hands slipped. All the way down her wonderful ass, hips and thighs. A mere fraction of a second: my fingers were numb with bliss, my cock pulling on my blood like a vacuum. Slick skin, smooth flesh, perky ass. I felt her supple skin give way under my thumbs, and discovered instantly that never before had I felt such a wonderful body before.
Then immediately afterward I discovered something else: I was holding Dasha's thong in my hands. As if the long caress hadn't been enough, my face reddened even more and I threw it towards Dasha. She saw my discomfiture and laughed: "What's wrong David? Afraid I'll jump you without it?" My eyes widened just a bit. She saw it. "Oooohhh, that's what it is... Well, you're damn right I will!"
This time I really tried to get away as fast as I could. Because as embarrassing as geting out of the pool with a hard-on would be, it would be a lot worse if she noticed it by feeling it against her. Sadly, I didn't get to the ladder in time. She bear-hugged me from behind, with nothing on other than a bikini top. I could feel her mound against my boxers. We were sinking together, and I had to squirm around to free myself. In the fight we ended up facing each other and I felt my cock pressed against her belly. Her lower belly. She froze for a second and let me go, but I could hear her laughing all the way up underwater.
I couldn't look at her and slowly swam away, afraid that this time she'd berate me for good. But she didn't.
"Listen David." From the corner of my eyes I could see her putting her bikini back on.
"What?" I said, still unwilling to turn around.
"I don't mind. I really don't. Look at me David. You're 27 years old damn it! Not a little schoolboy. " Her tone was harsh, but she was smiling.
I turned and looked at her. "What?" I dumbly repeated, conscious that my face was still red and despite my embarrassment my cock was still hard.
"God I don't why you've suddenly become so prude! David, I'm you're sister and I know that guys don't have total control over their cocks..."
I nodded as she sat beside me on the stairs. My cock was still hard, but it was hidden by the shifting waves. "Yeah, but still... I *am* you're brother. I should be the last guy to have an... to have a..."
"An erection for me. Yes, I know. But would you be surprised to hear that you're the *first* guy to have one for me in months?"
"What?" I turned towards her.
"Oh...' she sighed deeply. "John hasn't been able to get it up for me for the last two or three months. You know how self-conscious I am... Can you guess how terrible it had been? And when I heard him masturbating in the next room, in the middle of the night, I knew that it was because he didn't think I was desirable anymore."
"Now wait a minute Dasha, it's not because—"
"Save it David. I don't care anymore. Not much anyway. " She took another sigh, more vigorous this time. "So please don't be ashamed. If we hadn't talked about it I would simply have considered it a wonderful compliment!" She giggled. "I would never have told you about it, but now that you know all this... I'm very happy to see that there's at least one cock that's happy to see me!"
And we laughed together at her comment. She got up and slowly walked down the stairs back into the pool. Once more, despite everything, my eyes were staring at her ass. So small and cheerleader-like, it could almost fit in my two opened hands. When Dasha spoke I realized that she had been looking at me, grinning.
"What? Looking at my ass? Are you only wondering whether you left a spank mark, or are you... *looking* at my ass?"
"Oh, damn it Dash... Don't tease me!" I was smiling by then.
"At least I see that you're not *that* embarrassed about this..."
And she dived down, letting me see her ass as she bent down and jumped. Too sweet. Way too sweet. I got up as she was underwater and quickly got inside. I was dying to masturbate and get rid of this tension, but the thought masturbating to my own sister was a bit too disturbing... And I knew I wouldn't be able to think about anyone else now, so I kept it all inside me.
Dasha joined me a few hours later for a late lunch and an idea: camping. We did a lot of such camping trips in the past, before she left for France, and I thought that those days were long over. We packed a few things in addition to my basic camping gear and were ready to go. Instead of driving to some remote location, Dasha wanted to stay on my land. And as we easily had a few walking days of distance in any direction, I agreed with her suggestion.
We walked a few hours in the afternoon and a few hours more until the sun began setting. We found a quiet spot, fire-safe, and set up the tent. It was small, but very light and designed for two: a few minutes was all it took to install. We had been picking up dry wood for the last twenty minutes or so and soon had the fire blazing. We ate our trail dinner and relaxed in the wilderness.
"So David, I can't believe that you don't have any girlfriend... With that body of yours, and all that money, I'd think you'd be fighting them off!"
"Well, the money's the real problem... I do meet a lot of women, but most people around here know who I am and just how rich I became a few years ago. Suddenly everybody's smiling at me, being overly friendly. So I never know if women are interested in me, or just my money. Sounds classic, but that's my situation..."
"I understand that, but David it's been a year since you last slept with a girl! Why not let the sexiest of those sluts into your bed for a few nights?"
"Oh come Dash, you know I'd never do that!"
"Why not? They're trying to get at your money! The least you could do is to get at their bodies!" We laughed together.
"I don't think so..."
"You have to find a solution, otherwise you're going to explode!" She smiled, looking at me sideways, "Or is that why you had that hard-on earlier?"
"Dasha! Stop it!" But I was laughing with her.
My little sister pulled out a surprise: a small bottle of Whiskey. Small, yet more than big enough to get us both drunk. And that's exactly what we did. The fire was great, the weather cooler but still nice, our reunion, her breakup with her dork, and a new beginning for the camping trips! All reasons to celebrate! Yet even though I didn't know if drinking myself into a drunken state was a good idea right now, I just stopped worrying and drank with Dasha...
Morning came and the sky was mostly cleared, although my head was not. The weather was still fine, but not as glorious as it had been yesterday. Our plan was to keep walking further, to the bigger lake I hadn't visited by land, and then head back. If we head out early, we could be there by two this afternoon. But if clouds come in...
The night had also been mostly clear: nothing weird happened between Dasha and me. She always slept in the nude, she said, but was decent enough to remove her clothes only when she was inside her sleeping bag. Still, seeing her with nothing but a sheer lace bra as she moved around was enough to double the length of my cock. Not a full erection, but a solid and heavy cock swinging between my legs. And I really didn't try to hide it, as it was peaking out of my boxers. Not that I was *that* well hung, but because the boxers were old and very short. Dasha laughed when she saw it, then whistled. In the state I was, I merely laughed with her and slowly got into my sleeping bag next to her. I could feel her body pressed against mine, but I quickly fell asleep. ...who the hell goes hiking with a bra like that?
We managed to shake off the hangover, Dasha faster than me as she was younger, but as I was in much better shape than she was I was able to keep a steady pace. And I had to admit that, as I was looking at those thin legs of hers some of the time, she was not the soft city girl I had dreaded. By mid-morning she was walking fast, with a good rhythm. So that's why, after a brief pause for lunch, we made it to the second and much bigger lake by two o'clock.
Dasha squealed like a little girl when she saw it and the small sandy beach beside. It was only ten feet deep by 30 feet wide, give or take a few feet, but apparently it was enough for my sister.
"The water's going to be pretty cold Dash..."
"I know, but all I want to wash the sweat off me and work on my tan!"
"That tan of yours, is that all you're working on?"
"Ah ah!" she replied mirthlessly. "What's the point of being on vacation if you don't work on your tan?"
"I'm not in vacation! This is my home." I replied, smiling.
"Well, sadly it's not mine. I don't know how long you'll tolerate me here, but eventually I'll have to go and find a place to live... Now, if you're still shy about nudity, turn around because I'm changing into my bathing suit right here!"
I did turn around, thinking that she *would* be leaving soon. I didn't want her to leave. Then again, I couldn't offer her to live with me, brother and sister living together. Could I? Some of my friends did that for College, but then again if she came to live with me it would be no temporary arrangement. Was that decent? did I really want this, knowing that I can barely control myself when she's teasing me?
All through those reflections, I often stole glances at her. Wow. She was wonderful in the sun, her long ginger hair whipping around in the wind. Thin, tall, with a bubbly ass and equally lively and bouncy breasts. She saw me looking at her and simply smiled back at me. She ran to the shore and tasted the water with her feet. Another squeal. I was sure that she wouldn't be able to dive, but she eventually did. When she came out, her nipples were poking out and her hair were covering half of her upper body.
By that time I had undressed and had nothing on but my swimsuit, but had no intentions of jumping in the lake. Of course, my sister had other ideas: she walked by slowly, talking about nothing important, but she jumped on me when she got close enough. She was wet and cold and she shock made me scream in surprise. She wrapped her legs around my waist and her arms around my neck, forcing me to hold her against me. For a few seconds I tried to pull her off me for she was too cold, but soon her warmth finally got to me. Opened thighs, bikini clad pussy against my belly, breasts against my chest, arms around my neck, her face against my cheek...
How long had it been since any other girl had so wrapped herself around me? When I squeezed her tighter she felt the change and placed a hand behind my head. We both stopped laughing and enjoyed the moment for what it was. When she climbed down she looked at me with a peaceful smile, but didn't say a word. I thought that she would go find her blanket and lie down in the sun. Sadly, she saw my erection tenting my swimsuit and laughed.
"Oh no David! Aren't you ashamed of being hard for your poor, defenseless little sister?"
"Stop that... You're teasing the hell out of me and I won't bother trying to hide the result of your teasing anymore."
"*I'm* teasing you? As I recalled it was you who hugged me right there..."
She was right, of course, but that didn't explain her jumping up in my arms nearly naked! After that slightly embarrassing incident she did go to her blanket and lied down. Of course, she had to do it now, she asked me to put sunscreen on her back. By the time I had knelt beside her, her top was off. Not merely untied, but thrown to her side. I had knelt beside her, but then I realize that she was still teasing me, probably wanting my erection to become even more obvious, even more awkward.
So I grabbed the little bottle and straddled her thighs, just as I would have done had Dasha been my girlfriend. She didn't say a word, didn't even look back at me. My sister had a great back: very long and lean muscles, no blemishes or tattoos, no tan lines or ugly beauty marks, just a very beautiful back. But even though my hands were sliding all over it, my eyes couldn't move away from her ass. An ass that was only barely hidden by a thong. It was wonderful, not merely beautiful... Pert and perky, bubbling with sexiness, young curves in succulent contrast to the thinness of the rest of her body. Even though she was lying face down, and that my weight was preventing her from moving, it seemed like her ass was turned upward, outward until it shone like a red flower in the snow.
After a few minutes I had to stop and I moved to get up.
"Where are you going? You're not done yet..."
"What?"
"Do you want me to get a sunburn on my ass? If I do, you won't be able to spank me anymore..." and she giggled.
There were countless things I should have replied: you can do it yourself; you won't get a sunburn anyway, it's too late in the summer; I' not planning to spank you again; and the best one: shut your mouth you dirty tease! What did I reply? absolutely nothing. I opened the bottle, poured some cream and rubbed my hands together, nearly salivating.
When my hands finally touched her ass, both cheeks at the same time, my erection lurched in my swimsuit. I was already fully hard, but now I was twitching with pleasure. Her ass was decently firm, but it was most importantly tender. Not soft like a lazy girl's ass, but just perfectly tender, between firm and soft. My hands were feeling it every which way, pinching it lightly, pulling her cheeks apart, up or in circles, massaging it and tracing the fine line between her asscheeks and thighs. At one point I even slipped one thumb under her thong and caressed her skin from her lower back nearly all the way down to her anus.
Still, even though I was clearly not trying to apply sunscreen, Dasha was silent. I did a series of full-hand squeezes, pulling her flesh up before letting it bounce back down, amazed at the young ass. I even pushed my thumbs deeper than they had a right to be between her legs, then pulled her flesh to the side as my hands moved apart. I could see her pussy lips stretching slightly out of her thong, then slipping back underneath. I even dared to slap her cheeks lightly from the side, watching them jiggle a few times. Then a few slaps from above, to see them flowing and bouncing back up... I was in heaven.
Eventually I had to stop. I got up, turned around and dove into the lake to cool down, not even registering the cold water shock. When I looked back, Dasha had propped herself on her elbows and was looking at me. She smiled, clearly winked at me, and lied back down. Once more I fought the urge to masturbate in the lake, but the much too cold water was preventing any kind of sustained erection in any case. But it was clear that I was building up some serious sexual tension here!
I got back out and lied down beside Dasha to warm myself up. the rest of the afternoon and evening went by without a hitch. We didn't talk about the ass massage I had given her, but we had a lot of fun talking for hours. The weather was turning though. My tent was a good one, but not exactly built to resist rain. We found a spot underneath huge trees and hoped that it would be all right.
We went to bed with a few sips of whiskey, but nothing like yesterday. I stayed awake longer, enjoying the feeling of her body against mine, even through the sleeping bags. And knowing that she was completely naked was also a thrill. I heard her falling asleep and I relaxed beside her, hearing the first drops of rain falling around us. Not a storm but a summer's end rainfall. Before falling asleep I hoped that the tent would not leak...
Unfortunately it did. I woke up a few hours later, and even though the rain had stopped, my entire left leg was wet and really cold. I slipped out of my sleeping bag and saw that there was a small pool of water against the left wall. Looking all around, I was relieved to find no more leaks. Dasha woke up as I was looking around.
"What's wrong?" she whispered, even though we were completely alone.
"The damn tent's got a leak."
"Oh. Well, it' not raining anymore at least..."
"No. Are you wet?" I didn't even realize what I had just asked until she replied.
"Not anymore. "
Damn! Had the tease been masturbating in her bag? Is that what she was really saying? She giggled and confirmed my thoughts...
"Er, OK then. But *my* bag's drenched. I'm going to dress and sleep over it."
"Don't be silly, ...silly! You'll freeze and won't sleep at all. Come here with me. We can share mine."
"I'll never fit in there Dash."
"Sure you will."
"Ok, but put something on first. "
"What? Oh not this again! Please David..."
"I'm serious. At least put your panties back on."
"What panties? I have no panties with me."
A pause. "Put your thong then."
Dasha sighed in the complete darkness, but managed to find her thong. She made it snap against her hips. "Here, satisfied? No come here, I'm freezing!" I heard her unzipping the side of her sleeping bag. I tried lying down on my back, but I would never be able to close the bag. Dasha, probably knowing this as well, was already on her side, facing away from me. I knew what I had to do, but I was not sure I ready to do it. I had to spoon my baby sister, trapped inside a sleeping bag, with an old pair of boxers and a thong for decency. This was going to be hard.
I managed to zip up the bag and settled against Dasha. I could feel her warm skin all over mine, from her back and ass to her thighs, calves and feet. My face was also lying right against her hair. She smelled good, of the forest, of the lake, of her... I didn't know what to do with my upper arm, and decided to place it on my hip. It was uncomfortable, but I was not about to slip it between my sister's breasts, as is usual in that position.
I woke up with a start, still in the middle of the night, with my arm warmly nestled right were I didn't want it to go. I could feel the skin of her breasts, hot and sweaty, lying against my forearm. Dasha's arm was above mine, but she wasn't holding my hand. My cock was already pumping its way, in fits and twitches, to a nasty erection. Slipping out from my boxers it was pulling them up, freeing itself and rubbing against my sister's ass.
How the fuck did things like that happen so fast! My brain was down in my cock, I was hot, holding a marvelously beautiful girl in my arms, breathing in her smell, my nose buried into her nape, lost in her hair... What was I to do? Softly I pulled my arm away from her breasts and moved it down until I was cupping her left breast. Her skin was so warm and soft; shivers ran down my arm. Her nipple was soft and fully relaxed in my hand, the fully developed breast pliant and yielding under my fingers.
I began exploring Dasha's breast with my fingers slowly, not wanting to wake her up. Whenever I squeezed a finger I felt her compact breast reacting, bulging under my other fingers. When I squeezed my fingers all in sequence her breast seemed to dance under my palm. I couldn't feel any fat, any over-softness: Dasha's breasts, at 21 years of age, late-bloomers, were all flesh, all breasts, a thriving sensual delight.
Even if I couldn't see it at all, I could feel the elusive contour of her aureole, the slight bumps and different skin surrounding her nipple. As my thumb was teasing it, twisting it around, the little nub was beginning to harden, all delicate that it was. Leaving it harden on its own, I moved my hand lower and cupped the smooth curve below her breast, feeling the smooth, evanescent line between it and her chest. I had barely believed it when I saw her naked the day before yesterday, but my fingers were confirming it: there was absolutely no sag to those breasts. They were a very round C-cup, the kind some women pay to have implanted, but although they were all natural, they didn't sag at all.
And as I began playing around freely with that little corner of paradise, I realized that I was feeling my sister up, going to second base as if she were a lover. And for the moment, with my brain down at its battle station, I didn't care at all. In fact, when I flexed my cock and felt the sweat between it and Dasha's ass, my heart lurched in excitement. I angled my hips differently and slipped my cock between her cheeks. Oh dear god in heaven.
Soon after, realizing just how sweltering it was down there, I reached down with my hand and pushed my cock between her thighs. I was already leaking pre-cum and her thighs were covered in sweat in any case. The first penetration, along her bikini-clad pussy, was wonderful. Nowhere near as wonderful as a real penetration, but in my pent-up condition, it was enough to make me tremble all over. and then I heard Dasha giggling.
"Enjoying yourself David?" she whispered.
"Uh, er... yeah..."
She laughed again. "Why don't you pull my thong off and see how many penetrations you'll be able to complete before cumming?"
My hand, who had still been on her ass, squeezed her left cheek strongly. I was going to fuck her really nicely. She lifted her ass up to let me pull her thong down, and I felt her pulling it completely off.
"Why did make me put it on David... Had you not, I would have fucked you as soon as you would have come inside my bag."
"Well, I'm going to try and make up for the lost time." I said, breathing hard and not fully realizing what I was saying or what was really happening.
My cock slapped against her ass when she finished twisting around her thong, and quickly I felt her hand pulling me towards her hole. "Fuck me David..." she breathed out. And I did. For about 10 penetrations; 10 penetrations into sheer bliss! A young pussy, that had not known a cock for the past three months, that was wet and ready, more than ready in fact. She was burning hot, to the point where I wondered if my glans was not going to be irritated.
But as I exploded and came inside her, Dasha was moaning and pushing back against my cock. Feeling my seed filing my sister's pussy, knowing that it was reaching every nook and crannies of her most intimate place, was a completely life-altering sensation. My orgasm, even if it been coming for the past few days, was mind-blowing. And it must have been the same for Dasha as she came a minute or so later. It's either that or her fingers that I could feel flurrying on her clit. She cried out in fits, small bursts of pleasure that overflowed.
When she calmed down I could already feel my cock deflating inside her. I was ready to pull out and apologize, but she stopped me. "Don't pull out. I'm glad you came so fast David. Give me a few minutes and I'll show you something that may surprise you..." And then she immediately began milking my cock with her muscles, twisting her hips and ass and keeping y erection alive. And then she began talking.
"Ever had anal sex David?" she asked, still breathless from her quick climax.
I didn't answer, only felt my cock twitch inside her at the mention of anal sex.
"Ooohhh, you never had it before? Never felt your cock sliding deep inside a girl's asshole, the last refuge of her intimacy, the place more secret even than her pussy... Wanna take my ass big brother? You had ample opportunity to play with it earlier, but I guess you didn't even *see* my asshole."
"...no, I didn't." Never before in my life did I have such a faint and thin voice...
"Well, wanna give it a try? As soon as you're hard enough, you're welcome to pull out and push back in, deep and slow."
My cock felt like it doubled in size when she said that. I heard Dasha spitting and then bring her hand against my belly, then her ass. The thrill I felt when I realized that she was lubricating her asshole, for me the brother who was going to sodomize her, was incredible. My cock was now nearly as hard as it could and I could barely believe it: the last time I got hard so fast after an orgasm was when I was 16 years old! I began to slowly fuck her pussy as she kept adding more spit. Then she said: "Ok David, pull out and slip up just a bit... Hmmm, yeah, that's it. Ok now push up slowly..."
When I felt her asshole beginning to stretch around the head of my cock, I moaned. Dasha groaned and purred, backing herself deeper against my body. With my hand on her hip I kept pushing in deeper. Dasha was breathing faster and louder with ever second. I could feel her body clenching, becoming taut then relaxing. Her moans began to sound painful, then a strange mix of pain and delight. And suddenly my head popped inside. My mouth opened in surprise, feeling my cock locked inside my sister's asshole, and she took a few sharp breaths, frozen in my arms.
"God this is good, but damn it its painful!"
"Want me to pull out?" I asked, fearing her reply.
"Oh no, don't you even think about pulling out. The hardest part's done. ...but this isn't the best position for this. Unzip the bag David."
I did. Slowly, with the head of my cock unbelievably inside Dasha's ass, we got up on our knees. It felt completely unreal, having the head of my cock firmly gripped by her ass, between the asscheeks I had dreamed about for so long now! Yet never in my wildest fantasies had I ever dreamed of sodomizing a girl, much less my very own sister. And now that I was on my knees behind Dasha, on all fours, it felt even naughtier. Dasha echoed my thoughts exactly:
"This isn't the best position either, but it's so dirty that it feels a lot better. Now David, drop some spit on my asshole."
"Oh God Dasha! I just realized how long I've been hoping that you'd say that to me!"
We laughed together, my cock still gripped by her ass.
"Seriously Dash, I can't see a thing..."
"Oh..."
Searching with her hands she located the torchlight and turned it on. When I saw what I had been feeling for the past few minutes, I nearly past out. The sight of Dasha's small round ass, flaring out from her tiny waist, all opened up for me... And then, right in the middle of those perfect curves, my cock was buried inside her. And I was not in her pussy, looking at her tight asshole with a trace of sinful pleasure. I was *in* her asshole, in my little sister's asshole, and she was loving every minute of it.
I let a big drop of spit fall down against my cock and her asshole. Putting a hand on her ass I rubbed it around my shaft and pushed in. Her pussy juice on my cock and both our spits combined to make a decent lubricant. Dazed, bewildered, I watched as my cock slowly disappeared in her ass. My hands were on those slim hips of her, as I watched her immaculate ass eating my cock. Dasha's head and torso were moving around, as if she were a flag in a wild wind. She was moaning and groaning, whispering that she couldn't believe how good it felt, how deep she wanted me to go, how hard I was going to fuck her ass when she'll be used to my size...
And then I bottomed out, less than an inch from the hilt. Dasha took a sharp intake of breath and I stopped. And began fucking her. The long trip, the first penetration, my first ass, had been a mind-boggling experience. But feeling her ass holding me back as I pulled nearly all the way out was just as unbelievable. And then the first real fucking penetration; a wave of pleasure flowing all over me.
After that, implausible as it was, I was fucking my sister's ass. In and out, in an out, long strokes of pure pleasure. I spat a few drops of spit from time to time, mesmerized by the sight: they fell and disappeared on and around cock, insuring that my first ass fuck would be a great one. And God it was! My hands were moving all over her ass and hips, reveling in the warm skin and supple flesh, all the while my cock was doing the forbidden dance inside her ass.
I began slamming into her harder and once more, moans of pain and pleasure rang out inside the tent. "Faster... faster David... Fuck me harder, fuck my ass..." What else could I do? I grasped her hips and fucked her ass. Hard. Harder than I thought was possible. She was sighing and moaning, long and passionate moans: she was going to cum soon. Whether she had a hand on her clit again or if she could cum just by anal stimulation I didn't care at this point.
All I cared about was the sight of her ass in my hands, my cock in her asshole and the deluge of feelings I was drowning in. Both physical and emotional: I was fucking the hell out of my sister's ass! Just how much wrong could someone go? And at the same time, just how more fantastic could sex be? Sin and delight all wrapped around each other, just as Dasha was dealing with pleasure and pain.
Then she crumbled forward, shaking and trembling as her climax was taking over. Holding on to her I followed and the impact drove me deeper into her. I was hilting her, buried as deep as I was ever going to go inside her. My thrusts became frantic, mindless assfucking, as my thoughts coalesced in the head of my cock.
And then it exploded; the spasms I could feel from Dasha rippled through my cock and triggered my own climax. My moans and screams joined hers, joined my sister's voice. Less then twenty minutes after having filled her pussy with my seed, I was spurting even more cum inside her ass. Biting her neck through all her hair, I came and came, pleasure pulsing like a living thing inside me.
Spreading my legs and raising myself on my arms I kept fucking her ass with the deepest strokes I could manage. My cock was burning with sensations and my climax was fading away, but Dasha was still trashing and moaning with pleasure. At one point she began shivering and curled up beneath me. I fell on my side, pulling her against me, spooning her again. My hand was mauling her breasts frantically, but we were both in our last bursts of pleasure.
We were breathing both so hard that I think the tent was getting bigger and smaller every second. Then Dasha began laughing, hard, as she squeezed my hand against her breasts.
"My *GOD* that was good David! You can't imagine..." a few deep breaths, "how long I've been needing a cock deep in my ass!"
"Such sweet words, dear sister!" We laughed together.
"You have no idea, big brother..."
We were emphasizing the words, sucking every last drop of sinful pleasure out of our situation. I think we fell asleep briefly, my cock still inside her ass, before waking up again, shivering with cold. We were drenched with sweat and the cool night air woke us up. My cock was now quite smaller, but Dasha was holding it inside her. "Let's fall asleep like that again David... I want to get used to having you inside my ass." I groaned against her neck when she said that, and tried my best to pull the sleeping bag over the both of us.
We made it back home two days later, my cock and Dasha's pussy and ass sorer than we could remember. When we jumped into the lake to wash the morning after our first reunion, to wash each other, we ended up fucking again. And then again when we stopped for lunch. Right now we were sharing a warm bath together, and her fingers were slowly coaxing my cock to life again. We had decided, on our way back, that Dasha would stay with me for a while. A long while, hopefully.