Chapter 6: Briefly, Prudence
Martha and Kelly made plans to meet for coffee later in the week. Then she was left alone with... the thing. Her roommate Becky Ann would be gone for hours. Beth and Julie were at a concert all evening. There was no time like the present. But she had homework to do.
But none of it was due tomorrow, so fuck it. She deserved this.
Kelly took the thing along with the instruction manual and the complimentary bottle of Ultra Lube 5000 into the communal bathroom. The tiny blonde scooted it lower on the shower wall to match pussy height backing onto it. She pushed hard to really stick it. With the water off, the suction cup worked well. She panicked because she thought she had inadvertently made the thing into a new bathroom fixture. Her roommates would all see this elaborate perverted sex toy she had. If life wasn't bad enough! She would die then. But she found the release valve. It popped right off. Whew! Okay, she stuck it back on the shower wall.
She clicked on the Responsive Mode switch. It just sat there, neutrally. If it were a man, it would be about half erect. What the heck, she thought she'd give it a little test. The dimensions of this thing were not modest. In fact, it reminded her of Scott. Fuck him to death. This was just a toy. "Lll!" she wolfed it down her throat a bit. Wow! It leaped and throbbed just like a real dick would do under the circumstances. She slid off it. It was more erect. And it also had a pulse. Pulse. Pulse. It was happy. This was surreal.
She slathered the lube all over it, which made it just a bit happier. She painted up her cooch pretty thoroughly as well. Some lube spilled onto the shower floor. She rinsed it away so she wouldn't slip. Otherwise, she could see the headline now, "Porn Actress Dies in Shower Sex Toy Mishap."
Kelly backed onto the toy gently, rubbed her opening on the tip. It throbbed. Nice. She teased and poked her opening for a while with it. It was very warm, a little hot even. It felt great. She was actually getting pretty close to cumming. The thing was getting harder, too, like the feel of her opening right there was exciting it.
Okay, time to take that head. It was pretty stiff, so she pushed firmly, and it was in. It felt good. She had her hands well braced on the opposite wall. She was now going to fuck herself silly on this thing. It was throbbing. Time to take it all. Oh, it filled her, throbbing. She kept pushing until she was pretty much full. Then boom! The thing elongated and thrust into her, rocked into her pussy like it owned her. "Gaaaa!" she croaked wordlessly.
It was off to the races, faster than any man. It filled her, took her shamelessly, urgently, continuously. It raped her. "Oh!... Oh!... YEEEEEAH!!" it was a good orgasm that rippled through her body. This robot had certainly beat four out of five boyfriends already. "YAAAAA!" It started thrusting in about four inches FARTHER. It was MASSIVE. She was already close again. It reminded her of, she wouldn't say it, "SCOTT!!!! OH FUCK ME! NNNNNGH!"
"SCOTT! AAAAAEAH! TAKE ME, YOU MOTHERFUCKER! UUGH! I'M YOUR DIRTY WHORE! OHGOD! NNNUH!" Now that the floodgates were open, all the frustration Kelly had been feeling about Scott came pouring out of her along with her passionate squirts. She was coming to terms with it. She was cumming.
An hour later, she was sitting on the floor of the shower. Her pussy had that ache it had after she'd taken Scott that day, except more scraped up. It had been good. It had been really good. It had been better than any self-service imaginable. She hadn't stopped croaking out Scott's name even as she went hoarse from her cries.
That part had to stop! She named her toy Prudence, after the quality. She didn't want to shout any man's name while using that thing. Think of the embarrassment if she happened to date a guy with the same name. So Prudence it became, or Pru for short.
While she was in her Incompleteness and Undecidability class, a new text message came to her phone. The number was new, not in her address book. "It's Scott. I got your number from Martin. I was concerned because of all the attention. I wanted to give you my number in case you wanted to talk." She frowned and went back to taking notes on the lecture.
That evening, she was three orgasms into her shower stall date with Prudence. Barely started. She looked at the message again. She remembered the look of overwhelming pleasure on Scott's face as he thrust into her for the first time. She remembered the shaft of Scott's cock in her, disappearing, disappearing. "SCOTT!" she cried in shaking, quivering orgasm. She was dripping onto the floor. She almost fell over. Her renaming was not going well.
"Are you... ohmygod," said her roommate Becky Ann, who had needed to pee.
"Wait!" she tried to tell her toy. "I'm... ha! Ah! AAAH!" She'd had a nasty fantasy that had persisted for a week of almost this exact thing. With infinite resolve, she slid off the thrusting member. Becky Ann stared at it, transfixed. It was erect. Throbbing. Unsatisfied looking. Kelly looked at her roommate guiltily. "This is embarrassing," she said. "It's a toy."
"It looks alive," Becky Ann wondered. "Not that I've... seen..."
"You've never seen a boy's dick?" Kelly said skeptically.
"Well, once or twice," said Becky Ann. "But not a full... sized..."
"Well, this one is pretty big as they go," said Kelly. "In my limited experience, that is."
"Limited, hah," Becky Ann snickered. "We all know."
It was like a punch in the gut. "I'm not..." She was going to say she wasn't a dirty slut, a whore. But she was a dirty slut and a whore who'd sold her body to millions of furiously masturbating men. And she'd sold it to women too, if Martha and Anna were any indication. "I'm sorry," she said.
"If I had a man like that," Becky Ann breathed, "I wouldn't be hanging out here on a Saturday night, even with that thing."
"It's complicated," Kelly said.
"Look, I've never had a boyfriend, so I can't judge," said Becky Ann. "But he asked you to marry him, and you're going to have his baby. Are you going to raise it alone?"
"What??" Kelly gasped. "What gave you that idea?" Then, "You watched the whole thing?"
"We all did," said Becky Ann. "It's happening everywhere on campus. About halfway through, a boy from dorm two put his hand on my leg and I punched him. That was right after your first ever orgasm from intercourse. But he wasn't the only one. All the guys there just assumed since I was your roommate I had loose morals as well."
"I'm so sorry you had to suffer that, Becky Ann," said Kelly. "I'm not having his baby."
"You don't mean," Becky Ann said with horror.
"No, no, no, no," said Kelly. "It's all movie magic. Staged." It seemed the simplest explanation.
"Wow, you're a good actress," said Becky Ann. "I thought you were going to kill them!"
"That part was real, but it was about something else," Kelly said. This lie was getting too elaborate. She needed to change the subject. "So, I thought you weren't going to be home for another hour."
"Oh shit! I'm sorry to barge in," Becky Ann, said. "I expect you have to train... and porn star stuff like that..." Then her eyes widened. "I've gotta pee right now!" She leaped into the bathroom stall. Whoosh! Went her pants and panties. Splash! Fsssssh! A big sigh as she continued to hiss a torrent into the toilet. When she was down to drips and squirts, she said, "Why are you here on a Saturday night? Was it all a lie? It seemed so real, what you had. Not that I'd know. It made me want to know, though. Really bad. I've been kind of jumping out of my skin ever since."
"I don't know," said Kelly. "Does it sound like a good idea to you to marry a porn star?"
"I about pissed myself when you joked about introducing him to your mom and dad," Becky Ann said. "We all did." She paused. "It seemed so real. Really you. Like we were seeing things nobody should ever see." Then more softly, she said. "It felt so dirty."
Kelly didn't know what to say. "It was," she stammered.
"So aren't you going to at least..." Becky Ann stammered. Fuck his brains out? Gorge on his cum? "Date him a little?"
"No," said Kelly firmly.
"Kelly, could I ask your advice? You're the expert," said Becky Ann.
"How?" Kelly asked.
"How should I prepare to... have a boyfriend?" Becky Ann asked. "I'm not ready to. But it looked... there are skills and everything. Watching you do the stuff, I felt like I could never."
"It takes a little practice," said Kelly. "You could start with a toy."
Kelly took a spot on the closed toilet seat out of sight of the shower stall and coached Becky Ann, who was in the shower stall. "It's not... ugh... getting in!" Becky Ann said in frustration.
Face red with embarrassment, Kelly went to have a look at the problem. Becky Ann was a slightly chubby girl of medium height with great big breasts. She had that Southern Mediterranean cast to her skin, a jet black bob of hair, and a furry, uncultivated muff. She eyed Kelly with frustration. "No, Becky Ann, you have to use a lot more lube. Not just a drop. All over. That's right, and all over the thing, too." She retreated to the toilet stall.
"I'm a mess!" Becky Ann complained.
"It's a messy business," said Kelly. "Hang in there. Are you pushing?"
"I'm pushing," said Becky Ann. "Oh, it stings!"
"Keep pushing," said Kelly. Then it started, quiet and quick. Vrr-vrr-vrr... Interesting. The dang thing was very adaptable to the situation, apparently.
"I feel funny," said Becky Ann. "OH-oh-OH-oh-OH-oh-OH-oh-OH!" she cried.
"Now you're cooking," said Kelly. "I'll leave you to it." She left the bathroom, returned to their dorm room, and sat against the door. She'd done a good thing, hadn't she? Kelly smirked. At least Becky Ann would never settle for any of the bad sex she'd had to suffer through. That had to be a good deed. Now where was that math homework that needed doing?
About half an hour later, there was a commotion in the hall. Kelly, fearing the worst, flew to her door and opened it. It was Julie, looking into the bathroom. "Becky Ann," Julie cried, "what the actual fuck?!"
From the bathroom, she heard Becky Ann respond, "Wait! OHHHHhhhh! Okay, NNNGH!"
"You're..." Julie began. Then, "This is a communal bathroom."
"Ohmygod, I'm so embarrassed!" said Becky Ann.
"Well, take your friend... big... friend... and scamper. I need to take a dump," said Julie. "Well?"
"It won't come off!" Becky Ann insisted.
Julie disappeared into the bathroom. Kelly raced across the hall and barged in after her. "Don't hurt it!"
"I might have known!" said the tiny Latina, whirling on Kelly. "You know she's never had a boy. Grooming her to be the next distressed dilettante?" Julie sneered.
"Julie, that's cruel," said Becky Ann. "It was my idea."
"Baby's growing up," said Julie, stroking a hand through her crew-cut. "I need to crap really bad, ladies, so could you give me some privacy?"
"You know what, we'll leave it here," said Becky Ann. "Try it if you want."
"Get out," said Julie. The roommates left Julie to her crapping.
Twenty minutes later, Becky Ann poked Kelly on the shoulder and snickered, "She hasn't come out yet." They went and cracked the bathroom door open.
It was filled with steam and the shower was running. Julie was mewing, "Oh! Yeah! Fuck me Ronnie! Ohgod!" Kelly peeked. The tiny crew-cut Latina was backed fully onto the thing, teeth bared in a grimace of pleasure, her hands bracing her. Her shaved mons dripped with moist pleasure as the tool chugged in her. They shut the door again.
The next morning, Kelly went in to brush her teeth. "What's this thing?" Beth asked from the shower.
"What does it look like?" asked Kelly.
"Is this a?" Beth stammered. "Its perverted," she said. Beth was a very thin, very black religious studies major. Very straight-laced. Her daddy was a preacher, and his, and so forth. She was the only one of the four girls sharing this bathroom not yet in on their conspiracy.
Kelly decided that just for logistical ease, she should try to help her along. "It's not perverted. It's just a massager for tense muscles. It's wonderful. You look tense."
"A relaxing massage does sound good about now," said Beth innocently. Her curly tuft of bush looked like she trimmed it.
"Okay then, let's help you out. I'm just going to put this massage oil on here, so it's all slippery. Now just... forget it. You'll be fine. Line yourself up. Let me adjust the height. Perfect. Now bend over."
"Isn't this my...?" asked Beth.
"Don't be a wuss," said Kelly. "Push back on it."
Beth was clearly flustered, her eyes a little wild. She'd never admit it, but she knew exactly what she was doing. "You're the expert," she whimpered.
The chaste little bible-thumper had watched her porn video! Had anybody not seen the fucking thing?!
She was losing focus. Beth was whimpering like it was her wedding night while pushing back on the thing. Eyes shut tight. All sensation. If she kept going like that, she was going to get it, all right. The thing sprang to life. Whump! Whump! Whump! It seemed more excited than usual. Maybe it knew it had a naughty little bible-thumper spitted on it. "Oh my Lord CHRIST!" Beth wailed in rapture. Blushing, Kelly left her to it.
About an hour later, Kelly started to get worried. Beth had still not come out. She cracked the bathroom door to make sure Beth was okay. "OOH! OHH! AAH! AAH! EEE! HAAH!!" Beth screamed.
Beth jumped when Kelly caught her eye. "I'm sorry, I'll stop now," she apologized.
"You've been going at it this whole time?" asked Kelly.
"Yes," said Beth in a very small voice, contrite. She gingerly slid off the thing, which looked positively worn out. It sagged. She turned on the shower and washed all her evidence down the drain. "Okay, you can keep it in here," she said gently. "I don't mind." She peed quickly and left. Kelly peed and followed her out.
Only two days passed before a strict schedule was worked out among the four bathroom-sharers. Kelly would charge it under her bed overnight. She would stick it on the wall in the morning. She had bathroom privacy between eight in the morning and ten. Julie had dibs on ten to noon. Becky Ann had noon to two. Beth brought up the rear with two to four. Starting again, Julie had four to six. Becky Ann had six to eight. Beth had eight to ten. And Kelly would finish off the evening ten to midnight then recharge it until morning. It was acceptable for one of the other girls to come in to grab their toothbrush or use the can while another girl was availing herself. They had to shower sometime during their turns, no exceptions.
(To be continued)