Mike sighed, and leaned across the desk in front of him, feeling completely exasperated. As a freshman in college, he was unused to the constant bombardment of midterms, essays, and assignments, and was regretting making the decision to volunteer at the reception area of the English department. He had spent the night before studying for his midterm this morning, and though he thought he did pretty well, his mind was still clouded by his lack of sleep.
Besides that, he had to let Geena down, which was something he had never wanted to do. He told her that he would probably have time to see her, like they always did the last few Tuesday nights, when they both had less classes than the other days, but hadn't realized exactly how much he needed to study.
Geena was, of course, understanding. She even told him to stop talking to her and ace that exam. She was honestly the most understanding and caring of any of the girlfriends he's ever had, and he still couldn't believe he managed to date such a Goddess.
All he wanted was to be with her, and his hands had begun to get to work typing his school's ID and password before he realized what he was doing. He wouldn't be able to physically be with her, but he could at least chat with her on their preferred messaging program.
The computer was just as clunky and hard to type on as the other computers at the school, but Mike didn't care much, he was used to that. He was just glad no one was with him today to look over his shoulder, especially not the meaner English professor (Dr. Maicas), who seemed to like to make fun of every student he could find.
He logged in immediately to the messenger, and was delighted to find that Geena had already messaged him. She seemed to always be one step ahead of him lately.
Geena_peaches: How did the exam go?
Mike.1976: Pretty good :). Thank you for forcing me to study!
Geena_peaches: No probs. School always comes first ;)
He was so glad she was still online, like she was excited to hear his response. It made him feel all warm and gooey inside.
Mike.1976: What are you doing now?
Geena_peaches: Take a guess.
Mike.1976: Reading?
Geena_peaches: Haha. Yes. Always.
Mike.1976: I wish I was there with you...
Geena_peaches: Is there anyone around? Mr. Maicas maybe? I know you hate him.
He looked around the room, making sure.
Mike.1976: Nope, no one here but me.
Geena_peaches: Well... since you're alone and clearly bored, why don't you be a good boy and do as I say?
He gulped immediately, and his dick gave a little jolt of excitement. Geena was always the hornier of the two of them, and tries to make every situation as sexual as she could possibly make it. Recently, they'd been exploring the dynamic of her being the one in charge, and though he had never been a submissive man before, it had turned him on beyond belief. And so, Geena kept pushing him further and further no matter how embarrassed he was, and he let her, because how could he say no to such a powerful but loving woman?
Mike.1976: Be a good boy? How?
Geena_peaches: Take off your pants.
Mike.1976: Geena! What if someone sees me?
Geena_peaches: It's mistress to you now. And do it, or I'll punish you later for not listening to me. And don't you dare lie to me.
He looked around shiftly, and felt like an extreme pervert as he pulled his pants down. What if someone saw him? He could be expelled for doing something so dirty on campus... His body wasn't listening though, as he dick gave another jolt. He was getting harder and harder, and it was getting a little uncomfortable in his underwear.
Geena_peaches: Done?
Mike.1976: Yes, mistress.
Geena_peaches: Good boy. Now, your boxers.
He didn't complain this time, he knew she was in her dominant headspace, and he would only make it worse if he complained. He took off his boxers slowly, and placed them gently next to his pants.
Geena_peaches: Are you hard for me, sweet boy?
Mike.1976: Yes.
Geena_peaches: Of course you are, you love when I'm in charge.
Mike.1976: What should I do next, mistress?
Geena_peaches: Touch yourself, and think of me when you do.
<>
Mike's breath was ragged as he clicked to download the photo. How was she so good at knowing exactly what he wanted or needed from her? His last relationship was in high school, and was nothing compared to this. He didn't know how he got so lucky.
There she was, laying on her bed, where they had fucked each other many times before, with her legs wide open and the camera angle right up her crotch, which was soaking wet and puffy. He shivered in his seat, and he was fully hard now, with his dick more than double the size of before. He couldn't believe she put in the effort to take that photo with her camera and upload it on her computer, just to get him hard like this.
Mike.1976: What got you so wet like that?
Geena_peaches: Like what you see?
Mike.1976: Of course I do, Geena. I wish I was inside you right now. It'd be so easy to slide in.
Geena_peaches: You're such a greedy boy. Are you touching yourself?
He had almost forgotten the previous order she gave him. He pulled the picture up again, and imagined himself fucking his mistress over and over again as she moaned on the bed and wrapped her legs dominantly around him. He would be able to do this later, but he was too horny to wait until later. He wanted her. Now. A one day break was too much for him to handle.
Mike.1976: I want you here so bad, Geena.
Geena_peaches: What are you thinking about?
Mike.1976: Fucking you.
Geena_peaches: Good boy.
Geena_peaches: Did you make sure no one was watching you? You're being so naughty... touching yourself where anyone can see.
He gulped. He knew she was trying to make him self-aware and embarrassed, and it was working. All he could think about now was how someone could walk in at any moment in the English department. He would be in so much trouble. Instead of stopping the masturbation, though, he realized the embarrassment was going directly to his dick. It was making him beyond horny, and precum was already starting to ooze out slowly.
Geena_peaches: I bet you wish I was the one touching you right now.
Mike.1976: Yes please.
Mike.1976: I want to fuck you so bad.
He could barely type anymore as he used one hand, though he knew Geena could tell exactly what she was doing to him.
Geena_peaches: Be patient, you have all the time in the world.
Geena_peaches: I want you to imagine my tongue licking all the way from the base to the tip.
Mike.1976: Geena
Geena_peaches: Yes?
Mike.1976: You're driving me crazy. I need to cum.
Geena_peaches: No.
He stopped touching himself at once.
Mike.1976: No? Why?
Geena_peaches: Did I give you permission to cum?
Mike.1976: No, mistress.
Geena_peaches: Then how dare you even think about it.
Mike.1976: I need to, please.
Geena_peaches: Well, begging is a good start.
Mike.1976: What do you want me to do?
Geena_peaches: I want you to bring yourself to the very edge and then tell me, and I'll let you know you have permission to cum.
He didn't respond, and began to touch himself again. He wanted to close his eyes desperately, like he usually did when he masturbated, but he was so scared someone would walk by and see him without him being able to stop himself. He was even harder now, and he could see the veins in his dick throbbing out of control. This woman was doing crazy things to him.
Mike.1976: Are you touching yourself, too?
Geena_peaches: Of course I am.
Mike.1976: Are you thinking about me?
Geena_peaches: I'm always thinking about you, my little slut.
This was amusing since she was shorter than him, but Mike didn't care. He loved being called nasty names, especially by the woman he loved so much. His goddess. He used the precum as lubrication to make himself go even faster, and couldn't help but let out a low groan as he felt himself coming close.
Mike.1976: I'm going to cum.
Geena_peaches: No you're not.
Geena_peaches: Stop right now, slut.
It took all of Mike's willpower to stop himself, but he did, because he didn't want to be punished by Geena if she knew he hadn't listened to her.
Mike.1976: I stopped, mistress.
Geena_peaches: Tell me how you feel.
Mike.1976: Desperate. Please, I'm so horny. Just let me cum.
Geena_peaches: I don't think you're desperate enough for me.
Mike.1976: You're all I can think about Geena, please let me cum for you.
Geena_peaches: Will you let me spank you later for being so greedy?
Mike.1976: Of course, anything you say.
Geena_peaches: Good. You may touch yourself again.
He didn't bother responding as he eagerly began stroking his dick again. He knew she wouldn't back out on her promise to spank him later, but he wasn't scared. She always knew his limits, any ways. Even better than him sometimes. Besides, he loved the feeling of pain mixed with pleasure. This was something that he had recently discovered, and wanted to explore more of with Geena.
He didn't care if anyone was watching anymore. The need to cum over road any sense of embarrassment. The need to fuck was all he could think about. He glanced at the screen as he saw Geena typing again.
Geena_peaches: I want you to start off slowly, then match your pace with how you'd fuck me if I were there right now.
Geena_peaches: I bet you're stinking the room up with the smell of sex and your sweat.
Geena_peaches: How does it feel being so nasty at the place where you volunteer?
Mike.1976: I'm close again, Mistress.
Geena_peaches: Then come for me, baby.
He didn't have to be asked a second time. He groaned as was finally able to cum, and his dick seemed to pulse over and over again uncontrollably as he did. He had grabbed a wad of tissue paper and stuck it on top of his dick, and yet it was barely able to control the stream that came out. White and sticky goo fell around his hand and onto his bare legs as he closed his eyes and rode the impossibly long orgasm out. It was only one day, but it seemed like he hadn't cum in forever. It seemed to all be part of Geena's magic.
Mike.1976: That was fucking amazing Geena.
Geena_peaches: I knew it :)
Geena_peaches: You should probably clean yourself up before someone comes by.
Mike.1976: Good idea.
Mike.1976: Did you cum as well?
Geena_peaches: Making me cum is your job, my little slut. And you're going to make me cum over and over again tonight since you abandoned me yesterday.
Mike.1976: You were the one to tell me to abandon you!
Geena_peaches: Tsk Tsk. Are you talking back to me? You know that gets more spanks.
Mike.1976: Hah. My shift is over anyways. Thanks for making the time pass quickly.
Geena_peaches: Looking forward to seeing you soon ;)
He logged off and began cleaning his workspace. The cum was hard to scrub off, but luckily it hadn't hardened too much before he got to it. He even made sure to spray the sex and sweat smell away from the space, just so he didn't look extra suspicious.
He couldn't contain his smile as he exited his shift. He had just had an amazing orgasm, and he was going to a Goddess's house to make her cum as well.
He had started off very hesitant about starting college, but it was all going quite amazingly, and it was all thanks to one person.