As she entered the coffee shop she saw Emma wave from the back of the shop. Chrissy ignored the looks she was getting she was used to looks of disdain and sometimes disgust from other females, with her looks she got them anyway and being dressed like a slut just made it worse. Chrissy couldn't care less she was proud to be a slut and if people didn't like it why should she be bothered, as she neared Emma she saw her friend checking her out. Chrissy wasn't adverse to fun with girls and had a few female friends that she played with, Emma was a very sexy Asian girl. She was petite barely 5 ft. tall, Chrissy knew she had a great body with firm B cup breasts topped with dark nipples in contrast with her coffee complexion.
Emma was not a slut in Chrissy's league but she did dress often in similar ways, her skirts were short and worn low on her hips and her tops were often light and worn bra less.
As Chrissy neared her Emma stood up and Chrissy caught a glimpse of pink thong as she did, they embraced before joining the short line to order, with their drinks purchased they sat side by side as they often did.
Emma and Chrissy got together regularly they had become best of friend about five years ago after a photo shoot. Emma liked to dress with a lot of skin on show, she wasn't as sexually free as Chrissy but she loved the attention her outfits got her and she fairly often joined in or helped with Chrissy's adventures, she was becoming more like her and had begun to think that she should as Chrissy often suggested go the full Monty and fuck anyone who you want.
Emma was within a few days of her final show being about to complete her fashion degree, she had suggested to Chrissy that she should model for it, at first Chrissy had been unwilling until Emma told her that each student had to produce one Haute Couture outfit, these were traditionally very revealing and often see through.
Chrissy had only agreed providing that Emma spoke to each designer and made sure their outfits were beyond minimal, with an expected audience of 300 Chrissy wanted to strut her stuff. As this was at the end of the year the show was for fun and wouldn't have any effect on their test scores so apparently all of the designers had agreed, they all suggested she bring her own flesh coloured thong as a lot would be on show, it was expected that she would show her breasts they didn't know there was no chance at all that she would be wearing a thong or any other item of underwear..
They had agreed timings for the fashion show, and Emma also reminded Chrissy that she had to attend a fitting earlier in the day, Emma then remembered something," I nearly forgot" she laughed "I made you a present, please go and try it on." Chrissy took the small bag and went into the toilets, she pulled out a small short pale yellow dress, ignoring a woman washing her hands Chrissy stripped naked and slipped the dress on, she rotated in front of the mirror it was pretty and short but not what she would normally wear even her parents would probably approve of it. Not wanting to offend her friend she put her slut outfit in her bag and went back to the table.
"Thank you Emma is lovely" she said doing a full rotation before sitting down, they chatted until they had finished their coffees before getting up to leave. As they walked towards the exit Emma dropped a step behind Chrissy, there was a thin loop of material matching the dress at the back it looked like a belt from behind, Emma carefully hooked it over the door handle as Chrissy walked through the doorway, with Chrissy's next step the Velcro fastenings at both sides and both shoulders of her new dress parted leaving the yellow dress hanging from the door handle, it had as Emma hoped looked like a total accident.
Chrissy unexpectedly found herself stark naked and standing in the crowded high street, she came on the spot nearly collapsing as her knees gave in with the strength of her orgasm. Emma supported her and waited until she was steady again before turning to retrieve the dress from the door handle. While Chrissy stood naked being stared at by passer-by's Emma took her time to unhook the dress before wrapping it around her friend and moving her towards a fast food restaurant about 100 metres down the high street.
As Chrissy walked with her head down she noticed that her friend had done a very poor job of protecting her modesty with the pale yellow material, it was draped over one shoulder parting her breasts without covering either of them, the material then hung at either side so neither her backside or pussy was covered in any way. Although Emma was appearing to fuss and hurry Chrissy realised it was just for show they could have just popped back into the coffee shop a few steps, but now she was being helped along naked surrounded by curious onlookers. Chrissy didn't mind one bit as she was lead through the crowded street her pussy was literally dripping.
When they reached the restaurant Emma took her through the side door so that she would have to walk the entire length of the place even though the main door was right by the toilets, as soon as the door swung closed behind them Emma pushed Chrissy against the wall and reached down to find a very wet pussy it took about 20 seconds for her to bring Chrissy to another shuddering orgasm.
Emma had left for home and Chrissy was now rushing to the pub in the harbour. She had put on her original outfit again with the top pulled further down at the back she was only just keeping her nipples covered, her skirt was still rolled up at the waist band and was now hardly more than a belt, as she walked down the steep hill in to the harbour she checked the time, she should just about make kick off time 3pm.
Chrissy entered the pub shortly after kick off, the place was packed with most of the attention on the big screen Chrissy got to the bar and ordered a bottle of beer. With beer in hand Chrissy began to push through the crowd in front of the huge screen. There were about 40 guys stood watching the game maybe more, Chrissy's aim was to get to the middle of the crowd where she would be unseen by people outside of the group. As she moved by a few people and became hidden she rolled up her skirt until it was a thin band around her waist. With everyone so closely packed no one could see that she was now nude from the waist down, she quickly looked around once she had reached the middle and picked out a young guy around her age. She managed to maneuverer herself until she was stood face to face with her tits squashed up against his chest as she pretended to be jostled by those behind her. She apologised and turned her back to him to watch the game, or appear to at least.
Chrissy made sure she kept bumping into the guy behind her, no one had noticed her lack of clothes down below but knowing herself was making Chrissy horny she was playing a game she often did the anticipation made her wetter. She was waiting for a goal it didn't matter who scored she didn't even know what teams were playing but she had a routine, if the goal didn't come soon she would have to go with plan B.
Chrissy was getting close to going for plan B when a penalty was awarded she liked it when this happened as she had chance to prepare. When the ball struck the net Chrissy with her arms raised high turned to face her target before she jumped up and down cheering, both breasts bounced free of her top, she also managed to move away from him enough that he could now see her lack of skirt, to make sure he had no doubts Chrissy stepped forward and kissed him hard on the mouth before turning to resume her previous position.
Chrissy smiled as she felt his hands rest on her hips and pulled her tight again him, she gave a little wriggle and pushed her bottom back into his crotch. Encouraged he slid one hand down and cupped her right buttock, Chrissy parted her legs as much as the crowd allowed the message was clear his hand slipped between her legs and he began to explore her very wet pussy. Chrissy slipped her arms through the shoulder loops of her top and slipped it down to join her skirt wrapped around her waist. Now all that was hidden was a small band around her stomach, other than that she stood naked but for her shoes. Reaching down she guided his second hand up to her breast and leaned back against him. Several other men had noticed her now missing top, and were watching her, they couldn't see the two fat fingers slipping into her dripping pussy from behind though.
Chrissy had emptied her beer bottle most of it on the floor, she whispered fuck me with this to her new friend and past him the bottle. Groaning as she felt him slip the bottle neck inside her. Soon she felt the wider shoulder of the bottle begin to stretch her pussy. Chrissy liked to be stretched more than anything and was soon pushing back, reaching behind herself she removed the guys hand and took the bottle herself she groaned again as she took the full width of the bottle after a few more thrusts Chrissy reversed the bottle she had to spread her lips with one hand to insert the fat end first. When she guided the man's hand back she only had about 1 inch of the bottle neck outside of her greedy pussy, the whole bottle was now filling her pussy. As he slowly fucked her with it Chrissy undid the zipper of his trousers and pulled out what felt like a very good sized cock which she wanked slowly in time with his thrusts of the bottle.
Chrissy was impatient she could see from the timer that half time was only a few minutes away, at that point the crowd would disappear until the second half. She fully intended having a second half of her own, pushing her bottom backwards she guided the hard cock to her arsehole, still surrounded by a crowd Chrissy slowly pushed back on to the man. Once he realised what she was doing he released the bottle and her tit, with both hands he gripped her hips before pulling her back onto his cock until he was buried in her arsehole. Chrissy was soon trembling and had it not been for the man holding her she would have fell to the floor as she came, she made no noise but the clenching of her muscles soon milked the man dry as he filled her back passage with hot cum, as he softened and slipped free Chrissy straightened her clothes kissed the man and went back to the bar.
Chrissy sat on a barstool very aware of her pussy still full of beer bottle and the wetness caused by cum leaking from her bottom. During the half time break Chrissy went in to the toilets, sat on the toilet Chrissy began to fuck herself with the bottle until she made herself cum again, before removing the bottle from her pussy a flood of juices following it.
She could hear the TV and as the second half started Chrissy left the toilets and went back into the bar, Chrissy was having a great day so far and with a smile thought to herself I want to be really nasty, Chrissy asked the barmaid Jemma if she could leave her bag behind the bar, most of the staff at the bars Chrissy liked and frequented knew her well enough and most even if they didn't like what Chrissy did they knew it gave them an easier time. With her bag safe she eased her way as before back toward the middle of the crowded area, before she was two deep in the crowd she had quickly rolled both top and skirt down so that she was once again naked other than where they sat around her waist.
Chrissy made sure that her lack of clothing was noticed by as many as possible, she rubbed herself past men making sure they noticed her nudity. Before long the whispers spread and the football game became the second most interesting thing happening. As Chrissy knew it would eventually someone cocky or confident would approach her, a black guy short but strongly built came and stood facing her, close enough that her nipples brushed his tight shirt. Chrissy wanted nasty sex and now was her opportunity. She smiled at him and slid slowly down to her knees, a small circle opened allowing her room to move and those around to watch, the group surrounding her also ensured that no one from outside of the group could see what was going on. Chrissy released the buttons on the guy's jeans, and pulled out a very fat long black cock still only half hard it was impressive.
Chrissy took the fat head into her mouth it was a stretch but Chrissy liked that, her tongue and mouth soon bringing the dark cock to its full hardness and size, at that point Chrissy began to bob her head taking more and more cock until her nose was flat against the man's hard stomach. Once comfortable she then withdrew and began deep throating this impressive weapon, once a rhythm had been set with each hand Chrissy reached out to grip another man until she was knelt having her face fucked, balls banging her chin with each thrust and saliva drooling out of her mouth in each hand she wanked a cock at the same tempo as her face was being fucked. She felt the cock in her right hand twitch followed by a few Spurts of warm cum which hit her hair and face before dribbling onto her tits, on the floor between her knees was a growing wet patch as her pussy steady dripped.
The cock in her mouth swelled and pulsed Chrissy pulled him deep and felt him empty himself into her so deep that she had no need to swallow, as his softening cock was shoved back into his trousers Chrissy was already taking the cock in her left hand into her mouth and reaching for two more groins, she never once looked up so other than the black guy she had no idea who she was sucking or wanking.
For the next ten minutes or so Chrissy carried on, her upper body coated in cum her hair was matted and she had swallowed three loads, she was sucking on an averaged sized cock when she felt some one behind her, Chrissy liked to be fucked but that would mean her going onto all fours and stopping the blow jobs, she would fuck later but not now so she ignored the attempts to re position her, realising he couldn't get his cock into her while she was kneeling whoever was behind her reached between her legs from behind and began to push his fingers inter her dripping hole, this I like she thought as yet another steam of cum was directed onto her chest.
Still playing with three cocks, Chrissy was pushing down onto the fingers in her pussy she had felt him add fingers and she was now taking four fingers as deep as they could go. Chrissy was grinding down as hard as she could her pussy stretched good and wide, she felt as the man final got the message she was trying to send, arching her back as much as she could to enable easier access she felt the sensation of her pussy being stretched intensify as the unseen man added his thumb to the four fingers, she climaxed again as she felt the thumb slip inside.
Chrissy was immediately pushing down until they were back knuckle deep inside her she could feel the wide part of his hand stretch her slightly more with each thrust and with each thrust her pussy took slightly more of the hand, sensing she was close Chrissy ground down hard on the probing hand her dripping pussy pulsed and throbbed but as she ground she could feel the hand become a fist and slip completely inside filling her, she twitched and shuddered as she came on the fist vaguely realising she was swallowing cum yet again.
Chrissy was barely aware of the change of cock in her mouth her pussy was on fire, the fist inside her filled her she knew she was well past the man's wrist as he pounded her without mercy. Chrissy groaned around the small cock in her mouth as she felt another orgasm building, she squirted what felt like a gallon of her cum as she reached a huge orgasm the fist inside her didn't even slow its pumping.
Riding high on a wave of pleasure Chrissy collapsed onto all fours, her mouth free for the first time since she had knelt down. Chrissy in a short moment of clarity thought about her current situation, she was as good as naked surrounded by a group of around 40 guys she had no idea how many had cum on or in her, looking at her chest she estimated a lot had. She was on all fours being fisted while the men stood around her and watched, she looked back to see who was behind her and found the black guy who had started this off was knelt behind her his eyes focused like the others on her pussy, he was dripping with sweat as he maintained the pace and rhythm of his fisting.
Chrissy lost count of how many times she had come and with the last one she collapsed and passed out. She found herself unable to get up, she was still only half aware of where she was. She then realised that she couldn't get up because someone was holding her still and her arsehole was being fucked with long deep strokes, the two hands gripping her waist were so strong she couldn't move which was a shame because as Chrissy became more aware she would have been pushing back. Chrissy was unsure how long she had been passed out for she had no idea what the time was, but realising the football match was still going on she knew it hadn't been long, with a struggle Chrissy managed to push back and get back on all fours. The hands still gripped her tightly but now she could begin to push back and get a real arse fucking, it didn't take long enough as far as Chrissy was concerned and before long she felt the sensation of hot cum being deposited inside her arsehole. She turned and as she had suspected found that the black guy who had given so much pleasure with his fist had taken repayment in her arse hole, he helped Chrissy to her feet and unsteadily she moved towards the bar and sat down on the nearest bar stool.
Jemma stood and looked at Chrissy she couldn't understand why she did it, she was the most attractive girl that Jemma knew but she let them treat her like a whore. Chrissy was still not completely recovered and was unaware of Jemma's close scrutiny, Jemma placed a bottle of water in front of Chrissy and closer now could see she was still naked her clothes just a twist of cloth around her waist and she was completely covered in cum, her knees were dirty and her hair was matted.
Chrissy took the water and nodded her thanks, collected her bag and returned to the ladies toilets, she knew Jemma would not come in here and there were no other females in the pub. Chrissy stripped off her top and skirt realising they were both wet with sweat and cum she threw them into a basin, standing naked Chrissy washed herself with hot water, she carried small bottles of toiletries in her bag and had soon washed her hair and her body, she was drying herself still naked under the hand dryer when the door opened and a girl wearing a football shirt walked in, she took no notice at all of Chrissy but as she left said nice show.
Chrissy rinsed out her clothes they were wet but clean now, her skirt was back in place her thin white top now wet was transparent, refreshed and clean again Chrissy left the pub waving to Jemma who was instantly jealous, how could she look that good after how she had been looking a few minutes ago.
Chrissy headed back towards the town centre with a spring in her step disappointingly the warm day soon dried out her top, her nipples were still proud lumps but the transparency had gone.
A huge grin on her face Chrissy walked towards her next adventure.