My first year of Wilderness Guiding was coming to a close. I only had one group of two that wanted to do the difficult Carson River from Lake Lancaster to Fort Beneteau. It was the first week of September so it was easy to get a flight. The weather made the nights a lot colder, but the rock formations still held a lot of the summer heat, and the water could feel almost warm in contrast to the cooling nights.
We had to catch a float plane to Lake Lancaster where we would spend one night together at the Eco-lodge then the three of us would be running single canoes down the Carson River to the Fort. My clients had fished the lake and surrounding area the previous year, so they knew Arthur and Chastity Simpson, and guides are free, when accompanying paying guests, so it was a no brainer for me. I had met the young family, with my parents, and they were very friendly.
The section that we would traverse was only used by the Native Peoples who were still trapping and hunting in these lands that they call home. I had no experience on this part of the Carson, but I had extensive notes from my Native friends, and my two Patrons were avid canoeists and back country enthusiasts. They both taught at Sioux Forestry College where I graduated last Winter.
Peter Cornell taught Canadian Botany and Isador Phillips taught Survival Skills to the potential Rangers and Guides that might depend on his teachings to keep them alive in the wilderness.
Neither man was married, with one being a widower and the other a divorced man. They were both in good shape, with Peter being in his late forties, while Izzy was 58. The oldest guys that I had guided to date, so I wondered if they would be looking for some 'action', or just an adventure.
They had both been my teachers for a few courses, but I had not associated with either of them after class.
I was flying into Lancaster with two of the single canoes and all of the camping gear and the food. Peter and Izzy would fly in from Sudbury with one canoe and their personal equipment. I was confident that they would travel light.
My pilot friend Cooper, was stationed out of Thunder Bay, but he dropped into our little stretch of water at the Witamaki Outfitters, so that we could load up there, instead of me driving the 6 hours to his home base.
Tom and Paulee were there to help us get everything loaded. Paulee was just learning the outfitting trade from his Uncle Tom and Aunt Sally. They took the phone calls and put together the plans and provisions for our trips, and they made good money doing it.
Cooper was excited to strap down his plane, and stay the night with me at the Lodge, but there was going to be a lot of wind overnight, so he made the smart decision that he would fly home as soon as I was safely on shore.
"I was really looking forward to spending the night with you Loren," he yelled above the wind and prop noise. There were no working headphones for the second seat, so this was the only way that we could communicate.
I felt cheated too. I just had an off week, where I only got laid by one of the Summer Rangers, but that was 5 days ago, and I didn't know if I would get as much as a kiss from my former Professors.
I put my hand on Cooper's thigh and raised my eyebrows in a conspiratorial way. He immediately moved the steering yolk to its highest position, giving me more than enough room to get my head into his lap.
I unzipped his coveralls, remembering that they called it a flight suit. Cooper smiled but kept his hands on the controls. He pushed his shoulders back and the suit fell to his hips when he shifted the garment off his arms, one at a time and settled back into his seat.
I popped his expanding cock over the top of his briefs and carefully brought the balls out with it. I was quite familiar with Cooper's equipment.
I blew on it and watched as it stood up to its full length of 6 or 7 inches. His gangly form left no belly in my way, so I moved in to give him a little tease with my tongue going up and down on his shaft. I do have a clip that I can put in my tongue, but I didn't have it in at the time. It makes my speech thick and some people already think of me as a whore, so I didn't need a cock sucker's stud in my tongue all of the time. Still, it did give the fellas something to think about when I ran it over the underside of their cocks.
This was far from my first time though, so I sucked him into my mouth and gave him the blowjob of his dreams. I couldn't help but strum my own clit while I jammed his tool to the back of my throat. He came quickly and the volume of his release was quite impressive, so I let some dribble down my chin and onto my neck.
When he was finished I leaned back in my seat and pulled my shirt over my head so that he could feast on my prized tits. I let the dribble continue down my neck and onto my right breast. My bike shorts hugged me tightly so I had to squirm to get them down to my ankles, but I figured that Cooper would enjoy a little show. Maybe he would think of me when he gets home tonight? There was no underwear to get in the way. Just swimsuits and clingy shorts for me.
He was already getting hard while I started to masturbate for him. I pushed my tits in with my arms while pushing two fingers into my muff and I used the other hand to flick my clit from side to side.
I had a nice orgasm in less than a minute. It wasn't a deep one, but it was better than nothing. Cooper reached under his seat and pulled a leaver that sent his seat back nearly a foot! Then he tapped his left thigh in an obvious invitation.
Cooper pulled a condom out from behind the airspeed indicator and handed it to me. I'm sure that he was a Boy Scout by training. I quickly had him suited up with a latex rubber, then I swung my right leg over his lap, bringing my nipple into his face for a second while his right hand positioned his newly aroused penis at the entry of my love nest.
I only let the head pass my labia and into the opening, then I held myself high while my pilot kissed and suckled my nipple. I was more than wet enough to take him to the full depth in one motion, returning his sight lines over my shoulder. He deliberately moved the entire plane up and down with the simple movement of the steering column. I think that the aviation people would not have approved, but it added some fun to our lovemaking.
I had a much better orgasm as I put hickeys on his neck. He needed longer, but I didn't mind. I had nowhere else to be.
"Just relax Captain, and let me do the driving while you take care of the flying," I spoke right into his ear so I didn't have to yell.
He decided to engage the part of the autopilot that maintained the altitude so that he could look me in the eye or enjoy the look and feel of my swollen nipples and explore my mouth with his tongue. When he finally had his second explosion, I joined him in the bliss of another love spasm.
"Loren, oh Loren!" he moaned.
He is a very passionate friend.
We were on the water by 2 in the afternoon, but the wind was already making it hard to get the two canoes off of the floats. The Simpson boys rushed out to the end of the dock to help us, and though they are only 13 and 14, they are strong lads. Cooper was soon able to grab a saintly kiss from me and head back to his home base. He gave me a little wiggle of his wings as he disappeared in the distance.
"Are you on your own this trip Loren?" Casper asked me, as he lugged the heaviest pack to the boathouse. He was the younger one, always trying to show me that he was just as mature as his brother.
"There are two coming in tomorrow, Dumbbell," Zeek chided his brother.
They were both bound to be great outdoors men. They were gentlemen, like their father, but their high spirited mother gave them their only insight into women.
This Eco-lodge had a bank of solar cells over the main building that helped them to maintain contact with the rest of the world. They had internet only during a narrow window, when their old satellite dish could align with the few satellites that circled in this northern latitude. An old, but dependable ham radio was maintained for emergencies. There were no tv screens to be found here, but they had a projector that they could use to show movies on the back wall of the great room. Otherwise they had laptops to keep up with their son's education and to accept reservations for the trippers and fishermen that took up lodging here throughout the spring and summer.
"I hope you two appreciate how lucky you are," I said, but realized as I said it that I didn't appreciate how lucky I was until my parents died. They died together, and in each other's arms, when they hit a logging truck only two and a half years ago.
"It would be better if we had more visitors like you, Loren," Zeek responded as he waited for me to help him take my canoe off his shoulders. He didn't want to scratch it, since we had applied a fresh gel coat on the bottom just a week ago.
Casper took the back and I went to the front, but I let the two boys impress me with their ability to work together and get my pride and joy safely to the ground.
"Do you guys have any friends up here other than the dogs?" I asked, not having any idea about the Native population in this area.
"Only the young ones that our neighbor has, but they are only babies," Casper replied sullenly.
Their mother, Chas, finally came rushing down from the Lodge to greet me.
"Loren! It's so good to have you here," she shouted as she jogged down the gentle slope. She was wearing cargo pants with pockets all the way up the leg, and work boots, but she had nothing on above her belt! Her small breasts bounced pleasantly for me, but both of her boys looked away.
"I see that things have changed since I was here two years ago," I announced with a smile.
"You mean the extra storage behind the boathouse?" she replied, but I could tell from her smile that she knew I was referring to her going around topless!
"I saw that our browser history showed some pornography on it, so I thought the boys needed to know that women are proud, sexual creatures and I took the advice of our Prime Minister, who said, 'they're only tits, sir. We all have them!'," she responded and she fluffed both of her son's heads, while they grimaced and kept their eyes averted.
"I often like to let mine out," I admitted, "...but I think I'll keep them covered until these pervs are a little older." They both looked terribly uncomfortable, so I regretted my words as soon as I said them.
"Okay, what do you want up in your room Loren? Let's get these guys earning their keep," Chas suggested.
"Well, if it's bear-safe we can put the food in your 'New' storage shed, then I guess I just need this pack here with my toiletries," I said, lifting up a small pouch that I pulled from a dry bag.
Casper grabbed it just ahead of Zeek and they both ran up the path to the Lodge.
"So how is that handsome husband of yours and your two mastiffs?" I asked while Chas came in close for a sisterly kiss.
"Cal lost a leg last year when he and his brother surprised a mamma bear trying to get in our boathouse," Chas soberly replied. Her happy attitude changed quickly as she remembered a hard day. "Bick kept his brother from being killed until Art got to them, but the leg was too bad to save."
I heard barking and turned to find the two dogs barrelling down on us, with Art not too far behind them. Cal was going a little slower, but not much. Chas waved her arms in an effort to slow them down but they ran past her and jumped up on me for kisses.
"Oh, you are just my favorite doggies in the whole wide world," I promised them as their tails wagged like fly swatters. Cal dug into my chest a bit too much with his one front leg, so I moved them gently to the ground and bent over so they could continue their slobbering over me.
"We try to keep them from doing that Loren," Art puffed out as he trotted in behind them, then he gave me a kiss too.
Art is 40 and a real lumberjack of a man. His shoulders are wide and strong and his arms and hands are just as powerful as any back woodsman that swings a heavy axe for an hour or two every day.
"I bet that you love the new look," I suggested.
"Ah. the new look you mean? I encourage spontaneity in all of my female friends," he confessed.
"I bet you didn't have any lunch Loren," Chas interrupted us. "Let's get you a sandwich and maybe Art will give you some homemade hooch that he has cooked up, and we can start getting caught up. I need to hear how fantastic your first season has gone."
Chas took my hand and we headed up the path, with the three males following.
"You look like you already had sex today," she whispered and she giggled.
"You did too," I guessed, and she laughed in a sneaky way, which revealed that I had guessed right.
"These tits may be small, but they are well liked," she whispered, and we giggled some more as the wagging tongues followed close behind us.
The hooch turned out to be beer, and it was pretty smooth for bathtub beer.
"So, how is the business going?" Art asked, getting right to the commerce side of things. "We loved your Web page CanoeSoo.com!"
"Art cannot afford your prices, or he would sign himself up tomorrow," Chas suggested.
"Do you have a 'friends and family discount'?" Art asked, but smiled to suggest that he was just joking.
"If you went tripping with me Art, I would have to contend with Chas, so you won't be playing in a hot tent with me, my friend," I insisted.
"Maybe you have a two for one special, so we could both come with you... on a canoe adventure," Chas suggested.
"Now that one we should do, if you two want some fun next year, just let me know when and where, and I'll make sure it happens," I agreed, not knowing if they were suggesting that we would be sharing Art in the process. He is a good looking lumberjack, and I've seen the bulge.
I just had the one beer and an egg salad sandwich that was laced with home grown garlic and onions. It's a good thing that I wasn't sharing a tent with anyone for the next two nights.
I could hear the chickens in the back, so I knew how fresh the eggs were.
"So how many trips and how many men have you done this year, girlfriend?" Chas asked, while Art was getting himself a second glass of beer.
"...and do you fuck them all?" she whispered.
"I started with a great group of four, but only did doubles after that," I confessed. "I did the same route 4 times! Which got to be a bit boring for me so Old Tom, my trip planner, started switching it up a bit and I did 2 fly-ins near Red Cedar Lake, which I hadn't seen since Mom took me there when I was 15."
"But what about the,... uh, you know?" she whispered with a real needy look. She wanted details.
"Overall, 12 trips, and 26 very, and I mean very satisfied campers," I confessed with a smile that told even more.
"You slut," she whispered so quietly that I wasn't even sure she said it, but her look was one of envy.
"What about these two that are due tomorrow?" she asked.
"Well, they are a bit of an unknown for me. They are both Professors at the Soo, so it could be that they are just supporting their students?" I suggested. "My rates are twice as high as the average guide, and they didn't ask for a discount, so I just don't know what they will want."
"Are these guys a lot older?" Chas asked. "Are they fit?"
"Oh, neither one needs any help in the wilderness, if that's what you mean, but yeah, they are on the older side, so it will be new territory for me." I mused. "I think the oldest guy I've done the nasty with was maybe 40," I guessed.
"Me too," Chas said, smiling.
That made me think about Art, and it was my turn to feel envious.
She showed me around the property, with their fenced in garden and a chicken hut with over 20 laying hens.
"We have deer and moose in the deep freeze right now, and the boys gathered enough wild blueberries yesterday for me to make two pies, but we need to save them until tomorrow, when we have a full house." She explained. "There's a couple coming in from Sudbury in the morning and your two guys will have to share the third cabin tomorrow night."
"So how long have you been doing the topless thing?" I asked my slutty friend.
"As soon as we had a warm day this year I let them loose," she informed me. "I had to put them away during a two week stretch when we had kids among our guests, but otherwise I only cover them when it's cold," she confessed.
"No guests complaining?" I wondered.
"They all seemed to enjoy the freedom!" Chas explained, "...and I encourage the ladies to join me."
I stayed with Chas while she chopped up a great looking garden salad, and we talked about her sons and how their schooling was going. At this point Casper wanted to be just like his father, running a business in the wild. Zeek was now keen on being either an RCMP Officer or a bush pilot. My pilot friend Cooper let him take the wheel on their flight in from Thunder Bay, where they live in the off season.
"No Wilderness Guides in your family?" I asked her.
"Get rid of that shirt girl, and maybe they will swing in that direction," she laughed, knowing that her sons were just at that age where they would be very impressionable.
They were already in and out of the lodge more often than usual, stealing glances at their pretty guest.
"If I thought that your sons were mature enough I would go topless," I explained to Chas, but I knew that Zeek could hear me. Their mother just peeked her eyebrows and smiled.
We watched Art as he got the BBQ going and he put half a dozen tinfoil wrapped potatoes on the top rack to start cooking.
Chas combined some asparagus with garlic and butter in a tin pan, to be added when the steaks went on the grill.
The wind was still raising whitecaps on the lake, but the sky was cloudless, making it perfect outside with no flies or skeeters. They could be the scourge of the North if you're not prepared for them.
I don't drink much, so the third one was making me regret accepting it. I'd rather have a whiskey or a joint, or both, but you take what you get when you travel in the wilderness.
The smell of the moose steak was making me hungry.
Art gave me way too much steak, so I cut it in half, and offered the extra to the boys, who politely declined.
"Well, I'm sure the dogs would love this," I suggested, but noted the alarming look the boys gave their mother.
"They can each have half, Loren, if you're sure," Chas agreed.
That changed their attitude as they took their extra with smiles and lip licking. The fat was saved to add to the dog's dishes.
"These hedgehog mushrooms are wonderful," I told Art.
"The boys picked them," he responded, then pushed an overloaded fork of meat and mushrooms into his maw.
They don't usually get this big in September, but we are pretty far north, so I was not surprised. I saw them before they were sauteed in butter and garlic and there wasn't a hint of blue or purple, nor any scales on the head, so I knew that they were edible.
"So, you had a good year?" Art said. "I saw your prices, and the other guys are asking for a lot less than you."
"True. I am trying to hit that niche market though, so I don't think the extra is going to be a problem. As I said to Chas, I had 12 trips and 10 of them put in a deposit for next season, and I'm trying to get some Native friends certified so that we can expand."
"There's that much demand?" Art asked, but his smile revealed that he was not surprised at all. Sex in the wilderness will never go out of style.
"You boys can feed the dogs and then do a perimeter check," Art finally announced. "We might get more wind, so make sure that everything is secure," he added as they excused themselves and took their plates and silverware to the kitchen.
They really impressed me when Zeek grabbed his mom and dad's dirty dishes and Cooper took mine and the empty serving dish, without being told.
"These boys are getting a great education up here," I reasoned. "And they are becoming true gentlemen like their father."
Art just smiled.
I went to my cabin to make sure that I was set up for the night and I brushed to get some of the meat from between my teeth. They had improved the cabins to have hot water and a private shower. Not so rustic anymore, I thought.
The last time that I was here, the boys were only 7 and 8, so we slept in a tent while my parents took their one cabin. Art had hired two men to help build the other two cabins, and he worked as the contractor. I could see the craftsmanship in the rails and cabinets, but the running water and electricity worked too.
We packed it in early up here, though we did stare at the stars for a little while. I really would have enjoyed a puff, but I didn't know if it would be acceptable, so I left my stash in the cabin when I came out to their bonfire.
"The boys are in their bunky, Loren. They said to tell you g'night for them." She smiled, and I know she was thinking about how I was affecting her adolescent sons. "Art has a little something that he smokes in his pipe, but we didn't know if you indulge or not?" she said.
I had to laugh. Pierre Trudeau had at least gotten that one right, when he finally legalized marijuana in Canada.
"I certainly do indulge!" I said. "It travels a lot lighter than whiskey and the container is seldom affected when you drop it."
Art didn't say a thing, he just passed his pipe to me.
Everyone was tired so we soon broke it up and Chas walked me back to the cabin while Art put out the fire.
When we got to my door Chas took my hand.
"If you want a little company..." she paused to give me a chance to make an excuse, but when I just smiled she continued. "I would love to watch Art make you cum." She said cummm so quietly and provocatively.
My clit was pulsing, just thinking about that rugged man fucking me.
"The bed isn't big enough for three?" I asked, as a question.
"We could use our bed," Chas said quietly. "We've done four, but three is very comfortable," she purred.
We continued on to the main lodge, hand in hand.
I have had some experience with a woman, so I know that I prefer a cock, but everyone has lips and fingers and tongues, so I am just happy to have enthusiasm in my bed. No labels needed.
"Let me get a fire going, while we wait for Art. He always double-checks the perimeter. Trust, but confirm, is our teaching technique," she explained as she put some kindling over birch bark in the fireplace.
Their luxurious bedroom was the original structure that was built in 1921. They had purchased the cabin and took 2 years to build the rest of the lodge, which gave all of the lake views to the great-room and dining room, but they still had the privacy, since all of the guests used their cabins at night.
When Art came in he stared at me for at least a minute.
"Are you sure about this, Loren? I am old enough to be your father?" he quietly asked.
"Ah, but you are not so old, and I don't judge people by silly standards like that!" I proclaimed. "My parents raised me to enjoy life and to be responsible for my actions, and that's all that I expect from my lovers."
He started to unbutton his heavy shirt, so I pulled my shirt over my head and looked for a place to put it.
Art stepped forward and took it, and threw it on a comfy looking chair without looking away from my tits.
"Wow, you got your mom's jugs all right!" Chas announced.
I turned to her, wondering if they had ever partnered with my parents, but she didn't confirm or deny with the expression on her face.
Art reached over with both hands and cupped my breasts so gently.
"It's great to watch Art with a pair of cupcakes like those," Chas claimed.
I looked over at Chas and she had her work pants off and one hand was down her undies, while the other hand played with a nipple.
"Do you mind if I take off your shorts Loren," Art quietly asked. His deference to my desires was certainly not necessary.
"Please do," I responded with my breath catching. My arousal would become obvious when he got my shorts off, but he could already see how swollen my nipples were.
Art got on his knees and pulled my bike shorts down. I could feel his breath on my shaved labia. He reached in and parted my labia and stretched me so that my inner lips parted for him, and he could see my entire womanhood spread before him.
"Come see this Hun," he summoned Chas. "She is so wet!" he marveled.
I felt a twinge of humiliation as I was presented to another person like a commodity.
"Wow. What does she taste like? You better find out now, cause it's probably going to be different after she cums," Chas suggested.
Art leaned in and pushed his tongue deep into my cunt. I could feel him fill me up as the thicker part pushed in and the tip started to thrash about like it was a mixing tool.
"I said have a taste! You pig. You don't want to make her cum before I have a taste, do you? Loren, you don't mind if I have a taste do you?" Chas inquired.
"No...uh, um, I mean yes, you can have a taste, Chas but you will have to do it soon, uh,..." I was worried that I would have an orgasm now.
Art pulled back right away and smacked his lips like he was doing a wine tasting.
"A bit salty, but cum free I think," he pondered.
Chas pushed her smaller tongue into me and ran it up and down the slit, about an inch and a half inside of me. After a few passes she stopped at my clit and started to lap at it. I thought I was aroused before, but now I was really aching, with a need for an orgasm!
"Don't forget to taste," Art warned his feline wife.
Char stopped strumming me and I was able to get my breath.
"Cooper must have worn a rubber," Chas decided, then had another lick. "I think she came though. Did you masturbate, or did you ride your pilot's cock?" Chas challenged me.
"Yes, there was a condom," I revealed, "and yes I masturbated for him, and yes I rode his cock to two more orgasms," I revealed to my new fuck-friends.
Art positioned me, standing between the two of them, with Chas kneeling before and him behind my naked body. Art pushed into my ass with his tongue, again going for depth. Chas watched my reaction, then when she was satisfied that I was being pleasured, she dove in for her own devilish enjoyment.
Art started to thrust in and out, with his lips and face tapping into my butt cheeks with every thrust. He kept my ass cheeks spread to enable him to go deep.
Chas went back to a hard strumming of my clit.
A climax hit me hard, but I didn't want to shout out for fear that the boys would come running.
"Oh God, Oh God, uh uh uh," I let the joy wash over me as these two loving friends brought me into a great orgasm. They didn't stop too soon either so I really had a chance to come down and regain my breath.
I hadn't even noticed when I took my own breasts in my hands and started to pinch my nipples, but there they were. Then I realized that they hadn't stopped working on me. Now Art had pulled back and was licking the pucker ring, while Chas gave me kitten licks on the labia and my vagina lips.
"Should we hit the sack?" I asked, meekly.
"Switch?" Chas asked.
Art whipped me around, using my hips as handles.
"How did the taste change, Chas?" he asked his wife, but she was already deep in my bum and driving me crazy.
Art didn't wait for the answer, and he wanted to make me cum too, so he tried his magic on me next.
It was like I was impaled on two mouths! They just kept working on me, so I relaxed and enjoyed their exuberance. I lightly rubbed my fingers on my extended nipples and concentrated on my breathing.
It took an extra five minutes, but they don't watch t.v. up here, so they are used to long lovemaking sessions, just how I like it. My second orgasm was inevitable, and I knew that I had more in store for the next hour or more.
When they finally lay me on their bed I still hadn't even seen Art's cock. Chas had me raise my legs up so that she could watch her husband's cock enter me for the first time.
He kept his weight on his knees as he tapped the head of his cock on my mound, causing me to squirm. The two orgasms made me sensitive to my labia, but I was also very moist with my own juices and theirs coating me inside and out.
Art pushed into me, and I was glad to find that he had a fat cock, if not terribly long. He had no belly to get in the way, and neither did I, so his pelvis slapped into my labia firmly.
I let out a cry of pleasure and turned to find Chas was studying my face.
"He still does that to me every time," she whispered.
Art started slow, keeping his weight off of me it was easy for him to plunge the 4 inches, keeping the head engaged in his target.
Chas kissed me passionately and her hands went to my breasts.
I tried to reach her pussy with my right hand, but she was stretched out too far. Her lips left mine and she kissed down to my bouncing breasts.
She kissed the underside while pushing them towards my face.
"Let me taste you Chas," I insisted.
She stood up and positioned her feet on either side of my head, facing her husband. Then she dropped to her knees and leaned into her man while lowering her hairy bush to my face.
I didn't expect her to shave her pussy, and I certainly knew where the lady parts were, so I dove right in and found her clit swollen and extended. I started with a few full strokes, from the clit to the tang, but realizing the sensitivity of the clit I quickly concentrated on that magic nerve. My hands were free to spread her pussy and her ass cheeks.
She was moaning and nearing bliss, when Art lifted her face to his and he kissed her while putting his hands on her cute but small breasts. He obviously knew his way around her breasts, and she started to cum, lifting away from my tongue, but I lifted my face and followed her movements, to continue her climax. Art pushed her back, and she undulated between us, making moans and panting with ecstasy.
Art was a gentleman, but he could not contain himself and wait for my release, but I forgave him, knowing that they would not leave me hanging.
Art started to cum and his wife had her tongue thrashing in his mouth while he played with her nipples.
"Huh. Huh. Huh. Oh yes. OH UH UH!" He made more noise than either of the ladies, but I could forgive him as he kept going for the extra five minutes that I needed to have another spirited release of joy.
I couldn't take a chance that we would fall asleep, and I was tired from a long day, so I slipped out of their bed soon after.
"Can you break up that fire, Hun?" Chas called over. "I don't think we'll need it for warmth."
I used their fireplace tools to push the sticks apart and dampened the influx pipe to starve the fire of air. They were starting to fuck and I watched them for a few minutes, then I grabbed my clothes and headed for my own cabin. The day had given me some nice memories, but I was still apprehensive of my next 7 days.
I woke to the dogs barking, then realized the sun was bright enough that it could be noon. I hadn't showered last night, so I enjoyed their warm water for a long hot shower. I didn't expect to get a return invite to the Simpson bedroom, not with the other couple and my clients in the cabins, only 50 yards away.
"The men are gone fishing, Loren," Char called to me as I came into their modern Lodge kitchen. "We have the Pearson's coming in this morning, so I couldn't go with them."
She was made for this lifestyle, just like me.
"How is the fishing from here to the Fort?" I asked as I filled my cup with a strong coffee, then added a spoon full of powdered milk.
"It's been good, but you won't be able to troll much, the water level is low in September, so you're going to be facing Class 2 technical rapids and at least 50 portages," she advised me.
"I have the notes and maps that you sent me, and I've talked to a few of Charlie's nephews who travel through here every year," I responded. "These two Professors from the Sioux Forestry College are in good shape, and they respect the land, so I think we will have a good trip."
"The question is, will they expect to get laid?" Chas delivered the problem in its basest form.
I just nodded my head.
"It's like I'm on my first date," I sighed.
The Pearson's flew in just before noon, but it wasn't Cooper flying, and the old pilot didn't say more than hey, before he was back in the air. The Pearson's had extra packages for the Lodge, since they were still open till after the American Thanksgiving. The lake would be frozen soon after that.
Our new guests were in their forties just like the proprietors of the establishment. Connie had her top off just as soon as the plane was gone.
"You said you were going to let them out this year, and you did!" Connie declared joyously.
"They are fine looking specimens too," Carl Pearson energetically offered his opinion.
We were introduced, and no one asked me why my tits were still covered. I wanted to let them fly. It was a nice day, and no bugs... but I still wasn't comfortable with the boys, at their age.
I helped to get the luggage and supplies up to the cabin and the lodge, then I became the bartender, and went to get three homemade beers and an ice water for me.
When I came out on the front deck, I found Chas giving a blow job to Carl, while Connie sat back and watched.
"We are on lookout duty," Connie said and took two of the glasses from my tray. "Oh, I hope you don't mind Loren, but I don't have an interest in women, though I do like to watch sometimes. Of course I'm going to be sopping wet to get Art's fat cock hammering into me," she detailed her desire to me without the slightest idea of who I was.
Then she took my hand.
"Oh, don't worry girl, Chas told me about last night, so I know that you are not shocked."
She looked me right in the eye, so I smiled.
"Hi Connie, do you know if they do this with everyone, or is it..." I didn't want to offend anyone, especially since I fucked every one of my clients this year. Well, so far anyway.
"You'll have to ask them that one, sugar. We just keep it away from the kids. Outside of that, I guess it's none of my business?" she said, in a perfect response. One that I should consider. It just wasn't my business.
It wasn't the right time for fishing, or I would have gone out myself. The guys must have traveled to the other end of the lake and fished in the rapids, where the fish are hungry all of the time.
I grabbed my lightweight canoe. It is only 14 feet long, and it's made of a carbon composite to make it very strong and incredibly light. Mine is only 43 pounds so I had no problem swinging it off of the yolks that it sat on, then onto my shoulders for the short walk down the dock. I paused to pull Charlie off of the paddle rack.
On the water is where I feel at peace. A late summer paddle on a flat lake is the best form of therapy for me. My knees are on the bottom of the canoe, pressed against the skin of my vessel, like a jockey riding his stead. I can feel the warmth of the lake and the movement of the water under me. Having no cargo, the sides ride high, and are more easily influenced by a heavy breeze. The seat is positioned in the optimum position for a cargo of 45 to 50 pounds, so I need to stay further forward to keep the bow down. I paddle with my body high over my knees. My feet under the seat allows me to lean far forward if I want or need to.
With my paddle on the left, and a breeze from the right, it makes life easier to let the bow ride a bit higher, so the wind keeps me naturally straight without having to waste energy in the J stroke. Few people know the intricacies of the canoe as well as I do.
I accelerate swiftly as a self test. I am trying to hit just the right lean and just the smallest amount of side thrust at the end of each long stroke, while still moving in a straight line.
I heard a plane overhead, and moved to hug the shore even closer, so the pilot wouldn't worry about me crossing at the worst possible moment. It was certain to be my clients from Sudbury, but I was sure that they would be received by Chas and the Pearson's. I would see them at dinner.
I was just warming up, when I saw the Lodge boat coming from the far end of the long narrow lake. Art slowed and came over towards my little vessel. The 18 ft. flat-bottom aluminum fishing boat had twin 75's on the back and a rack to put canoes or other equipment above the occupants heads if they sat. They had a 16 ft canoe strapped onto the rack and it was wet, so I knew they had paddled upstream after the rapids that empty into Lake Lancaster.
"How was the fishing," I yelled over the idling engines. They know the area too well to get skunked.
"We will be eating Pickerel tonight," Art explained as soon as he cut the ignition. "The boys want to race you in, are you up to the challenge?" Art asked and smiled.
"Have you guys been practicing?" I asked. "You know I won't let you win."
"We have been practicing," Zeek admitted.
"We can beat dad," Casper bragged.
"Well then, what is the wager?" I felt confident that I could beat Art, but it might be close with two against one. The trick is that they have to work together, so it was not a sure thing for me.
"We will carry your canoe and gear on your first portage tomorrow if you win," Zeek explained.
"Can I tell her what we get when we win?" Casper was very anxious and sure of his team.
"No. Loren gets to decide what she is willing to put up as her side of the bet." Zeek maturely pointed out.
I thought about deferring to Casper, but then I realized that I only had one thing that these boys would want.
"If you win, then I will go topless until we leave tomorrow," I pledged. I saw Art's eyebrows shoot up, but he only smiled.
"That's a bet," both boys spouted at the same time.
Dad just sat there while his industrious sons unstrapped the canoe and easily flipped it into the water.
Their boat was an old fiberglass one that weighed about a hundred pounds, and their life jackets were also blocky and old. Mine was a sleek, fast inflate emergency flotation device, which was not in my way at all.
Zeek took to the back, and positioned my craft on the opposite side of the motor boat to let Art start the race. The first team to the dock would be the winner.
We had about 2 kilometers to travel, which I expected to cover in less than 12 minutes.
"Don't go like wild men," I heard Art coaching his sons. You have a moderate distance, but Loren's many racing wins have all come in long distance marathons, so I think you have a chance," he suggested.
Their dad was right. I have won a few marathons in Ontario and Michigan, but they were all 20 and 50 km. races with multiple portages and they were divided into age groups and sexes, so this would be a very different test.
"Get Ready! Get Set! Go!" Art cried out.
My paddle was already poised to break the surface and I dug deeply into the calm water.
Zeek started with a cadence.
"Stroke, stroke, stroke," he called out, while his brother extended himself quite nicely to get a longer stroke.
I was not pulling my hardest, but I knew that I had lots of time, so I stayed on their left and let them have half a boat of lead.
Casper looked over his left shoulder and saw the slight lead.
"We are winning," he called out, but he didn't miss a stroke.
I pushed myself forward so that I could make a longer stroke. I reached Charlie two feet further up the canoe and sat back as I pulled the water past my hips and into a slight but strong J. Keeping the same tempo meant that I had to pull faster, taking a lot of strain on my shoulders, hips and thighs. There is no better workout, in my humble opinion. My hands and wrists were working too and my core muscles were getting a good test.
In three strokes I was even with Casper, and he started to lose his cool.
"Stay with the pace I set, Casper," Zeek cautioned his brother.
I shortened my stroke again, but kept the pace that Zeek was setting for us.
We glided towards the docks ahead, having covered half of the distance in less than 5 minutes.
Zeek started to call out faster, but all I had to do was keep pace, and I could do this for much longer than 20 minutes.
Casper was looking frantic, and I felt a little sorry for him, but I don't play to lose.
"I think it's going to be a few more years before you get to see my rack boys," I called over, then I increased the length of the stroke again, keeping their same tempo.
I shot ahead of them, and gained a few feet with every stroke. Now I started calling the tempo the way it's meant to be done. With grunts.
I shifted Charlie to the other side which was fresher and I kept up a feverish pace as I pulled yards ahead, then boat lengths ahead. My shoulders and glutes were heating up quickly.
I heard Zeek call for a switch in paddle sides, but they couldn't catch me. I glided smoothly along the dock 5 or 6 lengths ahead of them.
Art motored up, having kept a safe distance.
"Maybe next year boys," Art tried to soothe their aching egos.
Art insisted on having the boys put away my canoe, so I put Charlie on the paddle rack and helped Art with one end of the cooler that had their catch inside. It was impressively heavy.
"Casper caught the biggest one this time," Art explained, while Casper was close enough to hear the praise. "Zeek did well too," he concluded, to give him his due.
"I have beaten 20 year olds that were not as gentlemanly as your son's Art, but at least they will know that they have really accomplished something, when they finally do beat me."
I was pleased to know that paddling a canoe was something that some Canadians still took seriously.
"They need to work their torso and their legs if they want to beat me. It is the only way to lengthen their stroke, and that is the only way that they will ever beat me."
Peter and Isador came down to the dock to greet the returning fishermen. I was the only one that knew everyone, so I did the introductions including a short characterization of their lives and how I met them.
"I am so envious of you young lads," Isador announced, obviously referring to the two defeated boys. "You can have the best education on the land and water, while getting a top notch education through the internet."
"Kids do learn over the computer a whole lot better today than I could when I was young," Peter agreed. "They have come a long way, with interactive classes especially."
"The wilderness at their doorstep is their real advantage," I added, knowing from experience. My father was the Chief Ranger for the Witamaki Provincial Park and the surrounding area, and my mother was a Biologist that studied the large mammals in Northern Ontario, so I was a wilderness brat myself.
With mom regularly on field trips, I had my father's best friend Charlie Whitefeather to watch over me. He lived in a one room cabin that looked more like a shed, deep in the woods near our cottage on Silver Lake.
Many people were aghast at the concept of an elder man watching over a female child, but mother trusted him too, so that's the way it was.
He insisted from the start that he was to be called Charlie, and one nod from dad was all I needed.
He was the best man that I ever met.
When I was 12 my parents gave me my first solo canoe. I've had many more and Kayaks too, but it was Charlie that I paddled alongside and learned not only how to paddle, but how to read the water and the wind and even the birds and aquatic animals. I went on many outings with mom and dad, but everything I learned about the land was learned at the side of that great man.
Then, after my parents were killed in a winter car crash, Charlie told me that he was going to see all of his friends before he died, and that he may never see me again. I was eighteen, and had just lost my parents, so I did not understand how he could leave me like that, but I had to accept it, and move on. Not all lessons of the North are easy to accept.
My memories were interrupted when Isador dove in the lake. Everyone turned and watched the elder man enjoy a long underwater swim, then he came to the surface and shouted in joy.
"Who would not want to be right here!" he shouted and waved his arms in the air like a champion.
"It is a perfect night," I exclaimed, and dove in to celebrate with my teacher and friend. He may be older, but he didn't carry any extra weight, and he looked muscly enough. His silver hair was long, with a tie in the back so there was no fuss.
I heard more splashes from behind and turned to see who was joining us. It was Peter, followed quickly by Chas and Connie. Now it would get interesting.
Art decided that the boys had seen enough and they had to filet the fish for our supper. He explained that he would have a swim with them after the work was done, so they grudgingly ascended to the Lodge.
Connie was floating between my two clients, with her nipples held just above the waterline. She wasn't fat, so she had to be kicking a little harder than necessary to give the men a show.
Then Chas decided to have a little float, bringing her little tits completely out of the water. They may have been small, but they still drew the eyes of the men. Her bikini-covered mound was floating just above the water too, and I wondered if they could see some wisps of pubic hair, or the outline of her labia?
I hope you gentlemen like Pickerel," Chas wondered casually.
"Ye..yes, er I mean Yes we do Mrs. Simpson," Peter responded for both of them, since Isador could only look and blink in awe.
I had seen enough, so I made my excuses and headed up to get a shower before dinner.
"Peter, Izzy, I will see you at dinner, but right now I need a shower," I explained, then walked up to my cabin. I felt a chill from the breeze on my wet skin, but my nipples were already hard. I knew that these clients were attracted to women, so I might have some fun on this trip after all.
I could hear the banter as I climbed the path.
"I may not enjoy women like you three do, but that is one fine looking woman," Connie announced as she watched me leave.
I hung my wet shorts and bikini top on the porch rail of my cabin, wearing only a fluffy towel. I saw Mr. Pearson, studying the chicken coop and I waved. When he smiled and returned my wave, I indicated with a finger to come closer.
"I was just about to shower, and I noticed that you looked a bit grimy, and might need a shower before dinner?" I let the question finish itself.
"No reason to waste water, I suppose," Carl smiled and left his sandals at the door.
I dropped the towel on the rack before adjusting the water temperature.
"Oh thank God," Carl moaned. "I wanted you from the second I saw you." He was not losing any time in getting his shirt and shorts off. His hands found my tits from behind, as I set the shower nozzle back into its holder.
I turned into his arms and almost laughed out loud when I was confronted with a condom pinched between Carl's lips.
"Auee" Tom mumbled without losing the package.
I took the condom and set it on the ledge that held the soaps, then I reached back and took Carl's cock in my trailing hand, and stepped into the spray. Carl was forced to follow me and his cock naturally squeezed between my thighs as he pressed in close and pulled the glass door shut behind him.
We kissed while we lathered each other up, then we rinsed ourselves by running our hands all over each other so that the water washed away our sweat and grime.
I dropped to one knee and checked out Carl's equipment. He was not so big in girth, but he had 7 inches for pussy piercing pleasure. The head was passing into my throat 30 seconds later. I still had no stud in my tongue, but I ran the tip back and forth while his hands helped me to shift from crown to base with increasing speed until he blew his load right down my throat. I backed him out, with the first blast safely swallowed, then I milked out any extra with my hands.
Carl helped me up by lifting me by my C cups. Better than using my ears, I suppose, but I again wondered why men never offer to take my hands?
I was going to bring him to the bed, but Carl decided not to wait.
He dropped to both knees and had a deep lick of my pussy, then he followed it with two fingers, keeping his palm up. He started jacking me while grinding his tongue across my clit.
I was taken by surprise by this intimate and aggressive finger fucking and the mashing in of my labia as he was rough with his tongue play. I put my face right in the shower stream and let the water cascade all around my body. My own hands were again squeezing my breasts in my favorite caress, but I started pinching the nibs to match the intensity of the pubic action below.
The orgasm was great and Carl was experienced enough to know that it would peek and wane, then I would cum again and again for perhaps 5 minutes of bliss.
I took everything that Carl had, and he was exhausted by the time we dried ourselves, and so we dressed and headed for the lodge, leaving the condom unopened on my soap tray.
The fish prep was complete, and the slabs of fish were marinating under a dish cloth to keep the flies away.
I stepped in, next to Casper as he washed some home grown vegetables.
"Are those fresh?" I asked my young friend.
"They sure are, Loren," he responded cheerfully. "I harvested the lettuce just ten minutes ago," he finished.
Zeek was chopping an onion like a chef, so I just sat at the kitchen table and watched them work together. Art pulled a pint of dark ale for Carl and they continued out to the deck for some man talk.
"We are saving up for our own solo canoes Loren, so we will be racing you separately next year," Zeek informed me.
"Yeah, and we found some good training videos that dad says will help us," Casper added.
I just smiled, knowing it would be a few years before they had a chance to beat me in the open water, and a lot more work would be needed if they thought they could keep up with me in the rapids or on a portage. I was sure that they would be fine men, whether they could match me or not.
"When your father was your age, he would have been too embarrassed to talk to a pretty girl, and it would have driven him to tears if he lost a race to one," I explained, trying to tell them how proud I was of them, without being too girly.
"You are unbeatable in that canoe Loren, but we had to try," Zeek responded meekly.
"If you get your canoes through the Witamaki Outfitter, I'll throw in a few days of white water coaching, if your folks agree," I offered my attentive friends.
"Yes!" they both squealed, confident that their parents would accept my offer.
Chas finally showed up and headed straight into their bedroom suite for a shower. I assumed that the others were doing the same.
Three minutes later my clients showed up, freshly dressed in long pants and short sleeved shirts. Everyone used slippers or went barefoot inside, like the kids. I showed the men to the bar and they chose to start with the home brew, which they complimented as they continued out to the front porch, to chat with the men, and enjoy the view of the lake and valley.
"Those guys are professors?" Casper asked when I returned to the table.
"Yes, from Sioux Forestry College," I acknowledged.
"They're pretty cool for professors," Casper pondered.
I had to agree that they were pretty cool.
"So you guys go to regular school in December?" I asked.
"Until March," Zeek confirmed. "There are three other kids in our on-line classes that live up North and then go to our school in Sudbury with us during the off season."
"That is great," I responded, "What about girls?"
They did not answer right away, but finally Casper had to tell me.
"Zeek has an admirer," he quickly spouted.
"Shut it," Zeek demanded through clenched teeth.
"Well, you do!" Casper defended himself. "And she's really cute, Loren," Casper bravely continued as his brother sternly hovered near him.
"That is the way of the world," Casper, I said, and gave his cheek a pinch.
They were finished with their work and they went to tell their father, hoping that they had done enough to satisfy their demanding leader.
"You promised them a swim dad," I reminded Art with a smile.
"That I did," Art agreed and he jumped to his feet and finished his pint of beer before running for the path to the docks, ripping his shirt over his head as he was chased by his two offspring.
"How early can you gentlemen be ready? Those two lost our race and they will be helping us to do the first portage," I explained.
"I heard from Mrs. Simpson that you offered to go topless if they won," Isador postulated without a hint of judgment. "Of course we knew that there was no chance that the winner of the Sioux Forestry Marathon for three years running was going to lose to a couple of youths, but it was still an odd bet to this old guy."
"I think that they are very mature, Sir, and I would have fulfilled my duty had I lost, but it would have taken an act of God for that to happen." I defended myself.
"Well, I have no problem with a woman baring her breast," Isador reflected. "Two thirds of the world goes topless, so it's only our puritan society that sets the dress code," he professed.
"I'm not embarrassed by my man-tits," Peter said and he pulled his light shirt up to expose a pair that would rival Chas.
I just smiled and wondered if he was trying to tell me that I should follow the lead of the other two women.
Chas baked the pickerel but had me cook some potatoes in the BBQ while she made a sweet smelling sauce on her modern gas range.
She opened up the oven after only 15 minutes and poured half of the sauce on the fish, then broiled it for 5 minutes. The glaze darkened up and caramelized just before she pulled it out.
The 3 males returned from their swim and Art dried his feet before going through to their bedroom to dress. They had used the dock shower, which has only cold water from their well, but it is pumped into a black bladder on the roof of the boat house, so it can be comfortably warm for their guests.
The fish proved to be spectacular, as these Innkeepers showed off their skills for a very appreciative group of hungry people. The boys were excused so they could do some of tomorrow's school work before bed time.
I helped with the dishes, while my patrons scraped off the dishes and put everything away.
I played some chess against Peter, while Isador kibitzed shamelessly trying to help me to defeat his peer, but I couldn't find a way through his defenses and I finally left the two men to battle it out directly.
The two couples were sitting by the fire, with Carl and Connie cuddling in the loveseat. He probably told her about his afternoon adventure with me, as she envisioned another night with the lumberjack.
Art left to make sure that his son's had checked the property before going to their bunky in the rear of the property.
The ending of the evening came as a shock to me, when Connie and Chas took the Professors to their cabin. I was just floored when they didn't come back, and the cabin light went out.
"Do you guys want company tonight, or do you expect me to watch and play with myself?" I asked my two lonely wolves. The dogs were content in their beds near the doused fireplace, so I had to settle for the other wagging tongues.
Carl hadn't taken me for a ride on his cock yet, so we settled into a doggie style, with me being the bitch sucking on Art's Lumberjack pole. He had enough experience to keep going until I had Art bursting in my mouth, then I had an orgasm and Carl burst his nut into the condom that he had to borrow from Art.
"Those guys are going to have a great time, as long as they don't kill themselves," Art laughed and lay across the side of the bed. I went right to his softening fatty and played with it, hoping for another ride on that fat pole. Carl stayed the same direction as Art and moved his head into my groin for a little nuzzling and exploring.
Art lay back, with his hands behind his head. I looked up over his hard abs and marveled at how wide his chest was in that posture. His cock started to feel a little more firm, so I sucked it back into my mouth and enjoyed Carl's fingers in my snatch.
"Move in the middle so I can ride you, Cowboy," I murmured to my backwoodsman.
Carl moved out of the way and let me straddle his friend, but I motioned him in for a suck, and he stood on the bed so that I could lean forward and have Art jack up and into me, while I roughly molested Carl's long dong. It took a while for the men to cum, but I had a series of little orgasm while Art slammed into me with his fat cock, his six pack abs allowed his pelvis to spank off of my mound with every punch of his cock into my sopping wet pussy.
Carl first, then Art, finally squeezed out a little bit of fluid and still enjoyed the beautiful sexual release.
"What the fuck!" Connie whined as her and Chas came into the bedroom.
They won't be able to function for at least an hour, after that floozy coaxed our men into her cunt," She complained to Chas.
"They can just eat you for dessert, girlfriend," Chas suggested, while she had eyes for me.
I didn't get to my cabin until after 2, so I had to set an alarm to make sure that I didn't look like the worst guide that ever graduated from the Sioux.
There was a tapping at my window! That's what woke me, but I quickly looked at my cell to find that I had not changed the timer to a.m. and I had missed my 5 a.m. wake up by 30 minutes already.
I probably looked like a used whore, but I grabbed my small kit, and ran to the dock, where the boys had our three canoes totally ready, with their own empty one alongside. Zeek had tapped on my window, but he hadn't said a word to the men.
My two clients stood there smiling, like they knew that I had fucked two men and one woman last night, but there is no way that they could have known, so I just said my good mornings and we all got in our canoes as the sun rose at the end of the lake.
The boys took the lead in their 16 footer, while the three of us slowly woke up and got our older muscles warmed up.
The sun looked so warm, even if the cool of the night had yet to burn off.
We had a 6 km paddle to the 1500 meter portage past a set of rapids.
Once I was warmed up I set Charlie down on my pack and pulled my rapid inflate pfd off, then I pulled my clingy shirt over my head and let the girls free. Then I put the pdf back on, but it didn't hide my bouncing breasts.
I just got Charlie back in the water, when Peter saw my new uniform and gave a loud hoot.
Izzy looked over and added his cheer to his coworker's, but when the boys looked back, they lost their balance first one way, then back the other, and over they went into the drink!
It was all that I could do not to laugh, and my two customers had an even harder time keeping the laughter from their faces, but they are disciplined men and they hurried in to show their prowess with a canoe to canoe rescue. Isador took over right away, being the Survival Expert.
There was no gear to save, so I sat back and watched as they slid the canoe, bow first, onto Peter's canoe until all of the water was out, then Isador helped to get the heavy boat back in the water with more water outside than in. The strong lads had no trouble scooting back into their vessel, but the adventure took long enough that they almost forgot what caused them to capsize. They almost lost it again when they looked over at me. Peter saved them by grabbing their canoe and giving them a chance to get their senses.
"They are only tits, son," Izzy admonished them with a tiny bit of authority in his voice. "You are just getting to be old enough to realize how beautiful and powerful girls are, but you had better learn to give all women respect, so avert your eyes if you aren't man enough to keep your head and your balance."
Casper looked down at the water, but Zeek looked over at me, smiled and nodded, like a gentleman.
I teared up a little, but I hid it by striking out ahead of them all. I raised up high on my knees, knowing that would bring my stunning ass into view, but fuck it. I'm a woman! Hear me roar!
They followed me the whole way, but it was only a half hour before we were picking up canoes and equipment.
The boys pulled their canoe up high and out of the way, while I picked up my pack and Charlie, leaving my canoe for my slaves to handle.
Zeek took it himself, while Casper took the food barrel and the camp pack.
My customers still had to handle their own canoes and a light pack each, but we were all in high spirits as we set out on our long portage.
All four of them stayed considerate and didn't stare at me, though I still felt odd. I stayed ahead of them most of the way, having only my canoe on a wide open trail and no wind or rain.
I put my prize into the shallows and rested Charlie on my seat while I turned to see how my charges were doing.
Izzy had taken a rest at the halfway point, but Peter was close behind, though he was huffing and puffing like the big bad wolf. Zeek must have stopped to help his brother with the food barrel, which was always the heaviest at the start of a trip, but they had kept moving and were only 100 yards back.
As they settled their packs down on the shore next to the canoes, they stood and stared at me for just a minute.
Finally Zeek walked up to me and offered his hand.
"I hope I meet a girl like you someday Loren," he said as he shook my hand. His brother moved in behind him and though I felt like giving the younger one a hug, it might have been a bit too awkward, so I shook his hand too.
"Catch you next year Loren," Casper said while looking me right in the eyes like his father would.
They did look over their shoulder a few times, especially as they passed Isador. They offered him help and he shooed them away, having too much pride to get any more help from the two youths. They gave us a last wave at the top of the rise, then ran back toward home.
"Those are not just two lucky young men," Isador said, while puffing and setting down his burden. "They are also two deserving young men and I expect that they will make this world a better place," he sagely summed up my own feelings.
The first section was fast water, but no rapids. We moved swiftly, gobbling up the distance until we came to a sweeper. A sweeper is a downed tree that will sweep you out of your canoe and ruin your day if you're not careful. People have drowned when being surprised by a tree in fast water. You can be swept into more undergrowth and get trapped underwater, with the current pushing you into your watery grave. I was in the lead and immediately determined that we had to eddy out right, so I shouted my command, and took an extra second to indicate the escape direction with my blade.
I hit the water on the right of the canoe back-paddling furiously to lose velocity and side-slip to the slower water on the starboard side. I could not look at my friends, trusting them to be able to maneuver as quickly as I could. I didn't look until I knew that I was safe, then I turned to see that they easily followed me. The extra 5 seconds of warning had given them an easy chore compared to mine.
We took 5 minutes to get our craft around the obstacle, then we were back at it for only 20 minutes before we got to our second portage of the day.
This time we had no extra help, so I expected that one or two of us would have to double carry until the food barrel was lighter. We only had one extra paddle for the three of us, but I decided that we needed two tents, so we had to leave two canoes while we moved all of the gear. My plan was for our senior man to prepare our lunch and keep the critters away, while Peter and I got the canoes, but Izzy insisted on going back for this trip, suggesting that we could alternate the added duty for further portages.
I realized that he was just slow to get warmed up in the morning, and now that the sun was overhead he had a lot more energy.
We walked together on the way back so I decided to ask the burning questions.
"So, did you two have a good sleep Professor?" I slyly asked my senior friend.
"Hmm, my memory is getting a little sketchy child. I can hardly remember things like that anymore," he mused with a straight face.
"But I will say that Gail and I never had sex with other people when she was alive, but the world is certainly a different place today," he surmised.
"Ah, so you did get laid last night Sir." I wanted to ask which one he mounted, but it was definitely not the thing that a Gentleman would talk about.
"Actually I managed to enjoy both of those beautiful young women, but the thing that surprised me the most, was their insistence that I might find my way into your arms, if I played my cards right."
He stopped and I did too, to clear the air.
"I must admit, that I have had sex with every customer so far, but that's just because I love sex, and I love people that are comfortable in my wilderness," I kept my chin up, while I gave it to him straight.
"Your wilderness?" he chuckled as he said it.
"Yes, I consider myself to be a Steward of this land, so I will insist that you respect it."
"And those that don't respect the land?" He challenged me.
"Then they don't get my respect, or anything else from me," I detailed my philosophy, as it is.
He smiled, then turned to continue.
"It should be a fun trip then," he said over his shoulder.
"It better be, cause it's not going to be a cakewalk, and I expect to sleep well," I concluded, but he acted like he didn't hear me. Then I remembered that he was 58 and might not have heard me!
We were back for lunch a half hour later, and Peter had loaded the canoes so that we were back on the water 20 minutes later.
We soon had to pull over to scout a class 2 technical, but it was challenging enough that we carried over the gear, leaving only our canoes, vests, paddles and helmets.
There was an easy section after the rapids, so a wipe-out would not be a disaster. We determined exactly what we had to avoid, which was a rolling torrent of water where there was a void in the rock, and the water tumbled. It would be hard to get your body out of that hole, let alone a canoe.
We gave the area a wide skirt, probably going too close to trouble on the right, but we escaped disaster, with Peter getting some water in his vessel, while Izzy and I were completely dry.
We were all excited by the conquest, and we couldn't wait for more.
The first camp was still a few hours of water and 6 short portages away, but it all went well, and we were able to set up where Charlie's nephews told me we could watch a perfect sunset down the valley, and trade wolf calls, if the weather was good.
I had switched the first night's fare to a simple goulash that was easily re-hydrated. Conventional trippers like steak for the first night, but I have found that my patrons are much more interested in getting their dicks wet, so an elaborate meal as a reward for a hard day is a joke next to their eagerness to get their cocks into little old me.
We had two tents set up, and they were both large enough to handle three people, if they were close friends.
"Which one are you in Loren," Peter asked, when he was setting up the sleeping bags.
"Put my stuff in either one, but I want you two separated so we can get to know each other in privacy," I ordered, as the leader of this passage.
I didn't hear a complaint, so I continued to make the dinner, while Isador continued to get firewood and water.
The meal was great, as every one of them should be, when you can satisfy your hunger and the world is so simple and beautiful.
The sunset was amazing from this perch, and I cuddled between these two adventurers, and realized that they were just like any other customer, with the advantage that they knew what they were doing out here.
The moment came when we were either going to start howling, to try to excite the local wolves, or head for the tents.
"I'm just going to put this out there," Isador said, "I've always liked sex in the morning, so if there's any question about where you should start your night, I think that Peter's tent might be your best bet."
He came over and gave me a kiss, but didn't give Peter as much as a peck.
"It's been a lovely day Loren, and you have been an excellent guide," and with that he headed back to the tents.
"Arr, Arr, Arooo!" Peter called to the wolves, or the sex goddess, in gratitude for his good luck.
I decided to start things out under the open sky. I was nearly naked anyway, so I leaned in and gave Peter a kiss. He did not hesitate, taking me in his arms and lightly licking my lips as we exchanged spit.
His one arm cradled me, while the other caressed my breast.
I pushed a hand down his shorts and felt a nice solid cock. Not a monster, but he was at least 5 inches, and that is a magic number for me. With 5 inches, the right angle would have my lover pounding into my G spot, in a way that a longer dick seldom does.
I pulled back, and worked on the button on his shorts. It actually took two hands for me to unhook, but the zipper went down easily, and his cock was soon in my hand. He was so stiff! I ran my hand over the shaft, feeling the veins on his dick.
He moaned.
I went down and plunged my head down onto his manhood, pressing my lips into him as I stretched the skin down the shaft to the base of his balls. Then back up until he came right out of my mouth so that I could lick around the crown and repeat the pump for two more deep strokes that only teased him.
Now I just start pumping up and down, until he moans and gives his release, trying not to make too much noise.
After my parents died, and I was still in college, I had two students that I slept with twice a week, for money. So I know my way around a good blow job. I didn't stop sucking until I was sure that my lover was finished.
I've been told that cutting a blow job short, has ended more relationships than cheating has ever ended. Don't quote me on that, but every guy that I tell that to agrees with me. Ladies and Gentlemen. Don't do it!
I didn't want Peter to get us both filthy by continuing with what I'm sure he wanted to do, so I quickly stood and pulled my lover toward the tents.
He did not resist.
The fire had been doused long ago, and the food was up a tree, so we enjoyed the perfect weather by having a gentle fuck, with Peter sucking on my tits, while I ground my pelvis into his cock.
He gave me a nice climax from this position. I loved the way he pinched my nibs hard with his lips and teeth.
I gave him a kiss, but my sleeping bag was in the other tent, so it looked like I was going to find out if the 'old dude' could wait until morning. I was used to more sex, with 2 guys in their twenties or 30's, so I was still ready for another go.
I gave Peter an intimate kiss goodnight, then told him that he was welcome to join me in the morning while Izzy was making breakfast, and he promised to see me then.
There was half a moon, and the air was chilly, but I left my shorts, and walked to the other tent naked.
I decided to take a leak before I went into the other tent, then I used a leaf to dab myself dry. Just then I realized that Isador was coming out of the tent. He probably needed to wiz himself, though we hadn't had anything extra to drink. Maybe he forgot to go before he got in the sack just over an hour ago.
He was only in his boxers, so I watched as he pulled out a very nice cock, and he put out enough of a stream that it must have been that he forgot to empty his bladder before turning in.
He stretched and scratched his belly so I cleared my throat, hoping not to startle him.
"Oh, hi Loren, I'm sorry you caught me peeing, but I didn't want to traipse all of the way to the kibo at night. I know it's what we teach, but I'm not 25 anymore, as you can see."
It was as if he just realized that his pecker was in his hand, cause he quickly pushed it back in his undies.
"Well, my roll is in your tent, so let's go to bed Izzy," I instructed my elder ward.
"You take my breath away young lady," Isador professed, then he preceded me into his tent.
He lay back down on his sleeping bag. He had a modern under pad with his bed roll. It only weighs a pound or two, and when rolled properly it doesn't take up much room, so it's a common luxury among backwoods campers.
I knelt alongside my friend and he could see my naked silhouette.
"Are you too tired to cuddle Izzy?" I whispered, and he scurried closer to the side of the tent, leaving me 8 inches of mattress if I pressed firmly against him. I took that as an invitation and I gently lowered myself into his personal space.
My face was only inches from his, and I could feel his cock stiffening in his boxers. I moved my hand to hold it through the fabric.
"Maybe you could help a girl out with a yearning that she has?" I whispered.
He didn't say a word. He leaned in for a kiss, then he surprised me with a little peck of his tongue against my lips. I opened my mouth just a little and let him explore inside. He danced with my tongue while I encouraged his cock to expand.
I brought my other hand to his undies and pulled them down, while squirming lower to have a look at him.
He had a bush, and it was no doubt silver, but the cock was proving to be one of the bigger ones that I had ever dealt with.
I used both hands to caress it to its full majesty of at least 8 inches, and a girth of close to 3!
"It doesn't seem to be as big as it was in my youth," Izzy murmured while I kissed the balls.
"Oh, it's plenty big baby," I whispered between kisses, then I licked up to the head and put the knob into my mouth, running my tongue around the crown.
"Oh God! I remember how nice those used to be," he whined and he might have been a little emotional, so that made me smile.
The cock was stretching my mouth, enough so that my smile would only be seen in my eyes, but it was there.
I decided that he should be rewarded, so I continued to lick and suck and caress his balls with my hands. Then I pushed down, but could only do a stroke of 2 inches with the head hitting the back of my throat, but it was too big to go any further.
I had to use my hands, but my saliva had lubed him up enough to make him very slippery.
It took only 5 minutes for him to start moaning so deeply that I knew that the end was near. My tongue had been moving slowly on the side, but now I moved so that I would be rubbing the more sensitive underside of his big dick.
"Oh God! I...I...I..., Oh God!" he called out loudly. He was past being discrete and I didn't care one bit.
"Uh! Uh! Uh!" he cried as he spurt into me like he hadn't cum in a long time. I rode it out and swallowed his cum as it spewed to the back of my throat. I felt like such a slut, but that just made me hornier. I crawled to his face and he leaned in to have a taste of me.
"If you lie down, I'll show you that oral sex has been around for thousands of years Loren," he boldly proposed.
I lay back on my own bedroll and spread my legs, propping each behind my shoulders so that I could watch my lover as he satisfied my needs.
This position makes it easy for a lover to reach my tits with their hands, while they give me pleasure.
He went right to work, isolating my clit with his fingers, then strumming it with the tip of his tongue. His hands found my nipples, so I leaned back and let him play me like a musical instrument.
"Yes, you do know what you're doing," I complimented the old guy.
I soon found myself thrashing in the best orgasm of the day.
"OH, Yes!" I shouted, then just groaned while the bliss flooded my body.
"Good job Professor," I exclaimed quietly, even though Peter would certainly have heard both of us as we climaxed.
Isador pulled me close to him while I uncurled my body and made myself comfortable.
I just shared his bed, and pulled my sleeping bag over top of me and drifted off to lala land. The feel of his hands on my tits was the last thing I remembered.
At some point Professor Phillips had to shift around me to go out for another pee, and it was chilly, so I moved into my own bag and fell asleep before he got back into his bed.
I could smell coffee, when I heard the zipper coming down on the tent.
"I'm glad you wanted some morning sex," I murmured as I unzipped my bag to let him in. Then I was surprised that it was Professor Phillips, and his exposed monster told me that he did in fact get morning wood.
"Peter is getting some bacon and eggs started, but I couldn't stop thinking about your beautiful young pussy," Isador brazenly exclaimed.
I moved one leg outside of my bag to give him what he wanted. He moved in close, staying on his knees so that he could use his hands to get his fat cock into my snatch.
I wrapped my legs around him as he pushed it in a few inches, then he pulled back and thrust it four inches in, then back and forth until he was buried inside me and smiling over my face.
"You are still young enough, it seems," I proclaimed with a smile, then kissed my senior lover. His eyes looked younger today.
I let him set the pace, and just relaxed while he suckled me and slapped his balls against my anus with every deep stroke.
I didn't take long to have my little squeal of joy, and he came soon after, with deep breaths and flaring nostrils, like a stallion. I caressed his face as he came down from his orgasm and pulled his wet tool from my pussy.
"I better take over, so poor Peter can have a go," the spry young professor moved fast for an old man, and I knew that I would soon have Peter in my arms, anxious for sloppy seconds.
"This is going to be the best trip of our young lives," Izzy said to Peter as he took the spatula from his co-worker. I didn't hear the reply, but it made them both chuckle, so I lay back, and thanked the sex Goddess for sending me two more excellent companions.
With three experienced campers, it didn't take long to get the camp down and we were soon enjoying the fast water of the Carson River.
We found the inflow of a tributary, where it cascaded into the main river, and we broke out the fishing gear. It was still early enough, and the churning water was a likely spot for Arctic Char or Brook Trout, but all we caught was a few small mouthed bass that we returned in hopes that they would be bigger for someone else.
The water was still dropping down to sea level, and scary rapids were ahead of us, so we put our fishing gear away, and continued to another short portage.
They were both warmed up, so the 200 meters was done in 15 minutes, and I only had to hurry back to get my canoe, while my charges took to the water. They would fish for a bit, so I was in no hurry.
I jogged back to my canoe, but stopped at the top of the hill to enjoy the view back across the valley. A scene like that just demanded that you pause and take it in.
When I finally caught up with my men, they were just sitting there, watching a cow moose and her two calves, as they enjoyed a snack of meadow grass. It was the joy of seeing the land, and animals, that made this journey so wonderful. It even turned me on a little, knowing how good these men are, and yet they trust me to lead them. They could have done this trip alone or together with no guide, but they like to give back to their students. That made me smile and remember how much they gave back to me last night and this morning. I wondered if they could keep it up for 7 days, but that was for the future. For now, I would just take one day at a time.
The current was slowly moving us past the grazing animals, and we eventually continued on.
The next long portage we again took our gear first, and planned on testing ourselves on some scary looking rapids. When we got to the take out point, we saw that we needed a safety person here, with a rope to save anyone that flipped or slipped. If they were caught in the current they would end up going over a dangerous section, without a canoe.
As the ranking Survival Instructor, Isador insisted on maintaining the throw rope, while Peter and I tried our luck.
We hurried back to our vessels, inflated our pfds and strapped our helmets on our heads.
It started out with me almost spilling on a simple section, where I forgot that I was so light, and I turned sideways for a moment, but my balance and my extended paddle saved me from the embarrassment of a dunking.
Peter shot past me as I struggled, and his passage through the class 2 section gave me all the information that I needed to find an easy, but fun line through the rocky gorge.
We didn't get a chance to cheer, as we had to back eddy to get to the other side, before we hit a standing wave and a rock shelf that would have flipped us for sure.
Suddenly we found ourselves at the exit point, and we both cheered for our achievement, as Isador stood there with the throw rope.
He dropped the line on the shore and hustled back for his own test, and I let Peter man the safety line while I found a better roost, to watch Isador as he found the lines.
I was just starting to wonder if he had slipped and he was forced to go to the shore to regroup, but he came shooting out from the first section of the gorge, with his arms in the air and cheering at the top of his lungs. I took some pictures for our Web Site. He sure looked young enough to me, as he cut the water furiously to get away from the dangerous rock shelf. He certainly had what it took to rank as an expert, at least at this level of whitewater.
The two of them were scouting out the next section when I got back to the canoes, so I hurried to catch up with them. They were squatting on a rock shelf and looking out over a class 3. They stood and turned to me as I got there.
"Neither of us think that we should do this one, but maybe you could do it?" Peter said, loud enough to be heard over the steady roar.
I felt a little skeptical, but maybe if there wasn't danger around the corner, I might try it empty. I do love a challenge.
I continued the investigation while they returned to get their gear.
Right around the corner, there was a white pine fallen across the river, leaving only a 3 foot gap at the far shore, and the water looked plenty deep enough, so I just had to check on the other side.
There was a swampy area another 200 meters down the shore, so this would be the spot to end this particular challenge. I passed my crew at the point where the pine tree nearly blocked the pass.
"You won't be able to get in here, with the current so swift you will not be able to get to the far end of the tree before you get swept under it. They nodded and carried their loads the short distance to the egress point, while I hurried to the other side of the hazard, with an eye to running a high line, and making my escape from the sweeper a lot easier.
By the time I got to my gear, Izzy and Peter had returned so that they could take my gear for me, and watch some of my passage.
I hit the water hard to get in the best position, then I popped into the fast flow, and did a roller coaster ride dropping lower than I wanted to, to skirt a rock that I hadn't seen from shore. The low line was going to make my move to the far side of the river, very challenging, but I hit the water like a savage, using my entire frame to jack my way like a lunatic, to the narrow ribbon of water at the far shore.
As I straightened out to pass the tree, I saw Izzy standing in the water with the throw line. Always cautious, and this time he had good reason for his concern.
"That was not smart," I acknowledged as I got to shore and Isador came jogging into the recovery area.
"Thanks for having my back Professor," I thanked my old teacher.
"I wouldn't give you a good grade for judgment, young lady, but your skill is amazing!" He lectured and encouraged me like a great educator.
We got to paddle for 30 minutes, before we came to an unrunnable section, with a small waterfall then a rock garden of level 3 and 4 rapids followed by Whispering Falls, a drop of 10 meters that could have been called bridal veil falls, but that name had been taken by a few hundred other waterfalls, and someone thought that they could hear whispering, so...
"A great spot for lunch," I suggested, pointing to the spot on the topographical map. "I suggest that we all double carry, due to the quick drop."
They didn't even nod, they just picked up their gear and left the canoes for another trip. If it was too vigorous, we could have lunch, and then get the canoes down.
We worked as a team, and took extra care, where a tumble might leave a pack or a leg broken. It took so long that we had to rest, just to start making lunch!
We didn't have to cook though, so Izzy set to purifying some water, while I got the trail mix out. Peter found some wild garlic and mushrooms to add to our dinner later.
"If there's a good spot to catch fish, I can bake it with wild onion, garlic and mushrooms," Peter suggested, as Izzy brought over some cold water that everyone craved.
We could have walked back while eating trail mix, but the falls looked great, with the noon sun sparkling off the higher section that had a hollow area behind the falling deluge.
The noise was not bad here, and I could imagine a whisper, as the wind came through the trees.
"I will fall asleep if we sit any longer," Isador exclaimed, and jumped to his feet to hit the trail back to his canoe. We didn't let him get very far, before we followed his lead.
I was hoping that we would put in enough travel each day, to have an off day and hike up to a fire tower that someone marked on an old map. So we had to keep going downriver. The weather was still holding and Peter took his shirt off, so Izzy and I followed suit. The next portage was quick, so I didn't put my shirt on even for that, staying ahead of the black flies and skeeters that only darker areas of the woods have in abundance at this time of year.
Peter gave my fanny a playful pat at one point. Something he can't do when he's teaching.
On a lazy section of the river we talked.
"Did you ever hear how Loren won the Sioux Forestry Marathon when she was invited as a senior in her High School?" Professor Phillips asked his fellow teacher.
He didn't wait for any prodding, but continued with his story.
"She had just turned 17, and she had to traverse the 28 km course with 16 portages and a cargo of 47 pounds." He paused for a deep breath, or to set the stage.
"Her main opponent among females was our Canoe and Kayak Instructor, Mrs. Henderson. She was only 35 and she was still in really good shape, and we all drooled over her." Izzy's reminiscing was making him smile.
"Anyway, she got to the finish line first, and she was so ecstatic about beating the new kid, and the other men, for that matter."
"Yeah, but didn't she withdraw, for some reason?" Peter had heard the story.
"Oh, I made sure of that," Izzy slyly replied.
I knew why she withdrew, but I never knew the rest of the story.
"I was in that same race. It was the last time I ran it," Isador explained.
"I was just behind Todd, our fastest student, when I found Sharron's double blade in the grass along the portage. She had no paddle with her, when she got to the water, and she had to use her spare, which everyone must bring as a part of the standard equipment. But no one ever uses their backup, because you are disqualified if you leave anything behind.
She was going to claim that trophy, but I showed up with her paddle, and it had her name right on it.
"So why did it go for two days before she conceded," I asked. I was always perplexed by that, and wondered if she was just being nice.
"Well, I gave her a day to admit it," Izzy said, but he was smiling like a fox.
"She seduced me, and gave me the best head I'd ever gotten," he admitted. "Man, was she ever pissed off when I told her that she still had to admit to her mistake."
We all laughed about Izzy's ill gotten blowjob. I remembered that she left the college during my first year.
"The next year I heard her telling Mr. Jenkins that she gave up that race to the pretty little girl from Watamaki. I stood right up and gave her a piece of my mind, and she was brought up before the Disciplinary Committee before the day was over," Professor Isador Phillips gave me the rest of the story.
We decided to put up only one tent on the second night. These two had been on trips together, so they were not shy around each other.
We wanted to catch some fish, and it was just the right time of day, so we went back out on the water and separated to find our dinner.
I heard Peter shout from the other side, and Izzy was closer, so he went to help with the net.
I hooked one myself, and it turned out to be a 4 pound Arctic Char.
We had enough with my fish alone, but Peter caught another one, and Izzy would be skunked.
Our Survival Specialist filleted the two small pickerel, and gutted the Arctic Char that Peter wanted to bake between two slabs of rock. He used some Bay powder, and the wild onions and garlic to make a thick coating inside, on the flesh of the big predator fish.
Peter found a thin slab to reflect the heat down onto the large fish.
I grilled the mushrooms and the pickerel, as a quick bite. The gourmet fish would have to cook for 30 minutes, and we were all famished.
Of course I was feeling bloated by the time Peter cut the body into 6 steaks, so we found a used plastic bag in our kitchen kit, to put 3 steaks away for lunch tomorrow.
The baked Arctic Char just flaked away from the spine, and Peter's coating had soaked into the flesh, as it dried in the oven. All of the gaminess was replaced with the taste of wild garlic.
The mosquitoes no longer bothered us at night, but I still had to have long pants and a fluffy shirt to fight off the chill. It was also great to have a nice fire, with Peter identifying the exact subspecies of maple tree that he had found.
"This is the Sugar Maple, that gives us our five fingered Maple Leaf which is proudly displayed on the jersey of every avid Hockey fan in Canada, and coincidentally, on our National flag."
Peter is an avid Toronto hockey fan, even though they had never been any good in my 22 years. My father loved their rivals, the Montreal Canadians, but I never took to the sport, either to watch or play.
"We should stay up and howl a bit," Izzy suggested. "I have a pint of brandy that my brother sent me from England, and I'd love to share it with you two. It's been sitting in my desk drawer at work, and I don't know what prompted me to bring it."
"Well, I'm an adult, so I'm getting my pipe and a little bit of Mary Jane, if you stodgy old guys don't mind," I added, and they both encouraged me to fetch it.
They had the ground sheet from the extra tent, so we put it down like a blanket, and they made a warm spot for me between them. I snuggled in between my two clients with my feet to the fire and took a swig from Isador's brandy flask. It was actually an earthen vessel, with a cork, so I wondered if it was as old as him. It was sweet though, so I enjoyed the warmth that it put in my belly, and the sweetness that I licked off of their lips as the evening progressed.
They enjoyed my pot too, reminding me that it wasn't invented five or even fifty years ago. As a matter of fact, Izzy said that his father had been prescribed cannabis in 1922, as a sleep potion. According to his father it made the women crazy with lust, so we laughed and groped a bit, and it could have evolved into a fire pit fuck, but we started howling just for fun, and the wolves answered back!
Peter picked his pants back up and laughed when we heard the returning echo of a pack of wild wolves.
Of course we tried too hard after that, or the wolves knew that we were laughing and they were offended, but it was still magic to our ears.
I filled the collapsible bucket, while they broke up the fire and kicked dirt into the mix. We had to get two more buckets, but we still had to check our perimeter and put away the ground sheet.
I got to the tent first, while my two companions took the time to empty their bladders.
I heard Peter laughing about something, then Izzy said, "heads or tails?" and they broke down laughing again. Shocking behavior for two old dudes, but I was still going to drain their cocks.
"Do you guys want to suck each other, while I watch?" I asked my wide eyed man friends.
They just stared at me. You could hear the crickets.
"I didn't see that in the brochure." Peter quipped, and we all started laughing again.
"One day I'm going to get a surprise when I say that," I ventured with a laugh.
"I bet that it will just turn you on when it happens," Izzy quietly suggested, and I knew that he was right again. I was a little disappointed when Art and Carl didn't do it, but that gave me more to love, and I'm a selfish bitch sometimes.
Our love making was different, with the men having to be respectful of each other, while optimizing my pleasure, but they worked as a team, and they had me quivering from the joy of life in no time. We made love for over an hour, then we each got into our own cocoon style sleeping bags, for a well earned sleep.
I heard Isador go out for his mandatory pee, but Peter was up before either of us again, making the coffee. The Prof looked so comfortable and he was making sweet breathing noises, so I left him in his dreams and went to help with breakfast.
Peter was mixing up some pancakes, so I checked my satellite device to confirm that bad weather would hit us by noon. We would not be on any big lakes today, so we would travel, rather than be cooped up in the tent all day. Even young men get tired of sex by day three, and can only make love for two or three hours, so we would have to play cards or word games. Not our favorite activity. We might as well be a little wet, on the outside. Then you don't care if you spill, being soaked already.
Our elder friend finally smelled the coffee and hurried to breakfast.
"Sorry Loren, but I'm not used to this much activity at night," he excused his oversleeping.
"I'm sure it's just the fresh air Izzy, my friend," Peter encouraged his old pal.
"By God, I'm glad I'm here!" Isador boasted and two loons took a turn down this quiet section of the river honking their annoyance over us being there.
The wind picked up as soon as we were on the water, but it was behind us from the south. A wind from the north would bring colder air and storms, so we were glad that we didn't need our windbreakers and hoodies.
I was soaked two hours and three portages later. The rain was not heavy, but it hadn't let up a bit.
We hovered under a great white pine that didn't let any rain through, absorbing half of what landed on it, and channeling the rest through its labyrinth of bark. I shed my thin plastic water slicker and stood with my tits hanging, while I rummaged for my fluffy shirt. We had to eat the fish for lunch. It would be more than a crime to us to waste half of that majestic fish, so we shifted enough rocks to make a good but temporary fire pit. We could also warm ourselves, while the fish steaks warmed up and stayed moist in a pot.
There was no risk to the forest, though less experienced campers are encouraged to make fires only where they have safely been made before, but it was a boggy soil and we put rocks over the moist earth, so there was no risk of a root smoldering.
I wish we had taken the time to make rice, because the Char was even better reheated, and so flavorful that it could have carried two cups of rice to make it a full meal. We were burning a lot of calories. Day and night! So we had some sweet almonds and dried banana slices. I was very happy with my sex life, and I didn't need them to lose any weight. They could use some cardio in their winter activities, but they were in better than average shape.
"So is it true that you have had physical relationships with every one of your clients this year, Miss Campbell?" My senior Professor inquired, but he didn't look like he was condemning me.
"Only the ones that I wanted to fuck Sir!" I truthfully answered back. "It is my right, I believe."
"What about the ones that are in relationships?" Izzy wondered, but didn't seem concerned either way.
"I am only responsible for my own commitments, sir, and that involves as much love as I can share." I decreed, as my motive in life.
"Oh boy. Miss Campbell, ...Loren, you are a marvelous example of a modern woman, and you are just what society needs." Peter interrupted with his opinion.
We enjoyed more spirited conversation involving the intrusion of tongues into and around our privates.
I had some deep orgasms with these men that were just learning what buttons that I like having pushed.
Men are so easy.
We only had one tarp, but we added the extra tent body as a wind block, and we ended the night with one of the dehydrated meals that cost a lot, but they are very very good. Two servings is marked for every pouch, but we ignore that up here, unless you're squeezing a dollar, then you can use one pouch and two cups of rice to feed two. We had set a good pace, but the foul weather would continue until midday next.
Our day had been drizzly so far, but the afternoon brought a return of the sun, and by 3 I had my heavy shirt off. I stayed with my bikini top without even thinking about it. Perhaps it was so the men would keep their shirts on, as it was in the low 70's. I was still their leader, and I had to keep their health needs in mind.
We all agreed that one tent was fine, so we stayed that way for the rest of the week. At one point I felt Izzy playing with my clit, while Peter was pounding in my pussy and I was sucking on Izzy's cock!
I think that these two were becoming better friends, though it didn't look like it would be a sexual one. Just a deeper respect, and a recognition of common ideals.
The forecast was clear for the remainder of our trip, which was no guarantee, but our day off was tomorrow, and it was going to be a warm bright day, so we designated it as a free day, and put up a nice camp for two nights.
I put them to bed, like a girlfriend should. They both deserved such treatment every night. And so did I!
We talked a lot more now. They think that I am wise, far beyond my age. It is thrilling to be accepted for what I can give, and if some of that is sexual, ... Well we make our own choices, if we're lucky and free!
We started our hike day with a brisk love making before breakfast.
Peter's coffee boiled over and he worked really hard to keep the coffee pot usable for the rest of our trip. We still didn't start out before 11. Peter carried our lunch and Isador carried our water, while I only had an emergency pack.
The leader in me went over the inventory as I walked.
I wondered how we would adjust the thin bedroll and emergency blanket to keep the three of us warm enough to survive a September night above the 49th parallel? The rope saw would cut fallen trees and the flint would ignite the flame that we would need to survive in an extreme emergency. Then I compartmentalized that plan, and enjoyed the two lookout points that we found, though they were not marked.
They were stunning vistas, and my clients took numerous pics and videos for their memories.
"I didn't find any nude videos of you from your many tours this season Loren," Peter asked, as we walked. "There were some tit shots, but who knows how many of them are fake?" Peter asked, not really expecting an answer.
"So I guess you are not really offering sex for money," Isador toned in.
"That's my thinking too," Peter agreed.
I thought about my answer for a few breaths, before I responded.
"I'm glad that you can find a way to satisfy your sensitivities," I offered.
I'm sure that he felt my disappointment in him, but he was not able to understand it yet.
"I am an adult woman, and I believe that everyone should be able to use their abilities to their best economic advantage. The use of my enthusiastic young body, to charge more from my clients, is the same as any man getting more for his strength or endurance or bravery or perseverance. It must be our right!" I was very adamant in my stand, but I only got a nod from the two of them.
"Well, I can afford your prices, and I've never been better served," Izzy admitted.
"True," Peter added.
We climbed to the fire tower, even though there was a sign that insisted that it was no longer being serviced.
We still couldn't see the coast, two days ahead of us, but we could see for 30 or 35 km. back through the river valley. It looked like smoke rising from a dozen spots, but we knew from experience that it was just the wind swirling in the sun beams.
We were extra careful coming back down the metal ladder, but it was still a solid structure.
The trail back down was even better, since it faced the river valley, and gave us more to look at, as we descended.
Something went crashing through the woods, but we didn't get to see it. Isador was confident that it was a black bear, but their fur was a lot like a moose, so he couldn't be sure. Neither was a risk to us, as even a full grown bear would have learned not to fuck with people.
Polar Bears are a different creature altogether, but they might not even be at the coast, with the ice so easy to reach, where they can catch seals, their number one source of food.
The two men decided to walk a trail to our last rapid and fish from the shore, so I got in some sunbathing on the granite pad by the river. I even pulled off my shorts to make it a full absorption of vitamin D.
At some point I dozed off. The gentle breeze through the trees, accompanied by the sound of the moving water, lulled me into a wonderful afternoon nap.
I woke up with a jerk as I heard someone clear their throat.
I expected to see one or both of my clients standing there, enjoying the view, but it was two native men, smiling broadly.
I did not cover up, like a normal Canadian woman would do. They had seen everything anyway, but I did stand up to greet my visitors properly.
"Do you need food?" I gave the standard greeting of the northern people.
"We could use some tobacco if you have any," the second man said, but English was not his first language, and he told his friend that my breast was spectacular.
"Nhiyawwin," I responded, and they were shocked that I thanked him in their language.
"I am not fluent, but my friend is Charlie Whitefeather, of the Cree Peoples, and he taught me a few phrases." I informed my new friends.
"I have some wacky tobacco if you indulge, but few of the young people here would say no to such a smoke. They have their own wacky things to smoke, so they understand the concept.
We were passing their own pipe around our, filled with my cannabis, when my two clients came tromping back to the camp.
"We had a few that were big enough, but we threw them back anyway," Peter was explaining, but he was surprised to find me, still naked, chatting with two rugged looking men in their 30's. One of them had a rifle, but they were so casual about their movements, that my crew was quickly at ease, and we invited our new friends to stay for dinner.
They were low on all supplies, and would have had fish only, so they took us up on the offer.
I was certain that Peter would want to show off his culinary skills, so he went with the one called Karakoo, to see what they could find in the food barrel.
The senior hunter was Bob, he said his native name, and it started with Bob, but even I couldn't wrap my tongue around it, so we called him Bob.
They had followed us down the river, and they knew the Simpson family too. They had wives and homes in the small village of Fort Beneteau.
"We went for a hunt, as soon as the Polar Bears went out on the ice. We have to stay near home for the summer, to keep our children safe," Bob entailed.
Isador and I both knew that the Indigenous People eat Polar Bear, so they don't really need to hunt when there are so many around the Bay in the summer.
"We do have a moose calf," he explained, "but it is already butchered and packed up for travel, so we are grateful for the meal," he thanked us.
Bob showed us their kayaks and their well wrapped meat.
We had to eat early, with the two visitors needing to cover another 10 kilometers before nightfall. It was light until 10 at this time of year, so they didn't have to hurry.
Karakoo went to his kayak and came back with a package of spices. We were surprised to see that his kit was made in Sweden! He had curry and tamarack and basil and cheyenne pepper to add to our re-hydrated bag of Beef Stroganoff, which I called 'stroking off' and they all laughed.
I got dressed for dinner, and no one said a thing about my display of flesh. The Native People mind their own business much better than we do, though they will laugh about you, when you are gone.
"Whitefeather has talked about his friend that ran the Provincial Park that covers some of our land," Karakoo mentioned as we ate. "He even talks about a little white girl that he claimed can travel the land and water with the skill of a Cougar."
"That would be Loren!" Peter announced proudly.
"She is no little girl now," Bob mused, and had another puff from his pipe.
I would never have smoked my weed before a paddle, but these two men excused themselves as soon as the meal was finished.
There was no fanfare, just a thank you, and into the water.
"I thought we were going to have to share you, or even lose you," Isador declared when they were well away.
"No, they are family men," I informed them. "They had a good look though, and they will describe me in intimate detail, when they get to their village."
"You looked pretty damn sexy on that rock slab," Peter replied. "They would have to be very disciplined men to not want a gem like you, Loren Campbell."
The sun was still up, so we went for a swim in the nude, and we were all laughing and splashing and diving off of the rocks.
The evening's lovemaking was slow and lazy, like our day had been. It was less chilly, so we slept on top of our bags, and I pulled Izzy over, when he came back from his 3:00 a.m. pee.
We were so quiet that Peter didn't even stir, but it was still nice, and I kept the old dude in my arms on my bedroll, and we both fell back asleep.
Izzy's snoring woke me again, but a glance at my sat phone confirmed that it was after 8, and the weather would be warm and dry.
Peter was just coming back from the river, with his toothbrush and shave kit. He was still naked, but he put his shorts on to start the fire. An ember on the cock is not funny, at least not to the one with the cock.
I borrowed his shave kit. He knew what I would use it for, but he accepted it like a friend.
I used his soap dish to make a lather, and I filled my right armpit to shave it with my left hand, then I reversed the process for the left pit.
The mound was more demanding, but I am flexible, so that was just a careful 8 or 10 strokes.
I rinsed my labia, and when I looked up, an otter was in the river giving me a close look.
"Does it smell like fish?" I asked my inquisitive friend. He dove, and I didn't see him come up, so I headed back to the camp.
"I better check that," the instructor in Peter needed to confirm that I had given myself a good shave.
I walked over and showed him my right armpit, but he just chuckled and poured me a cup of joe.
"You can have a better look after you make me some breakfast, slave!" I demanded.
"Yes master!" Peter replied, and he poured the thin pancake batter into the skillet. I could see blueberries in the batter. Peter had been busy indeed.
Izzy was slow again this morning, so we left him three cakes and four slices of bacon in a pot with a 5 pound rock on it, so the chipmunks couldn't get to it. Peter moved the coffee to the edge of the heat, to avoid the pot scrubbing.
"Blueberry pancakes," I announced as we pushed into the tent.
Isador stretched and scratched his hairy ball sack.
"I am very hungry too," Isador mused, "I'm not used to having sex with my late night trip to the loo," he announced and crawled out of the tent.
"You two can have a nap, while I eat and pack the kitchen." He called as he walked to his meal. We had added a half cup of his brandy to the syrup, so he would love the cakes.
We started a vigorous missionary fuck, with me being the damsel, and Peter banging into me with conviction. His ministry was effective and I made a little more noise than I had meant to.
He was very appreciative of my tits, and he soon found a good morning prayer to share.
"Oh God almighty!" He called out.
I kissed my red faced sex slave, and gave him another challenge.
"You can start taking down the tent, while I see if my other camp slave needs a hand," I ordered my servant, but I still put my things away and rolled by knapsack before giving him a smack on the behind and exiting the tent.
The tarp and tent were down, and the kitchen kit only had the coffee pot out, and the powdered milk and some sugar packets sat next to our three tin mugs.
"Smart move Sherlock," I praised my elder slave, and put a shake of powder in the cup before adding the hot coffee.
"Of course dear, I am a Survivalist after all, and coffee is a must," he proudly confessed.
I sat and enjoyed my coffee and the feel of the sun coming over the ridge. There were no Canada Geese or Swans at this time of year, but the valley still had a lot of life. You could even see a Lynx if you got very lucky.
"You have inspired me to ask Tristan out, Loren," Isador announced suddenly, like he had made a life decision with his breakfast.
"Who is Tristan, Isador?" I asked my pensive friend.
"Tristan is my Timmy Girl," he said, smiling and obviously visualizing her. "She works at the Tim Hortan's on the Great Northern and 3rd. line. I live up that way and I stop there everyday before school. I go in, and sometimes I chat with the retirees, and farmers, but I always talk to Tristan."
"She is 10 years younger than me, and her husband passed away 2 years ago. I was waiting until she turned 50, so it would seem more presentable, but you make me realize how silly it is to worry about age."
I kissed my good friend, but I did not linger.
"She might be too old for you kid," I suggested.
He kissed me back.
Two days to go, but the last day was planned to be a strenuous one. We didn't want to stay the night anywhere near the white bears. We had no guns, and those bears are not afraid of people. So the last day, we had to slog 35 kms., but it would be in a wide open river. With no portages and the current would be going with us, the only threat would be a strong wind. Even from behind you, it can cause waves on wide sections of the river delta.
Today we would be doing about 20 clicks, with 8 portages, but none too steep or long.
The notes and maps only showed one dangerous rapid, and the river was now wide enough that a tree would only go part way across, but that could still be a major problem, so we stayed on our toes, or in my case, stretched up on my knees, probing the water ahead.
"We won't be getting to look at an ass like that next year," Peter pondered.
"No, but Chad was going to do some adventure guiding," Isador answered, "we will have to go with him, if he stays away from one of those guide companies. We don't give them our money." he finished.
I had no idea who they were talking about, but I wasn't worried about losing their business. We already had 10 returning groups and 6 new routes were being planned.
"What I need is a way to get some Native People certified as Wilderness Guides, without having to spend two years at a college," I informed my two wise councilors. "They should be able to take a few safety courses, and a few business and psychology classes on-line, then they could get their certification in a one week backwoods test."
"Well, the concept is sound, but you would need support from the Ministry of Trades, and the Ministry of Natural Resources, and us Collegians, I suppose," Professor Isador confessed.
Izzy is on the board of trustees for Sioux Forestry College, so he understands the process.
"There is a popular consensus growing that we should help the Indiginous Peoples where we can," Peter prompted his friend.
"Okay, we will start looking into that, Loren. It is a good idea, and if it helps you, it will just be a bonus for Ontario," Isador agreed.
This would be my last night with this team. It was like saying goodbye to a long time lover. Seven days of intimacy can make for strong attachment, and I knew that some of my clients wanted multiple trips, even if they couldn't afford it. I kept everyone to just one trip per year.
"If I can bring in enough work for four guides, I will double up for safety," I informed my friends. "Plus, the ones that want two trips, can come out and get another pair to lead them."
I have plans, and they involve purchasing Tom's outfitting business at the end of next year. We have the details worked out, we just need the Guides.
Peter talked about opening a restaurant, and he had plenty of details worked out, so we bantered back and forth, until we heard the roar of the rapids, and we started to watch for the trail sign on the right.
The take out was marked with a red blaze on two tall trees. It could only be missed in the dark of night, but some people had died here, so it was well signed.
I surprised a bear at the bottom of a winding trail next to a noisy cascade of water. I was happy to have my canoe overhead, cause it makes me look extra big and scary. The bear hadn't smelled me, but he ran, screaming like a wounded dog, when he saw me and my canoe shaped head.
It was our one bear encounter on this trip, and no one got hurt.
They both enjoyed the stars with me that night. We were not in a hurry to get to bed. The brandy was long gone, but we still had my pot to smoke.
"Old Tom grows this, starting in a plastic-sided greenhouse in late March, then he takes it into October, having to cover it with plastic or hay for some cold nights. They go to Jamaica from December to March, and Tom says he doesn't want to change a thing when he retires, just more fishing," I informed my team.
The constellations were easily identified, but my profs knew more of them than I did. We saw numerous shooting stars, and s far off jet contrail. We were too tired to howl, so I stood to grab the bucket.
"I'll get that sweety," Peter offered, "You two can start without me."
I gave him a peck, and then Izzy squeezed in and gave him a peck too.
"Thanks kid, I won't tire her out too much," he said quietly, then he took my hand and walked me to the bedaure.
Isador and I faced each other on our sides as he pushed his cock into me. His length made it easy, but I pushed my hips into his to get a better rub on my clit. He held me tight as he thrust, and I met his push with my own grind into his pelvis.
He was looking for me to cum, and I never fake it. Well, there was this one time, in college, but everyone has a weird college sex story!
I kissed him and felt my nipples on his hairy chest. The orgasm was not heavy, but it was real, and it felt comfortable.
Isador was a gentleman, and a good lover. He enjoyed his release, kissing me in his passion.
Five minutes later, our breathing was back to normal, and Peter finally arrived. He didn't have to worry about me falling asleep before he got there, but he didn't know that, so he came in noisy.
"Everything is secure Madam," Is there anything that I can rub or lick or suck? I still have some energy, Mistress. What can I do to pleasure you?" he pleaded.
Izzy laughed from his bedroll.
Soon we were doing the bump and grind, with Peter squeezing my tits like he was 25 again. I lifted my legs high so that his short cock would bounce off my G spot in the most delightful way. No one was sleeping in our corner of the woods. Even Izzy was cheering us on, as Peter groaned hard while pumping his goo into my womb, or at least into the condom, just outside of my womb.
I rested in Peter's arms, realizing that age does have its limits. All of my other tours of duty had gone well into the night and even into the daylight on our 6th evening.
We didn't have sex in the morning either, and with the wind behind us, we had an easy paddle along the swollen Carson River. We had to wear our windbreakers and slickers from the cold water that the wind picked up and covered us from the back.
We still got to the takeout by dinner time, and the small outfitter that expected us, had pizza waiting to be oven cooked and cold beer on tap.
Cooper was there to pick me up, while my clients would fly to Sudbury in the morning, with a regular air route.
"Thanks for the trip of a lifetime, Loren," Professor Phillips said and he kissed me goodbye.
"I better be invited to the wedding, if it goes that far," I challenged my salty friend, but he just smiled.
"I will remind the old bird about getting that certification process changed," Peter reminded me. "You are a credit to our College young lady."
He kissed me, and I left them both, to take to the skies with my Thunder Bay pilot.
"Too bad we have clear skies," Cooper yelled over the engine noise before he added fuel and made conversation completely impossible. "It would have been nice to spend a night with you." He yelled.
I didn't offer him a blowjob during the flight. I just sat back and looked over my land with appreciation.
When we dropped down to Silver Lake, I had him cut the engine at the dock.
"Let's lash it down for the night fly boy. You will have to stay and service me!
I smiled, realizing that my first season was complete.