Christmas Griswald woke up alone in her bed. She couldn't remember the last time she slept so well. The prior night's adventure had worn her out, mentally and physically, and she loved every minute of it.
She had slept in her Fantasy Shop work clothes, as she was too exhausted to change. Luckily for her, the t-shirt she was wearing covered the frat boy phone numbers on her breast and the dried cum from Eric Knowles.
When she left the bedroom, she looked into the living room to see that Josh was still passed out on the couch. She sighed and shook her head.
Chris took her clothes off and looked in the mirror. Her reflection showed a new woman who was doing what she wanted when she wanted. Before last night, she lived a miserable life where she constantly worried about money and put her trust into people who would always let her down. Now, she was living life for herself and it felt great.
But what about Josh?
While she took a shower and washed the remains of last night off her body, she thought about their relationship. Deep down, Chris still loved Josh, but something had definitely changed. That feeling she had when they first got together wasn't there anymore. She didn't feel it in her heart the same way she had before.
Despite this revelation, Chris wasn't sure whether she should continue to give Josh a chance or break up with him. At least she didn't have to rely on him financially. She was now making her own money and could afford to pay all the bills on her own while still having money left over. That is, if she continued this new lifestyle of hers.
She wanted to go back to work at Sal's Pizza tonight, but she wasn't on the schedule. She wasn't even on the schedule for the Fantasy Shop either. Chris had the entire day off. She wondered what she would do with her free time. Nothing in her life brought her as much fun or confidence as her newfound love of exhibitionism. Exposing her young body thrilled her to no end. Having men insult and degrade her turned her on even more. She even got pleasure from Tyrell and Jonesy smacking her breasts as hard as they could. She was beginning to love her new life as a sex object.
This was never something she envisioned for herself. She had dreams of going to college; moving out of River City with Josh; getting a new home together; and maybe getting married. Those dreams seemed silly to her now. Why should she do any of those things when they weren't going to make her happy? She only wanted to do these things because she felt she had to. That's what everyone else was doing and she felt she needed to follow that path too.
Chris was walking down her own path now. She wasn't sure where it would lead her, but she was ready to take the risk. She had ignored her own wants and desires long enough.
Even though she was doing what she wanted right now, she still didn't want her family, or Josh, to find out about her "new life." She wondered how long she could keep it a secret though. Part of the thrill she got from exposing herself was that people saw her. Terry, Tyrell, Jonesy, the frat guys, and Rusty all took photos and recorded video of her naked last night. Who did they know? Where would those pictures and videos end up? To her, it seemed like an inevitability that she would be completely exposed to everyone she knew, but she was going to put that off as long as she could. She still didn't like dealing with confrontation.
Josh knew that Chris had the day off from both jobs, but he knew that she was likely still mad at him. Regardless, before he went to sleep, he decided he was going to ask her if she wanted to do something with him today. He hoped that this would break the tension between them and she wouldn't resent him anymore.
Hanging out with Josh was the last thing Chris wanted to do today. She wasn't sure what she wanted to do, but she definitely didn't want to do that. She couldn't believe that he had shucked all his responsibility in their relationship. He was putting the burden of keeping them fed and making sure they had a roof over their head on her. Anyone could see how unfair this situation was for Chris.
She went to the refrigerator to find something to eat. The sound she made opening the refrigerator door had woken Josh up.
"Hey babe," he said - still groggy.
Chris didn't say a word and continued looking for something to eat.
Josh knew she was giving him the silent treatment.
"Hey," he said nervously, "I was thinking, um, since you have the day off, maybe we could do something today? We can do anything you want."
"I can do anything I want with my own money?" she thought, "How gracious of you, Josh!"
Had she actually said what she was thinking, Josh would have been reduced to a pile of ash.
While reaching into the freezer for a small carton of ice cream, she saw that she had not done a very good job of washing off Tyrell's phone number from her hand.
Then she got an idea.
"Actually," she said, "I got called into work today at, uh, Sal's. So I'm going to be going there soon. One of his day time drivers called off."
Josh's heart sank, "Oh, okay. It's no problem. Maybe another time."
Chris felt bad lying to Josh, but she couldn't bring herself to having another argument with him and breaking him even more.
On her way to her car, she saw Zach coming up the stairs.
He smiled at her and she smiled back.
"Hey, I know you want to do our movie," he teased.
She had remembered Zach talking about the gangbang movie he was making in his apartment. As exciting as the possibility was, she felt that that was a bit too much for her.
"No way," she laughed, "I think you're hearing things."
"We'll see," he said, "We're going to shoot it Friday night. If you change your mind, let me know. Otherwise, we'll have to hire a prostitute and catch every disease known to mankind. So live with that on your conscience, prude."
Chris loved Zach's sense of humor, "I have to go. Money is calling."
Zach waved goodbye and Chris finished the trek to her car.
She knew that she had nowhere to go, so she decided to make some plans.
She pulled out the piece of paper in her glove compartment and texted Tyrell.
Chris: Hey, it's Chris. The girl from last night.
Chris anxiously awaited a reply. She didn't have the guts to call him. Maybe he was in the middle of something. She didn't want to bother him.
Tyrell: shit, girl, you're quick. What do you want?
Her pride was gone. She was desperate to do anything today that might involve taking her clothes off for him and Jonesy.
Chris: I thought maybe we could have some fun? I have the day off today.
Tyrell: You're hungry, ain't ya?
She was. She knew it and he knew it. Even though they had insulted her last night, Tyrell and Jonesy knew she enjoyed it. The look on her face told the whole story. And it's not every day that a girl asks if you want to smack her breasts.
Chris: I had a good time last night... I figured you did too...
Tyrell: It was aight. Lol
"Aight?" Chris stewed. Frustrated, she sat in her car and wondered if she was imagining things. Maybe they didn't like her. Maybe they actually thought she was unattractive. She had to fish for validation.
Chris: Just alright? I know you two don't like my body...
Her leg bounced up and down as she anxiously awaited Tyrell's response.
Tyrell: You know you got some ugly ass titties!! lol You cute, but you need to do something about them shits! For real!
To any normal girl, this would have been extremely insulting and hurtful. Tyrell's opinion of Chris was so low that he didn't consider her to be as attractive as most women. She wasn't ugly by any means. In fact, many thought that Chris was very cute, but her breasts ruined her to Tyrell. Instead of being offended, Chris loved it when men cut her down and made her feel ugly. She wasn't sure why she loved it, but she wasn't going to fight it.
After she tried on her new outfit yesterday and before she met Terry McEvers at the trailer park, she thought that her body would be a hit with all the guys she met. Chris had always been self conscious of her appearance, but something about that short period of time made her feel good about herself. Once Terry cut her down, she started to second guess herself.
Chris: I know!! :( I'm sorry you guys don't like my tits. I've never cared about being attractive until now... and I'm not doing a very good job of it. You, and other guys I met last night, all hate my saggy tits...
Tyrell: Girl, I'm tellin' ya...we hate them, because they ugly as hell... a bitch your age shouldn't have titties that hang that low. They big, but they sad lmao
All she wanted to do was hang out with Tyrell and Jonesy today. She didn't care if they degraded or humiliated her - which she was sure they would do. Chris felt like the guys enjoyed cutting her down. That was okay with her, because she enjoyed it too. She wanted to submit to them and take all the physical and emotional abuse they could dish out. This has become an unexpected kink for her and she wasn't about to give it up.
She needed an answer.
Chris: So... can I come over?? You two can do whatever you want to me. ;)
She was coming off very desperate and they both knew it.
Tyrell: I guess, bitch.
A big smile came across Chris' face.
Chris: Great! <3 I'll be there shortly! Ty!
Tyrell rolled his eyes and put his phone down. He had more important things to worry about today than Chris.
She arrived at Tyrell's place as quickly as she could. Chris knocked on the door and no one answered. There was a car in the driveway, so she assumed that someone was home and that the car belonged to Tyrell or Jonesy.
While she waited, an older man who looked extremely drunk, shuffled over to Tyrell's yard. Chris caught him out of the corner of her eye. She didn't want to make eye contact with him - hoping he would ignore her.
"Hey, white girl!" he shouted.
Chris sighed. She was going to have to communicate with him. What could he possibly want from her? Maybe he was some drunk cat caller or he was a homeless man who wanted money. She was a pretty 18-year old girl, so his interests could be more sinister.
She began to fidget and knocked again. No answer.
"Hey baby!" he shouted again.
She didn't want to risk angering him, so she turned around and acknowledged him.
"Hi,":she responded meekly.
"You here for Ty?" he asked.
"Yes?" she answered.
"All types of ladies come over here looking for him, but let me tell you something," he said, inching closer and closer to her.
At this point, he was three feet away from her and Chris could smell the alcohol on his breath.
"Let me tell you something, okay? Tyrell Peters ain't shit. Don't trust the motherfucker, you hear me? He'll hurt you. He hurts all the girls that come over here. Your white ass ain't special, okay?"
She was sure that this inebriated old man was just jealous of Tyrell's "game." He got more attention from women than this guy and he's angry about it.
"Hey, bitch! You listen to me when I'm talkin' to you," he barked.
Chris was startled and scared. She didn't know if this man was going to hurt her or not. Luckily for her, she didn't have to figure that out. Tyrell answered the door. Without saying a word, he nodded his head - a silent instruction for Chris to enter his home. He saved his words for the old drunk.
"Billy Jack! You come over here again and I'll put your drunk ass in the ground!" he snapped.
Tyrell slammed the door behind him and walked into the living room - passing Chris.
He seemed angry and this was throwing off Chris' energy. He was still a stranger to her, so she didn't know how to approach him when he was upset.
"A-Are you okay?" she asked meekly.
Tyrell stopped pacing and looked at Chris. She immediately regretted speaking up.
"Am I okay? Bitch, let me tell you something," she spat, inching closer to her. Every step he took toward her scared, and excited, her at the same time.
"Jonesy is supposed to shoot a music video here today and the bitch that was gonna be in it with him dipped! She ain't comin'! We got no bitch for this motherfucker! So this shit ain't gettin' done! On top of that shit, she was gonna suck our dicks and we were gonna fuck her. How fair is that shit?" he yelled.
Tyrell didn't care who heard him inside, or outside, his home. There were few people on this earth that he actually feared, but there were a lot of people who feared him.
Tamara Martin was supposed to be the "bitch" in Jonesy's music video, but she heard about Tyrell's reputation and decided not to come. Of course, that wasn't the reason she gave Tyrell over text. She had told him that she had the flu and couldn't make it. To her, it didn't matter if he believed it or not. The ends justify the means.
"It-it's not fair. She shouldn't have done that to you," Chris said softly.
"You goddamn right!" Tyrell said before slamming his right hand against the wall.
He hit the old wall so hard, his hand left a dent in it. Tyrell didn't care how the place looked though. This was a place for him to do whatever he wanted - away from the prying eyes of the law.
Jonesy walked through the front door. He was one of the few people that could walk into Tyrell's place and not incur his wrath.
He took one look at Chris and asked Tyrell, "The fuck she doin' here?"
"Don't worry about that shit. You got other shit to worry about. The bitch that was supposed to be in your video ain't comin'," Tyrell said.
Jonesy looked pissed off. He had shown up decked out in brand new clothes and jewelry. He was ready to shoot the video for his new single, "Bitch Juice."
While the two spoke, Chris awkwardly stood in the middle, off to the side of them. She wasn't sure what to do and didn't want to make anyone more angry.
"I was lookin' forward to gettin' my dick sucked and rammin' that pussy though," Jonesy lamented.
"Me too, dog... me too... ," Tyrell added.
Jonesy shook his head. Then he leered at Chris.
Even though she wanted their attention, the way Jonesy was looking at Chris was making her uncomfortable.
The pair already found her unattractive, but to make matters worse, she was dressed in her hideous old Sal's Pizza uniform - black pants and black polo shirt.
"Yo, dog, hear me out," he said to Tyrell, still looking at Chris.
"What if, uh-" Jonesy said, nodding his head toward her.
Tyrell knew exactly what he meant. He sighed, rolled his eyes, and nodded too.
"Bitch," Tyrell snapped.
Chris' eyes darted in Tyrell's direction.
"Y-Yes?" Chris answered.
"Take your fucking clothes off," Tyrell ordered.
Not wanting to anger him anymore, Chris swallowed and slowly began removing her clothes.
She kicked off her shoes and peeled her socks off. Standing barefoot on Tyrell's old, dirty carpet grossed her out, but she knew she had to do it.
Chris unbuttoned her jeans and slid them down her soft, pale legs - stepping out of them when they reached her ankles.
Jonesy and Tyrell started rubbing their cocks through their clothes as they watched her undress.
Her panties soon joined the pile. Bottomless, the boys got a great view of her unshaven pussy as she continued taking the rest of her clothes off.
The large living room window was wide open and the curtains rested at the ends. There was no attempt to hide her nudity from anyone who peered inside. This fact was not foreign to Chris. She knew the window wasn't covered. She had never exposed herself during the day time, but there had to be a first time for everything.
A few moments went by. Her shirt was off and Chris finished removing her bra. Tyrell and Jonesy laughed when they saw her breasts.
Scared, insecure, and aroused, Chris stood in front of both men completely nude.
"You know what's gonna happen now?" Tyrell asked in a harsh tone.
Chris shook her head nervously.
"You're gonna suck or our dicks and we gonna fuck you. That's what," Jonesy said, answering Tyrell's question.
Her eyes widened. She hadn't planned on doing anything sexual with anybody today. Chris, naively, thought that she would get exposed and insulted, but this hadn't crossed her mind. This was different than showing off her body to other men - or letting them cum on it. This was full blown cheating and she didn't want to do it. This was a turn in her sexual adventure that she wasn't expecting - nor did she welcome.
But she knew she didn't have a choice. She didn't want to risk what would happen to her if she refused.
Chris swallowed hard and inched closer to the men. She looked up at both of them. Her big eyes told Tyrell and Jonesy that she was scared out of her mind. Her head lowered and she dropped to her knees. Her enormous breasts touching her legs as she knelt before the men.
"You ever suck cock before, bitch?" Tyrell asked.
She slowly nodded her head.
"You probably ain't any good at it," Jonesy snapped.
"You in this situation because the other bitch dipped on us and you got a pussy," Tyrell said, "This ain't nothin' personal, but you need to know your place. Whenever you're here, if we want pussy, you're gonna give it to us. You understand what I'm tellin' you, bitch?"
Chris just stood there stunned. She couldn't believe what was about to happen. Tyrell's intent had sobered her up a little bit. She decided that things were getting too out of control for her.
She had made up her mind. As fast as she could, she grabbed her clothes and ran out the front door - stark naked.
Billy Jack saw the busty young girl running toward her car. Her enormous breasts bounced wildly as she frantically tried to get inside it.
Tyrell stood in the doorway and watched her drive off.
Chris drove through the neighborhood naked, trying to find a secluded spot to stop and get dressed. She drove through a seemingly endless series of streets full of broken buildings and businesses with bars on their windows. It was easy to ignore how bad these places were at night - especially when your hormones took over your rational thinking.
"Please, please, please," she muttered to herself, hoping that she would make it home safe.
At this point, she wanted to give up exhibitionism altogether and go back to the boring life that she had. It was fun while it lasted, but what happened at Tyrell's house proved that this was a dangerous adventure that she didn't want to go on.
She turned on a street that was more barren than the others. It was close to the highway and full of trees. It was the perfect place for her to stop and get dressed.
Her beat up old car turned off the road and parked in between the small forest that shielded her from the busy highway. She could hear the traffic buzzing by. It was almost deafening - she was that close. No one driving by had any idea that there was a nude girl in her car just below the interstate.
Chris collected herself and calmed down. She reached for her clothes when her phone buzzed. She picked it up - it was Tyrell.
Tyrell: Where the fuck you goin'? I thought you wanted to fool around??
She started to realize that she may have led him on. Chris felt bad for Tyrell and Jonesy. They were expecting sex from that other girl who flaked on them. She told Tyrell that she wanted to fool around and he got the wrong idea.
Chris: I'm sorry... I shouldn't have led you on... I just like exposing myself. That's all. I didn't want to have sex or anything.
Tyrell and Jonesy were angry that Chris had left. Any woman that's over at Tyrell's place knows what's expected out of them. Their bodies are to be used by Tyrell any way that he wants. His view of women was very outdated. He believed that women should cook, clean, suck, fuck, and make babies. They were to do as men tell them to. Tyrell's size, demeanour, and reputation allowed him to treat women like this and get away with it. No woman was going to tell him "no." No one was going to tell him that he couldn't fuck their girlfriend or wife. If one of his buddies brought over an attractive girl, everyone knew that Tyrell would get his turn.
This situation shocked Tyrell. Nothing like this had ever happened before. He didn't find Chris to be all that attractive, so he figured she would be an easy target and wouldn't play hard to get. He wasn't even sure she was playing right now. Tyrell thought that she may not be interested.
Tyrell: I read you wrong. You seemed like a bitch that was down to fuck...
This made her feel worse. Chris thought that she may have led him on, but this confirmed it. She had given him false hope that something would happen.
Chris: I'm so sorry! This has just gotten out of control. I don't know what's coming over me lately.
Tyrell wanted to pry to get more information out of her. He wanted her to come back to his place so he could fuck her. He was willing to give her some time to explain herself. Maybe he could find a way to talk her into doing that.
Tyrell: What do you mean?
Chris: My life is so boring. All I do is work two jobs so my boyfriend and I can keep our shitty apartment. I'm stressed out... and I've never really acted like a girl before. Like, I'm a girl, but I never really put makeup on or got manicures or brought dresses. My boss said I should show some skin at work to get more tips. I needed the money, so I tried it. I was desperate! And... I liked it. It was so much fun! But now I've learned that I've given guys the wrong idea about me. I think that this has all been great, but I should stop. I don't want to do this anymore.
Chris was engrossed in her text conversation with Tyrell and neglected to get dressed. She sat in her driver's seat; parked in a wooded area near the highway; completely naked in broad daylight.
Tyrell knew that there was something inside Chris that made her want to act this way. He knew he needed to pull that out of her.
Tyrell: I had you all wrong.
Chris: Who did you think I was??
Tyrell: A bitch that wanted to have some fun. Girls that look cute like you don't drive around River City flashing their shit to strangers... You seemed like the one bitch who fucked with that life - or wanted to. Shit, you said yourself, your life is boring. You wanted to have fun. So what's stoppin' you??
That was a good question. Tyrell had broken through her defenses. Chris agreed with what he was saying.
Chris: You're right... What's stopping me is... a lot of things. I've got a boyfriend. I love him a lot - even though he stresses me out. I don't have much of a reputation in this city, because nobody knows me, but I wouldn't want my parents to find out I'm doing anything like this. And I don't want to get hurt. Flashing my body is one thing, but having sex with people I don't know is too risky. If I don't know someone, they could hurt me. I don't know what they would do to me. I should just stop while I'm ahead. I'm sorry...And Tyrell thought she had a good point too. Chris was not a girl that he respected until now. His first interaction was paying to see her topless. He didn't even know her name before this morning. While he was beginning to respect her more, he still wanted to fuck her and was going to try everything he could to bring her back to his house.Tyrell: You know how you felt last night. You know what that did to you. You could feel even better than that, baby. You just have to let go. Your boyfriend doesn't sound like he's shit if you workin' two jobs to support his ass. If your parents cared about you, they wouldn't have let you move to River City. And fucking is fucking. It ain't a thing. We all do it to feel good and, if you were going around town flashing dudes, you must not be gettin' good dick at home. You got needs too. So you can live your life for other people or you can live it for yourself.Chris didn't respond yet. Tyrell's words really hit her. She sat in her car contemplating what he had said.Tyrell: You cute as hell. Your titties ain't shit, but you got a bangin' bod. You know where I kick it, so if you want to continue to do whatever the fuck you want with YOUR life, come over now. Don't run from your needs, baby.Tyrell's second message struck a chord in Chris too. She set her phone down in her passenger seat and thought about what she wanted to do. When she left Tyrell's house she had her mind made up. She wanted to go back home and get off this ride. She wanted to follow her routine again. Her escapades, the few she had, had gotten her into a dangerous situation where she would cheat on Josh and turn her whole life upside down. Where would this end? Would she be having sex with more people? Who would she become if she did that?Strangely, that idea wasn't repulsive to her anymore. Tyrell was right - she did have needs. Chris wanted sex and Josh wasn't up to the task. If he couldn't fulfill her needs, how would she satisfy herself? She thought that if Josh had been there for her, and didn't take advantage of her, she probably wouldn't be in this situation - but she is. All Josh had to do was be a grown man; carry half the burden of living; and fuck her good. But, he didn't do any of those things. If she went home right now, Josh would know that she lied about where she was going. He'd also still be wearing his pajamas and playing video games on the couch. What would they do together? Go see a movie? Watch TV together? Go shopping and spend her money? None of that interested her.Tyrell was pouring himself a drink in the kitchen."You think she comin' back?" Jonesy asked Tyrell from the living room.Tyrell took a sip and shook his head, "I don't know, J.""Well shit. How she gonna strip and then run outta here before takin' care of us? Selfish bitch," Jonesy spat.Tyrell didn't respond to that. He stayed in his thoughts while Jonesy paced around in the living room."Hey, I got an idea," Jonesy said, "We could call up Jameera. She'll give it up."Tyrell laughed, "That bitch is your cousin, homie. You ain't stickin' your dick in your family, dog.""Second cousin," Jonesy corrected, "and I already have.""You nasty," Tyrell laughed, "What's she look like now? She had two kids, right?""She aight," Jonesy answered, "She got a little tummy on her, but her tits look right. They ain't like that bitch's - goin' down past her belly button and shit. She suck a good dick too. Dion can vouch for her too.""Dion been in her too?" Tyrell asked."Dion - and Reddy too," Jonesy replied.Tyrell shook his head, "Yeah, she'll have to do. I need to get this nut like now."Eric Knowles had just finished microwaving a plate of combination flavor pizza rolls in a microwave that should have been cleaned long ago. He took his plate into the living room where he planned to watch television. He was dressed in a pair of old, worn out grey sweatpants and a white shirt with a large soda stain on the front.The true crime show he planned on watching was interrupted by the sound of a car pulling up to his house. Suspicious, Eric put his plate down and crept over to his window.It was the pizza girl.A thrill shot through Eric's body that quickly turned to embarrassment as he considered his current state of dress. A girl had come over to his place unsolicited and he was dressed like a bum. "Shit," he spat. He ran down the hall to his bedroom and frantically opened drawers and looked in piles of clothes for something nicer to wear.He heard the knock at the door and knew he needed to hurry.Christmas had thought about what Tyrell had texted her and she made up her mind - just not in the way he thought she would. Tyrell was used to getting any woman he wanted, but not this time. Not only did Chris run out on him, but she decided not to come over after Tyrell tried to change her mind. He had been rejected twice in an hour by a girl he thought was average at best. This didn't sit right with him and he would stew on this all day.Standing at Eric's doorstep, Chris asked herself, "What are you doing?' The answer to that was complicated. Common sense would have told her to go home, break up with Josh, and start her life over somewhere else. Her body was telling her to keep having fun and that's what brought her back to Eric's home. She had gone further with him than she had anyone else in her exhibitionist pizza delivery adventures. For some reason, she felt more comfortable around Eric than any of the other guys. Eric didn't seem manipulative or violent. She thought he would be a safe way for her to explore her newfound sexuality.Just when she thought that Eric might not be home, the front door swung open. Eric did his best to try to hide being flustered and nervous."H-Hey," he said, "It's, uh, good to see you. Why have you-""Can I come in?" Chris asked."Y-Yeah, of course," Eric answered, moving out of her way as she stepped inside.Chris noticed that his home was still in the same manner of disarray that it was the previous night. She had guessed that Eric wasn't used to having girls over - and she was right. While Tyrell's home was a mess as well, he scared her. Eric had the opposite effect on her."So, uh, why are you here?" Eric inquired."This is going to sound really stupid and you're going to think I'm the biggest idiot, or the biggest slut, ever," she said.Eric stood in silence awaiting Chris' story."Well, I had fun last night, you know? And I didn't want it to end. I had the day off from both my jobs and I wanted to have some more fun. I lied to my boyfriend and told him I had to work. Instead of actually going to my job, I drove to this black guy's house I delivered to last night," she gulped.He wasn't sure where this was going, but he desperately wanted to hear more."And, well, he made me feel really small and desperate," she added, "and maybe I was. I don't know. Anyway, he and his friend were going to share a girl that day, but she backed out. They told me that since I have a pussy that they were going to fuck me."Eric felt his cock stiffen in his sweatpants as he patiently absorbed every word she said."He-he told me to take my clothes off, so...I did," she said, "and I don't know...I just got a bad feeling about it. I didn't want to do it for some reason, so I grabbed my clothes and ran out of his house.""N-naked?" he asked.Chris laughed, "Yeah, I was. You should have seen me. I'm surprised my tits didn't hit me in the face."He laughed with her. This made her feel more comfortable with Eric."Anyway, yeah, I was naked, and I drove away from his house and parked near an overpass. He tried to talk me into coming back - telling me I needed to live my life and give into my desires or whatever.""And?" Eric asked."And I decided to come here," she answered.Eric's eyes widened and his cock strained against his sweatpants. In his frantic rush, Eric neglected to change his pants. The sweatpants remained on his body, but he changed into a cleaner shirt. It hadn't been washed, so he rubbed a dryer sheet all over the front to make it smell better."W-why did you come here?" he asked, trying to mask his nervousness.Chris thought about his question for a moment."I don't know why I'm here," she sighed.The moment was making both of them uncomfortable. It was a level of reality that neither were prepared to face - especially after what they did the night prior."Can we talk?" she asked."Uh, yeah, sure," Eric responded, forcing a smile.Eric looked over at his couch and dusted the crumbs off of it so Chris could sit down. She knew that Eric's "home" was disgusting, but it probably looked a lot like the other apartments where she lives.When she was seated, Eric took a spot on the couch - leaving a wide distance between the two. Eric was excited that Chris had arrived, but thought she wanted to fool around again, not dump all of her emotions on him. Either way, Eric had decided he was going to do the right thing and hear her out."My life is sort of out of control. Kind of. Like, all the teasing and showing off, even in some sketchy neighborhoods isn't the part that's out of control. It's...everything else," she admitted. "I work two jobs to keep a roof over my head and food on the table and my boyfriend can't be bothered to even get one job. How fair is that? I work and I work and I work, but where am I going though? What's the point? I'm just going to give up all my money to live in a shitty apartment with someone who's using me."Eric wasn't a very social person and preferred to be by himself. He wasn't sure how he should act or respond to what Chris was saying. All he could do was stay quiet and listen.Chris broke the brief moment of silence, "Is it bad that all I want to do is be a slut?" Her question made her laugh and eased some of the tension in the room. It even made Eric crack a smile."That sounded bad. I'm sorry," she said."It's okay," Eric replied."I just...I've never had this much fun before. Ever," she said.She looked over at Eric, "I'm Chris by the way. It's short for Christmas.""Oh, uh, I'm Eric," he replied."I know, silly. I've seen your receipts," she smiled.Chris closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She looked much less tense now."I honestly feel better now. Like I'm a new woman.""What do you mean?" Eric asked."Everything I'm about to say is going to sound really bad," she laughed.Eric looked at her as if he wanted her to keep talking. Chris felt more comfortable with him and decided to go ahead and let him know how she really felt."You know I've never owned a thong until yesterday? I always wore ugly, plain old panties. My bras were nothing sexy either, but when you've got tits as big as mine, it's kind of hard to find anything that's flattering anyway," she scoffed, "I've lived a very safe, plain, boring life until now. I was ready to do what I felt I 'should' do.""That's?" Eric inquired."Well, the plan was for me and Josh, my boyfriend, to work everyday and take classes at Loughborough Community College. We were going to get our degrees and get better jobs that we most likely wouldn't enjoy either. He was going to be an engineer and I was going to be a forensic scientist. We'd get married and have three kids," she sighed."None of that was my idea though. All of that was Josh's dream for us and I went along with it, because I love him - or at least, I did.""You don't love him anymore?" Eric asked."I do. I mean, not really. I don't know. I feel different now. I told you I work two jobs. Well, he was supposed to get one job, so I could quit the other. He had a job interview lined up and would have probably got hired. His uncle set him up with it and he didn't go to the fucking interview. I was so pissed. I felt so betrayed. We are supposed to be working toward this future, you know? And I'm the only one who's even trying to make it happen. And the worst part about it is I've been trying to build a future that I never really wanted to begin with! How sad is that?"Chris lowered her gaze - staring at her old tennis shoes and Eric's dirty carpet. Her emotions were like a rollercoaster. She went from being discontent to joyful and excited to guilty in a matter of minutes. Eric sensed her dread and felt like he should try to break her out of her funk."You're getting pretty good at this exhibitionist stuff though," he said, immediately regretting it. The words felt so forced and unnatural, but he didn't know what else to say. He didn't have a friendly relationship with Chris, much less a rapport. He called her names and came on her chest the night before. All pretense that they were close enough to make each other feel better with their words went right out the window.To his surprise, Chris smiled, "Thank you."She sniffled and did her best to look over at Eric."You wanna hear something crazy?"Eric nodded."Last night, after I left here and went home, our neighbor from down the hall asked me to be in a porno," she scoffed.He wasn't ready for that. Eric cleared his throat and that made Chris giggle."H-He did?""Yeah," she replied, "I told him I wasn't going to do it though."That wasn't the answer Eric wanted to hear. He was hoping she accepted the offer or, at least, considered it."I'm just ready to be who I want to be, you know? I struggled so long living a life I didn't want and now things are going to be different. I've learned my place and I just feel very liberated," she said."Your place?""Yeah," she nervously chuckled, "I'm a girl. I'm supposed to be submissive and...I kinda like it."Chris had opened up a lot to a man she barely knew already and she was about to unload some more truth on him."I just feel like I'm meant to please men," she said, "I've spent a lot of time thinking that having a career and respect were goals I wanted to achieve, but I don't think that way anymore. I don't want men to respect me anymore. I don't want to be equal to them. I want to be under them."That last sentence made her giggle, "Under them", she repeated, snorting while she laughed."I want to be less than a man. All I want to do is please them anyway I can.""So all of that last night wasn't just sex talk? You're serious?" he asked."It was just sex talk, but now it's real. The past few days have opened my eyes and I've seen who I want to become and all I want to do is be a slut," she said."You'd have to do a lot more than show your body and let guys cum on your tits, you know," Eric stated.Chris gulped, "I know. I feel like I'm ready for all that."She took a deep breath and stood up. Eric watched her and wasn't sure if she was going to leave or not.Chris grabbed the bottom of her old work shirt and quickly pulled it up and over her head. Her enormous, sagging breasts sprang free and fell into place just below her belly button. She kicked off her shoes and unzipped her pants. The ugly work pants she hated so much were peeled off. Eric was delighted to see that Chris hadn't bothered to put her bra or panties back on after escaping Terrell and Jonesy.Without saying a word, Chris grabbed her clothes and walked toward the door. All Eric could do was sit back and watch, confused, as the rest of this played out.She opened the door and threw her shirt, pants, and shoes outside. Standing in Eric's filthy home, with daylight coming through his living room window, completely nude sent a chill of excitement through her body."Sluts don't need clothes, do they?" she stated.Eric wanted to be macho at that moment. Chris seemed to have transformed from a shy, awkward tomboy to a cheap slut right before his eyes - and he wanted to be someone different too. He tried to channel the confidence he had last night and he threw a hail mary."No, they don't, you fucking slut," he barked.Instead of being offended, Chris smiled. The word would have stung most women, but Chris wasn't like most women. The term seemed to bring her delight and that was making Eric more aroused.He could feel his confidence building by the second. Her submissiveness was empowering Eric and making him feel powerful."Lay on the couch, bitch," he ordered.Chris slowly walked toward the couch. Her hips swaying with each step. When she passed Eric, he could see a profile of her gigantic breasts hanging low off her chest.She sat down on the couch, then laid back and made herself comfortable. Chris decided to be bold and left her legs open - giving Eric an unobstructed view of her hairy pussy."Do you like what you see?" she cooed.Eric's sweatpants and boxers disappeared from his body. He put Chris' legs over his shoulders and pressed his hard cock against her pussy."Oh my god," she told herself, "It's really going to happen. I'm going to really cheat on Josh. I'm about to be fucked by another man." She wasn't resisting. Instead, her heart beat faster and each breath more labored than the last. Eric wasn't the most attractive man she knew, not even by a long shot, but he was a man nonetheless and she wanted to submit to him completely. She wanted to give her new life as a slut an honest try.
And Tyrell thought she had a good point too. Chris was not a girl that he respected until now. His first interaction was paying to see her topless. He didn't even know her name before this morning. While he was beginning to respect her more, he still wanted to fuck her and was going to try everything he could to bring her back to his house.
Tyrell: You know how you felt last night. You know what that did to you. You could feel even better than that, baby. You just have to let go. Your boyfriend doesn't sound like he's shit if you workin' two jobs to support his ass. If your parents cared about you, they wouldn't have let you move to River City. And fucking is fucking. It ain't a thing. We all do it to feel good and, if you were going around town flashing dudes, you must not be gettin' good dick at home. You got needs too. So you can live your life for other people or you can live it for yourself.
Chris didn't respond yet. Tyrell's words really hit her. She sat in her car contemplating what he had said.
Tyrell: You cute as hell. Your titties ain't shit, but you got a bangin' bod. You know where I kick it, so if you want to continue to do whatever the fuck you want with YOUR life, come over now. Don't run from your needs, baby.
Tyrell's second message struck a chord in Chris too. She set her phone down in her passenger seat and thought about what she wanted to do. When she left Tyrell's house she had her mind made up. She wanted to go back home and get off this ride. She wanted to follow her routine again. Her escapades, the few she had, had gotten her into a dangerous situation where she would cheat on Josh and turn her whole life upside down. Where would this end? Would she be having sex with more people? Who would she become if she did that?
Strangely, that idea wasn't repulsive to her anymore. Tyrell was right - she did have needs. Chris wanted sex and Josh wasn't up to the task. If he couldn't fulfill her needs, how would she satisfy herself? She thought that if Josh had been there for her, and didn't take advantage of her, she probably wouldn't be in this situation - but she is. All Josh had to do was be a grown man; carry half the burden of living; and fuck her good. But, he didn't do any of those things. If she went home right now, Josh would know that she lied about where she was going. He'd also still be wearing his pajamas and playing video games on the couch. What would they do together? Go see a movie? Watch TV together? Go shopping and spend her money? None of that interested her.
Tyrell was pouring himself a drink in the kitchen.
"You think she comin' back?" Jonesy asked Tyrell from the living room.
Tyrell took a sip and shook his head, "I don't know, J."
"Well shit. How she gonna strip and then run outta here before takin' care of us? Selfish bitch," Jonesy spat.
Tyrell didn't respond to that. He stayed in his thoughts while Jonesy paced around in the living room.
"Hey, I got an idea," Jonesy said, "We could call up Jameera. She'll give it up."
Tyrell laughed, "That bitch is your cousin, homie. You ain't stickin' your dick in your family, dog."
"Second cousin," Jonesy corrected, "and I already have."
"You nasty," Tyrell laughed, "What's she look like now? She had two kids, right?"
"She aight," Jonesy answered, "She got a little tummy on her, but her tits look right. They ain't like that bitch's - goin' down past her belly button and shit. She suck a good dick too. Dion can vouch for her too."
"Dion been in her too?" Tyrell asked.
"Dion - and Reddy too," Jonesy replied.
Tyrell shook his head, "Yeah, she'll have to do. I need to get this nut like now."
Eric Knowles had just finished microwaving a plate of combination flavor pizza rolls in a microwave that should have been cleaned long ago. He took his plate into the living room where he planned to watch television. He was dressed in a pair of old, worn out grey sweatpants and a white shirt with a large soda stain on the front.
The true crime show he planned on watching was interrupted by the sound of a car pulling up to his house. Suspicious, Eric put his plate down and crept over to his window.
It was the pizza girl.
A thrill shot through Eric's body that quickly turned to embarrassment as he considered his current state of dress. A girl had come over to his place unsolicited and he was dressed like a bum. "Shit," he spat. He ran down the hall to his bedroom and frantically opened drawers and looked in piles of clothes for something nicer to wear.
He heard the knock at the door and knew he needed to hurry.
Christmas had thought about what Tyrell had texted her and she made up her mind - just not in the way he thought she would. Tyrell was used to getting any woman he wanted, but not this time. Not only did Chris run out on him, but she decided not to come over after Tyrell tried to change her mind. He had been rejected twice in an hour by a girl he thought was average at best. This didn't sit right with him and he would stew on this all day.
Standing at Eric's doorstep, Chris asked herself, "What are you doing?' The answer to that was complicated. Common sense would have told her to go home, break up with Josh, and start her life over somewhere else. Her body was telling her to keep having fun and that's what brought her back to Eric's home. She had gone further with him than she had anyone else in her exhibitionist pizza delivery adventures. For some reason, she felt more comfortable around Eric than any of the other guys. Eric didn't seem manipulative or violent. She thought he would be a safe way for her to explore her newfound sexuality.
Just when she thought that Eric might not be home, the front door swung open. Eric did his best to try to hide being flustered and nervous.
"H-Hey," he said, "It's, uh, good to see you. Why have you-"
"Can I come in?" Chris asked.
"Y-Yeah, of course," Eric answered, moving out of her way as she stepped inside.
Chris noticed that his home was still in the same manner of disarray that it was the previous night. She had guessed that Eric wasn't used to having girls over - and she was right. While Tyrell's home was a mess as well, he scared her. Eric had the opposite effect on her.
"So, uh, why are you here?" Eric inquired.
"This is going to sound really stupid and you're going to think I'm the biggest idiot, or the biggest slut, ever," she said.
Eric stood in silence awaiting Chris' story.
"Well, I had fun last night, you know? And I didn't want it to end. I had the day off from both my jobs and I wanted to have some more fun. I lied to my boyfriend and told him I had to work. Instead of actually going to my job, I drove to this black guy's house I delivered to last night," she gulped.
He wasn't sure where this was going, but he desperately wanted to hear more.
"And, well, he made me feel really small and desperate," she added, "and maybe I was. I don't know. Anyway, he and his friend were going to share a girl that day, but she backed out. They told me that since I have a pussy that they were going to fuck me."
Eric felt his cock stiffen in his sweatpants as he patiently absorbed every word she said.
"He-he told me to take my clothes off, so...I did," she said, "and I don't know...I just got a bad feeling about it. I didn't want to do it for some reason, so I grabbed my clothes and ran out of his house."
"N-naked?" he asked.
Chris laughed, "Yeah, I was. You should have seen me. I'm surprised my tits didn't hit me in the face."
He laughed with her. This made her feel more comfortable with Eric.
"Anyway, yeah, I was naked, and I drove away from his house and parked near an overpass. He tried to talk me into coming back - telling me I needed to live my life and give into my desires or whatever."
"And?" Eric asked.
"And I decided to come here," she answered.
Eric's eyes widened and his cock strained against his sweatpants. In his frantic rush, Eric neglected to change his pants. The sweatpants remained on his body, but he changed into a cleaner shirt. It hadn't been washed, so he rubbed a dryer sheet all over the front to make it smell better.
"W-why did you come here?" he asked, trying to mask his nervousness.
Chris thought about his question for a moment.
"I don't know why I'm here," she sighed.
The moment was making both of them uncomfortable. It was a level of reality that neither were prepared to face - especially after what they did the night prior.
"Can we talk?" she asked.
"Uh, yeah, sure," Eric responded, forcing a smile.
Eric looked over at his couch and dusted the crumbs off of it so Chris could sit down. She knew that Eric's "home" was disgusting, but it probably looked a lot like the other apartments where she lives.
When she was seated, Eric took a spot on the couch - leaving a wide distance between the two. Eric was excited that Chris had arrived, but thought she wanted to fool around again, not dump all of her emotions on him. Either way, Eric had decided he was going to do the right thing and hear her out.
"My life is sort of out of control. Kind of. Like, all the teasing and showing off, even in some sketchy neighborhoods isn't the part that's out of control. It's...everything else," she admitted. "I work two jobs to keep a roof over my head and food on the table and my boyfriend can't be bothered to even get one job. How fair is that? I work and I work and I work, but where am I going though? What's the point? I'm just going to give up all my money to live in a shitty apartment with someone who's using me."
Eric wasn't a very social person and preferred to be by himself. He wasn't sure how he should act or respond to what Chris was saying. All he could do was stay quiet and listen.
Chris broke the brief moment of silence, "Is it bad that all I want to do is be a slut?" Her question made her laugh and eased some of the tension in the room. It even made Eric crack a smile.
"That sounded bad. I'm sorry," she said.
"It's okay," Eric replied.
"I just...I've never had this much fun before. Ever," she said.
She looked over at Eric, "I'm Chris by the way. It's short for Christmas."
"Oh, uh, I'm Eric," he replied.
"I know, silly. I've seen your receipts," she smiled.
Chris closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She looked much less tense now.
"I honestly feel better now. Like I'm a new woman."
"What do you mean?" Eric asked.
"Everything I'm about to say is going to sound really bad," she laughed.
Eric looked at her as if he wanted her to keep talking. Chris felt more comfortable with him and decided to go ahead and let him know how she really felt.
"You know I've never owned a thong until yesterday? I always wore ugly, plain old panties. My bras were nothing sexy either, but when you've got tits as big as mine, it's kind of hard to find anything that's flattering anyway," she scoffed, "I've lived a very safe, plain, boring life until now. I was ready to do what I felt I 'should' do."
"That's?" Eric inquired.
"Well, the plan was for me and Josh, my boyfriend, to work everyday and take classes at Loughborough Community College. We were going to get our degrees and get better jobs that we most likely wouldn't enjoy either. He was going to be an engineer and I was going to be a forensic scientist. We'd get married and have three kids," she sighed.
"None of that was my idea though. All of that was Josh's dream for us and I went along with it, because I love him - or at least, I did."
"You don't love him anymore?" Eric asked.
"I do. I mean, not really. I don't know. I feel different now. I told you I work two jobs. Well, he was supposed to get one job, so I could quit the other. He had a job interview lined up and would have probably got hired. His uncle set him up with it and he didn't go to the fucking interview. I was so pissed. I felt so betrayed. We are supposed to be working toward this future, you know? And I'm the only one who's even trying to make it happen. And the worst part about it is I've been trying to build a future that I never really wanted to begin with! How sad is that?"
Chris lowered her gaze - staring at her old tennis shoes and Eric's dirty carpet. Her emotions were like a rollercoaster. She went from being discontent to joyful and excited to guilty in a matter of minutes. Eric sensed her dread and felt like he should try to break her out of her funk.
"You're getting pretty good at this exhibitionist stuff though," he said, immediately regretting it. The words felt so forced and unnatural, but he didn't know what else to say. He didn't have a friendly relationship with Chris, much less a rapport. He called her names and came on her chest the night before. All pretense that they were close enough to make each other feel better with their words went right out the window.
To his surprise, Chris smiled, "Thank you."
She sniffled and did her best to look over at Eric.
"You wanna hear something crazy?"
Eric nodded.
"Last night, after I left here and went home, our neighbor from down the hall asked me to be in a porno," she scoffed.
He wasn't ready for that. Eric cleared his throat and that made Chris giggle.
"H-He did?"
"Yeah," she replied, "I told him I wasn't going to do it though."
That wasn't the answer Eric wanted to hear. He was hoping she accepted the offer or, at least, considered it.
"I'm just ready to be who I want to be, you know? I struggled so long living a life I didn't want and now things are going to be different. I've learned my place and I just feel very liberated," she said.
"Your place?"
"Yeah," she nervously chuckled, "I'm a girl. I'm supposed to be submissive and...I kinda like it."
Chris had opened up a lot to a man she barely knew already and she was about to unload some more truth on him.
"I just feel like I'm meant to please men," she said, "I've spent a lot of time thinking that having a career and respect were goals I wanted to achieve, but I don't think that way anymore. I don't want men to respect me anymore. I don't want to be equal to them. I want to be under them."
That last sentence made her giggle, "Under them", she repeated, snorting while she laughed.
"I want to be less than a man. All I want to do is please them anyway I can."
"So all of that last night wasn't just sex talk? You're serious?" he asked.
"It was just sex talk, but now it's real. The past few days have opened my eyes and I've seen who I want to become and all I want to do is be a slut," she said.
"You'd have to do a lot more than show your body and let guys cum on your tits, you know," Eric stated.
Chris gulped, "I know. I feel like I'm ready for all that."
She took a deep breath and stood up. Eric watched her and wasn't sure if she was going to leave or not.
Chris grabbed the bottom of her old work shirt and quickly pulled it up and over her head. Her enormous, sagging breasts sprang free and fell into place just below her belly button. She kicked off her shoes and unzipped her pants. The ugly work pants she hated so much were peeled off. Eric was delighted to see that Chris hadn't bothered to put her bra or panties back on after escaping Terrell and Jonesy.
Without saying a word, Chris grabbed her clothes and walked toward the door. All Eric could do was sit back and watch, confused, as the rest of this played out.
She opened the door and threw her shirt, pants, and shoes outside. Standing in Eric's filthy home, with daylight coming through his living room window, completely nude sent a chill of excitement through her body.
"Sluts don't need clothes, do they?" she stated.
Eric wanted to be macho at that moment. Chris seemed to have transformed from a shy, awkward tomboy to a cheap slut right before his eyes - and he wanted to be someone different too. He tried to channel the confidence he had last night and he threw a hail mary.
"No, they don't, you fucking slut," he barked.
Instead of being offended, Chris smiled. The word would have stung most women, but Chris wasn't like most women. The term seemed to bring her delight and that was making Eric more aroused.
He could feel his confidence building by the second. Her submissiveness was empowering Eric and making him feel powerful.
"Lay on the couch, bitch," he ordered.
Chris slowly walked toward the couch. Her hips swaying with each step. When she passed Eric, he could see a profile of her gigantic breasts hanging low off her chest.
She sat down on the couch, then laid back and made herself comfortable. Chris decided to be bold and left her legs open - giving Eric an unobstructed view of her hairy pussy.
"Do you like what you see?" she cooed.
Eric's sweatpants and boxers disappeared from his body. He put Chris' legs over his shoulders and pressed his hard cock against her pussy.
"Oh my god," she told herself, "It's really going to happen. I'm going to really cheat on Josh. I'm about to be fucked by another man." She wasn't resisting. Instead, her heart beat faster and each breath more labored than the last. Eric wasn't the most attractive man she knew, not even by a long shot, but he was a man nonetheless and she wanted to submit to him completely. She wanted to give her new life as a slut an honest try.
"A-Are you going to fuck me, sir?" she asked, shyly.
"Goddamn right I am," he snapped, "This pussy is mine. Do you hear me? You fucking stupid bitch!"
Eric's entire demeanour had changed as well and it was turning her on too.
"Y-Yes, sir. My pussy belongs to you. Please fuck me. Show me what I'm worth," she cooed.
"You're worth nothing. You're just holes with a heartbeat, slut. I'm going to do whatever I want to you."
"Yes! Please. Please do whatever you want to my body," she begged. "I need to be shown what my place is. Show me what girls deserve."
Chris felt Eric's cock slip easily inside her sopping wet pussy. Her eyes widened. While Eric's cock was below average in size, only five inches erect, the reality that she was finally being fucked by another man thrilled her.
Eric pumped slowly into Chris. He looked down and saw her right breast pulled toward her chest, while her left hung off the couch. The size of her tits could not be overstated. They were the biggest that he had seen on a girl who wasn't overweight. In fact, they would have been an anomaly for most anyone who saw them in all their glory.
The sex wasn't mind blowing by any means, but Chris was still enjoying it. She had always had a poor relationship when it came to sex. None of her two sexual partners, especially Josh, ever made her feel like this. It was always lackluster and left her unsatisfied. This experience, however, was life changing for her. On the surface, she was having sex with a creep inside his dirty home in a bad neighborhood, but to her, this was the beginning of a new sexual awakening that she was looking forward to with all her heart. She wanted to give everything she had to her new lifestyle.
Chris grabbed her massive right tit and folded it, sticking the nipple near her mouth. Eric watched as her lips latched on and sucked it in. With no hands, Chris' pillowy breast was being held up with the suction of her lips. Moans could be heard from inside her mouth as Eric continued to plow away at her wet pussy.
"Yeah...keep sucking those disgusting tits, you slut," Eric spat.
His insults made her moan loader. She wanted more.
He was well aware of the effect his verbal abuse was having on her.
"Oh yes! I'm a cheating slut. My boyfriend is back at home and he has no idea that I've given my body to another man. I'm getting my pussy hammered by a guy I barely know! Ohhh yes! Turn me into the slut I was born to be!"
Eric pumped faster and faster - watching her massive breasts bounce wildly. He didn't have much experience with sex, despite being in his thirties, but none of the three other women he had been with had breasts that moved as easily as Chris'. They were all pretty firm and, while they bounced, they didn't move around a whole lot. Chris' gigantic breasts lacked the firm muscle tissue that most women have and jiggled violently when she ran or when she was being fucked.
When she was topless and standing straight, her massive tits would hang below her belly button - nipples pointing at the ground. Large areolas peaked out from the bottoms of her overly saggy breasts. They brought her a lot of shame and she wished she had breasts like other women - maybe even smaller. They made her insecure about her body, but now she was embracing her body. Instead of actually appreciating it, she found satisfaction and arousal in the disappointment others felt about her body. She craved insults and degradation. Compliments would be nice, but nothing felt quite as good as a sharp, painfully accurate insult from someone who hated her body.
She knew that Eric, and two of the frat boys from the other night, liked her naked body. Her drooping breasts didn't seem to bother them. Chris knew that Eric didn't mean any of the insults he hurled at her. It felt good when he cut her down, but it didn't make her as wet as when Terrell, Jonesy, and the guys at the trailer park made fun of her. They actually despised her body. Those guys had probably seen much better looking girls naked than Chris - and she knew it. She didn't want to change their minds about her nor did she want to run away from them. In fact, it was just the opposite. She wanted to be around men who were offended by her body.
Chris knew that this made her different from a lot of other girls. They might like being called names during sex sometimes, but they didn't want to be cut down in their daily lives like Chris did. No fantasy she had ever dreamed of aroused her as much as being degraded. This newfound sexual awakening was a long overdue reprieve from her dull, meaningless life.
Eric's pace began to slow down and Chris knew he was about to cum. Panting, she looked up at his hairy, slightly overweight pasty body and said, "P-Please cum on me." She had missed her birth control that morning and she knew she was taking a risk by having unprotected sex with Eric anyway, but she didn't want to make things worse.
The sensation of Eric pulling his cock out of Chris' pussy made her feel empty and disappointed. If she had it her way, she would have been fucked for much longer than five minutes.
He stood up off the couch and started pumping his cock. Chris didn't know where he wanted to cum, so she improvised. She got up and knelt in front of him - like she did the night before. Instead of having cum on her tits, Chris was craving something else.
"Cum on my face," she cooed, "Please!"
Chris' right hand feverishly rubbed her pussy as she looked up at him. Her big, beautiful brown eyes were an adorable sight for any man. She smiled as his pace quickened. Cum was never something she was all that into, but now she wanted nothing more than to be covered in it.
Eric began groaning loudly and Chris moved her face closer to the head of his cock. Spurt after spurt of warm white cum blasted Chris' face. Ropes landed on her forehead; down her cute little nose; covered her right eye and lips.
She closed her eyes and savored the moment. Her smile widened as Eric collapsed on the couch.
He opened his eyes to see his handiwork dripping from her lips down her chin. Chris' nipples touched her inner thighs. No matter how many times he saw her breasts, he still couldn't believe they were real - especially on someone who wasn't overweight.
Without opening her eyes, Chris spoke, "Can you get my phone?" Confused, Eric did as he was asked. He found her navy blue phone on the floor. She reached out with her right hand. Eric touched her hand with the phone and she grabbed.
Opening one eye, Chris brought up her camera app and held it in front of her. Eric couldn't believe what he was seeing. She was going to take a naked selfie with a thick load of cum all over her face.
Chris smiled brightly and took several photos from different angles before setting her phone down. She stood up and plopped herself down on Eric's dirty couch.
"T-Thank you," she panted.
Eric was dumbfounded, "You're thanking me? I should be thanking you. I've never had sex like that before. You're...one of a kind."
She was sure that this was how Eric truly felt about her. While his kind words warmed her heart, they didn't feel near as good as verbal abuse.
"Can you send me those photos?" Eric asked.
Several men had photos and videos of her nude body, but now she was about to give out pictures of her face covered in cum to a man she barely knew.
"Okay," she smiled, "Can you get me my phone again?"
Eric gave her phone back to her and she prepared a text message with all the photos attached to it.
"What's your number?"
He read off his phone number and she eagerly typed it into her phone.
Her finger hit the send icon and the photos were on their way to Eric's personal spank bank. He had a ton of porn on his phone, but Eric never had anything like this before.
"Thank you," he said quietly.
Eric gazed at Chris' reclining body. Her enormous tits fell off either side of her torso and her legs were wide open. Chris' chest continued to astound Eric. It aroused and repulsed him at the same time. She wasn't the type of woman he had fantasized about. Nothing about her body was conventionally attractive, but he was still turned on by her. Maybe it was the juxtaposition of her adorable face and the demeaning and degrading way she talked about herself that did it for him. He had been turned down by plenty of women, so having a girl objectify herself for his pleasure went a long way with him.
In his post orgasm bliss, he wondered how far she could take her sexual awakening. A feeling stirred inside of him that made him want to expose her and push her boundaries to their breaking point. Eric didn't care if he hurt her or ruined her reputation forever. All he could think about at that moment was his own sexual gratification and that would be satiated by exposing Christmas Griswald to as much depravity as he could.
"Are you going to do anything else with those photos?"
Chris was curious, "Like what?"
"I don't know. Like post them somewhere?"
She smirked, "You want to know something funny?" she asked, "I took my top off at a trailer park the other night and let some meth head guy suck on my tits. An angry customer talked me into doing it and he recorded a video of it. He said he was going to put it on FreeXXX.com."
Eric couldn't believe his luck. He thought that pushing Chris might not be as hard as he thought.
"So there's probably a video of my tits being sucked on some porn site already," she added.
He decided that it was time to see how far he could push her.
"You should post those photos of t-the cum on your face on that site," he said.
Chris turned to face him, "It was dark when that video was taken, so maybe people can't tell it was me, you know? If I posted these," she said waving her phone, "They'd be passed around on the internet and my life would be over. How would I explain to my jobs that there's pictures of my face covered in cum on the internet? Or even my parents?"
Eric thought about what she said for a moment. He didn't care about her reasoning. His desire to expose her was all he cared about. He was willing to say and do whatever he needed to to get her to continue her descent.
"Think about it," he began, "You want to expose yourself to men, right?"
She looked down at her massive hanging breasts, nipples dragging across her thighs, and slowly nodded.
"Okay, then. This is the ultimate way for you to do that. It's probably a lot safer too. You almost got raped today. Not very smart, if you ask me."
She nodded in agreement.
"You kind of deserved it."
Chris looked up in shock. She couldn't believe that Eric had said that. He couldn't believe it either, but now there was no turning back. Eric figured that if he was going to make this work, he was going to have to crank the guilt and degradation up as high as he could.
"You went over there to fool around and took your clothes off in front of them. You can't just show a guy your pussy and not give it to him. You're a girl, but you're not that stupid, right?"
She didn't answer.
"You gave it up to me, but if you hadn't, I would have taken it. I would have thrown you on that couch and fucked you anyway. You talk about wanting to 'know your place', but that's bullshit. You don't want to submit and know your place. You just want to play games."
This offended Chris. She completely disagreed with those statements.
"No! I do! I don't want to play games. I want to be what a girl is supposed to be," she replied.
"You do? You could have fooled me. If you really wanted to submit to men, you'd do whatever you could to satisfy them and I think you should post those pictures of that cute little face of yours that's still covered in my cum. Think of how many strange men all over the world will see you like the little slut you are and jerk off - wishing it was their loads on your face."
The more Eric pushed her and degraded her, the more turned on she was getting. The thought of being a stranger's jerk off material aroused her too. She had always been a little jealous of women who had the types of bodies that men fantasize about. Now she was in a position where she could be that image that men desired. All she had to do was post her facial photos.
Those photos were quite a step up from simple nude body shots that you send people. You could hide your identity in photos like that, but there would be no mistake about who people were looking at if they saw these. Nerdy, shy, Christmas Griswald with thick, white cum all over her cute freckled face.
Logic and reason would tell her that this was a bad idea and she shouldn't even consider doing it. Fortunately for Eric, and other men, Chris wasn't thinking with her head a lot lately. Her pussy was calling the shots and it was digging her deeper and deeper into a life she would have a hard time getting out of - if she wanted to.
"And let's be honest, a girl that looks as bad as you doesn't get a lot of opportunities like this," he spat.
His insult hurt, but aroused her nonetheless. She wanted him to stop bullying her, but wanted him to continue at the same time. There was a mental tug-of-war going on inside her. Her brain and heart wanted to pull Chris toward the light while her pussy wanted to drag her into a whole new world full of pleasure and depravity.
"Your tits are fucking disgusting. Look at them. How many girls, that aren't fat bitches, do you know, whose tits touch the inside of their thighs when they sit down?" he laughed, pointing at her.
Chris looked down and frowned. She picked up her enormous tits and sat back. Her arms kept her freakishly large breasts close to each other.
"You're not fat, so you shouldn't have tits like that. They're nasty," he barked, "And your thighs aren't exactly thin. All the hot girls on social media have a gap between their legs and, let's face it, you don't and never will have that. Your thighs are a little chubby."
She closed her legs and squished her thighs together - hiding them from Eric's mean gaze.
"And your pussy," he laughed, "What are you even doing with it? Shave it or trim. Seriously. You were going for the trashy landing strip, but you've got shorter hairs and stubble all around it. It's like you don't even care that you look like trash."
Chris looked like she was going to cry. No one, not even Terrell and Jonesy, had ever cut her down this much before.
"I mean, I'm no prize, but I'm not a girl. Looks are all you've got to offer," he added, "Your place in this world is to serve men and take dick anywhere we want to put it. You're not really good at doing the first thing, so your only option is to give your holes to any man that wants them."
Her self esteem was at all time low, but her arousal was at an all time high.
Finally, she spoke.
"Y-You're right," she sniffed, on the verge of tears, "I'm worthless...but I kind of want to be. I don't want to be anything. I'm so low right now and everything you said about me is right. I'm stupid and I've got a disgusting body. My boyfriend fucked me because he loved me. You didn't have to fuck me and you did."
Chris started sobbing.
"S-So thank you. Thank you for fucking me," she sobbed, "I'm a worthless piece of trash. I'm such a fucking coward too. I want this to be my new life, but it's terrifying! I'm scared to death of it!"
Her face was now red, full of tears and cum, as she poured her heart out on Eric's couch. He watched the pitiful sight unfold right in front of him.
Eric decided to change his tone.
"Hey, it's okay," he said, "The important thing is that you know what you are. You said it earlier. You thought you were someone else. You thought you were going to be an important career woman and be in a serious relationship the rest of your life, but now you know that all of that was bullshit. That's not who you are."
He moved closer to Chris. He didn't want to touch her face, as it still had fresh cum on it, so he put his hand on her right thigh. Eric felt that he had the confidence and the trust to touch her whenever he wanted now.
"You're a fucking slut," he told her, "A stupid fucking slut, but the sooner you realize that and embrace it, the better you're going to feel. Why torture yourself anymore with this?"
He felt that he was now brainwashing her. She absorbed every nasty thing Eric spat at her and gave him nothing but acknowledgement in return. The final battle between Chris' reasoning and her dark sexual desires seemed to be almost over.
Instead of answering him right away, she sobbed some more. Tears streamed down her face - landing on her massive chest. Her head hung down and all she could do was feel sorry for herself.
Eric was growing impatient and wanted results. He took his phone out and opened Chris' text message to him. Eight photos of her adorable face defiled with semen were now his to download.
"If you're not going to take the next step, I'm going to do it for you," he said.
Chris jerked her head up and stared at Eric, "W-What do you mean?"
"I'm going to post them for you. I've got a membership on that site. Hell, most guys probably do. Your stupid boyfriend probably has one too. You're too chicken shit to do it, so I might as well."
"No!" she cried.
Eric put his phone down and wiped the smile off his face.
"Don't do it! Seriously!"
Her words struck a chord with Eric. All the bravado he had had diminished. He wasn't as confident as he was minutes prior. Reality hit him in the face and he started to feel bad for pushing Chris so far.
"I-I'm so-" Eric replied, before being cut off.
"I'll do it," Chris said meekly.
Stunned, Eric sat in disbelief.
"I need to do this," she said, wiping the tears from her face, "I'll never live up to my full potential and be happy if I chicken out. That's all I've done for years and I'm tired of it. You were right about everything you said. I'm a stupid slut and I'm okay with that. That's what my place is in this world. The more I fight it, the more unhappy I'm going to be, so I need to make a change. Thank you for talking to me like that. I deserved it."
Chris chuckled nervously, "You could have smacked me in the face and I wouldn't have blamed you.
"Wait," Eric said, "I could have hit you?"
She was shy and was reluctant to admit it, "Well, yeah. I'm a girl and I'm a slut. You're a man. I was acting out, so I don't know, if you smacked me, I would have had it coming. I would have apologized and got my shit together," she laughed.
Holding her phone in front of her, she went to FreeXXX.com. Before she uploaded her photos, she searched "trailer park saggy tits sucked on" and hit the search button.
Chris' eyes widened.
There it was.
Her video.
"Oh my god," she said softly. She looked down, "43,091 views" she added.
Eric got closer to Chris to see her screen.
"62% liked it and 38% didn't," she laughed, "That's my tits for ya. If they weren't so ugly, they might have liked it more."
"Yeah, I mean, you're right, but you can't do anything about your ugly tits," Eric replied.
"I can't believe that many people saw my video. I wonder how many of them were people at the trailer park or even people who live in this city," she said in complete fascination.
"Who knows? But a lot of guys saw you get your tits sucked on by that loser," Eric laughed.
Chris couldn't help but laugh too. She was warming up to all of this - the degradation and the exposure.
She let out a deep breath and said, "I should hate this, but I don't. All those men saw my hideous titties and a lot of them hated the video because of them, but I'm just so turned on I can't think straight."
"Maybe there's some comments," Eric inquired.
Chris scrolled down, "Oh, there is."
Eric and Chris looked at the wall of comments left on the video.
Chris read them out loud.
Rgreyson81: fucking nasty!! Put them things away!
Captstabbin: what a fucking slut lol who is she? Can you post more of her?
Mavsfan0001: it's called a breast lift, look it up...
Garciajorge6: esta chica tiene un cuerpo repugnante y solo me la follara si fuera la ltima chica del mundo!
BigPete7: Meth heads are getting decent looking girls? Lmao since when? She looks too pure to be in a place like that. Post more!
Other comments seemed to echo these sentiments. They were full of insults, backhanded compliments, and comments about how cute and pretty she was.
Unbeknownst to Eric, and even Chris, her left hand was rubbing her wet, fucked pussy.
"I think I'm going to post those photos now," she smiled.