As the weeks passed, my relationship with Aunt Rae became fevered. I was, at 19, hard at a moment's notice, and Rae was insatiable. Rae loved having someone to pass her kinks and sexual obsessions on to, and someone who she knew would run any risk with her that she was prepared to take.
I got a text message from Rae one afternoon, telling me to come over, she was bored, working from home. She said she had spent the entire day on video calls and still had more to do, and challenged me to distract her from the tedium.
I had spent an exhausting day with Aunt Rae only two days previously, but I was, of course, racing over to her house the moment I got the message.
20 minutes later I walked into Rae's kitchen through the garden door. I could hear people talking, the voices from her meeting, and Rae making the occasional comment, but mostly restricting herself to vague noises of agreement. She was right, it all sounded very dull indeed.
Rae worked at her giant dining room table, sitting at the head in an upright, but very comfortable (as I knew from many meals sitting in one at this table), leather upholstered chair, and as I entered the room from the kitchen I saw her across the expanse of the highly-polished surface and we grinned at each other, Rae absently twisting hair around her fingers as she returned her gaze to the laptop screen in front of her, the back of which was facing me.
Immediately taking Rae up on her earlier challenge, I moved closer and perched on the table 3 or 4 feet away from her.
Rae was wearing her trademark tailored shirt -- light pink -- with fewer buttons open than usual, this, i assume, being her "professional" look, but still I could see all of her neck and predominant shoulder blades, a part of her I find very arousing as she has a habit of opening her mouth a little to allow a trickle of my come to run over her chin and throat to pool in the hollow at the very top of her cleavage.
Not taking my eyes off of Rae's face, I opened the button fly of my jeans, one button at a time, careful to be as overly dramatic as possible with each one -- a little "pop" sound every few seconds.
Rae, aware, glanced up at me as I pulled my already hard cock out of my jeans, leaving it exposed to the air and pointing at the ceiling as I leaned back on the table, my hands flat behind me.
My cock was throbbing, getting harder and bigger, and Rae was starting to spend longer gazing at it, tearing her eyes away to look at the screen every few seconds, still nodding and making "uh-huh" noises as required.
I just stayed where I was, watching Rae flush from her neck up as she tried to keep her full attention on the meeting, and failing utterly.
I stood and peeled my jeans and boxers off, removing my shirt too so that I was naked. Catching Rae's eye and smiling, I dropped to my knees and crawled under the table.
Rae hit mute.
"Danny, I need to be on this call.", her tone menacing.
"Hey", I said, "you're the one with the challenges, Rae."
She started to say more, but then I heard her unmute and start to answer a question, so I took advantage and shuffled forward toward Rae's legs, which were crossed and encased in tight black jeans. An actual challenge, then.
As I ran my hands up each of her outer thighs, Rae gave me a sharp kick, one bare foot tucked over the other, showing the complex, swirling lines of the delicate tattoos on each of them. She didn't have enough space for a proper swing and caused me no pain, but it surprised me and I jumped and banged my head on the underside of the table, hard. I heard Aunt Rae stifle a laugh.
I wedged my hands between Rae's thighs and tried to lever them apart, but she kicked again and tried to push me away with her knee. Not one to give up easily, I changed tack and grabbed her ankles, uncrossing them just long enough to get one elbow, then another, between her thighs and start to force them open, Rae trying to kick and keep them closed, but my naked upper body was smothering her efforts. All this time I was harder than ever, and Rae was ostensibly participating in a meeting.
I relaxed just for an instant to move my hands to the top button of her jeans, and she snapped her legs closed and crossed them again, making me start again from scratch.
This time I did the easiest part of the challenge first -- I reached up so that my hands must almost have been in camera view -- Rae quickly moved the laptop -- and popped her belt and top button open, dragging the zip of her jeans down as far as possible. When that didn't give me the access I so desperately wanted, I pulled her fly apart with all my strength, breaking the zip with a ripping noise.
Rae immediately dropped her hand under the table and tried to stop me, but I batted it away and when she persisted I held her wrist until she needed her hand back to type something in the meeting chat window. The hand never returned, and I assumed she'd ceded that piece of territory.
Inch by inch, my hands with a firm hold on the waistband of her jeans, I started to drag them down. I yanked at them every few seconds, pausing to breathe before doing it again, like some sort of 18th-century sailor pulling on a rope, all the while fighting to push Rae's legs apart each time she closed them. I'm not sure what the effect was like on her upper body, but I hope there were enough people in the meeting to render Rae's image so small that her 10-minute struggle with me wasn't noticeable, or her laboured breathing audible.
I was winning. I had dragged Rae's jeans halfway over her hips and they were stretched wide open. Her pink, lace panties had come down with the jeans and I could finally, and only just, touch her cunt with the tips of my fingers.
As I pushed my hand firmly between her legs, still having to contend with her struggles, I found what I knew I would. She was dripping wet.
I pushed hard, my wrist feeling like it might break as Rae's weight bore down on it. I could feel her wetness on the back of my hand and wrist, slick between my skin and the leather seat,
I had just managed to get my index finger inside her slick cunt, to the first knuckle, when, suddenly, Rae capitulated. She relaxed and let me push my finger fully into her, quickly adding another two as I found how open and yielding she was.
Helping now, and frantic, Rae raised her ass from the seat a little so that I could easily pull her jeans and soaked panties all the way down and off, and then she let her thighs fall open until they were supported by the arms of the chair.
Smelling her cunt -- that incredible musk -- as I got closer, I pulled my slick fingers out of her and replaced them with my tongue, moving my wet hand to rest on her thigh.
I licked her, fast, from the base of her cunt, tasting leather and warm come from the seat beneath her, all the way to her clit and back again, stopping every few seconds to push inside her.
Rae was doing an amazing job of keeping it together, but I could feel her start to tremble, a sign, I knew, of her orgasm approaching. when she trembles It hits her whole body and she can't control it, its severity changing with the strength of her orgasm.
I moved my thumb to her clit and doubled the speed of my tongue -- staying inside her now, just fucking her with it.
Rae was nearly there, I could feel it, but she was fighting it. Sometimes she did this because it heightened the eventual orgasm, but I knew that this time she was just trying to stay in control to deny me.
I know how to push her over the edge, so I stroked my cock with my left hand for a minute or two -- that's genuinely all it took -- and came over her calves and thighs, trying to direct the hot stream as high as possible, a little hitting the underside of the table above me and falling into Rae's lap.
Rae's orgasm as she felt my come hit her skin was immense. I heard the laptop lid slam shut as she cried, "Oh my fucking God!', and rammed her cunt into my face, pushing her chair back and pulling me to her with both hands on the back of my head, squirting for seconds into my open mouth. I had to stop and pull my mouth away for a moment to swallow.
Standing, her chair falling to the floor behind her, Rae grabbed my hands and pulled me from under the table. Locking her arms round my neck we kissed, pushing our tongues into one another's mouths, hands all over each other. Rae kicked the expensive chair behind her further out of the way, ignoring the crash as it collided with a giant plant pot, knocking it against the wall and smashing it to pieces, throwing compost and greenery onto the carpet.
Still locked together, I turned her so that her back was to the table and hoisted her up by her waist, laying her on the highly polished wood and falling on top of her, between her splayed thighs. The laptop flew over the shiny surface and crashed to the floor as Rae threw her head back, neck and back arched, and held me as I pushed my cock into her soaked, open cunt.
She kept telling me to fuck her harder, harder, and I was grunting and thrusting like an animal, Sweat dripping from my chest to fall onto Rae's bare skin. I had ripped her shirt open, buttons flying off, never to be seen again, and torn her whispy lace bra in the middle so that I could get my mouth over her hard nipples.
When Rae came I felt her cunt squeeze my cock hard, and her come ran warm over my cock and balls to trickle to the table below her raised hips. She moaned, then screamed, then moaned again as her cunt pulsed.
I was still hard and as soon as her cunt relaxed I began to move again, slowly at first, building my rhythm as Rae came back to life and it became less like fucking a corpse. She locked her ankles behind my back and held me close, whispering in my ear as I stroked harder and faster, 'Come in me Danny, use me to come. Come in my cunt. This is all about you Danny, come in me, use me, Danny.."
Rae never stopped whispering as I fucked her harder and harder, my breathing out of control and ragged, my chest heaving, sweat running down my back, Rae pulling me tighter to her and lifting off the table with me, her legs locked around me forcing me deeper and deeper, moving her hips with me until, finally, I came.
I seemed to pump into her for ever. Nothing else existed or mattered as my balls jumped and contracted and I sent load after load deep into Rae's cunt.
As I came, Rae carried on whispering to me, "That's it, Danny, let me have your come, let it go. I want it in me."
Finally, after lying between her legs for many minutes, sweat drying on my cooling back and Rae stroking my hair as my breathing returned to normal, I pulled my finally limp cock out of her cunt, followed by a long stream of our combined come which pooled on the table between her legs. I stood and helped Rae to her feet.
Laughing, we surveyed the damage to the laptop, plant pot, chairs, and table. "I'll say it was a burglary."
Later, we sat together in the garden enjoying the warmth of the evening sun.
"Rae -- with this cuckold thing, would Bob mind about us if he knew?', I asked.
"Holy fuck, yes, he must never, ever know about this, he'd go crazy - you're his actual blood Danny, not like you and I. He'd lose it, seriously.."
Chastised, I fell into silent contemplation.
"What about Sally?", she asked, "how would you feel if she discovered us fucking?"
I was hard again instantly. I had fantasised a little about my girlfriend walking in on Rae and me, doing things Sally wouldn't, right in front of her.
"I would shoot my load immediately, of that I have no doubt, but it would be the last time I saw Sally."
Rae chuckled. "OK, that means we'll just have to engineer a close encounter with your Sally, just not too close. Makes me wet to think of it. I have some ideas. your call, Danny boy."
I could not conceal my physical excitement at the idea, which Rae noticed, glancing at my tented jeans.
"Let's do it."