Author's note: You'll need to read Chapters 6 and 7 for this to really make sense.
The wake up call came entirely too early the next morning. Jenny listened to a few seconds of the automated message before hanging up the phone.
"Fuck me," she moaned as she rubbed her eyes and yawned. "C'mon, you two. Time to get up. C'mon, let's go."
Katherine and I were still squeezed together in a lover's embrace. Katherine opened her eyes to slits and rubbed her head. "Oh my God! My head is pounding! This has to be the worst headache I've ever had! For that matter, my entire body hurts. Sweetheart, would you be so kind as to get me some aspirin, please?"
Jenny watched intently to see just how big of an explosion there was about to be.
Reality began to creep in on Katherine. "Wait...I'm not home. I'm...I'm...what the..." She rolled over to see my smiling face propped up on my arm.
"Good morning...sweetheart," I said in a mocking tone.
"What...what...what are you doing in my bed?! Oh my God! What's going on here?!" Katherine shrieked.
"Well, after dinner, you invited me back to your room. Actually, you practically dragged me into your room," I said with a wide smile.
"No! That...that...that's impossible!"
Jenny backed me up. "It's true, Katherine. You practically ripped his arm off."
"No! I don't believe it! It can't be true!"
I shrugged my shoulders. "You can deny it all you want, but it's true. We had a lovely dinner..."
"Wait! Dinner. Yes, I remember dinner!" Bits and pieces of memories flashed through her pounding head. "Yes! You...you...you ordered me a tea. A...a...a Long Island iced tea, I believe. Then...then..."
I filled in the blank. "Then you pulled my cock out of my pants and started to jerk me off. Right there in the restaurant."
Katherine gasped. An image raced through her cloudy brain.
"Then I climbed under the table and sucked him off and fingered you. You went off like a Roman candle! Right there in the restaurant!" Jenny was practically giddy.
An image of her clenched fists on the table appeared in her memories. She gasped again.
"Then we came back here, you dragged me into your room, and then we fucked like rabbits."
"For hours," Jenny added.
More memories flooded Katherine's brain. My cock in her mouth and between her breasts. Three bodies intertwined. The night was coming back to her.
"Hell, I tried to leave, but you begged me to stay."
Jenny nodded her head. "It's true, sweetie."
It all hit her. Her face went red. Her jaw clenched. "You bastard! You...you...you drugged me and took advantage of me!! I'm going to report you to HR!!"
"Ha! It was the other way around. I tried to go back to my room and you dragged me in here. If anybody was taken advantage of, it was me. Jenny'll back me up. Like it or not, it's true. I was gonna go back to my room, I swear."
"He's right, Katherine. You practically ripped his clothes off."
"You...you...you bastard! You son of a bitch! Get out! Get out now!"
I chuckled and started to pick up my clothes while my morning wood swung freely in the air. "So, I guess a morning blowjob is out of the question?" Jenny covered her mouth to hide her laugh.
"You son of a bitch!" Katherine screeched at the top of her lungs. She started picking articles of clothing off the floor and throwing them at me.
Jenny wrapped Katherine in her arms and dragged her in the direction of the bathroom. "C'mon, sweetie. Let's get you calmed down while he leaves." She nodded her head at me. "You'd better get outta here."
I threw my pants on, grabbed my shoes and shirt, and raced into the hallway, wearing a smile the whole time.
Two hours later, Jenny and Katherine were walking to the convention center where the conference was being held. Katherine was still worked up. My roommate Matt and I intentionally left earlier. I was pretty sure Katherine didn't want to walk with me as we had done the day before.
"I...I...I just can't believe that all happened!" Katherine bemoaned.
"Well, believe it, because it happened. Just the way Mark described it. You went full on slut last night!"
"Oh my God! Please don't say that, Jenny." She paused. "My husband is the only man I've ever spent the night with. Until last night."
"Yeah...and how was it?"
"I don't remember!" Katherine rubbed her head. "My head is pounding! My throat is sore. My whole body hurts! And I've got to give this presentation today. Oh my God! What am I going to do, Jenny?"
"Buck up, buttercup. You're tough. You'll get through it."
"I'm so nervous about it, anyway, and now this." Katherine's voice trailed off.
"Well, Mark did give you some valuable advice last night at dinner."
"Him?! Gave me valuable advice?! Impossible!"
"He really did. Obviously, you don't remember it. Would you like to hear what it was?"
Katherine stewed over it.He may be a sexist son of a bitch, but he is a good public speaker. I'm so nervous! But am I really so desperate as to take advice from him?"Okay, what was his advice?"
"Long story short, he said he doesn't wear anything under his street clothes and he looks at the top of their heads, not their faces. He said the feeling of his privates against his clothing makes him think about that more than the fact that there are people staring at him."
"No undergarments?! That's just crazy!"
Jenny shrugged her shoulders. "I'm just telling you what he said. He really did seem sincere. And even you have to admit, he's a really good public speaker. Use it, don't use it, doesn't matter to me. You're the one giving the presentation, not me."
A few hours later, after several boring seminars and presentations, Jenny and I were seated together on our folding chairs in a banquet room full of people waiting for Katherine to appear and give her presentation on the advantages and disadvantages of having an in-house art department. Meanwhile, in a bathroom not far from the room, Katherine was stewing.
This was one of the few times in her life the normally over confident Katherine was beyond nervous.I don't know if I can do this! Come on, Katherine, pull yourself together! Should I follow Mark's advice? Dammit! Damn him for being such a good public speaker!
Knowing the moment had come, she made the decision to follow my advice. She quickly unbuttoned her satin white shirt and yanked her lacy white bra off. The shirt clung to her body like it was painted on. The neckline dove deep into her ample cleave before it met the first button. Then she reached under her black pencil skirt who's hem line fell just above mid-thigh, and pulled her white thong down her legs and over her black stiletto heels.
Oh my! This is a unique feeling! Maybe he's right!she thought just before she walked out the door.
Finally, the host of the event walked across the makeshift stage to the podium. He thanked the crowd for coming and gave a brief synopsis of what the presentation was going to be about. Then, finally...
"Without further delay, I'd like to introduce the lovely miss Katherine McCainzie." He swung his arm to stage left as the crowd began to politely clap. Then she appeared.
Jenny and I covered our mouths. "Oh shit!" I said with a chuckle.
"Oh-ho-ho no!" Jenny giggled.
When the light hit Katherine, unbeknownst to her, her shirt became almost translucent. There was no hiding the fact that Katherine had gone sans bra for the presentation, and there were no restraints on her gumdrop-sized nipples that were begging for attention. It gave a perfect silhouette of her bouncing 38 specials as she crossed the stage. Suddenly, every male, as well as a few women, in the room were glad they came.
I leaned into Jenny as the clapping died down and Katherine once again introduced herself and dove into her presentation. "Oh shit! If she truly did follow my advice, the folks in the front row are getting one helluva show!"
Jenny's eyes and mouth flew open. "Oh shit!" she giggled again.
We sat there for 10 minutes watching Katherine give the audience more than they bargained for, wondering if she had a clue why the audience was so interested in what she had to say. Then I felt a hand sliding up my thigh.
Jenny leaned into me and whispered in my ear just as her hand reached my growing bulge. "This is fuckin' boring. And I can't stop thinking about that huge fucking cock of yours. Whaddya say we get outta here and you show it to me again?"
I looked at her face. She had a wicked, sexy smile. After last night, I had been plotting when I was going to be able to nail her. It was going to be much sooner than I had planned. "Let's get the fuck outta here."
She grabbed my hand and we crossed through the row of seats into the aisle. We practically sprinted to the back of the room and out the door.
Katherine couldn't help but see us racing out the door. She stopped in mid-sentence.Hey! Where are they going? Am I that boring?Then a streak of jealously raced through her. The image of a fat cock flashed across her mind.Wait! Could that be it? Is she...are they...is she taking him somewhere to have intercourse with that...that... huge member of his?! That slut!She struggled to get back to focusing on her presentation. She kept seeing images of Jenny impaled on my rod, screaming her brains out.I need to wrap this up!
I thought Jenny was taking me back to the hotel. She suddenly pulled me into a woman's restroom down the hall. It had two stalls and a granite vanity with a vase holding fresh cut flowers. It was clean and shiny and smelled nice.This is way nicer than the guys bathroom!I thought.
"What? We're not going back to the hotel?" I asked.
"No. Not yet anyway. We'll go back there and fuck, don't worry. But right now, momma's got an itch and that big fucking cock of yours is gonna scratch it. C'mon, whip it out! Let's see it!" she said as she attacked my belt buckle and zipper. In a matter of seconds, cool air was racing across my exposed trouser snake. It was long, and thick, and ready for action. Jenny's long fingers were quickly wrapped around it. "Oh, fuck yeah! There it is!"
She pulled me in close with her other hand. Our lips locked in a hot, passionate kiss. My hands went to work on the zipper of her dress and the clasp of her bra. It fell off her shoulders and down her arms, which she briefly straightened, allowing it to fall onto the shiny tile floor.
She broke off the kiss. Her eyes sparkled in the light. She dropped to her knees, dragging her fingernails down my chest and stomach as she went. She landed on her dress. My twitching pole was staring her in the face. She grabbed it and studied it for a moment before she pointed it straight to the sky and licked the underside from balls to tip twice. On the final lap she quickly swirled her tongue around the tip and then took me in.
My head flew back and my chest puffed out. "Oh fuck!" My hands went straight to the back of her bobbing head. After three bobs I felt my swollen head dive into her throat, quickly followed by its pulsing shaft. "Gaaaaaa fuck!" I moaned again.Oh yeah, she's done this before!I thought to myself.
I looked down. One of her hands was holding my manhood steady while her other hand was tucked inside her lacy blue thong. I looked over my shoulder while she moaned and hummed. I was inches away from reaching the lock on the door. If Jenny didn't care about somebody walking while she smoked my pipe, I didn't care.
"Goddamn, you know how to suck dick," I complimented her while I grabbed her long blonde hair.
She looked up at me and smiled around my meat. "Mmmmmhmmmm!"
A few moments later she released me from her mouth with a pop. "Okay, big boy, it's time for you to give me some of what you were giving to that stuck up little bitch last night," she demanded as she brought herself off the floor.
She slipped out of her soaked thong and let it fall to the ground, joining her other clothing. While she took the two steps to the back wall, I quickly turned and twisted the lock on the door. Jenny placed both hands on the back wall and wiggled that sweet, heart-shaped ass at me.
She looked over her shoulder at me with an evil smile. "I want you to fuck me good, fuck me hard, and fuck me fast. Let's scratch this itch so we can get back to the room and do some proper fucking!"
"Yes, ma'am, with pleasure."
I slid between her long, tan legs and touched the tip of my weapon to her pink, swollen lips. She gasped ever so slightly and bit her bottom lip. I leaned forward and cut through her like a hot knife through butter. In a split second I was balls deep and hip to hip.
"Oh fuck you're huge! Fuck!" she barked.
I paused. I wanted to enjoy the sensation. "Oh hell yeah! That's the shit right there!" I leaned in as far as I could, until my chest was on her back. I reached around and tweaked her erect, pointed nipples, which brought a loud yelp. I whispered in her ear, "Just remember, you asked for this."
A chill ran up her spine. "Oh shit," she murmured as I stood back up.
I grabbed her hips and pulled back as far as I could without falling out of her slit. I paused. I made sure I had a firm grip before I threw my hips forward as hard as I could. The sound of skin slapping skin echoed off the tiled walls.
"Oh FUCK!" she cried out. I pulled back and drove it home again. "FUCK! Ohhhhh, fuck me!" she moaned. I gave an evil chuckle.
With those words, the pummeling of her pussy began. I did exactly as she had asked. I fucked her good, hard, and fast.
"I'm gonna ruin your cunt for every other man," I growled. "You'll never want any other cock than mine! You'll fuckin' beg for mine!"
"Oh my God! Oh fuck! You...you...fuck! You're so fuckingggggrrrrr big! Oh fuck! You're...you're...so...fucking...deep! Fuck!"
I grabbed her hair and pulled it back. "Say it! Say it! Tell me how much you love my fat cock fucking your tight little pussy! Say it!"
"Yes! Yes! I love your fat cock! Oh fuck! Fuck my tight little pussy! Fuck me! Oh God, yes! I love it! Fuck me!" I reached around and pressed on her raised clit. She about came out of her skin. "Gaaaaa fuck! Oh fuck!" I rubbed and flicked at it. I pinched it. Her body started to tremble. "Oh God! Ohmagawd! Oh shit! Yes! Yes! Oh fuck yes! Don't stop! Right there! Oh fuck! Yes! Cumming! Cumming! Oh fuck! Cummingggaaaaaa!"
Her body tensed. I didn't slow my assault on her slit while it convulsed around my muscle. It felt like a thousand lightning bolts were thundering through her athletic body. She cried and moaned so loudly I fully expected someone to call 9-1-1.
Even as her body started to relax, I continued to jackhammer and flick, until finally she reached behind her and pushed on my hip.
"Oh God! Please...please stop! Oh fuck! For the love of God, please stop!" she panted.
I slowed and finally stopped. When I pulled out, she slid to the floor. She rested her head against the wall.
"Holy fuck," she groaned.
I laughed. "Ha! Hey, I only gave you what you asked for."
She gave a weak laugh. "Ha ha. Yeah, that might have been a mistake." We both laughed at the comment. She slowly turned her head to look at me. My glistening pole was bouncing a foot from her face. "Fuck! You haven't cum yet?!" I smiled and shook my head. "Hmmmmm. Well, we can't have you walking the streets like that."
She spun her body around to face me. Looking down at her naked body was a sight to behold. I couldn't wait to cover it in cum. She reached up and wrapped her warm hand around my shaft. She could feel the source of life pump through my veins. Her hand glided on its shaft easily, slick with her love juices. She moved in closer. I felt her warm breath rush across its tip. She flicked her tongue, then licked her lips. She opened her mouth wide and looked into my face.
"Fuuuuuuuck!" I groaned as I slid down the back of her throat.
Her head bobbed several times before she pulled back. She looked up at me and licked her lips. "I love tasting myself on a good, stiff cock," she cooed. Just before taking me back in, she said, "Let me know before you cum. I've got a surprise for you," she grinned.
I smiled back. "Deep throat me a few more times and it won't be long." I barely got the words out of my mouth before her face was impaled on my sword again. I placed my hands on the back of her head and began to properly throat fuck her. "You love to suck cock, don't you? You love having a big, thick cock shoved down your throat, don't you, you fucking slut?" I growled.
She tried to nod her head while she looked up into my face. "Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmhmmmm!"
It wasn't long before, "Oh fuck! Gggrrrrrr, you're gonna make me cum! Fuck! You're gonna...make...me...cum!" I announced through clenched teeth.
She quickly pulled me out of her face. She pointed me at her chest and began to stroke me hard and fast with both hands.
"Yeah, cum for me! I wanna see that fat cock of yours shoot cum all over me! Come on, baby, give it to me!" My body tensed. My head flew back. The first rope splattered just above her sternum. "Oh yeah! Oh fuck yeah! That's it! Give it to me!" Two more gobs shot out, landing just below the first and quickly streaking into her cleavage. She took me back into her mouth. She sucked hard on the head while she stroked the shaft, trying to squeeze every bit of protein from my spigot.
She was finally satisfied with her work and removed me from her mouth with a "pop". She cupped a breast and slapped me on one, then the other. Then she scooped some of the thick spunk off her chest and slid it between her lips, sucking it clean.
"Fuck me," I sighed.
"Fuck yeah," she said as she gathered her clothing off the floor and lifted herself up.
She laid her lacy bra and soiled thong on the granite counter top, then began to slide her dress back on.
I nodded at the thick jizz covering her chest while I tucked and zipped. "Ummm, aren't you, you know, uh, gonna wipe some of that off?"
She smiled back at me. Her eyes had a wicked glint. "That's my surprise. Have you ever had a girl do a cum walk for you?"
Oh yeah! She's a freak!"Oh-ho-ho no! Ha ha ha! Is that what you're going to do?!"
"Sure. It'll be fun." She spun around. "Will you get my zipper, please?"
She stuffed her moist thong into her clutch. She folded up her lacy bra and handed it to me. We walked back to the hotel hand in hand. The fierce heat quickly liquified the thick goop covering her chest. It created a large stain on the dress between her pointed nipples that were trying to shred through it. We got several sideways glances, to which Jenny simply responded by proudly sticky out her chest and smiling.
By the time we got back to the hotel, we were both feeling randy again. As soon as the elevator doors closed, Jenny was on her knees and sucking on my stiffening cock.
About this time, Katherine was wrapping up her presentation. Much to her surprise, she got a standing ovation. What she didn't know was it had nothing to do with the presentation itself as it did with the presenter and her incredible curves that were on full display.
When she left the stage, she was surrounded by a group of people from the audience like she was a rock star. So many people asked for her business card she ran out. Several people, including two women, handed her their business cards and asked her to call them to arrange a "private presentation". Later on, she found that several of the business cards had a hotel and room number written on the back.That's odd. Maybe they want to discuss details about my presentation in person before they go home?she naively thought. It took her over an hour to converse with and wade through the sea of people. She took it all as wanting her to come to their companies and to pitch her presentation. Then the image of Jenny and I rushing out of the room flashed before her eyes.
By the time Jenny and I got back to her room, I was rock hard and she was dripping wet. Our clothes were quickly spread across the room and we were on the bed, with me landing on top of her. I began to slide down her silky body until I got to her fleshy mounds. She moaned while I leapt from one pointed nipple to the other. I took each one into my mouth, sucking and nibbling on them to see what kind of physical reaction both received from Jenny.
I broke away and slid further down her body and across her taut stomach. My chin swept across her heart-shaped fuzz and down her slick slit. I paused there to allow her anticipation to build. She gasped at the first swipe of my tongue across her angry clit. I proceeded to nibble, suck, and lick at her raised nob. One of her hands went to the back of my head, pushing me into her "V" harder, while her other hand went to her tan globes to molest them to her delight.
Her body jerked and she loudly moaned when one of my beefy fingers slipped through her swollen lips, quickly followed by a second. I pumped and twisted her gash with my digits while I continued to feast on her kernel.
Her squirming on the bed became more energized and her moaning louder. Her fingers ran through my hair and pressed me down.
"Oh yeah, that's it! Mmmmmmm, yeah! Oh yeah! That's it! Right there! Fuck!"
A slight sigh at the removal of my fingers was replaced by a loud yelp at the unexpected insertion of one through her back door.
Her body lifted off the bed. "Oh FUCK! Gaaaaaa fuck!" I gave a muffled chuckle at the reaction.
Jenny's writhing on the bed became more agitated. The pressure on the back of my head grew stronger. The contractions around my finger came quicker and stronger.
"Oh fuck! Don't stop! Don't you stop! Oh fuck! That's it! Right there! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh ggggaaaaaaa!"
Her bucks into my face became violent when the orgasm hit her full force. Her moans grew so loud I expected security to be called. Her ass clamped down on my finger and her bean trembled under my tongue while her juices flowed down my chin.
She finally pushed me out from between her legs. "Fuck me! You've got a cock like a tree trunk and a magic tongue? Goddamn! Where the fuck have you been all my life?" she groaned. We both laughed at the question.
"Fuck, we're just getting started," I laughed. I rose up and slapped her on the hip. "C'mon, roll over."
"Oh shit," she half chuckled and half moaned. She rolled over and lifted onto all fours. She watched while I slid between her legs. "Oh shit," she murmured as I closed in. I held my tool steady and touched it to her swollen lips. She sighed just before the swollen head slipped past her velvety folds. I quickly filled her familiar hole. Her head dipped. "Oh FUCK! Jesus Christ! I've never felt so stuffed!"
"That must explain why your cunt feels so tight," I hissed. "I'm about to stretch that motherfucker out! You'll never want another cock fucking you!" I reared back and blasted forward.
"Oh FUCK! Ohmagawd!" she barked.
I grabbed her hips firmly and began spread her pussy wider than it ever had been before. Her hands grabbed onto the bed sheets and balled into fists. Her body felt good wrapped around my muscle. Sweat rolled off my face onto her toned ass.
It wasn't long before her sensitive twat began to vibrate around my prod. Her head fell into the pillows.
"Oh fuck! Ohmagawd! You're...you're...ohmagawd! You're gonna make me...gaaaa!...cum again! Oh God!"
"That's right! Show me how a little slut cums when she's getting fucked by a fat cock! Come on, let me hear it!"
"Oh fuck! It feels so good! Ohmagawd, don't stop! Cumming! Cumming! Cummngggaaaaa!"
An uncontrollable stampede of lightning rolled through her trembling body like an Oklahoma thunderstorm. She moaned, and cried, and begged me not to stop the assault. She clutched the bed sheets as if they were the only thing keeping her from launching into orbit.
After what seemed like an hour long orgasm, her heart rate finally started to slow, as did my pumps into her slit. Her body slumped. The only thing keeping her from fully collapsing onto the bed was the pole impaling her cunt.
Neither one of us heard the door open.
There stood Katherine, still looking sexy as fuck. Even pissed off she looked sexy as fuck. But, if anyone knew about her being pissed off and looking sexy, it was me. Her face was red and her nipples were about to explode through her shirt. Neither Jenny or I moved other than to turn our heads.
"You...you...you left my presentation so you could have intercourse?! I could hear you down the hallway! It sounded like somebody was dying in here!"
Jenny and I looked at each other and back to Katherine. I nodded my head. "Yeah, that's about it."
Jenny nodded her head. "Yeah, that pretty much sums it up."
"I can't believe you left my big presentation so you could rut like animals!" Katherine screamed.
"Would you rather we stayed at your presentation and rutted like animals?" Jenny asked, then turned to me with a grin. "That would've been fun, huh?"
I smiled back. "Maybe next time." My pole was still rock hard and buried deep into Jenny. Her muscles were still lightly twitching around it.
"I can't believe you two! And, you! Jenny, I thought you were my friend!"
"I still am your friend, Katherine," she said as sincerely as she could with a cock buried inside her. "I'm just a friend who's getting fucked by a fat cock," she said grinning. Katherine was almost apoplectic. "C'mon, Katherine. You got to fuck him all last night and I didn't complain. Sharing is caring."
The veins in Katherine's neck were bulging. Her hands were balled into fists. "I...I..." She couldn't put a coherent sentence together.
"I think that's it," I chimed in. "She's jealous I'm fucking you and not her."
Katherine's eyes turned to slits. "I...I...that...grrrrrrr..." She started to turn and walk away.
"Hang on a sec, Katherine," I said. She stopped and turned to me. "Don't you want to wait and watch me fuck Jenny in the ass." I pulled out of Jenny.
Jenny's eyes opened wide. "Wait...what?!" I touched my slick rod to her recently primed rosebud and leaned forward. Her head snapped back. "Oh! You motherfucker! Fuck!" she yelped when I fell in balls deep.
Katherine nearly came unglued. "You...you...ahhhhhhhhh!" she screamed as she walked out and slammed the door behind her.
I started to pump Jenny's ass full of man meat. "Now I'm gonna ruin your fucking ass like I did your slutty little cunt!" I growled.
"Oh you motherfucker!" Jenny barked back. "Fuck my ass, you motherfucker! Fuck my ass with that fat fucking cock! Oh fuck!"
Katherine was in the elevator before it dawned on her that she really had nowhere to go. She pressed the lobby level button and thoughtWhy am I so jealous? I don't even like him! Could it be that I'm jealous of Jenny? No! That can't possibly be it! Could it be...is it possible...that I crave his oversized...can I be giving into a typical human carnal desire? Impossible!Since it was nearly 6 pm she decided to grab a bite to eat in the hotel's restaurant and think things through.
When she placed her order with the waiter, she thought to herselfMy cares went away when I had that tea last night. It was so tasty!So she ordered another Long Island Iced Tea, not realizing that's actually what led her to the predicament she was in now.
Back in the room, things were reaching a crescendo.
"You like that, huh? You like a fat cock in your slutty ass?"
"Oh God, yes! Ohmagawd, yes! Fuck my slutty little ass! Ohmagawd!" Her face was buried in the pillows with her ass pointed in the air.
I could feel her ass starting to contract around my pumping shaft. I reached around and pressed on her button. Hard.
"Oh fuck! Oh you motherfucker! Oh shit!" I rolled my finger around it and pinched it. "Ohmagawd! Oh shit! Oh fuck!"
"C'mon, bitch! I know you want to cum again, you fuckin' slut! C'mon, show me how a slut cums with a cock buried in her ass!"
"Oh God! Ohmagawd! Yes! Yes! Oh fuck, yes! Oh shit! Cumming! Cumming! Oh gaaaaaaa!"
She pushed back against my thrusts while she screamed in blind ecstasy. She cursed the gods and begged the heavens for forgiveness. Then, just as she was about to tap out, she felt my hose throbbing deep inside her.
"Oh fuck! Your tight little ass is gonna make me cum! Oh fuck!" I cried with s firm grip on her hips.
"Oh yeah! Come on, big boy, give it to me! Gimme your cum!"
A hard thrust forward made us grunt in unison. "Oh fuck! Cumming! Cumming! Oh fuck! Gggrrrrrfuck!" I howled through a clenched jaw.
Jenny could feel my thick, hot spunk filling her ass. Each throb filled it more. She continued to push back against me while my hands dug into her hips. My heart raced while she drained my body of fluids.
My balls finally stopped contracting. I pulled my still throbbing post from her ass. A thin strand of white followed it until it finally snapped off and fell across her thigh. It joined the stream of white that had begun to flow the second I pulled my plug. I slapped my hammer on her ass twice before I spun to the side and collapsed onto the bed flat on my back.
"Motherfuck," I said, panting like I'd been chased by a bear.
Jenny's legs had finally given out. She lay flat on the bed on her stomach next to me. "Motherfuck," she echoed.
After several minutes of basking in the glow of a great fuck session, Jenny finally said with true concern, "I wonder where Katherine went to? I wonder how she's doing?"
"She's a big girl. I'm sure she's fine."
In the restaurant, Katherine was finishing up her salmon and draining the last drop of her tea from the glass. After turning down several offers from balding gentlemen inviting her to join them for dinner, she paid her tab and left an overly generous tip for the very attentive waiter.
I really like that tea!she thought to herself as she stumbled towards the elevator. Just as the elevator arrived, she recalled why she was eating alone.That bitch! That son of a bitch!There was no way she was going back to the room just to watch them act like animals.But where can I go?Then it dawned on her.Mark's not in his room. Matt's a nice guy. I'm sure he won't mind if I sleep in Mark's bed tonight.
To be continued...