Dione stared wistfully out the window. Her husband and children were playing in the garden and she stood watching them from the kitchen window as she did the dishes. Her husband, Kyle, noticed her stare and left their two daughters to play tea party on their own with their stuffed toys.
Kyle entered the kitchen and wrapped his arm around her waist.
"What's the matter, baby?" He asked.
"Nothing, darling," she sighed, leaning into his embrace.
"Don't lie, baby. Now, what's up?"
"I feel something...lacking. Not in our relationship but within myself."
"What do you mean?" He asked, resting his chin on her shoulder.
He noticed her playing with the kitchen utensils rather than cleaning them. She was anxious and he could tell. Dione took a breath, trying to setting her racing heart.
"You are my husband and you will always be my husband but I wish to...explore what's out there. You know I am a poly amorous person and I can't help but love people. I have no sense of boundaries when it comes to loving people."
"So...what are you saying?" He asked, smiling just a bit.
"I...want to experiment with other people."
She felt him still behind her and she clenched her eyes shut. She knew she shouldn't have said anything! His arms tightened around her and instead of hearing anger in his words, his voice was husky as he whispered into her ear.
"I don't know why but the thought of you with other people is a huge turn on for me," he spoke gently but his grip was firm.
He leaned forward so he was no longer embracing her but pushed her against the bench. She hummed in delight when she could feel his arousal straining against his pants as he grinded against her.
"I have some fantasies of seeing you with others, if I'm being honest with myself," he huskily spoke into her ear.
"Y-You do?" Dione asked, blushing but god was she so turned on right now.
"Mm hmm," he murmured against her neck as he started placing wet kisses along her jugular.
He felt her pulse jump and chuckled deep in his chest.
"Spread your legs," he demanded.
"Here!?" She asked incredulously, looking up and at their girls in the garden. "What about the girls? What about Mason?"
Mason, was their friend and housemate that was currently living with them.
"You can see what the girls are doing and if they decide to come inside and Mason just left for work so he won't be back for a few hours."
He pulled his zipper down and pulled out his now fully erect cock, rubbing it against her clothed backside teasingly.
"It'll be up to you to keep a straight face if they look at you."
Diones' face was red as she spread her legs, leaning against the kitchen sink. She reached down and lifted up the back of her dress.
"That's my girl," he hissed as he rubbed his erection against her now exposed vagina.
She was already wet from the thoughts he'd given her and it drove him wild knowing his wife was such an erotic creature. He knew he didn't have to worry about her. They'd been married for seven years now and he knew how much love she had to give to people and she knew she had so much room in her heart. It came down to him and how secure he felt and knowing this woman was his wife and always going to be, always to melt in his arms like this, he could stand to let her have some fun and get some kicks out of it himself.
He wasted no time in driving into her, ramming her hips against the sink. Dione gasped in pleasure, gripping onto the edges for balance and resistance. She pushed back with every thrust, biting her lip painfully to stop from expressing further her pleasure just in case their daughters looked for them.
Kyle groaned from how tight and wet his wife's pussy was. "Fuck," he hissed out.
His arms tightened around her more as he drove up into her, repeatedly.
"Oh, god," she moaned under her breath and deep in her chest.
Kyle stood to stand beside her instead, turning her so she could still see out the window and propped one of her legs up, reaching deep inside her and hitting her g spot at a new angle.
She let out a high pitched mewl as her legs began to shake. Her walls clamped down around his cock. Kyle grunted in pleasure; his eyes clenching shut as he drove into her harder. Dione had gone completely tense as she rode her orgasm into another only this time, as Kyle pulled out knowingly, she began to squirt. He alternated between thrusting into her a few times and pulling out, causing her to repeatedly gush until there was a mess beneath them. He finally drove home as he spilled inside of her, holding her so tight she couldn't move, even if she wanted to.
They stayed there a moment, catching their breaths and basking in the afterglow. Kyle kissed her neck down to her shoulder before pulling out of her.
"You want my permission to explore, you've got it but no secrets, okay? If I ask, you tell. When you know what you want and are looking for just tell me, okay?"
She turned around, tearing up and she hugged him around the neck. "I love you so much, baby. Thank you!"
He smiled as he pulled away far enough to kiss her on the lips.
"I love you, too. I'm just gonna go for a shower, okay?"
Dione just nodded and watched him go with a smile on her face full of satisfaction both physically and emotionally. He was perfect. She looked at the girls still playing then down at the dishes. She couldn't stop the giddy emotions from welling up inside of her.
Let the games begin.