It was one of those years when Halloween fell on a Monday. So there were parties spread out over the weekend instead of on just one night.
Of course what's Halloween without some sort of costume. This year I decided go as a policeman and since I have a buddy on the local force, getting a realistic looking uniform was no problem. With a few modifications, of course, like removing the municipal patch and replacing it with a similar looking one. It was complete, pistol belt, baton, and handcuffs. I thought about a holster and fake gun but opted out just to make sure no unnecessary problems occurred because of it. It is one thing to look complete but I wasn't looking to get hassled because of it.
Because there were so many parties and friends of ours going out, we decided that we would start out at separate places and then meet up later in the evening and one of our favorite bars.
So as I left my friends I noticed that I was running a little late but instead of calling or texting I just decided to make my way to bar to surprise you. Though we had planned on meeting, I never mentioned what my costume was and all you said about yours was that it was going to sexy.
About a half a block away I noticed you outside the bar with friends. It looked like you were saying goodnight to them. Crap, guess I am late. Still wanting to get your reaction to my costume I decided not to call out to you. I walked a little faster to catch up with you as you were walking to the parking garage. I thought I would catch you by the time you got to elevator but I just missed you. Looking around I spotted the stairs and quickly climbed them catch up with you.
As I quietly opened the door on the next floor I spotted you heading towards your car. Since it was late, this floor was practically empty now but you were parked in the far corner. I almost gave myself away by laughing as I saw you stagger a couple of times. Looks like you had a good time.
You get to your car door and start fishing through your purse for your keys and then drop them on the ground as you find them. You bend to pick them up and as you stand up I say "Freeze, don't move." You start to turn to face me as you catch a glimpse of the uniform. "Turn around, Hands on top of the car, " I say in firm voice as you comply.
Nervously you start to ask what was wrong as I tell you that we have had a quite a few auto thefts in the area. "But this is my car, I have my keys right here," you say as you start to look back over your shoulder at me. "Stay facing that way," I order you as you turn your head back.
"Have you been drinking, Miss," I ask.
"I had a drink with my friends," you reply and I see you start to shake a little bit.
Up until now I never really took a good look at what you were wearing. It appears that you are dressed up as a cat, a damn sexy cat. Of course you had on the little black ears on top of your head but it was what the tail was hooked to that was wild. It was a black spandex\lycra one piece that hugged every curve of your body. The back was open all the way down to small curve above your bottom and the top tied behind your neck. As the material trailed down your legs it ended with little lace cuffs above your ankles. And the toeless pumps that you had on showed off your sexy feet. Damn. I am getting as hard as that police baton just looking at you.
"Ok, well I am going to have to give you a couple of sobriety tests before I can let you go but first I have search you," I say. "Do you have anything illegal or dangerous on you," I ask laughing in my head knowing that you sure didn't have anywhere to hide it if you did.
"Please spread your legs and keep your hands on the car." As you do I step forward placing my right foot on the ground between them. With a hand on both hips I pull you back a little till your ass is up against my thigh. I then place my hands on your shoulders and slide them up your arms, just to make it seem official. I lean forward a little, pressing into you with my thigh as I start to slide my hands back down your arms and continue down your sides to your waist. Starting at the small of your back, I feel you jump a little as my fingers make contact with your skin. I slide my hands around the front and start working them upwards.
Reaching the bottom of your breast, I notice something else that was nice about you outfit. It had built in lift support, which made your breast stand out perfectly.
I continued on, running my fingers, on each hand, under your breast until they enclosed as I cupped them both. As I paused, I expected to hear you protest, but you merely closed your eyes, as you subconsciously pressed harder onto my thigh.
Releasing them I started sliding my hands back down your front to your waist and then down some more. Reaching your pubic area, I could tell that you were nice and shaved because of the way your costume fit. But you were definitely starting to get a little warm.
Sliding my hands to the top of your thighs and then back out to your hips, I step back and you lose you balance a little as I steady you.
Dropping to my left knee, I place both hands on your left thigh, right up by all the heat you are generating. Slowly sliding them down over your calves, almost stroking you with my fingertips until I reach your ankle and then I switch over to your right ankle as I start my way back up.
Feeling you tense a little as you anticipate my hands making there way back up to your sweetness. I slowly drag my fingers across your pussy and then firmly cup your mound. I swear I could feel you melt as you were definitely getting wet.
Standing back up I remove my hand from your mound as I take out the handcuffs. Reaching up and I take your left hand behind your back, quickly snapping one cuff in place.
You suddenly realize what is happening and try to turn around as I press you back against the car and grab your other wrist, securing it behind your back as well. You start to complain as I tell you to keep quiet. Though it is a fairly public place, is basically deserted after the bars close.
Standing you up, I start to walk you to the hood of your car. Because of where you parked any view of the front of the car was blocked by support columns.
You begin to panic, and you start begging me not to arrest you. Though this started out as fun I begin to feel a little guilty about scaring you so I tell you to let me think about it.
While you are not sure if you should keep resisting or stay quiet, you choose the latter hoping that I let you go.
After a making you stand there for a minute I tell you, "I will let you off with a warning this time but you have to do something for me. Do you agree?" You nervously nod you head.
"First kneel down on the ground," I say as you start to get down there. "Now I want you to look at the ground or close your eyes but do not look at me. Understand?" I continue and you nod in agreement.
Walking around you, I reach down and untie the top of your outfit. As the material falls free your beautiful breast are just incredible. I stop and stand in front of you and start unzipping my fly. Taking my cock out and holding it with my right hand, I touch your head with my left hand. Tilting it back to bring your mouth closer to my dick.
Looking at your face I can see that you have your eyes tightly clamped so I point the tip of my dick to your lips and rub it back and forth across them a couple of times.
"Open your mouth," I tell you. As you comply I push forward feeling the soft, wetness of your tongue slide along the bottom of my shaft. After using my hands to move your head back and forth a couple of times you start to catch on. You figure that while blowing off a cop maybe a bad thing, getting busted for a DUI would be worse.
Though you were trying not to enjoy yourself there was definitely something about this that felt very familiar. Slowly you open your eyes and start to look up, towards my face. As soon as you see me your mind starts reeling, having a sudden urge to hit me but your hands are still cuffed behind your back. So you decide to bite down. Not to hard but hard enough to get my attention.
Standing there with my eyes closed, enjoying how great your mouth feels on my cock, I about jumped to the ceiling when you bit down. You took your mouth my dick and started telling me to help you up and to take the handcuffs off you. So I reached down and lifted you so that you could stand all while listening to you telling me how I was going to get it.
Your legs must have fallen asleep from being on yours knees because instead of standing you stumbled and fell over the hood of the car. All I could do was laugh and this did not amuse you.
While I am sure that you were probably still yelling at me, I had no idea what you were saying because I was looking at how incredibly sexy your ass looked with you bent over the car.
Though I am not sure how, after getting my dick bit, I was still rock hard. You were trying to lean back, to get off the car, as I walked up behind you. With my left hand I pressed you back down on the hood and with my right I reached down and started rubbing your pussy with my fingertips. You were soaked and my fingers getting lubed just from touching you.
Bringing my right hand back I stroked my cock a couple of times trying to decide what to do. Not hearing anything other than the thoughts in my head I came to a conclusion. Using both hands I reached down and grabbed the material right above your pussy and jerked it in opposite directions and it tore open. Somehow, I must have grab one side of your panties as well because they were hanging down there too.
With both hands on your hips, I pulled you back towards me a little. Luckily the pumps, that you were wearing, brought us to the perfect height for this position. Aiming my cock with my left hand, I guided right up to your wet pussy lips and slid him back and forth against your opening.
The whole time I was doing this you were saying something but I just now I figured it out. I guess you weren't too happy that I ruined your new outfit.
Wanting to feel your pussy wrapped around me I grabbed your hips and pulled you to me. In one long hard stroke I had rammed my cock all the way into you. You let out a gasp and the only other sound I could hear was your breast dragging across the hood of the car. Sliding almost all the way out, I could feel you holding your breath, waiting for my return as I slammed into you again.
I paused for a moment... and then I heard you say, "again."
With this I continued my same long strokes, only not stopping. Pulling you to me by your hips as I thrust forward. Normally I enjoy taking my time with you. Sometimes slow and gentle other times a little rougher but this time... this time was going to be fast and hard. Damn... you feel incredible. The faster and harder I go the more you grunt for me. Again... again... again. Though I am bottoming out inside of you, I feel your pussy muscles start to contract around me.
Slowing for a moment, I let go of your hips and take hold of the material again. I tear a little more, this time exposing your ass. Putting both hands on you ass I start squeezing and kneading it, working my thumb even closer to your little rosebud.
After wetting my right thumb, with my saliva, I feel your pussy muscles contract even more when I start pressing my thumb against your little bud. Rubbing and pressing inwards, your grunts get even louder. Finally my thumb slides in as you gasp.
Not giving you a chance to rest I grab your left hip with my other hand as I leave my right thumb in you. You must have been really close because within a couple of minutes you start to cum. I pull my thumb out as you start cumming and you literally flop onto the hood.
Knowing that you are spent but so close to my own, I reach out and grab both of your arms with my hands and pull you back up off the car towards me. This causes you to arch your back and changes the angle that I am entering your pussy. It feels incredible. I start to cum right away and it feels like I am just coating the inside of you, there is so much.
Knowing that you must be getting sore, I take off the cuffs and help you into the car. Not thinking that you are upset but you still haven't said anything as I drive you home. At a red light you look over at me and smile and then say one word.... again.
So for Halloween they say 'Trick or Treat' but this time you got both.