I went to work as normal the next day. I was wearing a skirt, blouse, bra and panties. I was also wearing a pair of reasonably high heeled shoes that at least gave me the pretence of not being a foot shorter than most people. "Parcel for you," Joan said as she walked passed and placed a box on the corner of my desk.
"Ta," I said as I glanced at it. I got parcels all the time. One of my roles was stationery and the like, so everything came to me then I had to take it to whoever had ordered it. I had always wondered why the stuff didn't go direct to the person who needed it, but it got me out of the office for a while so I didn't mind.
As was normal I hadn't really done a lot since I had got in so I was now working hard to catch up on the things that I should have done a couple of hours ago. Joan rarely got on my back, I think she is just resigned to the way that I work and has found that moaning at me just ends up with us both ending up pissed off and snappy with each other so just leave me to it.
I broke off for my lunch, which was actually closer to evening meal time and as I got back to my desk I picked up the parcel. I had forgotten it was there and decided to open it while I ate with the intention of delivering it after lunch. Ignoring the advise on the parcel itself I opened it with a pair of scissors. "Ohmibod Compatible" I read on the very colourful box that greeted me as I unfolded the plain packaging. My eyes widened and I snapped the box closed again a lot louder than I had intended.
"You okay?" Joan asked.
"Yeah, sorry," I said, "Dropped my phone." Me using my phone on my lunch was tolerated. Joan hated any sort of fun or technology, but she tolerated me using it on my lunch.
Now I was not overly familiar with Ohmibod, but I knew enough that it was not office friendly. I opened the box again making sure that Joan was not likely to walk passed me. I read the top of the box which said that it was the Bluemotion NEX model. It was a remote controlled vibrator and I could only assume that it had been sent by Simon. Now as I say I am not overly familiar with any of the Ohmibod range and the main reason is cost. Hanna and myself looked at them a while back and you were not getting a lot of change out of 150 USD, way out of my price range.
Resting on the top of the box was a note.
"Simon says wear this from 17:00 and turn it on."
I checked the time and it was 16:30. "Back in a sec," Joan said 20 minutes later as she got up and went out of the room.
I took the opportunity to take the box out and open it up properly. It had clearly been opened before although the toy itself was resting in the packaging as new. I assume it had been paired to Simon's mobile which gave him control of it. The device itself was shaped like a tiny slipper. It was 3 inches long and gently curved along itself length, clearly designed to be nestled into a pair of panties with the domed end of the device resting against the clit and the body along the natural curve of female privates. I shrugged and dropped it into my handbag before repacking and putting the package away.
When Joan came back I went to the bathroom, with my bag and again took the toy out. I carefully positioned it in my underwear and checked myself in the mirror to make sure you couldn't see it. It was designed to be discrete, and they had got that very right. There were no external tell tale signs that I was wearing a vibrator in my panties, which was both reassuring and scary at the same time. If it wasn't discrete I would have had an excuse to not wear it, as it happens I was going to be sat in the office with a vibrator in my panties that was controlled by someone else.
I went back into the office and sat back at my desk. I crossed my legs underneath the desk and was surprised at just how well designed it was. In fact after 20 minutes or so I had forgotten that I was wearing it. Getting up and down a few times to photocopy and to do a bit of filing as I needed. It was comfortable to wear, a firm silicone texture allowed it to adjust to my shape in various positions as I sat and walked around.
I was absent mindedly sucking on the end of my pen as I finished off a letter that Joan had asked me to do when I felt a sudden jolt between my legs. It felt like I had been punched, but instead of pain an explosion that felt like an instant orgasm ripped through my entire body. "Fuck," I blurted out a lot louder than I should in an office environment. My pen clattered onto the desk and then onto the floor as my hands instinctively shot down between my legs as I tried to work out what had happened. The jolt was just that, less than a second of powerful vibration, but even so I honestly could not tell you if I just orgasmed in the office or not. I think I did. Either way, Joan was not amused by my language.
"Sophie!" she snapped as I dropped the F bomb.
"So sorry," I said feeling guilty. It felt like swearing in front of my nan, and just not the done thing.
"What happened?" she asked.
"Dropped my pen," I said, which was the truth, the bit I left out was that I was wearing a remote controlled vibrator and a stranger just made me have an instant orgasm in the office.
"Dropping a pen is no call for that language," she said sounding like my nan as she scolded me.
"Yeah, sorry," I said meekly.
She left it at that, huffed in the way that only the older generation can and turned back to her desk. "Fuuuuuck," I whispered silently to myself as I picked my pen up off the floor. I was wet, in fact no, I was not just wet, I felt like I had actually wet myself. The crotch of my panties felt like they had been dipped in water and that was just after a tiny blast of vibration.
"Do you want a drink?" Joan asked a few minutes later.
"No ta," I said as I sat with my legs firmly crossed under the desk as I considered removing the vibrator.
I felt the toy spring to life again between my legs and actually felt panic. If it was as intense as the last one I was going to literally wet myself in the office and there is no way I am escaping that with any dignity. I would just have to quit, there is no coming back from a fully grown girl wetting herself, if it is discovered that it was because of a remote controlled vibrator in her panties I would die of humiliation. The toy just gently rippled against me. Don't get me wrong it felt nice, but manageable as I sat staring at the screen while my clit got vibrated under the desk.
I felt the intensity click up a speed and I opened my legs under the desk so that my crossed legs were not pressing the vibrator harder against my clit that was starting to feel like it was dancing under its own control. "Wow," I whispered to myself as the consistent vibration slowly started to overwhelm my self control.
"Sure you don't want a drink?" Joan asked as she came back in.
"No, good ta," I gasped as best I could.
"You okay?" she asked sounding a little concerned.
No I wasn't, I was going to cum. "Yeah," I lied, "Bit of cramp," I added hoping that the suggestion of lady stuff would satiate her concern.
"Oh, okay," she said, "Take five minutes if you want, go for a walk."
"Thanks," I said as my orgasm rose up between my legs while she sat back at her desk.
It stopped, as suddenly as it started it stopped and I breathed an actual sigh of relief. I was moments away from pulling my panties down in the office. "Back in a sec," I said as I stood carefully on shaky legs.
"Yeah, no prob," Joan said.
I went out of the room and into the toilets. I didn't remove it, but I did switch it off. I composed myself in the mirror and went back into the office. "Okay?" Joan asked as I came back in.
"Yeah, sorry," I said, "You know how it is."
"Yeah of course," she said smiling at me warmly, "No need to be sorry."
My phone rang. "Sophie speaking how can I help," I said as I picked up the phone.
"Simon says turn it back on," the voice on the end of the phone said before instantly hanging up.
"Oh," I said the tone of genuine surprise carried in my voice. The immediate thought was concern how he knew I had turned it off, but logically I reasoned that he is controlling it off an app and it probably lets him know when connected.
"Who was that?" Joan asked.
"No idea," I said, "Just said hi then hung up."
I adjusted the way that I was sitting and lowered my chair slightly. This gave me easier and more discrete access to my underwear so if needed I could get to the vibrator and remove it, or at least move it away from me. I felt for the on switch and clicked it back on again. Seconds later I felt a series of gentle short pulses start between my legs. "Fuck me I have got to get one of these," I said to myself as the sequence silently continued under the desk. It fit so well and felt so nice that if I had one of these I would never leave my bedroom again.
The pulses were not intense, not like the first one, but they were persistent. They were manageable with a bit of controlled breathing and the occasional strategic repositioning of my sitting position to adjust the position of the toy. Don't get me wrong though, it felt good, really good and when it stopped it was a strange mix of relief and frustration. I was wet, physically wet which would be visible on my underwear if anyone saw them, not that I was planning on them doing so.
I sat doing my day to day work in wet panties. Wet enough for me to check when I had to stand up that no marks were left. I went to the bathroom and my underwear looked exactly like you would imagine when an overly turned on girl sits creaming herself for the best part of an hour. Occasional soft pulses reminded me that I was wearing the vibrator and I soon got used to them. They were on an automated timer, either that or Simon was sat meticulously with a stop watch and buzzing me every 120 seconds. So nice, a pleasure that warms you deep inside, the sort of pleasure you get from a long term boyfriend who caresses you lovingly and not entirely just for sex.
"Have you got a sec?" Joan asked.
"Erm, yeah," I said as I stood up, swept my hand down the back of my skirt and walked to her desk. Half way across the room one of the pulses went off and my standing position held the toy tighter against my clit causing me to breath in sharply and stumble ever so slightly.
"Still bad?" Joan asked.
"Yeah," I replied.
"Do you need to go home?" she asked looking genuinely concerned.
"No, I will be fine," I said feeling so guilty that I was lying. It was nothing to do with period cramps, it was a vibrator and here is a caring woman who is genuinely nice and concerned for me.
She chatted for a while and I braced myself for the next pulse which I managed to hide any effects from. I went back to my desk and sat down as she got up and went to do her warehouse rounds. I watched the door close and stared at the phone as for some reason I expected it to ring instantly. It of course didn't, but five minutes later it went off. I almost answered it very unprofessionally, but I didn't, which was lucky, it was a genuine call.
As I hung up it rang again and this time it was Simon. "Hi," he said.
"Hi," I replied smiling to myself
"Why did you turn it off?" he asked.
"Because," I said glancing at the door and lowering my voice, "It made me... you know... climax," I said.
"Really?" he asked sounding surprised, "That short?"
"Yeah," I whispered.
"How are you handling the pulses?" he asked.
"Okay," I said.
"Simon says... cum," he said while at the same time I felt the device explode into life between my legs.
I dropped the F bomb again, snapping my legs closed as a reflex with the room blurring as my eyes physically crossed in my skull. I orgasmed intensely, biting my lip and hearing myself struggling to keep my volume down I sat on my office chair at work and orgasmed. "Wow, you are sensitive," Simon said as the toy switched off again.
"Not at work," I said blinking my eyes so they rolled back from the back of my head as I regained what was left of my composure. Most of my composure was long gone and currently soaking through my underwear.
"You would have to give me your personal number for me to not call your at work," he said.
"I would," I agreed as a few alarm bells went off in my head. Mobile numbers are fairly easy to trace and no matter how turned on I was I didn't want to end up dead or raped or both, in any order actually.
"But you wont," he said, the tone in his voice carrying disappointment.
"No," I said, "Sorry."
"That is fine," he said as he recovered his decorum, "More respect for you being safe than reckless," he added.
We chatted for a while, about nothing in particular. Again the alarm bells were ringing as he tried to befriend me. Was he an old perv who was grooming me? He was a perv, that much is obvious, and he does have a voice that sounds older than me. That isn't really difficult though, as I am only 19. He didn't ask for any personal information or anything that could help locate me. All the time the 2 minute pulse between my legs kept happening. "I guess that concludes the game," he replied, "This is your last late I believe?"
"I guess," I said, "Thanks for the fun," I said wracking my brain for if I had told him how many shifts I was on or not. It still niggled me that I knew his voice, a distant memory that was just out of reach.
"No, thank you," he replied warmly.
"What about the vibrator?" I asked.
"Yours," he said, "Pairing to your phone will remove it from mine. Enjoy it."
"I cant accept that," I replied, "They are so expensive."
"I have no use for one," he said with a laugh, "And plus the fact, me giving you my address would place me at risk. Potentially."
I was not sure whether to be offended or what. Statistically I am way more likely to be a sex attack victim than him, was he saying it just to have a dig? Was the toy traceable? How did it work? I assumed it had some sort of SIM card in it to work across mobile networks. "Have a good evening," he said, "Maybe do this again some time," he added as he hung up before I could reply.
I placed the phone back down and stared at the desk for a few moments as I processed the events of the past few days. I also noted that the toy had stopped pulsing. I went to the bathroom and removed it noting that a blue light was flashing rapidly on the side of it. I checked the instructions and it was just saying that it was not paired with any device in range. "In range," I said to myself as I thumbed through the quite substantial instruction booklet. I was looking for wireless communication standards looking for cellular. None, just Bluetooth. I quick check online gave the range of Bluetooth of 100m at best and that is assuming it is Class 1. Taking into account walls and the like, Simon was in the building and likely worked here. I knew I knew the voice, but that knowledge terrified me as he likely knew me and what I looked like.
Joan came back in as I sat back down again and we continued to work in relative silence. After ten minutes I got up and went to the bathroom to remove my panties. They were uncomfortably wet to be sat in and it felt horrible. I spent most of the remaining time googling Ohmibod apps and seeing if it had a factory reset, which it did, which I did to make sure no trace was possible. Fairly sure it wasn't, but I don't understand technology on that level to be 100% sure, so it made me feel better.
The day ended and I put my coat on, said night to Joan and headed to the bus stop. The bus was amazingly on time and I got on flashing my student bus pass at the driver to which he just nodded. I sat on the bottom level four rows behind the driver, slid across the seat next to the window and crossed my legs away from the aisle. It was unlikely anyone would see up my skirt, but no point taking the risk as if they did I had no panties on. On a connected note the choice of seat was the optimal view up the stairs of the bus. It is amazing how many girls either don't wear underwear and short skirts, or wear very unsuitably large underwear and a skirt. Many an hour of a boring bus ride can be wiled away on the fourth row behind the driver on a double decker bus. Although it is a lot more fun if you are with a mate so you can bitch about the sights.
I rang the bell and got off the bus and headed towards my house. The streets were poorly lit as a large number of the street lighting needed replacing which was an ongoing and very boring subject. Long shadows were cast along the road from distant street lights and a criss cross of mottled light danced over the pavement with the light shining through the trees. I put the key into the door and let myself in. "Hello?" I shouted.
"Hey," my brother replied immediately.
"Hi, only you in?" I asked.
"Yeah, mum and dad are having a dirty weekend remember," he said.
"Oh yeah, eww," I said smiling at him, "You out later?"
"Nar," he said, "Old films and a few beers. Wanna join me?"
"How old are the films?" I asked smiling at him.
"Fairly old," he smiled, "One of the original star wars at the moment."
"Gold bikini one?" I asked with a wry smile.
"Maybe," he grinned at me.
I rolled my eyes and took my coat off making sure my skirt didn't do anything stupid while I removed the coat, "I'll just go for a shower then I'll be back," I said, "Vodka and coke please."
I disappeared off upstairs and went into my room to grab a pair of panties and a mid thigh length t-shirt. I stripped in the bathroom, showered and got dressed into the t-shirt and underwear. The panties were none descript, plain white cotton, high leg, but no where near a thong cut and maintained full coverage no matter what I did in them, which was mainly sleeping. Basically they were underwear, not sexy, but not granny style while maintaining my indifference if anyone gets a peep at them.
I went back downstairs and sat on the sofa. A drink was waiting for me and we finished the film while chatting about nothing in particular. He was wearing a dressing gown and I assume some sort of underwear. Although he did sleep naked, I assume he was not bold enough to only be wearing a dressing gown that was only held together by a wrap around belt. Vodka is nice after a day at work and it slipped down easily. One became two and then three. He kept up with beers, but they were significantly less alcohol than a generous shot of vodka and coke. Feeling the effects I slowed down, mainly because I didn't want to be ill as opposed to doing something stupid due to alcohol consumption.
"Want a lesson in Mario Kart?" he asked.
"Yeah, I will show you how to win," I replied as he got up and handed me one of the controllers.
We gamed quite a lot. Racing games I was fairly close and it was fair unless it was a simulation one where I ran out of talent often. Sport games I was okay at, not quite as good as him, but if he had a bad game I could beat him. We usually balanced out football games by him using a team from a league lower than what I used. Mario Kart though and we were even.
One race became a couple of hours as the clock slowly ticked around to half 1 in the morning. Although we had both slowed down with the alcohol we were both in no fit state to drive and the times and skill got lower and lower. The verbal abuse also got more and more harsh as we got drunker. At one point he actually called me an f'ing "c" word as I fired a rocket at him on the finish straight to grab the win. In truth I had fired it in a sulk as I thought I had lost, the hit was entirely luck and not at all skill based. I of course claimed that it was skill and basked in the glory for a while.
After that I must have crossed the line of coordination and my wins became more and more sporadic. After a streak of 8 wins for him and zero for me I threw the controller onto the sofa. "Oh come on," I exclaimed as he lapped me on a five lap race, no way.
"Sorry sis, you are just shit," he shrugged as he knew how to push my buttons.
"Yeah fuck off," I snapped as I picked up my drink. I was competitive and wanted to shove his smugness down his throat, but I knew I was far too pissed to beat him and if we continued I had may as well metaphorically bend over and let him fuck me up the ass for the rest of the night.
"You done?" he asked, his face all smug and so punchable
"Yeah," I muttered, "Bum is sore enough," I said flashing him a look that we used when we were done and to back off.
"Eh?" he asked.
"You just lapped me on a 45 second lap in a five lap race," I said, "Figuratively speaking an eight race ass humping."
He just grinned at me as he placed his controller down and switched the console off. "Do you do anal?" he asked.
"Erm, no," I said.
"Fair enough," he said as he got up, "Drink?"
"Nar, I am okay," I said holding my still half full glass up.
He came back in and sat on the sofa again. I couldn't help but watch him as he sat, curiosity had got the better of me. I hadn't seen his underwear all night as he sat and stood so carefully, and I was starting to wonder if he was naked under the dressing gown. I started being careful, but I had bikini's a lot smaller than these panties so as the vodka went down my caution decreased. "What do you wanna do?" I asked him as I tucked my legs up underneath myself and rested on the arm of the sofa.
"Dunno," he shrugged glancing at my bare legs and back up to my face again, "You?"
"Not Mario Kart," I grinned.
"Football?" he asked.
"Nar, too drunk for video games I think," I said.
"Cards?" he asked.
"Sure, not for money though," I said.
"Okay," he said shrugging, "What instead? Matchsticks?"
"Yeah, anything," I said, "Back in a sec," I added as I got up and went to the bathroom.
I collected the cards on the way back passed my room and placed them on the table. He took them from the pack and shuffled them before dealing. "Black Jack?" he asked.
"Sure," I said throwing in two of my 20 match sticks.
It didn't go well, Black Jack was just maths and playing the house, but as there was no house as such and any draws we just carried over the stake to the next game you felt compelled to take another card when you statistically shouldn't. He spanked me, pants down ass red raw I quickly lost my matchsticks and he just grinned at me. "Yeah yeah, shush," I said before he even said anything, "Give me them back," I said as I took the sticks and counted them between us.
I was more cautious this time and the game was a lot closer. It quickly got stale though with just two players and we both began to start to lose interest. "Lets spice things up," he said looking at me.
"How so?" I asked as I threw in two sticks and took a card.
"What are you wearing?" he asked me.
"Shirt and pan..." I began as I stopped mid word and looked at him, "No way," I said as I saw his expression.
"Dressing gown and boxers," he said, "Even."
"Really? You want to play a strip game with your sister?" I asked him unsure whether to be excited or disgusted.
"Yeah, why not," he shrugged trying to be nonchalant.
"I dunno," I said staring at him, "Isn't it a bit... well... weird?"
"After seeing you the other day it is just... I dunno," he said looking at me.
"You have a crush on me?" I asked, "That doesn't help the "weird" thing you know."
"Ew, no, nothing like that," he said, "Just, curious, you know, what is what."
"You want a show and tell?" I asked him, still unsure if I was totally weirded out or turned on.
"Yeah, show me yours I'll show you mine," he said.
"Go on then," I said which took him by surprise. "You first though," I added.
"Really?" he said looking at me.
"Yeah," I shrugged, "You first and I will go second," I said.
He looked at me and hesitated for a second or two. He was playing the situation over in his head as he worked out the likely outcomes and potential tricks. Worst case was he got naked, I laughed and teased him for weeks while not keeping up my side of the bargain. Best case, he saw me naked again and this time without hands covering the good bits.
After a few seconds he must have come to the conclusion that the gains outweighed the potential pitfalls and he stood up. He took off his dressing gown and dropped it to the floor. He was wearing loose boxers and nothing else. His stomach could do with a few more hours in the gym, but he didn't have a bad body. He looked at me, and I just looked back at him giving nothing away in my expression. He hooked his fingers into the elastic of his boxers and much to my surprise he slid them down. "Oh wow," I exclaimed as my eyes locked onto my brothers cock, "I cant believe you just did that," I said as I tore my eyes away from him.
"Your turn," he said as he covered himself with his hands.
"Nar, show and tell," I said, "What is what?"
"You know what is what," he said as he stood with his hands firmly cupped in front of him.
"Yeah, I do," I shrugged, "But show and tell."
He uncovered himself again and pointed out his penis and testicles as well as his scrotum and pubes. I couldn't help but giggle, it as so childish, it is what curious kids do when they first discover the opposite sex is different to them. Yet here we were, late teens and doing a show and tell of our bodies. "Your turn," he said.
"Yeah yeah," I said as I stood up. I lifted my t-shirt off and exposed my breasts for him. With no hesitation I slid the panties to the floor and stood back up with my hands by my side. His eyes went on stalks as he saw me naked again.
I am not body shy and didn't mind showing it off. I didn't tend to do it in situations like this, but I looked after myself and did ample exercise so I did look pretty good naked. My petite frame with the slight curves that come with being female were for all to see. My breasts were small, but pert. Even totally unsupported and exposed they held easily against the pull of gravity, my small dime sized areola tightening in the cool air as my small nipples stiffened and stood off my chest. My flat stomach ran down to my hips and being hairless there was no where to hide. Even with my legs firmly closed the natural bridge between them perfectly outlined the shape of my vagina and the slit between my legs.
My brother just stared, he didn't say anything, he just stared at me as I stood in front of him with nothing on. Even though I was his sister his body reacted how any teenage male does when he sees a naked girl and I watched his penis twitch and begin to rise up. "Not that drunk then?" I grinned at him as he looked down and covered himself up.
"Let it," I replied, "Lets see it, I'm not covering."
He hesitated for a second, but removed his hands from in front of his semi erect penis. I watched him get harder, his soft member slowly filling and rising up to its full size. He was a grower, barely three inches long when flaccid he grew to a decent 7 inches in less than a minute. "Nice," I observed noting that he was not circumcised. I had never seen a real one that was not circumcised and the extra skin was intriguing.
"Small?" he asked.
"You? No way," I added as he nodded his head, "Isn't like 5 inches the average length?"
"Dunno," he shrugged.
"Bigger than I have ever had," I replied honestly. I had never had any complaints with ex boyfriends with size and none had been over 5 inches.
All the attention on his erection zapped his confidence and he lost the erection, quickly shrinking back down to resting size of a few inches. They were so awesome, in a very pervy way I would love to have one of my own just to play with. "Do your nipples get hard?" he asked me.
"Yeah, if excited or cold," I said as I pinched my left one and pulled it slightly. It reacted instantly and stood to attention.
"Is that as big as they get?" he asked watching me intently.
"Yeah," I said as I smiled at him, "Unlike those dirty videos, I would look pretty weird with inch diameter nipples standing off my tiny tits."
"They are nice," he said as he looked at them.
Now it was my turn to get a little shy. He knew that my breasts size has always been one of my body hang ups. I am no where near as self conscious as I was about them as I was quite badly bullied at school by the girls who were more gifted in that department, but I am still aware that I don't have the biggest of boobs. I cupped them in my hands and looked him in the eyes. He was genuine and not taking the piss. "Thanks," I said,"Wish they were bigger sometimes."
"Nar, perfect on you," he said still looking at them through my hands, "What size are they?"
"28A," I said.
"Okay," he replied looking more confused, "What actually does 28A mean?"
"28 is the measurement in inches around where the bra band goes," I said as I showed him just under my breasts where you should measure, "The A is the cup size, but that varies make to make and even with different sizes. In some I barely register and can get away what is practically a bra shaped vest, in others I am closer to a B."
"Okay," he said, clearly not really fully getting it, but he didn't ask any further questions so I left it at that.
"So..." I said looking at him, "Naked girl... ask away I guess," I said moving my arms to the side for an unrestricted view.
"So.. erm," he said, "Pussy?" he asked pointing between my legs.
"So to speak," I replied, "Unlike guys who wear it all on the outside, most of the female things are underneath."
I pointed at the labia and the pubis, all clearly visible due to me being hairless as he watched. I sat on the sofa and took a deep breath and opened my legs. I pointed out all the of the various bits of female anatomy while he watched intently. I did note that he was erect again and almost looked like he was throbbing. "It doesn't look very big," he said looking at my vagina opening.
"Thanks," I grinned, "It is pretty elastic and as a girl gets turned on it gets wet and easier to penetrate."
"Are you wet?" he asked.
"No," I replied, "Not really," I added. I was a little bit, I was still horny from my day at work and the memories of that toy that incidentally was still in my bag, but I would not describe myself as wet.
"Not really?" he asked glancing between my legs again that I had now closed.
"Yeah, little bit, but not super turned on," I said, "Unlike you," I added glancing at his very healthy erection.
"Yeah, sorry," he said as he blushed, his penis rock hard and bouncing in rhythm with his heart beat.
"It is fine," I said, "Would be more weird if it wasn't I guess."
"How do you get wet?" he asked.
"Same way you get hard," I shrugged, "Physical attention, thinking about naughty stuff, watching dirty videos. Stuff like that."
"Really?" he said, "Do you watch porn?"
"Sometimes," I replied honestly, "Not loads, but yeah, sometimes. I bet you do."
"Hell yeah," he grinned. "So... will you make yourself wet?"
"Erm," I said hesitantly and looking around the room nervously.
"Don't if you don't want to," he said when he saw my reaction which made my mind up for me. He was so nice, no guy I knew would offer a get of jail free card in this situation, and yet he just had.
"Yeah, I will," I said as I sat back on the sofa and opened my legs again. He didn't say anything, he just watched as I gently stroked myself between the legs slowly working my way up to my clitoris. It didn't take long, I was fairly turned on anyway and the small bit of attention quickly got me excited.
"Okay?" he asked looking at me.
"Yeah," I said opening my legs wider for him which allowed him to see the slight glisten of my wetness.
"What does it feel like?" he asked.
"Warm apple pie," I grinned at him remembering the scene in American Pie where the guy had sex with an apple pie.
"No really," he said looking at me, "What does it feel like?"
"One way to find out," I shrugged which took him by surprise. He stared at me for a full 30 seconds and didn't move. Me sat on the sofa with my legs wide open as he just stared at my face and then between my legs again.
He didn't say anything, he just sat next to me and looked at me. I sank my weight down slightly for an easier angle and watched him as he slowly and cautiously moved his fingers between my legs. He touched me, so delicately and softly, his finger tips stroking through my natural lubrication before he carefully pushed his index finger inside me. I just watched his face, I didn't watch what his finger was doing as the expression on his face change from intrepidation, to surprise, to a strange satisfaction.
"Wow," he said, "It does a bit."
"When was the last time you fingered an apple pie?" I laughed which felt weird with his finger in me. I stared at his penis for several seconds as I considered taking hold of him.
"I would imagine," he clarified disturbing my thoughts of what he felt like. "Does it feel nice?"
"Not really," I replied being honest. "It doesn't feel not nice, but I guess it is just like if a girl holds you. It doesn't feel nice as such."
"I wouldnt know," he said with a look of hope.
I smiled at him and down at his erection. I hesitated for a second but reached towards him and gently wrapped my fingers around him. His breathing stuttered as my fingers wrapped around him. I didn't move my hand, I just held him. "Does that feel nice?" I asked him, "Like.. you know nice?"
He stared at my hand for a second before he looked at me, "Not really," he said, "Not not nice, but not nice as such."
"Yeah, same," I smiled at him as I stared at his cock that looked so big in my small hand.
It was then he decided to slowly curl his finger inside me and move it in and out slightly. He watched intently what he was doing as he gently fingered me on the sofa. I watched him for a few seconds before taking hold of his wrist urgently. "Yeah that feels nice," I said, "Weird you doing it, sorry," I added looking into his eyes apologetically as I let go of him as well.
"Sorry," he said as he instantly removed his finger from inside me and stared at it for a while.
"Doesn't taste too bad," I said, "Go on."
He did, tentatively licking his finger and tasting my juices as he did so. His expression indicating a surprised acknowledgement of my assessment of it not being too bad. We stayed naked for another 30 minutes, just talking and laughing with each other. "Any other questions?" I asked.
"Just the pervy ones," he grinned at me.
"Go on," I replied rolling my eyes and sticking my tongue out.
"What do you wear in bed?" he asked.
"Honestly it depends on time of year and the temperature," I replied, "Tonight I will probably just wear some panties."
"Do you ever sleep naked?" he asked.
"Not often. Only if it is really warm or if I am with someone," I replied to which he just grinned, "Do you still sleep naked?" I asked.
"Usually yeah," he said, "I just find it more comfortable."
"Fair enough," I replied.
"Do you spit or swallow?" he asked.
"Spit," I said.
"Have you ever tried anal sex?" he asked.
"Yeah," I replied.
"Do you not like it?" he asked me.
"It isn't too bad," I said, "It just feels weird. I will loan you a dildo, stick it up your own and see how you feel about it."
"Pass," he grinned, "How many dildos do you have?"
"More than one," I replied with a smile which he read correctly as there was no further detail being shared on that subject.
"Have you ever been with a girl?" he asked.
This question took my by surprise. It shouldn't have, but for some reason I was not expecting it. Being blind sided made me hesitate for a couple of seconds and he instantly picked up on it. "Who?" he asked, "Hanna? Oh wow, please say Hanna."
I just nodded, "Yeah, Hanna," I said quietly.
"Fuck off?" he said staring at me, "Seriously?"
"Don't tell anyone,"I said, "Please."
"Yeah, shit, course not," he said, "Fuck me that is so awesome. How far have you gone?"
"Pretty far," I said feeling myself blush.
"Full on licking?" he asked to which I nodded, "What does she look like when she cums?"
"Now that that is none of your business," I smiled at him.
"Any videos?" he grinned at me.
"Surprisingly not," I laughed although we have each done a Beautiful Agony type video of each other, a copy of each being on our phones, "Perv," I added.
"Fucking hell, you and Hanna," he said staring at me, "Are you two like together?"
"Nar, nothing that that. To be crude I guess we are just fuck buddies, nothing serious," I said, "Are you not curious?"
"With guys?" he asked to which I just nodded. "Not really," he said shrugging.
I stood up and put my panties back on as he continued to grill me on Hanna. He has always fancied her and a common male fantasy is girl on girl, so I guess he would be cumming over that image a little bit later. "Do you want a drink?" he asked when I refused to give him any intimate details of Hanna with no clothes on.
"Sure, milkshake please, bedtime I think," I said as I got up and checked the front door was locked. It was, but we maybe should have checked that before we got naked in the living room.
We went upstairs and into our respective rooms. I so wanted to watch him play with himself, which I was 99% sure he would be. The only thing that stopped me was not that he was my brother and that would be really weird, but the fact that if I asked and he let me, the same would be expected of me, and I really didn't want him to see me have an orgasm. I don't know why, but it just felt like a step too far, not that him fingering me wasn't a step too far, but watching each other masturbate seemed a little too weird.
I laid on my bed and opened my legs. I stroked a finger between my legs and then inside me. Adding a second finger straight away I went as deep as I could. Squeezing hard on my nipples I gently rubbed at my clit with my thumb as I fingered myself. The walls in our house were thin, but our rooms didn't share a wall, so unless I screamed the house down he wouldnt hear anything. I was going to use a toy, but I didn't last long enough. The build up from earlier plus the evening events overwhelmed all of my self control and I came quickly. Gasping for air as I rubbed furiously at my clit, it was not romantic or sensual, it was just a hard and fast orgasm and I loved it. Moaning softly to myself I shuddered and twitched on my back to climax feeling my excitement against my fingers as I came.
"Wow," I whispered to myself as I laid on my back with my legs wide open and fully naked. I stayed in that position until my breathing returned to normal when I rolled onto my side and got up. I put a pair of panties on and opened my door. I listened for a few seconds and when I was satisfied that my brother was asleep, or at least in his room I rushed downstairs. I grabbed my bag and more importantly the Ohmibod and ran back upstairs again. I unpacked it and slid it into my underwear as I downloaded the app to my phone. Easily pairing the device to my phone I tapped the random function. "Oh yes," I whispered to myself as it sprang to life between my legs.
Clitoral stimulation was what did it for me, I would happily never get penetrated again as long as I had ready access to a vibrator and the more I used this vibrator the more I loved it. Ripples of pleasure danced across my clit and across my entrance as it pulsed and buzzed in my underwear. It was so quiet, I couldn't work out if it was really advanced and quiet, or if the location of it was so direct it could achieve such pleasure with less intense vibration. Either way, fuck me, it was nice. I flopped onto the bed before my legs gave way and I ended up in an undignified orgasming heap on the floor. Laying on my back I rubbed and squeezed my nipples as I slowly lost control of my own body.
The random was so infuriatingly awesome, bringing me so close to orgasm and then fading away to a less intense buzz just before I tipped over the edge almost felt like it was sentient. Squeezing and pulling at my nipples until pleasure turned to pain I heard myself cry out in frustration as once again it denied my climax. Aware of how loud I had been I checked the door urgently, but ripples between my legs blurred my vision as I felt my eyes roll up into the back of my head. "Fuuuuuuuuuuck," I breathed as an almost silent breath.
My back arched and my legs twisted together, my hands squeezing my nipples as I climaxed. I heard myself gasp and moan audibly as I shuddered to an intense orgasm. Rocking my hips in time with the waves of my own pleasure I humped against the invisible force that was between my legs. It didn't stop, it was set to random, normally at orgasm I stop and let myself come down, but set to automatic and random it kept going and so did my orgasm. Gasping for air and control I flopped onto my back, my arms outstretched to each side of me as I laid on my back in a starfish position and came again.
I felt the warmth between my legs as my excitement rushed out of me and soaked into my already wet panties. "Shit," I whispered as the vibrator dropped to a less intense speed and pattern and I took the opportunity to push my panties down which allowed it to fall away from my clit and onto the bed.
"Fuck," I whispered as I laid on my back, my panties around the top of my thighs and a still vibrating sex toy rippling against the bed sheets. I reached for the toy and turned it off which caused my phone to light up to indicate the lost connection. "Wow, I think I just wet myself," I said to myself as I regained a grasp of reality and gently touched between my legs.
My clit felt like it was still vibrating between my legs and my tummy felt like I had been on a roller coaster for three hours straight. It didn't know which way was up and down and my orgasm fogged brain didn't care either way.
I laid like that for the best part of 30 minutes, stunned and so sexually satisfied I dozed off a couple of times, only waking up when the wetness of my panties touched my bare skin. I kicked them off and onto the floor where I heard them land they were that wet with my excitement. I rolled over towards my bedside draw and took out a clean pair and just rested my eyes for a few seconds. I fell asleep and only woke up with the rising sun shone through my window. I was still holding the pair of panties and laying in a very unlady like position on my back.
**********
Thank you for reading
All comments welcome