Disclaimer:First of all, this story contains Drug-use with elements of mind control/altered perception. It is not intended to promote its usage or actions within. Secondly, while the story takes place overseas, and most of the characters are not native English speakers, I have made the executive decision to not try and emulate the speech patterns of non-native speakers, nor am I going to try to use much Vietnamese, itself. My own skills in that language are limited, and I do not wish to embarrass myself nor the beauty of the Vietnamese language. So, I hope you will apply a bit of the suspension of disbelief to how fluid these conversations are displayed. Also, this is a slow build story, and somewhat long, so if you are looking for a quick wank, maybe try another story. And finally, this is my first attempt at writing a story like this, so please be kind, I hope you enjoy it.
- - -
Sometimes life can be strange and you find yourself in situations you never thought possible. Some people run when things take a turn, others will ride the tide and wait for life to settle back down, but a small few will dive right in and reap the rewards unclaimed by those who refuse. This story is a vault of possibilities just waiting to be cracked wide open. So sit back and enjoy and light 'em, if you got 'em.
- - -
THE BREAK-UP
- - -
Ben had found himself teaching English in Vietnam for the past five years. What had brought this 30 year old to Vietnam? A sense of adventure? Love of travel? Not being trapped in small-town America like his friends he had grown up with had? What ever the draw, life seemed to be going well. He had built up his own clientele and was making a good living teaching English to High School and University students, while hosting lectures and conferences on the side for those wanting to learn more. The cost of living in Hanoi was low, the food was good, and the locals were friendly. Ben also had a solid group of friends, mostly young professionals and former students who liked having a foreign friend for conversation and parties. But above all, Ben had found the love of his life, Thuy.
A girl out of the mountains, Thuy had come to Hanoi to finish her law degree, but what she had really wanted was an escape. Escape what? Her family? Vietnam? Boredom? The life of a traditional house-wife? Maybe all the above. Ben had met this 23 year old law student at one of his conferences but it wasn't until running into each other at a New Year's Party that they had got together. They enjoyed each others company, sharing each others culture and foods, and traveling around Asia together. And that the sex was great didn't hurt. Their physical relationship started hot, and soon they could not keep their hands off each other.
It turned out Thuy was a bit of an exhibitionist, always trying to push the boundaries just a little bit further. Make-out sessions in front of her family's house after being dropped off on date night, which usually devolved into wild pelting and grinding until being interrupted by her father coming home from work late. Naked pictures and videos being taken on weekend getaways up in the mountains. Hours long Mantric sex-a-tons on the roof of Ben's apartment in view of anyone looking out their window in the high-rises surrounding them. And even once, full on fucking on a charter bus in the back seat after they had not seen each other for a month. The relationship was wild, until it wasn't.
They had been together for three years, both had professed their love for the other, and settled down into a comfortable relationship. Perhaps that was the problem. Thuy was not one for settling down. She wanted excitement and adventure, and apparently dating a foreigner she claimed to love wasn't enough. She wanted her own adventure and she wanted to do it by herself. So after three years together, she dropped the bomb on Ben, telling him she had gotten a job as an Au-pair in France, living in some man's house taking care of his kids. This of course did not mean she did not love Ben, nor did she want to break up, she just wanted an adventure of her own and that she would definitely come back to him and they could be together. But spoiler-alert kids, long-distance relationships NEVER work.
So she went, and in the beginning things were fine. Hard, but fine. They would call or write each other every night, talk about their days, sites they had seen, people they had met, and even have the occasional booty "call". Ben knew Thuy would flourish there. She was a cute, little, Asian girl, new to the country with wide eyes and a desire to learn as much as possible. Who wouldn't want to get to know her. Then the phone calls and texts started to get fewer and farther between. She had met a group of friends who invited her out more and more, showing her the wonders of a French night-life.
Then after six months, it happened. Coming back drunk from a party one night, Thuy accidentally sent Ben a message meant for someone else."Hey baby, I'm not going to call him tonight so you can come on over, the dad's already asleep."
Long-story short, it turns out Thuy was flourishing a bit too much there and had met some nice French gentlemen, more than willing to show her a good time.
Ben was devastated. He wasn't dumb, he knew this could happen. She was a sexually-adventurous, wild beast, and going six months without getting fucked was asking a lot. But for his part, Ben had been on his best behavior, and finding out that not only had she been cheating, but she was lying to him about it. It left him shattered. It came out in arguments later that there was more than one guy - and even a couple of girls - she had been "exploring the French countryside" with. Arguments turned to fights, and fights turned into silence. Needless to say, things were over between the two. Ben blocked her numbers and emails, not wanting to know more about what she got up to. Thuy was free to explore all she wanted, happy that she would get to live her life as she saw fit. And Ben got to pick up the pieces of his life left in shambles.
This is where our story starts.
- - -
THE PUB
- - -
March, 2017
It had been a few months since the break up, and I had only left my apartment for work and food, otherwise it had been video games, movies, and bottles of rice wine at home to pass the time. Until, that is, my best buddy, Minh, stopped by one evening to drag me out of my stupor.
"You can't let her keep you down forever, man. Vietnam is full of hotties all just waiting to meet you." Minh told me as he put the cork back in the bottle of wine. "It's Friday night, you and I are hitting the town. I have a surprise for you and I know you will love it. So put some pants on, and make yourself presentable. We are going out!" God love him. Minh was a law professor and a part time lawyer on the side, with a sharp dress sense and an ego that made him think he was God's gift to women. The funny thing was, women thought so too. He always said he was on the search for Mrs. Right, but that search seemed to go on forever. Every week he would introduce me to another hot co-ed he had fallen in love with. He told me she was perfect and that they would make beautiful babies together, only to be replaced by the next Mrs. Perfect the following week. Every once in a while I met the same woman twice, but rarely much more than that. And they all seemed crazy about him too.
Because of this, he didn't understand why I needed time, nor why it wasn't as easy for me to pick up girls. OK, to be fair, I had let myself go a bit. Break-ups do that to me, but I had never exactly been Casanova to begin with. I had a few relationships before Thuy, but mostly my experience had been hook-ups at parties and awkward one-night stands. Otherwise, I was usually described as "like a brother" type. I had plenty of friends that were girls, but I usually got friend-zoned pretty fast. Call it "good-guy syndrome", or lack of confidence, or weakness; whatever, I thought of it as respect and not wanting to treat women like pieces of meat. However, post-breakup, I wasn't in the most respectful of attitudes, and it had been long enough, I was ready to maybe try and get back out there. Even if that meant going out with Minh to one of his sleazy, underground (I.e. less than legal) karaokes or massage parlors.
You see, Hanoi is a beautiful place to live and a great place to visit, but as the Capital of Vietnam, the local government doesn't want the city to get a reputation like Bangkok or even Saigon where international tourist go primarily for parties and sex, so they rein in the night-life as much as they can. Bars, clubs, Bia Hoi's, cafes, discos, whatever, are all closed by midnight and the local police roam around the touristy areas at night making sure things don't get too rowdy for all the family-friendly tourists trying to sleep. That is unless you know where to go, and unfortunately Minh always knew where to go.
Behind the scenes, outside of the touristy areas of the city, are a number of underground karaokes, massage parlors, and night-clubs run by local organizations that...lets say, watched the Godfather one too many times, and have managed to grease enough palms where the establishments are able to stay open as long as they want. This also means that these underground businesses (sometimes literally under-ground), have next to no rules. You want girls? No problem. Drugs? Sure, why not. You want to fuck on a couch right in the middle of the dance floor? Who's gonna stop you? Not the cops, that's for sure.
But we are getting ahead of ourselves. As it turns out, Minh had something alittlecleaner in mind for my first night back on the town. So, after I got my pants on and cleaned up bit - or rather I just tossed on a baseball cap - we were out on our motorbikes, heading to a pub. An Irish Pub as it turned out. I hadn't realized but it was St. Patrick's Day, and we were walking into an establishment that best described as a cartoonish example of cross-cultural appropriation. The place called itself an Irish pub, and they definitely were celebrating St. Paddy's, or at least there were a lot of green decorations on the walls and hanging from the ceiling. What hit me most, however, as we walked in the door, was that all of the waitresses were in uniform. Kind of. All were young and beautiful Vietnamese women, wearing tight green tube tops, with shamrocks splattered across their chests, and either in plaid mini-skirts showing off their well formed legs, or sparkling skin-tight green yoga pants accentuating their asses. Some were wearing those wobbling shamrock head-bopper things, while others wore little leprechaun hats, or simply had on green headbands. They had also been painted up in face paint with shamrocks, hearts, stars, and leprechauns, whatever, on their cheeks. A bit over the top maybe, but the view was still appealing. The Pub was not big, maybe enough for 10 tables, but the place was packed, what it being the busiest day of the year for an Irish Pub, no matter the country its in, and the party had already spilled out onto the street. But Minh, being Minh, was way ahead of me. He walked in the door, had a word with the Hostess at the front, and soon enough we had our own booth against the side wall, with a great view of the bar.
I was astonished. "How...I mean, damn, dude. How did you do this? I didn't even know what day it was."
"Haha, I knew you'd like it. Remember last year, you took us all out for St. Patrick's Day. You said it was your favorite holiday. I remembered, and I knew you were in desperate need of a fun time. So I booked us a table...among other things." Minh said with a smirk.
"Yea, but what is this place? I didn't even know it was here!"
"Well, its new. A friend of mine just opened it up and I was keeping it as a surprise. Oh! And speak of the Devil." he said, and he stood back up to greet a woman who had just walked over. She was not old, maybe late 20s- early 30s, but she was clearly a woman of importance in this place. She was not wearing the same uniform I had seen on the other waitresses, instead she wore an elegant green pants suit that probably cost more than my apartment. Minh moved in for a quick hug and after some conversation in Vietnamese, he turned back to me. "Ben, this is Mai. Mai, Ben. She runs the place."
I stood up and reached out my hand to shake hers. "Hi, its nice to meet you."
She took my hand, and gave me a warm, but professional smile and said, "It's nice to meet you too. I have heard a LOT about you." While her smile was professional, I saw something darker buried deep behind those eyes, I worried about what she had heard. She spoke with an elegantly "posh" British accent, which usually meant she had learned English from a native Brit, and most likely an expensive one at that.
"Minh here tells me you have been having a bad time of it lately, so we are here to make sure you have a good time tonight." She threw a wink at Minh who smirked back at her. I just glared at him. "I'll make sure my girls treat you like the very special customer you are." She gave me that same smile again. My stomach twisted, not sure what Minh had set up.
"Please, sit. Enjoy. I will be busy tonight, but I will have drinks brought to the table. Everything has been taken care of, so just have fun tonight."
Minh and I both gave her our thanks as she gracefully turned and sauntered off. We sat back down and I gave him a look.
"What have you done?" I asked him under my breath as he watched her sway back through the crowd.
"What? Me?" He gave me a feign look of hurt, "Nothing! Much. Mai's just a special friend of mine, and she's doing me...us...a favor."
"Another girlfriend?" I asked.
"No, but not from a lack of trying. She's too much woman, even for me. She owns this place, and a few others spread around town. Connected in all the right places, if you know what I mean. Not someone I would fuck around with and piss off." He laughed.
"Any woman you fuck with eventually gets pissed off." I throw back at him. "And don't change the subject, what are you two planning anyway?"
"Hey! Not always. Giao still likes me."
"Giao, works for you, she has to like you. Or pretend to at least."
"Not fair, my friend. Not fair at all."
I couldn't help but noticed he was ignoring my question, but our conversation was interrupted anyway by a very lovely sight. Three of the waitresses emerged from the crowd like it was merely a haze of smoke, not a wall of bodies all trying to reach the bar. They approached our table, each wearing smiles that would brighten up the Sun. They all wore the same skin tight top I had noticed earlier, one was in green yoga pants, while the other two wore plaid mini-skirts, one green and blue, the other black and red. As they stopped at the head of our table, I saw that one carried a bottle of whiskey and a few glasses, another had her arms full of beer bottles, while the third carried a briefcase.
Their smiles aimed at me, the one in the yoga pants and carrying the whiskey said. "Hi, Mai sent us over with some drinks. My name is Amber, and these are my friends Cici and Hong." Motioning to each of her friends turn. My eyes turned to the girl in the green and blue skirt carrying the briefcase - Cici - who gave a cute little curtsy and almost blushed. The skirt was really working with her hips and legs.
"Can we join you?" Amber asked, as they settled their bottles on our table. Her English was not as refined as it could be, but this was not an issue. I had been in Vietnam for years, teaching English to people of all different levels of the language, and I knew a bit of Vietnamese myself so communication was rarely an issue, especially when I had a friend with me to translate if needed.
Regardless, I sat stunned, unable to find my tongue for a moment, but Minh through his ever present smirk, nodded and slid over the booth making space in between us. "Please, join us. I am Minh and once my friend remembers how to talk will introduce himself as Ben."
The girls smiled again and sat down. Amber sat in between Minh and I, with Cici to my right and Hong to Minh's left. We made our introductions and handshakes as the girls settled in. Amber seemed to be the talker of the group, most likely happy to practice her English. She was taller than most Vietnamese girls I had met, with a bit of that "take-charge" mentality about her. Her face was round, with sharp cheek bones that stood out and emphasized her ruby red lips and chin. But it was her eyes that drew my notice. Acute, dark brown, and mischievous, her gaze would bare into my soul every time she looked at me through square glasses which sat perfectly on top her cheeks. Her dark brown hair had streaks of lighter brown mixed in. It was long and straight until it curled at the tips to accentuate the roundness of her face. She had a long, smooth neck which drew ones gaze straight down to her chest, which - while not large - was perfectly shaped to her body.
When Amber moved to get to her spot passed me, and I caught a look at her from behind and I froze. The yoga pants she wore outlined her ass flawlessly. It was small and tight and perfectly heart-shaped, I could have bounced a damn coin off it. As she squeezed between me and the table, I could see every muscle tighten on her cheeks and realized she wasn't even wearing underwear. Her hips slid over my lap and her perfect little butt gave a little wiggle while she did. Then she sat down on the bench and gave me a devious little smile and took my baseball cap off my head, put it on her own and said "I'm keeping this."
"For now, maybe." I laughed as shook my hand through my hair, trying to get rid of any hat-hair.
On my right, Cici slid down close to me, her legs touching mine and she set the briefcase on the table in front of her. It seemed to me that she had a very different style than Amber. While Amber was tall and sleek like gazelle and about as playful, Cici was more like a lioness; strong, beautiful, and regal. She had on a bit more weight than the average Vietnamese woman, by which I mean she didn't look like she starved herself her whole life, but instead of looking over weight, she had a much more shapely form. A much larger chest than most, more than a couple hands could handle, and hips that men would kill for. Her hair was longer than Amber's and was deep black, with the tips dyed green. She had a round face with thick, plush red lips that I couldn't look away from. She was quiet and mostly kept her head down, her eyes constantly moving to the case in front of her. But when our eyes did occasionally meet, they looked round and shy, almost sad, and she would stare for a moment before blushing and diverting her eyes back down to the case. Her hands were constantly fidgeting in the pocket formed by her shapely legs crossed together under her skirt, her fingers rolling together in what might have been a nervous tick. Her shy demeanor only made her look more luscious.
I didn't get a great look at Hong - the girl on Minh's left - at first, but from what I could tell she was a runner, or maybe more like a fast, little bunny. She was short and compact, with an oval face. Her hair was short and light brown, tied up tightly in a bun and thick eyebrows which only drew attention to her eyes, small and narrow like the rest of her. But it was her lips when she smiled that warmed men's hearts and tightened their pants. You could tell she had a mouth on her, and she knew how to use it. She wore a choker on her throat with a little broken-heart charm in the middle, sending a message to the world, that she was something worth chasing, but the chase would not be easy. Minh was infatuated in an instant.
Amber took charge of our little group, leading the small talk and trying to get to know one another, while Cici arranged the glasses and opened the bottle of whiskey, pouring a heavy dose into the glasses in front of us, while Hong passed out the beer. Now here's the thing about drinking in Vietnam, it's a lot. For those of you who have not traveled much outside their home countries, they might not realize drinking culture can differ drastically from one country to another. While in the West (or rather the US or Europe), drinking is more a personal endeavor (taking sips whenever you like) with the occasional group toast where everyone drinks together, and there is a built in break time between drinks as you have to go get more from the bar. In Vietnam, however, every sip is another toast, one-on-one between the two people in conversation with the bottle sitting right at the table. At the start of each separate discussion the two in conversation start with another shot, and the glass never seems to be empty long before it is refilled.
So there I was sitting between two beautiful women very interested in keeping me company and asking me questions, but the start of each question began with another shot. Toast. Handshake. Question. Answer. Toast. Handshake. Question. Answer. Rinse and repeat. The questions were typical. Where are you from? How old are you? What do you do? How long have you been in Vietnam? Do you have a girlfriend? Blah, blah, blah. The last of which I tried to dodge as noncommittally as I could, until Minh, who - hearing the question - pried himself away from his own close discussion with Hong, and loudly told them all how my heart had just been broken. Cue the expectant "awwws" and "ohh, what happened???" I glared at Minh, but tried to answer as indifferently as I could, about how we had grown apart and our lives were going separate ways, the usual B.S.
"She ran away to Europe, and started fucking every guy she met." Minh blurted out. I could tell the whiskey had already been getting to him. He tended to get louder and more direct the more drinks he had.
I tried not to look like a wounded animal, but I could hardly deny what he had said. I tried to laugh it off, but Amber set her hand on my leg and said "We have all been there, haven't we Cici?" Which earned her a glare of her own from her friend before Cici's eyes went back down to her bag. "Don't let that horrible girl hurt you." Amber went on. "Relationships come and go, but there is always the proper medicine for each hurt." She took her hand away, and raised her glass in a toast. "To Medicine!" We all took our shots, laughing.
All of us, except Cici, who just sipped her beer and rolled her eyes. She had been quiet so far and I tried to bring her into the conversation. "Not a big whiskey drinker?" I asked.
A quiet "No" was all I got. I figured either her English skills were not great or her confidence was not up to having a full conversation. So I went on more slowly.
"If you would like something else, we can find something."
Her eyes flashed back to the case. "No, it's ok. I don't drink much". But she did take over the roll of server more than participant in the drinking or the conversations, making sure none of our glasses ever stayed empty long. At first, I thought she might not be that interested in the discussion, but every time I was talking to Amber, Cici would look up and study our conversation in wrapped attention only looking away back to that damned case whenever my eyes moved towards her. She was attentive to our glasses, however. Mine would barely be out of my hand before Cici made to refill it. All while she was sitting so close to me our legs never parting. She had long, beautiful legs under that mini-skirt, and every time she would move them, they would slide along side my own and my eyes would be drawn right back down to them.
For a while, the conversation stayed mostly perfunctory, Minh was chatting away with Hong in Vietnamese, and Amber seemed interested in practicing her English. Occupational hazard, I guess, of being an English teacher in a foreign country, all the beautiful girls just want to "practice their English". But I was able to find out a bit about her. She was working as a hostess at a few different bars like this one, and on occasion she was a Promotional Girl (girls hired by companies, in this case a big name beer brand, to go to bars, and convince customers - I.e, Men - to buy their product. Go figure, these girls were usually hot!). She was also recently single. Guys tended not to like the idea that her job was mostly to flirt with other guys and drink with them. So by my estimation, that meant she was basically a professional flirt.
"They just want me to quit and get married and have kids. You know, the "proper" Vietnamese wife. But I'm still young and am having too much fun!" She emphasized this by laying her hand on my upper thigh again and gave it a little squeeze. "More whiskey?"
Ok, I blushed. But I took the offered drink and gulped it down. This girl was definitely good at her job.
I turned my attention back to Cici, hoping to learn more about her. "Do you work at other bars too?"
She turned towards me and answered "No, I don't work here. I have my own business. Mai is a friend of mine, and I am just helping her out here tonight."
"What kind of business?" I responded.
"You know, just selling stuff." But I noticed her eyes flicked back to the briefcase.
On my other side, Amber leaned in close to me and whispered in my ear, "She sells drugs" and then sat back with a giggle.
I looked back to Cici, eyebrows raised "Oh."
Cici rolled her eyes again as she looked down to the case, which must be filled with her product. Now, I'm not a prude or anything. I did my time at a State University and was in a fraternity, so I was no stranger to experimentation, but things were a little different when you were living in a foreign country. The rules were different here in Vietnam especially. I had heard some horror stories about what the government did to Traffickers they had caught. The stories didn't usually end well. So I let the conversation drop.
I was going to change the topic and ask Amber something dumb, like her taste in movies or TV, or something else equally pointless, but she was now busy trying to interrupt Minh and Hong's conversation. Minh had his arm wrapped over Hong's shoulder whispering in her ear and she was nestled snugly in his chest with a cute, little smile on those beautiful lips. Obviously, they were hitting it off, and Amber wanted to see if she could mess with them. She said something in rapid Vietnamese but the only word I caught was "slut", and Hong drew away with a shocked look on her face, and started arguing back. I looked at Minh who seemed to be trying to hold back a laugh. Amber and Hong continued to banter back and forth, Hong's face getting redder, and Minh started coughing to hide the laughs.
My focus was drawn away by a disturbance at the front of the bar. Three neighborhood police officers had just walked in and were doing a round of the bar. I stiffened and then glanced at Cici, noticing that the briefcase was gone from the table.
She looked back at me and just smiled. "Don't worry, they are just shaking down the bar, looking for their cut of tonight's profit."
She must have been right, because all they did was walk around the place for a minute or so, then went over to the bar, where I saw them talking with Mai. Then they just walked out. That was it. If money changed hands, I didn't see it. Maybe this was more of them just gauging the crowd to see what their cut would be later tonight. Definitely none of my business.
As they left, I saw Mai follow them out and after a couple minutes she came back and said loudly to the whole bar, "Alright, they are gone!"
The atmosphere in the bar changed. People all around us cheered and started pulling out cigars and joints, lighting up right where they stood. Cici pulled the briefcase back out from where ever she had stashed it, and laid it on the table. She then opened it up, and...damn. Inside, I saw a couple of fat bags of green that I knew was weed, and a couple of other bags of white powder. But the rest of the case was stuffed with medicine bottles filled with pills. Apparently Cici was open for business, and she had plenty of that. For the next half hour or so, people kept coming up to her getting whatever they needed. I watched the process, but I didn't bother asking too many question. Because first, in my experience, drug dealers don't like people asking too many questions, it made them nervous; and second, I didn't have that many questions about her inventory anyway.
The pills held no interest for me, I was never really one for pharmaceuticals, and the powder could only have been a couple of different things. But what really got my attention was the weed. It had been years since I last smoked, and I did kind of miss it. It didn't help that every time she opened one of the fat green bags to weigh out however much her customer wanted, I got a great big whiff of the stank emanating out. It smell wonderful. But sadly, it also went quickly. I watched as her case got lighter with each sale, eventually whittling down to the last couple of bottles, and some shake at the bottom of the bags. I was a little disappointed I hadn't jumped in sooner, but I figured I was more than happy with just the whiskey.
I looked over to Minh, who ignored the whole business, but he did catch my eye and rolled his. I knew he was more of a booze man himself, but he wasn't a party-pooper either, and didn't say anything about what was going on. Amber, however, had gotten excited when the case opened up, but she waited for the crowd to die back down before she leaned across me and asked Cici, "Were you able to find them?"
"Of course I did." Cici smiled and reach into a back pocket of the case and pulled out a baggie with maybe a couple dozen pills.
"Yay!" Amber squealed quietly, and she reached over and took the baggie. She opened it, stuck her face in and inhaled the smell, as a dreamy smile spread across her face. "Mmm, Perfect."
She noticed me watching, and winked. Closing the baggie, folding it up and tucking it away some where. "They help me sleep" was all the explanation I got.
I raised my eyebrows, but said nothing.
"And You." Cici said, turning to me. "I already know what ails you. Mai told me all about your problems, so I brought you something special."
She reached into another pocket of the case and pulled out another fat bag of weed, holding it up. "This is my own very special blend, only for a select few and Mai asked me to get you some. I call it 'Desire.'"
She handed it over to me, and I opened the bag to take a sniff. It smelled heavenly, but not like any weed I had ever smelled before. The best I can say is that it smelled like Sex. The buds themselves were puffy and green, but with pink spots all around them and something that looked like sugar had been dusted all over it. My first impression was that it looked like candy.
I closed the bag and to Cici said "Wow, thanks. What do I owe you?"
"Don't worry about it. This one's on the house, a gift from Mai."
I started to argue that it was too much, but Cici went on. "It turns out your Ex has made a few enemies around town, and Mai wanted a little bit of payback."
"By giving me a bag of weed? I mean, its awesome, thank you very much, but I don't see how it pays back anything."
"But I already told you, this is own my very special blend. Itsmagic." She whispered with a musical tone in her voice. She returned to her normal voice. "Well, actually its science, but I'm not going to get into that right now. All you need to know is that anyone you smoke this with will be yours, all yours."
"Anyone?"
"Yep."
"Mine?"
"I call it 'Desire'for a reason." She said, now in a playful tone.
I saw Amber watching us with interest, eyeing my bag. But she only pat her pocket where I knew her pills lie and sat back down with a content look in her eyes. I thanked Cici again, and rolled up the bag to put in my own pocket. I had my doubts, figuring either this was some kind of joke or maybe a really good sales pitch. I mean, I know weed can get people horny, but there's certainly no magic to it, and it definitely doesn't have that effect on everyone. I, myself, usually just curled up and watched movies until I fell asleep; that, or got paranoid. Either way, at least now I had a bag of weed, and I was looking forward to trying it out.
The table settled back down, drinks were poured again, and we got back to the business at hand, getting drunk. While we were doing shots, I saw Cici pull out a smaller bag of weed already shredded and she started rolling a joint. I guess I wasn't going to have to wait after all. However, this bag didn't have the pink spots or sugar on it, so I guess it was just her normal stuff. I saw her hands in her lap rolling the paper and realized that the motion I had seen earlier was not a nervous tick, but actually this same motion. Apparently, this girl could roll joints in her sleep.
As she finished, she held it up to her lips, looked me in the eyes, and licked the rolled up paper to finish the seal. Then took out a lighter and lit the end. She puffed away before passing it along and offered it to me. I took the joint with my thanks, and took a drag. Yes, I did inhale. I even tried to hold it, but it all came rushing out as I started coughing. The sensation hit me immediately as my head started to spin as I continued to cough.
"Sorry [COUGH], its been a while [COUGH]." After I managed to get a hold of myself, I took another drag, smaller this time, and passed it along to Amber, still trying to control my coughing.
Eyes sparkling, Amber took it and hit it like a pro, putting me to shame and gave me an exaggeratedly proud look as the smoke trailed from the side of her lips and nose, her eyes locked on mine. When she was done she offered it to Minh, but he just passed it to Hong instead, who eagerly took her own turn. And so the evening went. We continued to chat, drink, and smoke, and just enjoy each others company. Amber had scooted up even closer to me and took my arm is hers while we chatted, sometimes she even rested her head on my shoulder before lifting it up again to shoot out some comment directed at one of her friends. And I even noticed that Cici was more talkative now that she was high, but she still wasn't very interested in talking about herself.
Eventually, Cici reached over and poured the last of the whiskey into my glass and we toasted together. Well I toasted, she was just toasted. I told her as much and she snorted, which I thought was pretty funny, and started me laughing, which set off Amber, and soon the whole table was just laughing for no particular reason. Then a man's voice rose above the hum of other voices in the bar calling out Last Call.
I looked down at my watch and disappointingly realized it was already 11:50, late night by Vietnamese standards. Shame, I was having a good time, and wanted to see where things would go from here. I had not cracked the enigma that was Cici, and I wanted to know more about her, who was this drug-dealing goddess? With her quiet demeanor and her shapely legs, not to mention her giant tits, she certainly intrigued me, and it turns out that after a little weed, she even got a bit more excitable. Then there was Amber in her skin-tight yoga pants and her tight,tightass. She seemed to be into me which could lead to wild possibilities, but I had to remember she got paid to flirt with guys. Even so, her arm was still entwined with mine, her fingers making soft circles over my forearm. She was definitely a tease, but hey if I played my cards right...
It looked like Minh already was in with Hong. They were tightly snuggled up together, sneaking kisses when they thought no one was looking, and occasionally he would whisper something in her ear and she would giggle. But the bar started emptying out and I figured I had missed my chance, for tonight at least, and was about to start my good-night speech with the "maybe I'll see you again sometime" when the bar manager Mai walked over to our table.
"So, how'd we do?" Mai said as she lifted the empty bottle. Ah, shame. Made it though only one bottle Minh."
"Sorry, Mai." Minh responded, "We were having too much fun getting to know each other. Plus, you know I like tequila better."
"Well then, I will have a bottle of tequila waiting for you at Next Stop."
"Next stop?" I perked up at this. Maybe our night wasn't as over as it seemed. Amber's arm tightened in mine and she look down, pinched a finger on my arm, and plucked out an arm hair.
"Ow!" She just giggled at my reaction.
"Yes, I have another little place outside the city called 'Next Stop'. You guys can head over there now; that is, if you are not too tired." Mai challenged us.
"I don't know, Mai." Minh retorted, looking back to Hong, "We were thinking of calling it early tonight."
"You should come to Next Stop. The girls are coming. You'll have fun, I promise."
"Well then, I guess that settles it. Ladies need a ride?" Minh asked the girls. Both Amber and Hong jumped up excitedly.
"We'll go get changed and get our stuff. Wait for us." And they skipped off.
I turned to Cici, "Are you coming too?"
"Oh yes. I'll be there. I got to finish up some things with Mai, and restock my case. But don't worry, I'll be along shortly. As she got up to follow the other two, she shot me a glowing smile as she said, "See you there." She leaned down and kiss me on the cheek. And as she did she gave me a great view down her shirt. She turned and swayed her hips as she walked to the back room, giving me another great view of her walking away.
"Damn." I muttered, and turned to Minh as he gave me back a smirk.
"I think she likes you." He said.
"Which one?"
He just laughed as he got up and "You can figure that out later, come on, lets settle up and get ready."
We paid for the table and the drinks, which was more expensive then I was used to, but still cheaper than one would expect back home for such a personalized table service. Plus, I had gotten a free bag ofmagicweed out of the deal, so I figured we were more than square. I double checked to make sure I still had the bag. I did. And we made our way to the door to wait for the girls. It took longer than I expected, figuring they were just grabbing a jacket and their bags, but they were gone probably a half hour. Long enough for me to come down from my high and start thinking that we had gotten played, or left behind.
But just as I was about to bring it up with Minh, and propose that maybe we should just head there alone, or maybe even call it a night, I saw Hong and Amber skipping back towards us, arm in arm. And damn! They looked fine. Apparently, they had taken the last half hour to get out of their grubby work clothes and into something more appropriate for a night out. I noticed Hong first and thought that maybe her running routine, or whatever she did for a workout, was doing wonders for her legs, she had changed into a two-piece dress, with a skirt that could be barely even considered a skirt. It was barely even a belt. She might not be very top heavy, but fuck! Her legs did all the heavy lifting she needed. And her ass looked fantastic as she bounced up into Minh's arms and gave him a hug. Ok, fine. I definitely looked. But any man - and probably a lot of the ladies - would have too. The girl was cute.
But I only stared for a moment, before I felt a pair of arms come from behind me and wrap around my chest. I turned and looked down to see Amber standing right up on my back, still wearing my hat, but looking up into my eyes, with that mischievous little look of hers staring right into my soul.
"Ready for some fun tonight?" She asked me.
"I've already been having a fun night."
"Not yet, you haven't." She said as she slowly turned, her arms sliding across my body, her hand momentarily stopping over my chest, and give my shirt a pinch which pulled me towards her like a leash. And then she let go and was walking away. It was only then that I noticed what she was wearing.
My heart stopped.
She was wearing a silk, one-piece, black and white dress that started as a tight choker around her throat that came down her shoulders and crossed over to form an open heart-shaped gap leaving her upper chest bare. The fabric wrapped under her arms and covered just enough of her chest to be passably considered modest. She might not have had the largest breasts, but boy did that dress ever show them off. The silk then tightly fell down her stomach, leaving her hips wide open to the air, only to connect below her hips, to a skirt that puffed out, almost like one of those costume maid's dresses in cheap porn flicks, and it didn't even come down to mid-thigh on her. But this dress was obviously anything but cheap. Oh, and her entire back was open to the air. I hope my tongue wasn't hanging out.
She glanced back at me over her shoulder as she stopped at the door. "Coming?" She asked.
"Umm, yea. Are...are you going to be warm enough out there on the motorbike?"
"You'll keep me warm. Wont you?" I couldn't say any more to that. I followed her out.
- - -
NEXT STOP
- - -
The other two were already at Minh's bike, putting their helmets on. I handed Amber my spare helmet and offered to take my hat back, so she wouldn't lose it.
"Don't worry, I'll keep MY hat safe." She said as she took it off, freeing her hair which seemed to have gotten even more curly since earlier. She then looked me straight in the eyes and she slid the hat down the front of her dress. "See! Nice and safe."
I gulped. What a tease. "Well then hop on."
I got onto the front of the bike and balanced it so she could slide on behind me. She took it on side-saddle, naturally, and wrapped her arms tightly around me from behind.
"Go slow, its my first time." I heard her whisper in my ear, giggling. Hopefully my shiver was covered up by the started the engine and then we were off, following Minh and Hong down the street, heading out of the downtown area. It didn't take up long, maybe 10 or 15 minutes to reach the Next Stop. But I never wanted the ride to stop, with Amber wrapped tightly behind me holding on like she was never going to let go. Between that and the vibration of the engine, I was harder than I had been in months. Hopefully, she wouldn't notice.
The bar, as it turned out was actually underground, literally. Back behind a lake, down a winding alley, even the garage where they hid our motorbikes was deeper down a steep decline. As I turned off the bike, I noticed how quiet things were. Was this really a nightclub? I didn't hear any voices or music. It just seemed like another quiet neighborhood at night in sleepy Hanoi. All I saw was a night guard sitting in front of a sign simply saying "Next Stop."
Amber slid off the bike, and took off her helmet. She handed it back to me, gave me a quick kiss on the cheek, and her hand fell gracefully down onto my lap, she had definitely noticed my hard on. She reached for my hat tucked in her dress, and put it back on.
"Thanks for the ride." She giggled, as she spun away and grabbed Hong by the arm. The two scurried through the door, leaving Minh and I to park and lock the bikes and put the helmets away. As we followed behind and through the door, it led to a dark staircase leading even further down to a basement, which in turn led down a dark hallway. It would have been spooky, but I started to feel more than hear the vibrations of the music. Finally, we came to a door which opened up to a bacchanal scene right out of my dreams.
The first thing I noticed was the house music that hit me like a brick wall. I don't know how they soundproofed the building but they certainly did a great job of it. The place was loud. The rest was smoke machines, lasers, strobe lights, the works! It was busy inside but definitely not packed, still being early after all, barely even 1 AM, and unlike the rest of the city, this party did not seem to be slowing down at all.
The bar itself, was glowing in orange neon lights back against a whole side of a wall. And along the opposite wall was a series of private booths, with ringed couches, and tables in the middle of each. Some of the booths had curtains surround them, offering a bit of privacy to the revelers, but most were just open. I noticed a couple of hookahs sitting on some of the table tops, the tubes leading to mostly women who lounged back on their couches lazily letting the smoke stream out of their mouths.
The center of the large room, was mostly left open for the dance floor, and back against the far side of the wall, up on a stage, were two DJ's in middle of their performance, moving to the music they were making. And behind them was a giant panoramic screen with a laser-light show being flashed behind and above the performers. I also just happened to notice a couple of cages in the corners of the club hanging from the ceiling which were currently occupied with a couple of girls dancing. Now I couldn't be sure, due to the low light and sheer havoc going on around me, but I'm not sure if those girls were even wearing clothes. Everywhere, people were either dancing, swaying, or else lounging in their booths to the music, and for some reason probably half of the people were holding large balloons, some in their mouths and others swinging away, used as dance-enhancers.
I just took a moment to take in the whole seen. I had been to clubs, but this place was beyond anything I had ever actually seen before, aside from movies maybe. It was wild and chaotic. I liked it. Eventually, Minh and I made our way in and went to the bar to get a few drinks and look for the girls. Beers in hand we started wandering around the periphery of the dance floor, looking for...well, mostly just looking.
And it happened again, she came from behind me and gracefully slid up and around me, gliding to the music, the end of a large balloon in her mouth. Amber looked up into my eyes, inhaling from the balloon, just begging me to dance with her. I slid my hand from her shoulders across the bare skin at her side and rested it on the her back just above her ass. By this point, my hesitancy was mostly gone and after all the teasing she had been doing to me all night, I figured she deserved a little payback. So I slid my fingers deeper down her back and under the rim of her skirt and gave her exquisite little behind a squeeze of my own. Noticing two things as I did; One, her ass was tight as fuck, not an ounce of fat; and Two, I had been right, she wasn't wearing any underwear under that short as hell dress.
Her eyes flashed around the balloon as she started grinding into my leg through her skirt and my pants, yet I could still feel the heat from her core bleeding onto my leg. We danced (if that's what the kids are calling it these days) like that for a few minutes; me, not letting go of her butt, her, rutting on my leg like a horned up stray, our eyes never leaving the other's.
Slowly, at one point, she moved her hand up to the balloon and took it out of her mouth and wordlessly put the end in mine. I didn't bother asking questions at this point, and took a deep breath and just inhaled...maybe too much. My head reeled, and began to spin. I got light-headed and nearly fell back. I would have too if I hadn't had such a tight hold on Amber's ass. She held me up and steadied me as I got used to the sensation and began to giggle myself, and started feeling more into the music. We continued to dance passing the balloon back and forth taking hits in turn and falling deeper and deeper into the music.
Later on, I would find out that it was Nitrous Oxide, or what the kids back home were calling "Whippets." But in the States, they used little gas canisters and took quick hits. Here, in the underground clubs of Hanoi, they were filling giant balloons, bigger than beach-balls, with the stuff and handing them out like party favors. Probably not good for me, but at the time, with this precious little piece of Amber in my arms, I didn't give a rats ass if it was good for me or not. I was in heaven...or maybe Hell. This had the devious tinge of Hell to it. Yep, that must be it. I had died and gone to Hell. A wondrous, fantastic Hell.
- - -
THE TEASE AND THE DEALER
- - -
Eventually, the balloon got smaller, the music got slower, and our dancing became more swaying. Then the scene changed. The lights went out and the place got quiet. The undertones of the music changed to an expectant hum. Search lights turned on shining in all different directions as the music picked up. The lights roamed around the room, searching for something, and then they all pointed towards the entrance of the club, forcing all eyes in that direction. There stood two beautiful women, the one in the front was wearing an elegant black evening gown, flowing like liquid, the material sparking in reflection of the lights. The other stood a bit behind her, and to the side. She wore a familiar tumescent green and blue plaid mini-skirt, and knee-high stockings and a corset that was hardly even a bra, trying to hold back her breasts which were nearly as large as the balloons everyone was inhaling.
The DJ made some announcement in Vietnamese and everyone started clapping as the music came back in full force as the two women entered the floor and made their way through the crowd, swaying to the music only slowing occasionally to make some greeting to someone they must have known. Mai and Cici had finally arrived, anddamn, did they know how to make an entrance. These girls must be a bigger deal than I knew. Maybe Minh was right, they weren't ones to fuck with.
I heard Amber give a most unladylike snort, and I turned my attention back to her and she just rolled her eyes and leaned up to my ear.
"Come on, lets get to the table before things get out of control." She practically yelled.
Table? We had a table? Damn, in a place like this I didn't want to know how much a private booth would cost. But fuck it, I barely hesitated, how many chances would I get to live a night like tonight's? Amber took my hand and led me directly to the center of the room, where up on a dais, sat not so much a table or a booth, but practically its own room in the middle of club. Inside was a ring of couches much like all the others, but this one was covered with sheer curtains, giving the space a modicum of privacy. My thoughts drifted to some Arabian Prince-type scene where the Sultan would lay back on cushions and be fed grapes from one of his beautiful concubines. Shit, there was even a bouncer at the entrance of the booth. But he didn't even blink, as he saw Amber guiding me, and unhooked the actual fucking velvet rope blocking the way. He gave her a polite nod letting her through, and even let me in, albeit after the usual once-over security guards usually give to guys like me who probably didn't belong there. But he let me in anyway, and we both scurried in, only to find that we weren't the first ones there.
Minh and Hong were rolling around on one of the couches, Minh's shirt ripped open and hanging uselessly around his shoulders, his belt hanging undone, the fly obviously open. Luckily his pants were still on, otherwise I would have gotten more of a view than I would have wanted. Hong was equally disheveled, and though her top and "skirt" were still technically on, the latter was up around her waist and I noticed half of a bra cup peeking out from between the couch cushions surrounded by used balloons. From the looks of it Hong had also gone with the "no-panties" option, but that was view I didn't mind catching a glimpse of. I guess we arrived right before the real show began.Sorry about that, buddy.
Amber cleared her throat. "Ahem! Hi guys!" Both Minh and Hong shot up and guiltily started trying to look like nothing had been going on.
"What's up?" Minh said a little too nonchalantly. I just rolled my eyes.
"Sorry to interrupt Buddy, you need a minute or two more to finish up?" I threw his trademark smirk back at him.
"Har, har. No, we were just talking, umm. Talking about school. I was giving her advise about her studies."
"You were giving her something," I muttered. He flashed me a grin.
"Oh please," Amber blurted out. "You two have had your hands all over each other all night. Just fuck and get it over with, we don't mind watching, do we Ben?" I just laughed.
"Who's fucking now?" We all turned to see Cici walk through the curtain carrying a large Hookah, smoke trailing from the top where the coal was burning.
"No one, yet," Amber said as Cici set the large pipe on the table next to a bottle of tequila that had already been placed there, "but Hong was about to get a big lesson from the Professor here, before we walked in and interrupted them.
"Shame" sighed Cici. As she walked by me, she seemed different, more confident than she had earlier at the Pub, more loose. And then as I got a whiff of the smoke billowing up from the hookah, it hit me. There was nothing new about these pipes for me, I had even had one of my own back in my fraternity room during my school days, but usually they were filled with tobacco. This one, by the smell of it, was filled with weed.
"Weed?" I asked, pointing at the pipe.
"Kind of, it's a mix of hashish. My own blend." She smiled up at me, "Care to share?"
"Sure." I took a seat next to her, with Amber sliding up next to me. She grabbed the bottle of tequila found four glasses under the table and started to pour for all of us. For the next half hour or so, we just passed along the peace pipe chatting about nothing of importance, and drinking through another bottle. The whole time Amber sat cuddled up next to me, her fingers walking up and down my leg, one of my arms behind her sliding lower and lower down her back.
I had wondered, what with a whole bottle of whiskey earlier, the joints, then the balloons, and now a giant hookah full of hash and a bottle of tequila, if I would just simply pass out, right here on the couch. Its not like I partied like this often, and certainly not in the last few months. But I didn't. In fact, I felt energized. Whatever Cici had put in this, "her own blend" as she put it, had certainly got me blazed, but not in the "Man! I feel like eating a box of cereal and passing out" way, but more of the "I want to go out and fly to the Fucking MOON!" way.
After the hookah had ended, Cici stood up and explained that she needed to get to work. She walked out and through the curtains I saw her approach the bar. One of the bartenders reached over and handed her the briefcase. She then started her procession through the club, stopping at tables passing out party favors.
I looked around for something to do, and out of nowhere - like seriously, fucking Nowhere! - a hand reach in from behind the curtains and passed in four giant balloons. I took one each in turn and passed them out to the others. Amber took hers and latched on to the end like baby on the tit, she even cradled it like a baby, breathing the gas in and out, her eyes rolling back in bliss. Hong and Minh just inhaled theirs like they were dying for breath, and soon their balloons were empty, and they were back at each other, each trying to inhale the gas from the other's lungs.
I turned away to give them as much privacy as one could expect in a situation like this, and took in my own balloon. Now that I was sitting, I handled the initial hit better, but the cold gas inside still knocked my head back. It was a lot stronger out of a brand new balloon, so I took my time with it. I watched how Amber would breathe the gas in and out, not just inhaling it like the others had, but filling the balloon back up with her exhale, and figured I would follow her example. Instead of one quick rush, Amber's method kept the high going longer. But eventually the balloons got smaller, and I looked back at Amber. Her eyes, looking across the top of the balloon, were locked onto our two friends rolling around on the couch, trying not to fall off.
I figured this was my chance, we were as alone as were were going to be, so I leaned down towards her. Her eyes snapped to mine then dropped to my lips as they got closer. I saw her wet her lips and just as I was about to make my final push forward, she lifted up what was left of her balloon and released it on my face, blasting me with a push of air, and making that farting sound. "Nah ah aahh." She laughed as she jumped up, that mischievous look back in her eyes. She grabbed my hands and led me back out onto the dance floor. She started bouncing around, arms held up above her, and started spinning to the music. I came up behind her, stopped her jumping, and wrapped my arms around her like she had done earlier. She molded herself in my arms as we swayed to the music, her ass moving the whole time. I was getting hard again, and this time I knew she could feel it, especially when she started grinding back against me. But she spun around again, brought her hand up to my face and bonked me right on the nose.
"Naughty, naughty. I'm not that kind of girl, Mister." She said, eyes shinning, before she spun again, this time out of my reach and went back to her jumping and spinning and shaking her ass to the music.
"Fucking tease" I thought silently, but I smiled nonetheless. I couldn't help it. She was just so fucking graceful and beautiful.
I continued to dance by myself, but I could not tear my eyes away from her as she move farther away. The poofy dress she was wearing bouncing up with each of her jumps, not quite giving the others around us a view of her ass, but it tempted me to try to get a glimpse. She moved about the dance floor, dancing with other guys and sometimes with other girls, but only if she approached them. Any guy who tried to initiate the dance with her, she just spun away from him. Laughing as she left him behind. I figured she would tire out soon enough, so I started looking around for some bait I could attract her back with. It was then I noticed, a small line forming next to the bar, where stood a giant gas tank. Bingo.
I walked over and stood behind another guy waiting. When my turn came, I got two big balloons, twisted the ends shut and made my way back to the periphery of the dance floor. I started to search for Amber again and popped one of the balloons in my mouth, as I scanned the room. I saw Cici across the room standing over by another table talking to the people there, she had her case open and was obviously still working. I also saw Minh and Hong on the dance floor. They must have decided to come up for some air and dance a bit, but what they were doing now was hardly much cleaner than what they had been doing in the booth. Minh had one hand on her ass and the other pushing the back of her neck down, as she twerked that ass right up on his crotch.
I went back to scanning the floor, seeing plenty of people expressing themselves in a variety of different dance styles. As I took another puff from the balloon, my butt started moving to the music on its own. I wasn't usually much of a dancer, but I realized that this must be the reason these balloons were so popular here, they made it nearly impossible to not start dancing. As I moved with the music, the untouched balloon in my hand started swinging with me, and I could see it leaving a trail in the air as I swung it about. Groovy. So I started making designs in the air with the balloon. It felt like time had slowed down and I could see past, present, and future all at the same time.
Then I saw her. Amber was in middle of the crowd facing me, and she saw me too. She glided over to me and as I raised the untouched balloon to offer it to her, she just reached up and took the other one out of my mouth, even though it was halfway empty already, and pinched the end shut. She leaned in towards me, put her hand on my shoulder and said into my ear, "I like this one better."
And into her mouth it went. I couldn't help but look as her lips tightened around the end as she sucked on it. I glanced up to her eyes and saw that she was watching me watch her, that evil little glitter ever-present in her eyes. I groaned as I lifted the other balloon to my own lips and took another puff. She turned around and slid back into my arms as we started dancing again, this time a little more sensuously, making sure neither of us knocked the balloons out of the other's mouth. My arm, not holding the balloon, snaked around her hips and I rested it on her belly, pulling her closer into me. We just danced like that for a while. When her balloon was empty, she simply reached back, took mine out of my hand and popped that one into her mouth as well.
Now that I had both hands free, I placed my other hand on her arm and moved it gently up to her shoulder. Then I reached for her long strands of hair and moved it all to the opposite side of her shoulders, revealing her bare neck to my gaze. She continued to sway her hips into my groin, still sucking on the balloon, so I thought I would take another shot. I leaned down and placed a soft kiss along the side of her neck. Her skin was soft and warm. I also tasted a hint of salty sweat she had earned with her wild dancing. As I kissed her neck again, she ever so subtlety leaned her head against her other shoulder, exposing even more of her neckline. I kissed again, this time a bit lower towards her shoulder. And then again right above her collarbone. I could have sworn I felt her moan. I think she liked it.
I felt her hand move back and tug at my pants. I took the hint and started grinding into the back of her as she push back into me. Oh what a glorious Hell this was.
But she broke away from me again, and took my hand and led me back to our booth. The security guard was still there and let us in. This time we were all by ourselves.
- - -
DESIRE
- - -
Amber walked in and spun around with her arms flying out, then gracefully swooped down to the couch, laying down with her arms held above her head.So beautiful.I stood in the doorway just watching her, but before I could join her, she looked up at me and purred, "Do you have any weed?"
I was about to disappoint her and say I didn't, but then I remembered the bag Cici had given me earlier. Cici'smagicweed.Desire.Oh, hell yes! I took it out but then realized I didn't have any papers.Crap. I looked around and then saw the hookah. I looked up towards the ceiling in a silent prayer of thanks.There is a God! And I moved over to load it. I wasn't sure how much to use in a hookah, so I just kind of packed in the bowl and put the grate back over it. Then I realized that the coal was spent.Crap again.I looked down by the table for a moment, not really expecting to find anything, but then I saw a tin bucket under the table with burning coals inside and metal tongs hanging off the side.Things were coming up Ben tonight!I grabbed one of the coals with the tongs and placed it on top of the grate. Then handed the pipe to Amber.
She sat up, taking the long thin pipe in her tiny little hands and she placed the end in her mouth and started sucking, I heard the hookah start to bubble as smoke rose from the top. She took a long pull and held it before letting it go. She blew out the smoke and her eyes grew wide.
"Wow." she breathed out, her eyes staring off into the distance. She took another pull on the pipe, and after releasing the smoke she uttered again, more softly this time, "wow."
I sat down next to her and she passed the pipe to me. I laid back against the cushions, my legs touching hers. And took my first puff ofDesire. 'Wow' indeed.I had earlier thought that it had smelled like sex, and now that I had tasted it, it tasted like sex too. Sweet and sugary, a touch of salt, and a whole lot of musk. We both just sat there for a moment taking it all in. I handed the pipe back to Amber and she took another hit. When she was done, she passed it back to me, but as I started to take my pull, she moved.
Her whole body curled around my arm, my hand falling into a warm pocket in between her legs, one of which she swung up and her knee settled on my lap applying the least bit of pressure. Her head came up onto my shoulder and nuzzled her way into my neck. There she sat, her head slowly nodding up and down on the skin of my throat, and her knee softly grinding against my dick. I shivered as I held in the smoke from my last pull and then let it out. I let the pipe slide out of my fingers and reach my arm across to the side of her face, cupping her under the ear. She leaned up and gently kissed my throat while I massaged hers with my hand. She leaned up again with more pressure to my groin and latched her mouth onto my neck and sucked. All that work she had spent on the balloons had really paid off, her mouth sucked harder than a vacuum. I tightened my fingers around the back of her neck holding her in place as she started to nibble down as well. I knew she was going to leave a mark, but who the fuck cared.
My other hand was still trapped down deep in the furnace between her legs. But I realized it wasn't just hot, it was soaking. She was soaking. Suddenly, I reached my breaking point. My hand at her neck tightened, and I pulled her head back away from mine with an audible pop. I held her head back, her face towards the sky, and I leaned down and kissed her for our very first time. Our lips met and I felt sparks fly in my head. Her arm came up and wrapped around the back of my neck and we just attacked each other. I felt her knee that had been massaging my dick slide up and around my thigh, and she moved up onto my lap, straddling me. My other arm, now free, reached around her back and slid under her dress. I latched onto her glorious, naked ass. I squeezed one cheek then the other as her hips started moving back and forth grinding her pussy down onto my dick, hard as a rock, but still trapped in my pants.
We were too busy to realize when we had company, until I felt the weight of the couch shift as someone sat down near us. We both broke apart our kiss and looked over at the same time.
There, elegantly perched on the edge of the cushion, sat Cici watching us with a pleased, little smile on her face. We heard some snickering and turned even further around to see Minh and Hong cuddled up together across from us, both smirking at our display.Fair is fair, I guess.
Amber swung off me, settling down closely on my side, one arm wrapping around mine again. With her other hand she tried to flatten out her skirt and brushed the hair out of her face, clearly frustrated. She wasn't the only one.
Cici bent down and picked up the pipe I had dropped to the floor. She raised it to her mouth and took a puff. She inhaled and exhaled, looked at us, and - muffled through the cloud of smoke still coming out of her mouth - she said, "I figured."
After another puff, she laid the pipe on the table and sat back against the back of the couch, her skirt rising up her legs as she did. Beaming at us, she asked "how do you like it?"
Amber just moaned her appreciation, her head settling back in my neck as she started nuzzling it again. I held her close.
Cici just laughed and it drew my attention back to her. Without an ounce of shyness left in her features, she lifted her legs up on the cushion and tucked them under her skirt. The action made her breasts bounce up and down, barely contained by the tight black corset she wore instead of a top. I was impressed that such a small piece of clothing could hold up those glorious mounds she carried. They were fucking large, practically mountains, yet still firm as displayed by the bounce they still possessed. Yet, I couldn't help it, my eyes fell back down to her legs, crossed under her skirt. The position she had put herself in, left the bottom of her skirt wide open to my view, and she knew it. I could see her panties from here, mesh green to match the tips of her hair.
"Like what you see?" She asked.
"You're beautiful." I murmured back as I nodded around Amber's head still tucked under my chin.
"I noticed you haven't been able to tear your eyes away from my legs all night." She purred, as her hands slid down her legs leading my gaze down like a leash and then back up as she lifted the rim of the plaid skirt giving me a better view of what was under.
"So, what do you think of myDesire."
"I love it." I said in a ghost of a whisper.
"Good." She sighed. "I made this batch just for you. Do you believe in magic yet?"
I couldn't really answer, so I just shrugged. I mean sure, my current situation was fucking fantastic, but a lot had happened tonight. I still had my doubts anything magical was taking place. More likely it was the tons of drugs, booze, and dancing.
Cici laughed again, this time more vibratory and musical, blending with the house music still playing out all round us. It sent shivers down my spine straight to my balls.
"Well, you will. What do you think got that tease to open up?" She motioned to Amber. "Any woman who smokes this batch with you will melt in your hands. It will make her wetter than a river and more sensitive than a bomb waiting to go off. Your voice will be music to her ears, leading her in any direction youdesire. And when you finally cum, your seed will be more addictive than heroin and she will come crawling back time and time again."
A motion caught my eye, as across from me I saw Hong start to reach over to the table grasping for the pipe. But Cici was quicker. She picked up the pipe and unplugged it from the hookah, setting it down and looked at her friend, "No darling, not tonight. You have already found your magic man." She threw a quick wink at Minh, who smirked back at her and pulled Hong back into him.
"So have I." Amber said, finding her voice again, her head coming up out from my neck. I don't know how much she had heard of Cici's speech, or how much she had understood. But she looked up into my eyes and said, "I found my magic man too."
She rose up and our lips met again softly before breaking away as she settled back down. My lips followed hers down and I kissed her hungrily. Her hand reached over and grabbed my cock through my pants. She started rubbing it, making sure it was still hard. Her lips left mine again as she looked over at Cici.
"Do you want to see what your magic has done for him? She asked Cici before turning back down to the tent in my pants. Her hands both reached over and unhooked my belt and unzipped my fly. I managed to lift my butt up enough off the cushion for her to slip my pants and boxers off in one swift motion. And there I stood out in the open in middle of a busy night club, pre-cum glistening on the head.
"See, it made him wet too." Amber purred, looking up at the both of us one last time, that evil little glint back in her eye, before her head went down, mouth open, straight onto my cock. She took all eight inches in one swift, glorious motion. I felt her tongue curl around the under side of my shaft, forming a little slide that led me straight down her throat, causing me to groan loudly as I penetrated deep into her esophagus.Fuck! It was tight.She held her head down through sheer force of will as she worked muscles in her throat I didn't know existed, all the while her tongue started rubbing the edge of my ball sack. Eventually, she let out a cute little choking sound and came up for air.
Breathing a little heavily, and coughing once or twice, she composed herself, and looked up past me at Cici. "See, wet and delicious." She flashed a wide smile and went back down. This time not as deep, but she wanted to show me that she knew how to handle a cock. And did she ever! Her tongue did things I cant even explain, somehow at one point it wrapped around my dick and tighten up enough to give it a little massage as she bobbled her head up and down. She used just the right amount of teeth, not scraping, even though her head was moving around fast enough that I thought she might, but playfully gliding up and around where ever the angle of her head led her.
I couldn't look away, I just stared down at her as she went to work on my cock. I settled one of my hands in her hair, my fingers entwined in her silky strands and every time she pulled back up the shaft, I would apply some pressure helping her lift up as she would inhale and suck as her head came up, practically pulling my hips along for the ride. I think she liked me pulling her hair, cause every time I did, she moaned and her eyes looked up and locked on to mine. There was no fucking way I was going to last long with this treatment, not after the night I already had.
No sooner had I had that thought, than things got even more intense. A hand reach over to my chin and turned my head away from the show below me, to the show sitting to my left. Cici had slid right up on me as her hand reached for the zipper hidden in the valley between her breasts, and she slowly dragged it down to the bottom of the corset releasing her tits as they bounced free. Her face was inches away from mine. She took my unoccupied hand in hers and lifted it to one of her tits, urging me to feel. I willingly complied and my hand latch on to the firmest breast I have ever felt. At first I just cupped it from the bottom, lifting it and testing the weight, but then my hand slid up and my fingers found her nipple. I pinched it hard and as I did, Cici let out a growl and she pounced, our lips met and she kissed me with a ferocity I had never experienced before. Both of Cici's hands came up to the side of my face, and pushed my head back as she leaned above me and attacked me from above. Our tongues started dancing and her fingers wove through my hair. Partly because of her movement and party because I figured she would like it, my fingers twisted her nipple even harder, and if possible her attack intensified.
There I was sitting on a couch in the middle of a nightclub, barely hidden from those around us. The only thing hiding our modesty, or rather, lack of modesty, was a sheer curtain and the loud, rhythmic music beating away all around us. And I was being essentially consumed by two fucking sexy Asian women. I doubted I could hold on much longer, and I didn't want to just sit idle. But I only had one hand available to me at the moment, the one on top of Amber's head. So, I disentangled my fingers from her hair and slid them down to the clasp at the back of her neck holding her dress together. I unsnapped it and felt as the top of her dress fell off her shoulders, then my hand continued down, fingers spreading wide, massaging her bare back along her backbone, down to the groove between her firm ass cheeks, around the back and my middle finger slid in into her warm, wet snatch. I felt, more than heard her moan through my dick and her suction deepened. I felt her shiver and her ass began to shake. She couldn't be cumming already, could she? I had just started my work in her quim. Figuring, what the hell? As soon as I got my finger nice and wet, I slipped it out, trailed it along her taint, leaving a cold wet path right to her darkest star. I felt her stiffen around my cock as my finger drew a ring around the hole, and I slipped the tip of my wet middle finger right through her sphincter, and then drove it as far as I could deep into her ass.
You would have thought I shot her with a stun gun. At first her whole body tightened up and froze. Her mouth had frozen mid-suck, her tongue pressed firmly against the bottom of my shaft. Then she began to moan much louder around my dick, finally setting me off as I exploded in her mouth. Her ass started to shake, and the wave of vibration flowed down her legs forcing them to shake uncontrollably, causing her to fall back on her ankles pulling my finger out of her ass with a pop, followed my another sloppier pop as her mouth forcibly withdrew from my still erupting cock just in time for the last jet to shoot across her face. Cici stopped her own assault as we both turned to watch the show as Amber, face splattered with my cum, slowly fell back on the couch, the top of her dress sliding to the side, finally exposing her pert little tits to the air as she collapsed on her back, panting heavily as her body continued to shake with minor after shocks of her orgasm.
"Fuck, I think you killed her." Cici said with a hungry look in her eyes, "You want to try me next?"
Maybe the weed was actually magic, or maybe I was just so fucking horny, but yea, I think I could be up for Round Two pretty quickly. There was just something I had to do first, something I had wanted to do all night long. I looked Cici in the eyes, gave her my most devious smile and nodded.
Now small aside, as I glanced over to the other couch, where my buddy was balls deep in the small little runner, passionately pounding away, I thought back to a conversation we had had a few months prior while talking about girls. While Minh enjoyed a good blow job as much as the next guy, he was flummoxed as to why a guy would go down on a girl. He saw no point to it, and at least according to him, "Vietnamese men don't do that." It had caused a minor heated debate between us, which had to be done mostly in whispers because we were sitting at a pretty busy cafe at the time, and who knew who was listening. I was just as shocked in return at his denials because there is nothing in this world I love doing more than a good olde-fashioned Muff-Dive.
So back to the story at hand, as I looked Cici in the eyes and nodded, I gently pushed her shoulders down forcing her onto her back. She laid back, her knees up in the air, and her tits each flattened out and spread to the side, I started to slowly move my fingers up her wondrous legs starting at her ankles and dragged my fingernails gently up her leg along the bone. She was wearing those black knee-highs, but I knew she could feel my touch, because I saw her start to shiver. When I reached the summit formed by her knees, I traced my fingers back down her leg, following the same path I had taken up. When I reached her ankles again, I started my trek back up but this time I firmly grasped her legs with my hands in a massage maneuver I had learn from my Ex. Firmly moving any stress or tightness she might have had in her legs up in a motion like I was moving water up her leg. This time when I reached the top of her knees, I took hold of them, each in a hand, and gently spread her legs open like I was opening my favorite book, looking for the secret within.
I don't think Cici realized what I had meant to do up to this point. If Minh was right, I'm not sure if Cici had ever been eaten out. What a shame, if that was true. But I think she started to guess what I was up to, when instead of my hands going down her legs, this time I leaned my head down and softly planted a kiss on her knee. Then I began to make my way down deeper towards her center, my lips and tongue leaving a trail down the inside of her thighs. I could already catch a hint of her sweetness wafting out of her pussy and could see the glint of wetness soaking through those green mesh panties. She tried to close her legs again when I got close, maybe out of reflex, or maybe a bit of that shyness was coming back, but my arms were already inside her legs and my body wouldn't allow her to close up shop on me. I stopped and looked up into eyes, silently asking permission to continue. She had her head raised up and was watching me. She shyly bit her lip, but her head fell back down, and her legs relaxed once more. She was still wearing that plaid skirt that fit her so well, so I dove my head under the skirt and disappeared from her view.
By now my face was an inch away from her covered snatch, my nose practically touching the panties. I turned my head to either side and kissed each side of the deepest part of her thigh, then did the same with a lick of my tongue. I heard Cici start to whimper. Always a good sign. Then I slid half a inch further down and my nose made contact with the cloth covering her. Using the tip of my nose I tickled her where I thought her clit might be, and inhaled deeply the musky scent she was giving off. It was marvelous. Intoxicating. I think I got higher from this than from any of the drugs we had tried earlier. This was truly getting high on life. I reach out and licked the wet patch on the panties causing Cici to squirm a little. I smiled even though I knew she couldn't see. As I continued to tease her sensitive spots with my nose and tongue, my hands were sliding under her, down around her hips and up her skirt. With my palms flat on her hips, my fingers curled around the top of her panties and I slowly started to slide them around and up her legs. I wish opening presents on Christmas was half this exciting. I felt Cici lay her hands on top of my head, not pulling me away, but just softly holding me still. I slowed down a bit, sliding the flimsy garment up as slowly as I could. As soon as there was some slack after I passed them over her hips, I slowly pulled my head out from under her skirt, my hands and her underwear following closely behind me. I moved my head out from between her legs, closed them together, and set them on one of my shoulders, as I continued to remove the tiny and now soaked piece of fabric. Once I got them to her knees, I lifted her legs up in the air and quickly whipped the panties from around her feet, and tossed them over my shoulder. Incidentally, they landed on Amber's chest as she still lay on her back behind me, half unconscious in a blissful snooze. And before Cici's legs could fall back down, I dove between her legs like a bird of prey catching its meal.
Her quim lay open below me like a beautiful flower spreading its petals for the morning sun. I got the full force of her scent now, musky and sharp, but with a slight hint of something sweet, almost like honey. My tongue lashed out in a quick swipe from the bottom of her snatch to the top, just short of grazing her clit. I felt her jolt back but she quickly settled back down, before my tongue stuck again, this time aimed for her hub. Another quick strike, followed by another jolt as her legs started to shake, not much yet, but a start. I felt her set her hands on top my head again, this time, with a little more pressure. I could tell she was getting anxious. But you never go right for the kill, you have to have a bit of patience, the build-up is key.
This time, my tongue went to the outside of the pussy, the spot between where the legs met her labia, the leg-pit if you will. I licked up the inner-side of her leg and then kissed the wet patch I had made. Then did the same for the other side, before moving back to her snatch and licking up from the bottom again. Now she was definitely squirming, shaking like a horse right before a race. I had her now. I went in and I grasped her little nub in between my lips, licking the very top with the tip of my tongue and I sucked lightly. Her legs shut tightly around my head as I did, and her fingers grabbed a hold of my hair, but I didn't let that stop me and continued to lick her clit trapped between my lips.
Slowly my arms moved up and snaked around her legs up to her hips, holding her steady. Then I released my lips, only to immediately return ever so lightly with a soft bite of my teeth. She jolted much stronger now as I started to feel her wetness soak my chin, so I leaned down and dove my tongue deep into her hole, catching as much of her juice as I could. I was face deep into her inner-self, as her legs tighten around my head like a vice, shaking more and more every moment. I was pretty sure she was also pulling out some of my hair. Luckily, it was short so she didn't have a lot to grasp onto. I could barely breathe, but this was more important than oxygen. I continued to lap up her juices, before moving back up to her clit my tongue swirling around the nub. I doubt I was making any coherent shapes or letters or whatever else people always say you should try when tickling the clit. I was just riding the wave as she started bucking her hips first up and down, then to each side, partly trying to throw me off yet her legs and hands made it impossible for me to even move, much less escape.
The ride got wilder, as the shaking in her legs grew stronger, and finally I trapped her clit in my lips once again and bit down once more, this time a bit harder. Time froze, well more accurately, Cici froze, just for a moment before her Walls broke and the Tsunami rush in. I was blasted in the face by a gush of her juices as her legs began shaking uncontrollably. She shifted her hips to the side, dragging me with her, and flipped me on my back. Her snatch was now directly over me still quaking, but slower each moment. She wasn't exactly sitting on my face as much as she had curled up against the back of the couch, my head just being in the way. As she began to settle, I started to think about oxygen again, but I couldn't just pry her off me. So, I did the next best thing. I lashed out with my tongue again, knowing just how sensitive she would be at the moment. At first, all I got was a jolt, but not enough to escape from. I gave her another lick this time aimed for her clit and she bucked back around dragging me back up with her. Now back up on top, I gently pried her legs open and a rush of crisp air filled my lungs.
- - -
ONE
- - -
I fell back against the back of the couch just enjoying my breathing, and glanced over to see how Cici was. She had curled up in the fetal position, and was also breathing heavily, but with a soft satisfied smile on her face. Her eyes opened just a fraction and caught me looking. She murmured something I didn't catch over the loud music that rushed back to my ears and her eyes gently closed again as she seemed to pass out.
I looked around for the first time and noticed Minh's slack-jawed expression of sheer disbelief as he and Hong were cuddle up together on their side of the couch, clearly fascinated by the show Cici and I had just put on. Well, good. Aside from any embarrassment I might have felt at the moment, I was a teacherdamnit! And hopefully Minh had learned something here tonight.
My gaze then continued to shift to my other side as I saw that Amber was awake again, sitting at the foot of the couch, chest bare to the world, her dress still on her hips and was holding Cici's discarded panties in her hands near enough to her face, I vaguely wondered if she had been sniffing them while watching us. Her eyes bore into me, that same mischievous back on her lips and she looked down to my dick. I followed her gaze and noticed I was hard again, my dick standing at attention, just waiting for a salute.
Without a word, Amber crawled over to me across the couch, those dark brown eyes never leaving mine. I got the sudden impression of a wild cat about to pounce. When she reached me she swung one leg across my lap and straddled me. Her head held above mine, her hands at my cheeks, she leaned down and gave me the softest kiss. My arms reached around her, and moved up her back til I had a tight hold on her. She kissed me again, this time her tongue reached out and slipped between my lips. She tasted like strawberries, and after the show she had just watched, I knew she was not just tasting me, but Cici as well. It didn't seem to bother her though, if anything, it worked her up even more.
Only then did she start to sway her hips, grinding into my lap and rubbing my dick along the out side of her vagina. She was already soaking and my entire lap was now coated in her juices. When she lifted her hips, she reached a hand down between us took my member in between her fingers and guided me into her.
Fuck! Was she tight.Hot, constricting, velvet wrapped all around my cock as she slowly sank down my shaft driving me deep up into this beautiful Vietnamese woman. When she reached the bottom she just held it there, kissing me deeply, our tongues dancing. Then she started to move. At first she simply came up and down in a slow pattern using her legs as leverage. Lips still locked onto mine, her hands came up to the front of my neck and she held me while she fucked me in slow sensual motions. One of my hands moved up her back and took hold of her shoulder applying pressure downwards trying to guide her down harder, while my other hand snaked down to that ass I was so infatuated with and grabbed a cheek. I tried to take some control over the speed or movement of our fucking, but being the take charge-type that she was, she wasn't having it. She continued her slow movements but as my fingers squeezed her ass, she started moving her hips in a circular pattern, grinding down onto my cock and digging it deep, finding new spots for the both of us.
Her lips shot off mine, and her head snapped back as her moans filled the air around us. She clearly was enjoying herself, not that I could complain, but I had already cum tonight, and I was worked up and this slow sensual type of fucking wasn't going to do it for me. Not right now. Six months of pent up rage after being dumped, not knowing just how many cocks my Ex had taken before or since, and now this lovely new girl was trying to control me too. I wasn't having it. Something just snapped. I picked her up and tossed her onto the couch face-down.
"Stay down!" I commanded Amber as I came up behind her, grabbed her by the hips and lifted her ass up into the air. Amber stretched her arms out straight along the couch and buried her face into the cushion as I thrust my shaft hard and deep into her gaping hole. I could hear her moan even through the cushion and over the music. I took a firm hold of her hips and used them for leverage as I started to pound deep into her from behind, my eyes locked onto that tight ass now bouncing in front of me. I took one of my hands off her hip and reached up and grabbed a handful of her silky hair, twisting it around my fingers and pulled. Her head came up out of the cushions grunting and dragged the whole top of her body with her. She started using her arms as a counter-force against the cushions as she pushed back towards me matching my thrusts as I plowed into her. This was hard and fast fucking, nothing romantic about it, and she loved it! With each thrust of mine, I started hearing her squeak, not moans or screams, actual fucking squeaking.My tight little Amber was a fucking squeak toy.
Remembering her orgasm from earlier, one of the times she thrust back at me I removed my other hand from her waist and moved my thumb to hover over her asshole. I applied a small amount of pressure but this time she didn't even hesitate. Her next thrust back at me came just as strong as before, and my thumb popped right into her ass. This squeak turned into a full on scream that seemed to reverberate through the entire club. It didn't slow her down though, she came back at me with her next thrust being even harder driving both my dick and thumb deeper into both her holes. Her sphincter tightened around my thumb like a vice with so much force I thought she might break it.This chick loved it up the ass!I was going to have fun with her. But that was for another night.
By this point I was wearing down, and I could feel my climax coming soon. I pulled my thumb out of her ass, flipped her over, this time onto her back and I slid in between her legs. I thrusting into her again, a little less forcibly now but I leaned down and kissed her. Whatever momentary flash of anger I had had before was gone. This girl was a keeper. As we kissed and fucked, her arms wrapped around my neck, and her legs wrapped around my back, hooking her ankles together. We fucked like that for a minute or two more before we both started speeding up, both chasing that final climax of the night.
"Cum for me" I whispered as I thrust slow and deep into her one final time, I felt her tighten in my arms and we came together, silent and frozen in time. My arms gave out and I collapsed on top of her as softy as I could.
- - -
CLOSING TIME
- - -
We just laid there for a few moments, trying to catch our breath. Through my fading eyes I watched her, breathing hard, eyes screwed shut. I leaned in and gave Amber one last soft kiss, her eyes opening with a murmur.
It was only then that I noticed the music had stopped and I actually heard clapping and what sounded like cheering. Looking up, I almost wish I hadn't. Between the weed, the balloons, the booze and the good olde-fashioned sex-fueled adrenaline, I had completely forgotten that I had been fucking these two beautiful women in the middle of a packed nightclub, only separated by a sheer curtain that clearly did nothing except provide the illusion of privacy. I had been fucking them in the clear view of the entire club and people had definitely noticed. We had become the show of the night, and luckily it seemed like it had been a good show, people were still clapping and laughing. Half embarrassed, half proud, I sat back up and grabbed my shirt. I don't even know when it came off. After putting it back on, I helped Amber sort her dress back into some what of a fit shape. I then went and found my pants and put them back on as well. Minh and Hong were cuddled up together on the couch, their clothes already back on, apparently having fallen asleep in each others arms as they watched our performance. But we got them up and moving. Cici on the other hand was a little harder to wake up. She was out cold and didn't want to get up.
We tried to get her moving for a few minutes before the bar manager, Mai, turned up out of nowhere wearing a triumphant smile on her face. She looked at me and nodded as if to say "well done" but then turned her eyes to Cici passed out cold. She told us not to worry about it, Cici did this all the time and that Mai had a bed in the back office for just such occasions. So, I went over and lifted Cici up in my arms and carried her after Mai as she led us to a back room. It was a nice office, fairly fancy, and against the back wall was a queen size bed. I brought Cici over and laid her down. I reached over, grabbed the coverlet and pulled it over her, tucking her in.
I leaned over and kissed the top of her head. Her eyes still shut, she let out a soft murmur, "Thanksss for tonight, told you. Magic." Was all I got, before she passed back out. I kissed her again, turned out the lights, and made my way back to the survivors of the night.
Amber came over to me my hat back on her head and asked me if I could give her a lift home, I said of course. I looked at my watch and saw that it was already 7AM. Fuck! That was a long night. I was tired, but between the 6 hours of little drinking and plenty of physical workout, I was more than able to drive us home.
It's a strange feeling leaving a dark and closed off bar at 7AM. You're half drunk and tired, the sun is bright, and everyone else is heading into work. Luckily today was my day off, so I could just crash once I got home, and that sounded good. But first I had to get Amber home safe, which of course I did. As we came up to her house a few miles away, she got off the bike, handed me back my helmet, and reached down the front of her dress and pulled out my baseball cap and put it back on her head. It was clearly too big for her, but she really did look cute in it. A little ridiculous, but very cute.
"Like I said, I'm keeping this. But if you want to see it again, you're going to have to ask me out on a proper date next time." She said while excessively batting her eyes, that evil little glint back again.
I returned her smile and promised her I definitely would. She leaned in and gave me a kiss that almost had me falling off my bike. But it ended pretty quickly as we heard movement in her house. She gave me a tiny, little wave, turned around and bounced into her house. I watched her ass shake the whole way in, knowing that next time I would have to play with it just a little bit more.
I started my engine, and tiredly made my way back home. I pulled into my alley, and saw someone standing right by my doorway/garage with a couple of suitcases, apparently trying to ring the door bell and wake me up, which wasn't working... because I hadn't been home. As I got closer, she turned and look towards me.
Those eyes. She was here. Thuy.