This is the third chapter in a short series of photoshoots I did for my loving husband Greg. I suggest you read the previous chapters before this one as it will be easier to follow, but it's not totally necessary. I hope you enjoy it, vote, leave comments, or send a message.
Before going to sleep Greg asked if I would do a third photoshoot, and I answered no, not without you being there. As we went to sleep he whispered to me, "We will have to see what we can do about that."
It has been weeks since I gave Greg the photo album from the second photoshoot, and we look at both of them often. He still thanks me for posing for them, and tells me he wants me to do another shoot, "with a little more." He never tells me what a little more is and I haven't really pressed the issue, and I can't imagine how much more I could do, as I was totally nude for the second one.
One night in bed we had looked at the albums and were making love, and I asked him to tell me exactly what he wanted me to do at the next photoshoot. Greg took a deep breath and told me he loved seeing the pictures of me nude with Kevin touching and holding me, and loved hearing all about how I was turned on, and all the details during the shoot. What he would really like to see is Kevin doing more than just touching and holding me. Then me telling him all about it later in bed. He went on to say how beautiful I was, and how proud he was of me, and that he loved showing me off to other men. He said it turned him on knowing I was desired and lusted after by other guys, but knowing I was his, and his only.
I didn't know what to say to him, as I was still trying to process in my head what he had just told me. About the only thing I could do that would be more than what I had already done, was to have sex with Kevin. I didn't know for sure if that is what Greg meant, but I wanted him to tell me exactly what he wanted. It was my turn to take a deep breath before answering, so I just asked if he wanted me to have sex with Kevin.
His answer was to kiss me deeply and then with a shy look on his face he said he didn't know. I want to see you turn on someone else the way you turn me on. I don't know that I would want you to actually have sex with him, and I don't want you to do anything you're uncomfortable with or don't want to do. I didn't know how to respond to that. So with another deep breath I told him I would have to think about what he had just asked me to do.
Before falling asleep that night my thoughts were jumbled, and my brain was confused. I kept asking myself, did he really want me to have sex with Kevin? Was he going to go with me and watch? Could I actually go through with it if that's what he wanted, with him watching? I would do most anything to please the man I loved, but was he asking too much from me this time?
When I awoke the next morning I had made up my mind, if that's what I had to do to please Greg, then that's what I would do. I knew he would do anything I asked of him, so I would do this to please him.
That evening in bed before I told Greg I would do the photoshoot however he wanted me to, I asked if he would be there watching? To be frank I didn't know if I could do it with him watching. He told me that no, he didn't want to watch, because he thought I would not be his pretty little shy wife, I would lose my innocent look and my reaction with Kevin would be different with him there. He was also afraid he would become jealous. So it was settled that I would do the photoshoot, his way without him being there. I felt relieved for the first time in days and soon fell asleep.
The next day I called Kelly and explained to her how Greg wanted the shoot to go, and what he wanted me to do. She was very supportive and assured me it would be great for me, and then let me in on a little secret. She had done the very same thing with Kevin, as Bill took pictures of the whole scene. It had started as a nude shoot for her, but progressed way beyond what was planned, and she and Kevin had had sex in front of the camera, and Bill. She told me another little secret that Kevin was really well endowed and she was sure if it went that far, I would enjoy him, because she sure had. She promised she would be there to help and support me.
We set up the shoot for the very next Saturday afternoon. Kevin would be there to model with me, along with another of Bill's friends Jeff, who would help out because Kevin would not be able to, because he was part of the shoot. Now I would be nude in front of three different men, and possibly have sex with Kevin. I thought what am I getting myself into?'
On the morning of the shoot I pampered myself, I had to look my best. I did all the girl things, shower, hair, makeup, shaved my legs and my pubes. I had not decided what to wear as I looked through the closet, but then a button down, off white top caught my eye, it would be perfect. Then I saw a kind of dressy, maroon skirt that ended six inches above my knees, and my outerwear was complete. Now for underwear what should it be? I tried on a few different sets and finally decided on a black lace bra and thong set. They were not transparent but left little to the imagination, besides I probably wouldn't be wearing them for very long anyway.
I was ready to leave at 11:30 because it was only a ten minute drive and we were supposed to start at noon. As Greg kissed me goodbye he whispered in my ear that he loved me, thanked me for doing this for him, and told me to do as little or as much as I was comfortable with, and to tell him all about it when I got home. And to have fun. I kissed him, told him I loved him or I wouldn't be doing this, and I told him that I thought I knew what he wanted me to do. And deep inside I hoped that my thoughts were right. As I was driving I tried to tell myself that I was doing this for Greg, but I might as well enjoy myself.
When I walked into Kelly's kitchen I was greeted by Kelly, Bill, Kevin, and Jeff. Great, now I would be nude in front of a whole camera crew. Kelly informed me that this shoot would take place in her bedroom and the guys had everything set up there and ready to go. So up the stairs we went to Kelly's bedroom.
Kelly took the lead because she knew what I wanted to do to please Greg during the shoot. It's a good thing their house is older with a huge master bedroom, as there was a queen size bed and a loveseat and all the lights and tripods took up a lot of room.
To begin, Kelly had me sit on the loveseat sideways looking at a magazine, legs under me, with my skirt pulled way up, exposing my thighs almost to my thong. She had Kevin enter the picture, sit beside me, and wrap his arms around me. Bill was all the while snapping shots, as Kevin's hands began caressing my body as he kissed my neck. She told us to progress to making out and Kevin unbuttoned my top and slid it from my shoulders. Next he unhooked my bra and slid it from my shoulders also, and started kissing my lips and caressing my breasts. I could feel myself responding to his kisses and touch by becoming aroused and very wet between the legs.
Kelly had us stand so Kevin could remove my skirt and slide my thong to the floor. Now totally nude, with Kevin's hands lightly caressing every part of my body he gently pushed me toward the bed, and I began to undress him. I pulled his shirt over his head and unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans, and slid them to the floor. Now sitting on the bed his erect penis was at my eye level, and Kelly was correct, his penis was very big. He was at least two inches or more longer than Greg's six inches, and almost twice as thick. I had thoughts that if I did go through with this, his monster may not fit inside me.
Kelly positioned us on the bed and we assumed various poses with her direction. She had us kiss for close up shots, Kevin kissing my breasts and nipples, his hands and lips exploring my whole body. One shot was of my hands wrapped around his monster, well partially around it as my fingers had a big gap as they were not long enough to encircle it, because it was so thick. With both hands stacked on his manhood, like it was a baseball bat, I would have needed a third hand to completely engulf it.
Kelly had close up shots of my open mouth, with his penis almost touching my lips, and my eyes looking at the camera. Shots of my legs spread and knees up and apart, with Kevin's fingers inside me. In the same pose showing his lips and tongue only a fraction of an inch from my sex, and then with him between my legs and that monster, only a half inch away, appearing as if it was ready to slip inside me.
All through this part of the shoot I was getting more and more turned on. It must have affected Kevin the same way as his erection never wavered. I was sure the close up shots of my sex would show my juices glistening. During the shots of Kevin's tongue nearly touching me, and his warm breath on my clit I don't know how I didn't climax.
After nearly two hours they had shot everything Kelly had wanted and the shoot came to an end. As I got dressed and ready to leave Kevin kissed me and thanked me for letting him do the shoot with me. As I drove home I wondered if Greg would be satisfied with the new album when it was finished.
When I walked in the door at home Greg asked how it went and I told him good, very good. That night in bed as we made love, he asked me a million questions, and I told him he had to wait for the pictures for me to answer. I would explain all about what happened as we looked at the album, he wasn't thrilled but accepted my answer.
It wasn't till the following Thursday that Kelly called to say the album was ready for me to pick up. She and I sat at her table and went through the album and each photo. It brought back all the memories of last Saturday, and all the emotions that went with it. Kelly had done a masterful job of using the correct photos in the correct order to tell the story she and I had wanted to convey. As I headed home I tried to assure myself that I had done the right thing and Greg would understand and love it.
I didn't tell Greg I had the album until we were in bed that night. When I asked him to turn the bedside lamp on and I retrieved the album he smiled. We propped ourselves up on pillows and he opened the album to the first page. He insisted I narrate each picture, how it was taken and my feelings on what was taking place.
First was Kevin's arms around me while I looked at the magazine on the love seat, with the skirt hiked up almost to my thong. Next was Kevin and I kissing and Greg began to get aroused. The pictures progressed through us kissing and Kevin undressing me. When I started to undress Kevin, I was worried about what Greg's reaction would be. When I pulled his jeans and boxers down, and that monster sprang out, Greg commented about his size, and we had to take a short break to make out. So far I was happy with Greg's response, I thought he was liking all of it.
The next series had us on the bed and Kevin's hands roaming my body. Greg asked how it felt to have someone else touching me in all those intimate places? I couldn't lie to him, so I told him it really turned me on, especially when he fingered my clit and slipped his fingers inside me. He said he could see my juices in the close up pictures, as he now slipped his fingers inside me, just as Kevin had done. Greg touching me now brought back the memories of last Saturday, when Kevin was doing the same thing to me.
When Greg saw the shot of my hands stacked on Kevin's manhood, and the three or more inches that were not covered by my hands, he said I guess he is a little longer and thicker than me. The next ones showed my lips only half an inch from his erection, with my mouth open like I was ready to suck him. Greg said you sure teased the poor guy, you could have at least given him a blow job. Greg's reaction and the words he was saying to me, assured me that I had done just the right things during the shoot.
As we gazed at page after page of the album we had to stop for make out breaks, and they were hot. The last series started with me on my back, legs spread wide, with knees up and apart, and Kevin's tongue almost touching my clit while he held my lips open. Greg asked if Kevin had licked me? I didn't answer but I'm sure he guessed correctly that Kevin had. The last page shows me in the same position, but with that monster poised to slide inside me, only a half inch away.
Greg didn't ask, he laid the album aside and took me like never before. He was not gentle, and I didn't expect him to be. We both wanted it to be hard and rough. As soon as he plunged into me my climax started, and within a couple minutes Greg was filling me with his hot cum. We were both breathless and lay there panting. He thanked me over and over, for the photoshoot and the never to be forgotten sex we had just experienced.
After a short break we were in each other's arms for round two, at a much slower pace. Greg started asking questions then, about how I felt and what did I like best, and I answered them all truthfully, I loved all of it, and would have done most anything because I was so turned on. I think Greg was a little disappointed that I hadn't done more, I think he had wanted me to have sex with Kevin. We eventually fell asleep happy in each other's arms
The next evening as we got into bed, I again asked Greg to leave the bedside lamp on as I wanted to look at the album again. He agreed and I retrieved album #3 from my nightstand. We were only a few pages in when he and I began to make out hot and heavy. I tried to slow everything down a little as I wanted the pleasure to last as long or longer than last night.
While kissing me Greg asked if I had thought about going farther than I did last Saturday, and I asked him if that was what he had wanted me to do. He replied that he had left it up to me to use my own judgment, but deep inside yes, he had wanted me to have sex with Kevin. I took the album from him and put it back in the nightstand, as he asked what I was doing.
When I pulled out a second album, Greg looked at me with a puzzled expression as I handed it to him. As he opened to the first page he was treated to a close up of the head of Kevin's monster in my mouth. The next shot was nearly half of it in my mouth. Next was Kevin on his back, me straddling him, with my back to his face, and his erection standing up proud along my pelvis, almost to my belly button. So far Greg had not said a word, and I began to worry just a little.
The next shot was of me still straddling Kevin, only now facing him, with his erection now nestled between my butt cheeks. The following page showed me on my back, legs again spread wide, knees pulled up and apart, and just the head of Kevin's manhood inside of me. Greg was spellbound with a dazed look on his face. I explained to him that I thought all along that that was what he had wanted from me, and because I loved him I did what I thought he wanted.
Next was a close up of my sex, with Kevin's length half way in, stretched to the limit to accommodate his girth. The shaft was covered in my juices, all the way to the base. As Greg turned the page he saw all nine inches of Kevin's manhood buried deep inside me. The last few pages show us in various positions, me riding Kevin, facing him and facing away. Me on all fours with him taking me from behind. The next page shows me on my back, legs spread, with Kevin buried in me, but from a low angle behind him. The very last page is a close up showing me in the same leg spread position as before, on my back with Kevin's cum running out of my gapping sex, and my fingers massaging my clit. Greg still hadn't uttered a word.
That was it. Now I'll know for sure just what Greg was expecting me to do. If I was wrong he may never speak to me again. I hope I was right. Greg moved the album aside and took me in his arms. He whispered I love what you did for me and I love you. Thank you for all of it and I hope you enjoyed it.
As we began to make love, the questions started. Here are some of them and my answers. He asked if I took him all the way into my mouth? No, I could not take it all in my mouth, not even half, and it was so thick it hurt my jaw. Did it hurt when that big cock of his first went in? It didn't hurt when just the head went in but I could feel myself being stretched. When he slowly pushed inside me, he took his time, just an inch or two at a time, till he was all the way in. It was very uncomfortable at first, but it felt much better after just a few minutes. The feeling of total fullness is something I had never experienced before. He let me get accustomed to his size before he started to thrust in and out. He was very gentle at first and then began to thrust harder and harder, and always deep, all the way in until I think he was hitting my cervix.
Did he make me cum? Yes he made me come. Hard. Just like my husband does. The first time with his fingers and tongue, the second time very soon after he entered me, and the third time soon after that. Were you sore the next day? Yes I was most definitely sore for a couple days. So I see you did let him cum inside you? I did, but we both got carried away, I really didn't want him to cum in me, but yes, I let him cum inside me. Did Kevin enjoy fucking my beautiful wife? I guess he enjoyed it, he did cum inside me didn't he.
For the next hour or more, I don't really know how long it was, we made sweet slow love. We discussed all three of the photoshoots, and how much fun I had, and how much fun we both had gazing at the albums and making love. I will probably never do it again, but I wouldn't have missed any of it. To this day those albums never cease to excite us, and always lead to to some very passionate, loving sex.
Thanks for reading and we welcome your votes and comments, and love your messages.