I'd lost focus in the last class of the day as my mind drifted to my planned extra curricular activities afterwards. I spent the majority of the class blankly staring at my teacher explaining some concept of physics that I didn't fully understand.
I was 18 at the time in my last year of high school with no real aspirations of studying at university or anything like that. I'd recently started wearing thong panties and had thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
Coming from a very conservative upbringing, I knew my parents wouldn't approve of my choice of underwear so I had a stash under my bed that I'd try to sneakily wash whenever they weren't home. It felt great having the piece of fabric wedged into my ass, failing to cover a vital component of what was under the mini skirt of my school uniform. It felt even better when it was a vibrant colour, begging to be seen, making it easy to catch in the event of a wardrobe malfunction.
I'd been spending a lot of my lunch breaks sitting around with my friends of both guys and girls with my legs innocently open. It led to a couple usual suspects not so subtly leaning around to check out my panties, often leaving my pussy in a state of wetness by the end of lunch.
It was especially great because I always opted to match my bra to my panties, I love the organised feeling as well as feeling as if I was preparing for my underwear to be seen. My white blouse for my uniform made it easy to see the various different coloured bras through the material, all that was needed was a little leg spread for a horny guy to know exactly what I was wearing underneath my uniform.
Anyway, eventually my last class of the day ended and I hopped on a bus to the shopping mall about half an hour away. On the bus ride over I couldn't help but notice the seepage in my pink cotton thong from a few cheeky flashes at lunch and all my naughty thoughts during class. I continuously wiggled around in my seat as I struggled to get comfortable, a little restless from my heightened sex drive.
Against the odds, I survived the bus ride to the mall and disembarked with a spring in my step. I made a beeline for the department/clothes store to do some panty shopping! Since I was loving the thongs so far, I thought I'd give a g string a go to step things up a little.
After making my way across the mall and into the underwear section of the store, I folded the waistband of my pleated skirt to shorten it and pulled it higher up my waist until the hem of my skirt sat level with the bottom of my butt cheek. It felt like anyone lower than eye level could see the small patch of pink covering my pussy.
I could barely focus my eyes on the racks as my mind was screaming at me to yank my skirt down. My ass was feeling all sorts of cool air it wasn't used to seeing. The hem of my skirt peeled away from me with every step I took, gently slapping against the bottom of my ass as it bounced back. It felt so sexy to have the entirety of my legs from ass to ankle on show.
When I started getting used to wearing my skirt sky high, I could finally refocus on the task at hand. I flicked through various different thongs and g strings before pulling out a select few to try on. My heart raced as I scurried my way across the aisles holding a handful of raunchy panties in my school uniform with my skirt daringly high.
I breathed a shuddering sigh of relief once I pulled the curtain shut in the dressing room, my nerve racking panty run over for the timebeing. Unslinging my backpack and kicking off my shoes and socks, I stripped off to my matching pink cotton thong and bra, my white toe nails adding a nice touch to my look. Placing my hands on my hips and pointing my toes, I posed for myself in several positions, smiling as I checked myself out in the mirror. A few poses in, I noticed a slither of wetness running along the outside of the crotch of my panties.
Seeing how wet I'd gotten from the last couple of hours made me shudder as an ooze of wetness trickled out from me. I unhooked my bra clasp, ushering the straps off my shoulders and watched as it fell to the carpet at my bare feet. My B cup breasts revealed themselves to me, irresistibly begging me to grab them. I gave them an erotic squeeze before peeling my wet panties away from my body. Strands of my juices formed as the crotch of the panties separated from the pussy they'd been glued to. I bit my lip and shut my eyes as I let go of the waistband and danced the thong down my legs.
Now fully nude, I stepped back into the curtain all the way at the threshold of the door and pressed my ass into it. With my feet half outside the change room, I poked my ass a little further out, creating a rather large gap in the curtain so I could be visible from the aisle formed from all the separate changing rooms. Ignoring if anybody was around, I smiled at myself in the mirror before walking back inside to regain my modesty.
With a lovely coat of wetness over my pussy I tried on my favourite of the g strings I picked out. It was leopard print and had a cute triangle of material over my clean shaved mons before quickly turning to a slither of material over my pussy and a black string through my ass, forming a 'T' where it met the string waistband. The waistband strings tracked around the front and also formed a neat border of black around all the leopard patterns. As I pulled the material up I first noticed my pussy juices smoosh into the tiny crotch of the panties, one of my pussy lips instantly slipping out the side.
I moaned at the exposure of my pussy from the inability of the panties to cover me.
"Fuuu... uuuck." I moaned again as I pulled the waistband up and felt the string wedge itself into my ass.
Tugging the panties up higher than they would sit normally, I shuddered as I thoroughly enjoyed feeling the tension of the string pulling deep into my ass as well as the crotch of the panties burying itself into my pussy, my lips curling around the material as it disappeared into my box gap.
Looking at myself in the mirror, my pussy continued to dribble as I watched the g string utterly fail to cover any of my privates. My nipples had perked right up and I rubbed my middle finger along my slit through the thin layer of cotton, wettening by the second. A light moan slipped from within me as I stopped myself from having an orgasm with a mere curtain protecting my dignity.
Recovering myself, I stripped off the g string and popped my underwear and uniform back on, appreciating the moment the puddle in my pink panties amalgamated with my soaking wet pussy. As I was loving the leopard g string and was super excited to wear it, I didn't bother trying on the others as they were a similar style and size to the one I tried. So with that I made my way to the register.
"Hiii!" I warmly greeted the cashier, a girl in her early to mid 20s.
My warm smile was wiped off my face as I realised how wet I'd made the panties as I handed the pile over to her.
"Hey there!" She replied, matching my original smiley energy.
"Ohhh these are cute." She commented
"Yeahhh" I agreed.
"Oh!" She exclaimed as her hand brushed against the sopping wet crotch of the leopard panties.
I felt my stomach twist as my soul just about left my body for dead. My legs and my hands started shaking from embarrassment as I failed to think of something to say to get me out of the situation.
"Yeahh sorryyyy, they were really hot." I sheepishly replied.
Her grimace transitioned to an uncomfortable laugh as she wiped her hand on her pants.
"I'll pop these in a bag for you." She added as I paid.
"Thank youuuu!" I blushed, relieved that she had handled herself with so much class.
With my skirt still hiked up to my ass, I hurried to the public toilets, red faced from both the height of my skirt as well as having my fresh pussy juices felt up by the girl at the register.
Shutting myself into a cubicle, I sat on a toilet with my face buried in my hands, still fully clothed while my heart thumped itself out of my chest. I took a few breaths before realising how wet I'd gotten from the whole ordeal.
"My God you fucking slut." I quietly sighed as I peeled my soiled panties away from my pussy, a white creamy fluid pooling in my panties.
The aroma of my wet, throbbing sex quickly filled the cubicle as I found myself stripping naked. Suddenly my bra was sitting above my blouse and skirt on top of my school bag, my shoes on the tiled floor next to them with my socks tucked inside. My panties hung off the door hook, the soaking wet crotch teasingly facing me at just above eye level. It was time to address the wet mess between my legs.
Without a pause for hesitation, my right middle finger slipped straight inside my pussy, my natural lubrication making light work of it. I pressed my palm into my clit, the abundance of juices squelching from the hydraulic pressure. I clutched at my left tit with my other hand as I spread my knees to the cubicle walls either side of me.
Giving my titty a quick smear of my arousal fluids, I rubbed my nipple as I fingered fucked myself, my palm grinding along my clit simultaneously. My wet thong dangling near my face reminded me of the naughty girl I'd been, wetting my pink thong during class while thinking about trying on panties that didn't actually cover anything downstairs.
"Oh God!" I silently muttered as the cubicle door next to me was shut and locked.
Lifting a foot in the air, my mouth involuntarily opened and my eyes rolled as I felt myself begin to climax from the sloppy pummelling I was giving myself. I had one last glimpse at my wet panties before shutting my eyes and leaning back into the toilet, throwing my other leg wildly against the cubicle wall while doing so. My legs twitched against both walls as my torso shivered in pleasure.
"Ohh!" I let slip as my pussy ejected a gooey mess of fluid, chunks of white mixed amongst it all, half of it dribbling onto the toilet seat whilst the rest disappeared into my ass.
I paused with my calves vertical, my feet pushing against the walls with almost enough pressure to push the whole thing down against the poor woman trying to pee next door. With my cum smeared all between my legs, my hand and my sex, I began to catch my breath, a little stuck in the position I'd slid into during my orgasm.
Eventually I mustered the strength to bring my legs down and pull myself up, a white, creamy mess everywhere. Doing my best to clean up my hands so I could get dressed, I still smeared the odd bit of cum on my clothes in the process. I exchanged my pink thong for the leopard g string, the lightly crusty material quickly wettening again as it reunited with my cum soaked pussy.
I folded the waistband of my skirt a few times and sat it below my hip bones, just covering the very top of the leopard pattern panties. Grabbing the string waistbands of my g string, I pulled them up to my waist on both sides, wincing in pleasure as the material embedded itself deep into my ass and pussy, my lips forced out the sides of the slither of fabric.
With the rest of my clothes on, I stepped out of the cubicle to check out my panty styling efforts. The black strings were visible if you had a good look at my blouse but they didn't stick out the same way my pink bra did, the same could be said for the whale tail I was sporting at the back above my skirt too. With everyone else currently in cubicles doing their business, I flicked up the back of my skirt to be deeply pleased by the sight of my labia curled around a tiny black string that I could barely make out, a film of my white creamy fluids spread all over my inner thighs.
A flush of a toilet shook me back to reality as I flicked my skirt back down in time for a middle aged woman to emerge from a cubicle. We exchanged smiles as I washed the cum off my hands, the woman blissfully unaware of my desire to have my skirt hiked up and my cum smeared pussy played with. It felt so damn sexy feeling my skirt on my bare skin with so much tension on my pussy through to my ass.
With the other lady leaving the bathroom, I tugged my skirt up a little bit and tucked it under my backpack, leaving a nice amount of my ass exposed. I shuddered as the feeling of the material of the skirt on my bare ass turned to a crisp cool draft from within the bathroom. Turning to face my ass to the mirror, I could see the bottom of my ass cheeks hanging out. As I bent over with my feet a little less than shoulder width apart I spotted an ever so small patch of my tiny panties amongst my rather exposed pussy.
"Fuck yeah." I said to myself as I took my hands off my skirt and strutted out of the bathroom.
With my ass airing itself out to the world, I made my way to the food court. It was jam packed with people everywhere. There were people grocery shopping, girls from other schools in the area hanging around, some maybe even panty shopping like myself. That made me wonder, were these other girls wearing thongs and g strings too? If so did they feel the same way I did about them too? I wasn't the only girl in a short skirt either, most girls had their skirts just below the ass too, they just had the decency to keep their skirt from pulling up unlike me. Oh and they probably didn't have cum all over their legs.
I approached a bakery while shaking with nerves of excitement, horniness and embarassment all at the same time. I kept my feet nice and wide apart to give the best viewing platform of everything I was sporting downstairs. I bent over in a few different ways as I 'um'd and uh'd' my way through all the options. Every now and then I'd stand up on my tippy toes and then flop back down onto the soles of my shoes again, making my ass shake and jiggle a little. It certainly felt like I was the one in a glass box on display instead of the baked goods under the counter. I smiled as I felt the trickle between my legs continue to seep into my panties.
It felt like I was literally bottomless in the thick of the shopping mall, as if I could look down and see my soaking wet pussy wink back at me. I crossed my arms and put my best thinking face on, bending over a little by the hips, I poked my bare ass out while I checked out some sugary delights on the bottom shelf. Every now and then my inner thighs would touch as I wandered back and forth, sharing the smear of cum between both thighs.
I danced my ass around in front of the glass panel for a little while, my pussy lubricating itself in the process. I felt like if I bent over for long enough a stranger's erect cock would slip straight in me from behind to fuck my brains out, bypassing the little string I called modesty over my pussy. But that situation never arose. A little bummed, I left the bakery and made my way to the escalators which were conveniently placed in the middle of the food court.
The tension on my pussy from my wetness and tight panties was unfathomable. I could feel the gazes across the entire courtyard on me as I stepped up to the bottom of the escalator, goosebumps forming on my butt cheeks.
As the steps croaked along I began my journey up. With my feet shoulder width apart and my toes pointed slightly inward, I rode the escalator up unsure of what was on display. My pussy was definitely out, my parted legs made sure of that. I just couldn't tell if people could see my slither of panty wedged in there in a poor attempt of having some decency. Could they see the cum smears on my thighs? Or had they dried?
"Whatever it is its fucking hot." I whispered to myself as my pussy continued to ooze its juices out in appreciation.
The torturously slow journey up teased me as the tremendous tension from my sex begged me to hike up my skirt entirely and bend over for the world to see my sexy cum catching g string. I wondered if anybody had noticed my panty strings on the side or if their eyes were glued on my little ass freely hanging out. Eventually I made it to the top and did a quick lap around the higher level. There was a glass balustrade that lined the edge of the level which I hugged as I meandered around, giving everyone below the best chance to catch some ass.
I still felt prying eyes all over my ass as I forced myself to slow my walking pace down, my heart thumping its way to a panic attack from the nerves. With the thin black string wedged in my ass, it honestly probably looked like I had no panties on which was kind of hot but I wanted people to know I was naughty enough to wear a skimpy pair of panties.
As I passed halfway around the railing, I spotted three flat lounges lined up a metre or so back from the glass. I sat down at one end with my ass facing the glass. A group of boys my age sat at the other end, taking turns looking my way before continuing their conversation. I wondered if they were checking me out and talking about me or if they just had a look to acknowledge who was around them.
"Let's go with checking me out." I voiced as I tucked a little more of my skirt up my bag.
With my skirt now completely above my butt, I sat with my legs crossed, my ankles under my thighs and got my phone out. With my ass all the way at the back of the seat, it was neatly placed on a podium for everyone below me to see, the black string making a brief appearance out between my cheeks before darting up my skirt. As my thighs were spread apart in my seating arrangement and my skirt had flared up, my pussy was now also on show front on, the patch of leopard panty miserably failing to cover my pussy as it faded to string shortly after my clit.
I turned my phone camera on and popped it on 0.5x zoom and recorded a video. I pulled the phone all the way up to my face as if I was obsessed with something on it and watched the video as I recorded. You could see my skirt flared up with a small slither of leopard print across my mons before getting a good view of people's reactions as they passed.
It probably wouldn't surprise anyone that just about all the older men snapped their necks and stared between my legs. Most younger guys did too and most women had a good look before looking away. I mean I'd look too. It was fucking hot having my legs innocently parted to show off my ill fitting sexy panties whilst also baring all out the back for the other half of the shopping centre to see.
It wasn't long before the slimy wetness in my panties grew. It felt like I'd soaked them end to end and they were about to start dripping onto the lounge. It was all making me so fucking horny. Soon enough the video ticked over fifteen minutes long so I decided maybe it was time to move on. With my urge to flash myself still high and my legs lacking a little circulation, I stood up awkwardly with my skirt creased up at the front. Leaving my phone recording while facing up, I stood with my ass facing it while blood circulated to my legs again before turning around with my skirt still flared out. I paused for a few seconds as a young looking couple wheeling a trolley passed behind me. Once I could feel them directly behind me I bent over a little generously and picked up my phone before fixing up the front of my skirt.
With my ass still completely out, I raced off to the bathroom on that level, a spring in my step as the embarassment began to take over with my entire ass hanging out, it no longer looked like a wardrobe malfunction but more like a streak. Thoughts of how many people's days I'd made flooded my mind as I locked myself into a cubicle and flung my sopping panties down with ease as my skirt was already hiked up so high.
I ushered a moan as I saw the gooey, creamy mess pooling in the crotch of my panties, my juices wrapping around the string, unable to soak into the material anymore. The cubicle filled with the aroma of my sex juices. I shuddered as it felt like my horniness levels had peaked and couldn't possibly get higher. I was almost ready to run out naked and spread my legs in the middle of the food court until someone would fuck me senseless. I refrained, but compromised. Instead, I dropped my panties to my ankles and stepped out of them, stuffing the wet material into my bra, erecting my nipple in the process.
"What the fuck are you doing!?" I screamed at myself, filtering it to a whisper inside my cubicle as I stood, pantyless.
Ignoring my sense of dignity, I pulled my skirt up again. At first only halfway, then I tugged it higher, then higher until the entire crack was visible at the top. I modestly flattened the hem of my skirt down the sides so it covered the top sides of my cheeks, basically allowing a pyramid of ass visibility.
Despite the leopard print panties being so tiny, I felt so bare without them. My pussy was free from the tension I'd created by pulling my panties up so tight. I took a few deep breaths as I stood in the cubicle, slowing my astronomical heart rate down while embracing the bareness of my attire. My pussy freely drooled as I bent my knees and pressed my thighs together in a poor attempt of stimulating my desperate pussy. I felt like I could use an orgasm to release myself from all this sexual tension before I threw myself at someone begging them to fuck me. Instead I opted to tease myself longer and opened the cubicle door and made my way out.
With my ass on display, I hustled across the mall, copping what felt like an endless stream of both judgemental and pervy looks in my stride. I let out a moan as I pictured myself walking along with my ass out, exaggerating the wetness of my pussy leaving a trail of drops behind me, leaving hints for where all the hard cocks should go. My streak lasted a few good minutes as I made my way down an escalator and walked back out to the bus stop.
When I made it to the road and saw all the cars buzzing through in peak traffic time, all of them able to see my ass if they wanted to, I got a bit scared and pulled my skirt back down to just cover my ass. My pussy was loving it though, I managed to quickly sneak a finger up my skirt to quickly scoop out a mountain of juices, smearing it on my knee as I quickly realised I had no idea what to do with it.
I had a seat on a silver bench, it had aluminium slats across with finger sized gaps between them. As I waited for my bus, I shut my eyes and imagined myself peacefully sitting on the bench while a stranger abruptly stuck his finger up my pussy from between the slats. I bit my lip as I pictured him finger fucking me to a violent orgasm, milking my pussy of all the juices it could offer, my viscous cum slowly drooping down below the seat until it pooled on the ground below.
My sexy imagination was rudely interrupted when my bus pulled up in front of me, a line already forming to board. I threw my backpack on as I joined the line, genuinely ensuring my privates were covered by my skirt this time, despite the hem of it still sitting quite high. Huddled in at the back of the line, I slyly slipped my finger up my skirt to check the wetness situation. I was pleasantly surprised when my finger emerged from my skirt sopping wet again.
"Oh you're loving this aren't you." I thought to myself as I hopped on the bus.
There weren't any seats available so I stood in the middle of the aisle behind a couple of girls my age from another school. Sitting in the aisle seats either side of me was an old lady on one side and a middle aged corporate looking guy on the other. I faced my ass to the old lady, lining the front of my skirt up with the man's face. Edging a bit closer, I paused and shifted my feet to around shoulder width apart. Looking out the window above him, I pretended to be oblivious to the fact that the hem of my skirt was just above the height of his shoulder.
I was so fucking horny at this stage it took every ounce of me to stop myself from hiking my skirt up and grinding my clit on his face. The fact that my panties were tucked in my bra did my sex drive no favours either. It was driving me insane that my bare fucking pussy was on the other side of the little piece of fabric dangling next to his face. I really wanted to just rest the hem of my skirt on his shoulder and press myself into his arm, inviting him inside my body.
I gripped on the poles of the bus so tightly as I fought back all my sexual urges to just throw myself at this man, my pussy continuously lathering itself in juices, begging for some attention. I imagined him sneaking a finger between my legs, his hand making its way up between my thighs until it touched my pussy. He'd give me a dirty look when he felt how wet I'd gotten for him. Without breaking the eye contact, he'd plunge his finger inside me and I'd moan as he fingered me while I stood on the bus.
Back to reality, a very naughty idea came to mind as the buzzer for the bus to stop went off. A couple of people gently pushed their way down the aisle between all the people standing as they made their way to the front of the bus. As they passed the girls next to me, I leaned forward onto the man in front of me. I shuddered as I felt the hem of my skirt peel up my bare ass behind me before being met by a guy's trousers as he brushed past me, followed by the next guy's hip dragging across my cheeks. Meanwhile, the front of my skirt had indeed landed on the sitting man's shoulder, so I took the most of the opportunity and quickly dipped down as I pulled myself back into the middle of the aisle, my pussy briefly touching the shoulder of his suit jacket.
"Oh, sorry!" I lightly laughed as I peeled myself off him.
I looked back to see the old lady staring at my behind, perhaps getting a view of my pussy as my legs were parted and my skirt was up my ass a few inches. Ignoring the judgemental look she was giving me, I took a deep breath as I celebrated the success of my pussy kiss on the man. However, my celebration was short lived. I smelt a very familiar smell. I sniffed a few times as I tested my memory, my fucking pussy.
"Oh God." I muttered to myself under my breath.
The aroma of my wet sex juices had slowly filled the area around me. If I could smell it from where I was standing I was certain the man could too, given that his face was just about buried in it. I looked down and spotted a small wet smear on his shoulder.
"Holy shit!" I thought. My pussy ached in response.
Now I was starting to feel a little uncomfortable. My pussy had gotten so wet and I'd gotten so horny that I smeared myself on this man and now he was bathing in my aroma. My aching pussy leeched some more as I felt myself beginning to blush. Luckily enough for me, my stop was coming up in the next few minutes so I held myself together until then.
My mind raced in the meantime, was the man enjoying himself? Or was he uncomfortable with a girl in her school uniform presenting her pussy to him like that. Did he know I wasn't wearing panties? He probably thought I was underage and didn't want any trouble. Either way I'm sure at some point he was going to have a wank over me and I loved knowing that. I sure as hell was gonna masturbate about what had just happened, potentially in the next few minutes too.
As I reached my stop and hopped off, I raced my pantyless self to the nearest public bathrooms, locking myself into a cubicle. As soon as the latched flicked over to lock, I dumped my bag onto the floor and ripped off my clothes. I unbuttoned a couple buttons on my blouse before my trembling hands reefed it over my head, thumbling over my bra clasp before tossing it down next to my bag, my tiny g string flying across the cubicle as it shook loose from the bra cup. I stepped out of my shoes and socks before one quick tug of my skirt dropped it to my ankles and I was completely naked. I leaned over the toilet, resting my arm where the buttons are to flush it. Spreading my legs nice and wide, I stood up to my tippy toes and used my other hand to please myself.
My ring and middle fingers flew inside my sopping wet pussy like a hot knife through butter, and just like that the pleasure began. I furiously finger fucked myself as I looked over my legs.
"All of those legs were out Millie you dirty slut." I dirty talked myself.
"All the way up to that wet little pussy. Yeahhh." I moaned as I eyed my dangling titties bouncing with every pump I gave myself.
"That tiny little skirt was all you had on to cover all that ass and all that leg... Yeah that's right... you naughty, naughty girrrrl."
I checked out my cute, white toe nails as I continued to moan while my fingers worked their magic. I began to swing my hips around as I felt the pleasure build to another level, pulling my fingers out to rub my clit instead.
"Ohhhhh, I wanna cum on his face!" I exclaimed as I imagined the man on the bus earlier today.
"Yeahhh, rub this wet little pussy all over his face, yeahhh... Ohhh..." I moaned as I slid my fingers along my pussy and over my clit, pretending it was his face.
"Fuck yeahh, cum on his face. Cum on his face. Cum on his face." I continuously muttered as I edged closer and closer to climax.
I checked out my naked body one last time before shutting my eyes and picturing myself sitting on his shoulders, my thighs pressed against his ears and my hands grabbing his head to stabilise myself. Defying the laws of physics, I rode his face as he sat on the bus, screaming in ecstasy as I came, smearing my cum absolutely everywhere all over his face.
With those thoughts, my orgasm understood its cue. I reopened my eyes to see my dangling tits framing my bare mound with my fingers gliding along my pussy, covered in juices. With my feet spread apart and my clothes everywhere, I felt so sexy and naughty, especially after the events of the day. Sure enough, I started to cum. I let out a high pitched squeal as my legs tensed and I arched my back upwards as my body seized up in nothing but pleasure. My mouth fell open and my eyes fluttered as my legs gave in, falling off my tippy toes while my knees collapsed inwards. As my orgasm continued, so did my fall. I lost the strength in my arm to hold myself up as my body continued to seize and shake, my tits bumped into the back of the toilet unit as my torso landed on the toilet seat folded down. With that, my feet slid out sideways from underneath me, entering under the cubicle walls into the cubicles either side of me. I didn't even care if there was someone in there at this point, they would've known what I was up to from my dirty talk anyway.
I laid there fully splayed out with my clothes everywhere for about a minute as I recovered from my orgasm, built up from many hours of naughty acts with no release. My cubicle would've been a great sight to walk into, seeing me bent over, spread out with cum leaking out of my pussy like a tap.
"Maybe I should go pantyless more often." I sighed.