Adam had delivered pizzas to Jaimie before.
In fact, it had been almost weekly now and he reveled in every moment of it. To say that Adam felt as though Jaimie was out of his league was a complete and total understatement. Her front door would fly open and her wide and bright smile would light up his day. Her eyes were beautiful, vibrant and so, so captivating. They were bluer than the ocean and her chestnut eyebrows perfectly framed her face, leading the eye down to her button nose and soft, glistening, kissable lips.
"Hey you!" said Jaimie.
Adam's heart flew in his chest. Such a wonderful, beautiful person rememberedhim.Not his name, something that Adam had always felt was fairly easy to remember - but his incredibly unremarkable face. It wasn't that Adam felt like he was particularly unattractive or anything, just... Simple and unremarkable. He had almond eyes that could certainly pierce with their rare green hue, but they were attached to a slightlylessbeautiful-than-average face and a less fit than average body.
"Hiya!" Adam beamed at the stunning woman's attention.
Jaimie's shoulder-length, blonde, wavy hair blew back with a gust of wind, making her look like a literal angel. Jaimie, too, felt the unexpected spark between her and the man delivering her pizza. She felt herself so compelled to wear more and more provocative clothing each time she ordered, hoping this man would be behind her door... Hoping to feel his eyes all over her body. Today she wasn't wearing anything incredibly arousing, at least not by her account. She wore high-waisted shorts with a little cheek to show and yet her subtle, exposed flesh and the potential of his gaze made her insides twitch with excitement.
"Have you had a long week?" Adam asked, doing his best not to drool over her smooth, tan legs. He handed Jaimie her food.
"How'd you guess?"
"Last time you told me you only order pizza if you've had a long week."
"I totally did, didn't I?" A sweet giggle escaped her rosy lips. "Yeah, you know it's either the hard week thing or I'm trying to catch this really cute guy who keeps delivering my pizzas."
Adam's heart dropped.
He knew the flirtation between them was all in his head. In fact, he'd never in his twenty-seven years on Earth, been with a woman yet. He did his best to remain cool while he stopped his mind from its downward spiral, taking the cash from Jaimie's hand slowly.
"Oh, yeah? W-who's that? Maybe I can send him over for you next time."
Idiot.

Jaimie's laughter made Adam's heart stop as she turned around and bent over to set her pizza down.
Holy God.

Her cheeks barely peeked out of her shorts as the denim that ran between her legs, that begged the imagination, nearly caused Adam to audibly gasp.
"Well that won't be necessary," Jaimie began, still bent over, knowing Adam's eyes were glued to her ass - and it thrilled her all the more. She rose quickly, catching Adam with his jaw slack, his face red and a bead of sweat dripped down his temple. Adam covered his crotch with the pizza bag in an ungraceful fashion, hiding his ever apparent and embarrassing erection. "The guy I'm interested in happens to be standing right in front of me."
Jaimie's voice - hell - hereverythingwas pure velvet as she leaned against the frame of her door. Her aura went from cute to seductress as she smiled a simultaneously coy and devilish smile at the inexperienced, delivery man.
"I'm Jaimie."
"A-Adam."
"WellAdam, I've been so..." She dragged her words like a moan. "So... Horny." Her volume dropped, forcing the space between them to shrink. "All day. I don't know when your shift ends... But I'd love to hook up."
"With... With me?"
"Yes. Hook up with you."
Adam was left with his jaw and eyes, equally wide. His insides were screaming,YES!But a part of him couldn't believe this was real. No - no. Thishadto be a fantasy. Either that or someone had to be pulling some kind of sick prank on him. The man cleared his throat.
"I get off my shift in an hour." Adam managed to find a response amid the cluster of thoughts.
"Is... That a yes?"
He could barely speak without his voice shaking with excitement and he knew hit. Rather than words, Adam nodded his head furiously and with a large smile plastered on his face.
"Great! I can't wait. So, I'll see you in a little over an hour?"
Another nod in response and the two parted ways before Adam was to have his first, and most surprising sexual experience, at the age of 27.
An hour later

Nervous thoughts sprinted through Adam's mind. Worries arose that Adam never even knew existed.
What does she see in me? What if she finds out I'm a virgin and isn't interested anymore? What if I can never find someone to have sex with and end up being a virgin forever? Oh God. What if I'm bad at sex? What if she thinks my cock looks weird? Does my breath smell?

Deep breaths released a few Adams' fears, but what released, even more fears, were the images of the sun-kissed blonde entering and exiting his thoughts. What he didn't know, was at that very moment as he was leaving his job, that the beautiful tan blonde was completely nude andvery wet.
Jaimie's head was thrown back against the tile of her shower, beads of water kissed her skin as she sprayed a warm stream onto her pussy. Jaimie felt the warmth and the moisture lick the delicate skin around her clit as her eyes squeezed shut and she imagined a mouth wrapped around her. She sprayed small circles around her button as her breathing grew heavy and fast. Her outsides were drenched and she could feel her blood rushing as her insides dripped almost as much as he outsides. The small, warm circles went faster around her clit.
Jaimie's nipples were so hard, she felt they couldn't get any harder. Suddenly, an image of Adam flashed through her imagination. She saw him standing outside her shower, watching her masturbate furiously. She wouldn't stop - no - she would put on a better show for the aroused man. She'd spread her legs farther to give me a view that he would never forget. She'd throw her head back and moan his name.
"Adam... Adam..."
Jaimie's orgasm was rumbling within her, threatening to explode when -
Knock knock knock!

She was ripped from her erotic fantasy.
"Coming!" Jaimie screamed as she eagerly hooked the showerhead back up before hopping out of the shower. Jaimie didn't even bother drying off before grabbing her red silk robe and throwing it over herself lazily. She liked the idea of being wet under her clothes before a potential hookup. She found it wildly arousing. Her dry curls were still thrown in a messy bun when she opened her front door to greet a very nervous, pizza delivery man.
"Hey, handsome," Jaimie said, biting her plump lips.
"H-hi. You look..." Adam's eyes traced Jaimie's curves through her robe as he gulped. "Amazing."
"Oh God. I'm sorry! I was just... Taking a shower. Please, coming in! Make yourself at home."
Adam entered into Jaimie's livingroom and was hit with the aroma of pine. It, however odd it felt, created an erotic haze and aura within the home. The door closed behind the two as they sat on a love seat dangerously close to one another. Adam's skin tingled with every brush. He couldn't help but avert his eyes despite wanting nothing more than to let them devour every inch of Jaimie's supple breasts.
"Can I get you anything to drink?" Jaimie offered, crossing her beautiful, long legs.
"Oh, no thank you."
"What about eat? Can I get you something to eat? Other than myself?" The two laughed - one, playful and flirty, the other - nervous and almost downright fearful.
Oh God. It's happening. What should I do? What do I say?

"So Adam..." Jaimie rested her hand nearly on top of Adam's cock on his thigh. "Let's talk fantasies."
The beautiful blonde could feel Adam tense and shift under her calm touch.
"Uh... W-what would you like to know?" Adam could see his own nerves slipping out in front of him. Never in his wildest dreams would he imagine he would be sitting next to this goddess, while her hand lay so incredibly close to his member, discussingfantasiesof all things.
So this is real? Does she really want to do this?

Adam couldn't quite wrap his mind around the situation he found himself in. He couldn't believe Jaimie didn't just ask him over for a simple hang out or really just felt bad for him, wanting to throw him some form of a pity party.
"Well, do you have any? I'd love to hear about one. I'll tell you one of mind and maybe we can see if we can... Get them fulfilled."
Jaimie's touch rose to his head and soon she was playing with Adam's unruly hair. There was a sense of flirtaiousness about it as she twirled her fingers through a lock, yet there was a nurturing element to her touch.
"I can feel how tense you are... It's okay. I know not a lot of people talk about fantasies before a simple hookup, but I'm all about fun andpleasureand fantasies are a great way to maximize...Pleasuuuure."
Jaimie's face was so close to Adam's he could feel the vibrations from her moan.
The two were encompassed in each otherseverything.They could see one another's eyes flitter to their lips and back up again, hoping not to get caught.
"I-I guess I've never really thought about it." Adam murmured.
"Hmm... Well, what's something you think about during sex?"
Her question was met with silence and suddenly everything clicked into place in her mind. The nerves, the lack of touch or any contact. Jaimie had assumed it was generalized anxiety but it seemed to be something different.

"Adam?"
There was only silence. A thick, knowing silence.
"Have you ever had sex?"
Instantly, his eyes and body language withdrew. His face burned wrong.
"No."
This time it was Jaimie's turn to shift uncomfortably.
"I mean, it's okay hon. We all do things on our own terms within our own schedule."
Another silence fell between them but this time it was comfortable. Adam gently laid a hand on Jaimie's silk adorned thigh.
"Thank you."
"Can I ask why you've never had sex?"
"I-I don't really know. I guess it's just one of those things I never got to on my... To-do list. The older I got, the less opportunity I seemed to have and the more awkward I felt about telling people I'm a twenty-seven-year-old virgin. I-I don't know, people are just really weird about that."
"I totally understand what you're saying. I think people are just put off by it because there's an idea out there that your first lay - you tend to see them asthe oneand fall, kind of hard for them. People who are just hooking up don't want to be stuck with that kind of commitment. Do you?"
There was a moment where the two did their best to read each other with held breath.
"God, no. No. Absolutely not. I mean, maybe one day but right now? No. No. One thing at a time."
"Oh thank God." Jaimie exhaled with a laugh, returning her gentle touch to Adam's thigh. "If you did that would have been a real bummer because..."
"Because?"
A fire was lit from here on out behind the woman's illuminated eyes.
"Because Ireallywant you to fuck me."
Adam inhaled sharply.
His eyes were locked on Jaimie and she knew it.She could feel it. All the attention was her's and she used it to draw Adam's eyes to her hands, that were caressing her soft kissable neck and jaw, her lips - what they would do to him. What they would taste like. Her free hand slid down her chest, gripping at her breast through the smooth, vibrant, red silk robe.
"We never finished talking about fantasies. How about I tell you about mine? And you can tell me if you like it or not. Does that sound good?" Adam nodded furiously, his erection returning after the buzzkill, or so he thought, that was his virginity.
A sly smile crossed the blonde's face as she straddled Adam in one quick motion. With her back slightly arched and her perky nipples apparent through silk, she grabbed the man's hands and guided them down her ribs... Slowly, to her hips and back up again - just barely thumbing the sides of her breasts.
"Holy sh-" Adam gasped, fighting the urge to buck his hips restlessly.
"I've always had a fantasy about inviting a sexy stranger into my home. I can tell he wants me and I want him too. So, I decide to surprise him with my sexiest robe..."
Jaimie ran Adam's hands up her smooth, fit thighs. His thumbs went higher and massaged the insides of her legs. He was so close to touching her pussy and he didn't even know it
"But what he doesn't know is that I was just touching myself in the shower."
Jaimie's forehead pressed firm against Adam's and the heat between the two grew to nearly intolderable temperatures.
"I touched myself and I had such a strong orgasm thinking about him. About that sexy stranger, craving his body on top of me in that shower. Mmm." Her hips slowly began to rock on his stiff cock. "You like that, don't you?"
"Mmm." Adam grunted, hungrily.
"Part of my fantasy is that I wonder if he even knows I'm not wearing any panties under my robe. I'm not wearing anything at all. I'm just wet and naked under here."
"Fuuuuuhh.."
"Have you ever seen a naked woman in real life, Adam?"
Jaimie slowly rose from Adam's lap, causing him to cry out from the absence of her warmth. Despite it all, he shook his head and gulped.
"Do you want to?"
"Yes! Yes. Yes, please." The man let himself revel in his eager expression, finally, as Jaimie's fingers ran along the opening of her robe, threatening to expose herself at any moment.
"In my fantasy, this sexy stranger shows me his hard cock before I get naked. I want to see how much he wants me."
Without needing to be asked twice, Adam rose and unfastened his pants, pulling his erection out of his underwear and jeans. Jaimie stood, staring with her mouth agape.
"I'm so wet for that cock."
"Y-you like what you see?" Adam spoke with his best confidence voice as his penis twitched with a rush of excitement. Jaimie could see his cock glistening with precum and she gripped her chest, slid her hands over her body with hunger in her eyes, and nodded vigorously.
"I do. Let's hope you like what you see too."
In one swift and sudden movement, Jaimie's red silk robe opened and slipped off her, falling to the floor and revealing Jaimie's incredible, sun-kissed body.
Her torso was long and slender underneath large, teardrop breasts. Her dark pink nipples were rock hard and goosebumps tickled her flesh all the way down to her smooth, hairless labia. Adam's eyes were wide and locked. His breathing was audible now and the pleasure from the attention she was receiving was throwing more fuel on the fire of her fantasy.
"I take it that's a good reaction?" Jaimie giggled, only to be met with feverish nods. "Do you want to touch them?"
Another round of nods was received and Jaimie swayed forward. She grabbed Adam's hands in hers's and the two cupped her breasts, slowly massaging. So slowly. So erotically. Adam ran the pad of his thumb over Jaimie's nipples, sending a twinge of pleasure to her navel.
"Oh I like that, don't stop." She moaned. "Mmm. You know, my fantasy isn't over yet."
"Please continue." Even Adam wasn't sure if he heard what Jaimie said at that point, he was so incredibly hypnotized by the woman's breasts. Adam was holding his first pair of breasts and they wereperfect.He wanted to slide his throbbing cock into their warmthsobadly. Suddenly, Jaimie's nude body was back on Adam's lap, her heat was writhing and gyrating up and down his member and he couldn't help but throw his head back and grip her hips, guiding the skin on steaming skin contact.
Adam could have probably cum from that alone had he not felt her warm whisper on his ears.
"I want one of my friends to come over and eat my pussy for you, then he'll sit and watch as my wet pussy bounces on your cock. Does that sound yummy, handsome?"
Adam responded with eager groans and eager nods.
Later

Adam pumped himself, joyous at the friction of his fist as sensors snapped within him.Smell.Skin on skin, that raw smell of sex, movement, saliva, breath.Sounds.More skin on skin. Tongues sliding along places that are rarely seen. Breath. Moans. Wet pleasure. Deep grunts. Spanks. Giggles. Cries of joy.Sight.
Adam gazed at the two incredibly beautiful people in front of him as he stroked himself like he's never stroked himself before. One, the man whose name Adam never learned, was on all fours. His back was facing Adam, and he was fully clothed although Adam knew the man was stroking his own erection with the same effort he was. The man was performing incredible oral on the woman in front of him -Jaimie.
Sitting on a chair facing Adam, Jaimie's legs were spread wide, her hands were tangled in the man's hair as his warm, wet tongue ran sprints along her labia and circles around her clit. The pleasure was palpable. Adam went from never seeing a naked woman, to seeing his dream woman get eating out in front of him. Now, with his thick, solid penis exposed to them both - he watched as Jaimie's orgasm slithered and boomed through her body.
"Don't stop, baby! Don't stop. Oh God. Oh..." Jaimie moaned as her grip tightened on the man's hair. "Yes."
Lick.

"Yes!"
Lick.

"Fuck. Stick your fingers in me."
Her eyes locked with Adam's eyes as a pair of fingers slid deep into her entrance. She instantly felt the pressure on her swelling G-spot. A wave of pleasure released within.
"Do you like seeing his fingers in my pussy, Adam? Are you thinking about how good it feels in there? How good it would feel to press that delicious cock inside of me and fuck me until I cum all over you?"
Adam had been speechless for a while now. His jaw was slack and he had broken a sweat, creating all the friction he could on his cock while also keeping his orgasm at bay. He wanted so badly to share that final connection with someone.
"Adam... Adam... Adam! Oh God, I'm gonna come. I'm gonna come! Ah!" Jaimie cried as her body convulsed on the man's face. Suddenly, he ripped his mouth away and vigorously massaged Jaimie's vagina. Her body continued writhing, her head was thrown back and moans continued to pierce the air. Even from his vantage point, Adam could see the perfect 'O' her mouth formed as she moaned.
She squirted a clear stream across the room. Seeing the ejaculation threw Adam over the edge with a full-fledged push into his own orgasm. Friction. He mindlessly needed more friction. More! He cried moans of joy as their fluids spewed and mixed together. The pure nothingness and everything of release encompassed the room. The heavy breath left the two dazed and staring, but eventually, they regained their composure and stared at each other.
They were silent.
They were stunned.
They were... Disappointed?
Is it over?Adam's thoughts begged the question.
Later that evening

"Are you ready?" Jaimie asked in a low voice, while her dripping, tight pussy hovered just above Adam's erection.
"Yes." Adam lay completely naked on his back with a goddess mounting him. He felt her soft hand guide his dick toward her entrance and quickly all he could feel were her warm walls surrounding him.
It was unlike any sensation he had ever felt.
It wassublime.
Almost as sublime as seeing the beautiful woman on top of him with her hands resting on his chest. The position pushed her breasts together slightly as her hips rolled rhythmically. Heavy breath and the unmistakable sounds of a man stroking himself blooming from the corner of the room wasn't lost on either of them.
Jaimie looked forward to see her mouth toy, with his cock protruding from his own jeans, sitting comfortably on a chair in front of her. She looked him in the eye while she bit her juicy lips and rode Adam, feeling the complete control she held over the two men in her presence. He watched. She rode. He stroked. She bounced. Her walls contracted around Adam involuntarily as her eyes stroked her psyche. Her pupils dilated and Jaimie was painfully aware of the sensation of Adam's erection, sliding against her G-Spot.
The multiple orgasms she had experienced today had left her G-Spot swollen and she couldn't tell if it was that, or the incredible visuals while she plowed herself on the stranger, but she could feel her third orgasm rising within her. The man wiggled in his chair. His groans grew louder and louder.
"I'm - I'm... I'm gonna come!" He moaned with his eyes clamped shut. His breathing grew harsh and his strokes got faster and faster and became erratic. His breathing stopped but his grunts pushed out.
Jaimie began to ride Adam faster. She rode him with a need she had never felt. She rode him harder and harder. She bounced higher, plunging his member so deep inside of her.
"I want to come on your cock!" Jaimie had nearly been brought to tears with need and soon her moans tangled with the man's in the corner as his semen shot out of him in large bursts.
Thewantof the room, mixed with her enthusiasm and the surreal element of the moment was enough to cause Adam to shoot his own hot load deep inside Jaimie.
"Make me come all over your cock, Adam. I'm so close! Oh God, it feels so good!"
"I'm gonna come!" Adam cried.
"Wait for me, baby! I'm s-so close!"
"H-hurry.... Unf... Fuck!"
Jaimie's orgasm flooded through her as she cried and rode for a moment more before Adam pulled his penis out of her, shooting semen all over Jaimie's backside.
The two sat, squirming through their releases before collapsing in a sweaty mess together. Winded, they smiled together before looking to the man in the chair, who sat in an equally happy daze.
"So..." Jaimie began. "Who wants pizza?"
The room filled with exhausted and satisfied giggles.