Author's note.
As with all my stories, they are largely based on fact, with some embellishments to make them, hopefully, enjoyable reading.
A very kind critic proposed that I had written myself into a corner in this series and I thank them for their constructive criticism, however when writing largely based on truth you are bound by that truth.
Please enjoy and feel free to continue to provide me with constructive criticism, but what I enjoy most is to hear what you did while reading my work, male, female, couples, more. After all, I write for your sexual pleasure and enjoyment ;-).
By the way, you'll enjoy this more if you read the first two chapters, but you can read it alone, based on the fact that Dee and Kasey have me by the short and curlies and I'm virtually bound to do as they ask.
***
I hadn't heard from my next door neighbours for a few days and was catching up on the latest offerings on Literotica, wanking and edging as is my want, when there was a knock on my door.
'Fuck,' I thought and slipped on shorts and t-shirt to answer. When I opened the door, there stood Dee. She looked straight at my crotch and smiled, "Hello, what have you been up to you naughty boy?"
I blushed and invited her in. As she passed me, she had a feel of my hard cock in my shorts. I followed her to my lounge room and enjoyed the view of her arse cheeks wobbling a little under her short skirt as she walked.
We sat and I asked, "What can I do for you Dee?"
"I have a job for you, if you're up for it," she giggled at her own pun, her largish tits jiggling, obviously unfettered under her loose top. "You used to work in hospitality, right?"
I responded, "Well, that was many years ago, but yes, I do have some experience in that. What's the job?"
"My aunt has two dear old friends visiting her from interstate next week and they have a number of activities planned. One of them is a high tea at her home, which I will be catering for and I thought it would add some class to it to have a waiter to serve them, rather than me," she explained.
It sounded simple enough, so I agreed. As she was leaving, she added, "By the way, they'd get a bit of a thrill if you dressed in your handyman work clothes. A bit of rough to an otherwise high class event, if you know what I mean," she winked and left.
On the appointed day, I showered and dressed in my blue work singlet and tan work shorts and boots. I'm no hunk, just an ordinary, slightly overweight 59 year old man, but I'd dressed as Dee requested and looked the part.
Dee picked me up and commented, "You look perfect, Sean. It would have been a little better if you had the same tent in your shorts, as you did last time, though," she giggled and gave my crotch a little rub.
We arrived at her aunt's house and used the tradesmen's entrance, the back door that is. We entered the kitchen and I could see Dee had been busy preparing lots of morsels for the high tea.
She prepared some cocktails and put them on a tray. "The ladies are in the sitting room, just on the other side of that door, Sean. Be a sweetie and take these drinks out to them, please," Dee asked.
I did as she asked, push the swinging door open with my shoulder. I was greeted by the sight of three women in their late sixties, dressed to the nines, sitting in lounge chairs around a central round coffee table.
I'm a pretty confident person and didn't hesitate in introducing myself. "Good afternoon ladies, my name is Sean and I'll be your waiter this afternoon," I said as I sat each cocktail on the table in front of each of them, "please let me know if there is anything you need or anything I can do to make your afternoon enjoyable."
"Thank you Sean," said the woman to my right, "I'm Dee's aunt Jean and these are dearest friends in the world, Donna," indicating to the woman directly in front of me, "and Louise," indicating to the woman to my left.
Jean then leaned forward to take her cocktail and in the process the top of her dress opened up, exposing an enormous amount of tit.
I was examining the view and contemplating how so much bosom could be exposed with no nipple in sight, when I was jolted from my reverie by Jean. "Are you looking at my cleavage, young man?" she said sternly. I was taken aback, but before I could respond, she added, "I fucking hope so, otherwise I'll be returning this dress."
All three women laughed loudly, giving me some time to compose myself. "No need to to do that madam, your dress displays your delicious decolletage delightfully."
They all giggled at my alliteration and I turned on my booted heel and returned to the kitchen, thinking to myself that this wasn't the first drink the ladies had had today.
Dee had finished preparing some petite fours and was placing the on the tiered serving tray. "How did it go, Sean?" she asked.
"I think I made a good first impression," I responded when Aunt Jean came through the swinging door. She looked at me and gave me a big smile before turning to Dee.
"I'm a bit disappointed in our waiter dear," she began. I was crestfallen at that comment and Dee started an apology, but was interrupted by Jean. "Don't worry, he's perfect, but don't you think he's ... well ... a bit overdressed?"
Considering I was wearing only singlet and shorts, I put two and two together quickly and my 'normal person' instincts took over immediately. "I'm not going out there naked. I wouldn't want to embarrass those ladies and besides, I'm not exactly Adonis."
Jean was quick to respond, "Dear boy, firstly, my friends and I have had enough narcissistic Adonis' to last a two lifetimes. They hold no interest for us. Secondly, those women are no ladies and lastly, I was suggesting you go naked, simply that you lose the singlet and shorts."
I looked to Dee for some support, but she was just grinning. I looked back at Jean and said, "Well, the truth be told, if I lose my singlet and shorts, I WILL be naked."
Jean and Dee just laughed at my predicament. Jean soon took control, "Not to worry, you can wear my knickers. Dee has told me you're not averse to such a thing."
I was mortified. The whole reason I was at Dee and Kasey's beck and call was so they wouldn't reveal my secret. I was spluttering, trying to find the words to describe my feelings at the betrayal when Dee said, "Auntie Jean is my closest confidante, I tell her everything."
Jean interjected, "Don't worry Sean, your secret is safe with me, in fact, I find you panty fetish very arousing."
By that time, Jean had slipped her panties down and had stepped out if them. She bent over to pick them up and her cleavage was more exposed than before, with a hint of nipple. I was transfixed.
She rose and put her panty gusset to my nose. I sniffed long and deep. She now had me in her power, like a hypnotist might. "Come on," she said, "off with those clothes."
I did as commanded and stood there buck naked. "Nice," remarked Jean on my shaved cock and balls, "I love the little boy look and no nasty hairs to get in the way."
She held her panties open for me to step into. Jean, being on the chubby side, like Dee coupled with the fact that despite being overweight myself, I still have slim hips, meant her powder blue panties fitted me easily.
The feeling of the g-string disappearing between my arse cheeks and the silky, sheer material of the front panel against my
cock and balls had my mind racing with dirty thoughts and my cock stirring.
"Mmm," Jean hummed in appreciation, "they look very nice on you Sean. I think it's time for more cocktails," she commented as she returned to her friends.
Dee prepared another batch and I asked her to make some extra for me and make it strong. I downed my drink and it was strong. I needed some dutch courage before serving the ladies dressed as I was was.
I grabbed the drinks tray and pushed the door open. I was greeted by whooping and wolf whistles, confirming the women were already well tanked.
I performed my waiter duties as if there was nothing out of the ordinary, even when the groping started. "More drinks ladies?" I said as I bent to place them on the table and was acutely aware that the g-string divided my balls, which were now exposed.
I reached over to put Jean's drink in front of her, "Jean," adding a personal touch, when I felt a small warm hand gently cup my balls. "Oooh," cooed Donna, "I love how smooth and soft the skin of his sac feels," as she fondled them.
I didn't flinch, but once Jean was served, I straightened and Donna removed her hand. I moved around the table and served Donna's drink in the same manner, this time feeling Louise's hand have a quick feel and then 'smack', she slapped my right arse cheek before squeezing and stroking it.
"Yes, they are nice and soft and he's got a very spankable bum too," Louise remarked.
Did I feel cheap being talked about like an object, as if I wasn't present? Not on your life, in fact it was having the effect sending blood rushing to my cock.
I straightened again and went around to serve Louise and as I did I saw Jean's eyes on my slowly expanding cock. "Our waiter seems to be enjoying the attention ladies," and the all giggled.
I served Louise in the same manner, another feel of my balls from Jean, but she then took a different route. She removed her hand and as I was to soon discover, covered her middle finger with spit.
The next thing I knew, the tip of that finger was at the entrance of my arsehole and without so much as a 'by your leave', her finger was knuckle deep inside me.
"Well, he's no virgin ladies." Again they all giggled as Jean's finger sought out my prostate. I didn't give her the chance, mostly because I might have cum in my panties if she'd given it a few strokes, so I straightened causing her finger to slip out.
I'll just pause for a second and straighten something else out. Technically, I wasn't 'a virgin' as Jean pointed out, but the only things that have gone in through my out hole are sex toys, tongues, fingers, bottle necks and various vegetables. Not that I'm totally against anything else, in the right circumstances, mind you!
I was fully hard by that stage and my cock was stretching the elastic of my (Jean's) panties, so that if you looked down into them, you could she half of my shaft, which I noticed Donna had and she smiled, winked at me and licked her lips.
I turned to leave the room and Jean quickly stopped me. "Not so fast, young man," (remember I'm 59, mind you), stay here for now, we might need you. Go and stand next to Donna."
I did as requested, noting that the position had me directly facing Jean. Donna's hand went straight between my legs and again cradled my balls. I was looking into Jean's eyes expecting her to say something, which she did by flicking her eyes down to her lap, drawing mine with them. The front of her dress had ridden up and her knees were parted enough for me to have a wonderful view of her bare cunt.
I looked back up and she smiled and my eyes went straight back to her cunt. Her pink lips were partly open and she looked wet. "So Sean," Louise brought me back to earth, "you're a sissy transvestite then are you?"
My love of panties was something I'd never discussed before, but in the the circumstances and with my balls being caressed, I somehow felt that explaining myself would be liberating.
I replied, with confidence, "No, it's not like that at all. I have no desire to dress up or wear make up or wigs or anything like that. My interest really lies in panties that are being or have been worn by a woman. The wearing part only developed from my interest in looking and sniffing. I don't have any desire to wear clean panties."
Louise retorted, "Then how do you explain the ones you're wearing now?" I looked over at Jean who spread her legs wider to show everybody she wore no panties.
Louise laughed and called Jean a dirty slut and Donna's hand from my balls up to the front panel of my/Jean's panties and she was now fondling my cock. "That's kind of hot really. The thought of his naughty stiff cock in my panties after I've made them wet is getting me randy," Donna remarked.
"It's got me rather moist," Jean said. I was getting close to losing my load, with this conversation going on.
Jean didn't help by adding, "It's got wet," as she spread her lips to prove it. I was saved by the bell, literally. Dee rang a little bell to let me know the next course was ready.
I almost smashed through the door. "What the fuck have you signed me up for Dee?"
Dee laughed and looked at my erection. "Don't try and tell me you're not enjoying yourself Sean. Your cock is a dead giveaway."
"True, but you could have at least warned me. I'm on the verge of cumming and at my age, I might not be able to provide much more entertainment," I replied.
"Don't worry. I slipped a little blue pill into your cocktail and I've got something else to help," she said as she went rooting through her bag. She took out what looked like a fucked up plumber's O ring. She came forward and slipped my panties down a little.
"Looks like the balloon has deflated a little. I'll need to blow it up for this to work," she said as she dropped to her knees and took my 90% erect cock in her mouth snd sucked and licked it to iron bar hardness.
She then, seemingly with just a flick of her wrist, put the elastic thing onto my cock and balls. One loop securely pinched my 'main vein' like I might do with my thumb and index finger when I'm edging and the other trapped my balls, providing extra security.
She then pulled my panties back up, the string firmly wedged in my crack and my cock pointing up as opposed to its usual pointing out, so it fitted snugly in my panties.
Dee handed me a petite fours serving unit which was filled with a variety of oyster treats, naturale, Kilpatrick and Rockefeller.
I asked, "Do you really think they need aphrodisiacs?"
"Just go and enjoy," was all she said as she pushed me through the door.
If enough people are interested in what happened next, I'll continue telling you of my journey.