Shit! As I walked away, I realised that I had been away from Saskia for a long time. I turned on my heels, walking quickly back to the area I'd set up for us. Saskia wasn't there so I backtracked, passing the guy who was back on his rainbow towel. Rather than fiddling with himself, it was his phone that now held his attention.
As I walked back, I spotted her. I didn't see the three of them to start with since they were all lying down. Saskia had herself stripped naked. At first, I didn't spot her since she was almost invisible, lying on her back, with Femke and Jan propped up on an elbows either side of her. All three of them were giggling and howling with laughter. Femke had hooked a naked leg over Femke. Not just the ankle I should add, but all the way up her thigh so Femke's groin was tight against Saskia's hip. One of Jan's hands was propping up his head, whilst the other hand was low on my girlfriend's naked stomach, a finger on her mons pubis.
As I watched Femke rotated towards Saskia as if she was about to kiss her. In fact, from where I stood, that was exactly what it looked like she was doing. I was enjoying the voyeuristic pleasure of watching my supposedly straight girlfriend kiss a girl whilst a guy I'd never met rubbed his hand over her. However, whilst it was fun to observe, I also felt a pang of jealously that Saskia had decided to get it on with them without first talking it through with me.
Then I sniffed the air and realised what they were doing and why they were giggling. They were giving Saskia a blowback. This happens when you share one of Amsterdam's finest cigarettes. One person inhales a good lungful, then blows the smoke back into the mouth of the recipient. It's a great introduction to the delights of smoking and can be enjoyed by a newbie without coughing and choking.
"OK, OK", says Saskia, trying to stifle a giggle, "I'm ready! Now!"
At that, Femke leans forward again, creating an airtight seal between her lips and Saskia's. They hold there for some time, as is normal during a blowback. But as Femke goes to pull away, I see Saskia place a hand gently on the back of her neck, inviting her to stay connected. They kiss gently, sweetly and in a very feminine way, their mouths slightly open, their tongues sliding together. This gets my cock throbbing and I drop to my haunches so that I can touch myself with a little privacy.
Jan is clearly enjoying the show and his hand starts to wander freely over Saskia's body. At one point he's running the palm of his hand over her nipples, the next it is running over her stomach. Femke slides her leg up and down Saskia's as they kiss, grinding herself into my girlfriend's body. I hear Saskia moan and watch as she starts to squeeze Jan's half-hard cock into a full erection. Her other hand is reaching for Femke's slit, but she is defeated by the constraints of the situation and so she contends herself with rubbing Femke's ear and head as they kiss passionately.
I see Jan kissing Saskia's back and shoulders, watching him as he starts licking around her ear and neck. I know how sensitive this area is for Saskia, and it comes as no surprise that she starts to writhe and wriggle as his tongue brushes over her ear before sliding down the nape of her neck. She's breathing hard as waves of pleasure rush over her body. My cock is now rock hard and throbbing and I rub myself, revelling in the unexpectedly intense pleasure of watching my girlfriend get it on with a couple.
I can see that in addition to rubbing her leg over Saskia, Femke is now sliding her hand between my girlfriend's legs. Her delicate feminine touch means that rather than just jabbing her with a couple of fingers, she is delicately exploring, playing with Saskia's labia, spreading the juices leaking out of her pussy across her vulva before focussing on teasingly brushing her clit.
Lust overtakes any feelings of jealousy and I decide that the best thing to do is to get in on the action. I head back to the area I dropped our stuff, deciding to pick everything up before heading back. When I get to the pile, I squat down on the picnic blanket and start to scoop my stuff hurriedly into the backpack. I'm aware of someone passing me as I get to work so glance up to see who it is. My eyes make contact with the girl who not 2 minutes earlier was humiliating and dominating her boyfriend.
"Hey," I call out friendlily, "that was quite the show!"
She blushes slightly before replying, "Sometimes I get a little carried away, but we both enjoy our game."
"I noticed!", I say, not sure how to progress the conversation further but feeling that I want to get to know her better, particularly given that Saskia has effectively green-lighted my playtime with her nascent infidelity.
She squats on the blanket, her ankles landing on the back of her thighs. Whilst this position provides a modest covering to her breasts, she's sitting with her knees apart meaning that her vulva and labia have been left deliciously exposed.
"It's a shame you're not with your girlfriend," she says. "It's quite the cock you have there." She is looking down at my hard dick, smiling at me.
"Do you ever play alone?" I ask.
"No," she says, "Dan will be back shortly, he's just washing himself off in the sea."
"That's a shame," I reply, rubbing myself. "Watching you devour those cocks got me really horny."
"And watching your beautiful cock got me really hot too," she replied. One of her hands reaches down to her pussy as she says this, and I see her tracing a line round her slit with her fingers. What she said doesn't surprise me. Although I'm not one to show off, I know that I have a decent body having rowed for 10 years, and I stand 201cm tall.
I have been complemented several times about my cock. It's almost 25cm long, thick, and uncut. I've been told that I'm a 'grower' not a 'shower' and on several occasions have seen the effect that my cock can have on the uninitiated. If I am honest, I love seeing girls' expressions change as they take me in their hand for the first time and masturbate me to hardness, seeing my small flaccid cock growing to its full length. When the realise what they're handling, I get different responses. Some go eyes-wide, some get massively turned on, some simply continue as if they've seen it all before. I had one girl freeze: she'd previously told me she liked anal but then when she saw my cock blurted out that "there is no way you're going anywhere near my bum with that cock!"
I stop what I am doing and kneel up so that she can see my growing dick up-close and personal. I open my legs a little, turning towards her to make sure that she has a front row view. By now its fully hard and my balls hang low. I drop my elbows behind me onto the blanket and lift my hips so that she can admire it as it flops onto my stomach. She is now quite unashamedly frigging herself. The action earlier must have turned her on massively but left her unsated.
"Fuck! You're so much bigger than Dan!" she exclaims, finger fucking herself as she says it. She is panting and taking short, jabby breaths as she stares at my cock and slips a third finger into her pussy, "I mean, like.. fuck! Fuck that's big!"
I have a raging horn and whilst I'd love to fuck her, and am torn about what to do next. On the one hand, I've got an opportunity to join in with Saskia and her new friends, and fully expect a good fucking when I see her. On the other hand, I am faced with a girl masturbating herself as she fantasises about the size of my cock. She oozes sensuality and beauty. Her red hair is worn in a French plait that snakes over neck and finishes halfway down her back. She's clearly some sort of athlete and has the most beautifully defined and feminine six pack I have ever seen. Her muscle mass accentuates her beautiful curves and like all athletes she has deliciously small, pert breasts. Her hard nipples stick out in the warming sunlight.
She tall, even for a Dutch girl. Although difficult to guess since I've only seen her on top of her boyfriend, she must be at least 190cm. I'm guessing she is a volleyball player given her height and muscle definition. My cock twitches as I imagine myself balls deep in her.
Whilst I'd desperately like to stay and fuck her, I have to be honest and say that I am put off by getting any closer to her boyfriend Dan. He had one of those bodies that clearly spends way too much time in front of a PC and no time at all exercising. And that dick -- even the thought of it is enough to make me go flaccid. So, on balance, I think Saskia is a better option.
As I am weighing up what to do next she makes her move. Because my mind is elsewhere, I am slow to react. By the time I've noticed what she's up to she's rocked forward onto the balls of her feet and is shoving me back hard onto the picnic blanket by my shoulders. Because I'm squatting, I'm caught off-balance and in no position to stop myself from crumpling backwards under her weight,
"I know what you're thinking," she says, as she straddles me.
"And what would that be?" I reply weakly.
She lifts an eyebrow and smiles cheekily, reaches behind herself to grab my cock and lines me up against her lips. Without so much as a by your leave, she pushes herself onto my cock. She's still soaking wet from her last fucking and so my cock head slips easily into her. I feel resistance as she pushes back onto me and an audible groan escapes her lips as her tight pussy struggles to accommodate my cock. She's clearly not used to a decent sized dick so is working hard to allow me in. Eventually she stops when I'm half-way inside her -- probably the same depth that her boyfriend gets when he's balls deep.
"Well," she says. "If I were you, then I'd be weighing up whether to stay here with me and Dan for a bit, or to head back to your girlfriend so you can fuck her." She is of course absolutely right, that is exactly what I was thinking.
"So," she continues, "I think it's only fair for you to get a taste of what's available so that you can make the right decision. I mean, If you're thinking of fucking me, then we need to decide whether we're compatible or not."
With that she starts to ride me some more, rocking her hips backwards and forwards as she eases herself onto me, trying to take all my cock inside.
My balls are heaving and my cock throbbing as she does this. I love sexually confident women who know what they like and aren't afraid to get it. She has confidence by the bucket load and the body of an Olympian. And she's currently impaled herself on my dick and is begging that I stick around to get a taste of what it might be like to fuck her. Not how I expected the day to play out, it has to be said, even in my wildest dreams.
She continues pushing back against my cock, her hands planted on my chest taking some of her weight as she fucks me. Her eyes roll as she gets deeper onto me.
"Oh... oh shit! Oohhh," she's moaning and starting to lose control as she feels a proper cock inside her. I reach up pinching her nipples, twisting them with just enough force to allow the feeling of pleasure to morph into the first vestiges of pain, but not enough to kill the passion. This switches the focus of her attention away from her pussy just enough that she can slide down the final few centimetres of my cock without the pain causing her vaginal walls to tense. Her head is thrown back, her mouth open as she groans under the weight of pleasure as she takes me balls deep.
I'm watching her grind herself on top of me and feel her warm wetness on my cock shaft. I start to take over the rhythm, lifting my butt off the ground. She understands what I'm doing so lifts slightly, allowing me to fuck her as hard and as deep as I want. She is clearly enjoying letting someone else take control and it takes her closer to the edge of her orgasm. She leans back as pulses of pleasure shoot around her body.
As I fuck her, little beads of sweat appear on her nipples and six-pack. Her muscles tense and release as she rides the waves of excitement. She has such a hot body that even though she's only been on top of me a few minutes, I can feel myself leaking precum. Although this is only supposed to be a taster, I know my orgasm is starting to approach. I also realise that I don't have the strength to fight it; indeed nor do I want to fight it. She is writhing on top of my cock and is groaning whilst she continues to worship my big hard dick. As she moves towards the edge of her orgasm I realise that she is squeezing and pinching her own nipples with one hand whilst she teases her clit with the other.
When I see her stomach muscles starting to pulse involuntarily, I know she's on the cusp of coming. I ease back my thrusting, making her take control, making her work for her own orgasm.
She knows exactly what my game is and responds with faux anger. "Fucks sake!" she says as she builds to her climax, "do I have to do all the work round here?"
She smiles as she says it, upping the pace as I slow things down. The muscle pulsing that started in her stomach is now working its way round the rest of her body to her pussy. I feel the walls of her cunt tighten and cycle through dozens of contractions as she comes hard on my cock. Her head is thrown back and she's steadying herself with her hand on my chest as she lets the intense feelings wash over her.
Her loud orgasmic moans set me off, and I edge closer to coming. Just as she is peaking, I take back control, thrusting hard into her, grabbing her butt and hips to maximise my pleasure. My head arches back and shoulder blades lift as I begin to climax. I feel electric waves shoot round my body as my throat opens and animalistic sounds reverberate around my chest. She's yelping and shaking as her primal senses takes over control of her body. I feel intense wetness around my crotch and realise that she's squirting onto my dick as I feel her with seed. Her pulsing pussy squeeze my man juice deep inside her, working my cock hard.
As I throw my head back in orgasm, I come face to face with the rainbow towel guy. He's been standing behind us all along, fisting himself as he enjoys the fuck show. The exhibitionist pleasure I get from finding out someone is watching makes my head swim. I let go, surrendering myself to my orgasm. I feel myself pulsing into her as she groans and buckles under my cock, her finger skilfully working her clit to another peak. Through pinched eyes, I notice the voyeur is about to come too. He's edged himself closer so that his cock is touching her body; his frantic fisting suggesting that he is seconds from orgasm.
She starts to buckle, her body no longer under her own control, but rather taken over by another orgasm. As she screams out I unload ropes of cum in her pussy. Her walls contract in time with my spurting and I feel myself unleash a mighty load deep inside her. By now she's gripping the other guy's dick, masturbating him furiously as she screams and pants through another climax.
As our exhausted bodies start to slow, she reaches over to take his cock into her mouth. This gives me a great view of her fisting and sucking his thick veiny dick to orgasm. It doesn't take long before he comes, and he does so with knees bent, pulling her onto his dick as he shoots. She's gagging on his cock now, as his thick load fills her mouth. Sperm dribbles out of her mouth, down her cheek, landing on my stomach.
She holds him in her mouth, making sure to squeeze the last drop of cum out before looking up at him, kissing his cock in thanks. He smiles before walking back in the direction of his rainbow beach towel.
I can see a self-satisfied grin across her face as she sits there straddling me, wiping a stray drop of cum off her face with a finger which she places straight into her mouth. She eases back and my cock falls out her pussy. A puddle of cum appears around my slick cock and dribbles round my balls. She smiles and bends down to take my semi-hard dick in her mouth before she licks cum off my body.
"Well," she smiles, "What do you think? Are we compatible?"
We're smiling at each other, laughing at her question and enjoying the post coital glow. Then I hear a male voice blown on the wind, "Fokje! Fokje!" Her ears prick up, and she looks at me, "shit, that's my boyfriend!"
I laugh; it's all clicks into place. She's tall, redhead, built like a barn door and has been given the name Fokje. Which, yes, does sound exactly like "fuck ja" when said by an English speaker. She's got to be one of those naïve farm-raised girls from Friesland -- one of the northern provinces of the Netherlands. She's almost certainly in her first year at university in Amsterdam and has no idea how beautiful she is. She's exploring her sexual identity. That's why she's so frisky and that's why she's with the hapless Dan.
"I've got to run," she says. As she leans forward to kiss me I feel more come dribble onto my body. She notices it too and half sucks, half kisses me clean. With a final smile, she stands up and shouts, "hier!" at the top of her voice as she jogs off, a trail of fresh sperm still visible between her legs.