"Wait so what's your plan this week? I don't understand why you are gone a full 5 days if Lydia's only going for the weekend."
I was talking to my fiance, Amy, about an upcoming trip she was going along on as a babysitter. Lydia is the 4 year old who she looks after as a nanny 3 days a week. She is the only child of Joe, a successful lawyer who is probably around 30 and his wife, Avery. Coincidentally, my name is Avery also- guess it's one if those names that works regardless of gender. Most people who know me well call me Ace, however.
"Joe and Lydia are going to the beach just for the weekend with the Smiths. Lydia is going to leave with the Smiths to go to their cabin in the mountains for a couple days. A couple of Joe's college friends are coming in to stay with him at his condo for a couple days just to relax and play golf."
"Right, so since you are there to care for Lydia, why aren't you leaving when she does? And why isn't Avery going to the beach with her husband and daughter?"
"I'm staying because Anna's going to be in town Sunday and we are going try to hang out. And because it's a free room at the beach for a couple of nights. I've been so stressed from wedding planning, and I need to work on my tan. It won't bother Joe, he and his buddies will be out golfing and drinking the whole time. Don't worry- I have a whole separate condo room that is right next to theirs."
"I'm just not sure I'm comfortable with you shacking up with a bunch of 30 year old dudes for several days. And you still haven't explained why Avery's not going."
Amy sighed and gave me a strange look. "If I tell you something," she said, "you have to promise not to tell anyone."
I wasn't sure where this was going, but I nodded for her to continue.
"Joe hired a PI because he was suspicious Avery's cheating on him. It turns out she definitely is- the PI started following her and pretty much immediately caught them red handed. I've seen the photos and they are... not good. Joe and Avery are separating. That's why the Smith's are taking Lydia for a couple days, to give Joe a couple days to unwind- he seems pretty torn up."
The more I heard about my beautiful blonde fiance's upcoming trip, the less I liked it. But bothering me even more were these photos she mentioned. "So wait- Joe showed you sexually suggestive pictures of his wife?"
"Well yeah, if I send them to you, you can't show anyone."
"Joe SENT you these photos?!" I asked. "I hardly think thats appropriate."
My phone buzzed. It was a text from Amy that contained three photos. I opened them and gasped. They weren't suggestive, they were pornographic. Avery and her new lover were nude on a boat, and the pictures appeared to be taken from some distance with a powerful lens. In the first, they were standing side by side, their backs to the camera looking toward the water. I felt my cock stir a bit in spite of myself. Avery was a skinny petite 25 year old and her bare ass looked amazing. In the second, she was on her knees, with a rather impressively sized dick in her hands, as she smiled up at the guy. This picture was in profile and offered a side view of her perky tits. The final one was Avery riding the guy as he lay on his back. They were having sex, no question. Avery was squarely facing the camera, a look of ecstasy and concentration on her face.
I was horrified. "Amy, Joe should not be sending you pictures like this. It's inappropriate- you're his babysitter."
"Ace, I'm 22 years old. I'm not a child. And give Joe a break. He's hurting right now. Besides," she said taking a step closer with a devilish grin, "don't act like you didn't like those pictures of Avery. You sure examined them thoroughly. I bet you're hard right now." She grabbed my dick through my shorts.
"That's what I thought," she said grinning and starting to rub gently. "Not as hard as that guy in the pic though, that thing was huge. At least Avery got her money's worth," she joked.
I refrained from reacting negatively to this comment because things were looking pretty favorable for me to get some action here. After all, Amy was leaving tomorrow for five days- I'd better get it while I can. Moments later, she was peeling her shirt and bra off, the last remnants of her clothes, as she straddled me and climbed onto my cock. Amy's about 5'5" with medium length blonde hair. Her tits are at least C's- maybe D's now as she's probably gained 5-6 lbs in the past few months. Not that I minded at all, she still looks fantastic naked- it's just enough to make everything bounce ever so slightly as she wiggles on my cock. Even with the few extra pounds she still has a slender, tight little heart shaped ass that is maybe her best feature.
In only a couple minutes I'd cum on the floor (Amy never let me cum inside her or onto her). She all but kicked me out of her place after that, claiming she needed to shower and pack and get a good night's sleep before her trip.
As I drove home, I kicked myself for not pushing back harder on Amy about going in this trip. She was going to the beach for five days with a 30 year old guy who was for all intents and purposes newly single. And she was going as a babysitter but staying well past the time any children would be there, replacing the family environment with a couple extra single guys. On top of that, Anna would be in the mix. Anna is Amy's college friend who's much sluttier than Amy ever was and tends to be a bad influence on Amy. I've stated in front of both of them that Amy makes terrible decisions when she's with Anna. Needless to say, Anna and I don't like each other much.
I trust Amy of course, she has a flirty care free side that is part of why I love her, however it makes me nervous when she's away. In retrospect, she's clearly used sex tonight to manipulate me and steer the conversation away from my reservations about her going on this trip. I resolved to keep close tabs on her the next five days.
Day 1- Friday
They left early Friday morning on the 4 hour trip to the beach. I was busy at work and momentarily forgot my worry about Amy. I took a break in the early afternoon to eat the lunch I'd brought and checked my phone. Amy had sent a text a few minutes ago. It was a photo. I opened it and saw it a picture of Amy in a blue bikini. It wasn't tiny but it was one if her more low cut ones and showed plenty of cleavage. She was crouching down next to the pool, holding a pool toy and apparently interacting with a child who wasn't in the frame. The way she was leaning forward showed even more of her large boobs. "Hey baby, we made it safely. At the pool playing with the little ones, I love being a babysitter!"
I was glad she was having fun with the kids but I groaned internally as I thought about her prancing around in that little bikini in front if Joe and probably plently of other grown men at the pool. Worse, another adult (probably Joe) must have taken the picture, fully aware of how much of her body was revealed in it.
I didn't get an update for a while after that so I called her when I got off work. No answer. After a miserable few hours of me trying to entertain myself with TV and video games, she finally FaceTimed around 8pm. "Sorry babe, my phone died. My charger isn't working so I had to borrow Joe's. We just got Lydia to bed, she was exhausted after a long day at the pool." I noticed she was still in the same bikini top.
"Amy did you wear your bikini all evening?" I asked.
"Well yeah, we were so busy after the pool getting the kids fed and in bed, I didn't have time to change. I put on pants though, see?" She scanned the phone down her body to reveal she had indeed put on some very tight black yoga pants over her bikini bottoms. Still, I silently lamented how much of her tits and bare midriff had been on display all evening.
"Don't you think you should cover up a little more?" I asked.
"Ace, I'm at the beach. Relax a little- no one's looking at me here. It's a family resort."
I knew for a fact that every dad at that pool had enjoyed the sight of Amy all afternoon but I kept my mouth shut.
We talked a few more minutes and I was relieved that she made her way back to her own room as we did. Finally we said our goodbyes. I went to sleep thinking that maybe I'd worried needlessly.
Day 2- Saturday
I woke up around 7:30 the next morning and decided to facetime Amy. I figured the kids would have her awake already. Surprisingly though, she looked sleepy eyed and I could tell right away that I'd awoken her. I also immediately noticed that she wasn't in her room where she'd been last night when we hung up. She appeared to be on a couch. She was wearing a pink nightie that I recognized- it was among her most revealing sleepwear items. It barely covered her ass and had a tendency to ride up and reveal her butt and pussy. I usually loved that thing but not in this context.
"Amy where did you sleep?" I asked.
"Fell asleep on the couch," she muttered sleepily. "I was almost asleep and then realized I still had Joe's charger. I went to take it back and planned on coming right back, but we ended up talking on the couch for 3 hours til almost midnight. Joe said I just fell asleep face down on the pillow as we were talking. Don't worry Ace, he was a gentleman. He just put a blanket on me and went to bed."
I sighed. There was no doubt in my mind that the nightie had come up to reveal her ass if she fell asleep face down. I'd admired her butt many nights as she slept in that position. There was only one question to answer.
"Amy are you wearing panties?"
"Well... um... no. You know I don't sleep in panties, and like I said, I never intended to stay over here more than a minute."
"Amy, I know that nightie you're in. There's a 100% chance your ass was showing in that thing. Hell, you were probably showing a lot more than that while you guys sat there talking for hours. No wonder he wanted to talk." I was getting worked up.
Amy's eyes narrowed. "Sure Ace, it couldn't just be because I'm an interesting person or because he's lonely without Avery. Had to be because he just wanted to see my pussy. For your information I was very aware of it and very careful not to reveal anything."
"You couldn't gave been aware when you were asleep!" I exclaimed.
"Well if he saw anything, which I doubt, he immediately covered me with a blanket. I don't understand why you're so untrusting, babe."
"Whatever, forget it," I said. Arguing wasn't doing any good. "What are you guys up to today?"
"Eating breakfast, and then going to head to the beach. I'll call you later," she said, and hung up. She was clearly irritated with me.
I didn't expect to hear anything until that evening, but my phone rang again about 4 hours later. A facetime call from Amy.
When I answered, she was breathless and looked flushed and a little panicked.
"Babe," she said, barely above a whisper. "I'm in a situation and I don't know what to do. The girls got tired on the beach so Joe and the Smiths asked me to bring them back up to the condo and feed them lunch and then put them down for a nap. As I was carrying Lydia to her bed, she spilled milk all over me. I put her down and then walked next door to my condo room to put my clothes in the wash. I realized I had some stuff of Lydia's to wash too so I walked back over to grab it, but i realized I didn't bring my keycard with me. So I'm locked out of both condos."
I was confused. "So why not go get a key from the front desk, or from Joe? I don't understand what the issue is."
"Well, um... since their door's like 5 feet from mine, I didn't bother putting my clothes back on after I threw them in the wash. I was planning to just sneak into the other condo and be back in 5 seconds." She panned down her body to reveal that she was indeed completely naked. Holy shit.
"Ace, some college kids just got off the elevator and saw me. I think one if them took a picture before they left! What do I do?"
My heart was pounding. "Is there nothing you can cover up with?"
"There's only some kids toys- wait. Hang on I'm putting the phone down."
For a couple minutes I saw only blackness as she's apparently set the camera face down. Finally she picked it up.
"Ok the kids have this sand sifter toy that has handles on each end. I took the plastic handle off a toy bucket and threaded it through the handles on the sifter. It's at least covering my front, see?" She held the phone where I could see. It looked ridiculous. In any other situation I would have laughed. The toy was about 8 inches in diameter and would have done a decent job covering her front except for the fact it was a sifter that was full of holes. Still, at least it somewhat obscured the view of her pussy. The bucket strap went around behind her above her ass and hung on top of her ass cheeks to hold the sifter in place. Obviously it offered no coverage of her butt, and she was still completely topless.
"Oh shit, babe, someones coming." I suddenly got a very zoomed in view of her ass and then the screen went black again and I realized she was using the phone to try to cover up her butt as she retreated from whoever was coming.
"Amy?" I heard a male voice say. "What are you doing out here? Hey- uhhh... whoa why don't you have any clothes on?" It was Joe.
The call dropped- either she hung up or it got disconnected somehow. For several agonizing minutes I waited. My fiance was naked with another guy and I had no way of knowing what was happening.
Finally, she called back a few minutes later. She was giggling which surprised me. "What are you laughing at?" I asked.
"Well I was explaining what happened to Joe and I was so embarrassed and almost crying and midway through my explanation he just busted out laughing and then I realized how ridiculous the situation was and started laughing uncontrollably too. He let me in immediately but we were both laughing so hard that I fell on the floor. Babe I could hardly breathe. Anyway he got me a towel and went to the front desk to get me another key card."
"I can't believe you find this funny," I said.
"Oh, lighten up. He was nice about it and it's not like he was sitting there leering at me, he was laughing too hard anyway. Besides, I covered my boobs with one hand and my butt with another. He couldn't have seen much."
"Yeah," I said sarcastically, "I'm sure you did a great job covering yourself while you were literally rolling on the floor laughing."
"Babe, you need to relax. It was an accident and it's over and its funny now."
"I'm sorry I don't find my fiance horsing around naked with other dudes funny." I hung up in anger.
I didn't call her back the rest of the day. I expected her to call and apologize but I didn't want to be the one to cave. I slept poorly as I was worried about the way the week was developing. And tomorrow the kids were leaving and the environment would turn from a family vacation to a guy's trip. A guy's trip my fiance happened to be on.
Day 3- Sunday
I caved and called Amy the next morning. She didn't answer and it took a couple hours to call me back.
"Sorry," she said. "I've been getting the girls packed for their mountain vacay. They just left with the Smiths."
"Gotcha. Where's Joe?" I asked, trying to sound as uninterested as possible.
"He went to get a workout in before his friends get here this afternoon," she answered.
"Cool, what are you doing the rest of the day?" I asked.
"Anna's coming by, we are gonna go shopping and maybe to the beach and then go out later tonight."
We talked for about 5 more minutes, during which Amy semi-apologized for yesterday's events, but still didn't really understand why I was mad in the first place. She called it "harmless".
We hung up and I tried to keep myself busy. Two hours later, I got a text from her. "Trying on bathing suits with Anna." A picture came through moments later and I did a double take. It was her and Anna, topless and covering their tits with their arms. In the mirror I could see their asses in matching bikini bottoms that were very nearly G strings. Anna may be a bitch but she was an attractive one with light brown hair and a perfect rack. It was a very sexy picture. Then I noticed something else. There were feet just visible in the mirror, with men's shoes on them. It had to be a tall person taking the photo, because it was taken at a slightly downward angle, even in relation to Anna, who was pretty talk for a girl. The feet and ankles in the mirror appeared just between the girl's knees and the rest of his reflection was blocked by their nearly bare asses and naked backs.
"Amy, who took that picture?" I texted.
"Oh, her boyfriend Seth came with us."
"What the fuck, you're just trying in bathing suits in front of him?"
"No silly he just barged in, but we heard him coming and covered up, and now we put our tops back on. He didn't see anything. I told him if he was gonna come in he had to give you the same view he got of us, so we took the picture just for you. But now he's being a tool and trying on Speedos." This one came with a shrug emoji.
What the hell? I angrily tapped my phone to make a call to Amy. She answered on the first ring.
"Hey babe," she said. "Ok this might be another situation where you have to be here to get how funny it is, but... um... Seth won't fit in this speedo."
"What? Amy why is he trying on swimsuits in the same room as you?"
"I don't know, Anna and him have some dumb bet that he wouldn't wear a speedo to the beach and he just came back here with one and tried to put it on."
I heard some crosstalk and Anna giggling in the background and I thought a make voice said "well help me out." I heard Amy gasp and more laughter from Anna.
"Amy, what the fuck us going on? You said I get to see everything the other guy sees, so clue me in."
"Ok fine, hang on."
She FaceTimed. She was red in the face and obviously had been laughing. "Ok babe don't shoot the messenger but you said you wanted to see. Just remember I am here against my will." Her occasional giggle told me she was not there against her will.
She flipped the phone around and there was Anna standing next to Seth. Anna was in a yellow bikini and Seth was naked except for a comically small speedo, with an enormous boner hanging out of it. Anna had the boner in her hand and was slowly stroking it while rolling her eyes at Seth who was cracking jokes about the predicament.
Amy narrated, "I guess Seth got his big thing a little excited when he took the picture and the speedo he was trying on wouldn't accommodate it. He said he needs Anna to get rid of it."
"Amy get the fuck out of there. Why are you watching this?" Anna was stroking faster now.
"Well the shop owner just knocked and said people are waiting on the dressing room and we need to hurry up. If I open the door, whoever's waiting will see whats going on. I'm stuck." She was whispering.
I heard a knock and a loud voice. "Ok if you guys aren't out in 2 minutes, I'm calling the cops."
"Fuck, Anna take your top off, I need a little visual to finish," Seth said.
Anna obeyed, removed her top and began playing with her tits. Even as dumbstruck and pissed as I was, I had to take a moment to appreciate how nice they were.
Amy put the camera back on herself and whispered that she had to put the phone down and change back into her clothes.
Wait- was she about to strip naked in there to change? I got my answer quickly as she pit the phone down camera up. She untied the back of her bikini top and let it fall. As her tits bounced into view she quickly hooked her thumbs in the bottoms and slid them down. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. She leaned over to pick her panties, and stood back up to turn them right-side-out. Just then I heard a loud grunt. Amy froze for a second that seemed to take forever as I waited for her to cover herself.
"What the fuck?!" Amy yelled. "Ace, I'll call you back." The last thing I saw before the call cut was her perfect tits hanging over my point of view as she bent down to end the call.
Five minutes later, my phone rang. "Hey," she said, a little sheepishly. "Sorry we had to get out of there quick."
I was losing my temper. "Amy what the hell is going on? How do you think that was acceptable?"
"I know, babe." She was speaking quieter. "Look it wasn't my fault but I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't have put myself in that situation. Look, we're about to go to the beach, I'll call you back later. I love you, and I'm sorry."
I stewed for awhile. Two different guys now had seen my fiance naked in two days, and now she was still hanging out with that slut Anna who was always getting her in trouble. I couldn't believe this was going on- it was even worse than I'd feared when she went in this trip. And what the hell had happened in the changing room right before she hung up?
To my surprise, she called just over an hour later.
"Where are you?" I asked.
"Back at the condo relaxing with a bottle of wine by myself. Ace, I'm so sorry about this afternoon. I know I messed up, and after the misunderstanding yesterday I know you're mad. I will make it up to you I promise."
"Where's Anna? I thought you guys were going out."
"We kinda got into a little fight at the beach. I think I'm just going to hang here tonight and go to sleep."
I was relieved, but also curious. "What happened?"
Amy looked ashamed. "Well, I've always known you and Anna don't get along, and she likes to antagonize you. When I was changing back into my clothes, Seth finally came and... well she aimed at me."
"What?!"
"It was far away, at least five feet, but it got all over my leg and feet. There was a LOT of it. More than I've ever seen. And I didn't even have a chance to clean it off good because if the rush we were in. I had to just throw my clothes on with my legs and feet still all sticky. It was humiliating and I'm still mad at Anna. She just think's it's funny and I'm overreacting."
I couldn't believe this. I'd never even been allowed to cum anywhere near my fiance- she said it was gross. And now she'd been sprayed by a virtual stranger. "I don't know what to say," was all I could mutter.
"I'm sorry, it was degrading and unacceptable. Like I said, I'll make it up to you."
Just then, a knock came at her door. "Hold on," she said, and put the phone down. I heard Joe in the background, introducing her to his buddies, Josh and Kyle. She greeted them and then I heard them invite her to join them in their condo room for dinner. I was relived when she declined, saying she'd probably just go to bed early.
"Admit something to me," she asked when they'd left. "Did it turn you on at all seeing me and Anna in the dressing room, and seeing trapped naked in front of another guy like that?"
I started stammering, "I mean, you're obviously super hot and while I think Anna sucks as a person I'll admit she's attractive but..."
"Did you get hard?" she asked?
"I mean, a little... but-,"
"I knew it, Anna told me you probably had a kink where it turns you in when I show off," she beamed. That isn't even close to what I'd said but she was being apologetic and conciliatory so I decided to let it pass.
We hung up shortly after. "Well at least tomorrow can't be worse than today," I thought.
Day 4- Monday
I woke up the next morning to several texts from Amy. "Good morning babe. Hope you slept well. Time for me to start making up for yesterday."
This was followed by about 10 pictures, all of them in very sexy nude poses. My hand involuntarily went to my cock as I started scrolling through. I'd be lying if I said I didn't scroll a little further back in my texts to the pics of Amy and Anna from yesterday, and I might have glanced at the pics of Avery on the boat. When I'd finished my business, I ate some breakfast and went left for work. It was going to be a good day.
I had just gotten back from lunch and sat down in my office when a FaceTime came in from Amy. I almost spit out the water I was drinking when I answered. She was sitting in a hot tub, her exposed breasts above the roiling water. She was smiling broadly.
"Amy what the fuck? Are you topless?"
She hit a button next to her. The bubbling water stilled, and she held the the phone at a downward angle. Through the still water it was plain she didn't have bottoms on either. "Nope, I'm naked," she exulted.
"Amy are you serious? Again?" I was aghast.
"Relax babe, the guys left to play golf 45 minutes ago. Thought I'd call and give you a show. I'm feeling horny and I need to get off." She started rubbing herself under the water.
"Amy isn't the hot tub on the balcony? What if someone sees you?"
"Don't worry," she purred. "There's a privacy shade that goes all the way around the balcony and I closed it," she moaned.
"Amy, I'm at work, my boss could walk in any minute."
"Why don't you record the screen on your phone so that you'll get to watch this show back later when you can jerk off to it?" She'd now lifted herself out of the tub and was sitting on the edge masturbating aggressively.
I hit record and stuck the headphones in to silence my phone, as she was getting continuously louder. It's a good thing I did because my boss walked into my office 15 seconds later.
"Need you in the conference room, all hands on deck- we've got an emergency with a client, this might take all afternoon."
After recovering from almost being caught, I left the phone face down on my desk, still recording and headed for the meeting. He wasn't kidding, the issue consumed the next 4 hours of my life.
When I got to my office, my phone was still there, face down, but it was dead. I guess 4 hours of recording will do that. I grabbed it and headed to my car, eager to get home and see what I'd captured. I charged the phone on the way home.
I got to my apartment, grabbed a beer, changed into sweatpants and sat down on the couch. I found the video on my phone, it was 2.5 hours long, but a quick swipe to scroll through showed me the video ended after about 6 minutes, the rest was just my phone recording my own home screen. I started the video.
There was Amy, in the same position I left her, seated on the edge of the tub going at it. I reached into my pants. After a minute I was rock hard and Amy was standing up on the edge of the tub. She walked around it to the other side and propped the phone up across the tub from her to give me a view. She then sat down on the other end of the tub, spread eagle toward the camera and started continued at it. She was about to climax and so was I when it happened.
Behind Amy in the frame was the sliding door to the balcony, which was open, and in the distance behind it, the door to the condo opened. Amy heard it and pivoted where she sat toward the door. 3 guys walked in the door. Joe, Josh and Kyle were home. She stood up as if to flee, but simply froze as she realized she had nowhere to go. She stood facing them with her ass toward the camera and me. Her legs were quavering and she was breathing heavily, making her ass jiggle a bit. I could just see the side edge of her right boob, which was also shaking. After what seemed like an eternity, Joe said, "Josh, Kyle, you remember Amy," he said indicating them each in turn. The 3 guys laughed and the tension seemed to be broken just a bit, I could tell by her posture that the joke made her relax a fraction and she was starting to regain her composure. She said "I... um... thought you guys were golfing," barely audible to me. She still made no attempt to cover herself.
"Got rained out," Joe said. "It's pouring at the course 15 minutes away. Florida weather for you. Look if we, uh... are interrupting we can give you a few-,"
"No," she said quickly and walked into the room toward the guys. "No, it's your condo, let me go grab my clothes they're behind you over there-"
"Hang on," said the one called Josh said putting his hand lightly on her shoulder as she walked past. She stopped and seeing his eyes roaming her body finally put a self conscious arm over her chest. "Amy, you got nothing to be embarrassed about here, why don't you stay and hang a while. We're just gonna drink some beers and try to catch some sun."
"That's kind, but I'm engaged and I really shouldn't be-," Amy started, but Kyle broke in.
"Look it's not like you meant for us to see you this way," Kyle broke in, "but now it's happened. You can't get any more naked, and it's nothing we haven't already seen. You aren't cheating on your man by just hanging out. Besides I heard Joe saw most of this already yesterday."
Joe punched Kyle on the arm and gave him a "what the fuck" look but said nothing.
"Admit it," said Josh, "It's kind of exciting. It beats whatever boring stuff you're going to do today otherwise. Tell you what, if you hang out with us the way you are, I'll equal whatever Josh is paying you for the week. Double money just to hang out."
Kyle spoke next. "Hell if it makes you feel better, I'll do it with you. Don't laugh at my tan lines." He took his shirt off to reveal large pecs and a sixpack. After kicking off his shoes, he lowered his shorts and boxers. His dick was revealed and I died a little inside. It was at least the length mine is when fully erect except much thicker, and he only looked to be about half hard.
Joe finally spoke. "Amy if this is making you uncomfortable pleased dont feel pressured to... you know... stay," he trailed off.
Amy was now retreating from them back toward the balcony. "I... I need to get my phone." When she reached the edge of the tub, she sat on the edge of it and then got in, crossing the tub toward the phone. She never took her eyes off of the guys as I saw her hand reach back toward the camera lens.
Suddenly the room was spinning and I heard Amy say "Oh shit." It took me a moment realize what had happened. She'd dropped her phone in the hot tub. The screen recording showed my home screen again.
I didn't move for a solid 5 minutes as I struggled to regulate my breathing through my rage. "FUCK!" I finally screamed and threw my phone against the wall. I slumped back on the couch and buried my head in my hands.
After a few minutes, I went over to grab the phone. Amazingly it wasn't even cracked. I dialed Amy. Straight to voicemail. Her phone was broken.
I was still struggling to calm down. What the fuck had I just watched? Surely she'd come to her senses, gotten dressed, and left. Surely she was currently working to repair her phone and would call me any minute. Just then my phone buzzed. A text from an unknown number.
"Hey babe, dropped my phone in water and it's still not working, if you need me call Joe's phone, this is the number."
So she was probably still with the guys. But surely she'd put clothes on. I composed myself and punched the number. Joe answered after a few rings.
"Hello?" he said.
"Joe its Ace, Amy's fiance. Could you put her on?"
"Yeah sure man, she's on the balcony let me go take the phone to her."
I heard Amy talking in the background and caught a snippet of a sentence- "...yes I'm sure I don't need any more sunscreen, loser..."
"Hey Amy," Joe said, "It's your boyfriend." I gritted my teeth at him not using the word "fiance".
"Hey babe," came the innocent familiar tone. "What's up?"
I'd already decided I'd play a little dumb and see if she'd lie to me.
"What are you doing?" I asked, trying not to sound accusatory.
"Just hanging with Joe and his friends. Their golf got rained out." Then in a lower voice, she said, "I almost got caught at the end of the little show I put on for you."
Almost? She clearly was hoping the camera angle and audio hadn't captured the sequence of events when the guys walked in. So much for being calm and playing dumb- I lost my cool.
"Amy are you really going to lie to me? I saw and heard everything that happened. They saw you naked, you saw Kyle naked, and you sure didn't seem in a hurry as you were leaving to get dressed. I heard them ask you to stay."
"Hang on," she said. It was clear she was walking to another room to talk in private.
"Babe, I'm sorry I was slow when I was trying to get dressed, my clothes are all the way over on the kitchen counter, behind where they were standing and I just froze and couldn't get to-,"
"Wait, wait, wait. You just said your clothes ARE on the kitchen counter, not WERE. Are you still naked?"
Silence.
"Amy please tell me you aren't-"
She started rambling. "Babe just hear me out. I couldn't think. I never expected to be in that situation and like I said I just froze. For one thing, they made me feel at ease and they made a good point that they'd already seen everything. We're just hanging out and having some beers. It's not like I'm cheating on you. You know you even said yesterday that you got hard when Seth saw me naked. And Josh- well he's paying me extra- to see something he'd already seen. We'll be able to afford that band we want for the wedding." She hesitated and sighed. "I was going to leave, really I was. Then I dropped my phone and kind of forgot about everything else. And the guys went out of their way to help me try to get my phone working and found a bag of rice to put it in to try to fix it. And by the time we'd done that I'd already been hanging out...ummm... you know... naked with them for 10 minutes so I just figured screw it. Someone handed me a beer which I desperately needed to take the edge off after the phone thing and uh... you know... I was still a little horny because I never came so that made me even more on edge."
I couldn't listen it any more. She'd been hanging out completely nude with a bunch of horny guys for hours. She was trying to justify it to me.
I shouted. I couldn't help it. "YOU FUCKING BETRAYED ME AMY. YOU'RE ACTING LIKE A STUPID FUCKING WHORE- YOU EVEN GOT PAID LIKE A WHORE. YOU'RE SLUTTING AROUND NAKED WITH THESE DUDES ALL DAY AND THEN TRYING TO JUSTIFY IT?! FUCK THEM AND FUCK YOU!"
I threw my phone for the second time. This time it shattered for sure. I collapsed in a ball of rage, almost hyperventilating. After about 30 minutes I'd somewhat calmed down. I realized I needed to call her back and get her out of that condo to limit the damage tonight and just deal with it all in the morning. It was after 7 by now and all the cell phone shops were closed. How could I get in touch with her?
I needed to think, I needed to eat. I decided to heat up some leftover pizza, and I drank a couple beers, trying to make a plan. What about social media?
I spent a few hours on facebook. I sent a message to Amy in case she logged on to her computer. I apologized for what I'd said and asked her to please just go back to her condo and we'd talk tomorrow.
I located each of the guys and sent them messages asking her to call. Finally after several hours I got one back at 11pm. It was Josh. "All good bro- it's not like she fucked anyone. She's gone to bed now at her place."
I was relieved and finally felt like I could sleep. I decided to check snapchat on the web just in case she'd messaged me that way. No luck. Just as I was about to close my laptop and try to calm down enough to sleep, I noticed I had 15 messages from a phone number I didn't recognize- it wasn't in my contacts. I clicked on it- it was a video. It was Kyle, talking to the camera in Selfie mode.
"Avery, Avery, Avery, I know what you did. Joe doesn't know I have your number but I stole it from his phone when he was busy. He's been pretty busy. You fucked up bad Avery and revenge is sweet."
What? Why was Kyle snapchatting me and why was he taking my number from Joe's phone? I'd never even met Kyle. What revenge? And why was he calling me Avery? No one called me that."
I clicked the next message. It was a short video of a naked Amy, taken from the side as she stood on her tip toes trying to grab something from a kitchen cabinet. Josh, wearing just his golf shorts came up behind her and reached over her to help her pull down a bag of rice, his body briefly pressing against her back as he did so. The caption read "You probably recognize this girl, your favorite babysitter."
It hit me. Kyle was meaning to message Joe's estranged wife, who shared a name with me. He'd pulled the wrong contact from her phone.
I clicked the next message. A photo this time. It showed Amy laying naked on a deck chair on the porch, chatting with Joe, who wore a swimsuit. "He's telling her he likes her tan lines," the caption said.
Next message. A video. The caption read "We declared the porch and hot tub a Naked Only zone. I think the babysitter's helping your man out of his clothes." The video had Amy and Joe sitting next to each other in the hot tub, drinking beer and giggling about something. Finally Amy stood up. She was naked of course, and was holding Joe's boxers. She was redfaced from what looked like a mixture of alcohol and embarrassment, but she was grinning from ear to ear. She looked like she was having fun.
Next message. No caption on this one. It was a video of Joe covering Amy in sunscreen. He was doing her shoulders and back. Josh could be seen sitting in a deck chair in the background and watching. True to the apparent new rule, he also appeared to be naked. Amy was officially just casually hanging out nude with 3 naked dudes. To my horror, Amy turned around to face Joe. He started rubbing sunscreen into her stomach- his erection was just inches from touching her. His hands wandered up toward her tits, making incidental contact with the sides of them and then rubbing her shoulders and upper arms. He then returned to her chest just below her neck, and started slowly downward. I kept expecting her to stop him but soon he was cupping and squeezing her breasts. My fiance was letting another guy play with her tits.
"This is so bad, I have a boyfriend," she said. That word again: boyfriend. I was her fiance, damnit.
"It's for sun protection," said Joe. "I have to be thorough, it's for your safety." He lifted her left tit with one hand and carefully massaged the underside of it with the other. Amy giggled. Her nipples were hard. I also noticed the privacy shade that went around the balcony had been pulled aside. Anyone could see them from an adjacent balcony or even from the beach. They were only on the 4th floor.
Next message. Caption: "She accepted a dare to tip the pizza guy." It showed Amy, naked, looking nervously back at the camera before opening the door to the condo. She was greeted by a very surprised man who looked to be in his 40's. She took a couple pizzas from him and handed him cash, and then stood there facing him while he fumbled around with her change, taking his time and glancing up as much as he could. She stayed in character the whole time as if it were a totally normal thing, and then as soon as the door shut she doubled over laughing as did all the guys.
Next message was another video. "Joe needed a new coat of sunscreen What a tease!" They were back on the balcony, and Amy was kneeling before Joe. She squirted sunscreen on her hands and started coating his stomach and then his thighs. Kyle and Josh were chanting "Touch it! Touch it! Touch it!" She shook her head as if disgusted, but her smile betrayed her face. Her eyes were locked on his penis and after a few seconds she slowly wrapped both hands around it. "Oh, gosh, it's ... heavy," she said as she lifted it to coat the underside, and then, "you guys this is so wrong." I thought she was about to start straight up jacking him off but suddenly she stopped and said "There! All lotioned up." She grabbed it near the base and gave it a final shake, flopping it from side to side before letting go of it.
Next message was a still photo of her on standing fully naked facing the camera. She was on the phone. "Uh oh... on the phone with her man." This must be when I called. She was shrugging at the camera and seemed to be rolling her eyes.
Next message. She was sitting on a couch next to Joe, looking upset. He had his hand on her knee. The caption read "Her bf yelled at her. Joe trying to console her."
Next message. "She was sad and almost left but we talked her into a game of flip cup." The video only showed the end of the game, with Amy finishing chugging a beer and then flipping the cup successfully on the first try. "Yes!" she squealed, and celebrated by running to Joe and jumping into his arms, straddling him. He spun her around and the video ended her perfect butt faced the camera. Joe's dick was visible between her legs, her pussy must be resting directly on the base of it.
Next message. "Deciding the wager on the next game." It was a video of Amy negotiating the rules. "It would be cheating if I cum. You guys can cum if you have to but I'm not helping you cum, that would also be cheating. I have to draw the line somewhere!" She was smiling and appeared to be enjoying the conversation.
I went to the next message. "She lost, and I let your husband have my reward for winning, Avery," the caption said. The video started with a zoomed in version of Amy laying on her back, it was zoomed it to where only her face and tits were visible in the frame. She put her forearms against the outside of her boobs and squeezed them together. Suddenly, a dick slid into the frame. The camera zoomed out a bit and Kyle must have walked behind Amy's head. Joe was sitting on her stomach, straddling her, and fucking her tits as she pushed them together.
"You guys.... oh my gosh you guys this is so wrong. It feels like I'm cheating." She looked like she was into it though, and she alternated between giggling and a look of concentration as she held her tits in place.
"You aren't helping him with your hands and he's doing all the work. It's not cheating," Kyle assured her from behind the camera. I couldn't believe this. Amy had never let me fuck her tits before. The video ended.
Next message was a still shot. I nearly stopped breathing. Amy was in the same position on the couch, and her entire chest was completely covered in cum. She was smiling but was flipping the camera off with her left hand, her engagement ring glinting. "She saved us all from blue balls," the caption read. I was nearly hyperventilating again.
The last message was a video of Joe leading her by the hand as they walked toward a hallway. "Hitting the showers at the end of a fun night," the caption said. They walked past the camera and the last thing I saw was Amy's beautiful butt disappearing around the corner.
I don't know how long I lay in bed before I passed out. This was the worst day my life.
Day 5- Tuesday
I woke up almost panicked. I had to talk to Amy. I was at the store when it opened to buy a new phone to replace my broken one. I got that done pretty quickly and was on my way to work. I dialed Amy's number, still straight to voicemail. Damn.
I made a decision and dialed another number. I hated that I had to resort to this but it was my only option. "Hello?"came a sleepy on the other end of the line.
"Anna, it's me, Ace," I said. "I need your help."
"Ace, what the hell... its early in the morning and I'm hung over. Besides why would I help you?" Anna grumbled.
I recounted in detail the events of the day before and told her I needed her help finding out what happened and where I stood with Amy. And to make sure she didn't stray further.
"Wait, so Amy's all pissed at you and getting jizzed on by random guys?" She laughed. "Ace you are so fucked."
"Look, I didn't ask for your assessment of the situation, Anna. Will you help me or not?"
"Yeah I'll go by there, but only to make sure she's ok and because I'm curious now."
I grudgingly thanked her and told her what condo they were in. She agreed to call me when she spoke to Amy.
Work was torture all morning as I waited to hear something. Finally around 11:15, Anna texted. "I convinced her to go to lunch with me. We're headed there now. She's pretty hung over and she hasn't said much."
An excruciating hour later, Anna called.
"Ok, I found out a bunch of stuff for you. You owe me bigtime," she said.
"Just tell me everything," I said.
"Relax, Ace, nothing happened. She just hung out naked for a bit with some hot guys with big cocks."
"Dammit, Anna," I said, exasperated. "Why would I care how big their cocks are?"
"Well I care about that part- it was my favorite part of the story. Actually you should probably care too if they're as big as she described. She said the one guy, Kyle is even bigger than Seth and she said Joe's pretty hung as well. Josh is apparently... well, more like you- a little smaller than average." She seemed to take pleasure in relaying that last part.
"She said that? I mean- whatever it doesn't matter. But she's lying about 'just hanging out' right? I mean I saw her covered in cum in that Snapchat. Does she know I've seen those?" I asked.
"Well, now she does because I told her. But get this- Kyle sent those to Joe's wife Avery also. Apparently he saw two Avery's in Joe's phone and just thought she had two numbers, or that one was an old number. Anyway, she didn't fuck anyone, apparently she told them she considered it cheating if she got off with them or if she got anyone off. She lost a bet though so they compromised and decided if she let Joe tit fuck her, it wasn't like she was touching him. Then the other 2 guys were horny so she just let them jerk off. She said she didn't know they were going to cum all over her when she said she didn't mind if they jerked off, but Joe already had painted her pretty good so she figured it didn't matter much."
"Fuck," was all I could think to say.
"Lighten up, Ace, you got off easy. You're lucky Amy thinks it's cheating to cum with another guy. As far as I'm concerned, it's not cheating unless you're fucking, especially if you aren't married," Anna said.
"Thanks for your opinion Anna," I said testily, "but I think I'm in a better position than you to define what cheating is in my own relationship."
"Whatever man. Anyway, she said you were a dick to her on the phone. Called her a whore and everything. Not cool, Ace." This girl was insufferable.
"Is she still mad?" I asked. "I mean, did she say anything about her and I going forward?"
Anna sighed. "Look, against my advice, Amy's wants to offer you a deal. You give her a pass for her behavior this trip and she'll forgive what you said to her. Fresh start tomorrow. It's a good deal- I told her to forget about you for the record.
I hesitated, but what choice did I have? I still loved my fiance, and at least this would put an end to this nightmare. "Ok," I said quietly, "I'll do it. I forgive her."
"Great, now say goodbye to Amy, she insisted on being on speakerphone to make sure she heard everything."
"Hey, babe," I heard Amy say.
"Amy- can we just talk-," I started, but Anna interrupted.
"Nope, she'll talk to you tomorrow," Anna said, and the line went dead.
I breathed a sigh of both exasperation and relief. As much as I still felt like I was getting the short end of the stick, I could at least stop worrying about further issues. And I did have Anna to thank for it, albeit reluctantly. Maybe she wasn't so bad. I texted her, thanking her for helping put this behind us and asking what they were up to this afternoon. I figured it was best to stay on her good side.
I turned my focus back to my work. Maybe I'd finally get something done.
My phone vibrated- Anna had texted back. "No problem, loser. We are headed back to Joe's condo, of course. I gotta see these big cocks for myself."
"Ha-ha," I texted. "Very funny. You guys don't spend too much money shopping. We've got a wedding to pay for."
15 minutes later, a picture came in. It was Amy and Anna in a hot tub. Wait an minute! It was Joe's hot tub! I recognized the railing on the balcony. In spite of myself, I had to admire how sexy they both looked. They were wearing their tiny yellow bikinis they'd bought at the store a couple days back.
"What the hell are you guys doing there???" I typed.
"Waiting on the guys to get home from golf. I bet they'll be all sweaty. Amy's so nervous she's chugging beers," said Anna.
"Nervous? Why would she be nervous?" I asked. My mind was reeling.
"Because you're the only guy she's ever fucked, so she's never been dicked properly. I told her it's going to be like losing her virginity all over again."
I couldn't believe this. "What?! Anna, we had a deal! No more naked and borderline cheating stuff on this trip. Please get her put of there."
"Nope, none of that was part of the deal. The deal was you give her a pass on this trip. I didn't say 'this trip so far'. No matter what she does today, she has your permission."
"No, Anna that was not my understanding," I texted as fast as I could.
"The thing is, I'm kind of the go-between here so it really doesn't matter what you believe the agreement was, only what I believe it was. And my interpretation is that Amy has a full hall pass tonight."
"Anna, this is bullshit. Please just let me talk to her."
"No way, Ace. Look, believe it or not, this comes from a good place. I'm her friend first and foremost and what I see in my friend is a girl who is on edge from planning a wedding and the events of this week, which was supposed to be relaxing until you made her feel bad about herself. She needs to party and she needs to cum, and she doesn't need you interfering. Allow her just get it out of her system. As far as she's concerned, you already have."
I just stopped responding. I couldn't believe I was going to have to endure another day of this. But my phone buzzed again.
It was Anna. "Who knows, Ace. Maye you'll get lucky and she'll chicken out. Do you want me to keep texting? I'll keep you updated if you want, but if you don't want to know I'll stop with the updates. I'll never tell you what happened tomorrow though, and I doubt Amy will either."
I buried my head in my hands and wanted to scream. I never should have trusted Anna. "Fine," I responded. "Keep me in the loop." Maybe Amy would just get tired or her conscience would kick in and tell her this was wrong, even though Anna had brainwashed her into thinking it was ok.
"Good choice, Ace. You are gonna get some spank bank material tonight" I almost had to admire how steadfastly slutty she was.
"Don't you have a boyfriend?" I asked. "What about Seth?"
"Eh, these guys are hotter."
I told my boss I was sick and drove home. I nervously waited for any updates, allowing myself to hope none would come. I resolved to not respond to the any texts I received from Anna tonight. She almost seemed to enjoy torturing me and take it as further provocation when I asked her to stop. I decided not to play into her hands. As much as I didn't want anything to happen, at least I'd probably get some more photos of Anna being slutty and quite likely in the nude. She was easy to look at and she was definitely an exhibitionist.
Finally after a couple hours an update came. "Flashing the guys on the balcony next to us". With the text was a picture of Amy and Anna, still clad in their yellow bikinis, but apparently flashing a couple guys who were about 15 feet away and looked to be in their 30's. The guys raised their drinks in approval. Anna was turned just enough sideways that I got a pretty good side boob view from behind. Their asses looked great in the miniscule yellow bikinis, Amy's just small and heart shaped, and Anna's more muscular.
I'd lost count of how many guys had seen my fiance's tits in the past few days.
30 minutes later another picture came. It was Amy sitting on a guy's lap, both of them naked. The guy's dick wasn't in her but was pressed up against the front of her. It was average size, I'd say it went a little over halfway to her belly button from the bottom of her pussy. I started to groan but then realized what I was looking at. This was my room in my apartment, and that was my dick. It was one if the few sexy pictures Amy's ever let me take of her.
Despite my pledge not to respond, I typed "Nice try, Anna. That's my dick."
"No shit idiot. We needed a starting point for comparison," cane her reply. With it was another picture. This was Amy in her yellow bikini, sitting in the same position on Josh's lap. The dick appeared to be the exact same size as mine.
Another picture followed shortly after. Same position but she sat in Kyle's lap. This one went well past her belly button. It seemed to be only an inch from touching the underside if her left breast. It looked like it would never fit inside her.
Finally, a third picture. Joe's dick obscured hid belly button with about an centimeter to spare. At least she still had her bikini on.
About 5 minutes later, another text came in. "Holy shit, there's drama. Look who just walked in." It was a brief video of a petite woman standing with her hands on her hips, looking at Joe as Amy scrambled to get off his lap. "Isn't the babysitter a little cliche even for you, Joe?" It was Avery. She turned and walked toward the door to one of the bedrooms, scoffing at Anna as she walked by. Anna turned the camera on herself, making a mock "cringe" face. Her top was still on but the cups were folded under her large boobs. I guess she hadn't bothered to put to it back on after flashing those guys. I felt my cock move a little.
This had to be good, right? Avery was about to shut this party down, right? I couldn't believe my luck.
My relief was short lived. 5 minutes later, another video came, a longer one. It was Avery emerging from the bedroom, in a red bikini. "What's everyone staring at?" She asked. "She walked to the fridge and opened a beer. She took a big sip as she walked toward the others. Setting her beer down on the counter, she remarked, "Hey, I thought this place was a naked only zone." Without hesitation she unsnapped a clasp between her bikini cups amd let her top fall. Her tits were not huge but they perky and were perfectly proportioned to her petite frame. She slid her bottoms down and kicked them off across the room. Kyle cheered and she told him to shut up. She walked straight to Amy and shucked her bottoms to the ground. Then she spun Amy around roughly by the shoulders and ripped the knot holding her top on loose, tossing the top aside. Amy reflexively covered her tits.
"Don't get shy now, Amy. Joe, take your trunks off. You're about to fuck the babysitter, we are going to have some fun tonight and then tomorrow we are going to repair this marriage," Avery said.
Amy finally found her voice. "Avery we don't have to-,"
"You do have to, Amy."
Amy argued no further. She got on her knees and was eye level with Joe's dick, which she started stroking. Soon after, she put her hands down by her side and wrapped her mouth around it. She bobbed her head back and forth for a couple minutes before Joe offered her his hand and helped her back to her feet. He lifted her off the ground and placed her on a padded barstool next to the counter. Amy was facing him with her legs spread wide as she braced the soles of her feet against his shoulders. Anna guided the camera closer as Joe slowly plunged himself into her wetness. I heard Any shudder violently as it went in. Her face was all nervous excitement as she used her feet on his shoulders to control his depth on the first few thrusts, letting him slightly deeper each time. The look on her face hid nothing- it was almost incredulous with disbelief at the pleasure she was feeling. Suddenly, the video ended.
About twenty minutes went by with no updates. I wasn't feeling anything more than a general surreal numbness. Then a new text came with another video, about 12 minutes long.
This one started with Anna showing herself in selfie mode, she'd folded her long slender body into a barstool as well. Her big tits were bouncing and I realized she was being fucked as well. She panned slightly to her right, and it was revealed that her barstool was side by side with Amy's, who was now being fucked hard and fast. She moaned and sighed as her tits jiggled with the rhythmic slapping. The camera panned back to Anna and then slowly down, to reveal a large dick going in and out of her pussy. Had to be Kyle.
After a couple more minutes she pointed the camera the other direction, between Kyle and Joe toward Avery, who was standing and watching the action. Josh was standing behind her with his right hand reaching around her side and fingering her, and his left groping her tits. She gasped in pleasure. Suddenly I heard grunting off camera and the view quickly swung back to Amy, whose mouth was wide open in ecstacy. The dick that I could see going in and out of her was suddenly removed and white cum sprayed all over her stomach and tits. She massaged her own tits cum covered and sighed.
"You didn't give her an orgasm, that's rude," Avery said. "Kyle get that dick over here, she continued as she walked toward Amy." Kyle pulled out of Anna and lay on the ground. Amy obediently climbed off the barstool and slowly lowered herself onto Kyle's dick, while Avery held it in place. "Fuck this little slut until she cums," Avery ordered. It was clear right away from the look in Amy's eyes that this wouldn't take long. She moaned loudly and started bouncing up and down on his cock. I couldn't believe it was physically possible that his whole length and girth was fitting inside. The pace picked up steadily. Soon, her tits bounced in circles and slapped together rhythmically as she squealed in delight. After about a minute, she came, collapsing as she screamed in ecstacy onto Kyle's chest. Her toes curled and she was visibly shaking. She put her mouth on his and kissed him passionately. Strangely this bothered me more than anything else I'd seen.
Avery rather forcefully lifted Amy by her arm off of Kyle and sat down in her place. As a saw his dick glide smoothly into her, I heard Joe start to object off camera to Avery fucking his friend. She just shushed him and kept going. Anna briefly pointed the camera to the couch where Amy was just sitting down next to Joe. She lifted his dick from his lap with a hopeful look on her face, but it remained flaccid and fell back onto his leg when she let go. "Reloading," Joe said with a sheepish smile.
Anna tossed the camera to Amy. "Make yourself useful," she said. Amy picked up the camera and recorded for another few minutes as Avery rode Kyle reverse cowgirl and Anna was taken doggystyle by Josh. Both girls came loudly and simultaneously. When Kyle started to show signs of finishing, Avery lifted herself off of Kyle and took him by the hand, then grabbed Josh's hand and led both guys to the couch where Amy sat. "Make sure and finish on the designated cum slut, just like last night."
Amy handed the phone to Anna as Joe fled the couch just in time. Both guys erupted directly onto her face, and for the second straight night, all three guys had cum onto my fiance.
"Ew," she said, cum dripping from her chin. She sighed. "Time for a shower I guess."
She stood up and walked toward the bathroom. "Hey Amy, blow Ace a kiss," Anna said.
"Good night babe, see you tomorrow," Amy said as she complied.
I spent the next several hours staring at the ceiling, feeling almost nothing. I couldn't bring myself to even begin to process what had just happened or how I would handle it tomorrow. It must have been well into the early morning hours when I finally drifted off.
I awoke mid-morning to a text from Amy. "Phone's working! Good morning babe!"
"Good to know," was all I could reply.
"Look there's one thing you should know, just so you aren't surprised when I get home."
I remember thinking that almost nothing could surprise me at this point. A picture arrived.
Amy in the back seat of a car, naked. "Avery and Joe are sorta reconciled but Avery's still kind of mad at me. Said if I wanted a ride home I had to ride like this. She already made me pump gas once. Technically still part of the trip so I hope you are ok with it."
Two hours later, they dropped Amy off at my place. She walked in the door of my apartment completely naked except for her bag strapped across her shoulder. No telling how many people in my building had seen her.
For a long moment, our eyes met and no one moved. Then she dropped the bag and started walking toward me.
60 seconds later, we were having sex. I knew about five thrusts in that I was going to forgive her of everything.