You hated when I mouthed off in public. Not only was it a challenge to see how much I could get away with before you got agitated, but it meant that if you didn't accept my challenge, I'd be a brat for the rest of the day.
You grabbed my hand and dragged me in between two buildings where we were slightly shielded by a stack of crates and boxes that had been dumped. I smirked at you about to mouth off again before you grabbed my neck and held me against the wall behind me while yanking my underwear down to my ankles. I unbuckled your pants and I lifted one of my legs as I guided your cock inside me. You hoisted my leg up while maintaining the hold on my neck and drove yourself as deep inside me as you could go. I quickly lost the words I'd been ready to say as I gripped your shirt and started to moan. You forced your fingers in my mouth and pounded against me hard.
"Don't you think you should quiet down so that we're not caught? It's bad enough that you're so content being fucked where people could possibly see just how slutty you can get."
At the sound of your words I suddenly remembered where we were. I could tell you heard my breathing get heavy as I struggled to cover myself and push you away. You laughed and moved away just enough to turn me around and pin me against the wall again. I closed my legs and held them tightly together only for you to spread my ass cheeks just enough to allow your cock back into my pussy. I could barely keep my voice low as you pounded into me, pushing me against the wall. I couldn't help myself, and I grasped for your hips so I could pull you deeper into me. You groaned in my ear and drove me against the wall, my stomach flattening against it.
Your voice, in my ear again. "You're pathetic pet. So many people walking by, and yet you're dripping all over my cock".
I whined and felt my legs growing weak from your strokes. I didn't care who was seeing, I needed you inside me badly. I felt your hand strike my ass and I yelped before pushing my dress against my mouth to stifle the sounds. Your hand struck my ass again and I bit down on the fabric and felt myself cumming on your cock.
"Now pet... you know better than to cum without asking."
Shoot. I'd been so horny I'd forgotten. Before I could speak, you'd pulled away from me and had forced me onto my knees against the concrete. Your cock was in my mouth and you were fucking my throat aggressively. I could tell the thought of getting caught was making you reckless, the paranoia turning into adrenaline. I gagged and drooled as I knew you wanted, my eyes not leaving yours as you continued. I felt myself dripping and felt much hornier just from licking and sucking your cock, and you knew it. I gasped for air and you smiled, knowing if I could then I wouldn't have wanted to breathe.
"I'm running out of words to describe what a disgusting mutt you are, sweetheart."
I pouted and ran my hands under your shirt from where I still knelt on the ground. I took your cock back into my mouth and you rubbed my cheeks with your hands. You held my head and my eyes began to tear up from having you down my throat.
"What a beautiful sight, darling. You're such a good little pup."
I pulled away, gasping for air and drooling. I stood up again and whimpered, spreading my legs. You put your fingers in my mouth and held my jaw open before slipping your cock inside me again. I was sure someone heard me that time. I was whining and panting pathetically, and you were laughing and degrading me.
"Now you'll stop being a brat when we go out. You'll behave, like a good little baby should, right?"
I blushed because you were still holding my mouth open so all I could do in response was drool on your fingers. You slapped me, and I pouted before you grabbed my hips and shoved into me.
"You're so pretty when you're upset, honey. I can't take it." You leaned forward and bit my neck as you thrust inside me again, and I knew you'd reached your limit. I whimpered again as you came inside me, your hands still gripping my hips.
"You're so mean to me!" I said after you'd stopped and were holding me against you. You smiled and pecked me on the lips.
"You're a brat."