The next day, I stared at the list in front of me. This was a list of sexual favors that I had agreed to perform with a group of five 18-year-olds in the near future. A group that was probably the biggest collection of losers in their class at high-school. However, I had already engaged in what was basically a sexual orgy with all of them. I had willingly taken all of their virginities and even let them creampie me multiple times. No pregnancy was possible due to the IUD implanted in me earlier in the year.
But these favors I had agreed to would be rough and embarrassing. Teddy, possibly my least favorite male in the world, also insisted on a favor for himself that we hadn't yet agreed on. I was beginning to get myself worked up looking at the list, so I sat it down and reminded myself why I was doing this. First off, it was to keep these six assholes from revealing to everyone that I fucked a lot of people. A lot. The second reason was to ruin the reputation of my former best friend, Ashley. I wanted to expose to everyone the whore she is and that she doesn't know who the father of the baby growing inside her is.
But I first had to clear this list. The first guy I was working with was named Ethan. Ethan wanted me to accompany him to a comic convention for a weekend, wearing costumes of his choosing. The convention was a two-hour drive away. Despite the low risk of anyone I knew seeing me there, I still insisted the costumes he picked out for me cover at least part of my face. Luckily, a lot of costumes had face coverings, so it wasn't a big issue.
I met up with him Friday morning, and he drove us to the convention. During the entire trip, he talked extensively about everything he was hoping to see at the con, as well as the background of the characters I would be cosplaying. I barely listened to a word he was saying and slept through much of the ride. Once we arrived, he led me to a room where I could change. He, of course, joined me to 'help me into the costume,' but I think he really just wanted to see me naked again.
The costume was ridiculous. The majority of it looked like a slutty one-piece bathing suit. The bottom was a thong that showed 98% of my ass, while the top had a neckline that dropped to my navel, showing off so much of my tits. I had to employ a lot of tape to ensure my nipples didn't pop out. I was still convinced my areolas were peeking out, but Ethan told me I was mistaken. Otherwise, I wore fishnet stockings and a mask that covered most of my face.
"There is no way they allow people to walk around like this. We are going to get kicked out right away," I pointed out, looking at myself in the mirror. The costume was tight and gave me a prominent camel toe in the crotch.
"This is completely allowed. You'll see a lot of women dressed like this," Ethan claimed.
"We'll see. But if and when we are kicked out, I'll consider this favor completed."
I was also worried that the mask didn't cover enough and that someone would recognize me. I styled my hair in a way I didn't usually wear it, hoping that would decrease the chances that the girl showing off her tits to these nerds would be determined to be myself. Ethan had also warned me that many people would want pictures taken with me.
With the costume in place, my boobs taped up, I hoped securely, and my face as covered as it was going to get, we headed out to the convention hall. People immediately took notice of me. While a lot of other women were in costumes, I was by far the most scantly dressed. Soon, a guy asked me for a picture, which I agreed to as per the terms of this favor. That opened the floodgates, and a crowd of men surrounded me and took pictures. Eventually, they requested I turn around and show my ass as well, which I reluctantly agreed to. I kept having to remind myself that no one knew who I was.
After ten minutes, the crowd got the pictures they wanted, and we finally entered the hall. Security gave me a long look but let me in dressed as I was, proving Ethan right about that. Inside I continued to draw a lot of eyes, or rather my tits and ass did. As we walked around, more individuals approached me for pictures, looking to pose with me. Ethan would volunteer to take the photo.
In one case, a guy in his forties stood beside me for a photo. "Put your arm around her. She won't bite," Ethan said, encouraging the guy to get closer to me. He followed the suggestion and put his arms around my shoulder. "No, put your arm on her hips, I mean." The man slowly lowered his arm and put it on the opposite hip from where he stood. What was Ethan doing, I worried.
"Actually, just go ahead and grab her ass. Trust me, she is all for it," Ethan said with a smile. The middle-aged man took a step back and looked me in the eyes. I knew I had no choice if I wanted this favor to be fulfilled by this trip's end. I nodded my approval, and the man's face lit up. He quickly stood next to me again, and his hand grabbed my bare ass cheek, giving it a good squeeze. Ethan snapped several pictures, so this guy will never forget the time he felt up a chick's ass at a convention.
This did not go unnoticed by others passing by. "Hey, can you take a picture of me grabbing her ass also," a guy asked rather brazenly.
"Totally. Don't be afraid to really get a hold of it," Ethan informed him. This started up what my next hour consisted of. Me letting guys enjoy the feel of my ass while Ethan captured a picture of it. An extensive line of men, all wanting to know what my butt feels like, formed up behind Ethan. Sometimes, they would request I turn around for the pictures. Some guys did a picture together, with each grabbing part of my ass. Even a few women got in on the action that was groping my bottom. Finally, we reached the end of the line, and I went over a minute without getting groped by anyone.
Ethan and I continued walking. "What was the fucking point of that? Do you get off on seeing people feel me up," I asked, annoyed.
"Oh, I forgot about the part of our agreement where I needed to explain the reason for everything I do today," Ethan replied sarcastically. "Jesus, sorry I asked." We turned the corner of an aisle of vendors. Compared to other parts of the hall, this area was less crowded. There were still a few dozen people around, though.
"Pull your top open a little," Ethan casually told me.
"I can't. I'm already showing the maximum amount of my tits without my nipples peeking out," I reminded him. He watched me tape up my boobs for the fifteen minutes straight earlier. I figured he remembered that.
"I'm aware of that. Open up your shirt and expose your nipples. Keep them out till someone points it out to you. You can pretend it was an accident that they popped out."
"Are you kidding me? I'm not exposing my bare breast here," I whispered loudly, hoping people passing by couldn't hear.
"Either you expose them here while wearing that mask, or I let the world know that girl they are watching non-stop fuck all those people in those videos you made is you, Cindy. The deal is you have to keep them exposed until someone points it out to you."
I walked silently for a moment until it looked like no one was watching me, from the front, at least. I reached up and pulled my top open, exposing my tits. "This is the only time I'm doing this today," I whispered harshly.
"Holy shit, I can't believe you did that. How wet are you now," the teenager asked me. I kept silent, my eyes darting around, waiting for someone to notice me. A couple walked by, and both looked directly at my chest, commenting to each other but not pointing it out to me. A vendor at a booth was the next to notice and stared intently, but didn't inform me of my 'accident.' More and more people got eyes on my bare breasts, but still none commented to me. All I needed was one of them to point this out to me, and I could cover my tits back up.
Feeling desperate and very, very exposed, I approached a vendor's table and pretended to be very interested in their items. The guy stared at my chest, and I needed to repeat myself numerous times as he wasn't paying attention to what I was saying. I should have gone to a vendor booth run by a woman, I realized. After it became apparent he wasn't going to help me out by pointing out my nipples were out, I began to turn away to find someone else. "Wait, miss," he called out, raising my hopes. "Can I take a quick picture of you? Your cosplay is awesome."
Ethan spoke for me. "Absolutely! Cindy here loves getting her picture taken!" I stood there as the man captured probably two dozen images of my naked tits.
As he did so, I whispered to Ethan, standing just off to the side. "Say my real fucking name again, and I'll rip your dick off." Ethan laughed, but I think he understood me.
What happened next was predictable yet still humiliating. A line of men formed up to get their pictures of me in my awesome cosplay. But I knew what they met was with my awesome naked tits. Ethan also reminded everyone that they were free to grab my ass as well, which they did. Camera after camera captured images of my tits with men posing next to them. I was half expecting Ethan to offer everyone to feel up my tits as well, but that thankfully never came up. Finally, another hour passed, and the crowd moved on, satisfied they had enough pictures of my tits.
I put my face in my hands in anger. I hated having myself so exposed to so many of these assholes. All I needed was one person, anyone, to be kind enough to point out my tits were out. But apparently, this was a convention of perverts. "Excuse me, miss? Your tits are fully exposed. You might want to fix that," a man off to my side said. I looked up and saw my hero. It was a short older man with kind eyes. I ran to him and hugged him, which, due to his height, caused his face to be planted right into my naked breasts. Realizing this, I pulled away, apologizing, but he didn't seem to mind. I tucked my tits back in, loving the feeling of my nipples being covered again.
The time I spent allowing people to photograph my tits and with their hands on my ass had added up, and the convention hall was closing. I was mentally and physically exhausted and ready to be away from crowds for a while. Ethan got us checked into the hotel room. Once we were in the room, I collapsed on the bed. I could fall asleep right then and there. But I felt the hands of a teenager on my ass, and I knew my evening wasn't over yet. I turned around and found Ethan, fully naked, standing over me.
"Can you be quick? I'm really tired," I said, not wanting an evening full of fucking. Especially with him.
"I haven't masturbated in a week. I have a lot of cum to give you. We both know I won't last long once I start fucking you, but I can promise you I will recover quickly for many more rounds after that."
I sighed and knew I was going to end up getting fucked for the next two hours by this horny teenager. I pulled my costume off, exposing what little nudity was being covered. Spreading my legs for the high-school student, he climbed on me, positioned his cock, and entered me. For a brief moment, I wondered if this was his first time having sex, but I quickly remembered he lost his virginity to me back in Teddy's basement. It had gotten to the point where I couldn't even keep track of who I had already fucked.
Ethan went hard and deep. He was fucking me like a guy who had no interest in how I felt. He wanted to cum as fast as possible. The majority of the time, he didn't even look at me, instead staring at my tits bounce. Within about two minutes, he came in me, leaving me wanting. Not that I was wanting to cum by his dick anyway.
"Get on all fours and stick your ass out," Ethan commanded me. Those were the first words he had spoken to me since we started having sex. I might as well have been a sex doll to him. I was simply a hole for him to stick his dick in. Ethan proceeded to fuck me three times that night, barely speaking to me at all. After unloading his cum into my pussy the third time, he snuggled up against me as I lay naked on the bed. He fell asleep quickly while I lay awake for some time, his cum resting in my womb.
Despite my immense sexual experiences, this was going to be the first time I actually slept with a guy in a bed. Ethan remained fully naked while he slept. I could still feel his cock leaking the last of his cum onto my hips. He held me tight as if he hadn't been treating me as a sex toy for the past hour. Laying here with him felt oddly intimate. But after Ethan had me expose my tits to a hall full of thousands of people, I was not feeling particularly fond of him. I finally fell asleep, pondering what humiliation he had in store for me tomorrow.
I woke up the next morning to find Ethan already up and about. As sleep left my eyes, panic entered my mind. I had been laying here all night, uncovered, with dry cum spilled out from my pussy. Ethan could have snapped hundreds of photos of me that he could show to anyone or blackmail me in the future. I was about to ask him to see his phone when he threw a bag at me. "That's your costume for today. Put it on, the second day of the convention starts soon."
The costume consisted of a very short skirt with a matching thong. I put those on first and examined myself in the mirror. From behind, the bottom of my ass was clearly visible, while from the front, the skirt would just cover my thong. Any slight bend of my body would give anyone watching a flash of my crotch. The top gave me an initial scare as it was rather sheer. However, a white bra was also provided. The bra was pretty visible through the shirt, but compared to the amount of skin I was showing on my bottom half, I wasn't that concerned.
Finally, I was given a domino mask and told to put my hair into pigtails. "This doesn't cover enough of my face. I need a bigger mask," I complained to Ethan, who was anxious about getting going.
"Nope. That's the costume. Anything else, and you won't look like the character you are supposed to represent," Ethan dismissively said back. I'm sure his primary concern today is staying true to the character design and not showing off the hot college girl accompanying you. I had insisted the costumes I wore had masks, which Ethan had technically provided. I had no recourse.
Just as we did yesterday, we headed towards the main hall, where the crowd looked bigger than the previous day's. I felt eyes staring at me, and soon, the picture request started coming in. As I posed next to a line full of men, I appreciated that this costume was a lot better than yesterday's in terms of how revealing it was. I wasn't showing any cleavage, and while yesterday my ass was fully exposed, today I had a skirt covering at least a portion of it. Ethan hadn't started telling people they could grope my ass, either.
After we worked through the men outside the hall who wanted pictures, we finally entered the hall and walked around. I would frequently get additional picture requests, but overall, it felt like a very normal experience. I relaxed and started enjoying myself a bit, but Ethan put a stop to that.
"The next guy who asks you for a picture, offer your panties to him," he whispered to me.
"Absolutely not. This skirt will barely cover my pussy," I whispered harshly back.
"Worst case, we get kicked out. Then we will be done early. You agreed to wear what I asked, remember?" I stayed silent and went red in the face. Hundreds of people yesterday saw my nipples, and now it seemed it was my vagina's turn. At least if I was careful, I could keep myself covered with the skirt. But this first part was going to be embarrassing.
It didn't take long for my next picture request. "Hi. I like your costume. Can I get a picture with you?"
"Of course. My friend here can take the picture...," I trailed off, looking at Ethan, who didn't move from where he stood. He was telling me I needed to do this now. I took a deep breath and faced the guy who had just approached me. "Before the picture would... you like... to have my...panties?" The poor guy's face twisted between confusion, surprise, and lust.
"You're handing out your panties to people? Where are you holding them, like in a bag or something? Did you actually wear them previously?" The guy peaked around me, looking for where I was holding them.
"No, you misunderstand. This is embarrassing for me, and don't draw attention to it, but I'm offering you the panties I'm wearing right now," I explained.
"Oh fuck, you're going to go change your panties in the bathroom and give me those? Wow, that's awesome." This was proving much harder than I thought.
"Again, no. I'm offering to take them off right here and hand them to you."
The guy stared at my crotch and trembled in his response. "But... then you will be without any coverings under your skirt?"
"That's right, and you don't need to draw attention to that. Do you want them or not?"
The guy nodded, and I led him to a slightly more secluded area of the hall, but there were still dozens of people around us. I stood there for a minute, waiting for a time when I thought fewer people would notice. Once I thought it was as good as it was going to get, I reached under my skirt and pulled my thong down as fast as possible. They hit the ground, and I reached down and grabbed them, realizing anyone behind me got a full view of my naked ass. I shot up and didn't even want to look behind me to see if anyone had noticed. My heart was thumping hard, and I put the thong in the guy's hands. "You don't need to tell anyone about what happened today, okay?"
"Sure, but why did you do this for me?"
"Because... look, you don't need to know why. Do you want this picture or not?" Ethan held the camera up and started snapping pictures for the guy. I stood there very carefully so as not to risk raising my skirt and exposing my pussy. It would be a long day keeping my babymaker out of view of everyone.
The guy thanked me again and moved on. Ethan smiled at me. "I hoped you enjoyed that asshole. Can we move on, please," I complained. I think I lucked out as no one immediately approached me after I removed my thong. It seemed no one else noticed or at least was keeping it to themselves.
A few minutes later, I was asked for another picture. I stood next to him, making sure my skirt stayed down. Before Ethan took the photo, though, he made a suggestion. "Hey, wouldn't you like it if she posed with her arms stretching above her head, like she does in the anime?"
"Yeah, that's a good idea. Can you do that, miss," the guy enthusiastically agreed.
"But I...," I said before Ethan interrupted.
"She's done the pose for a lot of people earlier. I don't see why she couldn't do it for you. Remember, the pose goes like this." Ethan stretched his arms well above his head. I knew what he was doing, but I didn't see a way to avoid this without causing a scene. I slowly started lifting my arms up, and as I suspected, my skirt raised with it. By the time my arms were entirely above my head, I was sure my pussy was fully on display. Ethan snapped some pictures, and the man thanked me and went on his way. When he goes back and looks at those pictures, he will find something very unexpected. That being my pussy on full display for him.
This was now the game for Ethan. Everyone who asked for a picture had me raise my arms and expose myself. I was filling the phones of these men with unexpected images of my vagina. As the day progressed, I wondered if some of the guys had taken a look back at the photos and spread the word about what I was doing. It seemed I was getting more picture requests than ever. I hoped to get kicked out of the convention and end this embarrassment, but it never happened.
When we reached a lull in picture requests, Ethan decided to press things further. "Go into the bathroom and take off your bra. You won't need it for the rest of the convention." I stopped in my tracks and thought about how to respond. I knew I couldn't avoid this request, but at least I could get clarity on it.
"And as soon as someone points out that they can see my nipples, I can put it back on, right," I asked, assuming this was the same game as yesterday.
"Nope. You are keeping it off. The shirt isn't that sheer," he replied. That was an understatement. While I agree it isn't entirely sheer, I was pretty sure my nipples would be clearly visible through it. Ethan added additional stipulations to my change in wardrobe. "In fact, if someone says to you they can see your nipples, you are to suggest they take a picture with you immediately. Oh, and offer that they put their hands on your ass. Obviously, you will continue to pose with your arms in the air as well."
There were only a few more hours of the convention. I slowly walked to the nearest bathroom and found an empty stall. I managed to get my bra off under the top and pulled it out. Exiting the stall while holding the bra, I examined myself in the mirror. My suspicions were accurate. Without the bra, my nipples were visible through the fabric. The color, size, everything could be seen. It was maybe a step above just wearing nothing.
A woman at the sink next to me commented. "Oh, honey. You really should put that bra back on. I can very easily see your nipples through that top." I sighed. Ethan wasn't around, so I wasn't about to offer to take a picture with this random woman. Oh, and also offer her to grope my ass.
"Thanks for the heads up, but that's the idea," I replied, throwing my bra into the waste bin. I headed out of the restroom for day two of hundreds of men seeing my breasts live. Ethan was waiting for me outside, and it wasn't ten feet later that I got my first comment.
"Oh shit, you can totally see that girl's tits." Where was this guy yesterday? Ethan gave me a poke, and I approached the man. I smiled and said,
"How about you take a picture with me?" I could feel Ethan's gaze pressing me to finish the offer. "I'll even let you put your hands on my ass while we take it." The guy didn't put up any resistance, and soon I was exposing my pussy while Ethan took a picture of me with this guy getting a hand full of my booty.
This opened up the floodgates as every guy in view of us wanted their own turn taking pictures with the nearly topless girl who lets you touch her ass. The fact that I was also exposing my pussy was also no longer a secret as everyone watching me pose for pictures was getting an eye full of my vagina. "So I can grab your ass for the picture," the next guy asked.
"No, sorry," I responded. The deal with Ethan was that I only had to do that if they commented on my nipples.
"Tell her you can see her nipples, then she'll let you," Ethan commented. Asshole, I thought, but nothing I could do about it. He did just that, and another man learned how my ass felt in his hands.
I must have spent the next two hours in that same spot, working through an endless line of men. I swear some of them were going through the line two or three times. Finally, after feeling hundreds of hands on my butt and ensuring every phone in the hall had images of my nearly nude body, an announcement was made that the convention was closing. I rushed out, eager to return to the hotel room where I could be free of hands and eyes on my body. Well, minus Ethan, of course.
Ethan grabbed my hand before I could get too far. "When you get back to the room, take off your shirt but leave the mask and skirt on. Understood?" I rolled my eyes and nodded. After watching me prance around like a slut all day, Ethan was ready to fuck, it seemed. I started walking away before he yelled out one last thing. "I'll be there in about ten minutes or so!" I wasn't sure what he was doing, but I was determined to escape these crowds.
After a crowded and awkward elevator ride, I finally returned to the room. I collapsed on the bed and let myself finally relax. I probably had more experience than most girls my age (or even ten years older) exposing my body to people, but it was still a very shameful experience for me. Remembering my instructions, I took off my shirt but left the mask and skirt on. Not sure what the point of the mask was when Ethan already knew who I was, but maybe it was a fetish thing or something.
Laying on the bed topless with my pussy exposed under my skirt, I heard the hotel door open. "What the hell were you doing," I replied as I lay there. I heard no reply and sat up on the bed. Instead of Ethan, I was met with the sight of five men I didn't recognize. I quickly covered my breast and yelled out. "Wrong fucking room assholes. Get the fuck out!" But they didn't move and just stared at my body.
Before I could yell again, Ethan emerged from behind them. "What the fuck Ethan. Who the hell are these guys? Get them out of here," I told him.
But Ethan made no such move. "Here she is, boys, like I promised. And believe me, she is fully down to fuck. No condoms needed." I stood up on the bed, forgetting I was probably giving them a good view of my pussy.
"No, I am not. I am not some whore for Ethan to pass around."
Ethan looked disappointed. "I'm sorry, guys. I guess I was mistaken. But at least let me tell you more about my friend Cindy here..." he said to the five guys. His threat was clear.
"Wait...," I said before he could say anything more. "If you guys are looking to fuck, I'm your girl. But the mask stays on, and no phones." The guys agreed, put their phones in the corner of the room, and began to undress. I prepared to get fuck by these six guys. It wasn't my largest orgy, which is a sad fact about me.
None of them introduced themselves nor asked anything about me. One of them instructed me to lay on my back, but others argued to fuck me from behind so I could suck one of them off at the same time. They agreed to this, and I followed their instructions without question. I got on my hands and knees and stuck my ass out. My exposed pussy was quickly filled with one of their dicks, and the orgy had begun. A second stranger introduced his dick to my mouth, and once again, I was being double penetrated by two dicks. I wasn't happy to be in this position again, but my body meanwhile wasn't hating this. Despite being ashamed of how much I showed off my body today, I couldn't deny the erotic nature of it. I'm not an exhibitionist, but having so many men enjoy the sight of my body wasn't the worst feeling. I wasn't going to admit that it turned me on, but it didn't feel bad having sex after the events of today.
As I was in the middle of pondering the nature of the feelings I felt today, my sexual partner unleashed his cum into my pussy. A third man declared it was his turn, but the man whose dick my lips were wrapped around insisted he take his place. A brief argument ensued, but the man pulled his dick out of my mouth and moved around me without waiting for any agreement to be made. He then became my second sexual partner of the night. I was beginning to feel an unmistakable arousal build in me. I was thankful when a third man lined up to get his dick sucked. The dick acted as a muffler for the moans I was beginning to give off. I had enough experience to know that even if these guys only lasted a minute or two each in me, I was on track to cum. Why the fuck was I getting off on this?
Was it the excitement of showing off my nudity today? I was thinking about how, right now, tons of men are back in their rooms, jacking off their dicks to the pictures they got of me? Or was it that these strangers were passing me around like a sex object? I didn't know, but something was doing it for me. I received my second cream pie of the night, which gave me a brief break from my pussy getting slammed. The man I was currently blowing declared my mouth was heaven to him, and thus, someone else could be the third to fuck me. Within seconds that third someone was in me, and the movement of his dick inside me brought me closer to an orgasm by the second.
It felt like I had an itch building up inside me, and this man's dick was getting closer and closer to reaching it. My mind started being filled with crazy images of me exposing myself at the con. In fact, in my head, I thought about going even further and fucking the man who took my panties right there on the floor of the convention while everyone watched. The dick in my mouth filled my mouth with cum and withdrew, but I was too close to cumming to worry about swallowing. Instead, my itch was finally revealed, and I yelled out with my cum filled mouth as I pushed the dick deep into me. God, I needed this today. I felt him empty his balls into me.
I felt cum dripping out of my mouth, and I came to. I was alone on the bed now as the six guys watched me recover from my orgasm. I swallowed the cum in my mouth and wiped the jizz off of my lips. Ethan was smiling big in the corner of the room and had to comment. "I wish you would have let me record that, Cindy."
"Stop fucking calling me that asshole. Are we done fucking now? Can these guys leave?" I knew that was never going to happen. Ethan and the fifth stranger hadn't even had a single turn with me. Additionally, my embarrassing display seemed to have caused at least one of my previous partners to already get another hard-on.
With four of them at least briefly sexually satisfied, I proceeded to fuck the fifth guy one on one with him on top of me, followed by Ethan. Over the next two hours, the guys fucked me constantly. It wasn't continuous, as often ten to fifteen minutes would go by without a single dick in me. But just as I was sure they were spent, one of them would present me with a fresh erection. But finally, with my pussy squirting out cum whenever I moved, the orgy was over. I lay on the bed, assuming the men would soon leave. But they didn't. Instead, three of them climbed into bed with me. One of them on either side and the third hugging my lower half. The other men found various areas around the hotel to sleep. I had spent my first night sleeping with a man last night. Tonight, I would sleep with three guys in the same bed. I didn't like this trend.
Sleep eventually found me despite having three naked dicks pressed up against me that night. In the morning, I again woke to find Ethan already up and about. The other five men were already gone. I felt around my face and came to a terrifying realization. My mask was gone. I looked around the room in a panic and saw it lying on the floor next to the bed. "When did my mask come off," I asked Ethan in a panic.
"I don't know, I think around when you came maybe?" He didn't seem all that concerned. I thought back and realized that was very possible. I don't remember feeling it on my face for most of the night. I felt so stupid. I let myself get caught up in all of the fucking that I let my face get exposed.
"Those guys saw my face. You have to tell me who they are. I need to make sure they don't tell anyone," I pleaded.
"I have no idea who those guys are. I just found five guys randomly who wanted to fuck you. They have no idea who you are either, relax," Ethan said as he continued packing. Those weren't even friends of his I realized. Ethan just wanted to humiliate me by having me fuck strangers, just like he wanted me to be exposed to them. That didn't feel good, but he was right that these guys would not know who I was.
"They didn't take any pictures of me while I was asleep, did they?"
"I have no idea. Get dressed, check out is soon and I want to get back." That had me worried. I'm sure my exposure at Comic-Con this weekend will generate a lot of buzz online. If one of those guys posted pictures of me laying in bed without a mask, soaking in their cum, a connection back to me could be made. I saw no actions I could take to prevent this from happening.
Ethan and I left the hotel and drove back. I indicated I had no interest in talking other than hearing him confirm that I met all obligations to him and he would keep up his end of the bargain, which he agreed with. We arrived back home, and I knew I had completed one of the six sexual favors I owed these perverts.
My next favor was with Sam. Thankfully, his wouldn't take my whole weekend up but rather a single evening. I had agreed to suck cocks anonymously via a glory hole in order to raise money for a charity that Sam was passionate about. I was taken aback by the selflessness of Sam using his sexual favor for the betterment of others. If only it didn't involve me with an untold number of dicks cumming into my mouth. The night before, Sam explained the setup to me over the phone. I would be in a small room alone with a hole in one wall. People would pay money to Sam, and they would stick their dick through the hole where I would blow them to completion. I would service as many people as possible in two hours, at which point my favor to Sam would be completed.
I would be alone in the room, so there was no need to conceal my face with a mask or anything. That made me nervous, and I was tempted to insist on wearing one. However, that might only draw more attention to me before I entered the room with the glory hole. I agreed to it and was given the time and place to show up.
The next evening, I arrived and was met outside by Sam. "Thanks for doing this. We are expecting to raise a lot of money from this. Before we head in, I wanted to introduce you to our organization's head, Mr. Burk." Before I could object, an older gentleman was standing in front of me, holding his hand out.
"Good evening! You must be Cindy. I wanted to personally thank you for agreeing to this. Our last bake sale netted us so little money. I'm hoping people like blow jobs more than homemade cookies."
I shook his hand. "Sam was supposed to keep my identity to himself for this. I'm not happy that you know my name and have seen my face," I responded coldly.
"I insisted to Sam I meet you before I agreed to this. Although I will admit I partly wanted to put a face and body to the mouth, and you do not disappoint. I promise you no one else besides us know who will be sucking everyone's dicks," Mr. Burk said, eyeing my tits the entire time. He seemed to be making it clear that one of the dicks I would soon find in my mouth would be his. A fact I didn't need to know.
"Fine, but if that proves not to be the case, I will rain hell on your organization," I replied with a threat that I had no idea how or if I could execute. "What kind of charity are you where you are okay with a girl selling her body to raise funds for anyhow?"
Sam replied to my question. "We provide support to single mothers in the community."
Mr. Burk added further. "Sam mentioned that you were willing to have unprotected sex with men to raise money, but given our organization's goals, we thought that might not send the best message. Instead, we opted for you to give BJs." I had never indicated to Sam I was willing to prostitute myself, but in truth, I could have been talked into it. It's not like I haven't already done it before.
"Fine. Show me to my room, and let's get this over with," I replied, walking towards the building.
"Of course, it's only a short walk. I know you young women are always eager to start sucking cock," Mr. Burk said, leading the way. I didn't correct him on my 'eagerness' as I doubt he could be persuaded to think otherwise.
The path to the glory hole room was clear of people as promised. I entered the room and was told things would kick off in about five minutes, at which time my two-hour window would start. They left, and I was alone in the dimly lit room. Thinking ahead, I elected to take my shirt off. I've given enough blowjobs to know things can get messy, especially when servicing multiple men. Looking at my bra, I realized this was my favorite one, so I elected to take it off too. The absolute worst case was Mr. Burk walked in and saw me with my tits out. Considering I would soon have his cum traveling down my throat, I thought this wasn't that bad of a possibility.
Without warning, a giant cock soon appeared in the hole. I knew what would be occurring, but the appearance of such a sight was still jarring. It was also very odd only seeing a man's cock, without any other part of him visible. The cock appeared almost angry. But I knew what I had to do and got on my knees. I realized I should have requested a pillow but it was too late for that. I took the dick into my mouth and started rubbing my lips up and down the shaft. I simultaneously used my hand to stroke the shaft as well. My hands could take on some of the work as I knew my mouth would be very tired by the end of this. I could trade off between my two hands but only had a single mouth.
Two minutes in, and I tasted my first mouth full of cum. That made me realize the second thing I overlooked. I should have requested something to spit the cum into. Now, with no other option, I would have to swallow this man's and all future men's cum. The sexually satisfied dick pulled out of the hole, and almost immediately, a new dick took its place. I was not going to be given a moment's rest between blow jobs, I realized. I took this second dick into my mouth and switched hands, stroking it with my left hand this time.
Each cock in my mouth lasted between 2 to 4 minutes, from my best estimation. At the one-hour mark, I had finished off over twenty dicks, and it was taking a toll on me physically. Even though I was trading off my hands, my arm muscles were starting to burn. The worst, though, was my mouth and neck. They ached and sometimes even spasmed due to fatigue. I was only halfway done. How was I going to make it another hour? I began to kid myself that maybe the line was nearing its end, but I knew they probably had more people waiting for me to taste their cum than could fit within the time slot.
I labored on, trying to slow my pace down, but the dicks kept cumming in my mouth at the same rate. With half an hour still left, I had my thirtieth man fill my mouth with his sperm. At this point, I had let a lot of cum spill out of my mouth, and my face and tits were now covered in ejaculation. The next cock that came in, I stared at with a loathing look. I couldn't handle another cock in my mouth. But if I didn't fulfill the two hours I promised Sam, he would likely make me pay for it with something worse. With no other options I did the only thing I could think to do.
I pulled off my pants and panties and stood fully naked in the room. I bent over and positioned the cock at the opening of my pussy and then pushed in. Could these men tell the difference between my mouth and my pussy? I hoped not, or if they could, would they complain? But what I did know was it felt perfect giving my hands and mouth a break. My legs and hips were fresh and very able to work this cock. Within a minute, whoever was on the other side of the hole emptied his balls into me. He pulled out, and I stood up, waiting for the next cock to come into view, which did not take long to occur.
Over the last 30 minutes, I was able to get an additional fifteen men to cum using my pussy. I didn't know how much these guys were paying, but it felt good knowing I had probably raised a lot of money to help these young mothers. I was humping my hips on the last cock I was going to service today when the door opened. I quickly pushed away from the cock just as it exploded cum out of its tip. Mr. Burk and Sam walked in to see me fully naked with my tits covered in cum but, most embarrassingly cum leaking out of my pussy. Mr. Burk looked horrified.
"What have you done? You were supposed to suck the cocks, not fuck them with your pussy," Mr. Burk yelled.
"I was! I promise! You see my tits! They are covered in cum from all the blow jobs I was giving," I said. I realized I was showing off my body to this old man for no reason. I quickly grabbed my panties and started to get dressed. "But... my mouth got very tired. So I may have finished off the last few with my pussy..."
"How many? How many men came inside your pussy Cindy? Tell me the truth," the old man demanded as he stared at my cum covered tits.
"Maybe fifteen," I admitted.
Mr Burk's hands went to his head in disbelief. "We are an organization trying to help young, unmarried mothers. And now, thanks to our own fundraiser, we created another new single mother!" In my panic, I elected to put my pants on next, leaving my tits remained fully exposed.
"No, Mr. Burk. I can promise you I'm on birth control. No one got me pregnant today."
"Oh, that's what all of these sluts say, but then a month later, they are at your door with a positive test. You will be no different. That's why I try to only fuck young women that are already knocked up. Like you will be soon."
"Again, Mr. Burk, I'm not going to get pregnant," I pleaded, but Mr. Burk wasn't listening.
"Still, I do look forward to fucking you again when you do reach out to us for help with your pregnancy," the man said, revealing he was one of the guys who cream-pied me today.
I got my bra on and looked at Sam. "I did my part, right? I raised the money and fulfilled the favor I owed you."
"Yeah, I guess you did. I figured since you were pregnant once before, you wouldn't risk getting pregnant again with a stunt like this, though," Sam said accusingly.
"At the sleepover, you came inside me yourself like three times," I yelled. I realized I was giving Mr. Burk way more information than I should. "I'm going to go now. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to help out the community. I mean, not that I wanted to suck and fuck all of these people, I just wanted to help single mothers." With that last awkward comment, I left and was one-third the way done with my favors.
The next day, Gordon called me to confirm the details of the sexual favor I owed him. Gordon wants me to fuck him at an upcoming high-school party. But in front of everyone in attendance. Obviously, for this, I insisted I hide my identity. I couldn't risk wearing my bunny mask as I'm sure someone would report my presence to the police. Instead, I acquired another mask that covered everything on my face except my mouth. I also bought a blue wig to hide my hair as well. The mask, wig, and nondescript dress I got hid my identity very well. I drove my car to Gordon's house, and from there, he drove us to the party.
The party was crowded. Music was blaring, and everyone had a drink in their hand. Gordon started us off by just walking around the party and mingling with people. As we did so, I began to see familiar faces. Not faces I knew the names of, but they looked familiar. I was sure a lot of these guys had fucked me at some previous orgy, but I wasn't about to inquire with them where it happened. I stood by as Goron bragged to a couple of guys how much fucking we do. I then saw a face that made me gasp.
Shawn was at the party, and my former best friend Ashley was there with him. I hadn't seen her in a while, and I could tell her pregnancy was starting to show. She was a ridiculously small dress, and it looked like her tits could pop out at any time, even as small as they were. I worried they would recognize me somehow, especially if they heard me speak. I needed to make sure to stay away from them.
Luckily, with the crowd, it proved not to be too difficult to avoid them. However, I kept them in my sights. It helped that Gordon appeared to not even know Shawn despite them attending the same school and being in the same class. In one embarrassing display, I witnessed Shawn telling Ashley something and then her shyly pulling out her tits, to the delight of the two guys they were talking to. What a dumb slut, I thought. "Cindy," Gordon whispered to me, "it's time for us to have sex on the couch in front of everyone."
"Fine," I replied, following him.
As we walked over, I felt my mask and wig, ensuring they were secure. "We'll start with making out, then I'll get you naked, and we'll fuck. Remember to play up how much pleasure I am giving you," Gordon instructed. The couch was in the living room of the house we were in, which was the middle of the party. Gordon found a couple of girls already occupying it and shooed them away. We sat together, and he proceeded to put his tongue down my throat and grope my ass. He continued this for a while, but no one paid us much attention. I continued to be distracted by Shawn and Ashley's presence. They were not in my current view, and I couldn't turn my head much while making out with Gordon. I prayed that maybe they had left.
If they remained and watched me get naked, could they recognize me from my body? I've been naked with both of them extensively. But I couldn't worry about that now. Gordon grabbed hold of my dress's straps and slipped my dress down, revealing my bra. That started getting us some attention, and I could hear nearby partygoers pointing me out to their friends, curious how far Gordon and I would take things. I lifted my butt, and he pulled my dress down my legs and threw it to the edge of the couch. With me now in my underwear everyone in sight of me was now watching.
Gordon and I kept making out, but he didn't slow things down. His hands reached behind my back, and after twenty or so seconds, he finally managed to get my bra off. I felt it slide down my breast until my nipples were free. With my tits now fully exposed, it became clear to everyone this was the real deal. People crowded the couch I sat topless on, and more people entered the living room to watch me. Gordon then started playing with my boobs, in particular my nipples. He whispered, "Remember, you need to vocalize how awesome I am at this." I glanced around the room quickly but didn't see Shawn, Ashley, or anyone else who might recognize me by my voice. Still, I started to regret agreeing to this. It seemed like a very dumb risk.
"Oh, Gordon. Your hands feel amazing. I need you now," I said while moaning. I was trying to alter my voice, but I wasn't sure how effective I was being.
"You horny slut. You find sex with me so irresistible that you are willing to get naked in front of all of these people, aren't you," Gordon declared.
I sighed as I knew he would take this too far. "Yep. So horny for you, I don't care that all of these men will see my vagina," I replied in a bit of a non-genuine tone.
I felt his hands on my hips, and my panties started sliding down, and soon I was fully naked. That prompted some cheers from the crowd around us. All I agreed to do was get fucked by Gordon once at this party. Thus, foreplay accomplished nothing except give all of these people more time to see my naked body. I disengaged from Gordon's lips and worked on getting his pants off. "Someone is eager to get to my dick, I see," he replied. I got the pants off and simultaneously took his boxers off as well, leaving me to face-to 'face' with his erect cock.
"Suck his dick," a girl yelled out, which numerous other people then yelled out as well.
"Can't disappoint the people, can we," Gordon said, looking at me. I hadn't agreed to a blow job, but I wasn't in a position to argue. I bent over and took his cock into my mouth, which resulted in a thunderous cheer. My ass stuck out into the air giving anyone behind me a magnificent view of my pussy. As my lips ran up and down Gordon's dick, I could hear people moving around behind me to get their own view of my exposed womanhood.
As I continued to suck dick out of the corner of my eye, I saw a phone getting in close to record me blowing Gordon. I looked up and saw dozens of other phones out. I'm sure I was simultaneously being recorded from every angle going to town on this dick. Soon, when we started fucking, it would be no different. Again, I realized how dumb I was in allowing myself to be in this situation. Even if no one here knew it was me, the videos would spread everywhere and my voice would be recognized. I had to make sure I altered my voice as much as possible.
"That's enough, time for you to hop on my dick," Gordon announced. As I removed the cock from my mouth, he whispered a reminder to me. "Don't forget to cum. I need everyone here to think I made you orgasm." Yeah, yeah, I thought. The whole point of this was to get other girls to believe you are a sex god or some other bullshit. Gordon lay on the couch, and I mounted him. I grabbed hold of his dick and positioned it over my pussy. Slowly lowering myself, he entered me, and we were officially having sex in front of maybe a hundred other high school seniors.
"Oh my god, that feels so amazing. I don't think I'll last long till I cum," I said as I began humping up and down on him. I didn't know how long Gordon was going to last, so I assumed I needed to 'cum' fast. With me now on top, I had the clearest view of the room yet. As I suspected, I had uncountable phones recording me. My mask and wig were the only thing preventing the whole community from knowing that me, Cindy, was fucking an 18-year-old high school student at a party.
I noticed I was exceptionally wet. I didn't appreciate that until Gordon started fucking me, but there was no denying it. The result was his cock slid very nicely inside me and was hitting some pleasurable areas. It helped that I was on top of him, and I found myself directing my humps to assist in his dick rubbing against these sensitive areas. Before long, my pretend moans were replaced by genuine moans from me. What the fuck was I doing? Without thinking, I had been actively getting myself closer to a real orgasm. Cumming in front of a hundred teenagers was not something I need to do today or ever. But I worried I was past the point of preventing that.
I leaned down and kissed Gordon, but I really wanted to get close to him to ask a question. "How close are you to coming?" I asked him quietly.
"Oh, you got plenty of time left, don't worry," he whispered back. That's not what I wanted to hear. I pushed myself back upright, which had the effect of me accidentally letting his dick even deeper in me. I momentarily gasped and lost my breath as this caused a sudden wave of pleasure to come over me. Gordon's hands, which were on my ass, gave a slight pinch. He was signaling that I needed to start humping him again as I was motionless there for a few moments, recovering.
I replied, "Oh? Sorry!" and resumed lifting my hips up and down.
"Oh fuck....," I quietly said. But not as quietly as I hoped.
"This bitch is getting off on fucking in front of people. We got a real porn star on our hands," a guy yelled. However, I didn't fully comprehend what he said. I was focused on humping the dick, which was giving me another small wave of pleasure, and it was building. I didn't give a shit anymore, so I started humping harder and tried to get his dick as deep in me as I could. I was moaning loudly, and my tits jiggled extensively. Finally, I arched my back and grabbed my tits, yelling as I finally reached orgasm. The crowd erupted in cheers, and I even felt a few hands slap my ass. I looked around and then back at Gordon.
"Keep humping me bitch, I'm still not done." I started working my hips again as I took stock of what happened. Gordon, I hoped, assumed I faked that orgasm and did not realize I just came from getting fucked by him in front of most of the senior high-school class. Phones hadn't missed a second of my 'performance' either. Another day, another viral hit of my naked body.
I also still didn't see Shawn or Ashley anyway, thus I assume they left before Gordon and I started. That was a small victory, at least. All I needed was for Gordon to cum, and I could get dressed and leave. But the bastard was exhibiting abnormal staying power tonight. I suddenly became aware of a girl standing beside me on the couch. I looked at her, and she said, "Hey, sexy. Can I get a little action from you also?"
She leaned in, kissed me, and put her hand on one of my breasts. I was initially too surprised to stop her, but after a few seconds, I pulled away and pushed her hand off of my tit. The crowd didn't like that and booed. At this point, I didn't care. All I needed was to get Gordon to cum.
"Come on bitch. Let the girl have some fun with you. There might be issues if you don't," Gordon said, making a vague threat. I looked at the young girl and pulled her back for a kiss. Getting groped by a random girl is a very minor thing to endure while you are fucking in front of a bunch of high schoolers. A few minutes went by of lesbian make out, during which time she explored my body with her hands extensively.
"You are probably stunning. Let's take off that mask so I can see," the girl told me while putting her hands on my mask. I quickly grabbed her hands and pulled them off of it.
"Not going to happen bitch," I said harsher than I meant to say. I looked down at Gordon. "Will you cum in me already?"
"I'm close, just keep humping me. Seeing you two kiss is helping a lot," he said, smiling.
I turned back toward the strange girl. "We can kiss. I'll even let you touch me wherever you want, but the mask stays on," I said, leaning back towards her.
But her hands stopped my face. "What are you hiding? You've shown us everything else. Why not show us your face also?"
The crowd was in agreement with her and started chanting, "Take the mask off! Take the mask off!" This was getting bad. If I left before Gordon came, everything I did today would be for nothing, and I would still owe him a sexual favor. The crowd seemed to be squeezing in towards me. Anytime now, they would get their way and reveal that it was me, Cindy, fucking a high-school boy in front of them.
But it was right then that I felt the sensation of cum entering my pussy, and I looked down at Gordon. The guy finally came. It was yet another instance where a teenager cumming inside me was a very happy occurrence. I lifted myself off of him and got ready to leave. But my lesbian make-out partner wasn't through. "Take off your mask, and we can have lesbian sex in front of everyone here. Don't act like you don't want to," she told me aggressively.
"I've had enough fun for one night, thank you," I replied. I swore I threw my underwear and dress on the edge of the couch, but they weren't there.
A second girl came up to me and put her hands on my mask. "Don't be a prude, take it off." I pushed her away and looked around, panicked, for my clothes.
Suddenly, I felt a hard tug on my wig from behind me. Luckily, the wig held on my head. I pushed whoever it was away. My time here was up, and my clothes were nowhere to be found. With no other options, I made a break for the front door, keeping a firm grasp on my mask and wig. I managed to push through the crowd, feeling some pulls on my wig and mask, but my grip kept them on me. Finally, I burst out the front door, picked a direction, and ran. I was fully naked and running through a suburban neighborhood. I wasn't sure where I was, and my ride was probably still lying on that couch where we fucked. A number of partygoers were hanging out on the street and were very excited to see me run by naked. I could also hear yells coming from back at the house. Likely, some of them were in pursuit of me.
The roads were well-lit, and I knew I needed to get off of them. I turned right onto another suburban road. It was then that I noticed my wig had fallen off about ten feet back, but I made the choice to leave it. Nobody was immediately behind me, but I was sure in a bit, some were going to round that corner and continue the chase. I came upon a dark portion of a yard with a house with no lights on. I turned into it and hid behind a dirt pile in the backyard. I caught my breath and waited. Sure enough, I watched as maybe two dozen people ran by the house along the route I was just running. Even a few cars full of people drove by, yelling for me. But none came looking for me in the yard I was hiding in.
I knew I had to hold tight for a while. They wouldn't keep looking for me forever. But eventually, I needed to get back to my car, but that was a ten-minute drive away. Even at night, how long can a naked girl walk around well-lit neighborhoods before she is recognized? After about five minutes, I witnessed all my pursuers walk past me and back towards the party. I waited another ten minutes before daring to move. During that time, I worked on readjusting my mask, but with a sudden snap, one of the straps broke off. I tried my best to fix it but the only way the mask could stay on was if I held it in place with my hands, which I did for now.
I edged towards the front yard, making myself ready to run if anyone were to find me. Going as far as I could while staying out of the street light, I surveyed the area. No one was around. Knowing the general direction I needed to head, I dashed across the street to the opposite yard. I found another dark area and froze, watching for any sign I was seen. When I was confident no one had seen me, I proceeded to the backyard. A rather tall fence separated their yard from the next house's. Holding my mask in my hand, I climbed up it, which proved difficult. I was naked and had no desire to get splinters in my crotch. I managed to get my feet on top of the fence and swung my body over it, landing in the next yard. In the process of doing this, though, I dropped the mask, leaving it in the previous yard I was in.
Do I climb this fence again and get it, or risk leaving it? I felt like I was barely able to manage to get over the fence once, let alone two more times. My hair was already exposed anyway. I left it and continued on. I waited behind a tree in the front yard and started to despair at my situation. My naked ass was starting to get cold, and I had spent what felt like ten minutes traveling 100 feet with several miles to go. It was luck that I hadn't been seen yet. I needed a new plan.
This wasn't the first time in my life I was in a situation like this. After escaping from the cops when they broke up an orgy Shawn had put together, I managed to convince a group of black guys to give me a ride. That ride was paid for by me getting fucked and filmed all night, but it worked. The difference now is I no longer have a mask, and I wasn't in my own neighborhood then, either. A car then drove by, and I hid. However, that seemed to be a sign that my best bet was to take a chance to get a ride.
As cars drove by, I could vaguely see who was in the car. I couldn't tell who they were exactly, but I could see that they were adults or teenagers and how many were in the car. I watched the next car go by and thought it looked like two teenage boys were in it. Not what I was looking for. However, the next vehicle seemed to have two adults in it. A man and a woman. I took a deep breath. I prayed that they were strangers who were very open and understanding individuals.
I stood up and ran out to them, reaching the road in front of them just in time for them to stop. "Excuse me! I'm sorry, but as you can see, I'm in a bad situation. Can I please get a ride? I promise I'm not in any trouble with the law." The car headlights prevented me from seeing who was in the car, but I'm sure whoever was in there was getting a great, well-lit view of my tits and pussy. If they waited any longer, I was going to run as I worried they were getting their phones out to record me naked, in the road, with nothing hiding my identity. But to my relief, the rear passenger door opened, and I ran to get it.
I got in and closed the door, feeling much safer. "Thank you so much for this. I made some bad decisions tonight and got myself into this situation. I don't have far to go, I promise."
An adult male voice in the driver's seat responded. "That is you, isn't it Cindy?" I rubbed my eyes to try and get them to adjust to the darkness in the car after having the headlights blind me previously. My mind raced to try and recognize the voice. I leaned forward and got a clear view of who it was. In the front sat Mr. and Mrs. Grims, friends of my parents for as long as I could remember.
"Oh shit," I said. "You cannot tell my parents. Please!"
Mr. Grims turned to face me. I covered my tits in response. "Cindy, we just found our good friend's daughter naked outside at night. That's not something we can keep from them. I'm sorry." I cross my legs, hoping my nudity was fully covered.
"I promise it's nothing they need to worry about. I just made a bad decision, and that's it. It won't happen again. Please, let's keep this between us," I pleaded.
"I'm sorry, there's no way we can keep this from your parents," he responded solemnly.
I took a deep breath. Trying to explain why I was naked outside like this would be impossible. They would connect me with the stories and videos coming from the party, for sure. With that in mind, I decided to go all in. I moved my hands away from my breast and opened my legs back up. "Okay. If you keep this all a secret, I'm all yours for the entire night until dawn. You both can fuck me any way you want. I'll be enthusiastic about it as well. My body will be your sex toy." The car was silent. It was a long shot that a married couple would agree to keep quiet in exchange for a night fucking their long-time friend's college-age daughter, but I had no other options.
Mrs. Grims looked over at her husband. To this point, she had been silent. "Take us home, Jim. Our evening just got a lot more interesting." The couple smiled at each other and started driving. I felt a wave of relief but dread at the same time. I had spent a lot of time with the Grims. My view of them and theirs of me was about to change radically. It was a short car ride until we arrived at their house. Entering their home, they ordered me to take a quick shower as I was muddy from my backyard nude adventures. I did so and then met them in their bedroom.
The sight I saw gave me a preview of my night. Mr. Grim lay on their bed, fully naked, with his cock sticking straight up. Mrs. Grims was also nude, minus a large strap-on she was yielding on her crotch. "Get on all fours and suck Jim off. I'll be fucking you from behind with this," the wife ordered.
I meagerly obeyed as I eyed the instrument that would be put in me. It was huge, larger than anything I've ever had. I got in position and took Mr. Grim's dick in my mouth. My dad and this guy were going fishing in a month. That weird thought quickly exited my mind as Mrs. Grims stuck a large portion of her rubber dick in my pussy. Thankfully, she lubed it, but it was still overwhelmingly large. Soon, though, she didn't hold back and pumped me hard with it. Mrs. Grim warned me not to let up sucking her husband's dick as she plowed me. I did as she ordered, praying the whole night wouldn't be just this.
After ten minutes and a very embarrassing orgasm on my part, Mrs. Grim withdrew her strap-on from me and told me to stop sucking her husband's dick, who had not yet cum. I sat there naked and panting, awaiting what would come next. The husband and wife swapped positions, and I was expected to go down on Mrs. Grim while her husband fucked me. Her husband was decently well endowed but nothing compared to the strap-on, so him fucking me was a welcome break, as odd as that was to consider. As he enjoyed the feeling of fucking me, Mrs. Grim positioned her pussy in front of my face. I had fucked men of a lot of different ages, but this would be the first woman I would be fucking who wasn't around my age.
"My husband and I have talked a lot about you ever since you turned 18, Cindy. We've acted out fantasies in this bedroom involving us fucking you, but we knew there was never any chance we would actually get you here. Little did we know you are as big of a slut as we are. Now work that tongue on my clit bitch." She grabbed my hair and pulled me in. From my previous experiences having sex with women, I knew where her clit was, and as instructed, I started using my tongue to play with it.
"Oh fuck, she knows what she is doing. I think not only is a slut, but a bisexual as well. Your parents would be surprised to hear that for sure," Mrs. Grim remarked as she enjoyed the oral I was giving her. How would that conversation even go? By the way, the other day, we were fucking your daughter and discovered she has a lot of experience getting women to cum. Mom and Dad would probably have some follow-up questions.
"How's it going back there, my love? Is she a good pussy?"
"Fuck yeah, I'm getting close too."
"I noticed you didn't object at all when Jim started fucking you without a condom. He is still very fertile, I assure you. How fun would it be if we impregnated our friend's daughter?" A lot of things were being said that I could comment on, but I just stayed focused on getting her to cum. Before I could achieve that, though, Mr. Grims unleashed the contents of his balls into me. I remember my dad's boss did the same thing while I was prostituting. How many men in my dad's life would cream pie his daughter before this was over? Sorry dad.
Despite her husband finishing, Mrs. Grim wasn't letting me stop. She had me start fingering her pussy with no less than three of my fingers which quickly had her yelling out in an orgasm. She released my hair, and I sat back up. In a matter of twenty minutes, I now knew so much more about my family's close friends, the Grims. I knew what their genitals tasted like. I knew what each of them sounded like when they came. I knew what Mr. Grim's dick felt like when it came inside me. I knew too much.
I hoped that maybe that was it. But they quickly showed me that it was stupid to think that. "Mr. Grim is not a young man anymore. He can't get hard again after sex right away like a lot of the men your age you fuck. But don't worry. We can have some fun in the meantime while also helping him achieve his next erection." They took me into a spare bedroom where three video cameras were set up on tripods.
"Do you ever roleplay? Mr. Grim and I do all the time and like to film ourselves. Believe it or not, I've even roleplayed as you for my husband." This was all too weird for me. The idea that these two people I thought were family friends were lusting over me for these past few years was too much.
They talked through a roleplay they wanted me to participate in and be filmed. I was expected to put effort into it and not just half-ass it. I begged them that they would need to keep these tapes hidden forever, never to show anyone. They assured me they would, mentioning they would likely watch these tapes many times. I was making fap material for my parent's friends.
We started with a long-winded scenario where Mrs. Grim and I were naughty students, and her husband was the teacher. After thirty minutes of this, I ended up getting eaten out by Mrs. Grim and cumming, while her husband's throat fucked me. A small break, and next, I was pretending to be step-siblings with them both. I said a lot of embarrassing things that were, of course, recorded, and the scenario ended with me pretending I wanted Mr. Grim to impregnate me as he fucked and creampied me again. They weren't done yet, though. Again, after a break and Mr. Grims popping a pill, I was told to play a babysitter caught stealing from their clients. This was the worst of the roleplays as I ended up doing anal with Mr. Grims. Anal, for reasons I don't understand, is a very sensitive area for me. Despite my best efforts, my parent's male friend got me to cum twice while his dick pumped my ass. After the roleplay was done, the couple was delighted they got that on film. I again reminded them they couldn't show this to anyone. Finally, they let me rest.
In the morning, the couple acted like nothing had happened yesterday and were polite and 'normal' with me. They lent me some clothes, and both gave me a ride back to Gordon's house. Before I left the car, Mrs. Grims addressed me. "Don't worry, we will keep your secret, and you won't tell your parents what you learned about us. If you ever need anything or just want to have fun again, don't hesitate to approach us again. But maybe in a less comprised position next time. Goodbye Cindy!" As they drove away I felt assured they would keep the secret, but I was put off by them suggesting I would ever want to endure another evening like that again.
Gordon met me outside and asked what happened to me after I ran off naked. I refused to tell him any details and instead got him to confirm his sexual favor was finished. I got my keys and purse from him and left in my car.
I was halfway done with these perverted acts. I wasn't convinced the worst was behind me. Teddy and I still hadn't agreed on his, but in the meantime, I had two other high-school boys to satisfy sexually. Something I had an embarrassingly large amount of experience with.