Janet is an aspiring author in her late twenties. She received a bachelor's in English Literature with a desire to write fiction, but school loans made it necessary to get a job right out of college. Writing and working a day job is tough, so it took her six years to get her first draft even close to finished. Even then, it wasn't ready to submit to agents, let alone publish. My wife and Janet became fast friends online talking over feminism, writing, and politics. After my wife provided some writing guidance—what you can do online (and free)—Janet decided to sign up for an intensive writing course in our area. This was her pilgrimage to find herself, and the words she so desperately wanted to write. The idea was to take the course during the day and work with my wife in the evenings. She asked if she could stay at our place while she took the course. My wife, always eager to help a fellow writer, agreed. Three weeks later, Janet arrived at our apartment with the goal of polishing up her manuscript.
Her flight came in from Cleveland to LAX on Friday. We had the weekend to settle her into her room before classes on Monday. My wife thought the two might talk over her manuscript some ahead of time, but this was Janet's first trip to sunny Southern California, so the beach was more important.
We have a small two-bedroom apartment with one bathroom, about five minutes from the beach. The sleeping area consists of two bedrooms and the bathroom. It is behind the kitchen with a door separating the kitchen and living room from the back area. The bedroom to the right is smaller and doesn't have a door, but it's the one my wife and I chose when we setup the flat. We don't need the privacy, but when we have guests we thought they might enjoy having a door. My wife put up a curtain over our door way to give us some privacy, since we both sleep in the nude—no reason to cause our guests anxiety in catching an awkward glimpse. Since the second bedroom is larger and has a bigger closet, we store clothes we don't wear often (winter coats and evening wear) in that room, but mostly my wife uses it as an office when we don't have guests.
It was too late to go the beach on Friday. So, once Janet was settled in her room, we headed for the pool. Our apartment complex has a pool with a hot tub. It doesn't get overwhelmingly hot along the coast in Southern California, but hot enough that the pool is a welcome break from the day. It also serves to remove the kinks from four hours on a plane.
Janet is slender, not athletic, but definitely on the cuter side the curve. Her medium length dark hair is wavy, adding spunk to her bubbly personality. She wore a bright yellow bikini which make her pale skin seem to glow and her dark hair really stand out. Often, writers can be reclusive, but Janet seemed to be open and airy about everything. This was a big adventure for her and she intended to make the most of it.
Back at the apartment I told Janet, "We have a drying rack out on our deck for our suits so they're dry and ready for use the next day. You can change in the bathroom. Just bring out your suit to me when you're done."
Janet stepped into the bathroom and I stepped out onto the deck, dropped my swim trunks and wrapped a towel around me for decency. My wife stepped into our bedroom to change. Janet was first out wearing soft cotton pajamas in place of her bikini. The pajama hung on Janet's slender figure with plenty of comfort room. She held her swim suit in her hands, but hesitated for a moment seeing me wrapped in a towel. "Did you just change out here?" she asked as she handed me her bikini top and bottom.
"Yes, sorry, we are clothing optional most of the time. I don't mean to offend you, so if you're uncomfortable, I can always wait for the bathroom to change."
"No, it's ok," she said with an air of uncertainty. "I just, well, you do have neighbors."
"Yes, but we're on the third floor and the deck wall hides me pretty well."
She shrugged her shoulders and headed back to the living room to sit.
Once everyone was changed, we sat around talking about writing—or I should say Janet and my wife talked about writing. I sat there and listened. They didn't talk about Janet's manuscript; she still wasn't ready for that, but they did talk about what Janet hoped to get out of the course. Janet wants her writing to be more literary in focus, along the lines of Chaucer or Cervantes. Not being anything close to that level, I kept my mouth shut.
###
The next day Janet and my wife went to the beach. I had some work to finish, so I let them enjoy the day together. As if the ocean wasn't enough water for them, as soon as they got home we headed for the pool. I ordered some Chinese food through Grub Hub because they deliver pool side. Afterwards, my wife wanted to take a shower when we got back to the flat to rinse the salt water out of hair. She offered the bathroom to Janet first. "Janet, go change. I'm going to take a shower, so I'm going to be a while. No need for you to sit around in your wet swim suit waiting for me."
"No, that's ok. Go ahead." Janet smiles back. "I'm in no hurry. Besides, taking a shower sounds like a good idea. I'll take one when you're done."
My wife steps into the bathroom and starts the shower running. Without thinking about it, I step out onto the deck and drop my trunks to hang them on the rack. I grab a towel and turn to wrap it around my waist when I see Janet standing at the door way, eyes staring at me in shock. I quickly cover myself and stammer, "Sorry, I wasn't thinking."
"Oh, no," she stammers. "You mentioned the clothing optional part yesterday, I just didn't. Sorry!" She turned around blushing from head to toe, both front and back. She disappeared into her room and came out moments later wrapped in a towel to hand me her suit.
She sat down on the sofa and I occupied a chair across from her. The conversation was our first chance to get to know each other. Since Janet and my wife knew each other online, all the conversations so far have been about writing. This was the first time Janet and I actual asked questions about each other.
Janet told me about her string of three boyfriends after graduating from university. None of them could see her as a writer. They weren't willing to support the occasional up in the middle of the night writing urges, or freakish writing ideas down on a napkin at a restaurant when the muse strikes. As a result, she hadn't found the right one, "but that's ok. I'm ok being a single writer for now."
My wife likes long hot showers, so our conversation lasted a while. Initially, Janet was slightly uncomfortable only wrapped in a towel, sitting talking with a stranger. She kept her knees together, feet on the floor and both arms wrapped around her. The more she talked, the more she relaxed, until she had one leg hitched up on the sofa and her arms casually around her waist. This kept her towel in place, but it did offer a good glimpse up the inside of one trim thigh.
When the bathroom was available, Janet took her shower and I joined my wife in the bedroom to put on pajamas. We don't sleep in them, but do have them around to stay covered up when guests are around.
Again, post Janet's show, my wife and Janet talked about writing. I did my best to stay awake and look interested.
###
Sunday was a day of shopping. There are shops in Cleveland, but not like we have in Southern California. When the ladies returned it was back to the pool. This time I opted for the first shower upon our return. When I came out, Janet and my wife were talking in much the same manner Janet and I had the previous night, both women wrapped in towels. We keep the windows up pretty much year round. The cool breeze in the summer evenings is nice. The towels were just enough to keep them from getting cold. Still, it surprised us Janet was comfortable sitting around in just a towel.
When we retired for the evening my wife commented, "Janet isn't as shy as she appears online."
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"When you stepped into the shower, she had no problems dropping her suit right there in front of me."
"Lucky you," I chided. "She has been more circumspect with me."
"I wondered about yesterday," she snorted as she climbed into bed. "She was only wearing a towel when I came out of the bathroom yesterday."
"She changed in her bedroom, just so you know."
"Ok." And we left it at that.
###
The first week was a struggle for Janet. I would head off to work at seven. My wife would take her to the university for her classes around nine and then pick her up again at five. Janet spent all day working with a small group honing their manuscripts and discussing writing techniques. On Wednesday and Friday my wife has clients in the evening, so it fell to me to pick Janet up from class. Regardless of how we got home, most evenings we would have some dinner and then Janet would retire to her room to do homework. She moaned a couple of times about wanting to go to the pool, but way too much work to do.
Come Friday, I cooked dinner. Janet and I ate in relative silence. The class was already beginning to wear on her. Without my wife to maintain lively dialog, we just sat and ate. When I got up from the table to clear dishes, I expect Janet to go to her room. Instead, she turned and asked, "Could we go to the pool? I have homework, but I'm exhausted and could use the break."
"Sure," I said putting dishes in the dishwasher. "You're welcome to enjoy the pool anytime whether my wife and I join you or not."
"Thanks, but would you be up for a swim, or at least a soak in the hot tub? I don't want to go alone."
"Always. Go get your swimsuit on and we'll go."
Janet jumped out of her chair with more energy than I'd seen from her all week. She grabbed her suit off the drying rack on the deck, and disappeared into her room. I finished loading the dishwasher, then stepped out on the deck to get my suit.
I threw my clothes over a chair on the deck and grabbed my suit. I hadn't yet put it on when I turned around to see Janet standing there in the doorway to the deck. More wide eyes glaring at me. "Sorry, Janet, I'm just not used to having house guests."
She didn't turn around, but she did blush as she watched me put on my suit.
I wrote a quick note to my wife to let her know we were at the pool.
An hour later, just as Janet finished swimming laps, my wife showed up with a bottle of wine and three plastic glasses. We journeyed to the hot tub to finish the wine, then returned to the apartment.
Janet wasn't interested in a shower, so my wife took the opportunity again. This time, rather than going to her room, Janet wrapped a towel around herself and attempted to wiggle out of her suit. The top was fairly easy, but she struggled to keep the towel closed while she pulled off the bikini bottoms.
"Here, let me help." I said stepping forward. Janet gave me a look of terror as if I was going to pull her bottoms off for her. I held up my hands to suggest I come in peace. "I'm going to hold your towel for you."
"Oh," she said slightly relaxing, but still weary of my hands.
I grabbed the top of the towel and held it in place while she dropped her bottoms. She then took responsibility for the towel and she bent down to pick up her suit. Handing them to me she said, "your turn," and she picked up a towel as if to wrap it around my waist.
"Well, I have a couple of options. Either I can let you hold my towel and risk losing your own towel in the process, or we can just dispense with the modesty since you've already seen me already."
"Oh, good point." Keeping the towel around her firmly in place, she let the towel she held up for me fall to the floor.
Part of me thought I should turn around. Part of me also thought I could go to the bedroom, but neither of those parts spoke up. I undid the button of my swimsuit, slid my thumbs into the waist band and dropped the trunks to the floor. I stood back up not even trying to cover up and turned to put our suits out on the deck.
When I stepped back into the house Janet was still watching me, obviously looking at my crotch.
I picked up a towel and wrapped it around myself. Then, we ventured over to the living room to chat.
Janet did most of the talking, this time the conversation turned toward the sexual habits of her boyfriends. The sex wasn't bad, but it wasn't adventurous either. After a few months of getting to know either other, all of her boyfriend's seemed to fall into a routine, with expectations as to what sex should (and should not) be. It was her third boyfriend that encouraged her to get her clitoris pierced. Unfortunately, he didn't like the feel of it once it was done and that pretty much ended their relationship.
Not really sure how to contribute to the conversation, I didn't.
My wife joined us a while later, also wrapped in a towel. By the point my wife came out to sit on the sofa, Janet was sitting with one foot on the sofa with her knee up in the air and her arm wrapped around it. She still had the towel on, but from my chair I could almost see her pubic hair. The thought of her piercing kept creeping into my mind, which made keeping my penis under control as constant struggle.
Janet's bikini wasn't skimpy, but it was still a bikini. She trims it as there were no errant hairs sticking out the sides when we were at the pool, but the bottoms clung enough to her body to make it obvious she has a fairly healthy bush. Sitting in just a towel, her one leg cocked up, the temptation to look, the curiosity was overwhelming.
My wife is an older, much larger woman, with a full figure. She wears a bikini too, but with forty inch hips and double D breasts, there is a fair amount more fabric to her suit. My wife doesn't trim her bush, but her pubic mound is nowhere near as full as Janet's, and she isn't pierced.
After a long discussion about pretty much everything, we headed to bed. As I pulled up the covers my wife asks, "So, did you get a look at Janet's bush?"
"No, not that I was looking."
"I wasn't looking either, but it was pretty obvious from where I was sitting. Hard to hide that much black hair against her fair skin. She'd told me she has a piercing and I couldn't confirm that, but the rest was pretty much in plain view."
"Oh," was all I could think to reply. I didn't want to confirm Janet had confided the same information to me.
###
The second weekend differed from the first as Janet spent most of Saturday in her room working on her homework. Even though Janet wasn't satisfied with what she'd done with her writing, the call of the waves was too much. Sunday was spent at the beach.
When we got home, the girls wanted to head to the pool. I ordered Italian food from Grub Hub to be delivered to the pool.
Back at the flat, we all wanted to shower. My wife suggest Janet go first, but Janet wanted to few more bites of garlic bread before taking a shower. So, my wife stepped into the bathroom. No sooner was the door closed, then Janet was over by the deck. I hadn't yet dropped my trunks yet and it had the feeling she was waiting.
I turned to look at her, "Do you want me to hold your towel again?"
"No," she said contemplating something. "I think we can forego the towel." With that she stuffed the last bit of bread she had in her hand, reached behind her back, and undid her top. In one fluid motion the top was off and I was staring at her breasts. They weren't large, but they were nice enough to stare at, especially with the cool breeze causing her nipples to practically jump out and bite me. She held out the top to me, but I was unresponsive. "Hello, are you still there?" she asked waiving her bikini top at me.
"Oh, sorry, I just..."
She laughed. "You were staring is what you were doing. But that's ok. I was staring at you yesterday." And she rolled her eyes as if chiding herself.
I took her bikini top and gulped knowing what was next. Yes, I was right. She slid off her bikini bottoms. When she stood up, she held them out to me draped over one finger. I was still staring, still unresponsive.
She looked down at what I was staring at, her full, dark bush. She swiped at it a couple of times dusting off the water. "I keep the sides trimmed to stay in suit, but there's just too much of it to keep it trimmed any more than this."
I took her bottoms, turned and put her suit on the rack. When I turned back around, she had yet to cover herself with a towel. "Are you going to change?" she asked.
In automatic mode, I slide my trunks down the floor. As I was bent over picking them up I realized my cock was responding to the recent view of Janet's bush, which just happened to be only a foot or so away. I wasn't full on hard, nor even really half way, but I was certainly sporting a chubby version of what I had on display yesterday. When I stood up, Janet stared at my crotch; this time no blush. She gave a soft hum, then donned her towel and retired to the sofa.
My wife took a quick shower, and was out just about the time Janet and I were taking our seats. Janet was next into the shower, so my wife and I chatted while I waited for my turn. When the bathroom door opened, Janet called out, "It's all yours."
I walked over to the door separating the front part of the house. As I stepped around the corner, I could see the bathroom door open and Janet looking at me in the mirror. She did a quick scan behind me. The bathroom is not visible from anyone seated in the living room. Janet smiled. "The bathroom is all yours, sir." She said with a flourish, then turned to me and opened up her towel. As I was about to step forward, the open towel froze me in my tracks. Janet saw my hesitation and stepped further back into the bathroom, keep her body on display. My body reacted on autopilot, following her into the bathroom not sure what to expect.
She closed her towel then whispered, "I just thought the last time got such a nice reaction, I'd give you a warm up before your shower."
"Thanks," I gulped back.
When we exchanged places, she stood at the bathroom doorway nodding with her eyes at my towel. Taking the hint, I let it fall. This time seeing her naked body did more than make my cock slightly chubby. It was definitely beginning to half-mast.
Janet smiled and said over her shoulder to my wife, "I have a long day again tomorrow. I think I'll just head to bed, if that's alright."
I heard my wife rise off the sofa and respond, "Sure. We both have to work tomorrow, too."
Janet stepped out of the bathroom and I closed the door to take a cold shower.
When I did come to bed, my wife was still awake and eager to have sex. Given the events of the evening, I was quickly eager as well. We made love, quietly, so as to not disturb our guest. While maybe not as enthusiastic as is typical, it was nice to get some release.
###
Week two was similar to week one. I left for work early. My wife and Janet went off to their pursuits. Come Friday, we were all exhausted. While I cooked dinner for Janet and myself, I asked, "Up for some pool time tonight?"
Janet was slumped at the dinner table waiting on supper, but quickly jumped up. "Great idea!" She disappeared into her bedroom. Moments later she came walking back out completely naked, "Sorry, I forgot my suit was still on the drying rack." She sauntered over to the deck, got her suit (and mine) and walked back to the kitchen. She put my suit on the counter and fiddled with her suit trying to get it the right way to put on, all the while completely naked. The bright florescent lights of the kitchen left nothing to the imagination, and yet my imagination was running wild.
Dinner was done cooking by the time she finished putting on her suit; she took that long. Of course, I had a similar response to her previous exposures, my cock at half-mast by the time she was done.
I grabbed some dished to set the table, but Janet stood at the entry into the kitchen, blocking my way. "Aren't you going to put on your suit?" I put the plates down on the counter and grabbed my suit. As if responding to the dare, challenging her to cry 'enough,' I took of my shirt, trousers and underwear right there in the kitchen, leaving them on the floor. Like Janet, I took my time sorting out which way to my trunks go to get them on the right way, all the while letting her look at my cock. It couldn't decide if it wanted to go up or down, so it sort of hovered at midway.
When I was done, she remarked, "You really are a red head."
"Yes. The temples may have greyed a bit, but I'm still a red head."
"It just your bush, or whatever guys call it. I knew it wasn't dark like mine the other night, but, wow, in this light it is really red."
Enjoying the exhibition, I pulled the trunks down again far enough to allow my hair to show over the top, but keep my cock straining again the trunks. Looking down, I fluffed my pubic hair with one hand, "I am rather partial to my hair."
"It's so long and straight." Janet pulled her bikini bottom down and fluffed her hair. Then, pulling at one of the strands. "My hair is long, but it is really curly." She pulls the hair several inches from her mound, then lets it go to watch it coil back into place.
I pulled on some of my hair, "I don't think mine is any longer, but if definitely has less curl."
Not paying attention to what she was doing—lost in playing with my own hair—I was startled when she stepped up to me crotch to crotch, holding out a few strands of her hair. "Let measure them."
Without success, we wiggle back and forth trying to compare length of hair. We were both giggling and gyrating until my cock found freedom. Our crotches were nearly pressed together, each of us with one hand holding down the edge of our respective suits while the other hand pulled at a lock of our own pubic hair. When my cock jumped free, it slid up between us and bounced off Janet's hand. It surprised us both. She stepped back and I froze.
"Oh," was all she said, her hand holding her pubic hair less than an inch from my cock.
"Let's have some dinner than go to the pool." I said, eventually tucking my cock back into my shorts.
"Doesn't that hurt?"
I looked down; my cock straining against the fabric of my trunks. "No. It's not really comfortable, but unless I just want to let it hang out all night, I don't have much of a choice."
"You could," she replied looking up at me. The hand holding the top of her bottoms down hadn't moved. "let it hang out, at least until it goes down."
Laughing, "I don't think that would help. Unless I wanted to step into the bathroom and knock one off really quick, I'm just going to have to let this calm down on its own."
"Leaving it out wouldn't help?"
"No, because I'd be thinking about my cock being out and being hard and you sitting across the table from me. That would only add fuel to the fire."
"Interesting." Janet lets her bikini bottoms return to their normal position and turns to set the table. "It doesn't work that way for me."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, when I'm horny, cool air helps calm things down. Wearing clothes only exacerbates the situation?"
"Really? I would have though going commando would be enticing, so have the same effect."
"I suppose the idea of going commando. If I were wearing a skirt with nothing on under it, that might make matters worse, but for me, I have a piercing, so panties just heighten the contact."
"Oh, my wife isn't pierced. I didn't know piercings did that." It was my turn to blush, my cock throbbing to be released.
###
Dinner did allow things to calm down, and swimming laps in a cool pool helped some too. When my wife arrived at the pool, with another bottle of wine, she hadn't changed into her suit. Since she wasn't going to get wet with us, we decided to skip the hot tub and decided to enjoy the wine up in our apartment.
I opted to change in my bedroom this time. The last thing I needed was stripping down in front of both my wife and Janet, sporting a chubby. Janet chose to use the bathroom. I thought she was going to take a shower, but when I stepped out from behind the current to my bedroom, I saw Janet had closed the door to the front portion of the house and left the bathroom door slightly ajar. I wanted to peek, my imagination was screaming for me to, but I knew I shouldn't.
Moments after I pushed the curtains back, the bathroom door opened with Janet standing wrapped in a towel and motioning me forward. My imagination did a happy dance as my conscience looked at the closed door knowing my wife was on the other side. Imagination won and I stepped over to the bathroom.
Janet whispered, "Here, let me show you something." In one motion, she let the towel drop to the floor and hopped up onto the bathroom counter. She spread her legs, pulled a major portion of her hair to the side with one hand as he lightly extended her middle finger down to her pink vaginal lips. Her pale skin and light color of her labia was in stark contrast to her dark pubic hair. Right at the clit was a small silver ball.
"See this?"
Yes, I had a clear view, but was speechless.
"It stimulates my clit whenever anything rubs against it. Whenever I'm walking around in my bikini, I get turned on."
"That makes two of us," I whisper. Then I gulp. I need to get out of her and fast. Unconsciously, I squeeze my growing cock with my hand, firmly outlining its rigid state against my cotton pajama bottoms.
Not missing a beat Janet asks, "Did I do that?" while innocently playing with the little silver ball, her clit responding to the stimulation.
I reply with a snide grin. "Just so you know, my wife is getting lucky tonight, and if we're too noisy, well, it's not my fault." I turn and leave, pulling the bathroom door closed, but not shut. I don't want my wife to hear the door latch.
Rather than head into the living room, I go back to the bedroom and put on some very restrictive underwear under my pajamas. My erection isn't going to go down any time soon, but I don't need to walk around the house with a tent out in front of me. That would create too many questions I couldn't answer.
That night, my wife and I did have sex. It started off quiet enough, but thinking about that silver ball made me want to do down on my wife. Try as she might, a few minutes of my face between her legs and she's anything but quiet. Serves Janet right.
###
We opted to go to the beach on Saturday. Janet did have homework, but she was too tense from the week to do it right away. Or at least that's the excuse she gave.
At the beach, we laid out towels, set down a cooler of drinks and food, and I headed for the waves. Last Sunday, the girls when into the water right away, but this time it was just me heading for the water. The women chose to enjoy some sun first.
Fifteen minutes later I came out to warm up. As I stride up the beach both ladies are laying with the feet pointing at me, their knees slightly bent and the crotch of their bikini bottoms vying for my attention. My wife's dark blue suit hid known treasures, pleasures I'd sampled the night before and eager to do so again. Janet's bright yellow suit was alluring with the unknown. Yet, the large damp spot at the crotch told me, either sat in a puddle, or she was soaking herself.
Timing is everything. I quickly grabbed a towel to wipe the water from my face, and dangle in front of me to hide the semi-wood pressing against my swim trunks. Just as I plop down on my towel, my wife decided to head for a swim. She asked Janet if she wanted to join her, but no. "I am enjoying the sun for now. Maybe in a few minutes."
My wife went to cool off in the ocean water and Janet turns to me. "Did you get a good look at my crotch when you came up from the ocean?"
Not sure if I should really admit such a thing, I opted for honest, "Yes, why?"
"Could you tell how wet my suit is?"
"Yes," fully aware of what she was saying, but trying to steer the conversation anywhere but there. "We're at the beach."
"Yes, but I've not gotten in the water yet."
I stopped toweling off.
Janet propped herself up on her elbows looking out at the water. She then turned to the cooler and grabbed a bag of chips and some dip. Sitting up, she opens the bag in her lap, looks over at the water, then sticks her hand down the front of her bikini bottoms.
"What are you doing?" I ask looking around nervously.
She pulls her hand out and extends a finger to me. "Don't you just love this dip?"
I can smell her. I can see her juices coating her index and middle fingers. I look around, then bend over and suck on her fingers.
"There, that's what a swim suit does to me, pretty much all the time. The power of that little silver ball. Can you see now why I love swimming so much?"
My cock strains against my trunks, yet again.
Without further discussion, Janet, hops up and joins my wife for a swim.
The rest of the day my cock goes from full on erection to half-mast. Even the cold ocean water isn't enough to calm the tide.
###
After another Grub Hub dinner, we ventured out to the hot tub, where the conversation turned to body modifications. There were a number of people at the beach with tattoos. Since my wife and I don't have any, my wife commented on not understanding the interest.
Janet confessed to not having a tattoo, but did say her clit pierced. The conversation turned to the benefits and side effects of such modification. Janet seemed to be all in favor, as if were there any side effects, she was not aware of them. "For example, take this hot tub. As nice as the jets can be, they are a whole new level with my bobble. I'm not offering to demonstrate, mind you, but let's just say, it is incredible."
My wife responded, "My orgasms already put me on the edge of unconsciousness. I'm not sure I would want them to be any more intense."
Not really having anything to add, I kept my mouth shut.
When we returned to the house, Janet showered first and my wife next. It was clear, when Janet got out of the shower, she wasn't in the mood for continued conversation, so I opted to shower in the morning. My wife stepped into the bathroom and Janet went to her bedroom. I put away the last of the dinner dishes. As I opened the door to the back of the house, I saw Janet's bedroom door open a crack. Like last night, moments after I walked through the door, Janet opened her door. This time she had on a terry cloth robe, but it was open letting my imagination feast on her naked body. She waved a vibrator in the air as she whispered to me, "Two can play at that game. I can be just as noisy. Think about that when you're stuffing your cock in your wife."
I nod, nervously look over at the bathroom door, and then turn to go to my bedroom. The curtains fall close and I hear a knock on the bathroom door, "Can I come in for a moment? I forgot to brush my teeth."
Knowing how open we are, my wife agreed. The door opened, Janet slipped inside, and a few moments later she came back out.
Not that I was moving particularly slow, or anything, but I had barely taken off my pajama bottoms, hung them up and gone over to climb in bed, when Janet came thru the bedroom curtains. She still had the robe on, and it still wasn't closed. "I think your wife is going to be a while. She's enjoying the shower massage."
"And..." I let the words be a question, not sure what this information means.
"I'm just saying, you may need to satisfy yourself tonight." Janet looks down at my growing cock. "Unless you want some help." She grins.
"I think I'm ok," thankful there is a bed between her and I. Had she made that offer yesterday when my cock jumped out of my swim trunks and her bush was just inches away, I might not have been so willing to refuse.
Janet looked down at my cock, reached into a pocket of her robe, and pulled out the vibrator. After a few clicks, the soft humming vibrated across the room and through my cock. It jumped. Janet noticed and smiled. She slid the vibrator down along the crease of her hips and lightly pressed the pulsating head to the folds of her labia. With a grunt, Janet spasms with pleasure as the vibrator hits the spot. My cock jumps again in response. Janet subtly slides the vibrator between her legs, moving back and forth to slowly build the sensation. Subconsciously, I wrap a hand around my cock and start sliding it with the same subtle motion. Eventually, Janet slides the vibrator further between her legs and then pulls it out, the head glistening. I look down, my own finger wet with my own lubrication. Janet shoves the vibrator in all the way, her knees buckling slightly to stabilize herself against the spasms. Three quick thrusts and the vibrator comes out, again coated with Janet's pleasure. My own cock ready to burst all over the comforter. Janet looks at the vibrator, then at my hand rapidly stroking my cock, and shoves the vibrator, still humming, into her mouth. Her eyes close as she runs her tongue over the gyrating penis. Pop, the vibrator explodes out of her mouth and she looks at me, "You have no idea what you're missing."
With that, Janet returns to her room. The door clicks close and I hear the shower shut off. I don't know whether my wife was masturbating in the shower or not. I could probably bring myself to cum quickly and call it a night, or I could wait for her to come to bed and satisfy myself with her. Even that momentary contemplation eases the throbbing in my groin to the point I opt to wait.
That night, our love making is even more fervent, even more intense, and yet, quite a bit louder. I don't know if Janet was making any noise. Vesuvius could have erupted next door and I wouldn't have noticed.
###
Typically, after making love, I got to the bathroom to get a warm wash cloth to wash off. I then bring it back to clean up my wife. It doesn't replace taking a shower, but it does help from being quite so fragrant in the morning. However, with a guest in the house, I've avoid that the last few times we've made love. I didn't make the trip that Saturday night either.
However, in the middle of the night, I did have to go to pee. I got up and wandered to the bathroom. The door was open and the lights were off, so I didn't expect it to be occupied. When I stepped up to the toilet, I ran into Janet, sitting on the toilet.
She whispered softer than the distant ticking of a clock, "Hello, stranger."
"Sorry," I replied, "I'll wait 'til you're done."
As I turned to leave, Janet reached out and grabbed my hand. I turned automatically. Her other hand reached out and grabbed my cock. Within moments I was hard; moments later she was sliding my cock into her mouth. I was sleepy, I had to pee, but there was no denying the urge to cum at that moment. Feeling her tongue glide over the head of my cock, it wasn't long before that urge came to fruition. I tried to grunt quietly, but I know better. The primal urge, as the first surge sprung from the depths of my gut, is not something that happens in silence. Three or four more gut wrenching spasms, and I was spent. Janet released my cock and stood up, pressing her naked body full against me. Her lips slid next to my ear, "Thanks, I needed that."
Her hand was still wrapped around the base of my cock, so she could feel it pulse in response. "Hmmm, not done, are we?"
I couldn't speak. My imagination was far too stimulated to make coherent conversation.
"Well, maybe later." With that, Janet slid by, making sure her pubic hair combed through mine, and she disappeared into the night.
I did pee, or I didn't have to pee again until morning, so, I must have. But I can't tell you how I ended up back in bed.
###
Janet was all for going to the beach again on Sunday, but my wife played the stern parent, forcing Janet to work on her manuscript. "It's your last week of this course. Make it count."
My wife spent the day working on her own writing, while I disappeared to the pool, to avoid confrontation with either of them. Both of them are better writers than I am, so I was not interested in anything that might involve words—or anything else, for that matter.
Working put both of them in a bad mood. I half-heartedly suggested the pool, but I was pretty water logged already. So, it thrilled me when they both decided to pass on the suggestion. My wife suggested a movie, but Janet didn't want anything involving story at this point. In the end, we all went to bed early.
###
The last week of Janet's course was even more intense. Monday and Tuesday night, Janet got home, went straight to her room and didn't even come out for dinner. Wednesday, she begrudgingly ate some soup, but again, spent the night in her room writing.
My wife got a call from a client that asked to reschedule a session for Thursday evening, so it was Janet and I alone again. Thursday was basically the last day of the course. They would meet briefly on Friday, but that would be just a final review of everything they'd learned over the course. There was no homework for Janet on Thursday, just the residual disappointment for not having achieved what she wanted.
I picked her up from university and started home. "How was the day?" I asked.
"I don't want to talk about it."
"Ok, I'm sorry. My wife has a client tonight, so we could go out to eat if you'd prefer."
She sat on the other side of the car, staring out the passenger window at the other side of the world. Of all the food we've eaten, Italian seemed to be the most popular. So, I pulled up Grub Hub on my phone and made an order. The plan worked, as the delivery person knocked on the door only minutes after we arrived.
I set the table then knocked on Janet's door. She didn't respond, so I spoke through the door. "Food's here. We can eat, then go to the pool, or go to the pool, then eat, or we can skip the pool and go to the beach. It should be a lovely sunset tonight."
The door opened. Janet had been crying. "I feel like such a failure."
"Why?"
"Because my writing is crap. It's all crap. I'll never be any good."
If there's one thing I've learned about living with a writer, at some point in time, all writers think what they write is crap. "It's ok. I'm not here to judge, and you're too close to the course to be a good judge yourself. My wife is always saying, 'After you've written something, put it down for a few weeks. Then, pick it up and read it. You'll see the problems clearer and you won't trash the good parts quite so easily.'"
Janet smiled and wiped a tear from her face. "What's for dinner?"
"Italian?"
She paused, leaning against the door trying to decide. "Can we have it later?"
"Absolutely!"
"I think the pool would help."
"You're welcome to enjoy the pool anytime."
"You'll come too?" she squeaked.
"Yes, of course. Let me grab out suits." I turned and walked to the deck. As I picked up Janet's suit, I realized this was probably the last time we would go swimming together. Janet's flight out of LAX at five in the morning on Saturday, so the likelihood of hitting the pool tomorrow was pretty slim. I squeezed her suit in my hand and brought it to my face. It smelled of salt water, chlorine, and assorted other things, nothing I could identify as Janet. Still, I was going to miss her.
I walked passed the kitchen on my way back to her, to find her standing in the door way to the back part of the house completely naked. "This is probably our last swim," she said solemnly.
"Yes," I nodded, lowering my eyes, not because I didn't want to look, but the concept had me melancholy too.
"Well," she said with a sigh, "Then we should make the most of it. Enjoy the view while you can."
I laughed, tossed her the bikini and starting taking off my clothes.
Rather than putting on her suit, Janet stood there, watching me undress. There was no more awkwardness, or embarrassment, but it was erotic. Watching her watch me get naked was thrilling. By the time I was pulling down my underwear, I was sporting another chubby.
"Hmmm, nice." She smiled.
"Thanks," I smiled back.
I started to fumble with my swim trunks as she stepped forward. "You're so pale," she said reaching up and lightly touching my chest. "And you have freckles everywhere."
"Oh, you have no idea. I'm so pale, I'm blue. I disappear in the pool during the day time. All you can see is my red hair."
I was thinking of the hair on my head, but she had other ideas. Her hand dropped to my crotch, her fingernail gliding through my pubic hair to feather light caress the top of my cock. It jumped, as if commanded it with a twitch of her finger, and she did.
She was close enough to me, I could feel her breath warm against my chest. I looked down; her breasts were inches away from pressing against my stomach. Her hand still caressing my cock, but with more intent. I could feel the warmth of her fingers stoking the heat of my passion.
At some point, she dropped the bikini and I dropped my swim trunks. She turned around and pressed her ass against my groin. "I'm pretty pale too. The color of my ass, which never sees the light of day, is just as pale as you are."
I agreed, but that's not what I was thinking. My erection was pressing between her legs, my hand automatically went to her hips, and I pushed against her. She reached out to put her hands against the door frame, bending her at the waist, pushing her ass harder against me. I could feel my cock straining against her legs, my imagination willing my cock to move, slide, throb, this way, then that to find a way in. She lifted one leg and stepped slightly right, and that was all it took for my cock to find its way home. First the head, slid up against the moist folds of her labia, but those quickly spread way for the lips of her vagina to kiss my cock. I shift my hips, and the head slipped inside, moist and hot. Within moments, thoughts gave way to primal passion, as I thrust against her again and again. I heard her call out, but it wasn't words, mindless, pre-language calls that transcend understanding. The room was filled with noises, the slapping of my thighs against the backs of hers, the groaning of muscles straining for releases, and the ever present satisfied hum of my cock.
When I did finally cum, it must have been quick, but it felt like eons, I didn't stop. I kept thrusting, kept cumming, kept throbbing. Eventually, I did slow down. Janet took the cue, turned around and kissed me hard on the lips. She wrapped a leg over my hip and then jumped to swing her other leg around me. I was still hard. So, when our hips pressed back together, I slid into once more. This time, it was not me providing the motion, but her. Janet swiveled her hips, her hands cupped my face, and her lips sought to devour me whole. More epochs passed until we found ourselves laying on the floor, her on top, still grinding her hips into mine.
The next season was slower. Janet rose to look at me, her hips still rotating. There was nothing to say, no words to express the pent up passion we were finally exploring. Then, she swung a leg over me, turned to face my still turgid cock, and bent down to kiss it with her lips. Something deep inside my imagination called out, "Find her silver ball. Where is her silver ball?" I lifted her by her hips and slid her body on top of mine. As eager as her tongue was to taste my cock, so, too, was mine to find that ball, to tickle it like she did with her finger the other night. When her dripping vagina was within reach, I pressed my face into her flesh, my tongue, my lips, my teeth exploring with the gusto of a thousand Quixote's.
Finally, the words were done. The tale was told through dozens, if not hundreds of orgasms. Everything we had was spent on the pages of lust, devoured in the poetry of sensation, and printed in our memories in ways no story can capture. We did go swimming, then came back to have some Italian food. My wife arrived home acutely aware of the aroma that could not be swept away with a light summer breeze. We didn't discuss Janet's manuscript, or writing at all. Instead, we tilted at windmills, posited the pilgrimage of The Wife of Bath or the Pardoner. Nothing was resolved, because the journey is not over.
Janet left to go back to Cleveland. My wife went back to assisting writers with their craft. I wrote this story.