Sales Role -- Groped in the Warehouse
Although it is a huge fantasy of mine, I wasn't prepared for being groped from behind by a stranger.
Well kind of a stranger, he worked at the same company as I did, we had hardly ever spoken as I was in sales and rarely in the office. He looked after the building, electrics, water, grounds, mail etc. He was the facilities guy who worked part time 3 days a week. In his 60's, he was a small unassuming guy who used to give some of the women in the office the creeps.
And here I was, alone in the warehouse searching for some stock samples for a meeting the next day and out of nowhere, both of my breasts were being cupped from behind and there was a hard cock grinding into my ass from behind.
Why wasn't I stopping him?
Why didn't I scream and tell him to get his hands off me before I call the police?
Instead, I stopped what I was doing and looked down at his hands kneading my breasts and allowed him to grind up against me while I stood there in shock.
His hands moved to my ass and squeezed my cheeks hard, his fingers trying to get between my ass cheeks in my tight black skirt.
I looked around and pushed him away so I could get a view of who it was and make a decision over my next move.
John had been with the company for many years and had a reputation as a bit of a pervert.
The young girls talked about him being creepy and staring at them, particularly when they bent over, or trying to get a peep down their tops.
I had by and large ignored the rumours, particularly when rumours had started to circulate about me, and my potential liaisons with the boss.
I heard some gossip and also sniggering when I was in the office.
However it was water off a duck's back to me.
I was in control and enjoying myself and earning good money. I really didn't care what the 9 to 5 element thought. So I acted like it wasn't happening.
John however was also aware of his reputation and tried his best to curry favour with the newbies who hadn't yet worked out what he was all about.
Until they caught him staring at them and then they gave him a wide berth.
So the rumours about me enjoying 'a good fuck in the office after dark' had obviously reached him and here he was chancing his arm in the warehouse.
"John, I suggest you take your hands off me. One word to our Boss and you'll no longer be working here. Is it worth that?" I asked, hoping he would see sense and I could buy some time and get out of the warehouse.
"I would give anything to fuck you Beth, come on, give us a little flash of that ass, you look so good in that skirt." John responded, clearly keen on going through with his intentions.
"I don't know what you've heard about me, but if you think I'm just going to drop my panties for anyone in the warehouse just because we're the last two people in here, then you are mistaken. Let me pass and I'll leave this between us."
John looked deflated and moved out of my way. He went on with the tidying and getting ready to close the warehouse for the evening.
"OK, well et me know when you're going to leave, I'm ready to lock up." He said, defeated and a little embarrassed.
I went back to my office and got my things ready to leave. I stopped and thought about the thrill of his hands grabbing my breasts, and him grinding his cock against me. I was in two minds whether to drop to my knees and turn around, or to do exactly what I did.
I put my coat on and shouted down into the warehouse that I was ready to leave.
As I closed my door and turned off the light, John was standing outside.
He had his cock in his hand and was masturbating.
"Please let me just jerk off while you stand there. You don't have to let me touch you or anything, just let me cum while I'm looking at you. I know I'm an old pervert, but I'd never hurt you. Please I've wanted you for so long."
Again, I stood there motionless for too long while John masturbated and his (very sexy looking) cock got bigger and harder in his hands.
He was thrusting and inching closer to me, and clearly getting more aroused and closer to cumming.
"Ok John, stop and put it away. Walkout to the car park with me, it's dark. I won't tell anyone about this but just stop and make sure I get to my car safely." I demanded.
By taking control John immediately backed down and put his private's back in their home.
"I'm sorry Beth, of course. I'll get you safely to the car park."
He said, flustered and embarrassed, but seeing a chance of redemption after his erection got the better of him.
Once at my car I started the engine and watched John walk over to his van.
I drove past him and rolled down my window. "So what are you doing this evening John?"
I called out.
"Night in tonight, meal for one and football highlights, I'm sorry Beth. I appreciate you not telling anyone. I won't let it happen again."
"Better not you dirty old man!" I called out.
I smiled and pulled away.
Then my car stalled. It wouldn't start. "Jesus Christ you're kidding me." I thought.
John came over and told me to lift the bonnet. He fiddled around and asked me to try a few things but it just wouldn't start.
"You might have a problem with your battery." John said, "I can get hold of one for you early tomorrow but I doubt I'll get one tonight."
"Don't worry, I'll order a taxi. If you can sort it in the morning that would be great." I suggested and John agreed.
I tried three companies before I found one that would collect me and take me home. It was rush hour and I was stuck waiting one hour for the cab. John offered to wait with me and I told him not to worry.
He then suggested, "Listen Beth, why don't you let me take you home. It's the least I can do to make up for my behaviour."
I said no, but then the thought of waiting an hour for the taxi on a trading estate in east London lost its appeal!
"OK John, if I agree to the lift, which is very kind of you, I don't want any more messing around. Are we clear?" I stated with real conviction.
"You have my word m'am." He responded. "It's the least I can do."
So I put my bag, my box of samples and my coat onto the back seat and told John I would be sitting in the back where I could keep an eye on him.
"No problem Beth," he said, just lead the way and I'll get you home safely in no time."
As we drove slowly through the traffic I relaxed in the back and directed John through the traffic to my apartment.
I thought about the evening in the warehouse, him grabbing my breasts and squeezing my ass, then masturbating in front of me with his big hard cock. Veiny and with a large dome, I could not deny he had a lovely cock.
I toyed with teasing him in the back but was worried I would lose the control I currently had.
I decided against it. John was charming all the way home and resisted being lecherous or suggestive, surprising giving his behaviour earlier.
I thanked John then realising I was also ready for an early meal for one I made a suggestion.
"I tell you what John, as we're both eating alone tonight, why don't you drive us to the pub and I'll get us a meal there to thank you for the lift. It's only a couple of miles down the road and I'm paying."
"There's no need for that Beth, I think I've caused you enough trouble today, I'm happy to get off home if you promise today stays between us. And I'll sort your car out first thing in the morning. I can collect you for work in the morning too if you like?"
"I insist." I said. "It's in the past and I'm hungry. Keep going to the next lights, then left and you'll see it about a mile down."
We sat at a table and I ordered a glass of Spanish red. It was surprisingly good.
John took a Coke as he was driving and on best 'fatherly behaviour'.
We finished our dinner then John asked if I was ready to leave.
"One more for the road," I said, "and I insist you have one with me."
I took another glass of Rioja and John agreed to a half a pint of Guinness, so I upgraded him to a pint.
We had quite a laugh as John relaxed, he was a simple guy but cute in his own way, just a bit of a lonely pervert.
A harmless one at that, although his actions earlier today could have been a big problem for him had he been groping someone other than me. He had been lucky as the outcome would have been different in the wrong hands. So to speak!
The wine was going to my head a little and I was starting to feel a little frisky!
We finished our drinks on good terms and John drove me home.
"As I'm a very nice lady, I'm going to invite you up for a coffee. But it's only a coffee, are we clear?"
John looked a little excited. "Are you sure?" He asked.
"I'm sure, as long as you don't do anything I don't want you to then we're fine. Deal?"
"Of course Beth, and I'm so sorry about earlier." He said enthusiastically as he followed me up the stairs to my apartment.
I swayed my hips a little to enhance my ass, teasing him as we climbed the steps. Sworn to silence, he watched and hoped, but said nothing.
We got into my apartment and I put the coffee maker on while John removed his coat and sat in front of the TV.
I gave him the remote to see if he could find anything to watch while I asked him to give me 5 minutes.
I heard him flicking through the channels while I quickly showered and went back to my bedroom to get dressed and join him in the lounge.
While showering I touched my pussy and breasts, they were feeling electric, knowing that John who groped me earlier was only feet away from me.
I decided to put some sexy underwear on and join John with a nightdress covering my underwear and nothing else. What would he do?
"I hope you don't mind, I just took a quick shower while the coffee was brewing, I know this isn't my usual work attire but I like to relax when I'm home."
"Beth, you look fabulous in anything you wear, and it's your home. You relax and do whatever you like."
He said, clearly enjoying my legs and my breasts bulging out of my silk nightdress.
I made coffee and sat next to John. My nightdress came apart a little in the middle and my frilly bra was a little in display.
John's eyes immediately darted to it and he looked away and back again as he tried to get a good glimpse of me.
I stood and took my coffee to the kitchen.
Then I decided it was time to reward John for helping me, and knowing what he wanted, I was going to enjoy teasing him before giving him what he wanted.
I removed my nightdress and came back in to the lounge. I stood in front of John with just my panties and bra on and smiled.
John looked up at me and with mouth open mumbled some comments about my breasts, body and other strange noises as he struggled to comprehend what was happening.
Smiling at John I pulled one bra strap off my shoulder. "Shall I continue?" I asked him.
"Oh god, yes please Beth. Please continue. "
"Good answer," I said and slowly removed both bra straps.
My breasts fell free, wobbling slightly as they fell over my bra, my nipples hard and erect and ready for attention.
I held out my hand and John grabbed it.
"Come with me." I said, and led John into my bedroom.
I sat John on the bed and slowly removed all of my clothes while bending over and teasing John, giving him a front row view of everything.
I then stood with my back to him and beckoned him to stand behind me.
"So, let's pretend we are back in that warehouse and you have the urge to squeeze my breasts.
This time, I'm going to let you." I say, naked in front of him with my back to him, waiting for his hands to wander all over me.
Instinctively he grabbed both of my breasts from behind my body and he thrusted his already hard cock up against my naked ass.
"Now, where were we?" I said, jokingly referring to the warehouse situation from earlier this afternoon.
John laughed but got down to business.
He squeezed my breasts and run his hand down over my ass. Putting his fingers in between my legs he stroked my already very wet pussy and put his finger inside me.
He rubbed and probed his finger deep in me.
"Don't stop now, make me cum." I demanded as John increased his finger movement and squeezed my nipple hard.
He was kissing my neck and rubbing his cock against me, I reached back and squeezed it while I felt an orgasm building inside me.
I came hard and as the pleasure waved through me, John dropped to his knees and greedily kissed my ass cheeks, opening them wide and placing his tongue between them.
I bent over to allow further access and he inserted his tongue into my asshole before crawling beneath me to suck and taste my pussy.
He licked me for what seemed like an hour, making me cum two or three times more, he couldn't get enough.
While I was in the throes of an intense orgasm I felt him rise and bending me over thrusted his cock deep inside me.
He fucked me hard in a number of positions and constantly told me how hot I was. I enjoyed every minute of it.
He came inside me, but carried in licking and fucking me into the early hours.
By the time he was ready to cum again he was ready to tell me what he wanted.
"Oh Beth, please get on your knees and suck my cock, I want to cum all over that pretty face."
I obliged and on my knees sucked him until he shot his cum over my face.
He made quite a mess and I enjoyed using my fingers to scrape it into my mouth.
He also enjoyed that!
It was nearly 3am when we collapsed.
"Stay the night." I said. "You can take me to the office in the morning." He couldn't believe his luck.
I woke and left John in bed while I showered. I put the coffee on and returned to find John was now showering.
It was early and feeling as horny as hell I decided to jump him on his return.
He came into the bedroom and found my on my knees.
"More cock please. I want to suck you and swallow your cum before work."
John let his towel drop and walked towards me pointing his stiffening cock towards my mouth.
'Oh my god Beth, yes, suck me dry, please baby."
I sucked and tickled his balls. He was rock hard in no time.
I gave him a wet sloppy juicy blow job. Within minutes he announced he was about to cum.
I carried on sucking and felt his warm cream fill my mouth, shooting into the roof of my mouth and dribbling down into my throat.
I opened my throat by swallowing and allowed his semen to fall into my stomach.
I swallowed it all and it tasted lovely.
Off to work and we left a little gap between entering the building so as not to arouse suspicion, unlikely as it would have seemed, and I made my way to my office.
"Has anyone seen John?" I asked one of the girls in the office.
"Yeah the old pervert is in the warehouse, I saw him come in a few minutes ago" said Jane, the credit control manager."
Watch him, he'll grab you from behind if you're not careful."
"He knows not to mess with me," I responded, I'd keep him up all night."
Jane laughed but was a little unsure of my meaning.
John fixed my car and we had no need to bump into each other in the warehouse again.
Well, apart from one other time...