Note: This story is the twenty-ninth episode in a series entitled "April's Story". If you have not read the previous twenty-eight episodes of this series, I encourage you do so before beginning this chapter.
This is a dominant wife humiliates submissive husband story. That is the kind of story I write. If you do not enjoy these types of stories, I strongly recommend that you look for something else to read.
*
The trip to Europe marked the beginning of the end of my period of depression. I was still sad, but I was starting to be able to smile and have fun again. Going to school became a pleasure. Lorraine bought me a car. I no longer needed him to bring me to Kelroy every day. I felt good enough that I could drive on my own.
I started to study in the library in the evening. I loved being with Helen and Lorraine, but I knew they needed some time to themselves. Helen hadn't taken a live in lover since I moved in with them and she didn't go out much, so I knew she wasn't seeing many men. I was certain she was doing this out of concern for my feelings. I wanted to give her a chance to resume her old lifestyle. It was also good for me to start spending more time around other students. I told Lorraine about this. He agreed with me.
About a week after my conversation with Lorraine I walked into the house just a little after ten o'clock. I'd been studying in the library. I heard voices as I walked by the parlor. I looked in, a handsome middle aged man was lying back on the couch. His pants were around his ankles. Helen was on her knees giving him a blow job. She was naked. Her lover looked up and noticed me. This caused Helen to turn. I quickly moved away from the parlor door.
Helen ran out into the hall. "April, I'm so sorry. I lost track of the time. I meant to have Vic out of here long before you got home."
I smiled at Helen. "Thank you for being concerned, but it's alright. It doesn't bother me." I kissed her cheek. "I want you to do this. It's an important part of your life."
Helen stared into my eyes. "Are you sure you're okay with this?"
I nodded, "Yes I am very sure." I paused. "Helen, I think it's time for you to have a live in lover again."
Helen beamed. "April honey if you're sure it wouldn't bother you, I would love that."
I smiled at her, "Helen, I would also love it."
"So would I."
We both turned. Lorraine was grinning at us.
He looked at Helen. "Now that we have that settled, you'd better get back into the parlor and attend to Vic before that big cock of his starts to get soft."
A week later I was studying at a desk in the library stacks. It was just after 8:00 pm.
The stacks were my favorite place to study. At the end of each row of books there were two desks. Each one was built into a carrel. There was generally someone in the other carrel, but people went to the stacks to work not to socialize; personal privacy was respected.
I was trying to learn calculus. The course was a graduation requirement. I was an English Literature major, math was my weakness. I was tearing my hair out and cursing like a sailor. No matter how hard I tried, I could not figure out how to solve the problem I was working on.
Suddenly, I heard this soft voice behind me. "Hey it's not that bad. If you let me, I think I can help you."
I turned. There was this short, rather feminine looking guy standing there smiling at me.
I was doing much better, but I was still very withdrawn. You might say the walls were still up. I looked at him and snapped, "Go away bug."
The poor guy hung his head and slumped away.
As I watched him leave, I started to feel awful. How could I be that cruel? He was just trying to be nice.
I called to him. "Hey guy, I'm sorry."
He stopped.
"I didn't mean to be rude. Please come back. You don't have to help me. I just want to apologize for being mean to you, okay?
He turned and looked at me. He had eyes like a cocker spaniel.
"Please come back and let me apologize."
He walked towards me very cautiously. He was shy.
I extended my hand. "Hi I'm April Hansen."
He smiled. "Oh I know who you are. Everyone knows who you are."
I nodded. "Yes, I guess everyone knows the campus slut."
"No, No, please forgive me. I didn't mean it like that." He smiled at me. "Don't you know? You're the prettiest girl at this school."
I smiled, "You're really sweet." And then I paused. "But, you've heard the gossip right?"
"Yea, I've heard it all." He looked at me. He got bolder. "It doesn't matter; you're still the prettiest girl on this campus."
My guard went back up. "Hey guy you're really sweet, but the stories are all true." I shook my head. "I'm going through a really tough time right now, I'm off dating. It's nothing against you, I just don't want to get involved with anyone." I shrugged. "It's just a bad time for me, okay?"
He held up his hand to stop me. "No, please; you misunderstood me." He laughed. "You're way out of my league. I just thought I could help you with your math."
I looked at him. After a moment I said, "I'm sorry; I was out of line." I smiled. "I'm not out of your league. You're a really cute guy. If I wasn't so screwed up right now I'd love to go out with you."
He cautiously extended his hand. "I'm Mark Peters. It's nice to meet you April?"
"Are you really willing to be seen in public with the campus slut?"
"April, you weren't the campus slut. You were Marion Poncley's girlfriend."
I looked at him. "Did you know Ponce?'
He smiled. "Just barely, I only talked to him one time."
"Tell me."
"I was walking home from the library when I was a freshman. A group of frat boys caught me behind the science building. They were drunk. They thought it would be fun to beat up a dork like me. One of them held me while the others took turns hitting me in the stomach."
He looked at me. "I'm sorry, I'm not very brave. When the first guy hit me, I started crying. They started laughing at me." He paused. "Just then Ponce came around the corner. He stopped and looked at what was going on. After a moment he walked over, grabbed the frat boy that was hitting me and threw him to the ground. The other frat boys all ran. They were cowards. Ponce picked up the guy who was on the ground and told him to run away with his little coward buddies."
Mark laughed. "The guy ran like a scared rabbit. After he was gone Ponce asked me if I was okay. I told him I was. Ponce walked to my dorm with me just to make sure they wouldn't bother me again."
Mark stared into my eyes. "April I am so sorry about what happened to him. He was a really good guy."
I started to cry. "Mark I loved him so much."
He gently touched my shoulder. "I can understand why."
I looked at Mark. "Were you really serious about helping me with my calculus?
He nodded. "Yes, I would love to help you."
"Can we go to the main reading room so we can both sit at a table together?"
He took a deep breath. "Are you really willing to be seen with a nerd like me?"
I laughed. "Are you really willing to be seen with the campus slut?"
"April, I would love to be seen with you."
I stopped. "Mark, I'm not going to go back to your room and have sex with you."
He laughed out loud. "I understand that. Hey, all I am asking is for you to let me help you with your math. I would enjoy that." And then he stopped and very seriously said, "But you could at least leave me a little room for a fantasy okay."
I looked at him. There was a mischievous grin on his face. He was teasing me. I was quickly growing to like this little man.
Mark and I started meeting in the library two nights a week so he could help me with my calculus. He was a good teacher. What was a previously incomprehensible form of mathematics quickly started to make sense to me.
We also enjoyed each other. Mark had a wonderful sense of humor and loved to laugh. It wasn't long before we were studying together every night of the week.
It was obvious that Mark liked me; actually it was pretty apparent that he had a huge crush on me. I kept telling myself that I wasn't ready for a relationship with another guy. It was still too soon. I stubbornly refused to allow myself to let Mark cross the boundary from friend to boyfriend.
Mark was wonderful. He didn't demand anything from me, yet he still fawned over me.
When we were studying, I never had to move. If I wanted a soda all I had to say was, Mark would you please get me a Diet Coke. He would obediently jump up and run to the soda machine. Unconsciously I was starting to treat him like he was my slave.
I also started teasing him. The first time, it happened by accident. One night I happened to wear a rather low cut blouse that Helen had given me. I wasn't wearing a bra underneath the blouse. It wasn't deliberate. I don't have very big breasts; I frequently go braless.
About halfway through the evening I caught Mark stealing a glance down my blouse. He didn't realize that I'd caught him and I didn't want to embarrass him so I didn't say anything.
As we continued studying, I thought about what had happened. For the first time since Ponce and Danny died, I felt a little tingle of sexual excitement between my thighs.
I excused myself and went to the rest room. I wanted to be certain that Mark didn't see me as I unfastened one more button on my blouse. When I returned to the table I leaned forward. As I leaned forward I was certain that Mark could now see all of my bare breasts. I spent the rest of the evening sadistically teasing my naive little friend.
That night as I lay in bed, I thought about what I'd done to Mark. I already knew I was an exhibitionist. You don't work as a nude dancer if you're not an exhibitionist. Part of the thrill I got from teasing Mark was simply the fun of knowing he was peeking at my breasts.
But I knew that wasn't the only reason I got a thrill from teasing Mark. When Ponce and I used to play our sex games I quickly discovered that I had a very healthy sadistic streak. Ponce was of course a masochist, so we complimented each other nicely. As I lay in the dark I realized that when I was teasing Mark I got my biggest thrill from the knowledge that I wasn't going to give him any sexual release. The idea of getting him excited and then sending him home horny and frustrated was very tantalizing to me.
This little sport of arousal and denial was central to many of the games Ponce and I used to play.
For a while I lay in bed fondly remembering the fun Ponce and I used to have. He loved the sweet torture of having to kneel obediently and watch while I sucked Danny's cock and then let him fuck me.
I thought about the Sunday afternoon football sex parties. I loved all the fucking, but what really made it exciting for both Ponce and me was knowing that he would have to watch in frustration while other men enjoyed my body.
At the end of those evenings I would lie in bed with Ponce. We would both be naked. He would still be wearing his cock cage. He loved lying there listening to me as I described the different ways that each of my lovers fucked me during the party.
While Ponce lay next to me enthralled by my account of the adventures of the day, I would go down on him. We both enjoyed the anguish he would have to endure as I sadistically licked the outside of his cock cage while I described the pleasure I gave my lovers as I sucked their huge erections.
The pleasure I got from getting Mark excited and then sending him home frustrated was just a tiny taste of the fun that I used to have with my baby Ponce.
I did remember that I always ended the evening by taking off Ponce's chastity cage and giving him a nice long hand job. For a moment I felt guilty about not doing the same thing for Mark. The guilt didn't last long. The rationalizations came quickly. The first one was of course, that I just wasn't ready for another intimate relationship. The rational that I finally used to justify my behavior was that Mark could always go home and satisfy himself by masturbating.
In retrospect, I now realize that I was just being selfish. I wanted my pleasure without giving anything to Mark.
for the next several weeks I continued my library teasing games with Mark. Occasionally I'd bend over and give him a quick peek at my tits. From time to time, my hand would accidentally brush the inside of Mark's thigh or my foot would bump into his ankle. It was pretty tame stuff. You might say that Mark and I had all the sexual sophistication of a pair of immature ninth graders.
About a month later things started to heat up a little. We were taking a study break on the library steps. Mark and I were all alone.
He turned to me and said, "April can I ask you a question about your past?"
I stared at him. My defenses went up. I was about to say no, when I stopped. I suddenly realized that I was being foolish. Mark was now my best friend. He had the right to ask some personal questions.
I smiled at him. "What would you like to know?"
"Did you really work as a stripper?"
I laughed. "Yes Mark, I worked downtown at the Black Knight."
He thought about this. After a moment he said, "I've been to a strip club one time. Did you really take your clothes off in front of a room full of guys?"
I suddenly felt a little tingle of excitement between my thighs. Mark had just provided me with another way to tease and torment him.
"Yes Mark, that's what strippers do."
"Did you take your panties off?'
I smiled and slowly nodded my head. "Yes Mark, when I danced on the stage, I took my panties off."
He just stared at me. He didn't say anything. I think he was completely overwhelmed.
I was enjoying this. I didn't want it to stop. I could see that he needed a little prodding.
I picked up his hand and held on to it. "Mark we're good friends. You can ask me anything you want."
He continued to stare at me. It was obvious that he was trying to build up his courage. After a moment he asked, "Did you show them your thing?"
I burst out laughing. Mark's face turned beet red. He stared at the floor. I suddenly felt awful. I'd accidentally embarrassed him.
I leaned over and kissed his cheek. "I'm sorry sweetheart. I didn't mean to embarrass you. It's just that I don't have a thing. Honey, you have a thing, I have a pussy."
Mark looked at me and started smiling again.
I leaned over and whispered into his ear, "Yes Mark I showed them my pussy. I showed my pussy to lots and lots of guys."
Mark started to stare at me again. My poor baby just wasn't very worldly. I was having fun. I didn't want this to end.
I kissed his cheek. "I also gave guys lap dances."
Mark looked down at the steps. "My friends tried to get me to buy one of those."
"Did you?"
"No."
"Why not?"
"I was afraid."
"What were you afraid of?"
Mark looked at me. He was blushing. "That's kind of personal."
"You're asking me personal questions."
He hesitated for a moment and then he said, "I was afraid I'd make a mess."
"You mean you were worried you might cum in your pants?"
He shook his head yes.
I smiled at him. "Baby lots of guys do. It wouldn't have been that big a deal."
He looked at me. "Did lot's of guys cum when you were giving them lap dances?"
I nodded. "Yes, lots of them."
"What wear you wearing?"
"I was naked Mark. All the girls are totally nude when they do lap dances at the Black Knight."
Mark was getting bolder. "Did you ever touch a guy's thing?"
"I was sitting right on it. That was part of a lap dance. We deliberately rubbed our pussies on the guy's cock."
Mark stared at me for a moment. I think I shocked him when I said the word cock.
I giggled. "It's okay, we're adults. We can say the words cock and pussy to each other."
He smiled at me. "Did you ever touch a guy's," He hesitated and then he said it. "Cock with your hand?"
"Yes Mark, lots of times."
"Isn't that illegal?"
"Yes, but the police don't seem to worry too much about what goes on inside the Black Knight."
"Did you ever do anything else with guys?"
"Do you really want to know? Mark I was pretty wild. Remember, when I first met you; I told you that all the rumors about me were true."
Mark nodded.
"Are you sure you want to know this?"
"Yes, April I do." He paused. "You're a wonderful person. I really like you. You're my friend. There's nothing you could tell me that would make me think less of you."
I kissed his cheek. "Mark I really like you to and I'm glad we're friends."
I stared at him, "You're sure?"
He nodded. "Yes, I'm sure."
"Okay." I took a deep breath. I was getting very excited. "At the Black Knight there is a place they call the VIP room. For $150.00 I would take a guy there and give him a private lap dance. If the guy gave me another $200.00 I'd give him a blow job."
Mark stared at me. After a moment he said, "Wow!"
The next day I met Mark for lunch.
As we were eating I leaned over and kissed his cheek. While I was kissing him I said, "Why don't we study in your room tonight."
Mark stared at me. He was speechless.
I giggled. "It's okay, you'll be safe."
He finally managed to stammer out, "I would like that very much."
After my last class, I went home to Helen's house. Before dinner I spent a good hour trying on outfits and applying my makeup. I wanted to look very sexy for Mark. Teasing him was getting me more and more excited. I ended up choosing a crop top tee shirt from my old ward robe. It said, "Spoiled Brat" across the front. I added a very short denim skirt and a pair of open toed, high heeled sandals.
The hottest part of my outfit was the least visible. Earlier in the week while I was working in the boutique, I'd picked out of very sexy white lace thong. These panties were particularly hot because they were a size too small for me. They were so tight that when I put them on, the lips of my pussy spilled out of the crotch. Mark was in for a very hot show tonight.
After I got dressed I applied my makeup. I was careful to add a little extra eye shadow.
When I stood in front of the mirror, I was very pleased. I'd created the exact appearance I'd been seeking. I looked like a slut.
As soon as I was dressed I went out to have dinner.
About a week earlier, Helen had taken a live in lover. His name was David. David was a extraordinarily handsome man in his late forties. He was also very nice. Both Lorraine and I liked him.
Helen and David were already seated when I came into the dining room.
When I sat down David looked at me and said, "April you're certainly looking very sexy tonight."
Helen studied me. After a moment she nodded and said, "Indeed, may I ask about this change? You obviously spent some time putting this outfit together. Is there a young man involved.?"
I smiled at Helen. Just as I was about to answer her, Lorraine came into the dining room carrying a tray with two cocktails. One of them was for Helen, the other was for David.
Lorraine was wearing a very skimpy maid's outfit. When Helen had a live in lover, Lorraine became a total slave for both Helen and her stud.
As Lorraine set his wife's martini on the table Helen said, "Slave it appears that Mistress April may have a new love interest."
Lorraine looked at me and politely curtsied. "Good evening Mistress April. That's very exciting news. If it would amuse you, I would love to hear about this young man. In the mean time, I have to get back to the kitchen and get ready to serve tonight's soup."
Lorraine turned and left the dining room.
I turned to Helen. "If you don't mind, I think I'll eat in the kitchen tonight."
Helen smiled at me. "I think Lorraine would like that. He can tell me all about your young man later this evening."
Lorraine was busy tearing up lettuce for the salad course when I entered the kitchen..
Whenever Helen had a lover living with her, Lorraine had two places in the house that were considered neutral territory, the kitchen and his bedroom. Helen's lovers were never allowed to enter either of these rooms. If David needed something from the kitchen, he would call Lorraine and Lorraine would get it for him. In these two rooms Lorraine was treated as an equal. Everywhere else in the house he was a subservient slave without any rights at all. He wasn't allowed to sit, he couldn't eat or drink, He could only speak after he was addressed by a superior.
At this time Helen, David and I were considered to be his superiors. Lorraine loved it. He was one of the most submissive men I have ever known.
I walked over and put my arms around Lorraine's waist. I gave him a hug and pressed my cheek against his back. I loved this wonderful man.
He didn't turn. He was busy, it was dinner time. Helen would be whip him in front of David if he was late with one of the courses.
"Hi baby, can I get you something to drink?"
I gave him another squeeze and said, "No that's okay, you're busy. I can get a Diet Coke out of the refrigerator."
As I was getting my soda Lorraine said, "So tell me about this new guy."
"His name is Mark. I think you would like him. He's very smart and very funny."
"Does he go to Kelroy?"
"Yes, we're both Sophomores."
"Is Mark the attraction in the library."
"I giggled. "Yes, he's the reason I don't study at home anymore."
"How long have you been seeing him."
"About a month."
"I noticed that you're dressed rather provocatively; are you having sex with him?"
"No, I just enjoy teasing him a little."
Lorraine turned and looked at me. "What do you mean by that?"
"He's pretty submissive. I'm sort of treating him like a slave. He's seems to be enjoying it."
"He seems to be enjoying it? Haven't you discussed this with him?"
"Lorraine, I'm afraid to. It's too much like my relationship with Ponce. I kind of feel like I would be cheating on Ponce if I took another slave."
Lorraine walked over and put his arms around me. "Honey, I don't think Ponce would want you to go through the rest of your life mourning for him. I loved him to. We'll both miss him forever, but I am quite certain that he would want you to pick up your life and move on.
"I know, but it's so hard to do. Lorraine I loved Ponce so much."
I started crying.
Lorraine patted me. "I know baby." He held me while I cried. After a few moments the sadness passed and I pulled myself together.
Lorraine smiled at me. "I'm behind schedule, help me with the soup; get three bowls down from the cupboard."
I got two bowls. As I brought them over I said, "I want to eat in the kitchen with you tonight, would that be okay?"
Lorraine smiled at me. "I would love the company."
I set the bowls up on a tray, as Lorraine poured the soup into them he asked, "So when do we get to meet Mark?"
I shrugged. "I don't know, I've never thought about bringing him here."
Lorraine looked at me. "Well April Hansen it's time for you to start thinking about it. It's Thursday, invite him to dinner Saturday night. I'll grill steaks. That will make David happy, he loves steak. He'd eat it every night."
I'm not sure if Mark will understand our lifestyle."
Lorraine smiled at me. "Honey I think he deserves a chance to see what he's in for if he continues going out with you. Why don't you lay a little groundwork tonight."