Janet and asked if I wanted together at her house to start planning for the pool party the next weekend. As I explained before, Mike and Janet live in south Fayette County Ga. They own about 6 acres of land off Ga Highway 92. The lot is sparely wooded with the house at the end of driveway about 150 yards long. Given the beautiful day, I was not surprised when I pulled up to the house and saw Janet in front of the garage washing her car wearing her red weasel knit bikini that she had previously worn at the beach. Although up close it left little to the imagination, from the highway it looked like a normal bikini.
I parked next to her car and said, "I thought we were just going to sunbath by the pool. I didn't bring a bathing suit so I'll just go back to the pool and wait for you to finish up."
Janet said, "We'll get finished quicker if you help."
I said, "I am meeting Bill later and don't want to get my dress wet."
Janet said, "Well then take it off."
I said, "But I am not wearing anything under my dress and we can be seen from the highway,"
She said, "OK, I made some margaritas. How about getting us one?"
When I brought the drinks out, Janet had taken her bikini off and was washing the car while nude.
Looking at her fully exposed from the rear as she was leaning over and stretching to wash the hood of the car was an exciting sight. Since we were going to be sunbathing in the nude anyway, I thought, "When in Rome..." and took off my dress and put it in my car.
Janet washed and I rinsed and we did get the car done pretty quickly. As we started to dry the car, Janet said she needed a refill and asked if I could refill the marguerites. Since I enjoy them myself and had finished mine as well, I was more than happy to oblige.
As I was coming out of the garage, I thought I heard Janet's voice. When I turned the corner and came out of the garage door, I saw Janet talking to the mailman. I immediately turned around and started to walk back into the garage. Janet called to me and said to come and meet John. I turned around and came back out handing the drink in my left hand to Janet and reaching out with my right hand to shake his hand and said, "Hello, my name is Linda."
As John took my hand he looked me in the eyes and said, "Hello, I am pleased to meet you."
As he shook my hands, his gaze travelled down my body, going back and forth across my chest and then down stopping at my pussy. Being in the driveway washing the car in the nude had started to turn me on so my large pussy lips had swollen even more and were fully exposed and glistening with my arousal. He is not the first man to have starred at my pussy that way and I never know whether they like it or are repulsed because my lips are so large and hanging down.
Janet broke the spell by explaining that John had to get a signature for a package.
I asked John if all his customers met him in the driveway not wearing any clothes.
John responded that this was the first time that it actually happened although it has been a fantasy since he started delivering the mail. He also told us how fantastic we looked and that although his wife is very attractive as well she is way too inhibited to be outside in the nude much less talk to a stranger in that state. He said our husbands are lucky men.
I looked at the front of his pants and could clearly see that he had an erection. I said, "Janet, it seems that we have caused John a problem and he may not be able to drive in that condition."
Janet looked to see what I was talking about. She then walked behind him and reached around to unzip his shorts and extricate his cock. As she stroked his cock, I reached between my legs and stuck three fingers in my push while rubbing my clit with the other. I took my fingers out of my pussy and stuck them in John's mouth so he could taste my pussy. This sent him over the edge because I felt his cum hitting my stomach.
I picked up one of the towels we were using on the car and cleaned off his cock.
As he was putting his cock away, he said, "I can't believe that just happened."
Janet said, "It never did and it won't ever again."
As John was getting into his truck, he said, "I understand and thank you very much."
After he left, we both agreed that it was the start of a good afternoon. We put away all the car washing stuff, got another marguerite, and went out by the pool to sun bath. Just as I laid down on the recliner, my cell phone rang.
I answered it and discovered that it was Lisa. She said that she and Curt would come to the pool party. She said that he didn't want to come because he didn't know anyone but when she told him that she was going whether he went or not, he changed his mind and agreed to go. She said she did not tell him any of the details of our trip to the mall.
I told her Janet and I were nude sunbathing, drinking marguerites and about to start the planning and I would email her the details and directions.
Janet asked who I was talking to her. So I told Janet the story of how we met in Macies and the show Bill and I put on for her in the restaurant. Then I told her of our lunch, Curt's fantasy, Lisa's introduction to public exposure and Lisa's incredible body. By the time I was finished, my pussy was even more swollen and wet then earlier.
Janet was also lightly rubbing her pussy and said, "This could be interesting."
About that time, Mike walked into the pool area from work, took one look at us and said, "From the size of Linda's pussy lips, the pool of liquid on the recliner, and the fingers in Janet's pussy, you guys must have been up to something. Let me go in, get rid of these clothes, get a drink and then we'll have confession."
A few minutes later, Mike walked out totally nude with a drink in his hand. I have described Mike before, but every time I see him nude I am amazed. He is tall with a tanned sculptured body. His most amazing attribute is his cock. Flaccid it is a thick 8" and direct it is over 11" long and five inches in circumference. It is sculptured and circumcised with large veins and a large head that has a sharp edge where the heads meets the shaft. In a word it is marvelous.
He came over and sat on the end of Janet chair and just said, "Talk to me."
We told him about the mailman, which caused his cock to start growing. He reached over to my pussy and scooped a handful of my juices and rubbed them all over his cock. Then he took over Janet's hand and had her start to stoke his cock.
Janet said, "And that is not the best part. Wait until Linda tells you about her adventure her new friend Lisa."
I told Mike the whole story. He had me describe her body twice and seemed really excited that she is so toned. When I told him about Curt's fantasy, he said, "Among the four of us, I bet we can give them both an unforgettable adventure."
Mike continued, "Since you ladies are feeling so frisky today, let's play a game. I saw a web site the other day that had to do with naked pizza delivery dares. People set the situation up where they would order a pizza and when it was delivered, their wives and girlfriends would answer the door in the nude and get the pizza. They would film the entire dare. Are you ladies up for a dare?"
While Mike ordered the pizza, Janet and I prepared by taking showers, making sure our pussies were shaved smooth, putting on light make up and fixing our hair. We set the camera and did a dry run with me answering the door wrapped in short towel that barely reached my pussy and was open at the side. I answered the door, turning around and leaning over to get money out of my purse, when my towel would fall. I then called Janet to ask if she had any one dollar bills. She would then walk out nude and start talking.
We reset everything and waited for the pizza man. The car pulled up the driveway and stopped at the front door. I peeked out the side window, I saw a petite little blond with tits way too big for her tiny frame getting out of the car. I said, "Guys, we have a problem. We don't have a pizza man, we pizza lady."
Janet said, "Let's trade and let Mike answer the door."
Mike said, "No, men get arrested while women get looked at. Let's keep the plan the same."
When the doorbell range, I answered in in my towel and apologies for answering the doorbell in a towel. I explained that my friend and I were in the bathroom and the pizza arrived sooner than expected.
The pizza lady looked at me strangely and said, "I have pizza delivery for Mike."
I said, "My name is Linda, but I am sure Mike would not mind if I took the pizza."
She handed me the pizza and said, "That will be $22.75 please."
I thanked her and took the pizza. When I turned around and bent over to put the pizza on the side table in hallway, my towel fell off. Janet and I had put our purses on the floor by the table. I left the towel on the floor, turned around and spreading legs squatted down to look in my purse. I looked up at her, I saw that she was staring at my pussy and I noticed that her nipples were starting to harden. I know my pussy lips were a gaping open, glistening, and hanging down.
I said, "Sorry, I thought I had some cash in here."
After searching for a minute, I finally stood up and said, "I can't seem to find any cash. Let me see if Janet has some cash."
I called Janet and asked her if she would check her purse for cash to pay for the pizza.
While we were waiting, I moved over to the lady, put out my hand and said, "Hi again, my name is Linda."
She said hi also and told me her name was Monika. She said she just finished her third year at college and was just delivering pizza to meet people and make a few dollars. Again I noticed that she was not looking into my eyes but my pussy and her nipples were definitely hard.
When Janet walked in also nude with a shaved pussy, perfect breasts and statuesque body, her eyes became even bigger. Janet went to her purse and squatted down as I had so her pussy was also in total view. As she was looking in her purse, I walked over to her and asked if she had cash.
When she looked up, she was looking directly at my pussy. She took her hands from her purse, put them on my ass and pulled my pussy into her face. She kissed my pussy and then licked it once like an ice cream cone. She looked at Monika and said, "Sometimes you can't resist."
Monika looked at us and said, "I know."
Janet got two $20 bills and we walked over to her, both of us standing very close to her in the open door way. Janet said, "I hope we are not making you too unfordable. My husband gave us a dare to flash the pizza delivery man. After we saw it was you, I wanted him to answer the door but he was concerned that you would call the police."
Monika said, "I never thought I would be flashed by a female. Having a man answer the door in the nude would be a turn on if he were attractive. I don't mind you two at all because you are both incredible and hot enough to turn on a bishop."
Janet said, "In that case, let me get Mike"
While we were waiting for Janet and Mike, I said, "Monika, I see that your nipples are like supersized gum drops, are you getting excited"
Monika said, "Very and I should go before I embarrass myself."
At that moment, Janet walked in holding Mike's hand. She must have sucked his cocked because he was totally erect and his cocked pointed up at a 45 degree angle.
Monika looked at them and said, "Oh my, is he for real?"
Janet took Monika's right hand and put it around Mike's cock and started stroking Mike's cock with Monika's hand. Janet said, "Monika, this is Mike. Mike this is Monika."
Janet then took Monika's left hand and put in my pussy, forcing two of her fingers into my pussy and started to finger fuck me with Monika's fingers. Janet said, "Monika, this is Linda, Linda, this is Monika."
Janet then stepped around and behind Monika. She put her arms around Monika and started to massage her breasts while putting butterfly kisses on her neck. Mike then leaned down and started kissing Monika on the lips. As Monika started to respond, Janet reached under Monika's tee shirt, unhooked her bra, and pulled the shirt and bra up to Monika's armpits. As pressure was applied she raised her arms so Janet could pull her clothes over her head. Monika's hands went immediately back to my pussy and Mike's cock. Janet then opened Monika's jeans and panties and pulled them down to her ankles so she could step out of them.
As Monika's body was exposed, we saw yet another magnificent body. Her breasts had to be the size of cantaloupes with very large aureoles and nipples. She was about 5' tall and skinny. She was not buff like Lisa was but just very slim. Her pussy was not shaved but her hair was like corn silk so her pussy was visible. Overall a pretty awesome looking young lady.
I believe Janet is aroused by being in control. Not the control associated with bondage and domination but control by making someone lose all their inhibitions and that is where she had Monika now. Janet reached around Monika with her right hand and started rubbing Monika's clit and with her left hand started to finger fuck her.
When Monika started a continuous low purring, I knew exactly what Janet was doing because she had done it to me. She was working Monika's pussy with three fingers of her right hand. She had her index and ring fingers rubbing alongside and squeezing Monika's clit while applying a firm circular motion on her clit with her middle finger. She took her left hand with her palm facing toward her right hand, inserted two or three fingers into Monika's pussy. She curled her fingers so they went around her pelvic bone and applied a frim circular motion on Monika's G spot. The results are incredibly intense almost to the point of going past pleasure to something else.
After only a few only a few minutes, Monika still held on to me and Mike but her hand didn't move. He moved in and started sucking her very large nipples. Mike was like a vacuum sucking her right nipple and I was nibbling on her left one. She reached up and pressed our heads closer to her tits.
With every erogenous zone in her body being intensely stimulated, it wasn't much longer until started frantic undulation of her hips and heavy breathing. Finally she screamed and her entire body started to shake. Then suddenly went limp, leaned against Janet and slide to her knees.
Janet and Mike had a large mirror on the wall near the door. Janet asked me to lie on the floor so I could see her in the mirror. After I was on the floor she laid Monika between my legs with her face on my pussy. She raised Monika's ass in the air and motioned for Mike to kneel behind Monika. In the mirror I could see she took Mike's cock and started rubbing the large head of his cock up and down Monika's pussy.
Monika was finally coming around to reality. She started to push against Mike's cock but just the very tip of his cock was going into her pussy. At the same time she looked over my pussy, between my breasts and smiled. She licked from the bottom of my pussy up the slit to my clit. Then she sucked my blood engorged pussy lips into her mouth. While she was sucking my lips she rubbed her tongue over everything she had in her mouth. The sensation was maddening.
Meanwhile, Janet was spreading Monika's pussy with one hand and trying to push Mike into her. When the head finally slipped into Monika's pussy she let out a loud gasp. Janet started to pull the head of Mike's cock out of her pussy, rub it along her slit from clit to anus and then insert his cock head and repeat the process. Every time Janet pulled Mike's cock head out of her pussy, Monika would push back trying to keep the cock head in her. Since she had stopped paying attention to my pussy, I reached down and pulled Monika's mouth back onto it.
When Janet felt Monika's pussy stop resisting, she started to ease him in inch by inch. Monika again stopped paying attention to my pussy and started to say, "So big" over and over again.
This went on until she finally pushed about nine inches of Mike's cock in when Monika finally said, "I can't take anymore."
Janet said, "Sure you can, push back."
When she didn't, Mike grabbed Monika's hip and eased the rest of his cock into her pussy. He then just kept his cock in her and rotated his hips so his cock rotated in Monika. When he felt she was finally stretched enough, he slowly pulled his cock out until the head of his cock rested against her pussy and then slowly inserted his pulled length. He kept slow fucking her. Meanwhile Janet was slowly rubbing the skin between her pussy and anus and applying a light pressure to her anus with her right hand while rubbing her clit with her left hand. Again, Monika started to breathe heavily and make continuous purring sound until she finally started her violet bucking and screamed having another powerful orgasm.
Mike never stopped fucking Monika as she had her orgasm. Now he started to ram his cock into her and at the same time Janet inserted her finger into Monika's anus alternating insertions with Mike. Monika started to push back as Mike pushed in, saying, "Harder, please fuck me harder."
Just then I heard a male voice, "Monika, what is going on?"
I looked up and saw a Hispanic man standing in the doorway taking in the scene in front of him. K
I said, "I don't know who you are but I need a cock in me."
I went over to him on my knees, opened his pants, pulled them down and sucked his cock into my mouth. When I felt him starting to get hard, I told him to lie down. When he was on the floor, I pulled is pants and underwear off, squatted over his cock and inserted it into my pussy. His cock was not very log or fat so it wasn't what I really wanted but it was a cock. I pulled his T shirt over his head and took it off so he was fully nude. I pushed down until was I sitting on his stomach and just started to rotate while rubbing my clit. I leaned forward and stuck a nipple in his mouth while still riding his cock hard.
I heard Monika have another screaming orgasm, and yell, "Shot your cum in me."
After which I heard Mike grunt and Monika say, "Yessss, so nice."
Finally I could take no more and as I was cumming I felt him shot his cum in me. I got of the guy and looked around. Monika was lying on her back with in a daze with her legs spread and Mike's cum oozing out of her pussy. Both her pussy and nipple were red and swollen. Janet was cleaning Mike's cock of the combined mixture of his cum and Monika's pussy.
The guy looked at Monika and again said, "Monika, what is going on?
This brought Monika out of her stupor. She looked at the guy and said, "James, what are you doing here?"
He looked at Monika and said, "But that guy was just screwing you!"
Monika replied, "Yes and you are standing there with no clothes on and a limp dick with Linda's juice all over it so it doesn't matter."
Monika reached down and spread her red swollen pussy lips and said, "Come here James."
When he started to fuck her, she said, "This isn't working, I need more. Roll on your back."
He did and she squatted over his cock, reached down and stuck his cock in her. As she tried to ride him, James' cock kept slipping out of her. She finally slid down between his legs and started sucking his cock.
She stuck her ass in the air and said, "Mike please do me again."
As Mike was getting ready to ram his monster again, Janet squatted over James' face and put her pussy over his mouth.
At that point, I realized how late it was and went to the car and got dressed.
Bill had car pooled with another guy from the lab and I was going to pick him up at the Quk Trip on Hwy 54 in Jonesboro. He was waiting for me when I got there. I pulled up and got out so he could drive. As he passed me, he looked at me and smiled. When we got back in the car, he said, "You absolutely reek of sex. What have you been up to?"
As we were driving back to Fayetteville, I started telling him what happened. He told me to take off my dress and jokingly said he might let me put it on when we got to the restaurant,
I told him I didn't want to go to the restaurant and I wasn't interested in sex. What I needed was for him to take me home and make long slow love to me.
He looked at me, and said, "I can do that."
The next day, I called Janet and we made plans for the weekend, which we never got the chance to do chance to do the day before. Janet also said that she had invited Monika and James.
Saturday finally came and the four of us (me, Bill, Janet, and Mike) were getting ready for our little get together with Lisa and Curt. We were of course all nude, with Janet and me focused inside while the guys were outside. We had made up two batches of marguerites, one with the normal ingredients and one with some Everclear added. We were in the kitchen cutting up some vegetable, fruit and cheese looking out the kitchen window watching the guys working with some free weights when the doorbell rang. Janet said, "You better answer it."
I opened the door nude and said wearing high heel sandals. Lisa was wearing a cute wrap bathing suit cover up and Curt was wearing cargo shorts and a Hawaiian shirt. Curt did have great eyes and a dazzling smile that were spoiled by his letting himself go. I said, "Hi Lisa," and gave her hug and kissed her on the neck.
I looked at curt, whose eyes were as big as silver dollars looking at my nude body, and said, "You must be Curt. I have heard a lot about you and am very pleased to meet you." I went and gave him a hug while pressing my tits hard into his chest and my pussy against his groin, wrapping my right leg around his and kissing him on the lips.
I broke the kiss and disconnected and said, "Follow me and I will introduce you to out hostess."
When we entered the kitchen, Janet was over putting some glasses in the dishwasher giving us a marvelous of her Brazilian waxed pussy. I said, "Janet, quit showing off and meet Lisa and Curt."
Janet turned around, hugged the both and said, "I am very happy that you could come this afternoon."
Lisa said, "Curt, put your eyeballs back in your head before Janet's nipples blind you and your tongue back in your mouth before Linda's snapping pussy gets."
We all laughed while Curt just stared and didn't say a word.
Lisa came over to the sink and said, "Can I help?"
When she looked out the window, she said, "Oh my, am I seeing what I think I am seeing?"
Janet said, "Do you mean those two guys working out?"
Lisa, "No, I mean those two incredible male specimens with bodies to die for."
I said, "They are ours but today they are available to women whose names start with "L" to make fantasies come true. The one with the little cock is Bill and the one with the bigger cock is Mike."
Lisa said, "I don't see any small cocks. I see a big cock and an incredible cock. And, oh by the way, my name begins with L."
Janet said, "Let's get some drinks. We'll go out meet the boys and get some sun."
We went out just as the guys were showering in the outdoor shower. Bill had just finished and was drying off while Mike was under the shower and soaping up. He had washed his hair and had soap suds all over his body. He was just in the process of soaping his balls and cock when we walked out. As all men do, they can't wash their cocks without stroking it and Mike's cock was responding to the attention. When he saw the two of us with Lisa and Curt, he started moving toward a full erection.
We introduced Lisa and Curt to Bill and Mike. Since Bill was dry, he came over and shook Curt's hand and gave Lisa a hug. When she reached up and put her arms around Bill's neck he slid his hands down her back until he was cupping both her ass cheeks. He pulled her into his cock and said, "it is great seeing you again and I hope to see more."
By that time Mike was dry and said, "Hey, break it up. It is my turn now."
Bill let Lisa go and Mike took his place and repeated the process with his cock sliding down between Lisa's legs. Mike didn't just cup Lisa's ass but slid his hands under her bikini to pull her into his cock.
Lisa said, "OK Mike, you can break it up as well. Give the poor girl a chance to get to know everyone."
We moved over to the lounge chairs, put them roughly in a circle, and sat down and started to get to know one another. We had several more marguerites with Lisa and Curt getting the special mixture. Lisa was mesmerized by the two big cocks facing her.
After several drinks, Mike rolled over on his stomach and asked Janet to put suntan lotion on him. Janet went over and started to put lotion on his back. She looked at Lisa and said, "I could use a little help here."
Lisa went over and knelt next to Mike and started to put lotion on Mike's legs. As she worked on his legs, Mike opened them so that his balls and cock were just inches from Lisa's hands. When she got near Mike's ass, she looked at Janet. Janet said, "Don't stop now, I don't want his bottom to get burned."
With that Lisa started to massage Mike's ass occasionally slipping down to touch his balls and cock.
After a while, Janet said, "OK, Mike roll over."
When he did, his cock was semi hard and laying on his stomach. Janet looked at Lisa and said, "Why don't you start at the top this time?"
Lisa moved up and started to massage lotion on Mike muscled chest. She worked her way down to his stomach, avoiding his cock. Lisa looked at her and said, "Don't let the most important part burn. Put some lotion on that cock."
Lisa took no more urging. She put lotion on both her hands and took hold of Mike's cock. Even semi hard her hand didn't reach entirely around his cock. With both hands at the base of his cock, there was more cock exposed than covered by her hands. As she touched his cock it grew to its full size. Lisa looked at it and said, "This is unreal. Janet, you area fortunate woman."
I looked at the crotch of Lisa's white bikini and saw that it was soaked with her arousal. I said to Janet, "It looks like you got her were you want her."
Janet followed my eyes and nodded. She came over behind Lisa and untied the top and bottom of Lisa's bikini. She was so focused on Mike's magnificent cock, I am not sure she was even aware of it. Janet reached around Lisa and started to massage Lisa's breasts. Lisa closed her eyes and sighed. Janet continued to work on Lisa's breasts and started to pinch and pull her nipples.
Lisa was clearly enjoying the attention but went back to work on Mike. She stroked his cock from base to tip with her eyes focused on his cock. She leaned forward and started to kiss and lick his cock and balls.
While this was going on, I reached over and started to stroke Bill's cock with one hand. With the other hand I reach over and started to rub Curt's thigh, working my way up the leg of his bathing suit. When I felt his cock get hard, I grabbed it and started to stroke him as well.
I said, "You know Curt that really big cock is going to be inside Lisa several times today and you wanted it to happen. I hope you also considered the law of unintended consequences. You never know how a woman is going to react when she has a cock that big completely filling her and stretching her pussy bigger than it has ever been stretched. Feeling that cock battering her cervix and trying to pull her clit inside her pussy. Some women just enjoy the experience, but some women become addicted and are always on the hunt for a bigger cock." Then I told him about Monika and her fetish for Mike's cock.
Janet reached down with one hand to stroke Lisa's pussy. Janet said, "Linda, look at this."
I looked over and saw that Lisa's pussy was not just wet but that she was actually dripping a steady stream of pussy juice to the patio between her legs.
Janet said, "Mike you better get up so that we can get some lotion on Lisa before she burns."
Mike started to get up and slide his cock from Lisa's mouth. As he got up from the lounge chair, Janet eased Lisa onto the chair. Lisa seemed to almost be in a daze. Mike and Janet each took one of Lisa's feet and started to give her a foot massage while Bill started to massage her shoulders. Mike and Janet put lotion on their hands and started to work their way up her legs. Bill moved down and started to work on Lisa's tits. As Mike and Janet got closer to Lisa's pussy she started to breathe heavily and to make a low moaning sound. They worked their way until they were applying a circular pressure at the juncture of her legs and body. Bill was taking turns sucking on Lisa's nipples.
Finally Mike and Janet slipped their thumbs into Lisa's pussy. Now they started to pull her pussy open with the circular pressure continuing but on the inside of her pussy. Lisa's pussy was actually frothing by this time. Bill leaned over so that he could rub Lisa's clit and slip two fingers into her. In the process, Bill's cock was rubbing Lisa's face until she took hold of it and started to suck it.
Bill managed to get a third finger in Lisa and was rubbing her clit and surrounding area with his palm. This was all Lisa could take because she began bucking her hips and screamed. As she did a stream of fluid shoot out of her pussy, covering Mike and Janet's arms.
As she was recovering, Janet slid her closer to the end of the lounge chair and spread her legs so her pussy was available for Mike. Mike put a towel down on the patio and knelt next to Lisa's pussy. Janet took Mike's cock and started to rub the head of it along Lisa's pussy. When it was obvious that Lisa was pushing against his cock, she started to put the head into her pussy. Once she was able to get the head in easily, she would pull it out and push it in, going a little deeper each time.
When Janet had about ten inches in Lisa, Lisa said, "I never knew I could be so full."
I got up and straddled the end of Curt's chair so my pussy was gaping open and shiny. I reached up and pulled Curt's bathing suit down. Curt had a nice cock, not as big as Bill's, but still a nice size. Of course the image was ruined because of all the hair and his belly bulge. I reached down to my pussy and scoped up some liquid which I spread over his cock and started to stroke him. I scooted up closer and took his hand and put it on my pussy.
I said, 'Well Curt, she is getting what you wanted her to get. Did you ever thing a cock that big would fit into your wife's pussy? Do you realize this cock I have in my hand will be the only cock here that won't be inside a pussy today?"
Janet said, "Just wait Lisa, we aren't done yet."
Mike pushed all his cock into her and Lisa exclaimed, "Oh god, please fuck me hard. Make it go deeper."
Mike was pounding her hard. As he did, Janet applied pressure to her anus and finally had a finger in her. She reached between Lisa and Mike with her other hand and rubbed Lisa's clit. Lisa stared to rock her hips and had her next orgasm. This one was more powerful and a massive amount fluid again hot out around Mike's cock. Lisa had several violent spasms and then went limp. Mike kept slowly fucking her while her hips seemed to involuntarily rock back and forth.
Lisa's eyes opened. With sleepy eyes and a very satisfied look on her face, Lisa said, "OK Mike now it is my turn."
With that, she flexed her incredible abdominal muscles and clamped down with her pussy.
Mike got a surprised look on his face and said, "I have never felt anything like this before. My entire cock feels like it is being squeezed. "
When he tried to pull out of Lisa you could actually see his cock start to stretch. When he pulled all the way out she must have clamped her pussy again because Mike could get his cock head in. She let up so he could slide in and out but she must have kept the pressure on his cock because he said, "I have never felt anything this tight. I am not going to last much longer."
After a few more stokes, he pushed in and stayed there grunted and bucked every time he shoot a load of cum in Lisa's pussy. Mike collapsed on Lisa and said, "I have never felt anything like that before."
Mike got off of Lisa and sat on the lounge chair next to Janet. Lisa just laid there with her legs spread as Mike left them with her pussy covered in liquid. She looked at me stroking Curt's cock and said, "Are you enjoying yourself? I hope so and the best is yet to come."
Lisa got up and came over to Bill who was sitting next to me with chair back of his lounge chair at about a 30 degree angle. She straddled his chair sat on his half hard cock. She slowly rocked her hips sliding her slippery pussy up and down Bill's cock. As she was rubbing his chest and then leaned, closed her eyes and kissed him on the lips. She broke the kiss still looking him in the eyes and said, "Bill, you are an extremely attractive man. You are handsome, in shape, well build with a cock that is not too big and not too small -just right. I could fall into those gorgeous hazel eyes and never come out"
She put her around his neck rubbing her breasts against his chest and started kissing him. It was obvious she had her tongue in his mouth. Still passionately kissing him, she reached down and positioned Bill's cock so that she could slide onto it.
When she had him in her all the, instead of riding him cowboy style, she slide up and down his body. I could tell that she was doing the same thing to Bill that she had done to Mike because you could see his cock stretching as she slide up and see her pussy lips dragging long his cock. As she was sliding up and down his cock she broke the kiss and said, "God, it is like a piece of steel. You feel even better in my pussy than you did in my mouth."
She started kissing his neck and chest. She reached down and started to rub her clit and continued to slide up and down his cock and body. She put her other arm around his neck and started to passionately kiss him again. At this point, I realized that she was not just fucking Bill but making was really making love to him. For the first time in a long time, I started to feel a pang of jealousy. She was doing what only I am supposed to be doing.
She said, "I am getting close, will you please trade places?"
Bill started to ease her up when she said, "Please don't take your cock out of me. Just stand up."
As Bill stood up, Lisa wrapped her arms and legs around Bill and clamped her pussy down on Bill's cock. He stood up with her clinging to him and his cock still deep inside of her. He turned around at the foot of the lounge and knelt down so that he could set Lisa on the chair. She lay on her back and pulled Bill down on top of her and started to passionately kiss him.
Bill stared to really fuck her hard. He pulled all the way our and ram into her. She broke the kiss and said, "That feels so good. Fuck me hard and deep."
Janet brought her lounge chair over and put it next to the chair where Bill was hammering Lisa. She got Curt by the hand and led him over to the chair she had just moved. She had him lay down so his cock was next the Lisa's head. Then she squatted over Curt's face and laid down on him. She started to suck Curt's cock and rubbed her pussy on Curt's face until he was licking her pussy.
I looked over at Bill and Lisa, and saw Bill push off of Lisa so that they were separated except for Bill's cock which he was now using to give long, deep slow strokes. Lisa smiled, opened her eyes so she was looking into Bill's eyes. She reached down with her right hand and started to rub her clit. With her other she started to massage Bill's balls. After few minutes she started to rock her hips. Still looking Bill in the eyes, Lisa said, "I really want you to cum with me and I am getting close."
Bill replied, "If that is what you want."
Lisa moved her hand from Bill's balls and used both hands on her pussy. She started rubbing her clit hard and fast. She moaned, "Now, now, now now," and tightened her leg hold on Bill's ass. Bill rammed into her and stayed there. Lisa went very quiet and every muscle in her body seemed to cramp up. I saw Bill thrusting with every shoot of cum. Lisa flushed a deep red from her tits to her forehead and there were tears leaking from the corner of her eyes. She continued cling to Bill and started to kiss him again.
When her body finally relaxed, she broke the kiss but continued to hold him. I saw her whisper something in Bill's ear and then took her arms and legs from around Bill. Bill got him and when he pulled out of Lisa; her pussy was a sloppy mess with liquid leaking out of her.
Janet looked at Lisa and said, "It is you turn. Trade places with me."
Lisa too Janet's place and stared to suck Curt's cock. When she put her pussy over Curt's face, she was leaking a fluid over Curt's face. When licking her pussy, he was licking a combination of her pussy juice and cum from Mike and Bill.
Janet said, "Mike, Lisa's pussy is empty. Come over here."
Janet took hold of Mike's cock and put it in Lisa's pussy. Lisa said, "That must be Mike's pussy plug. Bill just made me feel like a woman in love. Make me feel like a slut and fuck me hard and deep."
As Mike started to ram his cock into Lisa, his balls were dragging fluid across Curt's face. There was no way that Curt's tongue was not catching part of Curt's cock as well. With the all the stimulation of Lisa's clamping on to his cock and Curt's tongue licking the underside of Mike's cock, It didn't take Mike long to dump another load into Lisa's pussy.
Lisa said, "Curt, lick my pussy and make me cum." Then she started to deep throat Curt.
Suddenly Lisa started to quiver and then growled and shot a steam of fluid out of her pussy and shoved her hips onto Curt's face. This must have sent Curt over the edge because he thrust his cock into Lisa's mouth and grunted. Lisa couldn't swallow all his cum because some escaped and ran down his cock.
Lisa got up and rotated until she was lying on top of Curt and stated to kiss him. She took her tongue from Curt's mouth and kicked the combined fluids from Curt' face. When she was done, she French kissed him again and said. "I love you and want to thank you for the exciting and sexually satisfying day of my life. You made me aware of a side of myself I never knew existed"
With that she got up, took Curt's hand and went into the pool. Janet went in for more drinks. After bringing the drinks out, we sat around talking. I asked Mike what Lisa whispered into his ear.
Mike looked embarrassed and said, "She said I am her dream lover and I can have her anytime I want to."
Janet looked at me and said, "A very interest woman. We need to get to know here better."
Our conversation was interrupted when Bill said, "Oh my look at those tits!"
I looked over and saw a naked Monika and James walking toward us with Monika's massive tis swaying and James's erect cock keeping time with her tits. Monika said, "Hi y'all. Sorry we are late."
The rest of the afternoon is for another time.