Readers, thank you for your comments on my previous stories. I really enjoy reading them, the different perspectives, the notes about my characters and their lives and adventures. Even when you relate a similar experience from your own life. It's truly a thrill that you take the time to write me a few lines, a long essay, a critique or encouragement. This new story is fantasy, like the others, with a theme and twist I hope you find refreshing. All participants are OVER 18. This is chapter 1, chapter 2 in this story line will be from Ben's point of view, a new perspective I think. Enjoy.
Joe's Story: Our Son's Friend
Inspired by: "Friend from College" by SimonBlue
"Turn the car around!" Ian, our son, cried out: Back to that airport!"
We had just picked his best friend from college, Ben up for a two-week vacation and "last summer together" party, at our place. the boys had both been accepted into the officer corps and were scheduled to start training in the fall, a few weeks away. Ian put his phone on speaker and Ben leaned in close:
"..Student has severe covid and his spot in the early class has opened up, if you can get to class by 8am Monday, you can start in his place..." the message continued. It was Sunday afternoon, a red-eye flight would just get him there in time. I made a U-Turn and we sped back to the airport, my wife Nellie searching for any available tickets to the Kansas training facility. Ben and Ian traded high fives and Ben promised Ian to FedEx his his clothes and necessities. These two boys were inseparable since high school, and they worked together as well as team mates in various sports as they did as friends.
At the airport, Ben ran to catch the last flight out, barely time to goodbye, but promising to tell us everything as soon as as he could, Ben put on a brave face, they had planned on starting training together, but there was only one slot opened. After Ian disappeared down the loading ramp, Ben turned to us and said "Well, I might as well go home, with Ian gone. Nellie put her arm around his waist and said "Nonsense! We had a great summer planned for all of us, you are family!" and walked him back to our car, doing her best to lift his spirits. We both knew Ben had a rough family life, and we always made every effort to welcome him into our home as a son.
Ben and Ian were best friends since high school, they were the best players on every team they joined, always pushing each other and in competition with each other, but it never got ugly, they were a team within a team, and led the squad to state, and regional championships.
They were both accepted into ROTC officer training, and had just returned from boot camp, we thought we had a few weeks while waiting for officer training to start up, again as a pair, but seeing they were separated was a significant blow.
"You don't need to sit home alone for the last part of summer, when you could stay with us!" I assured him. "I could sure use the help, Nellie would love to have you stay." I said, as we got back to the car.
"Well...I mean, if you are sure Mom, I mean, Mrs. Nellie would be cool with it," Ben replied. Ben used to joke that Nellie and I were his surrogate parents, to the point of calling us "Mom and Dad" as a kind of an endearing nickname.
"Oh yeah of course, she loves you like a son!" I grinned, glad to have the company myself. I had planned out our "last summer" father/son activities, and while this was an amazing opportunity for Ian, was glad we could salvage it for Ben. With Ian gone, we were empty nesters, not really looking forward to it.
Boot camp had honed the boys into young men, Ben had lost the boyish aspects of his face, his square jaw was more pronounced, his face more angular, and both boys had packed on muscle, losing the tall, gangling basketball-player look and really presenting themselves well, fit and sharp.
"Are you still single, Ben? Any news on the girlfriend front?" Nellie asked.
Ben blushed, "Yeah, haven't found that perfect girl yet, not a lot of women at boot camp!" he replied. Ben had this low, rumbling voice, even as a child, and now it was even lower and more, visceral. He missed his calling as a voice-over artist.
"You are such a ladies man in high school, between you and Ian there were no girls left for the other boys!" my wife said. I thought that was a little personal, especially for her, but I let it pass.
Once home, Nellie insisted Ben stay in Ian's room (not the guest room over the garage) and stripped the bed to wash the sheets for him. I opened a bottle of wine and we listed to Ben's stories of boot camp, the women he met on base (and off!) and other thing he and Ian did while away. He really was like a son, a brother to Ian. Nellie pressed him for his dating history, what girls he met and details, almost making him uncomfortable, until I felt I needed to step in and save the boy.
By that time, there were a couple of empty bottles laying around, and Nellie's questions were getting even too personal for my comfort. "OK, I think its time we hit the sack," I said, and gently escorted my slightly drunk wife to bed. She had definitely had enough to drink to lower her inhibitions and the conversation was starting to get into dangerous waters. We left for the master bedroom, careful to not fall on each other. Nellie was unusually affectionate, her hands roaming my body and we kissed while we walked like it was prom night. Once inside the door, I stripped off my clothes quickly and helped her get naked too, down to her panties, and has just jumped int bed when the dryer alarm when off. "Shit" she said, "I'll be right back, I'll just drop off the clean sheets, Ben can make his own bed."
My wife pulled back the covers and got out of bed, grabbing just a thin cotton robe quickly. I said "That's not very modest!" What would Ben think?
"I'm not gonna get all dressed up again just to go drop off his sheets, I'm sure he's seen his mom in her underwear before, and she's older than I am!" she said.
"Fine with me, if you give that kid a thrill!" I replied somewhat frustrated. I hoped she'd hurry back. I wasn't sure how much time had passed, but it felt like a while before wife returning to our bedroom. She quietly closed the door and slipped into bed. The minute she slid her leg over me, climbing on top of my once-hard cock. She pulled off her rode, exposing her nice, firm tits, getting me back to fighting form in no time. She pulled her panties aside and helped guide me into her soaking wet pussy.
"You are dripping wet, what got into you?" I asked, curious but very turned on.
"Do you want to talk? Now? I'm just really fucking horny baby, fuck me, I need to ride your cock, now!" she commanded.
She started sliding up and down, her tight, wet pussy slipping up and down my dick, her breasts bouncing in the soft light, her breath desperate and ragged. She leaned forward and I kiss her, briefly, before she cried out: "Fuck me, harder, fuck me, fill me up." After a few minutes, I felt her body tense and shiver as she came on my cock, much faster than she usually does. Her orgasm was an incredible turn-on for me, always was, and rapidly pushed me over the edge. I felt my gut spasm and I came, filling her sloppy pussy with hot sticky cum. She was sweaty, flushed and satisfied, and slid off me and back into her usual spot, snuggling under my arm, panting like a puppy.
"Wow, Nell, what was that all about?" I asked, certainly not complaining. As I mentioned before, our sex life was good and she was no prude, but she rarely just attacked me like this, even after a few glasses of wine.
"I saw Ben jacking off. I heard the shower running so I guessed the bedroom was empty, and opened the bedroom door to drop off the sheets, then as I was leaving I heard a sound, and peeked into his bathroom."
I was stunned. I said, without thinking "You peeped on him, in the shower? He's Ian's age, we practically raised him!" To me, it was a serious taboo. Nellie shushed me, and said "He's a gown man, for goodness, not a boy anymore. Do you want to hear the rest?"
I said, "Go on...".
"He was facing away, I saw his right arm pumping away, then he turned and I could see him stroking a very hard erection under the shower, I knew I should turn away.." she said, drifting off into the memory.
"But I was frozen, watching him stroke his big, hard cock with that muscular arm, and pump his powerful hips." she said, grinding her hips into me, almost involuntarily.
I felt my own cock start to get harder.
She continued: "After a moment, I reached into my panties and started to masturbate along with him, I couldn't help myself!" She said.
"Then, he tensed up, every muscle in his body tight and flexed, and he came!" she said, almost in a dream state. Her pussy was grinding against my thigh ever more vigorously. I was fully hard now. She reached her hand over to my hard cock and started to stroked it in time with her grinding hips.
"Just then, I saw his cock get crazy hard and he started to shoot ropes and ropes of thick white cum over the shower door, more and more, he kept shooting!"
"Before I knew it, I came too!" she whispered, mounting me again. "It was so hot!" she said. "Should I be worried?" I Asked, in honest concern for our marriage.
"What?" she said, incredulously. "No! Honey, I'm a nurse, I've seen more penis' than you have, and in fact watched grown men orgasm and ejaculate from a prostate exam. And, I raised sons, (and washed his sheets and underwear!) so believe me when I say it was pretty clinical."
"Yea, but this time you said you came while watching him?" I asked, incredulous.
"Yea, I did" she admitted, grinning. Then feeling that my harness had returned, she grinned and got on top of me again.
She rode my cock until we both came again, then we fell asleep in each others arms.
The next day was surprisingly normal; Nellie made breakfast, Ben helped around the farm, we mailed Ian's clothes and personals out, and then we shot sheet, played frizbee golf, then a little fishing before returning to the house near sundown for dinner.
After dinner, Ian called and we talked about his first day, Ben was enthralled and peppered Ian with questions. Then, feeling the wariness of a long day, we all drifted off to bed.
Nellie and I lay side by side, I was slowly drifting off, when I hear the soft sound of water flowing and knew Ben was taking his shower. Nellie seemed to get restless and fidgety, so I feigned sleep and a few minutes later felt her slip out of bed.
A counted to 100 then silently followed her, I knew where she was going.
I followed her, undetected, to our son's room, the shower was still running. I saw her stop, there was a note on the door! She read it, then pushed the door open and went inside. I read the note, it said "Come in Mom".
I stood outside the door, hidden in the shadows of the soft interior light. I heard Ben say "I knew you would be back." The shower turned off, I could hear my own breathing in the silence.
I heard Nellie say, softly "You knew I would be back, what?" feigning ignorance.
Ben replied "I saw you last night in Ben's shaving mirror, that's why I turned around, so you could see everything."
Nellie spoke "It didn't bother you, to be watched?"
Ben continued, in that low, calm voice: "I've had the hots for you since I first saw you, now it was gratifying to learn that you were interested in me, too."
Nellie, evidently attempting some last vestige of matronly control, said "I'm..I'm not.. NOT interested in you! I mean, like that!"
Ben shrugged, and said, softly "Then, leave."
Nellie, taking offense, said "This is my house, you can't order me..." But, neither Ben nor I believed her.
I chanced a glance around the doorway, still in the shadows. Ben was naked, standing in the bathroom doorway, slowly stroking his hard cock. Nellie was standing by the bed, not moving, but not leaving, either. Just watching this stud flex and stroke his cock for her.
Nellie said "Ben, stop that, you really shouldn't"
Ben continued, saying "It helps me sleep."
Nellie's arm moved, and I could tell she was masturbating herself, her eyes locked onto Ben's throbbing cock as he stroked it.
Ben sat back on a low stool Ian kept in the bathroom, and spread his legs. His large balls swung up and down in time with his strokes. He closed his eyes and leaned his head back, lost in the feeling rising up in his cock. I realized my own cock was rock hard, I tugged my briefs down and let it swing free.
Nellie was starting to shake, her balance wavered. She must be close, I thought, and wondered if she would actually let this stud, almost a son to us, watch her reach orgasm. Suddenly, she jolted, and almost fell. She stopped fingering herself long enough to drop her robe, breasts bared, standing almost nude in front of Ben, her panties must have been soaked by now. Her legs seemed to shake and she dropped to her knees, her head between Ben's legs. She took his cock into her hand, and resumed stroking it. He smiled and said "I've dreamed about this since I was a kid."
Nellie kept up her stroking and said, in her best nurse voice "This is just to help you sleep, young man!"
I could tell he was getting close, his pre cum dripped freely from the mushroom head of his cock as she stroked up and down his hard, slick, shiny shaft. After a while, she switched hands, and I gasped as she licked the frothy cream from her fingers. Ben started to buck his hips into her fist gently, and moaned "I'm so close!"
Then it happened. She took his cock into her mouth.
Ben was sitting on the stool, nude, his knees spread wide open. My wife of 21 years was kneeling between his legs, in only her panties, with her lips stretched wet glistening head of my son's friends cock. She was eagerly bobbing her head up and down as far onto his slick shaft as she could. Her left hand was wrapped around his youthful meat, guiding it into her mouth. Her right hand was not immediately visible but after a few seconds I could tell she had it slipped into the waistband of her panties, furiously rubbing her clit while she slobbered over his cock.
I was shocked. At first. In truth, when we met in college, we were both pretty wild, sex parties were not unusual. It seemed that the last 20 years of family and parenting was the exception, not the rule. Watching her, I got a flashback of college, spring break at the beach, no knowing or caring where I stuck my dick. I was also hard as a fucking rock. My sweet, devoted wife, always eager and happy to please me, love of my life, down on her knees like a party slut, servicing young Ben. As a father figure to Ben, I was kind of impressed. Isn't that odd? Also for some reason I wasn't all jealous now either. In fact, I was turned on! In the dim light I could see my wife's tongue flick out and lick up the slimy pre-cum from the fat head of his cock, face flushed from what was probably her second or third self-induced orgasm from her busy fingers, I instead found myself stroking my own cock.
"Mom, I mean, Nellie, I love the way you suck my cock, Joe is so lucky," Ben moaned, by the shaking in his legs I could tell his own orgasm was almost here. I could see her double her efforts even with her mouth already full of hard young cock, and look up at him with lust.
"I'm getting close, close to pumping a huge load of cum!" he whispered to her. "Where should I shoot it?" She looked around, as if to find a towel or rag or something, then shrugged.
"Cum in my mouth! Yes!" She said, then quickly returned her mouth to his pole.
After a few more seconds of her eager sucking, he placed both of his big hands on the back of her head and guided her about halfway down his shaft, and held her in place there, moaning quietly, then grunting and pumping spurt after spurt of hot fresh batter into the back of her mouth and throat. He grunted "Ugh, Oh, Yea.... That's it, so good!"
She swallowed and coughed, tried desperately to swallow it as fast as it was coming out, some of it spilled out the corners of her mouth and dripped down his cock shaft. As soon as he finished, she took one last big swallow, and immediately licked his cock, balls and stomach clean.
"Think you can get to sleep OK now, Ben?" she smirked up at him, pulling her slippery fingers out of her panties and standing up. "I've got to get back upstairs or Joe is going to notice I'm gone."
"I'll sleep like a baby, Nellie, that was fucking great." he replied.
I quickly tucked my cock back into my boxers and crept as quickly and quietly as I could back into our bedroom and under the covers. I rolled over just as she walked in, and pretended to be asleep. Just as she did the night before, she slipped under the covers, slipped off her panties, and climbed on top of me. Just like the night before, she was soaking wet, and immediately began bouncing on top of my already extremely hard cock.
"Hey baby, wow, horny again, two nights in a row?" I said, pretending to be arousing from sleep.
"I guess so, please just fuck me, I need your cock in my pussy baby, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" she panted.
She leaned over and hung her tits over my mouth, and I greedily sucked them, nibbling on her nipples. I moved to kiss her, putting my hands on either side of her face and held it in front of my so I could kiss her deeply. I pressed my lips to hers, and slipped my tongue in her mouth. I could instantly taste a different, tangy and salty flavor, and she sort of froze and stopped her movements on top of me. I didn't slow down though, and kept kissing her, and after her brief pause she kissed me with abandon, and resumed sliding her wet little snatch up and down my cock. I continued kissing her deeply and, because of what I had started in the hallway, couldn't hold out for long, and after a few minutes was cumming as deeply in her pussy as I possibly could.
She rolled off me, both of us out of breath, both of us satisfied. After catching my breath and cooling off a bit, I looked over at her and asked, "Did you go look in on Ben again?"
"Yes" she replied, quietly.
"Is he all good?" I asked.
"He is now" she replied. I stayed silent, wondering what she was going to say next.
My wife just sucked another man's cock, in my house. And I caught her. And it was the hottest, sexiest thing I've ever seen. And then she came upstairs and fucked my brains out. And I kissed her, and could taste him in her mouth. Would she try to hide it? Was she ashamed? She obviously lost control of her own lust, would she even admit it?
"I saw Ben jacking his cock again." she said, at last.
She turned to me, nestled close to my body, and put her hand around my semi-hard cock, still wet and sticky from our recent activity. She started to stroke, gently.
"He caught me, but instead of trying to hide, he sat down and stroked it for me, even inviting me to watch him." She told me, dreamily.
"What did you do? I asked, my cock growing harder.
"I started to finger my clit, in time with his strokes, I dropped my robe (accidentally, of course) and let him see my tits. When I saw him start to cum, his muscled body flexing, his cock swelling..." She hesitated for a moment. Her stokes on my cock became more intense, I could feel my second orgasm rising up.
"And..." I managed to say, my breath coming in gasps and my legs shaking..
"I did this!" she whispered, passionately, then got up on all fours and swallowed my cock to the balls. She then pulled off, slowly, and sucked one ball, then the other one into her wet mouth. Then, licking from my balls to the tip of my cock, she took the entire thing down her throat again. She repeated it until I lost control and blasted my hot spunk into her mouth. She swallowed eagerly and pumped my cock over and over again until I was spent.
Nellie giggled. She snuggled up against me, lazily, and kissed me on the mouth. "Nellie, that was fucking great!" I said.
"Ben though so too." she said.
"But, you sucked another man's cock?" I asked, the post-orgasm clarity bringing me back to reality.
"No, you make is sound so sexual. He didn't fuck me, after all. This pussy belongs to you, and only you" She assured me. "I simply helped a young patient masturbate so he could sleep, and then, I didn't want that sticky cum all over my clean robe, so I..improvised. It was all very clinical." she said.
But, neither of us were convinced.
I got very little sleep that night. I lay in bed, mind racing, thinking about what had happened. My loving, sweet wife had snuck into my son's room, in my own home, and given his college buddy a blowjob. And swallowed his cum. And then come back upstairs and fucked my brains out. And I had watched it happen!
I wasn't sure exactly how I felt about everything. I mean, I was playing it cool, but was it? I should have been angry, sure, and a little hurt, I guess. But I was also surprisingly turned on by the thought of my wife having this side to her, this dirty, slutty, impulsive and risky side. Was this the first time something like this had happened? Was she going to do more? Why hadn't I said anything, and instead just watched it happen? And I certainly couldn't complain about the sex for the last two nights, it was wild, passionate and exhilarating. Nellie, my wife, seemed to be perfectly at ease with this turn of events.
The next day Ben and I spent most of it doing yard work and jobs around the house. Ben and I caught fish and cooked the over a fire for lunch, We all had dinner together again, and the evening passed uneventfully. No one brought up the elephant in the room, no one wanted to trigger any drama. It's as if it never happened. Ben was his same, respectful self, Nellie paid him no extra attention. We drove into town and watched a minor league baseball game together, and then on returning home, late, Nellie and I told Ben we were heading up to bed. We went through our normal evening routine yet again, reading quietly next to each other. My eyes were on my book but I couldn't concentrate on the words on the page. Was she going to go suck his cock again tonight? I lay next to my wife, slowly drifting off, when we heard the shower in Ben's room. Nellie said "I'm going to go make sure Ben has everything he needs, be back soon," and grabbed a hair band from her nightstand, putting her hair up in a ponytail as she slid out of bed.
I grunted a response, as if it was perfectly normal. But my heart was racing.
I sat there, in the darkness of our bedroom, on the cool sheets of our marital bed, and waited for my wife to return. 25 long minutes passed, and I heard her quietly walking up the stairs and creeping towards our room. As she opened the door and entered, heading for our master bathroom, I flicked on the bedside lamp. She looked at me, apparently a little surprised that I was still awake. In the illumination of the lamp, I could see that she was flushed, sweaty, and had a shiny, sticky fluid around her lips and on her chin.
"What took you so long down there?" I asked, still not sure if it really happened again.
"Oh I think you know." She said, matter of factually.
"Tell me." I insisted.
"Well, Ben was there, in Ian's room, still wet from the shower, naked. Hard. His cock was standing out straight, and bobbed when he walked."
I could tell she was still extremely turned on from what she had just done in our son's room, to his young friend, presumably expecting that she was going to come back upstairs and get fucked by her loving husband, a repeat of the last two nights.
"Are you...sure you want to hear about it?"
"Yes, baby, I do," I replied. She paused, took a deep breath, and sat next to me on the bed.
"He asked me if I liked it, sucking his cock, and I honestly can't remember what I said. Then he is telling me that normally he has to jack off in the shower before going to sleep each night, but if I wanted, I could...help him again. Joe, I don't know what I was thinking, but I just kept looking at that young, hard cock and...I walked over, knelt down, and started stroking it. He said I was so beautiful, on my knees, looking up at him. His cock was so hot, so hard, he started leaking pre-cum almost immediately. He smiled, and closed his eyes as I jacked him, first with one hand and then eventually with both wrapped around his shaft, for about five minutes. Then he sort of signed at me, told me "It's going to take long time for me to to cum just from your hand, Nellie." I said "that's all your getting, young man!" but I felt his hot cock throb in my hands, and a tiny quirt of precum shot out, landing on my cheek, I used my fingers to wipe it up, then I tasted it."
Ben smiled, and said "That's my girl." Those words sent a shiver down my spine. I wanted to please him. "
"I looked at the slick, swollen head of his penis, slimy trail of precum leaking down the underside of his cock, and...I bent forward, opened my lips wide and slid my mouth down over it. I sucked, and licked, and in few minutes I could feel him tense up and he...he came in my mouth. And I swallowed it again. (she closed her eyes, as if savoring it again) I loved sucking his cock, and the taste of his young cum, there's so much of it! I stood up, told him good night, and rushed back to you, my husband. I was so fucking horny, I AM so fucking horny! I couldn't wait to get back into our bed, I need you to fuck me so badly!"
"Wow...I honestly can't believe that this is my wife doing and saying these things." I said, honestly. "I know, but you seemed so turned on by it, I though you wanted me to keep going!" she admitted.
"I could have stopped this last night and I didn't, and I'm still not sure why, but watching you...be like this, watching this side of you. It was...exciting. I didn't know it existed, and I was turned on by it. But as long as you can assure me you're in control, that I won't lose my wife to this, "fling"?" I asked
"Yes, yes, yes, I promise, I love you so much!" she practically shouted, kissing my cheeks and face and mouth over and over, seemingly forgetting that she still had Ben's jizz on her chin.
"I love you, Nellie."
"I love you, Joe!" she said. She mounted me and we fucked like animals in heat, rough, passionate lovemaking as if we were in college again, and then with me still inside her, fell asleep in each others arms.
The next day, I woke up feeling relaxed, oddly enough, and well rested. Again, no one said a word about the night before, and no one acted any different, it was spooky, in a way. Ben took a motorcycle to go exploring, but made it back in around 8pm. "I'm exhausted, I grabbed something to eat in town." He said. "If its OK with you two, I'm gonna have an early night."
"Sure thing, Ben," I replied, and Nellie and I decided that we would give him some peace and quiet and head to bed a little early ourselves. We laid in bed, reading and enjoying the time alone. After about an hour, I started to notice that Nellie was becoming more and more restless next to me. She kept rolling over, side to side, adjusting her position. After about 20 minutes of this, she finally found a position she liked, and resumed reading her book.
"Do you want to fool around?" I asked, rolling towards her and placing my hand on her breast, squeezing it gently through her t-shirt. I gently squeezed her nipple which was already hard from her self-ministrations.
"No, no, maybe not tonight, sorry, I was just...edgy for some reason," she replied.
"OK," I said, honestly disappointed, rolling back over and returning to my book. A few more minutes passed, and again I noticed her being restless, rubbing her thighs together, not able to get comfortable.
"You...you want to go back to him, don't you?" I said, signing with defeat.
"What? No! I'm just a little restless!" she quickly replied.
"Nellie...you have been squirming around over there for the last 45 minutes. I know something is up."
She looked at me, paused, and sighed. "Joe, you're right. I've been lying here thinking about...his cock. I can't help it! It just...it unlocked something in me. It flipped some kind of erotic switch in my brain. I've been thinking about it, how hard it gets, how it tastes, how he squirms when I suck him."
"Nellie...if you really want to, if you can swear to me that it isn't romantic, or emotional, that you don't have feelings for Ben...If you want to, you know.. Go suck his cock." Those were words I never thought I'd head myself say. I waited for an answer.
She lay very quiet, very still, for what seemed like eternity. Eventually, she turned to me, and said, "Are you...are you sure? You won't be angry, or hurt? I can't deny that I just really, really want to go to him and..." she couldn't finish the sentence, but looked at me expectantly.
"And suck his cock?" I finished for her.
She looked at me solemnly, and slowly nodded her head.
"Nellie...I'm not going get laid until you get back, am I?" Then, feeling bad for my dumb comment, said "I guess. Enjoy yourself. But...come back up to me after. You are still my wife!"
She beamed at me, wrapped her arms around my neck and gave me a big, deep kiss.
"Oh thank you Joe, thank you for being so understanding. I promise. I will come right back up here and give you anything you want, I will fuck you silly!" she said.
I smiled at her and despite the insanity of the situation, I couldn't help but chuckle at her schoolgirl-like glee at the prospect of getting my permission to go off and service the hard cock of my son's childhood buddy.
She slid out of bed and bolted to the door and out into the hallway, not even bothering to grab her robe. I lay in bed, patiently awaiting her return, knowing that her pussy would be soaking wet and ready to go for me when she returned, and still not entirely sure exactly what I was getting myself into.
The rest of the week, we settled into this new routine, something I couldn't ever have imagined happening. Each day, we would go about our lives as normal, Ben and I going on about our day, Nellie taking care of the house, cooking, and every night, after we went to bed, my loving, adoring wife would walk to my son's room where she would get on her knees and service the thick, hard cock of my son's childhood friend. Then she would return to our room, and proceed to fuck my brains out. It was a bizarre arrangement, I'll grant you that, but I honestly haven't seen her happier in a long time. I was certainly enjoying it, but that nagging feeling that her arousal was not triggered by me, but Ben, haunted my dreams.
As the week went on, she started becoming more brazen and relaxed about the whole thing, presumably as she began to come to terms with the idea that I wasn't angry, and was accepting of the situation. The first few nights she returned as usual, a little flushed and sweaty, pussy soaking through her panties, and ready to go. On Wednesday night, she came to bed with what was obviously a significant amount of cum on her lips, chin and neck. When I asked her about this, she smiled bashfully and said, "Ben wanted to cum on my face tonight...I could feel every powerful pulse through his shaft, and see every hot jet of white cream as it hit my face! It was so hot!" It was hard for me to think of a reason to object when I didn't seem to have a problem with her swallowing his creamy spunk the previous nights, so I didn't say anything. But, this was a new development, he sent her back to me with plain evidence, on her face, of her sexual infidelity. As if she was wearing his shirt, or had his name written on her ass.
And then next few nights she was routinely coming back to bed with her face plastered with Ben's jizz. She was at first hesitant to kiss me or get her face too close to mine until she washed, but soon she became a little aggressive, kissing me as soon as she returned, and I didn't resist, frequently tasting his slick salty cum on my wife's sexy face. "Ben loved learning that you kiss me with a face full of his cum! It gets him so hard!" I didn't like that he knew I knew, but I guess that's better than if he thought he was sneaking around behind my back. Funny how things work out.
As always she would start telling me details while she was riding my cock or I was on top of her, pounding her pussy. She would look into my eyes and recount for me what she had just finished doing.
"Its so fucking hard, Joe, I can't wait to get my lips around it. And its so hard, and hot, and he has these smooth balls too. We don't even really talk much anymore, he just steps out of the shower when I walk over there, hard and ready. But I just...I love pleasing it, sucking it, licking it. He...tells me I do a good job, and it makes my pussy so wet. He calls me his hot sexy cock sucker, can you believe it? I can't help but rub my little clitty while I'm blowing him, and tonight I came twice just from that. And his cum...there's so much!. It makes me feel like such a dirty little college slut again."
"You are a dirty little slut!" I said as I pounded her pussy harder, feeling my own orgasm approaching rapidly.
'Cum in me, cum in my pussy honey, I want to have two loads in me right now, from my two different men; one in my mouth and one in my cunt! Fuck me! Fuck me hard!" she panted.
That was enough to put me over the edge and I felt a surge after surge of hot semen filled the tight, juicy pussy of my sweet wife. She purred contentedly and rolled off, and quickly drifted off to sleep. I had to admit that we've never had hotter sex, and whatever my wife was getting from my gifted young man downstairs, I was reaping the rewards.
The next morning, I woke up a little before my alarm, and noticed that Nellie wasn't in bed next to me. This was unusual as our typical morning routine, she was already up and out of bed? I listened but couldn't hear any noise, so I quietly got out of bed and went to look for her. As I walked into the living room, I found who I was looking for...my wife, in a similar position to the night I had watched them, except in our living room, on our couch, down on her knees, mouth full of Ben's cock. This was a new and unexpected advancement in our arrangement, and I wasn't sure exactly how I felt about it. It seemed much more private and respectful in the bedroom. But here? My living room, not the bedroom, and brazenly right in front of me. Not discrete, or subtle, but almost daring me to challenge the hold he had on my wife.
I watched her for a minute or two, silently, and then cleared my throat to let them know I was in the room. She immediately stopped, plopped his dick out of her mouth, and looked up at me.
"Oh, hey baby, sorry, I woke up early and couldn't get back to sleep. I came downstairs and Ben was already up. Are you...OK if I finish him?" Even as she talked to me, she kept stroking him.
This was a pivotal turning point for this developing situation, as until now Ben was fairly discrete about my wife's nightly excursions. But he was brazen now! Was this getting to be too much? Should I put a stop to this? Why was my cock getting so fucking hard?
"Ummm...yeah?" I awkwardly replied.
"Mmmm, thanks!" my wife cheerfully replied and resumed lavishing Ben's cock with her tongue, licking up the seeping pre-cum that had dripped down his shaft while we were talking. She was showing off for me.
Ben turned his head around to look at me, winked, and he placed his hand on the back of my wife's head, slowly pushing her down, feeding his cock into her throat. She opened her lips wide and glided her mouth about halfway down the shaft. She made some quiet whimpering, gagging noises, as he gently fucked her throat. She then pulled back and started rapidly bobbing her head up and down on the fat, pink knob, eager to continue pleasing him.
I knew I shouldn't be watching, but I couldn't look away, she was so turned on, so lustful, so alive, on her knees servicing a young stud, completely a sexual creature. So beautiful. So erotic.
"Where you do you want my hot cum today, my sweet little cock sucker?" he said, I could hear him from the kitchen.
"Anywhere you want, Ben, just fucking give it to me, I want it, I need your hot fucking cream, cum for me!" I heard by quiet, reserved wife reply lustily, using language I've never heard her use before and didn't even think she ever would. I felt myself getting hard.
"OK, on your face then, your slut face?" Ben said, pulling her head back by the hair, grabbing his cock with his hand and pumping 5 or 6 large, creamy loads across my wife's forehead, cheeks and lips. She moaned with ecstasy, savoring the warm, wet load.
I was kind of shocked back into reality when I realized he'd ejaculated, and I watched him, painting my wife with cum like a prize. I got up and made coffee in the kitchen and started sipped the hot aromatic brew, when my wife walked up behind me and gave me a hug. I turned and saw her, grinning from ear to ear, her face still smeared in his jizz. I've never seen a nastier, sluttier sight, and she looked pleased with herself as she showed off her cum covered face to me. She was practically bouncing, as if she'd won a free t-shirt at the monster truck rally. She licked her lips and drew in a few splatters of Ben's hot, dripping semen, grinning and saying "Mmmm, so hot and fresh!"
In the span of one week, my wife had gone from guilty voyeurism and clinical "It's nothing I haven't seen as a nurse." to sucking that boy's cock right in front of me and joking about wearing his semen, and even eating his cum. How far was this going to go? Was this getting out of hand?
"So...it isn't just "help him sleep"?" I asked her plaintively.
"Sorry honey, I just woke up early, and Ben was awake, almost naked, and already hard!" she said, with a guilty smile.
"No, no, its fine I guess, just was a little surprised."
"Thank you, thank you, I love you so much Joe!" she said and gave me a big, sticky, cum-splattered kiss. I couldn't help but taste his hot semen literally covering her entire face, and the taste was not that unpleasant, but I didn't like that she kissed me, covered in his fresh cum, while he watched us.
"Thanks for the coffee," Ben said, walking into the kitchen and grabbing a cup, still nude, his softening but still impressive cock dangling as he walked, dripping cum still. He was in great physical shape and obviously was comfortable with his body and being nude walking around my house, at least now he was.
Having my wife sneak off and suck his cock was one thing I'd come to accept (I know how that sounds, believe me) but doing it in front of me, giving her a facial wile I watched, and walking around nude, just seemed arrogant, almost disrespectful. It was getting worse, and I wondered if the wild fucking I was getting from Nell in return, was worth it?
That morning, Ben again took the motorcycle out again and I was busy around the yard until late. After dinner, We were watching some TV, the room lights were dim, and I was kind of dozing off in the shadow of the TV, when I saw some movement out of the corner of my eye. I carefully turned and looked, and Nellie had removed her shirt, standing topless while Ben, unbuttoned her jeans. Then, she slipped them off, and modeled her lacy panties for Ben. As I watched this, she then got down on her knees between Ben's legs and started unbuckling his belt. Was she really going to blow him again, with me sitting right here? Apparently she was, as he lifted up his ass, allowing her to pull his pants and underwear down, and allowing his already hard tool to pop up, and bounce a little. She giggled at that, and wrapped her delicate hand around his rigid pole, stroking slowly. After a moment she slid her other hand into the waistband of her panties and started furiously rubbing her clit.
"I've been thinking about this all day, Ben" she said in a sultry, husky tone.
"Ha, I'm sure you have you hot little cum slut," he said in his low, rumbly voice, grinning down at her. He turned to look at me, almost like a dare, and then turned his attention to Nell. I just watched for a moment, then turned my head back to the show as if it was nothing, but my cock was getting hard. He held his cosk n one hand, her head by the hair in the other, and teased her with his cock head; brishing her lips and dragging it away from her greedy mouth, making her beg to suck it. "Do you want to suck my cock, you pathetic slut?" he taunted. "Yes, please?!? Can I suck you? Please?" She'd reply, "It's so big, and tasty! Please give me your cock!"
Finally, I listened to the rhythmic sucking, slurping noises that my wife was making, the sexy little moans and sighs involuntarily coming from her as she pistoned her face on the young man's slick cock. After a few minutes of this, I heard her let out a little squeal as she had apparently brought herself to her first orgasm while servicing his hot young meat. A few minutes later, I turned to look when I heard Ben tell her he was getting close.
"You want this nut, Nellie? Are you a good girl, do you deserve a treat?" he taunted her.
'Mmhfmfmmmhmm" she agreed around a throbbing mouthful of his rigid pole.
"Do you want to show Joe what a good little cocksucker you are? Make him proud? Are you gonna swallow every drop of cum?"
"Mmmm mm" she moaned as she brought herself to another orgasm, her hand almost vibrating in her soaked panties, I could hear the wet squishing sounds her pussy was making, from where I sat. She was trembling and shaking with desire as ropes of saliva were sagging from her mouth and coating the base of Ben's cock, dribbling onto his smooth balls.
"Take it all, show your husband how good you swallow, here it comes you little slut," he said, loud enough for me to hear, tensing up and preparing to unload in her mouth.
I never talked to Nellie like that, never needed to degrade her, or humiliate her, by calling her a slut, or whore, or cocksucker. She never acted so subservient, so wanton, with me. But, not only was I aware that she was acting the slut for my sake, she seemed to get off on the abuse from Ben, drawing energy from it, I made a mental note for the future.
Ben bucked his hips off the couch as his orgasm hit. Nellie's cheeks began to puff out as she struggled to gulp the creamy load down, trying her best to hold it all in her mouth and not waste a sticky drop. He pulled out as she was gulping and the last few squirts hit her in the face, marking her publicly as a wanton, slutty cock sucker. He finally finished shooting, and she made a big final swallow. She looked over at me, beaming with pride, face red and sweaty, dripping with cum, and then she stood, grabbed me by the hand and said, "Take me, I need you to fuck me, I need a cock in my hot cunt, NOW!"
I didn't need to be told twice, and so I got up and quickly followed her. As we walked towards the bedroom, I heard Ben say, "You're welcome, dad!" from his spot on the couch.
I followed her to our room, and she immediately slipped off her panties and climbed onto the bed on all fours.
"Fuck me, pound my tight little pussy, Joe, make me cum again, fill me up, I want you so bad!"
I tore off my clothes and got on the bed behind her, slamming my cock into her already very well lubricated slit. As I pounded her from behind, I could hear my balls wetly slapping against her clit, and I felt her reach her hand underneath her and start strumming away at it, all the while begging me to fuck her harder. After a few minutes of this, she removed her hand from her button, and slipped two wet fingers into her mouth, sliding them in and out and moaning in a muffled tone while I drove my cock into her cunt.
"I'm gonna cum, Nellie, here it comes," I grunted, and she replied with a moan around the fingers in her mouth. I felt my balls tighten, and I unloaded as best I could, filling her with my cum, feeling her pussy clench down on my dick. I rolled off her and flopped down on the bed, exhausted, and she snuggled up to me contentedly. We fucked for a long time, over and over, she was insatiable, and she kept me hard. It was a sexual marathon, we only stopped to get a bite and a drink from the kitchen, then got right back on it, until late. It was one for the record books.
"That was great, baby, thank you so much," she said, smiling.
"I love you honey," I replied, and closed my eyes.
I woke up the next morning, my mind was busy with questions, doubts, a general unease. Nellie was sleeping peacefully next to me, the early morning rays falling across her midsection. I rolled gently out of bed so as not to wake her, and went to the bathroom, brushing my teeth, shaving and taking a quick shower. I got dressed and walked to the kitchen, making myself a cup of coffee and a bagel. Ben was just getting up as well, and he sat across from me at the kitchen counter.
"Hey man, do you, uh...do you wanna talk about this?" he asked me.
I looked at him, took a drink of my coffee.
"Talk about what?" I asked. Feigning nonchalance.
"You, watching your wife blow me." he said, as if we were talking sports scores.
"Yeah, well, she seems to like it, and she's aroused like crazy, and our sex lives are better than ever. It's fucked up, truly, but it's working, and no one seems to be getting hurt. " I said, as casually as I cold muster.
"That's so great to hear, man, I'm glad you are guys are enjoying each other, I'm glad its sparked something for you both. You know I can hear you fuck, right? Sound carries in this house, Ian and I have been jacking off to the sounds of you guys fucking when ever I stayed over. But, Nell blowing me? My head is spinning, because...I never thought it would happen to me, in real life, but I'm enjoying the hell out of it!"
"Yeah, no shit "man"!" I thought. "Sleepovers, huh? Both Ian and you?"I shook my head, in disbelief.
"Oh yeah, and sorry for the salty language but she seems to get off on it, you know? Even in my fantasies, I never dreamed she was such a trampy little cocksucker."
I stared at him. "Understand me, Ben: In the heat of passion, that kind of language might give her some..enhancement or thrill, since sex is by-and-large a mental game. But, she's my wife, you don't refer to her that way in my presence, or to anyone outside this house." I stopped, and sipped my coffee. I think that was the first time Ben was aware of any limits, any boundaries. He stopped, and thought for a moment.
"I understand" Ben said, seriously. Now, we had rules.
"When did you learn, that I knew, and allowed, what you were doing with my wife?" I asked, out of genuine interest.
He took a deep breath. "I never intended to do anything behind your back." he said. "But, it's funny how you find yourself in that situation."
"Joe" he started, "That first night she came to my room (Ian's room), I certainly wasn't looking to get her naked, or trying to put the moves on her or anything like that, it was all just sort of an accident, but.."
I interrupted: "An accident, where you know you're heading for a cliff, but you refuse to hit the brakes. You're both adults, you knew what you were doing." taking another sip. This guy was blowing a load all over my wife, daily. I was tolerating it, for her, but I didn't have to like it.
"Joe, she's so hot, and I was honest when I said I was infatuated with her as a passionate woman. When the opportunity was literally in my hands, I mean, how could I turn that down? And then I was feeling guilty, and two nights later I asked her about it, and she just smiled at me, said you were tuned on by it, she was taking care of you, and then we got down to business!" he explained, as if that made it OK.
"Yeah, that's what I told her." I said, honestly. "It kind of blindsided me, but like I said, no one is getting hurt."
"Oh sure, man, your wife can suck my cock forever!" he said, a little recklessly.
"Is that right, Ben?" I head my wife say over my shoulder, smiling as she walked into the kitchen to join us. "Were you boys in here talking about me? My ears were burning."
She was wearing only one of my old concert t-shirts, over-sized on her, those perky nipples distinctly visible as her beautiful breasts bounced with each step, and when she reached up and leaned into the cupboard to grab a cup for herself, her shirt rode up and you could see her smooth, soft pussy lips, still somewhat red and glistening from last night.
"You seem in a good mood this morning, Nellie," Ben said.
"I sure am, Joe fucked me silly last night, my two men talking over coffee, what more can a wife want?" she said, smiling at the both of us.
"Well...I can think of one thing," Ben grinned, standing up and walking over towards her. He grabbed her wrist gently and guided her small hand down to his underwear, sliding it into the waistband, where I could see her fingers close around his rapidly hardening manhood.
"Mmmmm," she murmured, looking over at me with a mischievous grin. "Joe honey, should I take care of Ben?"
He was getting bolder, but Nellie seemed to like it. "Go for it, babe." I said.
Ben looked at Nellie, and dropped his underwear. Nellie took her shirt off, folded it to a square and placed it on the floor in front of him. Her bare breasts bouncing was she moved.
My wife, then, knelt down in front of him, onto my folded shirt, and pulled her long, red hair back in a ponytail holder she kept on her wrist. She started running her wet little tongue around his fat pink cock head, licking up the small bead of precum that had formed, before opening wide and slowly swallowing as much of his cock as she could. Her left hand reached out and gently massaged his smooth balls, slowly stroking his shaft while she bobbed up and down on his cock, right next to me. They were right next to me, literally, I had the best seat in the house. My cock was rock-hard, and tenting up in my boxers.
She slurped and slobbered on his knob for another minute or so, and then she leaned over and kissed me. My wife has sucked my cock hundreds of times, and every time has been great, watching her talents applied to another man was incredibly erotic, like an out of body experience.
Ben said: "Joe...that is so fucking hot. She is sucking my cock right in front of you! Do you want me to feed you my cum, slut? Do you want me to shoot that hot, gooey load into your mouth? Nellie moaned in heat, and nodded her approval.
"Baby, suck his cock, put it back in your mouth, I want you to suck his cock like hot horny slut!" I said, out loud, somehow wanting to be part of this. She immediately clamped her mouth around his dick, her right hand once again furiously rubbing her clit, and I heard Ben start to breathe heavily, a slight moan escaping her lips. I saw his balls start to tighten as the first rope of his orgasm fired into my wife's waiting, hungry mouth. I saw her cheeks begin to bulge out as she frantically tried to savor and swallow as much of his creamy load as she could. Her own orgasm hit her, and she began to tremble and moan as she gulped it down. There was too much, however, and some of it started to leak from the corners of her mouth and run down her chin.
As his release subsided, I looked at her, and she looked at me, her expression pure bliss. She licked her lips and took my hand. My head was spinning.
I could barely concentrate but simply nodded, and followed her to the bedroom. We fucked until almost lunchtime. This time it was slow, loving, and when I reached orgasm it was explosive! My head was spinning, I may have passed out briefly. Nell seemed exhausted, too. We took a little nap together, waking up in time for lunch, but I didn't want the intimacy to end. I closed my eyes again, and snuggled closer to her. Nellie got out of bed, and whispered: "Joe honey, you can go to sleep if you want, I'm gonna get a glass of water and then I'm gonna..." she paused, looking at me and smirking, "suck that young, hard cock again!"
I chuckled a little, agreeing that I was a bit tired. "OK baby, enjoy yourself, but I'll wait up for you, then we'll grab a shower and dinner?"
"Mmmhmmm" she replied, heading down to the kitchen to find Ben.
I lay there, thinking back on this crazy couple of weeks, replaying in my mind what had happened this morning, the transformation that was going on with my wife...and with me. It felt like I had been laying there a long time, drifting in and out of sleep, and when I checked the clock by the bed, I noticed that it had been almost an hour. What was taking her so long?
Just then I heard footsteps in the hallway, and my wife quietly walked back into the bedroom, her face red and flushed as was becoming the norm after her sexy adventures. As she walked towards the bed, I noticed that, in contrast to the last several nights, she didn't appear to have any cum on her lips or face.
"Took you a while to get him off huh? Losing your touch? And I guess you must have swallowed him this time, eh?" I said, poking fun at what was almost mundane anymore.
She shyly looked down and slowly shook her head. I was a little confused. She clearly didn't take it on her face, and she was telling me she didn't swallow it. It seemed very unlikely that after what I had seen, heard about and been apart of, that she would have spit it out, or made him cum on a towel or something.
"Did he finish on your tits?" I asked, my suspicions beginning to rise. Again she shook her head.
"So...what happened?" I asked, sitting up now, and looking right at her.
She timidly reached down to the hem of her t-shirt, and lifted it slowly. I could see her pussy with its sparse landing strip of hair, and from a few feet away, it was obvious how red and swollen it was. Matted in the hair and smeared across her lips was pearly, sticky cum.
"Nellie...you let him fuck you?" I said, in real shock.
"I know baby," she replied, "and that was what I intended, but I went to him, and I was sucking him, and after I had already sucked him this morning, he was taking forever, and he told me he just didn't think he was going to be able to cum from my mouth. I...I told him that was all we could do, and he said he understood, but...baby, I was...so fucking wet and horny baby, and you were sleeping, and he looked so frustrated, and his big cock harder than ever, so hot and thick and..."
"So you let him fuck you?" I repeated.
She nodded.
"Bareback? He came in you?"
She nodded.
"I'm so sorry baby, I'm so sorry, wasn't thinking straight!" she started to silently sob, her shoulders shaking. I was annoyed, to say the least.
"That pussy belongs to my husband, and only my husband" I quoted her, from when this started. I was feeling angry, but at myself, I mean, of course she fucked him, it was inevitable. I felt foolish, angry. Used.
"I know baby." She said, her voice cracking.
"Did you cum?" I asked. She nodded. I just realized this was the first time Ben must have seen her cum from fucking. The other times, she was masturbating, and of course he was occupied feeding her his dick.
"Am I going to lose you?" I asked, almost afraid to hear the answer. I held my breath.
She shook her head. "No, Never." she said quietly, but with conviction. I exhaled.
I stared at her for what seemed like forever, frozen there standing next to me, her shirt still lifted up, her messy, recently-fucked snatch a few feet away. My wife, who one week ago had never done anything wilder than doggy style, had just fucked another man, in my living room, while she knew I was waiting. But she looked so vulnerable standing there, and I loved her so much. After a few minutes, I grabbed her by the hand.
"Nell...let me see," I said to her.
She looked puzzled, shooing me a quizzical glance, but obeyed. She sniffed, dropped her shirt, and got up into bed next to me. I pulled down the covers, and gently spread her legs. She immediately dropped a hand to cover her cheating cunt, but I slowly moved her hand out of the way.
"Let me see." I repeated.
I looked down at her, and could see a slowly trickle of jizz sliding out of her cunt, slowly dripping down over her asshole and onto our sheets. Her lips were red and puffy, and her hole was gaping slightly.
"Jesus..." I muttered, "He really fucked the shit out of you didn't he?" She nodded.
"Yes, Joe. He fucked me so hard, so wild, no holding back at all. I thought he was going to pound me into the floor," she replied, starting to realize that her story was turning me on, and that was her salvation.
"What did you do?" I asked, taking my left hand and gently rubbing her swollen clit, and with my right hand grasping my hardening cock poking out the front of my boxers.
"Well, my jaw was getting sore, so I pulled off, and sat back on my heels. He was sitting there, on the couch, with his wet, hard cock sticking up, I was so horny, so worked up, I just wanted him to cum, so I could return to you and get my pussy pounded, and so I just...I stood up, slipped off my soaked panties, and climbed on top of him. I straddled him and slowly, slowly eased myself onto his cock. His cock head just pushed against me, and I thought for a minute that Ben would push me away, but baby I was hot, my pussy soaking wet, so I held him close and slowly it pushed into me, and I lowered myself until he was fully in me. Then I started riding him."
"Fuck baby, did it feel good?" I asked, slipping two fingers into her stretched out vagina, feeling it squish and squelch, curling my fingers up to find her g-spot, encouraging her to continue her story.
"Oh my god, Joe, it was amazing, it was pain and pleasure at the same time, I've never felt anything like it. He's so young and strong, he fucked my like a wild man! I rode him hard, and I came on his cock over and over!" she said, starting now to writhe a little bit underneath me, panting as I continued fingering her.
"Then he lifted me off and plopped me down on the couch on my hands and knees, and he got behind me and he started pounding me from behind, slamming that cock as far into me as he could, bottoming out each time, and his big juicy balls slapping into my clit. I can't believe you couldn't hear me moaning and panting, begging him to fuck me harder!"
I was in shock, her story shook me to the core, I never knew she could be so, sexual, so depraved. I was falling in love with her allover gain. She continued:
"His nuts were slapping into my clit, it was like a double fuck, I started to get dizzy, my body was shaking with orgasm, it hit me like a lightning bolt, like I was a helpless rag doll! Then, Ben came, shooting hot powerful spurts of cum deep inside me! I felt them, each one, like a hot fist pounding my cervix. I was light headed, almost dizzy, It was all I could bear! I think my orgasm lasted until I passed out. Ben pulled out at last, it felt like I was missing part of my insides. Then he left to to shower, and I was left cold, and quivering, alone."
"You are such an incredible fucking slut, Nellie," I grunted, Ben's slick cum starting to form a froth around my fingers as I fucked her pussy with them.
"I know, baby, I am, I just can't help myself with his hard fucking cock, I just need it, I'm such a slut, But I'm your slut baby, I'm your little hotwife-slut," she panted.
I pulled my fingers out of her, and brought them to her lips. She greedily sucked them into her mouth, slurping up the remains of Ben's explosion and her own juices. I pulled off my boxers, and immediately drove my cock into her well-fucked, stretched out hole.
"Are you going to fuck him again?" I asked.
"If it makes you this hard, I will!" She promised.
"Oh fuck, Joe, fuck me baby, fuck my stretched out pussy, fill me up with even more cum, do you like feeling his cum on your cock?"
"Goddamn, Nellie, it is so fucking hot, fucking your used pussy, feeling his cum on my dick, lubing it up. Are you my little whore, baby? You fucked his big cock, but you came back to me, didn't you?"
"Yes, yes, I'm your whore, I wanted his huge fat dick in my mouth, in my pussy, stretching me out, but I'm yours, but you wanted me to fuck him, right? It got you so hard, so hot! Right? And I will fuck anyone you want me to, just please let me have that big dick some more baby, I can have it still can't I, honey? Please? Don't deny your wife what her whore pussy wants!" she practically begged me, hands reaching around, grabbing my hips, driving me into her deeper and deeper.
"Oh fuck yes, Nellie, you can fuck his big dick, but you are my little slut-wife, always mine, and you know it."
On this last, I tensed up, drove my cock as deep into her as I could, over and over, and came harder than I think I ever have in my entire life. She moaned and shivered with her own little orgasm, and I rolled off her, lying next to her on the bed, sweating and out of breath. After a few minutes catching our breath, she spoke.
"I've never had so much cum in me! Thank you so much for being the best, best, best husband ever!" she said, giving me a big kiss on the cheek.
I watched her get up and go to the bathroom, her legs splashed and dripping with our cum. Despite all that was going through my mind the best fuck of my life had worn me out, and I was asleep before she even came back from the bathroom.
The next morning I woke and Nellie was still snuggling next to me, everything felt right in the world. As I lay there, the memories of the past two weeks intruded on my peace. My wife, Nellie, was taken in and let herself be seduced by a young man who we practically raised alongside our own son. Since his dad left, and his mother was, not very involved, we took him in, made him son and brother. I taught him to play catch, football, how to shave, hot to talk to girls....
Then there was Nellie, my wife of over 21 years. She told me she watched adult Ben jack his cock in the shower, it got me hard and them I fucked her. She told me she sucked his cock, I got hard and then I fucked her.
Ben shot his cum into her married pussy, I got hard...
I'd had more sex in the last two weeks, than the entire year before; hot, passionate, unbridled sex. But, my wife was descending into debauchery and our lives may be changing for ever.
Unable to fall back asleep, and haunted by the thought that this was partially my doing, I softly left our bed and went to take a long, hot shower. I let the steam clear my head, and the fragrant sandalwood soap overwhelm my senses for a few minutes, and just turn my brain off and fall into nothingness.
Just then, Nellie joined me in the shower. She brushed her teeth, I brushed mine. She soaped herself all over, I helped and we washed each other. She leaned back to rinse her air, and I held her lithe athletic body with my strong arms, she was so vulnerable, I was her protector. She was my Eve.
We toweled each other off, I was getting turned on, but Nellie stopped and said "You're going to want to save your strength." She said, with a sly grin.
She took my hand and let me into our bedroom, I looked up and saw that Ben was there, nude, in our bed, his cock already hard. He was laying on the right, Nellie's side, she led me over and sat down on my side, inviting me to join her. Then she slid over next to Ben, making room for me. As I slid I next to my wife, she took my head in her hands and started kissing me, deeply, passionately, my doubts faded as my libido caught fire. Yes, I wanted this. My cock swelled and I moved my hands up to play with her tits, and...
Ben's hands were there, tweaking her nipples and squeezing her firm round breasts. Nellie seemed to be thrilled with four hands on her body, and kissed me with even hotter intensity. She raised her leg up at the knee, and I was aware that Ben was fingering her pussy while she kissed me, she was humping a stranger's hand in our bed, and making out with her own husband. My mind was blown. Then, she twisted around and started to kiss Ben with the same intensity, rolling over and pushing her firm, smooth ass into my crotch. It was my turn to rub her hot, swollen little clit, massaging her own hot female wetness in the folds of her pussy and running tiny circles around her puckered asshole. I realized I was in fact getting her hot while she kissed another man, and it made me dizzy. The entire time she was sucking his cock, she never kissed him, or attempted any other intimate act, he was just a cock to her. Here, though, I felt cheated on for the first time, and by a simple kiss.
As if she read my mind, she turned back to me and continued our kiss from earlier, as if it had not been interrupted. I was quickly distracted, then fully engaged, in kissing her back, my animal brain taking over for me. She slowly got on all fours, her hands on my chest, pinching my nipples and squeezing my pecs. Ben watched as Nellie started to rub her wet snatch over my painfully hard cock, over and over, almost jerking me off with her pussy. He was stoking his own hard cock, and for some reason things felt hotter and more intense just knowing we were totally exposed and uninhibited in front of a stranger. I started to play with her tits again, and I felt her lifting her ass up, one leg on either side of mine. Her tongue pushed deeply into my mouth, snaking around mine and then I felt her gasp, and then I knew that Ben had pushed his hard cock deep into her ready cunt, while her mouth was still locked to mine. "You are so beautiful!" I told her, Ben slamming her so roughly we had to break our kiss.
"Does it feel good slut?" he asked her.
"So good. Oh Oh, Oh, So fucking good."
There was no inhibitions, no restraint, no marital vows left to violate. Her face was inches away from mine while a young bull fucked her married pussy. "Do you like that, slut?" I heard Ben say, Nellie grunted a "yes!", nodding her head, too lost in the moment to form words. "Tell your husband!" Ben commanded. "Yes! I love your fucking cock, Ben! I need to to fuck me hard!"
Ben worked his cock all the way in and out of her, I felt her body rock with each of his powerful thrusts. Very quickly he was slamming the length of his meat deep inside of her, with the moist slap, slap, slap of his balls against her wet pussy sounding like a countdown. Nellie cried out softly with each thrust, and moaned with longing each time he pulled out. She begged him. "Harder Ben! Please. Fuck me harder!" Ben obliged, pounding away at my wanton whore of a wife.
Nellie's orgasm was quickly taking over, her body shook with Ben's lustful pounding. This time she would be cumming on a stranger's cock just inches from her husbands face, no pretense of losing control or accidentally falling on his stiff rod, this time was intentional. Ben continued to pound her as she completely lost control. "Oh my God! Harder, harder! Yes, yes, yes, yes! Please fuck my pussy hard! Oh my God! OH SHIT!!! Yessss!!!" Ben lost his grip on her hips and she fell forward on to my chest, her breath coming in gasps, her mouth twisted into a silent cry, frothy drool.
She wasted no time, but sat up weakly and pushed my painfully hard cock into her wet and freshly fucked cunt. I slipped in her stretched out pussy, easily, and she continued her wild humping ride, grinding her cunt into my cock, desperately. The intensity was overwhelming, she rode my cock as roughly as Ben had fucked her, her eyes rolled back and her hands pulling mine to her bouncing tits. I wasn't going to last long, but I was damn sure going to enjoy it. "That's nice." She sighed as my cock slid into her hot, tight pussy, "Really nice! Honey, I need this so fucking bad!"
Ben circled around and she grabbed his still-hard cock, pulling it roughly towards her face, Ben stepped forward and pushed it into her open mouth. His body was dripping with sweat, I guess he hadn't cum yet, his cock was so hard, he pulled her hair and fucked her mouth while she rode me. "You fucking slut" Ben sneered. Nellie mouthed "Mmm Hmm" as best she could, sucking him deeply and licking her own pussy cum off his shiny slick rod. "How much do you love this dick?" pulled back, teasing her with the tip, rubbing the slimy wetness around her lips.
"It's so big! I love it so much, let me suck you!". She was getting off to being verbally degraded, like a whore. "Please cum in my mouth, Ben! I want you to. I want you to use me." I could tell she was getting closer to cumming again, he pussy tightened, he hips rocking wildly. "Fuck me!, fuck me!" she moaned, She glanced down at me, "Oh god! Look at you fucking me!" she threw her head back and looking at Ben, her eyes wide with lust, said, "I want you to cum inside me, Joe, just shoot your hot cum into my pussy! I want to feel your cock spurting in me!" I was very close, thrusting my cock as deep as possible into my hot, lust-crazed wife.
Just then Ben pulled her head to his groin, burying his cock deep into her throat, I saw his muscular legs tense up and his hips thrust forward, he started to empty his balls into my wife's mouth. As she gagged and coughed on the hot sticky load, my cock slipped out of her soaked cunt and flopped with a wet slap onto my abdomen. Ben held her fast, no longer interested in painting her face with cum to mark her as his conquest, but simply emptying his balls down her throat. After a few spasms, he relaxed, and released her head, Nellie fell away and then curled up next to me, still flat on my back. Ben clumsily sat on the edge of the bed, our marital bed, and lounged back, his chest heaving from the exertion.
Nellie swung her leg over me and to my delight turned herself around. Sliding her legs under my arms, she knelt over me, putting us in a sixty nine position and lowered her hot, fucked and swollen pussy to my face. I grabbed the cheeks of her ass and spread them open staring at not only her beautiful pussy, but her tight little rosebud. Leaning forward I ran my tongue from her hard little clit, down her wet pussy lips, and slipped my tongue into her ass, she responded with a moan and breathless surprise, saying "Oh, Oh! Oh! Yes! You nasty man! Licking my asshole!"
I teased my tongue around her ass, savoring every bit of it. We had never done this before and the way Nellie was squirming and moaning told me I'd be asked to do a lot more of it. As I pushed my tongue into her puckered hole, she leaned forward, laying across me and letting her head rest on my thigh. I could feel her hot breath on my cock as she reached over and sucked my balls into her mouth, one at a time. Her pussy was dripping on my chin, I moved her hips slightly and slid my tongue through the soft folds of her moist, tender flesh.
"Oh, yeah," she cooed, "That's it honey, lick that pussy! Suck on that hard clit and make me cum again!" She took my cock into her hand and was slowly stroking it in time with my tongue on her clit. Then, slowly, she engulfed the sticky head of my cock and started to lick it clean of our combined cum.
I hadn't cum yet, but for some reason I felt this feeling of calm, and unhurried arousal. I fell into an old habit I guess, and wanted to demonstrate to Ben what a husband does to please his wife. The animal lust and wild fucking was great, no argument, but in the long term, the goal was a symphony orchestra playing a full concert, not just a drum solo from a four-piece punk group.
She moaned softly as I worked my tongue through her pussy then gasped when my tongue circled her clit. I eased back, swirling my tongue slowly through her pussy, before thrusting it inside her. Nellie purred as I moved my tongue within her, lapping up her sweet pussy. She was moving her hips, sliding her pussy along my face and moaned, "Don't tease, baby, suck that clit and make me cum!" But I was in no hurry. To encourage me, she started working my cock in earnest, and I knew then what made her irresistible to Ben, her talented tongue, tight lips, and now he was showing real skills in pushing my cock head deep into her throat. This was almost heaven. Just as I felt her start to reach orgasm, I pulled away and quickly mounted her, pulling her leg up over my shoulder and pinning her down, slipping my cock past her wet pussy lips and deep into her cunt. Nellie gasped, and shuddered, exclaiming "Fuck! Your cock is in me so deep!", and I think she came just then, but I wasn't even started yet.
I began fucking her with long hard strokes that caused her to bury her face in my chest and cry out with each thrust. I grabbing her long hair, tugged on it roughly as I continued to hammer away at her incredible pussy. Nellie moaned and began working her hips back into me, sending my cock deeper and harder into her hot cunt.
I moved my hands to her ass, spreading her cheeks wider, enjoying the sight of my long glistening cock sliding in and out of her sopping wet slit. Nellie was moaning and whimpering as I fucked her harder and faster. I had thought about trying to take my time, but fucking her like this was driving me wild and losing control, I kept going harder and faster.
I heard a grunt and looked up to see Ben stroking his cock, this time not just an idle tug, but in earnest as he watched me plunge my cock in and out of my wife, in our own bed.
Nellie looked over but didn't seem to mind. Squealing involuntarily, and slamming her hips back into me so hard I could feel my soaked balls slapping against her pussy and tight little asshole. Turning her head she moaned, "That's it! Fuck me! Fuck me the way you used to! Take my pussy, make it yours! Ohhh, yes!" She started to cum and that pushed me over the edge. I pulled back for one final thrust, and Nellie, a the beginning of a mind-blowing orgasm, said "Nooo! Don't pull out. You feel amazing. Keep fucking me, pleaseee!!" I realized that I did not want to stop this and was getting off on watching Nellie cum like a slut in front of Ben. To be honest, I am not sure I could've stopped it if I wanted to.
I was totally out of control, and finally slammed my cock deep into her, exploding finally with sweet release, I felt my groin muscles pump and pump hot sticky cum into her, over and over again. Nellie literally screamed and came, digging her nails into my back (painfully!) as she tried to pull my entire body into her cunt. I can't say we both didn't pass out, but I found myself lying next to her, her head snuggled on my chest. We were both panting, and covered in sweat.
Ben was still stroking his cock, but has slowed down, and was watching us intently. As Nellie recovered, she rolled over and took Ben into her mouth again, licking the sticky precum off his hard rod, sucking and nuzzling his smooth balls. I watched in fascination for a few minutes, until Ben rose up and positioned himself between Nellie's willing legs. I was stunned she could keep going, but moved out of the way and proped myself up with a few pillows to watch the show.
Nellie wrapped her long, fit legs around Ben's muscular torso, and said "Start slow, baby." He pushed his cock past her glistening, wet pussy lips, and sank it deep in her, making her gasp and cry out briefly. "Slow! Slow, make it last!" she told him. Ben started with slow, deep strokes, his shiny rod splitting her cunt like a drill, my cum squished out on the sides with each thrust.
Ben continued to do what Nellie asked. He kept fucking her slowly, never speeding up, never slowing down, to two body shaking orgasms as she writhed and made passionate, wordless and guttural screams. "Oh, yes! Uggh Uggh, Ugg! Yes, Oh, fuck, Fuck mee!" This went on for a while, then he flipped her over onto all fours, but her arms were weak and he face was buried in the bed, our bed. Ben never stopped. While fucking her, he was continually squeezing her ass and her reaching under to pinch and squeeze her swinging tits. He even rubbed some cum running down her leg on his index finger and circled her tight rosebud, before pushing his digit past her muscle and slowly fingered her ass. We didn't get into ass play much, but sure seemed into it with him. In fact, her second orgasm occurred right went he had his finger up her ass and she kept gyrating her ass around his finger while screaming uncontrollably.
He finally did pull out of her, which was followed by a pathetic whimper from her, turned her around, spread her legs obscenely and impaled her on his cock in one thrust, making her scream out "Yes! Yes!". He started kissing her, and she kissed him back, passionately. And during the short bursts when he not making out with his tongue in her mouth, she kept begging him to fuck her harder and harder, asking him to squeeze her ass, bite her nipples, and other similar requests. I had never seen her so vocal or vulgar during sex. She even asked him to stick his finger up her ass again. He then proceeded to fuck her fast and furious against our marital bed, in our marital bedroom until he finally came. I think she never stopped cumming, her orgasms stretching into one long one, during this erotic finale.
Nellie lay curled up at the foot of the bed, I tossed a quilt over her and a pillow under her head. Ben was relaxed at the head of the mattress, propped up on a few pillows. I sat down next to him, and lay back, taking in a welcome moment of calm and peace.
Ben broke the silence. "I'm pretty much packed up, I have to be at the airport at 10am tomorrow morning." In all the "distractions", I'd forgotten that Ben needed to report to training by Monday, the two weeks of summer just flew by, as they always do. I looked down where Nellie was softly sleeping, wondering what our lives would be like on Monday.
I started thinking out loud: "You'll be in training for 5 months? Then stationed somewhere in the world, for 4-6 years? We may not see you again for a long time."
Ben sighed, "Yea, a long time."
Ben continued: "Nellie is an amazing woman, you are so lucky to have her. I wish I could find a woman as incredible as her, and I hope I could support her like you do. Thanks for being..... cool about this."
I just grunted, lost in thought. I wonder where one would look, at what bar, at what online site, (if one was interested in such things), to find another discrete, and hot young bull, around here?