I sat at work impatiently watching time peel off. He would be picking me up for dinner at 5:00 and I could hardly wait. At his request, I was wearing a classic dress with a plunging neckline and four inch tall black heels. My calves were toned up until they disappeared under my skirt and the incline lifted my already gorgeous ass. He had also given me some detailed instructions regarding underclothes.
I was wearing a lace thong and a matching bra. You could see my nipples, erect with anticipation, through the thin fabric and my piercings caused a very sexy and obvious outline. He had also demanded that I put a small vibrator that he could control from his phone in my panties. I could feel the rounded point against my clit and I discreetly tried to grind against it while sitting at my desk. It wasn't turned on, but I was wet and desperate for stimulation. He would disapprove if I came before he even picked me up and I would probably be punished brutally later, so I stopped grinding with a sigh.
My phone buzzed to my left with a single text: "I'm here." I leapt up, nearly knocking my computer down in the process and grabbed my purse. I said goodbye to the few people left working in the office while I thought about the vibrator pressing against my clit. I wondered if they could tell how turned on I was; I wondered if they could smell my juices as they seeped through the thin fabric covering my flesh.
His car was waiting outside and I slid into the passenger seat. He looked me up and down, obviously relishing what he saw. I watched as his dick grew stiff under his pants and I longed to reach over and touch it; stroke it. He gave me a passionate kiss, his thick lips devouring my own. I felt his tongue stroke the outline of my bottom lip and I shuddered. While off guard, he bit me lightly.
"Did you follow my instructions?" He asked, and I nodded. Suddenly he yanked up my skirt and slipped his hand into my panties. The vibrator shifted and I felt his fingers at my slit, gently exploring. I was rigid and waiting for him to touch me, to stroke my clit. I needed release so badly. He withdrew his hand, however, and smirked at me, knowing that my desperation only gave him more control. "Good girl", he said, pleased with my choice of underwear. I pulled my skirt back down and shifted so the vibrator was back in position. Then we were off.
It took around 45 minutes to get to the steak house he had selected for us. The inside of the restaurant was dark, fancy and sophisticated. We were greeted by the hostess who started walking us to the table he had reserved- a booth in the back corner. We were surrounded by people. He pulled out his phone and I felt a pulse at my wet pussy. I tripped a little, startled by the sudden aggravation after nearly an hour gone horny and untouched.
After we sat down, he decreased the speed. My pussy was absolutely throbbing and I wanted to beg him to turn it up, to let me cum right there in front of everyone, but I knew that would only result in further punishment. Instead I tried to read the menu. The text was blurry and I couldn't seem to tell the difference between the different dishes, I was too distracted.
I leaned back and started to slowly shift my hips, rubbing myself in circles on the vibrator. Each pulse sent waves through me, causing me to me to nearly moan. I bit my lip and tried to stay silent. Across the table, he was watching me writhe in agony. I knew how hard he must be and I thought about climbing over the table like an animal, yanking down his pants, and riding his thick cock in front of everyone there. I thought about that first, hard thrust that would set every nerve in my body on fire. I thought about his thumb on my clit and how he would shudder as I rode him. I could feel my juices smearing on the insides of my thighs.
Our waiter started approaching our table and suddenly, the vibrations got stronger and faster. I yelped. "Are you ok ma'm?" The waiter asked me. He was a handsome boy, maybe nineteen years old with dark hair and blue eyes.
"Yes, yes I'm fine." My head spun trying to come up with an excuse, but all I could think about was the pulsing on my clit. I was going insane. I wanted to cum more than I wanted to breathe but I was worried that I would scream. I didn't think I could cum quietly, not after so much build. Something was ordered, though I'm not sure what, and the waiter left. The vibrations decreased.
"Dirty slut. I think you like it when people watch me pleasure you." He scooted around the U-shaped booth until he was hip to hip with me. I felt his hand on my thigh, creeping up my skirt. "Do you want to cum for me? In front of everyone? How badly do you want my fingers to fuck your cunt?" He gave my pussy a soft pet from the outside of my panties and I shuddered. I wanted him to touch me so badly.
"Sir, I would do anything to feel your fingers on my pussy right now." Nodding, he tucked a strand of hair behind my ear. I could still feel his other hand between my thighs, teasing me and tempting me.
"If you want to cum, pretend to drop something. I want you to kneel under this table and suck my cock until I am finished. You will swallow everything or you will go untouched." I looked around to see if anyone was watching, then I ducked under the table, excited to finally be able to touch him. Quietly, I undid his buckle and zipper then I pulled his pants and boxers down until his throbbing member was free. He was a satisfying size, maybe a little more than average, and his penis curved slightly up. It was if it was made to hit my g-spot every time. It was a gorgeous penis.
I took my thumb and rubbed the head of his cock in a circular motion while the rest of my hand gripped his shaft. His precum dribbled all over my finger and I spread it down the length of his cock. I licked the underside up to the head and cradled his balls in my hand. He was so soft and clean with a perfect amount of dark pubic hair growing at his base. It was the only cock I craved.
Finally, after teasing him the way he had teased me for hours, I took his whole member in my mouth. He sighed above me and I felt the vibrator in my panties speed up as a reward. I lightly moaned around his cock as I felt my body succumbing to sensation. After a while of slow, playful loving, he reached his hand under the table and wove his fingers through my hair. He forced me down further and further onto him until I was gagging at the depth, trying desperately to stay quiet between the throat fucking and the vibrating in my underwear.
Above me, I heard dishes clang and footsteps. I could see a pair of shoes next to our table from underneath. The waiter was back with our food. He served us, all the while I gave head under the table. My lover made small talk with the young waiter while he steadily increased the speed of my vibrator. I was so close, so near screaming when he turned it off. I had forgotten that in order for me to cum, I would have to swallow his. He was reminding me.
I immediately sped up, sucking his cock ferociously. The waiter finally left and the vibrator started lightly pulsing again. I swirled my tongue around his head and I played with his balls until he seized up, I felt his body go rigid and I heard him gasp above me as he release a warm load into my mouth. I swallowed every drop before replacing his pants and boxers.
On the table, a huge medium-rare steak was waiting for me with mixed vegetables and mashed potatoes. He knew me so well. I started to eat when suddenly, the vibrator spiked up to the highest setting. I nearly choked on my food as I started to rock back and forth on the vibrator, shuddering with pleasure. The first wave of my orgasm hit hard and I continued to cum. My vision dulled and I felt him lightly kiss my cheek as I finished. Finally, finally I had release.
We finished the rest of the meal together and then went back to his house where we fucked until I could no longer keep my eyes open.