Summary: After a storm cancels flights, a wife is stuck in the middle of nowhere and ends up having sex with countless guys.
Categories: MF, M+F, Wife, slut, whore, stranger, gang bang, gangbang, exhibitionist, outdoor
This story is a work in progress, but I would welcome feedback and guidance, as this is a first time entry for me. I posted it a couple of weeks ago, and got some good feedback, as well as bad, so this has some slight modifications mainly to the beginning, some tense fixes, and some rough thoughts at the end about what should happen next. I just haven't had the time to put more into this one.
Feedback can be done via the site's feedback mechanism.
-------
Greg looked up at the sky watching a storm rolling in. "I hope it doesn't affect the flights."
Paul agreed, "Yeah, we've got to get back in time."
Greg had to lead a big sales presentation for a multimillion dollar contract, along with his co-workers, Paul and Jeff. They were supposed to return that night, so that they could spend a day on the final touch ups, before flying off again for the biggest meeting of their careers.
"I can't believe they made us come down for this conference, so close to closing such a big deal." Greg said.
"I don't mind. It gave me a chance to get away for a bit." said Joanne, looking at the group of men, and smiling at her husband.
They drove to the airport only to find that their flight was canceled. In fact, most flights were getting canceled.
"Well, what do we do now?" Asked Paul.
"I think we're stuck here for the night, we should try to get a room close to the airport." Greg said.
Jeff looked around. "Usually there's a hotel board. I think it's over here."
He walked down and found the board, swamped with several people with the same idea.
"I think we'd better try getting back into our conference hotel." said Greg.
"Ok, you do that, while I try to call some of these places." said Paul.
Within several minutes, they quickly realized how futile it was going to be. Between having trouble getting a signal, and then calling, and then even getting through to a hotel, they couldn't find a room.
"Where's Jeff?" asked Joanne.
"Haven't seen him in a while." replied Paul.
"I don't think I really want to spend the night here." said Joanne looking at the mayhem in the airport.
After about half an hour, Jeff returned to some pretty irritated collegues.
"Where have you been?" asked Paul.
"Relax, we're on standby for a morning flight, and I think I found the last two rooms in the whole city." Jeff replied.
A look of relief came upon all their faces.
"The catch is that the place is about an hour and a half away. But it is still better to get a good 8 hours then to hang around here."
They all agreed.
Greg drove Joanne and his two co-workers, Jeff and Paul to a cheap motel, by the side of a secondary highway, miles away from the airport, since all closer hotels and motels were fully booked. They had to drive nearly two hours through the rain, to a small town a good 45 minutes outside the city limits. They got there and there were no rooms left.
"But I made reservations!".
"Sir, that wasn't this place. You must have called somewhere else."
Joanne, watched Greg and Paul discussing their next steps, while Jeff was on the phone looking for another place.
Joanne turned to the motel manager. She slipped behind the counter.
He watched in amazement as she crouched down in front of his crotch, hidden from view.
While undoing his fly, she asked "are you sure you have no rooms available?"
She reached in and pulled out his old cock without objection.
He got stiff quickly as she sucked him, until he exploded in her mouth.
"Consider that a deposit. I will pay you in full later."
Joanne stood up, stepped back around the counter, wiping some cum dribbles from the corner of her mouth.
"Excuse me. Sir?"
Jeff turned around and entered the office.
"I have ah... a cancellation. I have one room available."
Jeff was elated. "Great! We'll take it, along with some extra blankets and pillows."
She slips out in the middle of the night to "pay in advance".
She feels dirty and smelly, and doesn't feel like she can return to her room to lie with Greg.
Goes to bar. Too smokey so goes out around back, trying to air out and get the smell of cigarettes off of her lips, and of the motel owner's cheap cologne out of her clothes.
A guy stumbled out and urinated against a tree. She frowns in disapproval, but then thinks he's probably cleaner than she is right now.
Fucked him, 3-4 buddies come out and fuck her too.
Returned to her room.
Alarm doesn't go off, so they have to rush without showers. She feels dirty.
Goes from bad to worse. They needed to get on the flight to get back for the big presentation. The flight they were supposed to be on was canceled, as were several more, since planes didn't arrive.
She agreed to stay an extra day, and let Greg and his co-workers take the available seats. "Don't worry about it -- knock 'em dead!"
She was worried about trying to get a rental car, and hurriedly goes back. They are so busy with the travel chaos, that the line up is right out the door.
"Shit! This will take hours." she thought. As she's sitting there, she noticed a guy going around back for a smoke break.
She follows him and gave him a blowjob and her credit card, and he returned 10 mins later with keys and a contract.
She headed back to the seedy motel. Unsure why she didn't switch to a closer hotel.
She went to get her suitcase, and it wasn't there! Her heart sank as she realized that she let Greg check it, so it will travel with him. She has no clean clothes!
One seedy bar across the parking lot. She gets picked up. Same guys?
They take her to their motel room, and gang fuck her endlessly.
She wakes up in her room, with the sun shining.
She woke up and looked at the clock, which was blinking 12:00. She looked at her watch.
"Shit!" It was 6:30 am and her flight is at 8:30 am.
"What happened?" she thought as she sat up, completely naked. Her body was sore and covered in dry and sticky cum. She felt strange and full deep inside her pussy.
"What do I do?" she thought for a second. "I have to take a shower." she thought as she got up looking for her clothes. She knew they'd be in rough shape, since she remembered them covered in cum from her gang bang the night before.
She found them on the floor in the bathroom, by the toilet. The seat was up, and the whole room showed off it's high traffic use. Piss was everywhere. In the sink, the tub, all around the toilet, and of course, absorbed into her clothes.
The towels were all in the tub and soaked.
She took notice of her irritated pussy. There was something inside.
"Wow, did someone lose a condom?" she wondered, not remembering anyone using one. It seemed like whatever it was, it wanted out, and fast.
She quickly stepped over her filthy clothes and crouched over the urine filled toilet. Reaching inside, she latched onto something and slowly pulled it out. Distracted by trying to determine what it was, she didn't react fast enough, when right behind what looked like a pale blue cloth, clogged up fluid from her cervix ejected passed the toilet and onto her clothes in front.
She just laughs. At the rate things are going, of course that would happen.
No longer being constrained, the cloth slowly begins to open.
"Panties." she said out loud. They had stuffed her panties up her snatch. Were they trying to keep her cervix full of stranger cum to get her pregnant? Bastards.
She looked at them again. Stunned by the realization that they weren't even hers, and further that by the discoloration in the ass area, that they weren't clean either, before being stuffed inside her.
"Is there another girl out there pulling my panties out of her pussy?" she wondered.
She returns to her room, and tries to call the office.
No answer. Goes to voice mail describing the motel. Beep! She hangs up.
As minutes tick passed, otherwise horrible options, seem plausible. She can't walk to the office naked, so she puts on her clothes. As she looks around for the key, she can't find her purse or the key.
Her heart sank as she sat on the bed. Piss, and the pungent smell of the escaped cum on her filthy blouse, filled her nose.
They stole her stuff. It looks like they dumped her purse out on the floor. There were a couple of crumpled up receipts, her brush, a pen. Contemplating her options, she unconsciously picedk up her brush. She brushed while she thought, her hair still soaked with piss and cum. Yellow droplets fell on her blouse, and knots of dry cum in places prevented her progress. She rose and peeked out the window. Her rental car was still there. It was there in the middle of the lot where she parked it when the lot was nearly full. It was now one of only two cars still in the lot. Strange, I guess they didn't want to steal a car. "Cowards" she thought.
Then she noticed the car rental contract on the floor next to the chair in the corner of the room. She remembered that she didn't put her drivers license or the credit card she'd used back in her wallet. She hurriedly picked it up, and out they fell.
Hope had rushed back. With the driver's license, she could use it as ID to get on her flight, and with her credit card, she had options.
Relieved that she's not completely stuck, Joanne felt that she didn't have to rush. Even if she missed her flight, and had to buy a whole new ticket, or just a change fee, she'd be fine with that. How could she make her flight anyways? The car keys were in her purse. Right now she really needed a shower. She felt sticky everywhere.
She needed some towels. She tried to call the office again. Voice mail. Beep! " I need towels in room 114 please!" She hung up.
She picked up the phone again to try to call her mother to say she's alright and that she was delayed and she's coming home. She can't call long distance. The phone is restricted to local calls only. Of course in this dive, you'd have to request long distance!
She remembers her husband's office 800 number, and leaves him a message. She doesn't want to call him on his cell anyways. Today is his big presentation, and the reason she agreed to stay back and let him and his co-workers take the available seats. She doesn't want to raise any alarms, and have him screw up the big sale. After all, she'd fucked everyone she could to make sure that he was well positioned to lead this deal, and get the promotion. She fucked office staff, his boss, executives, client staff, even all the renovation workers on the house, to increase their standing among Greg's future peers, getting much more than her budget would otherwise allow.
Joanne decided to go to the office in her filthy clothes. Without her key, she unlocked the door knob on the inside, and tested the outside to make sure it was unlocked.
She walked to the office. The cool morning air smelled good compared to the foul odor of cum and piss all over her room. The air felt good too, and her pussy, though throbbing, was soothed by the coolness, and no longer seemed sore.
She got to the office door and knocked and paused. Knocked again and waited. Banged hard on the door shouting "Wake up!" Nothing.
She returned to her room and tried to open the door. It was locked. How could this be? Was everything conspiring against her? Is this some kind of joke? She looked around as if to find the prankster.
Did she have the right room?
Just then a door at the end of the motel opened. It scared her but quickly she realized she wasn't alone. She stared at a man, dressed in a nice suit, coming out of his room with a pink suitcase. When he saw her he paused, seemingly equally chocked to see someone else about. He continued to his car, eying her the whole time.
She again thought of her options. She has no vehicle, she can't get back into her room to shower. she looks like hell, so no wonder he's staring at her. Probably thinks she's some kind of drugged up prostitute. She has her credit card, but she needs a ride. Either to somewhere where she could buy some clothes, and maybe a gym where she could shower. She even thought she could go to the airport, where the lounge has showers, but she'd have to get through security looking like a well fucked tramp. But first, she must not let this ride get away.
Closing the car door, the man began to walk over.
"Hi" he says, looking intrigued. "Locked out?"
"Hi" she replies, "and yes, uh, locked out." She says softly, worried that he might run away when he sees her up close. She certainly can't say "because I got robbed and the key is gone and I think its the gang of guys that fucked me silly."
"I.. uh.. was just wanting some towels, but the office is closed."
"Yeah. Yesterday I tried to get some towels too, but he didn't show until 10. I think he drinks and sleeps it off."
"He sure likes his whiskey." she said trying to smile, and then it disappeared when she thought he must be wondering how she knew that. "He must think I'm a whore now."
"You need a ride?" the man offers. "I'm headed to the airport."
"Yes, please." she replies, surprised at the offer. She thought he'd be completely repulsed by her appearance. Her white top still damp, and partly see-through, with light yellow and dark orange stained rings, her hair wet and still knotted in places. Her short blue skirt damp as well, and her skin pasty and marked with crusty opaque blotches.
He goes around to the driver's side while she hops in on the passenger side, wondering if she's met the only gentleman this side of the city. As he starts the car and shifts it into gear, Joanne feels uncomfortable in her outfit in front of him, she looks down to adjust the buttons on her blouse and straighten her rag of a skirt.
"Hi, I'm Joanne." she says with some confidence, looking over at him as he turns onto the two lane highway.
"I'm Blake. Nice to meet you."
"Flying back home?" she asked.
"Yep. Stuck due to the storm. You?"
"Same with me."
"Nice suitcase." she said jokingly.
He looked at her and smiled. "Oh, it's my wife's. Mine broke and I had to borrow her's at the last minute. I get lots of ribbing from the security guys at the airport."
They drive a little, chatting a bit, until her mind drifts off.
-----
Back at the motel the manager exited the office holding his head in one hand, and some towels in the other. He quickly clamped down on his towels with both arms, trying to shield them from the dust raised by the passing car. He looks up catching only a short glimpse of Blake as he gives him a little wave.
"Fucking whore waking me up at this ridiculous hour. How can she even be awake now with her screwing all those guys until 3am! What's her fucking rush?"
He made his way to room 114 and knocked, and paused, knocked again louder and waited. He put his ear to the door, and instinctively tried the knob. It opened.
"Hello?" he called from outside. "Hello!" he said a little louder. Where did she go? He was pissed because it took so much of his headache inflicted brain to sift through the dirty laundry to find a couple of towels that could pass as clean without too much scrutiny.
Just then he heard a door open a few rooms down.
"Hello?" a female voice called out.
He walked down and saw a woman in the doorway of her room, clutching a stained towel in front of her naked body.
"Oh great! Towels!" she exclaimed, reaching out and grabbing them from the manager's hand.
She didn't seem to mind that, in so doing, she revealed her perky breasts.
On his way back to the office, the manager smiled. He would have loved to fuck her again, though the whore in 114 was much more depraved.
Just then he paused in front of room 113, leaned over to pick up a piece of paper. He looked at it. It was a car rental contract under Joanne's name, complete with a manual scan of her credit card.
------
Joanne stared out of her passenger window.
She's angry, but convinces herself that it must be fate. She's used her body to get what she wanted. Starting with a promotion for her husband by fucking his boss and others, stretching the dollars she had for her home renos to live in a house beyond their means. It must all be coming back. Balancing the universe by having others use her for their use.
She smiled. If getting fucked over by lots of guys is how things need to be, then bring it on. The fucking makes her cum often, and being used for others pleasure is really turning her on. Two nights ago being fucked by drunks behind the bar, and last night right in the men's room inside the bar.
She decides that she has to take it all in stride. "It could be worse." she thought. "I could be dead." Strangely, she had no fear for her life. She really felt that she probably needed to "give something back" and fucking around was a fun way to do it, though really exhausting at this pace.
She glanced over and caught him looking at her top. Looking down, she noticed that he had a good view through her compromised blouse.
So, he's not really a gentleman after all. It took less than 15 minutes of driving before he showed his sexual interest in her. Well good, since he's saving my butt from this slut pounding hell hole, he deserves a peek.
"You like these?" she asks.
"Hmm?" he replies, looking at the road trying not to show that he knows exactly what she means.
She proceeds to unbutton her top.
"Want to feel them?" she asks.
She rubs along his leg, and reaching between his legs, she finds his bulge in his pants. He's strangely silent.
"I just want to say thank you for driving me. I really appreciate it."
Still silent.
Zzzzip. She reaches in with her hand, and managed to pull out his stiff cock.
She leans over and begins sucking his cock.
"Hmmm." he says approvingly.
It seems musky and somewhat foul tasting. "Bastard" she thought. She's tasting an unwashed cock covered in old cum mixed with a woman's juices.
She looks up from his lap. "Someone was busy last night."
He looked down at her in surprise. His cock beginning to go limp.
"Was she a whore like me? Mmmm. I can taste her."
His cock stiffened again. "Yeah. She was a cheap whore busy all night with lots of customers."
He pulled over at the entrance of a dusty gravel road, and rushed out around to Joanne's side, his cock sticking out of his pants. He opened the door and pulled her out, and pinned her against the rear passenger door.
"Fucking whore." he said as he lifted her leg and plowed into her pussy.
"Yes. Oh yes! I'm a filthy whore. Make me pay for the ride. Use me, use my cunt."
Fucking her madly, he shouted "Fuck I love this. Your pussy is so wet!" as a lonesome car sped past.
"You fuck us whores and then go back to your lovely wife!"
He grabbed a handful of tit squeezing and tugging.
He spat on her face.
Surprised, she squeaked "Eep!", and stared at him, not even bothering to wipe the glob of spit running slowly down now between her nose and cheek.
"You filthy disgusting whore. You've been at it for days, not even cleaning yourself."
He spat on her again in about the same spot. A glob of saliva ran down her cheek by her mouth. Her tongue darted out to meet it, guiding it into her mouth.
Her gross behaviour made Blake smile.
"Oh fuck. I'm cumming." he said, holding his cock deep, as it throbbed, pumping his cum inside her.
He zipped up his pants and walked back around to the driver's side.
Her hand reached down between her legs. Her loose cunt not able to hold any fluids in this position, his cum leaked into her hand.
"Get in" he said.
She obeyed.
She showed him her hand full of cum.
"Is that mine?" he asks.
"Yep." She says as she rubs it all around her pussy. She slouches down in her seat, pulling her skirt back, and begins to finger fuck her cunt. Sliding four fingers in and out at once, her pussy juices enhanced with Blake's cum froths as she sped up her finger banging, masturbating to orgasm.
She sits back up straight, licks her dirty fingers, and then puts her seat belt on.
"That was fun." she said.
"Thanks."
Exhausted, she began to nod off.
"Vvrooom."
Joanne woke with a start. A car's engine started, waking her up. She watched it pull away, leaving the shoulder and back onto the highway.
She looked over. Blake was not there. She looked around. Where was she? She turned to look out the window and felt something wet and sticky on her neck. She touched, fearing it was blood, but looked relieved when it looked more like cum. It was a lot of cum. Coating her from below her ear down her neck, with multiple orgasms worth collecting between her tits. This was too much to just be Blake's. Someone else, several men she didn't know had jizzed on her.
She tried to wipe the cum from her neck, mostly smearing the sticky white globs. She tried wiped the cum her hand on her still damp blouse, and looked around some more. Keys were still in the ignition. She didn't recognize the road, and there were no buildings in site. In the back, the pink suitcase was still there. "Blake's?" she thought, wondering if something happened to him. She climbed into the back, turned the suitcase around, leaving cum residue, and proceeded to open it.
Inside, it was empty, except for a pair of bunched up ladies panties. They were lacy and black. She picked them up. They were wet. Saturated. She sniffed. Saturated with cum and female juices. She looked for the label. Handling them made her hands wet. She found what she was looking for. A small "J" was on the little label. These panties were hers.
"Bastard!" she thought, was he the thief?
------
Thoughts on what happens next...
Engine wont start -- out of gas
Tow truck arrives with 2 guys -- services them
They tow her to a gas station. Radio ahead
Uses bathroom. No door. No running water. No toilet paper.
Pays the 4 guys there for gas. She hops up on the counter, and lets them take turns fucking her.
Bunch of boys ride in (6) -- heard on CB
Truckers come and go (15)
Police arrive. No registration.
Deputy drives the car with her in back. Don't want to mess cruiser.
Pull over. Get her out. (2) She automatically gets down on her knees. Gets fucked against the car again. Same spot as with Blake and the tow truck team.
Holding cell -- bars, open, no privacy. Adjoining cells through the bars (9).
Car reported stolen.
Early evening whores her out. People come in pay the sheriff and use her (5)
As the cells fill up from drunks picked up(20) , she's rotated through the 3 cells. She's willing, and even lets the cops know when she's done in one, and needs to be moved to another cell. When the cop is tired of getting up, he just shoves them all into the larger middle cell. It's very crowded, but they keep going until they are sober.
He lets all the drunks out.
"Transferring you to the downtown precinct." by bus.
Another night, then realize she's not the car thief. "Didn't think so anyways, but it was fun.
She gets cleaned up, maybe buys some clothes, and returns home -- getting there just before her husband returns from his business trip.