The man that was making me orgasm is my father... ><
"S-Stop it!! Ahh!! Please fucking stop this!! Daddy!! Ahh!!" As I continued to beg, my daddy continued to thrust my vibrating dildo in and out of my horny wet pussy. I ended up orgasming hard and squirting wildly. When my daddy started to open my legs. I cried and shook my head "N-No.. Daddy!! What are you doing!! NOOO!!"
My daddy fucked me against my will and I enjoyed it. Next, daddy released me from my bondage and made me suck his cock clean before we hugged and kissed.
"D-Daddy.. why are you here..?" I asked.
"Isn't that obvious? I'm here to support you and your life.. your slave life, baby." He answered and my heart sank a little before he continued, "I know you do not like being a slave but now that daddy's home, I will teach you how to enjoy it."
"Here baby, try this for an example.." Daddy massaged my boobs and I tried to resist. "Calm down, baby. Enjoy it."
"N-No.. Daddy.. Stop it.. Please.."
"If you keep on struggling, I will have to punish you. You know that right? Aren't you Master Owen's sex slave?"
I stopped struggling.. ><
"It's so wonderful to see that my son-in-law managed to tame you so well. He has done a good job. Now beg me to fuck you, Jizzmine!!"
"D-Daddy..."
We made unspeakable love that day..
----
After Daddy had fucked me and drove me back to the slave home, Master Owen was there together with Ma'am Nicolette. She was sucking his cock in the living room. I took off my clothes, closed the doors and crawled to them. I forced myself to wait patiently until Master Owen had cummed inside Nicolette's mouth and she swallowed all of his love.
"So Jizzmine.. JIZZMINE!!" Master Owen shouted.
"Y-Yes Master?" I asked.
"Always pay attention to the male voices, and how was the fuck with your daddy? Did you enjoy it?"
"Y-Yes Master.. I enjoyed it.. Did you arrange it?"
"I sure did. Well my Nico went over to seduce him first, kissing him and giving him a blowjob before he would agree to come over to fuck you. Now you owe Nico a favor."
"I-I see.. I understand, Master."
Nicolette continued to suck Master Owen's cock clean before He patted her head and left. She stood up after Master Owen walked upstairs and sat down on the couch. "Now Jizzmine. You may not know but our company desperately need cash ASAP all thanks to you. None of our workers want to work if they can't have fun and sex with you. So now you have to work at one of the nightclubs that Xavier's friend owned. Don't worry, you will just be a waitress."
"Y-Yes Ma'am."
"I'm sure you're wondering about clothes but you don't have to worry about a thing because you will be working there completely naked!!"
"N-Naked, Ma'am?"
"Yes Completely Naked. Since you're already supposed to be naked at all times, this should be easy for you. Now make sure you do not upset or disappoint anyone especially the customers because it's not your average nightclub. There're a ton of rich men over there. Think of it as VIP nightclub. Understood?"
"Yes Ma'am. Is there anything I need to bring with me for work?"
"Just your horny body, high heels and a choker. The rest will be provided."
"O-Okay Ma'am. I understand.."
----
Later that night, Xavier came by the slave house and massaged my boobs as I slept naked on the grass in the backyard. When I woke up, I stopped myself from pushing his hands away and let him continued until he was satisfied. Next, as he held onto my hair, I had to crawl on all fours to the bathroom for a shower as he watched before wearing my choker with a bell and high heels. Finally, I went out of my slave home and into his car.
Whenever a truck or lorry drove past us, I kept being paranoid into thinking they could see me in the car being completely naked. When the car parked at the carpark, Xavier gave me a pair of handcuffs and ordered me to put them on behind my back before he would escort me to the job interview. I obeyed.
Xavier groped my bare boobs for a while before licking both of my nipples. Next, he grabbed my hair and brought me into the back door of the nightclub.
'Passionate Sins'
2 huge and muscular male bodyguards were inside and I felt so embarrassed about being naked. "Who are you and what do you want?"
Xavier answered while massaging my boobs from behind!! "This is Jizzmine. She's here for the job interview."
"Alright, follow us." The bodyguards said and one of them walked in front to guide us while another walked behind us.
We walked to a men's restroom. "We will need to conduct a full body inspection first. Will the slut step forward?"
Xavier spanked my butt twice and said "Go on slut! Move your ass!!"
The 2 bodyguards ravished my naked and available body by massaging my bare boobs, rubbing my butt and fingering my wet pussy even when I begged them to stop!! After I had orgasmed hard, I fell to my knees in exhaustion before they patted my head and told me that I did a good job.
Next, I was carried up by them and they held my arms out of the restroom, up the stairs and into the Boss's office. Master Owen, Xavier and Nicolette were there with Jack, the boss. Master Owen and Xavier had suits on while Nicolette was in her bikinis. Still way better than being completely naked like me.
"Hi. Nice to meet you, Jizzmine." Jack stood up and walked towards me as I was still held by the bodyguards and handcuffed behind my back, naked.
"You have a wonderful body, Jizzmine."
"T-Thank you Sir.. I-AHH!!" Before I could Thank Boss properly, he groped and massaged my bare boobs as if it was nothing!! As if I was nothing!!
Master Owen, Xavier and Nicolette were all laughing as I got molested. "Here is how this is going to go." Boss explained to me while massaging my boobs. "You will be working here as a naked waitress. You will greet customers with a happy smile. And you will take their orders. If they touch you, smile and thank them for doing so. If they want to fuck you, tell them that you can't during working hours and could only fuck them in your home later and give them your address. If they want you to orgasm, you orgasm. Understood so far, babe?"
"This... No way!! Fuck off!! Help me Master!! Save me!!" I shouted for help.
Master Owen walked up to me and gave me a hard slap to my face. I cried softly and in shock as he told me "Behave yourself, Slut. Where do you think you are right now! Obey the man so he will pay money for your services!!"
I looked down and replied, "Y-Yes Master."
"Alright guys. Calm down man. This will help her get into the mood." Xavier said and took out an egg vibrator from his pocket and shoved it into my wet pussy!
"Ahhh!!" I moaned out loud and everyone laughed.
Everyone stared at my boobs bouncing as I squirmed in the hands of the strong bodyguards holding my arms and I orgasmed. "See? She's in a much better mood now. Whenever she's being a bitch, just make her orgasm and she will be a good girl." Xavier told Boss.
The bodyguards pressed my head down and stepped onto the back of my knees so I would knelt down on the ground before everyone left me alone and naked and vulnerable with the bodyguards.. >< By the time I realized what was happening, it was already too late. The 2 bodyguards pushed me to the ground and had sex with me.
I was left on the ground until it was time for my shift.
----
Passionate Sins nightclub.
The girls were all dressed in skimpy outfits. Mini dresses, low cut cleavages, mini skirts, bikinis and I was completely naked and still handcuffed behind my back.
"Woah! Why is she completely naked, Amanda?" A customer asked.
"Jizzmine is our newest staff. She's a little bit of a brat so go ahead and be harsh on her, Daddy!!" Amanda in her bikini replied as the customer groped her boobs.
One of the bodyguards pushed me from behind and towards the table. "Move it, slut. Don't let the customer wait for you!"
My head got pushed down to a man's crotch and I had to push myself up with my forehead. I looked up and saw a man in his 50s. "H-Hello Sir.. I.. I... am sorry.."
The man pulled my leash and said "Hang on. If you're really sorry, come suck on my cock!!"
"N-No.. I can't.. Please no... NOO!! Hmmm!!" I got forced to suck his cock and one of the bodyguards shoved a vibrating dildo into my pussy. "Our Jizzmine loves this vibrator. She uses it all the time."
"Is that so?" The customers laughed before stroking my naked back and butt as I sucked on their cock.
"Is this hole available?" Another one of them spanked my butt and asked. "Yes Sir. All holes are available for Jizzmine." The bodyguards answered and I screamed out loud as I got fucked anally.
Both of them came inside of me and I shamefully orgasmed. Next, I was passed to the other customers at the table and had my dildo thrusted anally as the man fucked my pussy.
"N-No!! Stop it! Ah! No! Please no!! NOO!!l I screamed as I was made to ride the customer's huge cock. Everyone was laughing and having a good time seeing me being fucked against my will. Although I enjoyed it... it was embarrassing!!
"FUCK ME HARDER AND FASTER!! SLUT!!" The man ordered me while pinching and twisting my nipples.
"Y-YES SIR!!" I shouted and moaned out my reply while obeying his orders.
When he came inside my pussy, I cried and screamed "NOO!!!"
Next, I got slapped in the face by the man and he asked me "Where's my smile, sexy slut?"
I forced out a smile in tears, drools and sweats.
Everyone laughed and my dildo got shoved back into my wet pussy. Pushing the cum deeper into my little pussy. Next, I had to go to another table as the bodyguards brought me over.
"This is Jizzmine. Our newest sexy slut. Have fun with her!!" They said before leaving me all naked and alone with them.
"Hey Jizzmine. Beautiful legs." The customers said as they stroked my thighs. "What time do they open?"
"Any.. Anytime y-you want, Sir.." I replied and they laughed. "Spread your legs now, baby!"
"Yes Sir."
"Come on. Keep your valuables safe." Ken of them said before pushing my dildo deeper inside my wet pussy.
Next, I had to sit on one of their laps while being served a glass of alcohol. I shook my head and said "I do not drink, Sir."
The man I was sitting on groped my boobs from behind and said "Since you're being a naughty bitch. Now you have to drink the entire bottle by yourself or we will throw you outside!!" I only knew of Absolute and wine but I had to drink an entire bottle of 'double black label'.
"Here it comes. Prepare to drink and swallow fast, Sexy slut!!" One of them said as another massaged my boobs. They shoved the liquor bottle into my mouth and made me drink. My throat was burning a lot as I drank and I couldn't handle it. When I broke off my mouth from the bottle and the liquor got spilled, the customers slapped my face and told me to stop struggling or they would really throw me outside, into the public.. >< I apologized and they continued pouring the liquor into my mouth.
By the time I was finished drinking an entire bottle, I was coughing and gagging with my boobs still being massaged and my thighs being stroked.
"Second bottle!!" The customers shouted and bought another bottle and shoved it into my mouth before I could refuse it. I closed my eyes as I cried and was forced to swallow.
When I orgasmed, I accidentally spilled some of the liquor and they slapped my face again. This time, however, I laughed and begged them to have sex with me. They laughed and told me to finish my bottle first and I obeyed.
Miraculously, I finished my second bottle of hard liquor and was completely dizzy. When I had to get up and walk to another customer, I tripped on myself and fell to his crotch. "She wants to suck your cock!!" They said and laughed.
"I need to pee pee." I said.
"Sure baby. Let's go outside."
"Yes Sir! Hehe!" I replied and they brought me out of the nightclub and into the public.
"Go pee pee at the tree on your knees, sexy slut."
"Yes Daddy!!"
After peeing at the tree, I went back to the customers and they wiped my wet pussy with leaves. "Let's go somewhere else." They said and they pulled my hair.
I walked naked in public while being handcuffed behind my back. "N-No.." I said when I saw the red light district. Every woman was either in their lingerie or underwear as they tried to get customers for paid sex.
My butt got spanked and the customers told me to hurry up and to move my ass. I walked towards the male strangers and they quickly came forward to massage my boobs!! "How much is this beautiful slut?"
"She's free of charge!! But you have to fuck her right here!!" My customers said.
"Sweet." The stranger replied and took his cock out. My dildo got removed and shoved back into my Anal before the man fucked my pussy and kissed my mouth.
After I felt hot burning cum inside my pussy, I shamefully orgasmed and got my boobs groped before the man left. "Isn't that fun? Jizzmine!" My customers asked me.
"I-I guess so..." I replied and they said "Let's go in further shall we?" I shook my head but they pushed me and spanked my butt.
We were allowed entry into a cheap club because I was completely naked, we do don't even had to pay the entrance fee. When we got in, everyone was dancing and it took a moment for me to realize that the dance floor was full of horny men. There wasn't a single lady in here except for me.. ><
"WE GOT A WOMAN IN HERE!! LETS FUCK HER!!" The men shouted and everyone started to surround me and my naked available body.
My boobs got massaged, nipples pulled and twisted, dildo thrusted in and out of my wet pussy, butt spanked and rubbed, thighs and shoulders rubbed, mouth fingered and omg it felt so goooooood!!
I kept on orgasming again and again until I felt a cock poking my pussy. I shook my head as the men covered my mouth with their hands and couldn't scream as I got fucked on the dance floor.
One after the other, the men fucked and came inside my pussy as if I was free meat in a buffet. By the time the 5th man fucked me, I was no longer resisting and instead begged them to continue fucking me. I was going crazy!!
After being used by 20-30 of them, my customers slapped my face and pulled my hair so I would walk naked on my knees back to the nightclub, Passionate Sins. Because I was being too slow, the customers released my handcuffs so I could crawl on all fours in public.
My butt kept on being spanked by them.
I felt like being inside a dream when I saw the waitresses having fun sex with the customers in the nightclub. The customers manhandling me so far told me that all of the girls were slaves like me. They brought me back to their table and pushed me to the couch. "Now it's time for us to fuck you, Jizzmine."
"Yes Sir. Please fuck me, Sir." I replied and got fucked.
As a newbie, I got a one time only free pass for passing out during sex. When I woke up, I was back in the slave home in the backyard. It was another day as the sun shined on me.
I did my housework, read the rules out loud and took a nap until it was time for my work at the nightclub again. This time it would be my second night.
I had to report to work on my own and I chose to wear a dress. After entering through the back door, the same bodyguards were standing there and they ordered me to strip naked upon seeing me. I obeyed but they told me to leave the door wide opened. ><
When a male stranger walked by my butt and saw me in my underwear, he shouted "Holy shit!" I got scared and covered up my body. "Hands down, Slut!!" The bodyguards ordered me and I apologized before obeying. Next, I proceeded to unhook my bra and removed them before pushing my panties down. The stranger was standing outside the whole time! "Go ahead and kiss him. Advertise yourself, baby!" The bodyguards laughed after he said it to me and I had no choice but to obey them.
I walked out naked and said "Hello Mr Stranger." I kissed him passionately and continued even when he massaged my boobs.
The dickhead Xavier and my ex boyfriend Adrain laughed out loud after I asked "Do you want to have sex with me?" To the stranger.
Shamefully, I walked back to the nightclub back door and greeted Xavier and Adrain with a formal bow. "Hello Sir. Hello Sir. It's nice to see both of you, Sirs."
"Looks like you've been having a lot of sex since I last saw you, baby slut!" Adrain, my ex boyfriend said as he came over and groped my right boob.
"She's doing alright so far. Having sex with strangers everyday is the norm for this horny slut." Xavier replied as he groped my left boob. I squirmed in shame as I accidentally let out a few uncontrollable moans and they laughed at me.
"This horny slut is really the best. What happened to signing up for that porno site?"
"Ah that? We have another ready so don't worry."
"And those videos already taken..?"
"It's theirs for all I care. They can distribute those for free and it will be good advertisement for Jizzmine too. Isn't that right, my slut?"
"Y-Yes Sir.. Please fuck me.."
My butt got spanked and the 2 grown up men continued their discussion while walking and massaging my boobs. "So where are we heading?" Adrain asked.
"Ah... so you didn't know. We are going to meet with the new director. Why did you come here buddy?"
"I obviously came here to play with our adorable little slut."
"Want to be a superstar in porn? You get to fuck and abuse this slut as much as you want!!"
"Sounds tempting. Let's see who will be abusing her first!!"
Both of them laughed in the lift and I dreaded the meeting.
"Crawl on all fours, slut." Xavier ordered and I obeyed after Adrain laughingly said "I'll help you since your breasts are heavy."
"Yes Sir.. Thank you Sir.." I replied to the both of them and crawled naked to the porn director and he obviously wasn't alone.
4 men stood beside the porn director and I recognized him.. I recognized the porn director.. >< It was Jeremy, my childhood crush.
I bowed and said "Hello Sir. Nice to meet you." I prayed that he didn't recognize me. But he did.
"Hello Jasmine. Or is it Jizzmine? Whatever. It's been a long time."
"Yes Sir. I wish I didn't meet you again... Sir.."
"That won't do.. Hey someone!! Come fuck this little bitch into a good girl!!" Xavier shouted and the 4 men came to me after Jeremy motioned them to come over.
"N-No... Please no.. NOO!!" I begged and screamed as I got manhandled by the 4 men and got fucked in all of my holes.
After the 4 of them came inside my mouth, pussy, Anal and hair, Jeremy came to me and slapped my face. "Times have changed haven't they? Now let me tell you what is going to happen in this porn video that you will be doing.."
Jeremy, my childhood crush, continued to explain as I had to kneel down on the ground with my hands behind my head and legs spread widely opened.
"You will be given a gps tracking collar which will show your location live to anyone visiting the website!! Your nipples vibe, clit vibe, and this awesome egg vibe will be turned on by anyone that purchase our device for a low price of only $50!! They can turn on your vibes from a distance! Plus, you will have to do all of your orgasms in public, excluding sex of course, I'm not a demon. Finally, these 4 men that just fucked your brains out will be constantly following you. Do not try to hide or run from them or we will make you naked in public during the daytime. Understand so far?"
"Erm... So I will have to walk in public and orgasm non stop for this porn video?"
"Yes baby. But not only for this video. This will last forever until the day you die. Don't you love me? I am your childhood crush right? Your daddy told me about it!!" Jeremy laughed and everyone followed to laugh at me.
"Jeremy.. Please don't make me do this... please I beg yo-AH!!" Before I could finish begging, Adrain slapped my face. "How dare you call a man by his name!! How dare you, you lowly slutty slave!!" I got slapped again and I saw Jeremy smiling at me.
"You've grown into such a fine beautiful little slut, Jizzmine." Jeremy said and I bowed to him. "I'm sorry, Sir. Please punish me, Sir."
"Alright. Your punishment will be to be completely naked at your previous workplace, college and neighborhood." Jeremy said and I was horrified.
"Remember not to run, resist or reject any man." Adrain reminded me.
"Just try your best to enjoy it. You're a horny slut after all!!" Xavier added in.
"Y-Yes Sir.. Yes Sir and Yes Sir.." I replied. ><
"Alright. Sign this." Jeremy handed me a contract but Adrain spanked my butt and said "Do you dare to read it? Don't you dare to read it!! You're just a slave. Just sign it, you slut!!"
"Y-Yes Sir." I quickly signed the contract and gave my thumbprint as before Adrain carved into my butt with his spankings.
"Just so all of you and especially you, Jizzmine, knows... This contract states that if you failed to earn a total of 20 thousand US dollars for us in a month, you will be sold away to Afghanistan where you will be completely naked and become a slave to those hot dessert men. So good luck to you, Jizzmine." Jeremy explained and I got so scared that I trembled in fear as my pussy leaked out my juices.
Adrain shouted "Look at her pussy! It's completely wet!!" Everyone looked and laughed at me. "She's really looking forward to be a naked dessert slave."
"Just send her there already!!"
"What a horny slut!!"
Lots of laughter from the men as I cried in shame of my horny pussy. Jeremy shoved the dildo inside my horny pussy and turned the switch on. "Now you will walk around in public and advertise yourself babe."
"N-No.. Please no.." I begged. I got manhandled into a white translucent dress and sent out of the nightclub!
----
As I walked alone with my hands cuffed behind my back in the red light district with my translucent white mini dress, a man came to me and asked "How much?"
"Huh?" I didn't understand his question and I got slapped in the face by him. "HOW MUCH TO PAY YOU FOR SEX?!" He shouted and I replied... "Nothing.. Sir.. I am.. am.. am.. free of charge... sir.."
"Really?" The man asked before he groped my boobs.
"Yes Sir.. Really. Just fuck me whenever you want.. Sir."
With one hand massaging my boobs, his other hand lifted up my dress and exposed my wet pussy in public!! "N-No!! Not here!!" I shouted and every passerby turned to stare at me. "Didn't you say whenever I wanted to? You lying bitch!!"
"Take off your pantie.. wait.. you aren't wearing any!! Hahaha!! You fucking slut!!" The man laughed at me as he started to finger my horny pussy. "N-No!! Ahh!!" It didn't take long for me to orgasm as I was already very horny.
"Take it off, baby!" The man said and removed my dress despite me not wanting to. I got naked in public as the man fucked my pussy and massaged my boobs!!
After he came inside my pussy, I was left naked without my clothes in the alley. My hands were cuffed behind my back and I had a choker around my neck with a bell on it. I cried to myself for accommodating to everyone so far but I had reached my limits. I professed my love towards to sky for my Master Owen before falling asleep.
When I felt my boobs being massaged, I woke up and struggled when a shadow massaged my boobs!! "Ah! N-No! Stop it!"
"Heh heh heh.. Free meat available!! Come join me, boys!!" The shadow spoke and I saw lots of shadows coming towards me as I slowly walked on my knees away from them.
"N-No.. Please don't.. Please!! Oh my god!! AHH!! NOO!!" I begged and screamed before I got gang molested and raped in public.
One of them made a joke out of me by saying "The bell ringing on her neck means she's excited and happy!!"
First, I got my anus smelt and licked. Secondly, my pussy got licked and I moaned out loud. Thirdly, my hair got pulled and my face got slapped. Finally, I got fucked over and over again as I orgasmed multiple times in pleasure and happiness.
I was drenched in cum when the gang of male strangers left after having their way with me. I tried to find my dildo but couldn't find it. My Nipple and clit vibe got turned on and I moaned loudly as I struggled to get up from the floor.
"Where are you? Come out!! I can feel.. ah.. feel it!! AHH!! Come on out!!" I shouted and no one came out. I knew someone was nearby as my nipple and clit vibes continued to vibrate and teased me. I got up and walked around the dark alley as I didn't want to walk naked in the public and be caught and used by strangers.
Suddenly, my collar electrocuted my neck and I screamed in pain. There was nothing I could do other than scream as I fell to my knees and my face smashed onto the ground. I didn't know that my childhood friend, Jeremy had installed this feature. I could be shocked and be rendered helpless and available by the members of the public that visited the porn website?! No....... ><
I blinked my eyes in horror as I saw a few boots and shoes coming for me. They pulled my hair up and slapped my face to wake me up before fingering my horny pussy. "N-No!! Stop it!!" I begged as I struggled helplessly and the men laughed.
I happily moaned out loud as I orgasmed hard with their fingers in my wet pussy and hands on my boobs as I knelt on the ground. "Are you Jizzmine? The horny and slutty porn star?" They asked and I nodded my head slowly. I was exhausted.
They laughed before pulling my hair and slapped my face multiple times while laughing and cheering. "Let's bring her to the shopping mall for some arcade fun!!"
"N-No wait!! I'm naked!! Please stop!! Ah!" I got slapped in the face as the men dragged my hair to the nearby shopping mall.
"So this is Jizzmine.. How lovely!" The security officer said before allowing us entry. The men dragged my hair into the cargo lift and I found myself on the highest floor of the shopping mall. "Go say hi to every man you see, baby! Start with him!!" I looked up and saw an oversized plump man but I'm not being mean.. I was thankful since I had to say hi to him and not one of my former boyfriends.. ><
"H-Hello Sir." I said.
"WoAh! What the fuck? Why are you naked?"
"I am a slave and a porn star.. My name is Jizzmine. Nice to meet you, Sir."
"Come on! Touch her breasts man!!" The men encouraged him.
"It's fine. I'm married as you can see." The man showed us his wedding ring.
"A man just rejected you... You need to be punished, Jizzmine." They said out loud and I apologized, "I'm really sorry sir.. please punish me.."
When we got to the arcade, there were a group of 18 to 19 year old males in their uniform. "N-No.. Please don't do this to me.." I begged but I got spanked on my butt and slapped in the face. "Behave yourself Jizzmine. Do you want us to refund the money?!"
The final nail in the coffin was when they asked "Do you want to disappoint your Master Owen?!"
"H-How did you know about that?" I asked.
"I am a V.I.P. You slut. Now go and say hello to the guys!!"
"Y-Yes Sir.."
I walked naked towards the young men and one of them shouted when he saw me "LOOK!! NAKED GIRL!!"
"Ha-Ha-Hello..." I said. "Nice to.. m-m-meet you...." I was completely blushing in shame as I greeted the group of male strangers. "M-My name.. my name.., my name is Jizzmine.. I.. I am.. erm.. I am a p-porn star and a... a.. a sex.. sex slave.. Sir..... P-Please have sex with.. with.. m-me.. Sir.. Fuck... Fuck me.. P-Please fuck m-me... Sir.."
The men handling my naked available body laughed out loud before those strangers cheered for me.. >< I felt so horny and I shamefully orgasmed in front of all of them.
The games began after my handcuffs were removed from my wrists. First I had to score above 100 in the basketball game or I will have sex outside the mall. When I scored a 122, the men told me that my reward was to be fucked in the handicap toilet.. ><
I followed the men as they dragged my hair and rubbed my butt to the handicap toilet for my reward sex. Then, they brought my naked available body back out and to the arcade.
'Find the difference' game with 2 photos. I was back in my handcuffs behind my back so I had to kiss the 5 differences. Even though I had found the last one, I couldn't kiss it properly and I failed the game.
The result was having sex with me sitting on top of the male stranger aka new friend in the arcades. The man pulled out and came onto my face before kissing me.