That old adage about avoiding mixing business with pleasure? It's a bloody good warning; one that I should have paid attention to. And on that note, may I very strongly recommend that you never, ever send the builder your wife is fucking to your parent's pub to do some work for them?
My parents are pains in the arse. Once they have an idea in their head, there's no convincing them that they're wrong/their idea is stupid or impractical/there is a better solution. And Mark, as it turned out, is one of those men who doesn't take kindly to being hassled while he's trying to do a job. I should have known there would be problems.
The long and the short of it is that on Wednesday morning, Sarah and I dropped the girls off at school and then headed out to the pub to help sort out the pair's woes. Neither of us were enthused at either the journey, nor the prospect of playing mediator.
Halfway through the trip out, Sarah asked if I'd made a decision about donating my sperm to Sunny and Lisa.
'I haven't even had time to think about it,' I admitted.
Sarah didn't respond.
'Would you rather I didn't?' I prompted.
'I, uh... I have a confession to make,' she said. 'I emailed Sunny. I asked her what sort of involvement they wanted you to have in the child's life. She replied last night.'
'What did she say?' I asked cautiously.
'She said they, um... Actually, just wait. I'll read you the response.' Sarah reached for her phone and opened her Hotmail account. 'Okay, here we go;
Hi Sarah
In an ideal world, we'd like Caleb to be involved in the child's upbringing. We'd like him to visit it weekly, and when it's older, we'd like it to spend time at your house. I want the child to know it's father, aunt (you!) and cousins/half-siblings. What are your thoughts?'
I mulled over my sister's words. I'd always had the impression that she was asking for a 'donate and go' type arrangement. I hadn't realised she wanted me to be so involved.
'You know what bothers me?' Sarah asked quietly. 'The three of you - Sunny, Lisa and you - will have a relationship that I'm in no way part of. I'll just be this person, sitting on the sidelines. And if they decide to pursue you for it, they might be successful in getting child support. I'm not sure I can cope with the idea of money being taken away frommychildren fortheirkid.'
'I'm sure they won't ask for money.'
'Can you ask them, please? Because if I ask, it's going to sound really crass.'
'Yeah, sure,' I replied. 'I'll email Sunny tonight.'
We continued the drive. I thought about Mark. He was fond of Sarah, there was no denying that. He liked her to a degree that transcended what I felt was normal in the circumstances. When she spoke, he listened, when she made a joke, he laughed, and when he was balls deep in her, there was something romantic and intimate about the way he touched her.
'Did you enjoy last Friday night at the pub?' I asked Sarah.
'You've asked me this about five times now, and I've said 'yes' each time,' Sarah replied. 'Why don't you believe me?'
'I do,' I argued. 'I was just thinking about Mark.'
'What about him?'
'You two seem to get on really well,' I said.
'Honestly?' she asked.
'Honestly,' I pressed.
She stared out the window. 'Quite honestly, having a sexual relationship with Mark, and having that friendship with him, is what's saving me from tearing my hair out about this sperm donation business.'
'I thought you were okay with the sperm donation.'
'Me too. Turns out I'm not.' She bit her bottom lip. 'He understands. Mark. He understands why it bothers me, whereas I feel like you don't get it.'
'You haven't even tried talking to me about this before now,' I responded, flummoxed. 'Are you telling me you've been talking about this to Mark, but not me?'
Sarah nodded. 'We were texting on Sunday. He's the one who suggested I contact Sunny to see what her intentions were.'
'You don't thinkIshould have been the one you were discussing this with?'
My wife bit her fingernail. 'Probably,' she admitted. 'I'm sorry. I just... I thought I was being unreasonable. I didn't want to seem bitter. And for what it's worth, Mark did suggest I should probably speak to you and not him about it.'
'Small fucking mercies,' I muttered under my breath.
'I'm sorry,' she repeated. 'I really am. I know I should have talked to you about it, I just... no, I'm not going to make an excuse. I'm sorry.'
You ever just feel trapped with no way out? That's how I felt, both with regards to the sperm donation, and with having to travel out to the pub to sort out Mark and my parents' dispute. My head hurt, my stomach was knotted up, and I just wanted to go back home and pretend none of this had ever happened.
It gutted me that Sarah had spoken to Mark about Sunny and Lisa's request. That was a topic that I didn't feel was appropriate to discuss outside the marriage. Why the fuck hadn't she come to me and told me how she felt? I was supposed to be her husband. What fucking place in her life did I have if she was sleeping with someone else as well as treating him as her sounding board?
Sarah wasn't any more at peace with the world. She was as stressed as I was, and when we arrived at my parents' pub, she tensely straightened her skirt and climbed out.
'I love you,' I told her. I desperately wished we were at home. I wanted to talk to her about the sperm donation. I wanted to ask her if she'd realised Mark had feelings for her. I wanted to bury my face in her pussy and remind her that I could be of use to her, too. 'Thanks for giving up your day off to sort this shit out.'
'Family,' she commiserated. 'Can't live with them, can't live without them.'
Mark wasn't at the pub. That would be too convenient, wouldn't it? Fuck me, I thought, this day just keeps getting better and better. I listened to my parents tell me how arguments had escalated that morning and Mark had packed up and fucked off, while wondering if I was too young to have a stress related heart attack.
'Where's Mark now?' I asked.
'I reckon he's at the Eastwood's,' Dad said. 'James Eastwood came and saw him yesterday night about doing some work for them. I told James to fuck off, that now wasn't the time to come askingmybuilder for favours, but off Mark went over yesterday afternoon, keen to have a look at doing some extra work while we were paying for his accommodation.'
Sarah and I exchanged glances. Neither of us wanted to touch this with a barge pole.
'I'll text Mark,' Sarah offered. 'We'll ask him his version of events.'
That was the wrong thing to say. My father blew up at her, telling her he'd already told her what happened, and anything Mark said to the contrary would be a lie.
As I said; my parents can be difficult.
'Sarah and I will go andfindMark,' I interrupted. 'Don't yell at her for trying to help.'
We got back in the car.
'Where do these people live?' Sarah asked.
'I have no idea. Do you want to call Mark?'
She nodded. 'Sure.'
Mark's phone rang out, but when she followed up with a text, he quickly responded with an address. I figured he was happy to see us in person, but not talk over the phone, which was reasonable in the circumstances.
'I can't believe you sent Mark out to work with your parents,' Sarah muttered darkly.
I've never been able to keep hold of my temper when I'm stressed out. The more anxious I am, the more likely I am to snap. Sarah and I have had some cracking arguments over our years together, and storm clouds had been gathering all day. The lightning was about to start.
'My bad, it's probably because I don't know him asintimatelyas you,' I responded.
'Oh, fuck you,' Sarah hissed.
'Fuck me? Fuckme? I'm not the one who's pushing the boundaries with our neighbour.'
'Hilarious. Absolutely fucking hilarious, Caleb,' she replied, her tone flat. 'I love that afteryoudecided we should have a root in front of him, andyoudecided we should go to a barbecue and start swinging,youare now also justified in telling me how I fit in with your little fantasy world, and what I am and aren't allowed to do.'
'It's not like I had to do much convincing, particularly the first time when we had a shag in front of Mark in the back yard,' I argued. 'You were naked and on my lap with bloody little prompting.'
Sarah didn't respond.
My GPS lost the signal and I pulled over to see if I could get it back. I knew it was a fruitless endeavour, but I was hopeful all the same.
While I was trying to see if I had internet access on my phone - I didn't - Sarah spoke.
'Do you remember when my laptop died and my phone wasn't charged, and I needed to log onto my bank account to pay our gas bill?' she asked.
'Kind of. That was, what, four or five months ago?'
'Seven months ago.' She stared at her lap. 'I know we had an agreement not to go through each other's phones or laptops or browsing history, but it was about that time you'd applied for your new job. I wanted to see if they'd contacted you. You had your explorer window open and I thought I'd just peek in your email account.'
'Okay,' I replied unsurely. This wasn't so bad. I communicate with a number of men and women, but it's never inappropriate.
'You had a tab open. Some sex forum.'
'Okay,' I repeated. A horrible feeling was starting to form in the pit of my stomach.
'You were logged in, and curiosity got the better of me. I had a look at some of your past posts. I always knew you were interested in voyeurism and swinging and that kind of thing. I was just curious about how deep those fantasies ran.'
I put the GPS back in it's special holder. I dreaded to think what she'd read.
'I saw a post someone had made asking everyone how far they'd go to fulfil a fantasy,' she said, her voice wavering. 'And you said that if there was no way your wife would ever find out...'
She trailed off and burst into tears. She didn't need to repeat the rest. I remembered the gist of what I'd written. If I could guarantee my wife would never find out about it, I'd have wild, uninhibited sex with a strange woman in front of an audience.
Yeah. There's no hiding that one. No denying what I meant. No double meanings. I'd publicly announced I'd cheat on my wife, and my wife, to my regret, had found out about it.
'I'm sorry,' I apologised.
She wiped her eyes. 'Why the fuck did you marry me if I wasn't what you wanted?'
I didn't verbally respond. I unclipped my seatbelt, unclipped hers, then pulled her onto my lap. She cried into my shirt, leaving it wet with her tears, while I apologised over and over and over again.
I wondered if she wanted to leave me. Maybe she'd want to leave me for Mark. I tried not to think of her and the girls living in the Queenslander, happy as can be, while I lived the miserable, bitter life of a divorced man. It would be my fault, wouldn't it? Without me, she never would have had sex in front of Mark. Never would have slept with him. Never given him the opportunity to fall in love with her.
We stayed on the side of the road for a good twenty minutes. It was Sarah's phone buzzing that broke through her tears, and forced her to compose herself.
'It's Mark,' she said. 'He wants to know where we are.'
I told her the address. She repeated it to Mark, and he spoke through the phone to her.
'We're two minutes away,' Sarah told me, ending the call. 'Let's go sort this out.'
~~~~~~~~~~~
Five minutes later I was standing out the front of the Eastwood's house with Mark, trying to nut things out. The Eastwoods were inside the house. Sarah was waiting in the car. It was just Mark and I, on a dry patch of grass, each of us wishing they weren't in the other's company.
'They arguments started on Monday night,' Mark told me. 'Your parents didn't understand why I stopped work at seven pm. I tried to explain that there are residential neighbours and because of them, there are noise restrictions, but they told me they'd sort out any complaints. I wasn't too happy because I'd be the one copping a fine if council came along, not them, so I refused to do anymore until Tuesday morning. It sort of went downhill from there.'
'And then the Eastwoods came and asked you to do some work?' I prodded.
Mark shrugged. 'I didn't see a problem with it. If I'm not working, I don't get paid. There's no automatic pay check waiting for me at the end of each week.'
I hadn't actually thought about that.
'There isn't much more work I need to do at your parent's pub,' he added. 'Only a few hours' worth. I was going to go around tomorrow and finish it off. I told them I'd be done by Thursday afternoon and I'll finish on schedule.'
'Why didn't you just finish it today?' I asked. 'Why come here and start working for the Eastwoods?'
'I didn't really feel like putting up with any more of their shit,' he said. 'If it makes you feel any better, just tell them I'll be back tomorrow. Everything will be as I promised.'
'Where are you going to stay tonight?' I asked. 'At the pub, or somewhere else?'
'What does it matter to you?' he responded.
I didn't have an answer.
'Ring your parents,' he said. He sighed tiredly. 'Tell them I'll be back tomorrow morning. I'll be there by ten at the absolute latest.'
I nodded. 'Thanks mate.'
It was something of a resolution, but at the same time, it wasn't a resolution at all. I felt both guilty and angry. Guilty because I knew how wretched my parents could be, but angry because he'd agreed to do the work, and then had taken another job on before finishing his work at the pub.
I could feel Sarah staring at us from the car, and the Eastwoods staring at us from their veranda. This was a small town, and everyone knew everyone else's business. The Eastwoods knew why I was here.
'I'll be off,' I said.
'Yeah,' he agreed. 'Back to your white collar job where it doesn't matter if it's raining, or if you hurt yourself, or if you're on the wrong side of forty, because none of that matters; you'll get a job and a pay check anyway. Back to your wife and kids.'
When I repeat those words back to myself, it sounds like a threat, or a dig at my masculinity, but when he spoke them, the tone he used suggested nothing of the sort. He just sounded worn down and frustrated, and I got the impression he was trying to tell me something that he knew I'd never understand.
I went back to the car.
'What did he say?' Sarah asked.
'He said he'd be back tomorrow to finish the job.' I rubbed my temples. I was mentally exhausted. 'Let's go back to Brisbane. I can't deal with seeing my parents again. I'll ring them on the way and let them know that everything's okay.'
~~~~~~~~~
In some ways, Sarah and I are a stereotype. When she doesn't want to deal with life, she busies herself with the kids. When I don't want to deal with life, I find household projects to keep me entertained.
We didn't speak about Mark or sperm donation or internet posts. We spoke about what the girls were doing, and the dodgy repairs and renovations we, and the previous owners, had done on the cottage. Sarah planned to do more crafting with the girls. I researched hard plaster repairs.
Mark came home on Saturday afternoon. I went over to speak to him, to apologise about my parents, and found that rather than unpacking, he was re-packing.
'Where are you off to?' I asked.
'Back out West,' he replied. 'I've had a lot of people come by asking about me doing small jobs, and I still haven't finished at the Eastwoods.'
'I'm surprised the Eastwoods have the money to pay you,' I said. They'd never been a wealthy family. They had a small farm and though they worked hard, there was only so much they could do with what they had.
'We agreed that they'd give me room and board, and teach me how to shoot, in exchange for labour.'
'How to shoot?' I echoed.
Mark shrugged. 'Always wanted to learn.'
I frowned. 'So how long are you going to be out there?'
'Probably a month or so,' he replied. 'I can't really hang around, anyway. The house is going to be moved and re-stumped this week.'
'Council approved it?'
He nodded. 'Yeah, there were no worries at all. The subdivision should be finalised in the next few weeks. Then I'll get the Queenslander finished, put her up for sale, and move on.'
'I'd thought you were going to live there,' I remarked.
'I was,' he agreed. 'It's probably best I move on, though.'
Mark continued to load his supplies into his ute. He was good at his job, that much was impossible to deny. Even my parents had conceded that the work he'd done at the pub had exceeded their expectations.
'I'm thinking about fixing a patch of hard plaster that's come off one of our walls,' I said. 'Any advice?'
'Hard plaster? Where's there hard plaster in your house?' he asked.
'In the kitchen.'
'You sure it's hard plaster and not plasterboard?'
'Pretty sure.'
'You mind if I have a look?' he asked.
'Yeah, no worries,' I agreed.
He'd never been inside our place before. Sarah and the kids were out the back, picking the last of the season's strawberries, so it was just he and I inside.
'Who renovated?' he asked.
'The previous owners, me, Sarah, and a motley assembly of tradesmen,' I replied. 'We're still working on it.'
He nodded. 'Has it given you some grief?'
'Tons. Nothing is standard, and we had the place re-stumped, but it's still not quite level. It beats me how people make money renovating, because this place has cost us a fortune and there's still a ton of stuff to be done.'
Mark laughed under his breath. 'My biggest loss on a house is over fifty thousand.'
'Ouch.'
We went to the kitchen and Mark agreed that yes, someonehadused hard plaster. They'd used it to cover a brick wall, and had either not prepared the wall correctly, or had mixed the compound incorrectly. He recommended I call in an expert. He had a friend who'd be able to give me advice.
'So I'm out of a Saturday morning project?' I asked.
Mark looked around the house. 'I wouldn't say that. There's a few things I could quickly teach you how to fix.'
'I'm scared by how quickly you're picking up all the problems,' I replied.
'Old houses are never perfect, but yours has a lot of character,' he said. 'Sometimes I think people take renovating a step too far and their house becomes sterile. Deb's apartment is like that. You can't relax.'
I thought back to our weekend with Deb, and for whatever reason, her comment about Mark having been married popped into my mind. I found it a bit weird that Mark had never mentioned his ex-wife. We knew him relatively well by now, but there had been no comments, no remarks, no nothing. It was as if she had never existed.
As Mark inspected our bedroom and bathroom doors - none of them sat flush, and none shut without being shoved into place - I asked him how long he'd been divorced.
The question surprised him. He stopped what he was doing for a few seconds as he took stock of what I'd asked. Then he went back to what he was doing and gave me an answer.
'Nearly twenty years,' he said. 'I got married at eighteen, she left me when I was twenty-five, and the divorce was finalised when I was twenty-seven.'
'How old are you?'
'Forty-five.' He stood back and inspected the bathroom door. 'This is an external door. All of your internal doors are actually external entry doors. Did you and Sarah do this, or did the previous owners?'
'Both. There were no internal doors when we bought the place, but the old owners said there were four spares in the back shed. When Sarah and I moved in, we tried to put them up.'
'But external doors weigh a lot more than internal doors. Didn't you notice the extra weight?'
'No,' I admitted.
Mark shook his head. 'Not a month goes by without me seeing something I didn't ever dream of seeing,' he said.
'That doesn't surprise me,' I agreed. I wasn't sure I wanted him doing any more inspecting of the house. I was slightly worried about what he might find. Ignorance can be bliss when it comes to houses. 'Why did your wife leave you?'
'She found another man.'
'Did you know him? Was he someone you were swinging with?'
Mark stopped what he was doing and leant against the bathroom vanity. It was the same bathroom vanity I'd fucked Sarah against countless times. It smelt like her in here; of her body wash and shaving cream and shampoo. You can't share a bathroom with a woman and not have it smell of her.
How did Mark feel, standing here in the bathroom where my wife pissed and shat and showered? Did he want to share this room with her? Or would the memories of me pleasuring her haunt the place?
'I only married Jenna because she was pregnant,' Mark said. 'We were stupid, both of us. She wasn't on the pill, and I hated condoms, so I'd either pull out and come on her stomach, or just take my chances. She ended up pregnant, and we ended up married.'
'What happened to the baby?'
'It was born five months later, and followed by two more in the next couple of years. Then she got bored, found a new man, and told me she was leaving.'
'I didn't realise you had kids.'
'I don't see them.'
'Why not? I can't imagine not seeing my girls. It'd kill me. Did you try and get access? Go to Court? I have two mates who are divorced. One of them managed to sort out custody without going to Court, and the other used the mediation service. They both said it was relatively simple.'
'I'm happy for them,' Mark replied drily.
He tilted his head towards the doorway, which I was blocking. I moved out of the way.
'What do you suggest?' I asked.
'About the house?' he clarified. 'I suggest you leave it alone before you fuck up anything else. If you can't tell the difference between an external and internal door, then you're the last person who should be picking up a hammer.'
This time, I was in no doubts about the tone of his voice. He was angry.
I knew it probably had something to do with my questions about his ex-wife.
~~~~~~
The week passed. I went back to my forum post several times and tried to imagine Sarah's reaction when she read it.
A lot of people post shit online, things that they don't truly believe or wouldn't ever do, but the problem with that particular missive was that it had been a hundred percent truthful. Going back six, twelve months, when I was at a point where I thought I'd never be able to indulge my fantasy, if the right opportunity had arisen with a woman who wasn't my wife, I know I probably wouldn't have hesitated.
It wasn't that I didn't love Sarah. I was absolutely crazy about her. She was the best thing that had ever happened to me. It was just... I'd wanted something extra. It was greed. Sexual greed.
Mark came home the following weekend. He had Deb over, and from the sounds of it another young woman was there. The three of them were sitting on the back veranda, talking and laughing. I wondered why they hadn't invited us over, and went and asked Sarah if she thought we were being snubbed.
'Probably,' she agreed.
'Are you angry about it?' I prodded.
'I'm angry that you decided to line him up to do work for your parents knowing full well what they're like,' she responded. She was in the midst of tying the bin bag. 'I'm taking the rubbish out. Can you put a new liner in, please?'
Sarah went outside with the bag of trash. I waited for her to come inside, so we could continue the conversation, but I instead heard her talking to someone. Deb. Sarah and Deb were talking.
Five minutes later, Sarah came back inside.
'They're having a barbecue,' she said. 'We're invited. They said to bring the kids. Apparently Deb bought over a swinging friend for Mark, but neither the woman nor Mark is sexually interested in the other.'
'Do you want to go?' I asked.
Stupid question. Of course she wanted to go. Mark was there, wasn't he?
You're probably wondering why I didn't just say 'no' and tell her that the feelings Mark had for her, and that she had for him, were making me uncomfortable. I suppose I just felt guilty. I was the one who had instigated these activities. I was the one who had posted on a forum that I'd cheat on my wife. And Mark had said he was planning on selling the Queenslander, hadn't he? So sooner or later, he'd be gone from our lives.
We rounded the girls up and told them we were going to Mark's house for a barbecue. They were showered and dressed in record time. Sarah followed suit, and finally, I got under the water and washed my hair. Then the four of us went next door, carrying booze, soft drink and a goodly amount of meat.
Deb answered the door, took one look at the steak and sausages and told us to take it back home.
'Mark's gone feral,' she told us. 'I'm not sure there's any small game left west of Toowoomba.'
'Did he make sausages?' Sarah asked.
'Not yet,' Deb smiled. 'Give him time and he'll probably have a crack.'
'The girls only eat sausages,' Sarah said. 'I'll put the steak in the fridge and take it back home later.'
The steak was put in the fridge, and we carried the sausages out the back. Mark had just started the barbecue and was drinking a beer and talking to a voluptuous woman in her early thirties. She was probably around five foot six and chubby but in an extremely sexy way. She had dark, shiny hair, pale skin, and was wearing what I can only describe as 'librarian glasses'.
Mark introduced her to us as Alannah. I wondered if Mark had rocks in his head, because she was most definitely fuckable. Sarah obviously felt the same way, because she blushed a bit as she shook Alannah's hand and Alannah, in response, giggled and gave Sarah a private smile.
My daughters wanted to show me Mark's foreign currency collection. I looked to Mark for confirmation that this was okay, and he nodded and said he'd start cooking later. We could show the girls the coins, and let the three women have a chat and a glass of wine in peace.
'We can use a barbecue, Mark,' Deb said drily.
Mark knew better than to try and argue that he wasn't being sexist. He and I took the girls inside and spent what seemed an interminably long time reviewing historical and foreign notes and coins. While we sorted through his collection, I apologised to him for asking about his ex-wife.
'It's all good, mate. I know why you'd ask,' he replied.
I picked up a coin with the hole punched in the middle and toyed with it. 'Are you really selling the Queenslander when you've finished with it?'
'I am.'
'Because of...?' I prompted.
He met my eye. 'Sarah,' he said simply.
There it was. An acknowledgement of what I'd known almost from the beginning; he had feelings for my wife.
The children were with us, so we couldn't talk as openly as I wanted to, but with careful wording, we could still discuss the situation.
'It's never happened to me before,' he mused aloud. 'Never caught feelings for anyone. I thought I was immune from it. For what it's worth; I'm sorry. I really fell in love with this house. I thought it'd be my final purchase. The plan was to try and work as much as I could before my body gave out, then just do the odd cash in hand job until I totally gave up the ghost.'
'Is Sarah like your ex-wife? Are they similar?'
'No.' He snorted. 'Fuck no. Completely opposite.'
Watching Mark interact with my daughters made it clear that he obviously had some experience with children. He was a bit rusty at first, but he soon remembered what sort of things young children like to talk about, and how they want adults to respond.
Deb yelled out that the sausages were ready, and both girls took off. Mark and I stayed inside.
'When my ex-wife left, she decided that she wanted to entirely cut ties with me,' Mark explained. 'She and her new fella took the kids to New South Wales. I tried to get access, but there were always excuses as to why I couldn't see them. I applied to the Court to get visitation. They told us to go through mediation, and we did. She agreed to regular visits. But when push came to shove, and I wanted to come around, there was always an excuse, always a reason why I couldn't see them.
I went back to Court. We got a hearing, and she was told to honour the agreement. Needless to say, she didn't, so we made yet another trip back to Court. The Judge made it clear to her that he wasn't buying her bullshit; she needed to let me see the kids. So, two years and three months after I last saw them, I was allowed to pick them up and take them to my house for the weekend. I went over, and all three kids were terrified. The two eldest had been fed a line of shit about how I was going to hit them. The youngest had no memory of me.
I made it about two hundred metres down the road with three screaming, crying kids, before I pulled over and had a good think about what was going on. I had two choices; I could keep fighting for access, keep going to Court, and keep trying to prove to my kids that I wasn't a monster, and probably scar them emotionally in the process, or I could walk away.' Mark shrugged defensively. 'I took them back to their mother's house. Told her that if they ever asked for me, to tell me, but otherwise, I'd stay away.'
'Have you spoken to your kids since that day?'
He nodded. 'My eldest and youngest got in touch a few years ago and we'll email each other now and then. The middle one doesn't want to know me. Says she already has a father - her stepfather - and she has no interest in a relationship with me.'
'Jesus, that's rough.'
'I wouldn't ever do to a man what my ex-wife's new husband did to me,' Mark said. 'I wouldn't ever try and take Sarah away from you. That's the last thing I'd do. But I'm worried that if I keep living here, it's going to cause tension. I'm not destroying her life or yours. I might love her, but that doesn't mean I don't have ethics.'
I had no idea what to say.
'You're a lucky man,' he remarked. 'She'd do anything for you.'
I guiltily thought back to my internet post. Sarah would do anything for me, and I'd cheat on her to fulfil a fantasy. It kind of said everything you needed to know, didn't it?
'Do you know about my internet post?' I asked Mark.
He nodded. 'Sarah told me the morning we went home from the Gold Coast.'
'How mad was she?'
'She wasn't mad, Caleb. She was hurt. That's what I was saying, mate, about her doing anything for you. She was prepared to sleep with me to make you happy. You're a lucky man. My ex wouldn't even let me see my kids. Sarah will do just about anything for you.'
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sarah came and dragged us out of the room, and away from our stuffy, miserable conversation, to the bright back veranda and the wonderful scent of barbecued meat.
Unlike Mark and I, the women had been laughing and joking and their cheerful moods made it impossible for me to dwell too much on my conversation with Mark. Food was eaten, dishes were washed, and fresh drinks were poured.
'How would you like me to babysit the girls tonight?' Deb asked. 'I can take them over to your house, watch a movie with them, and put them to bed.'
'Oh, you don't have to,' I said. 'Sarah and I will take them home soon.'
Deb gave me a pointed stare. Understanding dawned. Oh. Oh, oh, oh, I thought.
'Are you sure you don't want me to look after them, and leave the three of you here?' I asked.
Deb leant in to my ear. 'I'm straight, Caleb, and three pussies are a little too much even for Mark. Let me take care of your daughters, and let Sarah see what it's like to sleep with a woman.'
I challenge any heterosexual man not to get excited by the prospect of watching his wife with another woman. Half an hour later, Deb took the girls back to our cottage for a movie, showers and sleep, and Mark, Alannah, Sarah and I went inside. It was funny how a few extra people could change the sexual dynamics. Mark and Alannah might have had no interest in sleeping with each other, but now Sarah and I were getting involved, they both seemed keen to take things further.
Before I had a chance to ponder how events might commence, Sarah and Alannah started making out on Mark's couch. My cock was instantly hard. I love amateur lesbian porn and I was getting a front row seat to a live show. What wasn't to like?
The women slowly removed each other's clothes. Sarah's top and bra were first to go, followed by Alannah's dress. I didn't even bother trying not to stare as my wife unclipped her female lover's bra, and sent two enormous white tits tumbling free. Sarah wasted no time sucking each large, pale pink nipple to hardness.
Mark nudged me. 'Alannah's rules are no penetration without express permission, a condom for everything including blow jobs, and no photos.'
I'd forgotten about the 'rules' issue. Sarah and I had never created our own set, despite Deb's suggestion that we create some limits for ourselves.
'Sure,' I agreed.
The two women were now completely naked. Sarah was taller, slimmer and firmer than Alannah, and her skin was quite tanned on her arms, legs and face, whereas Alannah was heavier, with much larger breasts and very white skin. Their limbs were tangled up and their hair fell over their faces as they kissed and caressed each other's bodies.
Sarah shifted position and I caught a glimpse of her shaved pussy. Judging by the way Mark's breath hitched, he'd seen it, too, and he'd had the same thought as me; I could fuck that right now. I could walk up and put my cock in that warm, wet tunnel and fuck Sarah until she was screaming.
But neither Mark nor I wanted to ruin the moment with anything so crass. The girls were spectacular. They were both moaning and giggling, their flesh jiggling invitingly as they rolled around the couch.
Alannah, pinned beneath my wife, gazed over wantonly at Mark.
'Can we go to your bedroom?' she asked. 'I bought a strap on with me. I want her to fuck me.'
'Go for it,' Mark said.
Minutes later Mark and I were leaning against the bedroom door while Alannah helped Sarah put on her first strap-on cock. The straps were shiny black leather and the dildo was a bright, dark purple. When she had it in place, Sarah turned to Mark and I and smiled. She masturbated her fake cock for our benefit, a move which amused Mark and aroused me. As I've said; I have a thing for chicks with dicks, and the best sort of chick with a dick is a bisexual or lesbian woman wearing a strap on.
Sarah and Alannah resumed their passionate make-out session, rolling around the bed and fondling Sarah's penis. After a period, Sarah rolled Alannah onto her back, spread her legs, and lined up her dildo. She very cautiously eased herself in, pushing forward until she was buried up to the hilt. Alannah let out a moan and tilted her hips upwards.
My wife began to fuck her. She was careful at first, going quite slowly, her face a mask of concentration. As she grew more confident she began to speed up. Alannah started moaning, and she grabbed a leg in each hand to give my wife better access.
I reached down my pants and readjusted my cock. The head was leaking, and I felt incredibly turned on. It was all I could do not to pull it out and have a wank.
Alannah's cries increased. All of a sudden, she grabbed onto Sarah, let out a moan, and bucked and twisted with the unmistakable jerking motions of a woman having an orgasm.
My wife had made her climax. My wife had fucked another woman until she came. I was extremely proud, and extremely horny. I wanted to grab Sarah and pound her senseless, but it seemed my wife wasn't quite done.
'She said she can have multiple orgasms,' Sarah told me, pulling her cock out and removing the harness. 'I want to eat her out.' She turned to Alannah. 'Do you mind if Caleb helps me? I'm not really sure what to do.'
'You can do whatever you want,' Alannah said. 'All of you, do whatever you want.'
Mark fished curiously around Alannah's bag of goodies. He found a pair of handcuffs. 'Can I put these on you?' he asked. 'Can I tie you to the bed?'
Alannah nodded. 'Please, yes, just don't stop the party now.'
Mark busied himself tying her arms to the headboard, while Sarah and I spread Alannah's plump white thighs as wide as we could. My wife was pressed up against me and together we stared at the beauty of Alannah's pink, wet sex.
I kissed my wife, then leant down to kiss Alannah's pussy lips. Sarah mimicked my actions on the opposite side, and together we kissed, licked and explored Alannah's nether regions. I didn't know what Mark was doing to her up top, but by the sounds of it, Alannah was enjoying it.
The air was moist and humid. It carried the scent of feminine secretions, sweat and Sarah's perfume. My wife and I began to steadily lick our respective sides of Alannah's swollen clit, and I heard Alannah let out a seductive moan.
Sarah and I continued without breaking stride. Alannah began to grind against our faces, but with her hands secured above her head, she had no way of holding us in place or directing us. She simply had to wait until we struck the right rhythm for her.
I glanced up and saw that Mark was playing with her lovely, huge tits. He was slobbering all over her nipples while my wife and I did the same to her love button. Alannah was completely at our mercy. All three of us were using her body against her. She was losing all sense of self control as the minutes passed, and I began to sense her desperation.
'Stop,' I said to Sarah, pulling my wife back. 'Mark, stop. Let's leave her here to watch us for a while.'
'No,' Alannah whimpered. 'Please, no. Please let me come.'
I grinned wickedly. 'Soon.'
The sheer desperation on her face made Sarah, Mark and I exchange evil smiles.
'Caleb, how about you eat out Sarah while I continue to tease Alannah?' Mark suggested. 'I won't let her come.'
'Sounds good,' I agreed.
Mark and I had Sarah lie alongside Alannah. Then I knelt between my wife's legs and began to lick her pussy, while Mark stroked and tweaked Alannah's erect nipples, and gently fingered her pussy.
My wife's cunt was drenched. She covered my face in her slick juices, and she held my head exactly where she wanted as she face fucked me. In the background, I heard Mark ask Alannah if she was jealous, and I heard Alannah beg him to let her orgasm.
Sarah climaxed, screaming out my name as she pushed my face between her legs. Her whole lower half lurched off the bed in her desperation to quell the intense spasms of orgasm, but I held her in place and continued licking her clit until her body fell limp and she pushed me away.
I glanced over at Mark and Alannah. Alannah was desperately twisting and squirming, trying to get enough stimulation out of Mark to come.
'Should we lick her again?' Sarah asked me.
'Definitely,' I agreed.
My wife and I resumed our position between Alannah's thighs while Mark continued to play with her delectable tits. Alannah was covered in sweat and her body was twitching. It didn't take long for her to start pushing her cunt against Sarah and I.
Alannah came with a shriek that I'm sure people two miles away could have heard. Her whole body heaved, but she couldn't grab at Sarah or my heads because of the restraints. I could feel her lady liquid gushing over my wife and I, and her thighs clamping around our necks. One of her feet was kicking at my side.
Eventually she lay back on the bed, sexually sated and panting. I was ridiculously horny. There was no point trying to have penetrative sex with anyone; I was too horny to last any sort of respectable time, so instead I wanked myself furiously.
Sarah asked me if I wanted to finish on her tits, which of course I did. We adjusted position so I could finish that way, and I duly climaxed, leaving her chest covered in my issue. My legs were shaking. It had been intense.
Mark unshackled Alannah, then reached for tissues and gently wiped my cum off my wife. It's funny, but I used to always find myself staring at Mark's cock. It had just seemed like the ultimate sexual tool, the kind of prick that women lusted over. But now I found myself more intrigued by the way he touched her, smiled at her, and kissed her. I'd been angry at him for loving her, but maybe I shouldn't have been.
'Get in there,' I said to Mark, cocking my head at Sarah's pussy. 'She's so wet, you'll just slide right in.'
Mark turned to Sarah and smiled. She returned the smile, and pulled him in for a kiss. She spread her legs for him, giving him all the access to her cunt that he needed, but he didn't penetrate. He asked me to get a condom for him out of the bedside table. I found one for him, handed it over, and watched as he pulled it on himself with fumbling hands.
Then he was burying himself in my wife, and both Alannah and I watched with interest as his length was swallowed up. Sarah let out a moan. Mark grinned, muttered something unintelligible, and began to fuck her.
Like me, he didn't last very long. I don't care who you are, watching two women get it on together just does something to your brain. It short circuits it, and arouses you far more quickly and strongly than regular sex acts.
Mark came with my wife's legs around his back, and his lips pressed against her forehead. When he'd finished, he stayed inside her for a bit. His eyes were shut and he was kissing her very gently, his lips brushing against her face and lips.
I realised he was saying a private good-bye to her. Without speaking a word to either my wife or myself, he was disentangling himself from us. Finalising his engagement.
I can't tell you why, but it made me feel rather sad and mean that I would be willing to take him away from my wife, and my wife away from him.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Mark went back out West the following day.
Sarah and I were both rather subdued. We were no longer avoiding each other, but we weren't really communicating, either.
A week after our fuck with Alannah and Mark, Sarah asked me how I was going with the sperm donation decision.
'I don't know,' I admitted. 'I emailed Sunny and Lisa last night and spoke about the financial side of things. They've said they have no intention of claiming child support.'
'That's good.'
'Yeah.' I regarded my beautiful wife carefully. She seemed to have spent as much time mulling over this issue than I had, but unlike me, she seemed to have made a decision about how she felt about it. 'What do you think?'
'Can you remember when I was pregnant for the second time, and we used to panic about not loving the second child as much as the first?'
'Yep.'
'Well, I was panicking that if you had a child with Sunny and Lisa, you'd love our kids less. But I don't think that'll happen. Love isn't this finite resource that can only go so far. Besides, it'd be nice for the girls to have a close bond with another child, and it'd be nice for Sunny and Lisa to have a child with a genetic link to both of them. You're the only way that can happen. They've asked your other brothers to donate, but the both said 'no'.'
'So you think I should do it?'
'Only if you're comfortable with it.'
I thought about it. 'I am,' I said slowly. 'I'll give them a call and see if they still want my baby batter.'
~~~~
Three weeks after that, the pub officially changed hands. A joint farewell to the old owners, and welcome to the new one, was organised.
Sarah and I travelled out with the girls. I felt rather nostalgic about the pub being sold. My parents had bought it when I was four years old and now not only were they selling the venue, but they were moving to the Gold Coast, hours way from the country. Other than my two brothers and their families, who lived in the Darling Downs, I'd have no reason to visit the area.
To my surprise, Mark was at the farewell/welcome and to my even greater surprise, my parents spoke highly of him. It was as if their whole stupid spat had never existed.
Neither Sarah nor I had seen Mark in a month. We'd seen tradesmen come and go as they worked on his house, but there had been no sign of our neighbour and he hadn't made any move to contact us. Nor had we made any move to contact him.
I bought him a beer and asked how he was faring.
'Oh, it's a different way of life out here,' he remarked.
'Are you planning on staying out here much longer?'
'I could stay out here forever if I wanted. There's enough work going around.'
That didn't answer my question.
'Where are you staying?' I asked. 'Still at the Eastwoods?'
He shook his head. 'No, I'm actually staying at an old farm worker's cottage at the O'Sullivan's farm. It had been vacant for a while and they needed some emergency repairs to keep it weatherproof. We did a deal on pricing, and it includes my living there while I'm out here.'
'Kyle O'Sullivan?'
He nodded.
'Is he drinking?' I asked curiously.
'Don't think so,' Mark replied. 'Why?'
'Curiosity,' I admitted. 'He used to be a full blown alcoholic. He was one of my parents' biggest clients.'
We drank our beers in silence. Around us people were laughing and talking and reminiscing. Sarah was with the girls in the bistro area, and I noticed Mark gazing at my wife.
'Did Sarah forgive you for the internet post?' he asked.
'I think so. We've talked about it a bit.'
'She's a good woman. She loves you.'
'She loved you, too,' I said.
Mark didn't respond.
'I'm donating sperm to my sister and her girlfriend,' I said. 'I was kind of sitting on the fence about it when Sarah pointed out that you can love more than one person at a time. That really hit home in more ways than one.'
'When does the baby-making due to start?'
'Next month. I need to get a STD test and after that, it's all on,' I said.
I licked my bottom lip nervously. What I was about to say didn't come easy to me. It was something I wanted to say, but it was also incredibly difficult, because I knew that by offering what I was about to offer, I was risking my relationship.
'Mate, I knew you had feelings for Sarah,' I said. 'But I think you were giving her something she wasn't getting from me, and vice versa. Sarah and I have talked about it at length. If you two want to have a relationship, we're fine with it, so long as it doesn't affect our marriage.'
Mark's expression was hard to read. He was obviously considering what I had said to him.
'If I have any sort of relationship with her, it'll inevitably affect your marriage,' he pointed out.
'Well, that's true,' I agreed. 'But having a child with my sister and sister-in-law will also 'affect' things. By 'not affect', I mean 'not ruin'. I want to keep everything respectful.'
'And Sarah agrees with this?'
'Yeah, mate. We finally created some rules.'
'About time,' he said wryly.
'Yeah.' I took a sip of my beer. 'So what do you think?'
Mark reached out to shake my hand. I shook it.
'Thank-you,' he said, his voice genuine. 'Thank-you.'
We finished our beers. I knew that letting Mark and Sarah have a relationship was a good choice, one that would give Sarah something to herself when a new baby came along and she was inevitably feeling left out, but I also felt somewhat queasy at the thought of another man loving my wife.
Sarah came over, a shy smile on her face. She knew what we'd been talking about, and from the way Mark was staring at her, she knew he'd jumped at the chance to have a romantic and sexual relationship with her.
I excused myself to the bathroom.
While I was washing my hands, a man a few years older than me walked in. I knew his face, but it took me a while to recognise him. When I realised who he was, I blushed. Jed. The farmer's son who had fucked his wife in my parent's hotel back when I was a horny eighteen year old with a starfish girlfriend.
'Caleb,' he said with a nod. 'Today must be a strange day for you.'
'Yeah, it is,' I agreed. 'Lots of memories here.'
'Me too. I remember Hannah and I staying here back when we were nineteen, twenty years old, still living at home, and our parents disapproved of our relationship. We'd pony up the money for a night's accommodation and fuck each other's brains out.'
'Whatever happened to Hannah?'
'Married her. Three kids.'
'Your parents grow to like her?'
He chuckled under his breath. 'Nah, not a chance. Her folks can't stand the sight of me, and mine can't stand the sight of her.' He started to piss. 'Who's that bloke that's with your wife?'
'Our neighbour.'
'Just a neighbour?'
He didn't sound judgemental and maybe that's why I decided to be truthful.
'No, not just a neighbour.'
Jed nodded. 'Didn't think so. Is he screwing her, or you and her?'
'Just her.'
'Hannah and I do that sometimes. Swap around a bit with other couples. I figured you'd also be the kind who was interested. I remember you having a good old gander at her and I having a fuck one Saturday morning.'
My heart began to thump.
Jeb glanced over and grinned conspiratorially. 'Let me know if you're interested.'
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
So here we are, eighteen months on. My wife has a boyfriend who loves her. I fathered a son for my sister. The road has been rocky at time, but it has been a path well worth travelling. I think we are all in a better place for the trials and tribulations that have come our way, and I can honestly say I have never loved my wife more than I do now.
And as for our cottage, it looks better than ever. There are perks to having your wife fuck a tradesman.
The End