Manas was very nervous, it was his first trip abroad. He had joined this multinational company less than a year ago, and now he was asked to travel to Texas. He had been brilliant in whatever little time he had spent in the company, and the trip was more of a recognition of his capability. He was picked up from the airport by a company arranged limo and dropped into a fully furnished house, which was to be his abode for the next six months. As he dropped his luggage and sat on the sofa, the reality kicked in, he had never stayed alone in his life, the feeling of having no one to talk to, in this unknown place, along with a hostile and challenging work environment overshadowed the excitement of his first visit to the country of dreams.
Manas was very happy to meet his teammate who was staying in the same apartment neighborhood, Rajeev was also on an assignment and was in Texas with his wife. They had reached the US a month earlier and were happy to see Manas as they too felt lonely in this new country. Rajeev introduced his wife Anjali to Manas. They spent the evening over a cup of hot tea, some snacks and talking about a whole lot of things they miss about India.
"Manas, I need to visit the Chicago office for a month, and I can't take Anjali along. She will be staying back here, and I request you to help her in case she needs anything." Just a week into his visit, Rajeev requested Manas.
"I have stocked up on her needs, however she will need your help in driving her around for groceries, or any other emergencies." Rajeev looked really grateful to have Manas around.
"Don't worry about Anjali, I will take care if she needs anything." Said Manas.
The three of them had gelled well in a short time and they had become accustomed to each other's company. Anjali was not really worried about staying alone as Manas had been a very good friend to them, helpful, jovial and a decent person.
Manas got busy with his work, and did not check much about Anjali, he assumed she would call if she needed anything, and he was also not so comfortable spending too much time with a married woman, who was alone.
It was Friday evening when Anjali called him. "Hi Manas, sorry to disturb you on Friday evening, but I need your help in driving me to the grocery store, if possible can we go today evening or sometime tomorrow?." Requested Anjali.
"Oh sure, we can go today itself, I was not doing anything important." Said Manas, and he apologized for not checking up on her over the week.
Anjali had liked Manas when she saw him the very first time. He was this nerdy man of 21/22 years, just how she was when she had got out of college. She was anything but nerdy in appearance now, 10 years in corporate culture and 2 years of married life had transformed her completely. At 34 Anjali was a well read, smart, intelligent and beautiful woman. Many people had complimented her on her curves, but she cherished the compliments she got on her sense of humor.
Manas stayed in the neighbouring block to that of Anjali's house. He made it to her house within 5 minutes from the phone call. He had always been quick and prompt with respect to time. Anjali was surprised to see him this early, she was not yet ready. Anjali was in her jammies when she opened the door for him.
Manas had only seen Anjali in presence of Rajeev so far, he had always seen her in casual yet well dressed up attire. He was surprised to see her in jammies. She looked a lot younger in these casual clothes. He could see her curves more prominently, and he seemed to like what he saw. He was a bit embarrassed at his thoughts, but the simple sexy looks of Anjali was really pleasant to his eyes.
"Give me a few minutes, I will be ready very quickly." Said Anjali as she led Manas to the sofa. She left him with a few magazines as she went into her room to get ready.
Mohan and Anjali reached Albertsons which was just a few minutes drive from their complex. As they walked in, it was pretty deserted for a Friday evening. Manas pulled out a shopping cart and walked in behind Anjali. He was getting used to American grocery shopping. aisles and aisles of groceries and veggies, in which people can get lost for hours. He had not spent much time with Anjali without Rajeev, he was getting used to being alone with her.
Manas was very shy and not the talkative type, she on the other hand was more comfortable talking. She didn't say much, but seemed to be more open to the conversations between the two of them. As they entered the beverages section, she walked over to the beer section. She knew Manas liked to try new beers, and she wanted to stock a bit for him. They saw that the isle was blocked by a woman and her cart. They had to wait for her to move, as there was no space to go around her.
The woman was wearing the shortest of the skirts, and a really tight tank top. As they waited behind her, Anjali could clearly see her tight body in her outfit, and Anjali started to watch Manas's reaction to this. He was trying to avoid eye contact and was trying to watch something on the shelf. Anjali smiled at herself looking at this plight. To Manas's delight, the woman got moving and he was more than happy to push the cart forward. The woman suddenly stopped as she dropped something from her cart. She had to bend over to pick up what had fallen off. .
Manas was left shellshocked, the woman was not wearing anything underneath her skirt, her hairy pussy was completely on display for Manas and Anjali. Anjali and Manas were both looking in her directions and her pussy was right in their faces. Manas didn't know how to react. As the woman picked up the packet and walked out of the aisle. Anjali burst out laughing. Manas who did not know how to react to what had just happened, was kind of relieved now that Anjali had burst out laughing. This broke the ice between them, and they laughed all the way back home.
**************
The next day being Saturday, Manas was feeling bored and lonely at home. He felt very happy when Anjali called him and asked if they could visit the mall. She had some shopping to do.
Manas drove Anjali to the mall, she seemed her usual self. He did not know what to expect, as he had never gone clothes shopping with a woman before. The society had bombarded him with cliches about women and their shopping, however he was not someone who believed in cliches. Like all the new things happening in his life, he looked forward to this experience.
"Do you want to shop on your own when I shop for my things?" Asked Anjali.
"I don't have anything to buy, and I am new to the mall culture and I usually get lost alone, if it is okay with you I will join you, if not I can wait in the car." said Manas
"Oh! no, not in the car, you can join me. I hope my shopping does not bore you." Said Anjali.
As they entered the mall, they were greeted with the pink and purple Victoria's Secret store at the entrance. Manas could not help but steal a glance or two at the lingerie on display in the shopping windows.
Anjali saw the shy glances of Manas and chuckled at his naiveness.
After walking for about 20 minutes and window shopping in two or three stores later, Anjali saw something she liked and she wanted to try it on. They both entered the store, and within no time she had filled her trolley with a few tops and trousers.
Manas having nothing else to do was pushing the trolley around. He had hardly been to women's clothing sections in India, the textures colours and material in these sections in the US were a little overwhelming for his taste. He could not believe some of the lace tops, and short skirts on display at the store.
Anjali was now ready to try her clothes and they both entered the trial room bay. The trial rooms did not have doors, instead they had these curtains that could be rolled shut. Choosing a couple of tops to try Anjali walked in and shut the curtain behind her. After a few minutes she came out to show how the top looked on her. He really liked how the color mauve looked on her. He didn't say much just that it looked nice on her. She went back to try her next top.
Manas was surprised to see this time around that she had not closed the curtain fully by mistake and there was a small gap between the curtain and the wall. He could clearly see her back through the gap. She had removed her to now, and stood in her bra. He could see the straps from behind and he felt a little shy to continue looking. He tried to avoid the situation by looking into his phone. In a few minutes she was out again in her second top and was watching herself in the long mirror outside. She spotted that Manas looked a little nervous and was surprised about what could be the reason behind that.
She walked back to try her next top, she removed her top and was about to try on the next one when she saw that the curtain was not fully closed and she could see Manas in the mirror. He was trying hard to peer into his phone and not look up. She immediately guessed the reason behind his nervousness. She also felt a little naughty and wanted to test Manas. This time around she deliberately kept the curtain ajar and turned around to wear her top. She was sure Manas could see her in a bra if he lifted his head, but he wasn't looking; she was very happy that he had passed his test.
She closed the curtain fully and asked him to hand her trousers. She let her hand slide through the curtain to pick up the trouser. She realised that the trouser was one size smaller and she needed a bigger size. She requested Manas to get her a bigger size. As she waited for Manas she was in her panties and was too lazy to get into her own trousers to wait. As Manas walked in to give her the new trousers, she nonchalantly opened the curtain in her panties to take the trousers from him. He was shocked to see her in panties. She looked super hot in them. She took the trousers from him, closed the curtains behind her. She quickly tried them on and she didn't seem to fit in them, so she decided to just buy the couple of tops. Anjali liked the naughty feeling she felt when she exposed herself in panties to Manas.
As they started going back from the mall, they again crossed the Victoria's Secret shop, Anjali was in a playful mood now, she asked Manas if he would like to go in. Manas turned red with embarrassment.
She told him it's okay, many guys shop there and there is no need to feel shy. Saying this she pulled him into the shop. The shop was full of fancy lingerie and heaps and heaps of innerwear. Manas found it funny how women flocked to the sale bins, holding panties in air imagining themselves in them probably, before choosing them.
Manas saw that Anjali was admiring a sheer lingerie set. Something that appeared too intimate. She quickly placed it back into the rack before they walked out.
*****************
It had already been a week since their visit to the mall. As there was nothing much to do for Anjali through the week. Manas too was busy at work. Anjali did invite Manas a couple of times for tea during the week. The two seemed to have developed a quick friendship.
It was a boring Saturday until Anjali came up with this idea of visiting a natural pool which was a few miles away. She had come across it in one of the online weekend getaway blogs. She asked if Manas was in mood for a day trip and within no time they had agreed upon this idea. Anjali asked him to pack a bathing suit, as it might be fun to get into the natural pool. There was supposed to be a small hike into the woods to get to the place, which was supposed to have a small waterfall which had created a natural swimming pool. Manas and Anjali quickly got into the car and were out on the freeway shortly. It took them about two hours to reach the parking area of the pool. They got off the car and were off towards the trail which led them into the woods.
Anjali was cheerful as usual and was excited about their impromptu plans. She was leading the way as Manas followed her. Few minutes into the trail, they come across an information board about the rules and regulations of the park. They both took a few minutes to go over the regulations. Manas was surprised to see that this was a clothing optional area. He caught Anjali reading about it but she seemed to show no reaction to it.
"Anjali, this is a clothing optional area, do you still want to go ahead and visit the waterfall?." Asked Manas.
"We have come this far, I am okay with it if you are." Said Anjali.
Manas did not know what to do. To be honest he did not know what to expect. He had not been to any of the nudist/clothing optional places before. He thought about it for a few seconds and, if Anjali is okay with going there he should not have a reason to worry about it. Manas told her he was okay with it too and they both continued their little hike.
They seemed to be the only people on the trail, as they did not see any one going to our coming back on it. As they walked, they were really surprised by the greenery around the trail, it l was so beautiful and dense that people could easily be lost in it.
After walking for a few minutes that day a group of people approached them, the group was mainly made up of middle aged women, most of them wore bikini tops and shorts. Many of them were still wet from their swims and seemed to be in a jovial mood as they crossed. Manas was kind of relieved that they were clothed and he did not have to worry about the awkwardness.
As they moved a little ahead they saw two men walking in front of them in the same direction. They seemed to be walking very slow, and within a few minutes Anjali and Manas had caught up with them. Manas noticed that the two of them were naked and he could clearly see their naked butts from behind. He looked at Anjali, she seemed to have seen that too, as she had her mischievous grin on her face.
As the men were walking, with the movement they could see a bit of their balls from behind, and Manas had never seen another naked man in his life, let alone with another girl with him. Within a few minutes they had to walk past the two men, and they exchanged courteous hellos as they went past. They were completely naked and he could see their flat penises as they went past. He did catch Anjali taking a full look at them too. He was just surprised at how cool she was with all this nudity.
They seem to be approaching the falls, as they could hear the water. They started seeing more people around. Many of them were naked. Manas saw many women were topless with tiny bikini bottoms hardly covering their crotch. He saw a few women were totally nude. He could see all kinds of bodies around him. Usually the nakedness on the internet especially movies is full of picture perfect women with perfect bodies. The bodies here were much more natural, and looked nothing like what he had seen in the media. He did get excited at first with all the nudity, however very shortly he had begun to treat all this with a norm.
Anjali was excited to be in this setting. She could never convince her husband to try this, with Manas she felt no baggage. She felt no need to hide her instinct. She had no plans to go nude in there, however she accepted nudity around her naturally.
They had reached the pool area and were ready to change into their bathing suits. The changing areas were makeshift booths with a plastic sheet for a curtain. As they approached that area, they could see many men and women getting in and out of their clothes out in the open. Anjali had never seen so many dicks, dicks of all sizes. They both entered different booths. Manas closed the curtain and quickly changed into his swimming shorts and he got out. As he was waiting for Anjali to come, he started looking around. He saw so many people in various states of undress, they seemed to be not bothered by each other's nudity at all. He heard Anjali call out his name from behind, as he turned around he saw the most beautiful sight. Anjali was wearing a one piece bathing suit. It was one of those which came with a short skirt and the hips. A leotard of sorts. All nudity around him, and this beautiful covered lady was giving him a boner of huge proportions.
Anjali walked up to Manas and found him mute with all the awkwardness. She tried to break the ice "I am disappointed to see you in your shorts." chuckled Anjali. That put a nervous smile on Manas's lips. As they walked towards the waterfall they realised they were very late to get into the water. People were almost leaving now. They thought it kind of works out for them as this meant less people around.
Anjali steadied herself in the pool holding onto Manas. He did not know how to swim however the water was just upto their hips as they waded deeper into the pool towards the waterfall. As they approached the waterfall they saw there was just one woman bathing herself there. They could see her body waist deep in water enjoying a natural shower under the waterfall. She was extremely good looking and the environment was having an effect on Manas. He realised he was still holding onto Anjali's hand, and seeing that beautiful woman was turning him on. He could feel his tool stiffen, he was so glad that he was under water and Anjali could not see the tent he was forming below.
As they closed in towards the woman, she saw that they were waiting for her to finish. She called out "Guys, no need to wait, you can join me, there is plenty of space around here."
Manas did not know if they should go ahead. Anjali solved his dilemma by leading the way. As they approached the woman below the waterfall, they were taken aback by how cold the waterfall was. Anjali immediately found her nipples hardened. They were poking hard into the material now.
The woman said to Manas "Hey, you guys should enjoy this more, why do you want to deprive your skin of this great touch. You do realise it is clothing optional here right?. The feeling of water on your skin is amazing. Just get rid of your clothes and enjoy, don't feel shy."
Manas turned red with embarrassment.
Anjali too tried to pull his leg, "what are you afraid off, you should take your shorts off." grinned Anjali.
Manas was getting more embarrassed
The woman moved a little too adjust herself on a small rock under the waterfall. Now they could see that she was completely naked, and fully shaven in the crotch. They could see her pink lips down below wet soaked in water and she looked very beautiful. There was something about this beautiful woman, nonchalantly naked, with her beautiful ass and her bare pussy, and perky breasts. Manas now had a huge hard on. Anjali did not stop pulling his leg, and was constantly teasing him to get rid of his shorts.
Manas and Anjali were now under the waterfall, and enjoyed the cold water falling on their backs. The woman joined them too now, as the three of them were getting pounded by the force of the water.
Manas could not handle the constant pulling of his leg by Anjali. He responded "You know I can totally get rid of my shorts in no time, I am only worried about you".
"Ah don't worry I won't look" smiled Anjali.
"I am not kidding Anjali, I will remove them" smirked Manas.
"Yeah right." Anjali rolled her eyes.
With a swift motion Manas removed his shorts. There he was completely naked, water up to his balls, a rock hard dick pointing to the sky,
Anjali with an open mouth. She quickly turned around with her back to him and started laughing.
The other woman seemed to be very happy though, she congratulated Manas for enjoying water the way it should be. She gave him a friendly hug as she waded away.
Manas had now pulled up his shorts, and both of them were walking away towards the end of the pool. Anjali was both shocked and feeling funny about what had just happened. She had egged him on, but she never thought he would go through with it. They were now out of the pool and were going towards the changing room. They had not spoken a word since he had pulled down his shorts. Awkwardness between them was growing too much. This time around it was Manas who broke the ice. "I hope they have the cafeteria open, I am very hungry after being open with nature". That did it. Anjali burst out laughing. They entered the changing area, this time around there was no one else. Anjali went into the changing room, Manas with his new found boldness changed in open. He felt good to be naked with no inhibitions.
Cafeteria was completely deserted and was about to close down for the day. They ordered a large coffee and some sandwiches. The long day was having the effect on them. Both of them were in melancholic mood reliving what had transpired through the day. They enjoyed their meal in silence as Anjali refilled her coffee.
It must have been 6pm by the time they started back. Anjali was pretty tired and she settled down into her seat. Manas on the other hand was still thinking how beautiful the other woman was and how when she hugged him his dick had automatically found its goal of sorts.
30 minutes into the journey, they were yet to hit the freeway, they were in a sort of forest road. It was pretty dark outside. Anjali had a problem. Two large coffees were having its effect on her. She had to pee badly. She tried to hold it for a while, she thought they would be hitting the freeway soon, and they will find a gas station. Her body though did not listen to her. She was beginning to feel it badly. She was caught in a fix, she was too embarrassed to bring this topic up with Manas, however she had no choice. She made up her courage and spoke to him.
"Manas, can you please get the car to the side of the road and park for a few minutes. The coffee is making me want to pee badly. I am really sorry, but I can't hold it anymore." Said Anjali.
Manas promptly stopped the car, and looked around if there was some place she could use. The trees on both the sides of the street looked pretty dense and could have had various animals and insects. He told her "Anjali be very careful, it is pitch dark outside and the forest looks dense, try not to go into the trees, maybe you can use try to go just behind the trees on the road."
Anjali got out of the car to find a place for herself. She saw that there was complete darkness and she could not see anything. She walked upto the driver window and asked Manas to turn on the head and the tail lights. She went slightly behind the car to find a tree which she could use. She looked to see if Manas was looking, he was looking straight ahead. She was wearing a pair of tight jeans, she had no option but to pull it down to get knees standing up. As she pulled her panties and squatted, she felt an ultimate relief as she felt her stream rip into the ground.
Manas realized how awkward this could have been for Anjali, He could not offer to accompany her for her safety, however he could not let her go into the trees alone too. He was happy that she had requested to keep the light on, at no point he had any intention of sneaking on her, but his side view mirrors had other plans. As he sat watching the road ahead, he could clearly see what was happening in the side view mirrors. Anjali was standing there trying to look around if anyone was there, after that she slowly pulled her jeans down. She must have worn white panties as it was clearly visible in the dark. As she pulled it down and squatted he could see her creamy ass. Even though it was not very clear from the angle, it was kind of turning him on. He felt sad at his behaviour and closed his eyes.
As Anjali walked back into the car she had a relieved yet embarrassed look on her face. She sanitized her palms as she settled into her seat. They drove back listening to some nostalgic hindi music.
**********************
It was the last weekend before Rajeev was supposed to come back. More than the weekend Anjali was looking forward to Friday. She was turning 35 and with her husband not around, she had invited the only other person she knew, Manas.
"Happy Birthday!." Manas smiled as he handed her a bouquet of tulips walking in.
Anjali was wearing a beautiful lemon yellow saree and matching everything. As she opened the door for Manas, she was pleasantly surprised at his choice of flowers. She led him to the living room.
"What would you want to drink?" Asked Anjali
"Whatever you are drinking." Manas answered.
Anjali had never had alcohol in front of Manas, Anjali did not want to appear naive in front of him, she asked him if he was okay with some wine. Anjali went inside to fetch some glasses for both of them.
By the time she came back. Manas had set up a small cake with a candle on their centre table. Anjali was pleasantly surprised for the second time that evening. He had started singing the Happy Birthday song as she walked towards the living room. She was very happy with the way the evening was progressing. She blew out the lone candle and cut a piece of cake, Manas fed her a little piece and she fed the rest of the piece to him.
They now relaxed in their living room with their wine glass in hand. Manas handed over a nicely wrapped gift to Anjali. Anjali was overwhelmed with all the things Manas had done for her birthday. She thanked him once again and kept the gift aside. They started sipping wine talking about various things. Anjali was looking very sexy in the lemon coloured saree. The saree was a little transparent revealing the light coloured blouse and a hint of cleavage. Every time she bent down to pick up the snack from. The table she gave Manas a hint of a look of her cleavage. This whole look of her's was making her look very sexy tonight.
They were into the third bottle of wine now, and wine was beginning to have effects on them. The topics had moved from innocent ones to one's with a dash of naughtiness to it. They were discussing their fantasies in college and what they wanted to experience.
Anjali was first to answer, "In college, I never had a boyfriend, I was also never in a serious relationship before my marriage, I have fantasized about sharing a shower with my partner.". She had carefully chosen the word partner. It might be the wine she was drinking or her shyness, her checks had turned red. The wine was letting her loosen a bit more than she usually was.
It was Manas's turn. "I always wanted to know how it would feel to kiss a woman. I have never had a girlfriend in college or since. I have fantasized so much about a kiss, I would really like to find out how it feels" said Manas.
Anjali could not believe that Manas had never kissed before.
"Ah you are lying, are you sure you have never been kissed before? In this age, even boys and girls in high schools are experimenting with kisses and what not". Laughed Anjali.
"No I am being honest, having seen it so many times on screen and read about it in so many novels, I really wish to find out in real, how it would feel." Manas said with a sad face.
Anjali felt really bad looking at Manas's sad face. She got up to refill her glass, she was a bit tipsy with all the wine, as she got up she tripped on her saree a bit before stabilizing herself. During this, she had tugged a bit of her saree folds in the front, leaving a few of those undone. She refilled her glass and instead of going back to her place she walked upto the place where Manas was sitting.
Manas saw that Anjali was tipsy and wanted to give her a hand, as she tripped on her own clothes, the folds of her saree were undone, it had also pulled her pallu a bit exposing more of her cleavage. He was surprised to see her walking back to his place instead of her own. As she came near him, she surprised him by sitting on his lap. She carefully placed the glass on the table in front of them, and turned towards him. Manas could smell her husky fragrance from up close and he was a little confused as to what was happening. Circling her arms around his neck. She kissed him on his lips before he could react.
Anjali was very much aware of what she was doing. She really wanted Manas to experience what a kiss felt like. As she kissed him, she could feel the reluctance and lack of reaction from his side, but slowly she could feel him responding. She now had her tongue inside his mouth, and could feel a taste of his wine. This held back, yet a non innocent kiss was turning her on. Before she went any further, she stopped the kiss and got up.
"There, now you can stop fantasizing. Now you know how it feels like to kiss a woman. You better tell me that you enjoyed it" winked Anjali.
Manas was too embarrassed to respond, he just let an innocent smile. He saw that she too seemed to have enjoyed the kiss as she could clearly see an outline of her erect nipples on her yellow blouse. She was looking very hot and sexy in disheveled clothes.
Anjali walked back to her place and was about to sit down when her eyes fell on the gift box. Anjali asked "What did you get me Manas? I am curious to find out, I think I should open the box." Said Anjali.
"No, please don't open the gift now, maybe you would like it more if you open it later." Replied Manas.
"That makes me even more curious, tell me what have you got me." insisted Anjali.
"Well it is just a piece of clothing, I hope it fits you, nothing to be curious about. You can check them later." Manas tried to downplay the situation.
"Oh I have begun to like your taste in clothes, especially your choice of colours. Let me see the gift, I could try it on and you can decide if it fits me." Anjali squealed, excited.
Anjali opened the box to find something she had seen before. This was the same piece of lingerie she had liked in the Victoria's secret store which they had visited together. Manas had picked up a peach colored set for her. It was exquisite looking and extremely revealing. The top was completely sheer and made of lace, it tightened towards the bodice and the bottom had an opaque area just near the crotch. The back was completely sheer with lace and strings embedded to make them hug the body. The colour was just the one which would turn Anjali on. It had come with a small satin bow at the back, which would rest just above the ass. Imagining herself in that dress was turning her on.
Manas chuckled a bit and asked her "Do you still want to try it on and want to let me see if it fits you?."
Anjali was blushing big time now. She thanked him for the gift. "Thank you Manas for the gift, you must have seen me admire this on our visit to the mall. I did not expect this when I said about trying on before, anyway just the look of this thing makes me sure I won't fit into it, I hope you don't mind if you have to return it." Said Anjali.
Manas told her to just keep it and try it on later, she need not decide it now. "I am sure it fits you perfectly," he guessed.
Anjali tried to deny at first, she told him "No, I cannot imagine a 35 year old woman getting into this outfit. It is not meant for me, it won't even look good with my body type."
Manas had no option but to tell her, she would definitely fit into the clothes and she had a body for it.
"How do you know, you haven't even seen my body?" Asked Anjali.
It was Manas's turn to blush. He reminded her how she had tried on the clothes at the mall, he had seen her body and he was confident she could pull it off. She could try it on inside the room, and see if she liked them, suggested Manas.
Anjali decided to give it a try. She got up, took the lingerie and walked to her room.
She began to undress in front of the mirror. First she unwrapped the yellow saree which was almost undone. She stood in front of the mirror in her blouse and petticoat. She untied the petticoat letting it fall on the ground. She was now in her white panties and blouse on the top. As she unhooked her blouse she was surprised to see how erect her nipples were and pushing the thin material of her bra. She removed her bra to reveal herself a pair of firm breasts that looked lovely to her drunk eyes. As she pulled down her white panties and stood naked in front of that mirror. She was getting extremely turned on thinking how she was naked in her own house with Manas in the living room. She pulled out the lingerie and got into them. She fit perfectly into it. She had seen herself in many revealing outfits before, something she enjoyed wearing for her husband. This one had to be the best of what she had tried on so far.
She knew she had about 4 glasses of wine already, she was a bit tipsy but not drunk enough to go out wearing this in front of Manas. He would be clearly able to see every inch of her body except her pussy. Her breasts would have mere lace on top of them, and her ass would be exposed completely behind the see through material.
She had two choices before her, she could get dressed again and thank him for this beautiful gift. Or she could be a little bolder and give him a proper thank you by showing how well it fitted her.
The idea of going out like this in front of Manas was turning her on. She could feel the wetness in her pussy. Her nipples could not have been more erect. Her back began to arch by themselves. She knew she was itching to go out. That is what she did.
Manas could not believe what she was seeing. Anjali was wearing his gift and she looked like a goddess. Her breasts looked firm holding onto those laces meant to prop them. The sheer sides exposed her beautiful curves all ending at her dark crotch. He could see a hint of her public hair, as she turned around he was stunned. The back was completely see through. She had the perfect ass. Creamy and firm just the right amount of jiggle as she walked. He had seen her ass in the mirror earlier as she bent down to pee. The darkness had not done justice to what was on display today. She looked beautiful. He felt his dick would burst out any moment. He was worried he might ejaculate right in his shorts. He loved the bow just above her ass, as if it was his gift.
Anjali looked into Manas's eyes before walking back into her room to change back into her pyjamas. She thanked him for the gift once again. It was already 1 am by this time. She asked him if he wanted to sleep on the couch as it was too late to walk back to his place. She was feeling very sleepy and excited and wanted to just crash into her bed. She gave him a pillow and some blankets and went to her bed.
*****************************************
It was a lazy Sunday morning for Manas. After the long exciting night that he had the previous day, he woke with a hangover, both literally and figuratively. He could not assess what happened the previous night. He was both excited and nervous at the same time. He had dozed off at Anjali's place, and the night did not seem to have done anything to down his excitement. He had woken up with a big hard on, and he needed something to calm him down quickly. He looked around to see if Anajali was around, and he was curious to see how she would react the day after what had just happened. He couldn't see her around. Her bedroom door was still closed, and he wasn't sure if she was already up or if she was still sleeping over what had transpired between them.
Manas wrote a quick note, "Anajali, Thank you for a wonderful party! I have a few errands to run at home, see you around later!". He carefully chose his words in the note to not sound too eager and at the same time not to sound disinterested. He cleaned up a bit around the living area before he left closing the door behind him.
Anajali woke up with a tingling feeling, she didn't know what had come over her the previous night. It was definitely not just the alcohol as she had enjoyed every minute of what had happened, wine had helped her nerves though. She was too shy to face Manas, so she decided to sleep in for a bit and see what happens. She could hear some sounds outside, Manas might be up. She was contemplating if she should face him now, or should she wait for time to settle the awkwardness which she was bound to feel around him. She heard the sounds of the door closing, she thought Manas might have left. She waited for a few minutes to make sure he did not come back, and slowly opened her door. Manas had cleaned up the living space, and had left a note. She was surprised to find herself a touch disappointed to find him gone. She didn't know what she expected from him, but she felt a little sad that nothing did happen between them.
It was about 10am when Anjali called him asking his plans for the day. She did not want to leave things in an awkward phase. She wanted to act normal, so that they didn't lose the lovely camaraderie between them, Manas told her he didn't have anything specific in mind, but he had plans to visit the apartment sauna later in the morning.
"If you do not have any plans, would you want to join me?" Asked Manas.
Having nothing else planned, Anajali ended up saying "Sure, why not."
When they entered the Sauna, there were already two women relaxing on those benches. They quickly adjusted their towels as we entered. It looked like they had covered themselves up in haste, as their towels barely covered their bodies, let alone sit securely. Manas looked at Anjali's face to see if she was uncomfortable, she didn't look like she was.
As Manas and Anjali got in they both chose two opposite corners onto the right side, as those two women had already occupied the left side of the sauna. Manas had a towel wrapped around his bottom half, whereas Anjali had wrapped a long towel to cover herself from just above her boobs, and the towel ended up just below her crotch. The hint of cleavage and the creaminess of her exposed thighs were making her look very sexy. Manas caught her stealing some glances in his direction a couple of times, Manas was now beginning to worry if Anjali may be able to notice his boner. The idea of steamy naked bodies was turning him on.
The warmth of the steam was beginning to make Anjali sweat, the droplets sliding down her neck into her cleavage. This setup with half naked Manas sitting inches away from her was giving her kind of an erotic buzz. The women who were present when they got in, sat on the opposite side to Manas and Anjali. They looked much younger, may be Manas's age. Their towels hardly covered their bodies, in fact if one focused on one of the girl's crotch, surely they could see her pubic hair. The brunette on the other hand had exposed most of her left boob. A hint of her light brown nipple was visible. Anjali had seen other women naked before, but not in the presence of another man. Anjali began to feel a pleasurable tingle between her legs.
The girl with the brown hair adjusted her towel as she got up, and walked over to where Manas and Anjali were sitting. She introduced herself as kat, and requested
"Hi Guys, I know the rule here is that we should keep ourselves covered at all times and no nudity, however me and my friend here were enjoying our time before you both entered, and if you don't mind, we would like to remove our towels. Steam does wonders to our skin, and sauna is more enjoyable that way."
Manas looked at Anjali without knowing what to say.
Anjali was equally confused. Having a hint of nakedness was something, whereas having completely naked women was something else. She knew she did not need to agree, as usually nudity is never the norm around here, however having Manas in the same room was affecting the way she thinks. Without her knowledge she nodded to Manas.
Manas was quick in saying "Yes, sure" to Kat, he definitely wanted to see more.
Kat looked very happy as she replied "you both are more than welcome to join us,".
As Kat walked back to her seat she had already dropped her towel to reveal a beautiful ass. She sat up on the lower of the benches with her back to wall, revealing her well manicured pussy. The brown just covered her lips down there. She had those dark brown nipples, something more common in Asian women, and her boobs now hung firmly from her shoulders.
The brunette was not far behind. She too removed her towel to reveal those light brown nipples. They were semi hard, but the drops of water covered her breasts to make them look very sexy. She had a completely shaven pussy. Her pink lips were glistening with steam. She looked really young. The two women seem to revel in nudity as they appeared like Greek goddesses.
Manas had no idea how his body would react to all this nudity. He now sported a huge boner which kind of was obvious in his tightly wrapped towel. He did see Kat and her friend smiling looking at his bulge.
However there was nothing he could do to help himself. He was hoping that this erotic tension settles down.
Anjali was surprised how much she was turned on looking at two fully naked women in the room. She was wondering if she was the one more turned on than the only male in the room. She could clearly see that Manas was struggling to keep his hardon unnoticed. She smiled thinking of his situation. She was not far behind. She was now clearly wet between her legs, and was kind of wondering where all this was leading. She found the two girls exchanging smiles between them, she had no doubt that they were smiling at Manas's hard stick. She was surprised at a hint of jealousy she felt having young naked women around Manas.
Kat's brunette friend broke the silent tension, "Hey you guys, don't feel shy, we are all adults here, you guys seem to be in real discomfort, especially the guy here, why don't you get rid of your towels too?."
Manas looked embarrassingly at Anjali, both didn't know what to do next. Manas had once exposed himself to Anjali at that waterfall. However there was a long distance between them at that time. He knew for sure he would be dripping with precum by now. He was really hoping for some sort of a sign from her to guide him.
Anjali herself was caught in two minds, was she really thinking of going nude in front of Manas?. He had seen her boobs, almost naked, the sheer lingerie she wore the previous night hardly covered her, however being naked this close to him, was not something she thought she would be okay with. However the jealousy and a sense of competitiveness was affecting her thought-process now. She could not believe she was seriously considering doing this.
Anjali looked into Manas's eyes and she unwrapped the towel around her. She was completely naked now. For the very first time she was exposed completely in front of Manas. She was totally turned on now. She could feel the drops of steam now hit her breasts. She had a thick fuzz on her pussy, yet the excitement had made her lips swollen and wet. The three pairs of eyes on her body were making it swell even more. She could almost feel the ooze coming out of her.
Manas could not believe what Anjali had done. At 35 she looked stunning naked. She had those small nickel sized dark brown areolas with small nipples which were now erect. Her curves were just the kind Manas loved which led his eyes right to her crotch. At first he could not see anything but her thick pubic hair, how he wished the Sauna had better lighting. As she sat on the bench she had now exposed her pussy lips to him. He could see the inner pinks as the lips widened. She seemed to be really enjoying this, as her face had a perfect mix of sensualness and the naughty mischief look. He was no longer hiding his glances, and he could not take his eyes off her. Here she was, his co-worker's wife fully naked and exposed to his eyes.
It was his turn now. He did see all three women were looking at him now. As he stood up, he didn't have to do much. The towel dropped down as his erect cock sprung up. He could see the sticky precum had made his purple head shine. The foreskin was no longer hiding his thick head, it had slided all the way back. As he sat back on the bench his mast had boldly held up its sail.
Kat let out a gulp as she saw how erect he was. Anjali caught his eye as she looked at his cook. There was no doubt in her mind that he was mentally nailing her. The look in his eyes as he was looking at her body, and the way his cock was jerking on its own, she was afraid if he could last without ejaculating. His cock was a lot thicker and longer up close. She had a glimpse of it in the waterfall earlier, but the view had not been this clear. She felt like a teenager, as she felt an erotic surge inside her looking at his naked body.
******************************************
Manas and Anjali were both extremely aroused by the time they got back from the sauna into their house. Manas was no longer willing to wait and watch. He wanted some immediate action, so he was the one who made the first move.
Anjali had plans to take a cold shower to calm herself down. As she was heading towards her bathroom,
Manas spoke "You have helped me so much over the last few days, you have made me live for real, every fantasy of mine. I want to make you live your fantasy today."
Anjali remembered the fantasy she had talked about earlier, shower with her partner. She realised what Manas wanted to do. It gave another rush to her already aroused body. At one end she wanted all of this to stop, they both had already gone beyond what she could allow herself to do, on the other end, she wanted to take her body to its next level of pleasure.
Anjali looked into Manas's eyes, and her eyes gave away what she really wanted. As they entered the bathroom, Manas lifted the loose knee length gown Anjali was wearing over her head. She was wearing no bra underneath. Her breasts jiggled into their place. She made no attempt to hide them and she stood there in her panties. Every inch of her body wanted more of this.
Anjali looked up into Manas's eyes as she pulled down his shorts. He just had a towel on his shoulders. As she pulled down his shorts, he was in his boxers which formed a huge tent at his crotch. They had seen each other naked just a few minutes earlier, but getting naked in this close proximity was a completely different thing. She was not her usual funny self, she was feeling a sense of sensual energy which she had not felt in years of her marriage.
Manas was feeling very turned on seeing Anjali topless in front of him. Her dark brown nipples were very hard in anticipation. He could see some wet spots forming at her crotch. He realised she was extremely turned on too. When she pulled down his shorts, he was disappointed that his boxers stayed on. He was in a hurry to get naked in front of her. He made Anjali turn around and face the mirror in front of them, as he caressed her hips and he let his fingers hook onto the hem of her panties. As he tugged then down slowly to reveal her creamy ass crack, he could almost feel his precum slide through the sides of his thighs. He bent down so that his face was close to her ass, as he tugged the panties to her ankles. His face was now facing her creamy ass and he had never felt more aroused in his life. She stepped out of her panties and looked into his eyes through the mirror.
Mans realised Anjali was now completely naked and just a second away from turning around. She held his gaze in the mirror as she turned around and revealed her naked self. She was dripping wet down below, and she didn't seem to mind it. He noticed that her thick pubic hair clearly parted more, and her lips were swollen to reveal pink inner layers which were now glistening wet.
Anjali was now completely naked and she could feel that her body wanted Manas's cock inside her. However it was too early to make any move, she wanted to see what this is going to lead into. She kneeled to get a better axis to his boxers, and pulled them down to reveal a very wet dick of his. He was oozing too much of precum and his purple dick looked very inviting. She took a tissue, holding his dick with her left hind wiped his juices clean with her right hand. As she touched his dick, she could feel a strong shift of his shaft. She was worried he might cum soon, but he seemed to recover.
Manas turned the shower on and led Anjali into it. Anjali stood closer to the shower, and Manas joined her from behind. As the stream of warm water hit their already aroused bodies, they could not keep their hands to each other. Anjali made Manas turn around and let the stream of water hit him just above his ass. She touched the bottom of his neck and ran her hand through his spine giving him goosebumps, her single swipe had now reached the top of his ass, she continued with her finger now touching him near his asshole, down below to his balls, and she cupped them from behind. His dick went for a wild swing clearly indicating his body had liked what she had done.
Manas quickly turned around in response and cupped her breasts. He had wanted to do that for a while now. Her soft breasts just stepped into his hands as he reluctantly touched her hard nipples. They had now goosebumps all around her nipples, and her body wriggled in pleasure. He moved his hands to the side of her body to her hips, as he gazed into her sexy eyes, He turned her around and held her from behind, his hands playing with her breasts. He held his elbow around her as he moved closer to play with her body from around her. As he did this, his dick went right below her ass, as if it had found its direction and a goal. It was just a few cms away from her entrance and this realisation made his dick even more hard.
Anjali could feel his dick very close to her pussy and he had her in a tight clutch. He was now playing with her boobs and the water falling on her torso were making her arch her bottom closer to his body. This was giving his dick more access to her pussy. She realised, his dick was practically at the entrance of her pussy, and one thrust from him will move it inside. She was so wet that she might not have realized if it had already slid a bit into her cunt.
Anjali now turned around and kissed him on his lips. She was liking the way her body was feeling now and she wanted more of this. She held herself close to his body, she could feel her nipples press into his young chest. His dick was not pressing into her stomach as she kissed him deeply. Her tongue was right into his mouth squeezing his tongue. She was totally leading the way this was going and she was loving it.
Manas was feeling very hard to resist himself. Anjali was kissing him deeply now, and his tongue was responding to her. They were now hugging each other very closely and he could feel every inch of her body. He could feel his heart pounding and the shower was adding to the feeling. He could feel his dick was very close to Anjali's pussy and he did not know if he should enter her. He grabbed a piece of soap and started rubbing it on her boobs. Anjali seemed to like that as she started moaning between those kisses. He now made her turn her back to him and made her bend over. Her pussy was fully visible now and her asshole was pink and hairless.
Manas started soaping her between her legs, and she started squirming in delight. First time he touched her lips, she let out a mild shudder, now he carefully played the tip of her slit very close to her asshole. With each stroke he moved from the tip to the top, slowly touching the lips. As he started moving closer to the top, he could feel her pushing his fingers in. He was now instead her pussy. His fingers felt for the very first time in his life the warmth of the pussy, he started fingering the inside of her, he now had three of his fingers inside. She was now breathing heavily, and she let out a loud moan as her white body shivered into an orgasm.
She stopped the shower and turned around to look at Manas, he stood there with a smile. She held his cock and led him to the bed. They were both wet from the shower but she didn't care. She pushed him into the bed as she settled on top of him. She kissed him deeply as she guided his cock into her wet cunt. She could see the pleasure on his face, as she started slowly moving up and down on his dick. She had slowly picked up pace and was now really pounding on top of him. He looked very close to coming. She turned around on all fours and gave him a good view of her pussy. She guided his dick back to where it belonged, as he started to enter her doggie style.