A million thanks to BffseOhio for editing this chapter. Please Enjoy!~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
This is a continuous story where each chapter builds on the previous chapter. If this is the first chapter you've encountered of The Morrisons then I suggest you go back and read the previous chapters first so you will understand the characters actions in this chapter.
**Author's Note: This chapter advances the relationships you've already read about in previous chapters. You will meet new characters in this chapter, one of whom will have a sad story to tell. That part of the chapter needed to be told because it sets the stage for future chapters as part of the story foundation. Sounds interesting? ...... Then please read on and enjoy this chapter! ...~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I appreciate hearing from the readers of my stories and I want to thank all those who took time to send me an email. I try to answer all the emails I receive and I really appreciate all your kind comments. Please realize I can't answer those readers who send me comments anonymously.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
****************************From Chapter 5
Sexually satisfied, everyone settled back and rested in the water talking. Marion was the first to express her gratitude to everyone for allowing her to feel comfortable enough to act out her fantasy. Beth, Barbie and Terri also expressed their new found comfort with the present company to enjoy themselves sexually. Everyone floated in the water enjoying the moment. What a wonderful day this started out to be.****************************
Chapter 6
Barbie and Beth had moved closer to Terri and the three of them were talking, while Patty stood next to Tony and Marion was rubbing against Ted. The three girls giggled and the two married couples looked at the two sisters and Terri and saw they were locked in a three way kiss while rubbing their tight bodies against each other. Their hand soon dropped from rubbing each other's back to massaging each other's ass cheek. Everyone was getting along just great when the phone rang and Terri rushed to get out of the pool to pick up the phone.
Terri answered the phone with, "The Morrison residence, Terri speaking."
Immediately Terri heard a familiar voice saying, "Terri this is Jeff ......Jeff Simpson how are you doing? I've been so worried about you."
Excitedly Terri said into the phone, "Oh Jeff, I've been waiting for you to call, I'm doing very well. My new job is the best ever, and you wouldn't believe how much fun I'm having."
Looking toward Ted who was still in the pool, Terri made hand gestures to get his attention then she pointed at the phone and wiggled her finger at him to indicate he needed to follow her into the house. Ted was quick to get out of the pool and run across the deck and follow Terri inside where she pointed at the kitchen phone and indicated for him to pick it up and listen.
In an excited voice Terri continued saying, "Jeff I can't tell you everything on the phone but I want to tell you everything is going to work out for you to. Don't ask for details but I'll tell you I haven't forgotten my one and only friend who helped me at the store. Plans are being made and some of them involve helping you so you won't be blackmailed by Harold any longer. Jeff, hold on for a little while longer at the store because things will change soon."
Jeff was smiling when he said, "Thank you so much for thinking about me Terri, it's starting to get really rough around the store. Old man Harold is really pissed off that he can't find you and he has some goons out looking for you so be careful."
"Do you remember that foreign girl Hanna who came to work at the store a few weeks before you left?" Jeff asked.
"Yes, I remember her. She is that shy girl who came to work and did her job without talking to any of us. Then she would leave immediately when it was time to go." Terri recalled into the phone.
Jeff said, "Harold has been taking her in the back room for the past few days. I made an excuse to go in there yesterday and when Harold saw me at the doors he told me to come in and the first thing I noticed he had Hanna standing in front of him dressed in her bra and panties. Harold made me sit down and watch. Hanna was crying while she begged and pleaded with Harold to give her something to put on but he yelled at her telling her to strip naked! He told her to take off her bra first then he grabbed it and pulled it off her. He called her some names and told her to get her fucking panties off. When she hesitated he pulled his belt off and threatened to whip her with it if she hesitated to do what he told her to do again. When she took off her panties he grabbed them and ripped them to pieces and told her she couldn't wear a bra or panties at work again. Hanna continued to beg for some clothes to put on while Harold just laughed at her then made her pose in a lot of degrading positions, while he took pictures of her."
"Harold stood up and grabbed her by the arm and shook her and told her to be quiet. Then he asked her if she was a virgin and when she didn't respond immediately he slapped her bare ass with his hand several times then warned her he would use his belt the next time. Hanna said she was a virgin so Harold made her get up on his desk and lay back. He spread her legs wide and pushed his finger into her pussy and felt around and then he told me to check her and make sure she was a virgin. When I refused Harold said I would be sorry if I didn't do what he told me to do because he had some friends who would hurt me then they would go to my house and fuck my wife and hurt her if I didn't cooperate." Jeff continued.
"When I stepped between her naked thighs he started taking pictures. When I hesitated to put my finger in Hanna's pussy he picked up his belt and brought it down on Hanna's naked tits making her scream in pain. So I quickly fingered her pussy and Harold took pictures. Harold said for my hesitation he instructed me to drop my pants and underwear which I did immediately because he raised the belt again. Then he told me to put my cock head into Hanna's pussy. Hanna looked at me with fear in her eyes but I did what Harold told me to do because I didn't want him to hurt Hanna anymore." Jeff said into the phone.
When Jeff paused Terri was quick to ask Jeff, "Do you think you can get a couple of those pictures he took of Hanna so we can use them to prove the abuse Harold is doing?"
Jeff said, "Harold is off today so I can use the computer and transfer the pictures from the camera to a flash drive if you want me to. The camera is locked in the desk and I have a key."
"That would be great if you could transfer the pictures without deleting them off the camera so Harold wouldn't know you have them." Terri said.
"Jeff what are you doing later this evening about seven o'clock?" Terri asked.
"I'll be going right home after work. Why are you asking Terri?" Jeff replied.
"Jeff I hope you trust me because I can't tell you what's going on but could you bring that flash drive out here to the Morrisons this evening about seven o'clock? You can bring your wife with you if that's possible." Terri asked.
Jeff said, "Terri I do trust you and yes I can come out there tonight but I will have to check with my wife and see if we can get someone to watch the kids."
"Ok, do you have a pen or pencil handy, I'll give you this address for the Morrison's." Terri said.
After writing down the address Jeff said, "I'll go back to the store and get the pictures and I'll be so happy to see you tonight."
"I can't wait to show you my new home and for you to meet Dan, Kim and Jenna Morrison." Terri said excitedly.
After saying good bye to Jeff, Terri hung up her phone and she watched Ted hang up the phone he was using. Terri looked at Ted with some very sad eyes before she said, "We have to do something to stop that fucking son of a bitch before he hurts Hanna, Jeff or Jeff's wife."
Ted said, "Don't worry about a thing Terri I will be here tonight at seven."
Terri and Ted were still standing in the kitchen talking when the phone rang again and Terri answered it saying, "The Morrison residence, Terri speaking, how may I help you?"
She was surprised to hear Jeff on the phone again and she motioned for Ted to pick up the phone as she asked, "What's the matter Jeff? Did something happen?"
Jeff was quick to say, "No nothing has happened but I was wondering if I can bring Hanna with me tonight when I come out there so you can see her and she can tell her story to whomever you have working to help us?"
When Terri looked at Ted, he was shaking his head up and down indicating yes so Terri said, "Ya know Jeff that might be the best thing to do. Do you think she will come out with you?"
Jeff replied, "I'll do my best to talk her into it. She is scared of Harold and because Harold is off today, he ordered me to watch her."
Terri said, "Try to keep her safe Jeff and bring her with you tonight."
Jeff said, "I was worried what Harold would do to me or say to my wife if he got pissed off at me so I told my wife everything. She's skeptical about the whole situation but for now she isn't mad at me but I'd like you to tell her how Harold forced you to sit on my lap naked and how he made me finger your pussy under the threat of blackmailing me."
Terri said, "Jeff I will be glad to talk to her and straighten everything out for you. I will be looking forward to seeing you and meeting your wife around seven o'clock this evening."
When Terri hung up the phone this time Ted said, "I can't wait to hear from both of them tonight. Right now, I better get down the driveway and check on my guys and see how they are doing."
****************************
When Kim and I walked into the kitchen that evening Terri was right there to give us both a hug and a kiss welcoming us home. We could see the love reflected on Terri's face as her eyes sparkled and her smile always broadened when she looked at us.
Kim and I sniffed the air and Kim beat me to the draw when she asked, "What smells so good?"
Terri said we're having baked chicken from an old family recipe, I think you will love it. Then Terri told us she had set up a meeting at seven o'clock with Jeff Simpson who was coming out here. She told us that Ted was at the house today when Jeff had called so he was going to be at the meeting as well. Terri told us Jeff was bringing out some pictures that Harold took of the new girl named Hanna. She informed us Jeff might be bringing his wife and Hanna with him.
Terri told us dinner was ready and she would serve it while we went upstairs to get comfortable. As we were walking out of the kitchen, Jenna walked in and said, "Something smells great what are we eating tonight?"
Terri turned to Jenna and gave her a hug saying, we're having baked chicken and its all ready so hurry up and go get comfortable and I'll have everything ready when you get back down here.
While we were eating dinner all of us took turns talking about our day and by far Terri's day was the most interesting. Terri said, "You probably saw Ted's crew was here today digging the holes for the footings. He said they will be pouring the concrete for them tomorrow. Ted also said he went over to the prefab concrete company and chose some decorative pillars that matched the size he needed. When he's ready for them, the company will deliver the pillars with the equipment to set them on the footings so you won't have to pay any additional fee for a wrecker. He said he ordered the gate and all the hardware that that will be delivered in three days. Ted said he needs to store the electronic stuff in the garage for a couple of days until he is ready to use it. So it looks like we will have the security gate up by next week."
I looked at Kim saying, "Well honey it certainly sounds great to me. I'll be happy when it's up and we have the system up and running."
Dinner was finished and the table cleaned up by six thirty so each of us went up to our rooms to put on some clothes for our meeting tonight. Kim, Jenna and Terri decided on a pair of shorts and a tank top so I decided to pull on some shorts and a tee shirt. All of us were back in the kitchen when the door bell sounded.
Terri said, "I'll get the door."
Soon Terri walked back into the kitchen with Ted and Marion following her. I greeted Ted with a handshake and hugged Marion and said, "Welcome." Kim followed my lead but she hugged both Ted and Marion and welcomed them.
Ted turned to me and said, "I listened in on the phone conversation when Jeff called today and I hope he can bring that new girl out with him tonight and so I can get a statement from her because it sounds like Harold has advanced beyond just making the girls pose naked for him to beating them. If she will give me a statement tonight, and Jeff brings me those pictures, I will have enough to search his store and house and arrest him."
I told Ted I fully agreed with him and although I want my chance at all three of them I would willingly stand by and wait my turn. I told him getting the guy off the street was the most important thing that could happen for Terri and now the other people involved.
The door bell sounded again and Terri left the kitchen to go answer the door. All of us in the kitchen heard a squeal followed by Terri saying very loudly, "Jeff!" Only a few moments later Terri led the way to the kitchen to introduce Jeff Simpson, his wife Tina and Hanna Lindquist to all of us.
Kim said, "Terri please take our guests into the living room and make them comfortable and we will be along shortly with some snacks."
I followed along and asked what everyone wanted to drink. Jeff said a beer would be fine for him and when I looked at Tina and she seemed shy so I said I had some very good vintage wine if she would like to try some. Tina accepted the wine then I looked at Hanna who said she didn't drink but would take a soda if I had one. Terri said, "Dan, I will have some wine; what are you going to have?"
I said, "I'll have a beer with Jeff."
Terri left and went to the kitchen and brought back everyone's drink orders. After passing out the drinks Terri chose to sit down on the other side of Jeff so she could talk to him. I didn't interrupt as both Terri and Jeff talked excitedly. Terri told Jeff that she was so lucky to have been hired as our housekeeper and she proudly told Jeff she was a new daughter in the Morrison family.
Jeff congratulated Terri on her new job and continued talking how he had worried about her after not hearing anything from her until today. With Tina sitting by his side Jeff explained, "Terri as I told you on the phone earlier, I told my wife what happened at the store because I didn't know what Harold would tell her and I didn't want him to be the first one to break the news to her."
Tina leaned forward on the couch and looked at Terri before she said, "Terri you have nothing to worry about from me, I understand that Harold forced you and Hanna to do things that were inappropriate and I'm not mad at either of you."
Nothing more was said until Ted, Kim, Jenna and Marion came into the living room and sat down. Once everyone was seated and had some snacks I said, "Jeff I understand there have been more developments at the store since Terri has been gone; did you get the flash drive for us?"
Jeff looked around the room nervously until Terri spoke up and said, "It's ok Jeff you're amongst people who are interested in helping all of us."
Pointing towards Ted, Terri said, "We only introduced him to you at Ted before in the kitchen but officially he is actually Police Sergeant Ted Johnson and he is here to help us. I've told Ted everything Harold did to me and it's going to be very important for both you and Hanna to tell Ted what Harold has done to both of you since I've been gone."
Hanna started crying and said, "It's too embarrassing to tell other people what Harold has done to me."
Terri got up and moved next to Hanna and said, "Hanna he started with me and made me do embarrassing and humiliating things but if you want those things to stop, we have to tell someone so they can help us."
Kim brought a box of tissues to Terri and she handed some to Hanna. Terri asked Hanna, "Do you want Jeff to start telling what he knows or do you want to tell us. This is important Hanna and it will take all the strength you have to make Harold pay for what he has done to us. I am going to testify against him and despite what Harold probably told you, he can go to jail for what is has done to me and is doing to you."
"Hanna if you are going to tell me what happened then I have to ask you if you agree to let me record your statement." Ted asked.
Hanna looked at Ted and said, "No I don't mind if you record what I have to say."
Ted said, "I would ask that the rest of you stay quiet as Hanna speaks so what she has to tell me won't be mixed with everyone else. Hanna I need for you to tell me your full name, age, address and phone number and then tell me again that you know your statement is being recorded and that you approve."
After Hanna finished telling Ted all her details she looked at Terri and said, "Harold told me that the cops won't do anything to him because he owns my body and he's only been doing what's good for me."
Ted interrupted saying, "Hanna, you have to tell me what Harold has done to you and you can't leave out any details. I believe Harold wanted to intimidate you so you wouldn't talk to the police and that's why he told you the cops won't arrest him but that isn't true."
Finally Hanna started by saying, "Harold has done some very embarrassing and humiliating things to me in the last four or five days. It started when I was getting some stock out of the back room and Harold found me in there alone. He took me into his small office and started feeling my breasts and my pussy through my clothes. I tried to stop him but he told me if I didn't do as he told me, he would punish me. He told me he had been watching me and following me and he knows I live alone in an apartment. He told me he knows where I live so if I didn't cooperate with him he would send some people to my apartment to take care of me."
"That first day he made me strip completely naked then he took my clothes and told me I could work in the back room completely naked or sit in his office for the rest of the day. I didn't want anyone to see me completely naked so I stayed in the office all day. However, once the store was closed he gave me the small broom and told me to go out and sweep the floors while I was still completely naked. He said the small broom would take me longer and he was going to watch me work. He said that was part of my punishment for being lazy and sitting around the office during my shift. When I was done sweeping the floors he took me by the arm and walked me outside in the alley behind the store and made me get in his car still completely naked. Then he took me to his friend who owned a salon and after making sure no one was on the street to see me, he made me walk naked into the front door of the salon and go to the back. I met some guy named Bill who took me into a room told me to get up on the table and lay back. Once I was on the table and lying down, Bill strapped my legs in the stirrups and spread my legs obscenely apart. My small pussy was stretched open when he finished pushing the stirrups to the sides. It was so humiliating and embarrassing to be spread open like I was and he didn't cover me with anything, he just left me laying there with the door open. Then he put straps across my abdomen and my shoulders to hold me down." Hanna recalled from her experience.
"There were a couple of guys who looked in the door and saw me before Bill came back with Harold. When Bill and Harold came into the room I saw Harold had a camera and right away he started taking pictures of me strapped to the table and then he moved between my legs and started taking more pictures of my open pussy. I was even more shocked when Harold told me that Bill was going to do me a favor and wax all the hair off my body for free. I tried to tell them I didn't want to be waxed but Harold told me the service was free and I should never turn down something that's free. For the next hour or so Bill waxed me and ripped the hairs out of my body by the roots. When I screamed they laughed. They saved my pussy and asshole for last and took special delight in waxing one side of my pussy at a time then ripping out the hairs. Then they went to work on my ass and did the same thing. When I was finished Harold told me I should pay Bill for doing such a good job waxing me. I tried to remind him he told me the waxing was free but Harold said he wasn't talking about money. He said I needed to suck both of their cocks and swallow all their cum before I could go. No matter how much I tried to talk them out of it I ended up on my knees sucking Bill's cock first."
Hanna really started to cry when she paused. Terri comforted her by whispering, "You can do it, and Harold will never hurt you again."
Hanna dried her tears then continued saying, "Harold left the room and when he came back he had two old homeless guys with him. He told me because I hesitated to do as he instructed me to do, I had to suck their cocks and swallow their cum too. Bill shot his load of semen in my mouth threatened if I didn't swallow it all, one of the homeless guys would get to fuck my ass. I did the best I could and swallowed all his cum. Then they told the first homeless guy to drop his pants so I could suck his cock. He smelled so bad and when he came over to me I almost puked and Harold and Bill threatened to beat me if I puked on the floor."
Hanna began to cry uncontrollably and couldn't continue. Ted shut off the tape recorder as all of the women in the room rushed to Hanna and pulled her up to the standing position and took her out to the kitchen. Once they were out of the room I looked at Ted and said, "That fucking scumbag has to be punished and it can't wait!"
Ted didn't say anything but looked at Jeff asking, "Did you bring me the flash drive so I can get some legal action started?"
Jeff pulled the flash drive out of his pocket and said, "Do you have a computer here?"
I stood up and put my hand out to Jeff and once he handed me the flash drive we walked over to the computer and I put the flash drive in and waited for it to install before I opened it. Jeff pointed out the folder he put the pictures in so I clicked on it and it opened. There were dozens of very clear pictures on the screen. I scrolled down the page through the pictures and it was clear that Harold was only interested in embarrassing poses.
Ted asked Jeff, "May I have that flash drive for evidence?"
Jeff said, "There are some of my personal files on the flash drive so if you can copy the folder over to the computer and put it on a blank flash drive I would appreciate it. I don't have a lot of money to buy stuff except for food for the family."
I looked up at Ted and said, "It's not a problem Ted, I will put it on this computer and tomorrow we can transfer it over to a blank flash drive. I understand what Jeff is saying because Terri has talked to me about him."
Speaking of Terri, Jeff said, "You have to watch out for her because Harold has some thugs out looking for her with instructions to bring her back to him when they catch her. He intends to hurt her badly when he gets her back. I'm worried for Terri because Harold and his buddies are a sadistic bunch of bastards."
Ted assured Jeff that Terri would be safe. Jeff then added that he was worried about his wife and Hanna because Harold had threatened to do harm to both of them. Jeff said if I don't do what Harold wants me to do he promised he would send some guys to my house to fuck my wife and then hurt her. He told Hanna if she tried to get away like Terri did, he would hunt her down, beat her, and then sell her naked body to a gang. So as you can see there is a reason why we are fearful for our safety.
I copied the picture folder over on my computer and asked Jeff if he needed the folder on his flash drive any more. Jeff looked at me saying, "No Dan, I don't need to be reminded what Harold has done to these two young ladies. Go ahead and erase it from the flash drive."
Just as I was finishing deleting the pictures the women walked back into the room. Hanna looked at Jeff saying, "I am ready to continue, I want that mother fucker to rot in jail."
We were all seated again and this time Terri was on one side of Hanna, Tina was on the other side and Jenna was sitting at Hanna's feet leaning on her knees. Kim and Marion were in chairs close by so it was very clear there was plenty of female moral support for Hanna as she started to tell her story.
Hanna said in a shaky weak voice, "As I said the old homeless guy stepped up to me and Harold told me to suck his cock but it smelled so terrible. I picked it up in my hand and when I stroked the foreskin back I saw all this white and green stuff around the base of the guy's cock head. I tried to wipe it off but Harold insisted that I start sucking or my ass would be fucked at least five times before the night was over. As much as I hated him I didn't want any cocks shoved up my ass because I am a virgin in both holes. I used my other hand to plug my nose and I leaned forward and took his filthy cock into my mouth with the foreskin covering the nasty smelling white and green stuff at the base of his cock head so I wouldn't get any of that stuff in my mouth. The only lucky thing for me was I no sooner put his cock in my mouth he shot his load of nasty tasting cum into my mouth. As disgusting as it was, I swallowed it."
Continuing Hanna said, "The second old homeless guy had his pants down and he stepped up to my face and pushed his cock against my lips. I figured if the first guy came so quick I could do the same for the second one so I licked his cock a few times before I felt it twitch. I gripped it and stroked him a few times as my tongue licked the end of his cock and sure enough he blasted cum all over my face before I had a chance to get it in my mouth. When he was done I sat back and used my fingers to get the cum off my face and lick it off my finger so they wouldn't have any excuse to fuck my ass."
"When I was done they made me stand up and spread my legs so the old guys could look at my pussy. Bill asked them if they would like to kiss my pussy and when both of them agreed Bill made me lay down on the bed and spread my legs. Both old guys stuck their tongues in my pussy and licked me instead of just kissing my pussy. It was so degrading to have to act like a whore for Harold and Bill." Hanna said.
"When I was done there, Harold made me walk with him down the alley where there were more homeless guys and he made me lay down on the dirty ground and spread my legs and bring my knees up to my chest while he shined a light on my spread open pussy." Hanna said.
"Finally he made me stand up and took me to his car completely naked and we went to another friend of his named Pete Jensen who is a photographer. They made me pose for all kinds of pictures but mostly they took pictures of my pussy and with me on all fours with my legs spread looking back at the camera. They took hundreds of pictures of me before they called it a night." Hanna said.
"Then Harold took me home and made me walk up to my apartment naked while he followed me. When I got to my apartment he opened the door for me since he had my keys. He made me brush my teeth and then with the door open to my apartment he made me kneel naked in front of him right in front of the door and suck his cock. I was worried one of my neighbors would walk by and see me. I was so embarrassed. Before he left he told me from now on when I came to work I had to wear a white blouse without a bra and a short skirt without any panties. He told me he was going to check me every day and if I didn't do what he said, I would be punished." Hanna said.
"The next day when I came to work Harold called me in the back room and said he was doing a panty and bra check and told me to take off my blouse and skirt. Just as I was taking off my blouse one of Harold's friends came through the door. When I stopped undressing Harold yelled at me to strip naked and be quick about it. I tried to turn so the guy didn't see me but Harold pulled off his belt and slapped my ass with it and told me I'd better hurry. When I was naked Harold took my clothes away and locked them in his desk. Then he gave me jobs to do in the back room which required me to do a lot of bending over. The whole time he and his friend looked at my body. Before his friend left Harold ordered me to suck his friend's cock because I had caused it to get hard." Hanna recalled.
"Harold made me stay naked all that day and when it was time to close he made me sweep the floor with the small broom again while he watched and took pictures of me. He would hand me the dust pan and then tell me to bend over at the waist and part my feet wide so my pussy and asshole will show in the picture then he told me to stay bent over and look back at him so my face and my spread pussy was in the same picture." Hanna said quietly.
Hanna continued in a near whisper voice. "When I was finished sweeping he told me to stay bent over in front of the counter. Then he used some boxes to put his camera on and aimed it at me. Then Harold took off his pants and said he always wanted to fuck in his store but didn't have such a willing whore to fuck. I was afraid and I stood up and suddenly I felt a sting on my ass when Harold hit my ass with the medal handle of a fly swatter. He ordered me to get back into position as he went back to check his camera. Harold stepped up behind me and spit on my asshole and I started to beg him not to fuck my asshole but he didn't listen. He spit on me a couple more times then he pushed his cock against my small hole stretching it and then he jammed his hard cock into my ass without any hesitation. I screamed and screamed begging him to take it out but he didn't. He continued to fuck my ass until he finally shot his load deep inside me." Hanna said as she broke down and started crying hard remembering being abused by Harold.
After a few minutes to calm down Hanna continued by saying, "Yesterday I made up my mind that I wasn't going to let Harold use me any more so when I got dressed for work I wore my bra and panties and I wore a blouse and a pair of jeans. When I got to work Harold saw me and ignored me for a couple of hours before he finally called me into the back room. I was nervous to go in there but I was going to tell him I wasn't going to do anything more for him. When I went through the doors I knew I was in trouble because of the look on Harold's face. He came up to me and ripped my blouse right off me and stood there with a pair of scissors and cut it into small pieces and put it in the garbage can. Then he looked at my jeans and told me to take them off or he would rip them off me. When I took my jeans off he grabbed them out of my hands and he screamed at me as he used the scissors to cut up each pant leg and then he cut the front panel off the pants then threw them in the garbage as well. He told me he owned my body and he told me he could do anything he wanted with it. He said he warned me I would be punished if I didn't do what he told me to do without hesitation. Then he told me I would spend the rest of the day completely naked and I will have to service him and anyone else he chose for me. He threatened that he was going to find someone to pay him for my virginity and when they were through with me, he was going to fuck me until I couldn't move."
Hanna continued saying, "I was standing in my bra and panties when Jeff came into the back room to ask Harold a question. Harold told Jeff I was his whore and I had disobeyed him by wearing clothes that he forbids me to wear. He made Jeff sit down so he could watch me strip off my bra and panties. I was crying because I didn't want to strip naked in front of Harold and especially my friend Jeff. Harold yelled at me when I didn't move fast enough and yanked on my bra until the hooks in the back popped open and he yanked my bra off me. Harold called me a whore again before he told me to get my panties off. When I didn't move fast enough he pulled his belt off and hit me twice with it. Jeff jumped up to stop Harold but Harold threatened to hurt Jeff's family if he interfered, so I didn't blame Jeff for sitting back down in the chair. When I took off my panties Harold grabbed them and ripped them and threw them in the garbage. I begged him to give me some clothes to put on but he refused then he pulled out his camera and made me do humiliating poses in front of Jeff. He made me bend over with my ass towards Jeff and spread myself open while he ordered Jeff to look at my spread open pussy and asshole. I begged him for something to wear but that only made Harold laugh harder at me."
"Harold made me bend over then he spanked my ass with his bare hand and it hurt like hell. Then he asked me if I was a virgin in front of Jeff even though he already knew I was a virgin. When I didn't confirm I was a virgin immediately Harold slapped my ass with his belt a few times then ordered me to get up on his desk and spread my legs wide. Harold pushed his finger into my pussy and then ordered Jeff to push his finger into my pussy and check to make sure I was a virgin. Jeff refused to do it so Harold again threatened to have some of his friends hurt Jeff and then go to his house and fuck his wife then beat her. Harold even threatened to take my naked body and sell it to one of the gangs in the city if I didn't do what he told me to do, without hesitating." Hanna continued with her recollection of the events.
"Finally Jeff was between my legs and Harold ordered him to finger my pussy and when Jeff hesitated Harold whipped my bare tits with his belt and I screamed. I don't remember much for the next few minutes because I was in pain but when I realized what was happening I heard Harold tell Jeff to put his cock head into my pussy. I tensed up thinking Harold was going to make Jeff fuck me but Harold only wanted Jeff to put the head of his cock inside me up to my hymen. Once Jeff was inside me like Harold wanted, he made Jeff look up at the camera and pose with his cock head inside me. Since Jeff's cock was hard Harold told Jeff to jerk off keeping his cock in place without breaking my hymen. When Jeff was ready to cum he begged Harold to let him take his cock out of me but Harold refused and made Jeff hold his cock tight against my stretched hymen and cum in me. I felt Jeff's hot cum squirt into my pussy when he was cumming while he continued to jerk off and my stretched hymen allowed it to go inside me but helped block it from flowing back out of me. So I have Jeff's sperm inside my pussy and I am worried I might get pregnant because I'm like two weeks past my last period and I should be very fertile right now." Hanna said as she looked over at Jeff with sympathetic eyes.
Filled with shame Jeff regretfully said, "Hanna I didn't know and I am so very sorry. This is all a very big mess and there's no way out of it."
Tina got up and walked over and sat on Jeff's lap and said, "Honey you tried to protect Hanna, Terri and your family from harm and that's the most important thing you could have done. Harold would have beaten Hanna if you didn't do what he told you to do and lord only knows what he would have had his thugs do to me and our kids. So you didn't have much choice."
I spoke up and said, "Jeff, you did the best you could given, the situation you were in. There is a way out but I'm not quite ready to tell you what it is at this very moment. However if you want to take a few days off from work to give me more time, I'm sure we can put you in a job that will pay you far better than what you've been making. Besides that gives you time to stay home and protect your family."
"I appreciate what you are trying to do but I can't stay out of work because I need the money to feed and house my family. The rent is coming up this week and I need all the money I can get to pay the rent plus buy food." Jeff said.
I looked at Kim and saw her nod and then I looked back at Jeff and asked, "Jeff I don't want to pry into your personal finances but how much is your rent?"
Jeff stared at me and said, "Our rent is twelve hundred dollars a month."
Smiling at Jeff I said, "If I gave you a check for two thousand dollars would that help you stay away from the store and stay home to make sure that no one comes to your house?"
Jeff looked at Tina and they whispered between them before Jeff said, "I will consider it a loan and pay you back once I get that job you said you're working on for me."
Looking at Kim and then at Jeff I said, "No, it won't be a loan. I will write a check for you and give it to you for protecting our new daughter. You see Jeff, when Terri came to work for us little did we know or ever understand that she has something to offer us that we've always wished for and that's a second daughter. In just a short while Terri has not only fit in here but she has taken over our home and is running it very efficiently. Therefore, you unknowingly helped our new daughter when you volunteered to assist Terri. With my connections as a business executive I will be offering you a job as soon as I can finalize the paperwork."
Jeff looked at me then at his wife Tina before looking between Kim and then me he said, "Dan, I don't know what to say. I feel like I let both of them down by not punching out Harold and his buddies for doing what they did to the girls."
I said, "Jeff some guys are built for fighting with their hands and some are educated to fight with their minds. You did what you had to do to keep both girls from serious harm. I am glad you brought Hanna with you tonight. Now that we are aware that Harold knows where she lives Hanna can stay here tonight and possibly for the next couple of days until we get the mess sorted out. That is if Hanna wants our protection."
Hanna's head snapped around and asked, "Why are you willing to help me, you've only met me tonight and I'm a nobody to all of you."
Kim spoke up immediately saying, "That's not true you are somebody and you didn't deserve to be treated like you were. We are going to get a lawyer to help Terri with her problem against Harold and his buddies so if you want we will include you too, and our lawyer will represent both of you."
Ted spoke up saying, "You will be represented by the prosecution but it would be great if you had an attorney to represent your best interests and Dan Morrison is offering that to you and Terri."
Jeff looked at Hanna and said, "Hanna please take them up on their offer because I don't want to see you hurt anymore."
Hanna started crying again and said, "That's not all he whipped with his belt but I didn't want to say any more."
Ted's pit bull police officer attitude kicked in and immediately he asked Hanna to elaborate on what she eluded to by saying, "Hanna if there is any more to this story then you really must tell me."
Hanna started crying hard all over again and said, "Harold kept me naked all day and after all the other employees left yesterday Harold told me I had to be punished for wearing a bra, panties and jeans. He had cleaned off the desk and tied rope to each leg of the desk and then made me lay down on it with my ass propped up on some shipping blankets. Once he spread my legs my pussy was spread open and sticking up in the air. He tied me to the desk using all four ropes. Then he made me suck his cock. He pushed his cock down my throat and held it there so I couldn't breathe and with my hands tied to the desk I couldn't do anything about it. Just before I passed out he would pull his cock out of my throat and then he used his belt to beat my pussy. Then he would come back up and jam his cock into my mouth and down my throat and hold it there. I thought he was trying to kill me but at the last second he would pull out and let me breathe. A few times he spanked my pussy with his hand, hitting me real hard. After he did this a few times he finally came back to my head and told me he was going to cum down my throat so I didn't have to swallow his cum. That time when he put his cock into my throat he kept pumping until I felt him cum and that's the last thing I remember until I woke up on my bed, completely naked, early this morning. All I know is my asshole is really sore today."
Ted asked if he could talk to me in the den so we got up and left everyone in the living room. When we entered the den Ted turned to me and said, "This man is dangerous and I need to move quickly to get him off the street. That doesn't mean he won't make bail and get out. But after hearing all this tonight I have a duty to act. Harold physically abused Hanna and there's no telling what he will do next."
I looked at Ted and said, "Do what you have to do because this has gone way beyond what happened to Terri. I'm wondering if we should get a doctor to look at Hanna to see if she sustained any injury to her ass, pussy or her throat."
"I know a female physician who would come out here if I asked her to." Ted said.
"Call her I don't want to take any chances with that young girl out there." I said to Ted.
Ted called the doctor's home and talked to her then asked me to verify our address so he could give it to the doctor. As Ted was hanging up the phone and he said, "The doctor said she would be here in about fifteen to twenty minutes."
Ted said, "I'll come out here first thing in the morning with a flash drive so I can get those pictures off the computer."
Ted asked, "What are you going to do with Hanna? Are you going to offer her a job here?"
"I don't know what she wants to do. If she wants, we can get her a position at one of our businesses." I replied.
I opened the door to the den and called, "Terri, please come in here for a moment?"
A couple of seconds later there was a knock on the door and I said, "Come in Terri."
Terri stepped into the room and looked between Ted and me before I asked, "Terri how much do you know about Hanna?"
Terri paused before she answered, "Hanna came to work at the store a few of weeks before I left. She was always shy and quiet and didn't really talk to anyone. She came to work on time and left when her shift was over. She never stuck around to be conversational with any of us. That's all I really know about her."
"I believe her when she said that stuff about Harold. I have been in that position and although Harold didn't beat me, he very well could have beaten her because I left and he can't find me." Terri said.
"Terri, Ted is not going to wait and he's going to arrest Harold tonight after hearing what Hanna said about being beaten. It seems that Harold has escalated from stripping you naked and making you suck his friend's cocks to abusing and beating Hanna. You are going to have to supply a statement to Ted or one of his officers tomorrow so they can build a strong case against those guys." I warned Terri.
Ted interrupted me before I could continue, saying, "Terri, Dr. Roberta Collins will be here in a few minutes and I would like for you to bring her directly into the den so we can talk to her for a few minutes in private."
I looked at Ted and said, "I will pay Dr. Collins's fee for examining Hanna and she can use this den to do her examination."
When the door bell sounded Terri left the den and we heard her say, "I'll get the door."
While Terri was out of the room I looked at Ted and said, "I will continue with my plans to embarrass and humiliate Harold but will have to scale them down drastically and be very choosy who I get to assist me in that endeavor so it doesn't come back to bite me in the ass. Not that I want him out on the street but I hope he gets bail so I can get to him."
Just then the door opened and Terri introduced Dr. Collins to me and after shaking my hand she walked over to Ted and gave him a hug. Dr. Collins asked, "What's up Ted, I know you wouldn't ask me to come out at night for something that wasn't important."
Ted explained Hanna's situation to Dr. Collins and told her that I was going to allow Hanna to stay at my house because it wasn't safe for her to go back to her apartment. Ted told Dr. Collins that he wanted her to give Hanna a thorough exam and if she needed a follow up he could make arrangements to have her brought to the office tomorrow. Ted asked Dr. Collins to document any bruises Hanna may have. After all the arrangements were made both Ted and I left Dr. Collins in the den and we went out to the living room. I asked Kim to take Hanna into the den. When Kim gave me gave me a questioning look I smiled and said, "It's nothing, I want Hanna to talk to Roberta."
Once they left the room Ted and I sat down and Ted using his official police voice said, "Jeff I will need for you to give me a statement. I'll be sending a patrol car over to your house tomorrow to pick you up and bring you down to the station about ten o'clock tomorrow morning. What are your address and your phone number, Jeff?"
Jeff gave Ted all his information then to confirm Jeff's willingness to cooperate Ted asked, "I take it you are willing to give us a statement and tell the interviewing officer where you got the pictures, am I correct?"
Jeff smiled saying, "Yes I will do anything to make sure that bastard gets what's coming to him."
I looked at Jeff and said, "I am going to have my lawyer represent you as well as Terri and Hanna. I know the prosecutor will be representing you, but I want my lawyer to be involved in the case because their lawyer will likely get real nasty since there's a possibility of real long jail time for his client. My lawyer owns one of the most prominent law firms in the city and he will take care of all three of you. I will call him tomorrow and set up a meeting for all three of you so he can be ready."
I asked Jeff to step over to my chair and when he did I handed him a check for two thousand dollars and told him to take care of his rent and get some food for his family. Jeff looked at the check and then looked at me saying, "I don't know how to thank you. You don't even know me and here you are giving me a two thousand dollar check and telling me to take a few days off because you have a better paying job for me..... Why are you doing all this?"
As I said, "You unknowingly took care of my new daughter and helped her out when no one else would. You stood up for what was right and you've proved it again when you provided us with picture proof which can be used to put Harold and his buddies behind bars. You are Terri's friend and I want to make sure you and your family is taken care of."
Terri walked over and stood next to Jeff and said, "Daddy Dan is right, something happened a week ago when I came here for an interview and none of us have a grip on what it was. Call it destiny if you will, but for some reason all of us had a void that needed to be filled and we fell in love with each other. I guess it's one of those fairytale stories with a very happy ending for everyone. Dan, Kim and Jenna have accepted me into their family as if I'd grown up here with them and as hard as it is for someone outside the family to believe, it really happened."
Jeff looked at Terri saying, "All I know is I see a happy young lady standing next to me tonight as opposed to the frightened young lady of two weeks ago. I was so worried that Harold would hurt you and then when I didn't hear from you for a few days, I worried that Harold did do something to you. I am so happy to learn you are doing so well and that you're happy."
Turning to me Terri asked, "Can I show Jeff and Tina?" Terri was nodding her head towards the garage end of the house.
I caught on immediately and said, "Oh yes dear, show them if you want to. That's yours to show to anyone you want. We will be here when you get back."
Excitedly Terri said, "Jeff, Tina, please follow me outside I've got something I want you to see."
Ted and I sat quietly and talked as Jenna sat on the couch and listened. After a half an hour Dr. Collins came out saying, "Ted I need to talk to you for a few minutes."
I said, "You can go out in the kitchen for some privacy, Ted knows where it is."
Dr. Collins and Ted were gone for about five minutes when they came back Ted had an angry look on his face while Dr. Collins walked past us and went back into the den. I looked at Ted and asked, "Can you tell me what's going on? Is it anything serious?"
Ted's face was turning purple with rage when he said, "Hanna is a brave young lady. She took more abuse than she told us about and she is bleeding rectally and her pussy is all swollen from the beating Harold gave her. Please keep that between us because the only reason I'm telling you is because you offered to let Hanna stay here but Dr. Collins wants her in the hospital to do some tests and there might be a possibility they may have to do surgery on her rectum. Dr. Collins is making arrangements to have Hanna picked up by an ambulance and she is calling the hospital to admit her directly to a room instead of going through the emergency room. Dr. Collins is going to the hospital to order the tests she wants for Hanna."
Jenna started crying and she came over to me and sat on my lap and buried her face in my shoulder. I tried to calm her but hearing that another young lady was abused upset her greatly.
Ted said, "In all my years as a cop I've never been so pissed off than I am right now. I'd really love to go to that bastard's house and yank him out in the street but I know I can't because I have to uphold the law. This case is going to move faster than we originally expected since Hanna is going to be admitted into the hospital."
About ten minutes later Terri came running into the house followed closely by Jeff and Tina as she exclaimed, "There's an ambulance out front of our house! What's going on?"
I stood up and asked Jenna to get the door while I stepped over to Terri and said, "Honey, the doctor wants to check Hanna more thoroughly at the hospital just for precautions."
Terri looked into my eyes then said, "Bullshit, tell me why she is going to the hospital!"
Ted stepped over to us and said, "Hanna has been injured and she needs some medical attention so it's best if we get her into the hospital so she can be taken care of immediately."
Jeff responded, "I'll kill that son of a bitch!"
Ted turned to Jeff and said, "Don't you do anything until my officer comes to get you in the morning. The most important thing you can do now is give us a statement in as much detail as you can remember for both Terri and Hanna."
I looked at Jeff and said, "Yes Jeff, keep your cool and I will have my lawyer meet you at the police station in the morning so he can take notes as you give your statement."
Ted said, "With Hanna's statement I recorded tonight coupled with her injuries, I have enough to go out and arrest all three of them tonight.
I turned to Ted and asked, "Would you send an officer over here in the morning to take Terri's statement because I don't want her in the city right now. I can have my lawyer send someone here to take notes while Terri gives her statement to your officer."
"Yes I can do that and I think I'm going to have an unmarked car sit by Jeff's house in case of a problem there since Jeff and Hanna are out of the picture. Harold's friends just might come looking for trouble." Ted said.
Once the ambulance left with Hanna, Dr. Collins stopped to talk to us saying, "I understand from Kim that Hanna didn't say anything about being in pain while she was here but I think she has some internal injuries which may need surgery to correct. All I can say is that it's a good thing you didn't let her go home and be by herself. I have to go to the hospital now and get some tests ordered. Thanks for all you did for that young lady."
"Dr. Collins, I understand that Hanna doesn't have any family so I would appreciate it if you would let us know what's happening with her. I will take care of her medical expenses."
Dr. Collins said, "We have the HIPAA Privacy Laws we have to abide by and only the patient can tell us if we can release her medical information to you. I will advise Hanna about her HIPAA Privacy rights and then tell her that you want to know her medical condition. If she gives me the approval then I can share her information with you."
Ted said, "Roberta I think I'll follow you to the hospital so I can get some information for my report and then I have some work to do tonight."
After Ted and Roberta left I asked, "Jeff, do you want to stay for a little while so we can talk? We can have some coffee and some snacks too."
Kim said, "I think it would be nice if we sit down and get to know more about each other."
Jeff and Tina said they would drink some coffee so all of us headed for the dining room while Kim, Jenna and Terri headed for the kitchen. I sat at the head of the table and offered Jeff and Tina to sit down wherever they wanted. We had a few minutes to chat before Kim brought in five cups and set them down on the table. Terri brought the cream and sugar and Jenna brought the plate of snacks. Kim returned a few minutes later with a steaming hot pot of coffee. After everyone had some coffee Kim sat down and all of us started to chat. Terri sat beside Jenna and across the table from Jeff. Even though the mood was a somber one with the events which happened this evening, there were still some smiles as we talked between us.
Jeff looked at me saying, "Terri showed us her new car told us what both of you have done for her. It couldn't have happened to a nicer girl."
Jenna spoke up saying, "Yes we know and now I have the sister I've always wanted. Since Terri has been here we have experienced a lot and we all fell in love with her."
Terri blushed and said, "Jeff, the Morrisons are very special people and you will find that out soon when Dan fixes you up with whatever job he has in the works for you."
I looked at Jeff and asked, "Speaking of a job for you, I understand you are the assistant manager at the store Harold owns. How are your managerial skills? By that I mean, are you able to keep up with the stock and manage the finances?
Jeff said, "I have a degree in business administration and to get that degree I had to take accounting, business law just to name a couple. So yes I can take care of a business from top to bottom. My interpersonal communication classes taught me how to work and communicate with employees from all walks of life. I took the position with Harold because in this economy there isn't much available and I have a family so I can't be out of work."
"That's good to know because I want you to fill a position that takes dedication and commitment along with long hours sometimes. You will be well compensated for your efforts and if you meet a certain goal there will be bonuses for you. You will need your skills to interview people and choose only those who are interested in working as a team. I know I am being vague right now but I can assure you that you will be in a managerial position if you choose to take the position I offer you." I explained to Jeff.
"Do you have any questions that I might be able to answer tonight?" I asked Jeff.
Jeff sat in his chair pondering what I said and what I was asking him. Finally he looked at me and said, "I appreciate you offering me a managerial position without really knowing who I am but I will assure you that I'll work my hardest to make you proud of me and of course I wouldn't mind earning a few bonuses."
Terri smiled across the table and said with a wink at Jeff, "Jeff, I'll put in a good word for you with the boss."
All of us laughed at Terri's comment. Tina spoke up after looking at Kim then me saying, "I really appreciate you taking Jeff out of that horrible situation he was in at Harold's store. If there is any way we can repay you, please let us know."
I looked at both of them and said, "A lot of hard work and being successful will be all the thanks I need."
We finished our coffee and snacks and Jeff said, "I guess it's time for us to get going."
All of us stood up and were shaking hands when Terri stepped up to Jeff and said, "I get a hug not a handshake."
When their hug was finished Terri stepped over to Tina and said, "I hugged your husband so it's your turn as well."
Terri stepped back from Jeff and Tina and said, "I'd like to invite both of you to come out here tomorrow after you finish with the police."
Jeff looked at me and I said, "Don't look at me Terri is in charge of our home when we aren't here and she's in charge most of the time when we are here. So what she says goes."
Jeff smiled and said, "I'd love to come out to visit you and catch up tomorrow."
Terri winked at me then looked at Jeff saying, "I have something for you to sign when you come out here to visit tomorrow."
Jeff looked between us then said to Terri with a smile, "Ok I'll sign whatever you want me to sign."
We walked Jeff and Tina to the door and said good bye.
Terri called out after them as they walked off the front porch, "I'm looking forward to seeing you tomorrow."
After closing the door we looked at each other and Kim was the first to say, "Terri I'm so glad we didn't let you go back to the store the day you came here for your interview. There's no telling what that monster would have done to you or your body."
Terri hugged Kim and they were joined by Jenna and me. We held each other closely and once again all of us expressed our love for each other. After a few minutes we stepped back and looked at each other. Finally Terri asked, "Can we all sleep together again tonight? I want to be hugged and feel safe."
I said, "Let's shut off the lights and lock the doors and go take a group shower in our bathroom we would love to share the closeness of our family again tonight; right Kim?"
Kim nodded and went toward the den the shut off the lights while I headed for the kitchen to lock the glass doors and shut off the lights. Jenna walked over and locked the front door. I met Jenna and Terri right where we were standing before and all of us joined hands and started walking towards the stairs where we were joined by Kim. Jenna and Terri held hands and started up the stairs while Kim and I joined hands and walked up behind the girls.
When we got in our bedroom all of us removed our clothes and placed them in the chair not far from the bed. I walked into the bathroom first and stopped in front of the toilet to take a leak. Just as I started to piss Terri asked, "Can I hold that for you?"
I looked at her and said, "Better hurry because I'm almost done."
Her dainty hand wrapped around my cock and started moving it so my pee was moving in circles. She was laughing when she said to the others, "Look at this, I'm steering a cock for the first time."
When I finished peeing she let go of it and I told her to hold it again because she wasn't finished yet. She looked at me and asked, "What do I have to do now?"
I said, "It's like when you finish peeing you have to wipe your pussy dry, since my cock hangs out all I have to do is shake it a few times, to knock off the last few drops."
Terri giggled and shook my cock up and down and asked, "You mean like this?"
I said, "Not really like that usually just a couple of quick shakes will do the trick."
When I was done all three girls took a turn on the toilet while I walked over to the shower and set the water temperature and stepped under and waited for the other three to arrive. When they did there was a flurry of hands as each of us washed something on someone's body. There was no particular order or continuity to our washing. When we were done we used our towel to dry someone else's body. After we were all dry, the girls had to stop by the sink and brush their hair before they joined hands with Kim and me as we walked into the bedroom. We crawled up the bed and pulled the sheet and blanket back enough so we could get into bed.
Although we were mentally drained from the events of the evening, Terri asked, "Mom, Jenna would you mind if daddy makes love to me again tonight?"
Kim rose up on her elbow while looking at Terri and asked, "I can keep Jenna happy tonight, and do you think you can keep Dan happy?"
Terri was all smiles as she said, "Oh yes, I would love to make him a very happy man."
I looked towards Kim and asked, "Isn't anyone going to ask me if I can keep someone happy tonight?"
With a burst of female laughter I suddenly had three sets of eyes looking at me when Jenna said, "Daddy, are you saying you don't want to keep anyone happy tonight?"
Suddenly I felt a warm mouth engulf my cock and suddenly my statement seemed kind of foolish. I lay back on my pillow and watched as Jenna turned around in the bed and kneeled with her legs spread on each side of her mother's head and that warm mouth on my cock started sucking and swirling a tongue around the head of my cock.
Off to my right Jenna and her mother were moaning and their noise was getting louder and louder. Both were humping each other's face and I loved to watch them enjoy each other's body. I looked at Terri as she moved up and straddled my hips and reached between our bodies guiding my cock towards her beautiful bald pussy. I was in a trance as I watched my cock part Terri's tight pussy lips and disappear inside her well toned body.
I reached up and cupped Terri's small tits in my hands and palmed her tiny nipples. I massaged those lovely mounds as Terri started moving slowly up and down on my hard cock. There was no urgency in her movements, just slow sensual lovemaking. On each down stroke when my cock filled her completely, she would grind her clit against my pubic area and I would feel her shiver slightly before she rose back up keeping only the tip of my cock sheathed inside her tight, juicy pussy.
On my right, both Jenna and Kim experienced orgasms which had seismic waves qualifying for measurement on the Richter scale. Terri and I were watching them as they both willingly ground their clit into each other's face trying to extend their individual orgasms. As their screams and moans died down Terri looked down at me and smiled saying, "They look so beautiful in the throes of ecstasy."
As Jenna moved and repositioned herself so she was face to face with her mother, Kim looked at Terri and I saying, "Damn that girl knows how to lick my pussy and make me have mind-blowing orgasms."
Jenna leaned down and kissed her mother passionately before saying, "Mom, you sure know what a girl needs to make her feel special too. Your tongue is like a magic wand when it passes over my lil clitty. I love you so much mom."
All this time Terri continued to ride up and down my cock as she watched and listened to Jenna and Kim. I felt Terri use her pussy muscles to squeeze my cock on the up stroke and release them on the down stroke. I looked up at Terri saying, "If you continue to do that, I'm going to cum."
Lovingly Terri beamed her smile at me saying, "I want you to cum and fill me with your love juice. I want to feel you when your cock erupts and your hot juice spurts load after load into my waiting pussy."
Terri reached between us and started rubbing her clit as the speed of her movement up and down on my cock increased. Soon her breathing was ragged and her movements more sporadic as she moved closer to her orgasm. I concentrated on my pending orgasm and felt things start to move. I warned Terri it wouldn't be long before she felt my cum shoot into her waiting pussy.
Just as Terri and I were starting to moan while our orgasms approached, out of the corner of my eye I saw Jenna move between her mother's legs and start tribing as she pushed her pussy against her mother's pussy and start to grind them together in an attempt to have a second orgasm before Terri and I had our first. They were scissoring fast and furious by the time I screamed at Terri, "Oh my God, I'm cumming!"
Terri leaned her head back and closed her eyes tight while she doubled her efforts to bounce up and down on my cock moaning loudly before she said, "OH FUCK, that feels so good!" Her breathing became ragged as she gasped for breath. I held her hips and helped her move up and down as Terri milked her orgasm to its fullest.
Our orgasm was diminishing when suddenly Kim and Jenna started to enjoy yet another mind blowing orgasm as they pulled each other's leg so they could mash their pussies together to stimulate each other's clit to an orgasm. Terri lay down on my stomach, passionately kissing me while Kim and Jenna enjoyed their orgasm. Jenna moved back up and kissed her mother after their orgasm subsided.
Terri looked at Kim and Jenna and said, "Thank you so much for allowing me to make love to daddy. His cock feels so good when it first goes in and then I love the feeling of his hot cum when it squirts out of his cock and splashes against the walls of my pussy."
"We are family and we will share everything with each other." Kim said as she giggled.
Jenna smiled and saying, "As a family we all love each other in more ways than emotional love. Our love for each other runs very deep."
Once everything settled down we got up and used the bathroom and each of us washed another person under the shower. We enjoyed our new tradition evidenced by us laughing and joking the whole time we were getting cleaned up. When we finished our quick shower we used the towel in our hands to dry someone else's body.
When we returned to the bed we moved close together until our body was up against another and we laid there in the dark talking quietly once again bonding as a family. Before we fell asleep we moved just enough to allow each of us to kiss everyone. As a final act we moved back to our original places in the bed because on this night each of us needed the closeness of the others to reinforce our love and trust in each other. We lay quietly as we drifted off to sleep.
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please take a couple of seconds to rate this story below.
****************************