Once again folks, this story is fiction. But it is based on a website I visit. I made up all the characters and usernames. But as I said, it's based on a real site so there will be similarities with actual people and posts. Any similarities are a tip of the hat!
Any actual use of current or future usernames is coincidence. I tried to avoid actual people.
I typically visit the site from my phone, so the descriptions of the site itself may not seem familiar to people who use a computer.
*
"Fuck, I needed that!" Gasped Meagan into Todds neck.
Todd caressed his wife's back as their breathing and heart rate returned to normal.
She was straddling his lap in the big executive office chair in their home office. They had just fucked each other to very explosive orgasms.
He replied "I'll say. It didn't take you long. You were cumming before you had me in you!"
Meagan chuckled and flexed her pussy muscles on Todd's shrinking cock. "You liked it, right?"
Todd groaned and reached down to squeeze her ass as he replied "Mmmm, I loved it baby! I just wish I'd have had my camera to capture the moment. But I didn't want to stop to go get it."
"Shit!" Meagan exclaimed as she reached back to open the desk drawer. "It's right here! I dropped it off after I left you in the shower."
She pulled out the camera and handed it to her husband.
Todd smiled at her as he took the camera and turned it on. "You sneaky brat, you wanted me to take more pictures of you, didn't you?"
Meagan blushed and said "Well, I know you like it." She didn't want to seem too eager.
"Don't blame it on me Baby, you like showing off for the camera." He told her. He knew she liked it, he had been taking pictures of her for years, and it always excited her.
Todd focused the camera on her big tits and snapped a picture. "Beautiful!" He told her. They were still covered by a sheen of sweat and her nipples were still hard and red from Todd pinching and biting them.
She gave him a shy, sexy smile and said "Glad you like 'em!" She pulled her shoulders back, pushing her chest out towards her husband.
Todd snapped another picture of her pushing her tits out and asked, "You were horny all day thinking about posting your pics for random guys to see, weren't you? Did you wonder how many guys would jackoff while thinking about fucking you?"
Meagan blushed even deeper and replied "I don't know. I don't even know if I want to do it, I'm afraid." She fibbed. She was totally turned on by the idea and her husband knew it.
"What if someone we know sees them? What if we get hacked?" She asked.
"If someone we know sees them, then they are pervs too because they are online looking at porn! And I checked out the security of the site before I even joined! It's rated as high as Google!" He chuckled.
He put his hand on her chest and pushed her back gently. "Now lean back Baby, way back."
He used his feet to spin the big office chair around until it was lined up with the desk behind her.
Meagan knew what he wanted, they used this position to fuck sometimes. It pushed his prick against her G-spot and always gave her an intense climax. She leaned back and put her elbows on the desktop, her back resting against it's edge.
"Like this?" She asked. "Yeah baby, just like that." He whispered.
They could now both look down and see their coupled sex. "So sexy!" Todd whispered.
He focused the camera on the site before him. He could see her still swollen clit below her little landing strip of dark auburn hair. Below that, her labia spread on either side of the base of his cock. His entire groin was soaked with their mingled juices. His trimmed pubes wet and matted. He snapped another picture and felt her pussy twitch. He knew she was excited. He panned out and got her tits included in the next one. "Lift up a little Baby." He instructed her softly.
Meagan lifted her body up off him a couple of inches and more of his slick cock came into view. A drop of his cum dribbled out and slid down his shaft. Todd captured it with the camera.
"You'd be surprised how many guys love creampies." He told her.
"Creampies?" She asked.
"Already fucked pussy. With jizz leaking out." He explained. "There are a lot of guys who love that! Sometimes guys will pull out and just cum all over a pussy instead of inside it. Either way, other guys offer to lick it clean. That's called eating her creampie."
Meagan tried to wrap her brain around that. Todd loved eating her out, but always before he fucked her, or during. But never after he came in her. She could imagine it might feel good to have a hot load shot on her pussy, but it couldn't be as good as feeling that inside her. Could it?
"Some guys like to jackoff on a womans face." He went on. "That's called a facial. They will even pull out of a girls mouth and jackoff on her. Or she will do it for him! That's actually way more common on here than the girl swallowing. Everyone wants to see the moneyshot! Plenty of people on here like to cum on the womans tits, and there are plenty of women who ask for that!"
Meagan thought taking a load on her face or tits could be exciting, but seemed like a waste when a girl who loves cock would gladly swallow it all. Sure she'd gotten some on her face before, when Todd was fucking her and wanted to cum in her mouth. He sometimes went off before he got there. Sometime the first shot hit her in the face before she could get her mouth around his cock. It was kind of exciting to her, but only because it was part of him cumming for her. She really wanted it all in her mouth. She loved a guy cumming in her mouth, always had.
And there was Brad in college, he would get so sensitive from head that he would pull out of her mouth while still shooting. She always got squirted in the face when he did that. She didn't mind. It was a turn on knowing she affected him that much. She always finished him off with her hand. And it did usually end up on her face or her tits. Now she wondered if that was what he really wanted all along, to see his cum spray her?
And she wasn't sure about having a guy go down on her after sex. It was a new concept to her. She did love receiving oral, so she knew it would feel good after being fucked. A nice soft tongue after a hard cock pounding her could be very nice indeed. Todd often went down on her in the middle of a good fuck and she loved that. But what kind of guy eats it after he cums in it? Or eats it after another guy comes in it?!
"Are they gay guys? Or bisexual?" She asked. "These guys that love the creampies?"
"Bi I guess." Todd answered. "They want to eat pussy. But they also want to eat another guys cum, or their own. You'll see." He told her. "And you can't forget the bi-girls! They love a good creampie too!"
Meagans heart skipped a beat. She hadn't even considered that. But it made more sense to her than guys eating it. She'd never quite gone down that road herself. She was almost seduced by a girl in college, but they had been rudely interrupted.
Her name was Sheryl and she was a very pretty girl with a great body from Leeds in England. Meagan had seen her hookup with guys. But hadn't known she was into girls too until one night when Meagan walked her back to her dorm after a party. Meagan needed to borrow her notes from a class they were in together. Sheryl had gotten them each a beer even though they were both pretty well buzzed up at the time. She then proceeded to strip down, saying she needed to get comfortable. Meagan could not help but notice Sheryls sexy body as Sheryl took her time finding a big tee shirt to put on. She had blonde hair in a short boy cut, accentuating a long sensuous neck. She only stood about 5'3" and had a very shapely body. Meagan thought she was built like a gymnast. Her titties were smaller than Meagan's but her nipples pointed nicely upwards. Her waist was thin and her hips flared dramatically. Her ass was a perfect tight bubble. Her legs were firm and toned. Meagan noticed that Sheryl had no pubic hair whatsoever, it was the first time Meagan had seen a woman completely shaved. She realized that it was kind of exciting to see.
Meagan had assumed her lack of modesty was just a European attitude towards nudity. Once she was covered again with an old tee shirt that barely covered her ass, Sheryl had put some music on. She danced around a bit before getting her notes out and her curves were very evident under the well worn tee shirt. The bottom of her ass peeking out repeatedly. When she bent over to get her notes out of her backpack, Meagan could plainly see her puffy pussy between her legs. Meagan was shocked, but couldn't help but stare.
Once she found her notes Sheryl put them on her little desk for Meagan and pulled the chair from the other desk over by her. They settled in at the small desk with their arms and legs touching. Meagan couldn't help but notice how smooth Sheryls leg felt against her own.
After they were settled in and they were going over the notes together, Sheryl had come on to her. She was subtle at first. Complimenting Meagan on her hair. She told Meagan how she loved the smell of her shampoo. She put her face into her hair by her neck to smell it and Meagan had felt Sheryl's breast against her arm. When Sheryl placed her hand on Meagans arm her fingers had grazed against Meagans breast. Sheryl had told her in her sexy English accent that she was jealous of Meagans tits. Meagan pointed out that while Sheyl's were smaller they were the perfect size for her petite body. When Sheryl ran her other hand up Meagans bare leg she had said how much she loved watching all the guys check out her body in class. How she always looked so sexy in whatever she wore. How she always wondered what style of underwear she preferred. Meagan told her she was a thong girl. Sheryl growled and said she was too, they made her feel sexy all day. Meagan remembered seeing Sheryl peel a thong off only a few minutes before, and knew she had nothing on under her shirt now.
Sheryl had mentioned how all the guys would probably run back to their dorm to fantasize about her. She said they probably dropped their pants and started wanking as soon as the door was closed behind them. Meagan giggled nervously at the British term for jacking off. She liked the thought of it, whatever it was called.
Meagan pointed out that all of those same guys probably fantasized about Sheryl too, as they watched her just as closely. Sheryl had started to slide her fingers up and down Meagans leg and wondered aloud if any of them ever fantasized about having them both together. Sheryl told Meagan how hot it would be to be naked with her while some stud enjoyed them both.
She went on to describe different things that they could do with a guy together, all the hot combinations of positions they could do.
Meagan was getting really hot thinking about it when Sheryl put her face into Meagans hair again and spoke softly in that sexy accent into her ear. She said she used to play with a couple back home and she just loved sucking the guys cock when he pulled it out of his girlfriend. Sheryl asked Meagan if she had ever taken a guys prick in her mouth after it was in her own pussy. Meagan had admitted that of course she had. Sheryl asked if she would do it after it had been in another girl? Meagan said she didn't know, she'd never thought about it.
Sheryl said it was so erotic, tasting that girls pussy on his big dick. Sheryl had looked Meagan in the eye and told her that eventually she had needed to taste that pussy for herself. And it had been wonderful. It had tasted similar to her own, but yet different. She said that girl had wanted to taste her too, and it had been the best oral she'd ever had. She said the girls boyfriend had wanked off all over them while she had been cumming hard on that pretty girls face! And it had been so fucking hot!
Meagan felt herself getting turned on imagining the hot scenarios when Sheryl's fingers start to creep up under her shorts as she whispered in that sexy accent how much fun she had had with that girl. Sheryl had leaned in closer, pushing her chest against Meagans, their eyes locked together. Sheryl had kissed her, softly. She told Meagan how hot it could be between two women and kissed her again. The second kiss was a little longer and Meagan had felt Sheryl open her mouth a bit and lick Meagans lips.
Meagan started to open her own mouth, to kiss Sheryl back when they heard someone fumbling with the door.
Sheryl's roommate was home. The girl was drunk and pissed off at her boyfriend. She stormed into the room and never noticed the mood that she ruined as she raged on about her unfaithful prick of a boyfriend.
Meagan was totally flustered and grabbed up the notes and said she'd better go. At the door, Sheryl had apologized and slipped an arm around Meagans waist and said she'd love to continue someday, but it had never happened.
Class with Sheryl had been a bit awkward at first after that, but Sheryl had let Meagan know that while the opportunity was still there, she wouldn't push it.
Meagan had to admit it made her curious for a time, but she loved the attention of guys and never tired of hard dick. And never had to do without it for long.
Todd interrupted her thoughts by continuing his explanation of the site.
"There are guys who will be more interested in your feet than anything else. There's tittie guys of course, and doms and slaves, cucks and hotwives like Sharonshare. Couples who just like adding another guy or girl to the mix. Girls who are looking for a good time, guys of course, looking to get laid. Guys who only want the married woman from cuck couples. They are called Bulls.
There are public flashers, lesbians, size queens . There are all kinds of freaks on there!" He paused before going on softly, "And then there are the women who just enjoy being looked at, who like knowing they are turning guys on. Girls who get a thrill knowing they made guys jackoff!"
Her mind whirled trying to grasp it all. She knew he was talking about her when he added that last description. She had to see it.
"So are you going to give me the tour?" She asked "I've been curious about it all day."
"Sure," Todd smiled "but you'll have to turn around."
Meagan groaned and said "I don't want to yet!" She flexed her kegal muscles again to make her point, and Todds shrinking dick popped out of her.
They both moaned in disappointment. But Todd still managed to snap a pic of his seed that spilled out of her.
"Well, I may as well turn around now." Meagan said as she got up off Todd's lap.
"I think we can finish taking these off now too!" She laughed as she reached down to grab his gym shorts.
She had been so frantic for his cock that they only managed to pull them down to the top of his thighs.
Todd lifted his legs for her and she pulled them free, then tossed them in a basket with some of Jrs. dirty clothes after wiping up most of the mess in Todds lap.
She turned around and Todd scooted over in the chair to his right. Meagan had enough room on his left for her ass with her back supported by the big cushioned arm of the chair. She put her right leg across Todds lap with her calf on the other arm of the chair. She could feel his limp, wet cock against her thigh. Her left leg went across his knees.
He had his left arm around her and pulled her in for a kiss.
This was their usual position for looking at their own pictures on the computer. In this position she could stroke Todds dick next to her leg and he could finger her pussy. They often talked about whether other couples took photos of themselves. Now they were going to see some!
She started to wonder if she would feel his cock grow again against her. She hoped she would. She realized with a bit of surprise that she wanted more of it already!
Todd also wondered if this would lead to more sex. They hadn't had it twice in one night since before the baby came.
He snapped a picture of his wife sitting across his lap. "Spread your legs for me Babe?" He asked.
She did and felt a little more of his semen drip out.
Todd focused on her well fucked pussy with his cum oozing between her lips and took another picture.
"Our first creampie shot!" He told her.
Meagan, still not sure how she felt about it, asked to see it. He brought the picture up for review and she had to admit it was pretty erotic. Her lips were swollen and red from the recent pounding she'd given them. And Todds jizz dribbling out looked hot! It was like the smoking gun of a good fuck! She wanted to see what other people thought about this type of thing. And everything else.
"I thought we were going to look at other people?" Meagan asked. "You've got a zillion pictures of me!"
"We are Babe. I just want to capture your hot, freshly fucked body first." He told her with a kiss.
He held the camera above his head and got a picture of the two of them naked.
He set the camera down on the desk and tapped the mouse. The video of Sharonshare came up yet again. "We may as well start with this." He told her as he clicked the play icon and Sharon resumed her fucking of the trucker. The video was still muted from this afternoon but the intensity of the sex was still obvious. Sharon was bouncing up and down on the trucker, her small tits and her hair flying.
Todd turned the sound back on and Sharons wailing blasted from the speakers again.
"WOW!" He said, before adjusting the volume down.
"I know, freaked me out too." Meagan told him with a nervous giggle.
Meagan snuggled up to Todd and they settled in to watch the hot sex on the screen. Todd brought his hand from the mouse to lovingly caress his wife's thighs.
Meagan thought of what she must have looked like only minutes before as she did the same thing to her husband. Meagans tits were much bigger, so they obviously bounced around more when they weren't in Todds hands, or mouth. But Sharons nipples were fuller, the areola not spread out like Meagans silver dollar shaped ones. They were swollen and pointy.
Sharon was actually built a lot like her friend Beth. Meagan wondered if Todd had noticed the resemblance. Beth had always been attracted to Todd, and the two of them flirted endlessly. Meagan had asked Todd if he thought Beth was sexy, Todd had admitted that he thought Beth had a sweet ass. But he thought her tits were too small. Although Meagan noticed he never failed to check them out when Beth went braless. Which was often.
On the screen a voice was heard saying "Thats it, fuck him baby! Fuck him good!"
Sharon continued to squeal and yelled "Oh yeah baby! He's so fucking big! So hard!"
For his part the trucker could be heard grunting, he had his hands on Sharons hips and started to lift her and slam her back down hard on his prick.
Judging by the distance she rose up before hammering back down, the trucker must have had a sizable prick.
"Oh, Oh, Oh," Sharon squealed each time. "He's fucking me so good!"
"Take it, take all of that big cock!" Said the voice.
Sharon asked the trucker "Are you getting close baby? Are you going to cum on my face for me?"
"Yeah honey, really close!" Said a deep gruff voice.
"Me too Baby! Me too!" Said the husband.
Sharon dismounted the truckers big cock and squatted down in front of the passenger seat between the truckers legs. The camera shot went wild as the husband scooted closer. When it settled down Sharon had a cock in each hand and was jacking them off furiously.
The trucker seemed to be twice the size of the husband, but Sharon seemed to be enjoying both. She dipped her head back and forth between the two, sucking and licking while she stroked them. Encouraging them to "Give it to me! C'mon guys, give me that hot cum!"
Meagan felt Todds cock start to rise a bit against her leg as the video went on.
The trucker wrapped a meaty hand around Sharons little one and let out a roar as his load started to spurt onto her face. "OH!" She squeeled as the first shot went across her cheek and up over her forehead. She opened her mouth wide and tried to aim the next shot there.
Some of it went in her mouth while the rest splattered her nose and other cheek.
Suddenly the husband erupted also and he shot a huge wad on his wifes face to mix with what the trucker put there.
Sharon was almost crying with joy as the two men emptied their balls all over her.
The husband, while having a much smaller dick expended an enourmous amount of jizz with a very precise aim. He had taken hold of his cock from his wife and obviously had a lot of practice shooting his load where he wanted it.
Soon though, both cocks were spent and Sharon leaned in and sucked the final drops out of each before licking them clean.
With that done she looked at the camera with a proud look on her cum covered face and licked her lips before the screen froze, indicating that the video was over.
"How could a husband do that?!" Meagan asked Todd a little breathless. "How could he get so excited watching his wife fucking another guy like that?"
"I don't know Babe, he claims he just wants to see her happy. And fucking well hung strangers makes her happy. But if you read the descriptions at the top of each catagory, he's technically not a true cuck. With a cuck, the woman is totally in charge. She decides who she fucks, the husband has no say in it and rarely gets any himself. She also makes fun of her husband and puts him down and shit. She makes him watch. And makes him clean up her creampie. These guys are in it together. She is a hotwife, but she doesn't belittle her husband at all, he just likes sharing her."
"Wow, that is different. Still, cuckold, hotwife, stranger or not, could you just watch me fuck another guy like that?" Meagan asked him.
"Just watch and jack off like that?! Hell no! I'd have to be involved, fucking your mouth or something!" Todd responded without hesitation. Meagan felt her husband get a little harder as they discussed it. She also realized that it was a pretty hot thought, sucking Todd while getting fucked. "And I can't imagine trolling for strangers either." He told her.
"Yeah," Meagan added "There's too many crazies out there these days."
"And we know too many other people we trust who would be more than happy to get some of this!" Todd told her as his hand slipped farther up the inside of her thigh to rub her sloppy pussy.
Meagan opened her legs more for him "So, is there couples on here who do that?" Meagan asked him hesitantly. "You know, threesomes and stuff?"
"Hell yeah!" Todd answered. "Lots of couples."
He moved the mouse to the menu and clicked it. A screen popped up with options for Recent Posts, Most Popular Posts, Categories and more. Todd clicked on Catagories and more options popped up, starting with Amateur, then Anal, etc. Todd scrolled down to Groupsex and Threesomes. Meagan was shocked and more than a little excited by it all. When he clicked on that, an explanation came up describing groupsex as any sex between more than 2 people. It went on to give examples, mmf, ffm, mmmf, mfmf, ffmm, orgies, etc. Below that were posts, listed by most recent first. The first selection was a set of 20 photos by Advntrpr. It was titled "Wife gets double birthday present!" The short description read; "Wifey always thought my best friend was hot. I let her find out on her birthday!"
The picture shown was of a blond woman with wavy hair. Her face was blurry to hide her identity. She was naked and on all fours. There was a naked man taking her from behind and another feeding her his cock! The mens faces were not in the picture, but it didn't matter to Meagan. They were both very fit. They were built like Todd, she realized. One had a hairy chest like Todd, and the other didn't. His chest and stomach were bare like a swimmers.
Her heart skipped a beat, partly from the picture and partly because of the story behind it and the thought of being taken by two studs. Todd clicked on the photo and the 20 pictures came up in order. All the faces were blurry or the person was looking away from the camera. He clicked on the first one and it filled the screen. It showed the blond on a couch wearing a denim miniskirt and a button down flannel shirt. She was in between two guys in jeans and t-shirts and kissing one of them. His hand was inside the partially unbuttoned flannel and she was rubbing the bulge in his jeans. The other guy was kissing her neck and had his hand up her skirt. Her legs were spread wide. He was quite obviously rubbing her pussy.
In the second photo she was now sucking off the man she had been kissing. His pants were at his knees and his prick looked nice and hard, and big.
The second guy was now kneeling on the floor eating her pussy. She had one foot on the couch and her skirt was around her waist. Her shirt was open farther to show more of her tits.
"How fucking hot is that Babe?" Todd asked quietly. "Two of our favorite activities."
Meagan realized she was breathing harder. She tried to imagine herself doing that. She had done 69 enough times in her life to know what it felt like to have a man licking her while she gave head. But this was different. She looked at Todds hand on the mouse and wished he was fingering her. She decided to do it herself as she answered with a shaky voice "Yeah, that, that's hot."
She slipped her middle finger up between her lips and gathered some moisture. Realizing it was a mixture of her and Todd's juices just made it more erotic as she rubbed her clit. Todd smiled seeing his wife get so hot and advanced the pics. He was glad these photos excited her. He had hoped this scenario would be a turn on for her.
Now the woman's top was gone. She was on her knees with a lover standing on either side of her. She had a big hard dick in each hand. She was smiling up at the camera with her eyes blurred out. Her tits were perfect orbs, almost too perfect. "I wonder if they're real?" Meagan wondered aloud. Todd replied with a smile, "I don't know, but they're spectacular!" She chuckled with him at the sitcom reference. Todd advanced again and she was stroking one cock and sucking the other. She switched back and forth between the two in the next 5 frames.
"Watch this." Todd told her. He clicked quickly through those frames and back again giving a stop motion effect. Todd went back and forth a couple times, it was pretty erotic seeing her go back and forth. Meagan wondered what that would be like. She had always loved giving head. She had always been fascinated by the difference between men and their cocks.
Eventually he moved on to the next pic. The woman was now on her back in the center of a bed, one man was between her legs lining his cock up to enter her as she reached down to help him. The other man was kneeling beside her head offering his big prick to her as she craned her neck to take it in her mouth.
The rest of the pictures in the set were of the two men taking her in different positions. She sucked one guy while riding the other. There was the shot from the preview of her sucking dick while taking it doggie style. Todd told her that is called a 'spit roast'.
The scenes were all very hot and by the time they were done both men had fucked her and received oral in several positions.
Then came the money shots. Both men shot their hot loads all over the womans face. The hairy guy sprayed her while she was on her back with her legs in the air. She was getting pounded by the guy with the hairless, muscular chest and looked to be cumming hard. Then she had sat up and taken the next load point blank in her face from the guy kneeling. She had her hand wrapped around his swollen cock, her wedding ring clearly visible as she tried to catch his cum in her open mouth.
The last shot showed all three laying in bed with her in the middle. They were obviously relaxing after the hot sex and caressing each other.
It was obvious that some of the pictures were taken with the camera setup somewhere, while others were taken by one or the other of the men.
Meagan was now very aroused and Todd was fully erect again. He was very excited to see how aroused Meagan got watching this woman being shared by her husband and his friend. When Todd asked if she had ever had two hard cocks like that her reply was a squeak "No." She cleared her throat and said "We've talked about it before, you know I haven't."
They had been together long enough that they had shared all their past exploits. She knew that Todd had been involved in one adventure like this. He said it was fantastic and that the girl had really enjoyed the double attention. And of course both guys had too!
She had been feeling his cock grow against her leg as they looked at the post. About halfway through the pictures she had grabbed his prick and started to stroke him with one hand as she played with herself with the other. He was obviously aroused by the post too.
Meagan wondered if Todd fantasized about sharing her. And with whom? She squeezed his prick hard and peeled her eyes from the screen and looked at him "Would you want me too?" He returned her gaze and answered honestly "I don't know. I think it would be so hot to see you do something like that. You would get so much pleasure! But I don't know if it's just a hot fantasy, or if I'd actually want to do it or not."
"Well, I need something to drink." She said. She suddenly felt the need to change the subject. She'd have to give the idea some thought. "It's early yet, do you want to polish off that bottle of wine from the other night?" She asked as she got up off his lap.
"I don't know Babe, a beer sounds good. I'll find some other stuff I wanted to show you." He told her.
She picked her robe up and kissed her husband. It was a passionate kiss and she stroked him a few times as he felt up her tits. She slung her robe on and promised to be right back. As she left the room,
she realized they had progressed seamlessly from talk of other guys masturbating while thinking of her, to other guys actually joining them in bed. Meagan wondered which 'other people' Todd was thinking about.
As she grabbed the bottle of wine from the kitchen she realized that they had seemingly forgotten about pics of her! She wondered if they would get around to that.
She decided against using a glass for the wine and took a long pull off the bottle.
She thought of some of Todd's friends. Some of those guys were serious beefcakes! She knew most of them thought she was sexy. Many times when the guys were over for cookouts, she would catch them ogling her in her skimpy summer clothes. There was always plenty of harmless flirting throughout the day, but Meagan knew any of those guys would love to have her if given the chance.
She often wondered if any of them fantasized about her.
Beth had of course hooked up with more than one of Todd's friends, so Meagan also knew a bit about their sexual prowess, and equipment! She'd even seen what Willy was packing. 'Willies Willy' as Beth called it. Being Todd's best friend he had been best man at their wedding, paired with Beth as maid of honor.
It was not a surprise when those two horny fuckers had hooked up for sex! Meagan had caught them in the ladies room during the rehearsal dinner. Beth was sucking his cock. They both casually said hello as Meagan stared in shock at Willie's big dick, before, flustered, she apologized and ran out. She heard them laugh as the door closed behind her. She found herself thinking about Willie's dick, shiny with Beth's saliva, as she tried to keep her mom from the ladies room until Willy came out, smiling and charming as ever.
She also remembered a conversation with Beth over a bottle of wine where Beth had confessed to having done threesomes and loving it! Beth had done two guys several times and said the excitement and stimulation was almost too much. Almost!
Beth also confessed she had been picked up by a married couple once. She didn't go into much detail about what all they'd done, but Meagan was pretty sure Beth and the wife had enjoyed each other as well as the husband. She'd almost said it as a hint, Meagan thought.
Meagan knew Beth would jump at the chance to fuck Todd. Or at least suck his cock, with permission of course. Beth always said she would never go behind another womans back, didn't need too. There was way too much free cock available in the world. But with an invitation, she'd be all over it! Beth had had a serious gleam in her eye when she told Meagan that together, they could rock Todds world!
And that made her think again about Sheryl, and her soft sexy accent. And all the naughty things she had described.
Meagan wondered if there were posts on that site of threesomes with 2 women and 1 man. She was sure there would be. Todd had mentioned couples who liked to add a guy or girl to play with!
She took another healthy swig of wine and grabbed Todd his beer. She shook her head at all the naughty thoughts running through her head and headed back upstairs.
Upstairs, Todd hadn't forgotten about posting her pictures at all. He had unlocked the bottom drawer of the desk, which they laughingly called "Mommies Toy Box" and then gone to his favorites file and pulled up a post by a couple named Hotcouple73. Their profile said they were a Canadian couple about 10 years older than Meagan and Todd, and the wife loved showing off. They apparently had been taking pictures for years as the posts always showed the wife in various stages of life. Todd thought they had a lot in common and planned on sending them a message now that Meagan was in on this with him. They invited men to send "Tributes" as it really made the wife hot, and would lead to more posts. They already had a dozen posts, submitted almost monthly. Todd had been following them since he joined and really felt a kinship with them. Mostly their posts were of the wife posing in various sexy poses, in and out of street clothes and lingerie. She had the body of a middle-aged woman who was still in pretty good shape. She wasn't slender or young anymore, but she was far from old and fat. She was still very sexy. There was a couple of pics of them having sex thrown in to every post. The wife had added in a few of hubbies body and his dick for the ladies in a few sets. Their first posts were average shots of her around the house or flashing her tits for her husband in the car. Just like Meagan's first pictures. Or lifting her skirt in public to show she wasn't wearing panties. But the skill of the husbands photography and the imagination and effort they put into their posts had increased each time.
When Meagan returned to the office Todd had a picture up of a brunette in a sheer robe. She was standing sideways in front of a window looking out. The way the light hit her it was obvious she had nothing on under the robe. She was shapely and her breasts no longer stood out by themselves. But she was sexy nonetheless. Her face was turned partially away so that you could tell she was beautiful, but couldn't really see who she was. She had very short hair and a long sensuous neck. The light from the window seemed to highlight her body through the robe. Her nipple was hard and she had her hand up, teasing that nipple with just one delicate finger. The picture was very well done, and very erotic. The next shot was the same, only panned out more. It showed her shapely hips flared from her waist. Her firm leg that was nearest the camera was turned outwards the slightest bit while her other arm could be seen reaching down between her legs. The hand at her breast was now pinching the nipple and pulling out on it.
Meagan was standing behind Todd and she realized that he hadn't heard her return. He had one hand on the mouse and one hand on his hard cock, subconsciously stroking it. She also realized that she was holding her breath, waiting for the next picture. The woman was beautiful and the photography was very well done. It had a very sensuous feel to it.
Meagan wondered if she could ever do something to compare. She hadn't thought of posting anything so dramatic. Her photos were just her naked or flashing Todd, or of them having sex. She had nothing this good. This was art.
Todd brought up the next picture and the woman was now sitting on the edge of her bed in a well appointed room. Her robe was still tied at her waist but hung open loosely, showing her cleavage and a trimmed patch of hair between her legs as she pulled a long slender puple vibrator from a nightstand drawer. Meagan recognized the vibrator, as she had a pink one just like it. Again the womans face was turned away as she looked down at the toy, just enough to hide her identity.
Todd switched to the next photo and it was a closeup of the woman's mouth. Her lips wrapped the toy, half of it in her mouth, obviously to get it wet in preparation for her body. She was wearing a deep red lipstick on her pouty lips and the contrast with the purple toy was very dramatic.
Meagan let out a gasp at the site and Todd looked over his shoulder at her. "Hey!" He said pulling his hand off his prick. "I didn't hear you come back."
She smiled at him and walked around the chair. "It's alright. She's very beautiful." She handed her husband his beer and settled down into her position in the chair, stretching out across his legs. Her robe fell open carelessly. She took another swig of her wine and grabbed his hard dick with her other hand.
"Yes she is." Todd agreed. "And their photography has gotten so much better since they started. Want to see?" He asked.
"Not yet," She said "lets finish this set."
Todd downed some of his beer and set it next to his mouse. He brought up the next picture showing the woman holding her robe open on one side as she held the tip of her vibe to her hard nipple. Her tit sagged a bit but it served to show her maturity. The next photo showed her teasing her other nipple while pinching the first one between her thumb and forefinger. With her robe fully open a slight paunch could be seen at her belly, highlighted by her sitting position. But it did nothing to detract from the woman's obvious sexuality.
Todd grazed Meagans nipple with his fingertips and asked softly "Want to read some comments?"
Meagan shivered at his light touch and took a swig of her wine. "Sure." She answered as she slowly stroked him. "You're the tour guide."
Todd scrolled down the page. A comment box came up, followed by previous comments. The first was by yngbull219 and read "I would love to fuck you so hard while your husband watched!" The next was from boobmuncher and said "Oh baby, I want to feast on those tits soo bad.", Milfman55 said " Those beauties need a load of my jizz on 'em!!", Hotintoledo said "Honey you are always so sexy. Please come to Ohio to play with me and hubby."
"Wow, they don't pull any punches, do they?" Meagan asked. She thought of the couple Beth had mentioned.
"No," Todd replied "some are pretty crude sometime. I don't typically read the comments on the individual pics. Unless it's something special." He clicked to the next picture and the woman was reaching down between her legs. She was pulling her trimmed pubes and hood back with one hand, teasing her clitoris with the tip of the vibrator.
MilfMunch commented "You should use my tongue for that honey!" Todd clicked again and she was now sprawled out on the bed. Her robe was open completely. Her one arm over her face as if she was writhing in ecstasy, but it also served to hide her identity. Her other hand held the vibrating wand lengthwise between her labia. The next pic was a closeup of that, and again the difference between the purple toy and her inflamed pussy lips was very erotic.
Milfman55 said "Baby you have me so hard right now! I want to cum all over you!!" Yngbull219 said "I am ready to come all over myself honey!"
Todd could sense his wife's arousal. He also knew she knew exactly what that woman was experiencing as she had the same toy. And he knew she was thinking about the guys jacking off. He left the mouse alone for a second to reach into the bottom drawer. He pulled out Meagan's pink version of the toy and as he handed it to her he asked "Care to join her Baby?"
Meagan took it and said " I don't usually get aroused by women. Can you click on those guys? Can we see who they are?"
Todd smiled "Sure Babe. You also want to see what they are stroking. Don't you?" He clicked on yngbull219.
"Maybe." She smiled as she turned on the pink vibe on a low setting. She spread her legs a bit, and as she touched her pussy with it she looked at the screen and gasped.
Yngbull219 had a profile pic that showed a young kid who couldn't be more than 21. He was laying in bed naked. It was obviously taken using a mirror on a dresser. He was very skinny and had his hand wrapped around a thin dick. What amazed Meagan was that there was about 5 or 6 inches sticking out above his fist!
As she looked at the picture Todd watched her. Her eyes were big and her breathing shallow. He reached down and took her hand holding the vibe and guided it deeper between her lips. She took over and started to probe the entrance to her pussy.
Todd clicked on the kids profile and it said he was 25 years old and from the U. S. He was interested in milf pussy. He also offered to do tributes for any hot milf's out there.
"What's a tribute?" Asked Meagan.
"A tribute is where a guy jacks off on a woman's picture and sends her pics of it. Maybe he'll have her up on the computer and shoot all over the screen and take a picture of his dick in front of it. Or he'll print out a picture of the woman, her tits, face, pussy or feet, whatever and take a picture or video of his dick shooting on it. Stuff like that."
Meagan looked at him wide eyed and took a hit off her wine. She had never missed a stroke with her vibe but she had released grip on her husband. "And he sends them to her?!"
"Oh yeah, and if we post pics of you," Todd told her " I guarantee you will get some of those!" Her breath increased more and the vibe went a little deeper. She adjusted the intensity of the vibration a little more with a practiced hand.
She looked back at the screen and asked "You think?"
Todd brought up the posts the young man had submitted and told her "I know so." He clicked on one called "Tributes for the milfs on here." It was 10 pics of the guy stroking off to various women. Before Meagan could focus on any of them Todd clicked on the first of the 10. A slutty looking girl with long black hair was working her pussy with a large black dildo on a computer screen. There was sperm shot across the screen and yngbulls long prick was in front of it. A drop of cum dripping out of the angry red tip.
Todd clicked again and the kid was taking a selfie in the mirror in his bedroom. His laptop was on the bed and he was shooting a load on a picture of a girls ass.
Another click, another picture. This time a picture of Sharonshare laying in bed with a large black man fucking her. Her mouth was wide open as she screamed in orgasm. Yngbull had the tip of his dick pointed at the opening of her mouth and a line of his cum had shot across the screen.
With each photo Meagan got more turned on. She was now working her clit with one hand and the toy with the other. With each photo the pink shaft was adjusted higher and sunk deeper and faster into her pussy. Todd knew his wife was going to cum even before she did.
When Todd whispered in her ear that she could get guys that hot. She just needed to submit some photos and guys all over the world would be jacking off to her images she started to quiver and moan in her high pitched cry.
At that point Todd could not resist helping his wife cum. Since his left arm was around her supporting her back he only had his mouse hand available. He brought it to her tits and started caressing them. Then pinching the nipples. Enjoying seeing her cum. He kept whispering in her ear how sexy she was, and how many men were going to enjoy seeing her sexy body.
He also liked how her writhing leg rubbed against his hard cock.
He remembered missing out on capturing the last fuck because he thought the camera was in the other room. Now it sat right in front of them. He quickly grabbed it and turned it to video. He sat it on the edge of the desk pointed right at her shaking body. He went back to playing with her tits and telling her how beautiful she was, how sexy she was. He told her about the men who would want to fuck her and eat her.
She kept fucking herself with the wand and rubbing her clit and crying out. She came so hard Todd could feel her juices leaking down her ass onto his leg.
Eventually she rammed the toy as deep into her as she could and just squeezed down on it. Her whole body went stiff. Her cries turned to whimpers as she reached the limit of her pleasure. She just could not take anymore.
Todd quit pinching her nipples and gently soothed her body as he told her softly how beautiful she was and how much he loved her. How much he loved seeing her cum.
Soon she pulled the toy out of her soaking wet pussy and tried to turn it off. Her fingers were shaking though and she dropped it on the floor. They could hear it vibrating away on the hard wood floor.