Occasionally I would spend the weekend in London and I would head off to Hastings on the South Coast of Sussex where there was a nudist beach I had heard about. On my first visit I took the train from London, it was a Saturday morning and I took a small rucksack with me for essentials such as cash, G-string, towel, sandwiches, beer and a map etc, I wore a skimpy running vest and a very tiny pair of loose fitting white nylon shorts which were almost completely see through leaving very little to the imagination.
When I boarded the train in South London, I felt maybe that I had gone a little too far with the shorts, my penis kept flopping out through the leg and they were almost see through so everything was visible if anyone cared to look. At first I felt a little uncomfortable but after a while I decided what the hell just go for it. I got a couple of dirty looks from a few people but otherwise no-one seemed to notice so I settled down on the train for the short journey to the coast. The trip was pretty uneventful apart from two girls who joined my carriage at Sevenoaks, the carriage was quite full and when they sat down opposite me I had to quickly try and rearrange my shorts to try and cover myself. The problem was that the vibration of the train was causing my penis to become erect and this was becoming evident through the thin white nylon of the shorts, my singlet was too short to pull down to cover me so I just had to sit there hoping my shorts could contain me.
The girls quickly noticed my predicament and were giggling and staring at my bulging crotch and the clear outline of my erect penis. To make things worse the precum on the tip of my penis was making a little wet patch and this was making the nylon transparent at that point. Throughout the journey my penis stayed erect and as the train arrive at my destination I realised I had another problem, I was going to have to get up to get off the train and the two girls opposite knew this and were watching me with anticipation.
If I stood up there was no way I could hide my penis and it would protrude from under the brief piece of nylon currently covering it. Furthermore the back of my shorts during the journey had pulled up and I could feel that my buttocks were almost completely exposed. I decided that the best thing to do was just stay seated after the train arrived and wait until everyone else had alighted. The train pulled into the station and as this was the end of the line there was no hurry to get off, so I sat and waited for all the other passengers to depart. I still had a raging erection and by now the tip of my penis had pushed the foreskin back making me even harder as the wet patch of precum spread across the front of my shorts.
All the passengers had alighted but the two girls opposite me were still there, they were smiling at me and obviously waiting for me to move, so I thought Ok here goes. I stood up to get my rucksack from the overhead baggage shelf and as I did I felt my penis pushing back the nylon of my shorts, and as I reached up I felt it burst out from the constraint of the thin nylon material. I was now completely exposed to the two girls who just stared in silence at my erect penis and balls (they too had flopped out and were fully exposed). I stood facing the girls; they continued to stare and said nothing.
"What are you going to do about that?" asked one of them without taking her eyes from my penis.
My penis was only inches away from her face, I didn't reply but nervously looked around, there was no-one nearby so taking a firm grip of my erection I started to masturbate as they both watched, their eyes completely focussed on the exposed tip of my penis. I was so excited that in a very short time I could feel the familiar sensation as my penis started to throb and pulsate, I clenched his buttocks tightly and with one final stroke thick hot white cum erupted from the tip and spurted all over the clothes of my audience. The girls were too mesmerised to say anything, and just stared open mouthed as I squeezed the last drops of cum from my still erect penis.
The two girls just sat and stared at me in silence as I quickly rearranged myself and did my best to make the shorts decent again; I held the rucksack in front of me as I got off the train to hide my still very obvious erection. The girls were still sitting there as I got out of the carriage and as I gave them a little wave, they responded back with big grins and made wanking motions with their hands, I grinned back at them and made a rapid exit.
Back in the carriage the girls looked at each other, they were stunned at what had just happened, and as they each noticed the cum splashes on their clothes, they burst out laughing.
"I wonder what it tastes like," said one to the other as she scooped up cum from the leg of her friend's jeans.
Outside the station I decided to go to a nearby pub and study the map in order to work out how to get to the nudist beach. There was a pub next to the station so I went in got a pint and stood at the bar and studied my map. There were a couple of other people in the pub and after a while one of them, an attractive woman in her 30's came up to the bar and sat down next to me. At first she said nothing but I could sense that she was looking at me, I took a swig from my pint and briefly looked in her direction.
"They don't leave much to the imagination do they," she said with a big grin.
I looked at her quizzically, she grinned and pointed to my shorts and as I realised what she meant I made a lame attempt to rearrange them but only succeeded in exposing more of my bum.
"Oops," I said, "I didn't realise they were so small," she grinned back at me, then looked over at my map.
"Where are you planning to go?" she asked. When I told her I was going to the beach at Fairlight Glen, she smiled knowingly and stared again at my shorts.
"I thought so, my friend and I are going there this afternoon, why don't you come with us we can give you a lift."
She nodded across to her girl friend, "Come on join us for a drink before we go."
This sounded like a good idea and I readily agreed to join them. As I walked across to the table I felt rather self conscious as her gaze was firmly on my shorts, whilst I'd been sitting on the bar stool they had ridden up and now the tip of my penis was peeping out from beneath the sheer nylon. As I sat down my penis flopped out completely and with big grins the two women introduced themselves to me as Linda and Carol.
The three of us left the pub about half an hour later and we drove to a parking area about 3 miles outside the town. We got out of the car and the women indicated that we should follow a path down the side of the cliffs and then to the beach. The path was very secluded and as it was a warm day I took off my singlet and put it in my rucksack, walking now in only my very skimpy shorts. The two women smiled when they saw me remove the singlet and suggested that as the shorts didn't really cover anything I might as well take them off too, I laughed and declined suggesting that I had better wait until we got to the beach for that.
After about 10 minutes walking further along the track, it was so quiet and there was no-one else around so without saying anything I just slipped off my shorts leaving me completely naked, I was behind Linda and Carol as we walked along the track and it was only when Linda looked around to see where I was that she saw I was now completely naked (albeit I had a rucksack on my back), she gave me an appreciative smile and nudged Carol who also turned round and gave me a thumbs up.
We were now going down a very steep path which meandered back and forth across the side of the hill before getting to the cliff edge. There was nobody else on the path other than the three of us and walking along naked with 2 fully clothed attractive women was making me feel horny. My penis had been erect for a while as we walked and every now and then the women would look back to check where I was and watch my penis bobbing up and down in front of me as I walked.
When the path reached the cliff top there was a series of steps leading down to the beach below, a sign at the top of the steps indicated that this was a clothing optional beach and nudists may be encountered beyond this point. I was just about to follow the two women down the steps when I saw a couple coming up. The steps were narrow so the three of us stopped at the top and waited for the couple to come on up. They were fully clothed and when the woman saw me she stared directly at my erect penis and loudly made a comment about people like me getting the beach a bad name. I was a little taken aback but just smiled and then followed my two friends down the steps, proudly displaying my erection for all to see.
The beach was very pebbly and the only sandy area was close to the water line, Linda and Carol indicated to an area of sand located in the very middle of the beach and suggested that I should join them which was accepted by an excited throb of my penis. The girls were still clothed and it was only when they had laid out towels and put up sun shades did they strip off. I stood and looked around him, there must have been about 20 or 30 people on the beach all naked, there were more men than women which I guessed wasn't unusual but it was a very pleasant place and the atmosphere seemed to be friendly, however my erection was drawing a few disapproving glances from the more traditional nudists so I laid out my towel and sat down, trying to make my erect penis less obvious. My two friends had by now stripped off and were standing completely naked in front of me rubbing sun oil on to each other's gorgeous bodies, my penis gave a twitch of excitement and I realised there was no way it would go down. They were both very attractive women and they made sure the whole beach got a perfect view as they rubbed oil on to each other's shaved pussies, needless to say my penis was rock hard as I watched them and the temptation to masturbate was getting very strong, but I could see that I was being given disapproving stares from some of the nearby beach goers and desisted from touching himself. Linda noticed my obvious discomfort as I sat nursing my erect penis and laughingly suggested I should go into the sea to cool off, I declined and continued to enjoy the view whilst trying to discreetly wank myself off. It wasn't long before I had relieved myself and finally my penis was starting to soften much to the amusement of the girls who had discreetly watched me cum.
The women had finished oiling each other up and were now stretched out on their backs absorbing the sun's rays; I didn't really fancy just laying in the sun all afternoon and decided to go for a walk along the beach, it was occupied mainly by couples and single men, many of whom could be seen skulking amongst the bushes and rocks at the foot of the cliffs, presumably either wanking off or voyeuring the naked women, or other men. I stayed at the water's edge and after a while I plucked up courage to go for a swim, the sea was bloody cold and didn't look terribly inviting but I was hot and needed to cool down. I didn't stay in for long and soon emerged from the water back to the warm sand, my penis had shrunk with the cold water and I felt strangely embarrassed as some of the younger sunbathers watched me as I walked back to my towel. The effect of the sun and the few beers earlier had soon caught up on me, I closed my eyes and very soon I was fast asleep.
I must have been asleep for some time and woke up with quite a start as I felt water lapping around my feet and up my legs, I sat up and looked around me, the beach was almost deserted. It looked as if I was the only nudist still here, there were a couple walking their dog about 30 yards away and apart from them I seemed to be on my own. My two female friends had gone and as I searched in my rucksack for my watch I found a note, it simply said 'Nice to have met you, Linda and Carol x', oh well I thought, nice to have met you too. The water was splashing up near my bum now and I realised that I needed to move quickly, so I grabbed my rucksack and sodden towel and retreated further up the beach. I looked at my watch and it was 5.30pm, the sun was still warm and I decided to enjoy being naked for a while longer. I had brought some sandwiches and a couple of cans of beer so I sat back on a nearby rock and had my little picnic. Over the next hour or so the only visitors to the beach were people walking their dogs and a group of people who appeared to be setting up for a barbecue.
The last train to London was 8.30pm so if I was to catch it I would need to get back to town pretty soon; it was 6.30pm now so packing up my bits into the rucksack I headed off towards the steps up the cliff. I climbed up the steps completely naked and at the top instead of following the path I had previously come down I turned left along a sign posted path to the town, two miles it said, so I headed off up the path still stark naked.
For about half a mile or so the path followed the line of the cliffs through woodland and then opened up on to a large open grassed park area overlooking the town in the distance. I stopped at the edge of the woods and looked across the open expanse ahead of me; there were quite a few people around so I decided it would be sensible to slip my clothes on. I took my rucksack off my back and went to get my shorts and singlet out, I rummaged around inside the bag for a few seconds but I couldn't see them, so tipping all the contents out on to the grass I checked again, no singlet and no shorts, even my red G-string had gone too, all I had was a wet towel, a pair of trainers, my wallet, a can of beer and an uneaten sandwich. Strange that my wallet was still there and then it dawned on me, Linda and Carol must have done it as a trick.
I couldn't stand there all night naked so I quickly retreated back to the woods to assess my situation. All I had to wear was a wet towel and the trainers on my feet, it wasn't a good idea to head into town wearing only a towel so I decided to head back to the beach and spend the night there and see what developed in the morning. I had eaten so I was OK and it was still very warm so it could be very pleasant sleeping on the beach.
Back on the beach again, the first thing I did was to take the wet towel and lay it out on a rock to dry in the early evening sunshine. At the far end of the beach, about 100 yards away the barbecue party was going strong, they didn't appear to be nudists and I felt a little awkward about approaching them, so I stayed clear for the time being.
Sitting on the rock next to my towel I opened up the last can of beer and ate the one remaining sandwich. The evening sun was warm and as I sat facing west towards the far side of the beach I began to wonder where his clothes might be, but the reality was that Linda and Carol had taken them and the prospect of trying to get home naked was a very real one.
The barbecue party at the other end of the beach was in full swing and every now and then some of the group would look over in my direction. I was sitting on the rock watching the sun set when one of the group, a young man probably in his late 20's came over and invited me to join them. I was a little reluctant at first but the smell from the barbecue was very tempting and I accepted. It felt a little odd being naked in amongst all these clothed people but they didn't seem to mind and very soon I was chatting and laughing with them. The girls paid me particular attention and found the story about my clothes highly amusing although they were rather concerned as to how I would get back to London; I grinned and told them that if necessary I would just wear the towel, which drew a few giggles and suggestive winks from my eager audience.
I slept on the beach that night after finding a makeshift shelter which I had noticed earlier in the day being used by one of the older nudists (they prefer to be called naturists but to me they are all nudists). It was a little uncomfortable and I woke up early with the sunrise. I enjoyed the early morning sun and even braved a swim in the ice cold water of the English Channel which certainly blew away the cobwebs of the night before. For a while I had the beach to myself and thoroughly enjoyed the peaceful sound of the waves breaking on the sand. There were a few dog walkers around who looked at me strangely, when one dog came over to investigate me its owner made a big deal about dragging the poor animal away as if the sight of my naked body would corrupt. Why did she walk her dog on a nudist beach if she didn't want to see naked people I thought as she struggled with the inquisitive animal.
I needed to resolve my predicament, how was I going to get back to London with only a towel to cover my nudity? The thought of the forced nudity actually excited me and for a while I contemplated going without the towel and even masturbated at the prospect. However I realised that even travelling in only a towel that barely covered me was going to be quite a challenge, never mind the prospect of going totally naked. My options were somewhat limited and I had to decide on a plan pretty soon.
It was almost midday and a slow trickle of nudists began to arrive at the beach. I had hoped that maybe Linda and Carol would come back but I was starting to get a little concerned by now and decided to bite the bullet and just go with the towel, keeping it in my rucksack until I really needed it. I headed off from the beach up the steps to the top of the cliff feeling a little apprehensive about what I was about to embark upon. As I got to the top of the steps I stood for a while wondering which way to go, I wanted to stay naked for as long as possible so I headed up the path I had been brought down the previous day with the two women. I climbed slowly making my way up to the top of the hill, I met a few people heading towards the beach some of whom commented upon my nudity, but I just smiled. One rather surly elderly gentleman stopped me and gave me a lecture about getting dressed before I left the beach, I was giving naturists a bad reputation and should cover up.
"I'm not a naturist," I replied to him with a smile.
"I'm a nudist," and continued making my way up the hill, giving him a nice view of my well tanned bum as he stared after me.
At the top of the path I emerged from the cover of the woods, I was about half a mile from the road now and actually had no idea what I was going to do when I got there other than wrap the towel around my waist best I could. As I continued along the path I was approaching a bend when I heard female laughter in front of me; I stopped and listened, the voices were getting closer. I cautiously approached the bend and there walking towards me were Linda and Carol, when they saw me they gave out a cheer and rushed up and hugged me. I was so very pleased to see them and so was my penis, and of course now I could be reunited with my clothes.
The women apologised for their little trick but pointed out that they just couldn't resist doing it as I looked so sweet sleeping naked on the beach, so they had come back to find me. When I asked where my clothes were they didn't answer but just grinned, I felt a bit uneasy.
"We haven't brought your clothes, well at least not your shorts anyway, here is your vest," said Carol as she held her hand out and passed me the vest.
"What about the shorts?" I asked.
They looked at each other and giggled.
"We've brought you something else," said Linda.
As Linda spoke Carol lifted up her dress, slipped off her panties and held them up in the air.
"You can wear these," she said.
But before I could take them Linda reached towards me and quickly grabbed back the running vest.
"First you have to walk back to the car park with us," she said and then added, "Naked of course."
I enjoyed the walk back to their car with them; my penis was erect all the time as we made our way along the path I was slowly masturbating as they both took it in turns to keep me hard.
The road was quite busy when we got there, many cars were passing in both directions and I was on full display, there was a short lull in the traffic and the two women urged me to cross over. I ran across the road just as another car came into sight, when I reached the other side I turned to see where my companions were, they were still where I'd left them, laughing and enjoying seeing me humiliated. Now I was standing naked on the side of a busy road waiting for them to cross over and give me some clothing. As the two women crossed over to where I stood, they each gave me a little pat on my erect penis, then pointed across the car park to where the car was.
There were about 10 other cars parked nearby and theirs was the furthest away. I don't know if there were people in the other cars, I passed them without looking and got to the vehicle as quickly as possible. Linda opened the door on the driver side and told me to get in the back, I got inside and the two girls sat in the front.
Carol turned to me and smiled as she held up her panties in front of me.
"We'll give you a lift to the station first, and then you can have these," she said.
I felt nervous but at the same time I was enjoying this and my penis remained erect as they teased me. Linda turned to me, stared at my erection for a few seconds and then without warning reached out and squeezed my firm shaft.
"We want to see you play with it and watch you cum, so come on get wanking," she said with a big grin across her face.
Even before she'd got the words out of her mouth I'd started rubbing my penis, they watched me intently as I sat there with my legs spread apart, my feet up on the backs of the front seats giving them a clear view of all I had. I pulled back my foreskin and slowly but firmly stroked my shaft as I felt their eyes watching every move of my penis, I prolonged the whole thing and after holding back from cumming at least twice I could feel the familiar sensation in my shaft, I tensed my buttocks and thrusting my hips upwards my semen erupted, the girls gasped and watched open mouthed. My cum splashed on to my chest and stomach, even my legs had been hit and as the last spurt ejaculated from the tip I lowered my hips and lay back rubbing my juices into my skin.
I lay back and as my penis softened I felt semen dripping on to the inside of my thighs, the girls were silent and watched me intently as the last drop of semen dribbled from my tip and splashed to the floor.
Carol pointed at my rucksack and asked if I'd still got the towel and to use it to clean myself up. As I took it out of the rucksack she leaned over and quickly grabbed it from m hands, I was caught off guard and began to realise they had planned this. I sat in the back of the car not a single item of clothing in my possession and I was beginning to think that they were going to dump me in the centre of Hastings completely naked.
15 minutes later we arrived at the railway station, Carol turned to me and held out her panties, they were white and completely see through with a very small back to cover the buttocks, they were almost a thong.
"Here, you can have these now," she said.
I took hold of them and stretched them in front of my crotch to see if they would fit. They were small but would just about cover me, the downside was that they were virtually transparent and the back was so small that my bum would be completely exposed. I felt a naughty excitement welling in my penis as I held the flimsy garment in my hand.
"Put them on then, your train will be here soon," Carol said with a grin.
I pulled on the panties, barely covering my now erect penis which was completely visible through the transparent material. The girls admired me and were playfully stroking my bulge as it pushed hard against the thin crotch, for a moment I thought the material was going to split as my erection strained to be released.
"You'll need this too I think," laughed Linda as she tossed my running vest to me. I slipped the vest on and quickly realised that I was extremely exposed, the vest barely reached the top of the panties.
"OK, you better go now, have a nice journey, and don't forget to come back and see us," said Linda who had been staring intently at my bulging penis.
"Oh and we'll give you the towel next time you visit," said Carol handing me my rucksack as I got out of the car, I was speechless.
As they drove away I felt more humiliated and exposed than I had ever been before, even being naked was less humiliating than this. I tried pulling down the vest to cover my exposed bum but that just left me totally exposed at the front so in the end I just gave up and made a dash for the platform.
The London train was sitting waiting at the platform and was due to leave in 10 minutes. As it was Sunday the station was fairly quiet, and luckily the only other people on the platform didn't appear to notice me so I quickly found an empty carriage and got on the train. I found a seat put my rucksack beside me and looked down at the panties I was wearing, they showed everything, they were too small for me and my penis was barely contained by the thin transparent fabric. I pulled down what I could of my vest and tucked it around my balls to try and cover myself, it wasn't a great success and I was still very exposed so I pulled my rucksack close by me to try and give some cover.
The train pulled out of the station and was soon heading northwards to London. I was alone in the carriage so I relaxed and without thinking threw caution to the wind and put my rucksack up on the luggage shelf, this was a big mistake. I felt quite horny by now and was beginning to enjoy the situation and was starting to feel excited. The vibration of the train was having an effect on me and very soon my penis was hard and pushing out of the panties. As I was alone I slipped the tight panties down to my ankles and began to masturbate, it felt so good to be free of them and very quickly I was ejaculating and spurting my cum, after I had finished I slipped the panties off completely and used them to wipe my penis clean.
The panties were far too tight for me so I decided not to put them back on for a while, the next station was only a few minutes away but even so I removed my vest too and sat there naked enjoying the view of the countryside as it passed by. Behind me I heard a door open it was the linking door between carriages. I looked over my shoulder, I cursed to myself it was the ticket conductor, I quickly slipped my vest back on but the panties had fallen to the floor and I didn't have time to retrieve them so I pulled the vest down as far as it would go to cover myself, it was difficult but I managed it and then I realised that my ticket was still in my rucksack.
The conductor was now standing by my seat looking at me.
"Ticket please?" she asked politely.
She was a rather large lady and by the look on her face she was not terribly amused about the way I was dressed. I guessed that from where she was standing it probably looked as if I was wearing a very skimpy G string type leotard, I froze, not daring to move a muscle in case my vest slipped and all was revealed.
"Ticket please?" she asked again in a much sterner voice.
I didn't know what to do, I couldn't stand up to get the rucksack so after a tense few moments I made up an excuse saying I'd hurt my back and could she pass my rucksack down for me. The conductor gave me a disbelieving look and reaching up for my rucksack she passed it down. As she handed it over she noticed the panties on the floor of the carriage.
"Are those yours?" she asked pointing down.
I blushed and looked down at the underwear lying at my feet.
"No," I replied.
I hoped that she would leave it at that, but whilst I was getting my ticket from my bag she bent down and picked them up, they were still wet from my cum and she held them up looking first at them and then to me. She had a look of disgust on her face and after a few moments carefully put them in her pocket. Then after checking my ticket she gave me a knowing look.
"I'd better keep them safe, the owner will no doubt be wanting them back. Have a nice journey sir," she said with a knowing smile.
Then without asking she deliberately placed my rucksack back on the luggage shelf. My face was flushed with panic and I just gave her a weak smile as she walked off to the next carriage, taking my panties with her.
The train was pulling into the next station as the ticket conductor left the carriage, I didn't have time to get my rucksack back down for cover so I sat there nervously hoping no-one would enter my carriage. It halted at the platform and my heart stopped as I saw a group of about 30 passengers standing on the platform next to where I sat. I heard the carriage door open and a number of people boarded and the carriage filled up quickly.
A woman and a girl who I guessed to be her daughter sat down in the seats opposite me, I felt exposed and very uncomfortable with my vest pulled down tight over my penis, and its outline clearly visible through the thin material. The girl who was in the seat directly opposite me soon noticed this and after looking at my crotch for a few long seconds looked up at me and gave me a big grin, I smiled back at her rather lamely. As the train moved off the motion and vibration caused my penis to stiffen and after a short while my erection under the vest was clearly visible as it pushed out against the thin material leaving no doubt as to my state of arousal. The girl who appeared to be in her early 20's was watching me with great amusement and judging by the smile on her face she was enjoying my embarrassing predicament. I cursed myself for not having got my rucksack back down off the luggage shelf when I'd had the chance and then at least I could have placed it on my lap to save my embarrassment. But there was a side of me that was enjoying this exposure enormously, as my erect penis which was stretching the thin material could visibly verify.
The mother didn't appear to notice me and seemed to be napping; at least I assumed she was as her eyes were shut. The girl on the other hand was obviously enjoying the view and continued to smile at me as she kept stealing glances at my obvious erection. The motion of the train was having a serious effect on my penis and the inevitable was starting to happen a wet patch of precum was spreading on my vest making the material transparent. I looked at the girl, the smile had gone off her face now and she was staring intently at the tip of my penis which was now clearly visible through the damp transparent material.
I couldn't stop it happening and without any further warning my penis stiffened and the familiar pulsating feeling of orgasm took over, the excitement was intense and my cum gushed out of my penis so hard that it was flowing through the material as well as running down my shaft and balls. I shut my eyes, I was shuddering with orgasm and as I continued to spurt beneath the thin material I felt my juices flowing down my legs and down between my buttocks. I heard the girl give a gasp and as I opened my eyes she was smiling at me, and then looking towards her mother, as if to make sure she wasn't watching passed me some tissues from her bag. I silently accepted the tissues and as she watched I lifted my vest and started to wipe the cum from my penis and tummy and then finally my balls. When I had finished I looked up, and her eyes were fixed on my penis which was still very large but softening. I smiled and looked around to see if anyone was looking, her mother appeared to be still sleeping and none of the other passengers appeared to have noticed. I screwed up the tissue which was soaked in my cum and dropped it to the floor of the carriage, as I pulled my vest down to cover myself again she bent down and picked up the wet tissue and put it in her bag giving me a knowing smile as she did so.
We were now approaching my station; it was three stops from London Bridge which was the end of the line. As the train slowed down the mother appeared to wake up and looked in my direction, the look on her face seemed to indicate she had only just noticed me sitting there and stared at me for a few seconds appearing to take in my lack of clothes. She glanced at her daughter who was intently staring out of the carriage window and then back at me again; the look was one of disapproval and disgust. I wanted to get off the train here but there was no way I was going to be able to stand up without exposing myself to the whole carriage, particularly when reaching up for my rucksack. On the other hand I could remain until the end of the line at London Bridge and then get off when the carriage was empty but how would I manage at such a busy station. I had no chance so I decided to get off at my appointed station regardless of the consequences. My plan was to wait until the train had stopped at the platform then quickly get up grabbing my rucksack and dash off as fast as possible.
The train stopped and nervously I jumped up from my seat, the mother looked at me in total surprise whilst the daughter just smiled, as I reached up to the luggage shelf my vest had risen well above my navel leaving me completely exposed. I could see the girl was grinning but the mother started shouting at me and gave me a very hard slap across my bare buttocks. By this time everyone in the carriage had noticed me and grabbing my rucksack I ran as quickly as possible to the nearest door and on to the platform, I could hear shouting, hoots of laughter and wolf whistles behind me and as I looked back I saw the girl smiling at me from the carriage window giving me an appreciative thumbs up.
I didn't hang around and as the train started to pull out I dashed into the nearest gents toilet to try and work out a plan to get me the half mile from the station to my apartment.
I was trying to work out what to do when I decided to remove my running vest and see if I could in any way use it to cover my nudity. I slipped it off and holding it in front of me realised that if I pulled it over my head and put my arms and head through the neck space I could pull it down to my waist and make a kind of skirt of it, so I did just that. Luckily it was tight around my waist and covered my bum and penis adequately. I slipped my rucksack on my shoulders and walked out of the station, there weren't many people around and no-one seemed to pay me much attention although I got a few strange looks from passing cyclists. 10 minutes later, very relieved and feeling quite a buzz from the excitement of the last two days I was back in my apartment masturbating furiously.
I worked in London for 2 more years and during that time I made many visits to the same beach but I never did get my towel back or get the opportunity to travel in panties again.