I walked through the deserted parking deck listening to the sound of my heels on the concrete. There is nothing to absorb the click clack sound, concrete and cars are all hard sound reflective surfaces, and when you are about to do something risky, your senses are heightened on full alert. The task ahead of me was a simple one, drive home naked. I opened the trunk of my car, took off my dress and placed it in the trunk. To build courage, I had stuffed my panties and bra into the wastebasket in the ladies room at lunchtime. Half a day at work going commando got me horny and horny can be a substitute for courage. I closed the trunk with a thump that implied finality. There was no turning back now! I went to open the door and FUCK, the keys were in the trunk!
My cell phone was in my purse, which was under the drivers seat where I had left it in the morning on the way into work. There was a phone booth back by the elevators. I click-clacked my way back to the elevators and saw that the phone booth had litter in it, urine running out of it and nothing where the phone was supposed to be. No call for help was going to get me out of this.
It should have been low risk. It was winter, and I had worked two hours overtime. Odds were that the parking deck would have been deserted, and it was plenty dark out, minimizing the chance of being spotted.
A loud "DING" brought me back to full attention, and I ducked behind the phone booth just as a group of people came out of the elevator. One guy lagged behind as the group fanned out towards their cars. He proceeded to the phone booth and un zipped his pants. I watched him proceed to add to the urine puddle, hidden only by the shadows and the grime on the glass of the booth.
My options were severely limited. One option would be to ride the elevator up to the 14th floor hoping that there would be nobody waiting to leave work. Then walk up to the security guards booth and ask him to unlock my car. "Steve, I accidentally locked my clothes and keys in the trunk of my car. Could you use those tools you have to open my drivers side door, so I can use the trunk release to get to them," Then I would end up standing by my car while Steve took his sweet time opening it. Asking Steve to open up a locked care was not unusual. My Co-workers have done it plenty of times. I suspect that I would be the first to ask him while naked.
The other option would be to slip past Steve unnoticed, navigate the cubicle maze unseen and retrieve the spare key that I keep in my desk, then sneak back out.
I pushed the elevator button and it startled me by opening right away. On the ride up, my anxiety was competing with my arousal for strongest emotion. One side worried that I would get caught and the other almost hoping that I would.
Steve was reading a newspaper and didn't even glance over it as I went by. Not having my badge, I punched in my employee ID and code. The door opened and I breezed in. There were still a few people in the cubicle maze but I made it to my desk easily.
Going out was almost as easy. I had to hide under a desk for a few minutes while Steve made his rounds. The elevator was right there. As the doors shut, Steve finished his rounds and was entering the security booth. A second sooner and he would have seen me.
I realize that I couldn't hear my heels on the concrete. It was drowned out by the sound of my heart pounding in my ears. Back in my car I took the time to stuff some Kleenex between my legs. I had never been lubed up that much without the chance of getting some dick. I didn't want to stain the seat.
As I approached the exit, red flashing lights came on. The flood lights went too high power, and the security grate lowered, blocking my exit. There was only one thing to do, I shoved my ID badge into the reader. That connects to security for whatever company issued the badge. "Can I help you?" came Steve's voice out of the intercom.
"Hey Steve. Can you open the gate for me?" I replied. The gate hummed and started opening. I said "Have a nice day." and he replied "Don't catch a cold dressed like that." I left in a hurry wondering just what he had seen.