Special thanks to Candice F. for all her help editing this submission. Her encouragement was equally important without it this first piece would not have been completed. This is really a labor of love and it's based on bits and pieces that happened for the most part during a real event with a little fantasy thrown in.
####################################################
The sun felt good. It would probably be too hot if it wasn't for the cool breeze, that and the fact, that she was completely nude save for her sunglasses.
Six months ago, Stephanie would not have been caught dead topless on a deserted island much less in her current state of undress and without a care about the location or crowd. But that was before the "challenge" and the rather remarkable changes in herself. Both internal and external, not that physically anything had changed other than the overall tan. Stephanie had always had one hell of a body. Long blonde hair, green eyes that changed with her mood. Thin neck leading down to small but perfectly shaped breasts. Just the hint of a tummy and a gorgeous ass with long shapely legs.
Only in her current state of undress could her full beauty be appreciated, her light brown nipples and beautiful shaved vulva revealing the full lips of her womanhood.
Six months? In some ways a different life time. Then she had been just another pretty girl. One that would turn a head or two to be sure but not exceptional. Her body usually wrapped in blue jeans and a sweatshirt. Cute but somehow missing something. Stephanie 's roommate, Jill, a twenty-six-year-old ball breaker, five foot three, one hundred six pounds and as Jill put it, half of it in her tits; was going to be the catalyst to a new world of experiences that would leave them and many others reeling.
"Well Stephanie, you got the nerve or you going to pussy out?" asked Jill. That night was amateur night at Top-Cats. Normally it was a topless bar but tonight they had a wet tee shirt contest for amateurs. Jill planned on winning as she had at half a dozen other bars in the greater Seattle area.
"I hate it when you call me Steph you only call me that when you're teasing me or trying to get me to do something bad. Well, I might go just to keep you out of trouble, no way in hell would you get me up there." Stephanie said.
"If you loosened up that tight little ass of yours, you'd be a lot happier. But I want the company. Who knows? Maybe you'll change your mind." Jill joked.
So, at 8:30 Stephanie and Jill were sitting at a table at Top-Cats with Stephanie wondering just what the hell she was doing there.
" Steph, you need to get yourself laid. Look around at all of these bulges in the pants of some of these guys, Mother Goose could get fucked till she screamed."
"Jill you're hopeless. There's more to life than making love." Stephanie shot back.
"You're not listening Steph. I'm not talking about making love I'm talking about getting the shit fucked out of you. Do you good too. I don't know why I bother. You're so straight laced sometimes I think you belong in a convent. I bet you never had the nerve to flash a tit in your life.' Jill said.
"You make me sound like a puritan," Stephanie said. "Jill if I looked like you maybe it's okay for you but people would just laugh at me."
"Cut the crap Steph. You think your tits would fall off if someone got just a peek. Hell, you don't even have the nerve to enter a wet tee shirt contest. Let alone let anyone see your precious titties in the flesh!" ' Jill responded.
Stephanie burned under the skin at that. Partly at the tone, partly at the truth in what Jill was saying. Stephanie wasn't a puritan but even skimpy swimsuits embarrassed her. Wet tee shirt contest! They were just plain stupid! But still...
" Come on, Steph! Give it a try. A little spray, a little shake and wiggle," Jill challenged.
"No way Jill I told you. I'd come with you but that's it. I'm no exhibitionist." Stephanie replied with a little less conviction.
"Don't stroke me, I'm your roommate remember. You're just gutless. I bet you haven't got the nerve. I bet if you ever got the nerve to try...Oh never mind." Jill said in frustration.
I must be drunker than I thought , those two drinks were a minimum for nondancers that I should have left sitting on the table, Stephanie thought.
"I'll tell you what Jill. I'll get up there and let them spray me down. Even dance around a little. If you promise to never bug me about my sex life again. I'll kill you if you ever tell or so much as breathe this to a soul." Stephanie said. Immediately afterwards wondering if she had totally lost her mind.
"I bet you chicken out but great. Hey Steph, it'll only take two minutes on stage. Only the semi-finalists go more than one dance. I promise if you go through with this, I won't say a word." Jill answered with a smile.
Stephanie and Jill went to the bar to sign up and get their official tee shirt. After two more, quick strong doubles, Stephanie was about as ready as she ever was going to be . Jill and Stephanie headed backstage to the dressing room where there must have been close to 100 girls in the process of getting "dressed". If you could call it that, stripping down to panties and heels if they had them which most did, including Jill. Both Stephanie and Jill had received their official Top Cats t-shirts that several of the girls already had on. The shirts were perhaps of the thinnest t-shirt material she had ever seen. Stephanie imagined with a blush that these t-shirts would practically disappear when they got wet. Too late now I'll never hear the end of it, if I back out now. How did I ever get myself into this? Stephanie mumbled to herself.
Stephanie took a deep breath and moved to a locker she'd have to share with Jill and two other girls. I wonder why the big turnout. Jill never did say what the prize was, must be good.
"Five minutes," some guy called from the door. Shit no knock, no nothing. Well the sooner I get started the sooner it's over with.
Stephanie slipped her shoes and socks off, pulled her shirt over her head and slipped her jeans off. Stephanie had half a second of fear and something else that was just a hint of excitement as she slipped off her bra and quickly pulled on her Top-Cats tee shirt. The Top-Cat logo was written high across the shirt to give maximum P.R. But covered nothing "important" Stephanie noticed. Stephanie was surprised to find that the shirt fit reasonably well, maybe a little big and it covered better than she thought it would. Stephanie had half expected them to give everybody one size too small.
So, wearing a tee shirt, a pair of plain white cotton panties and a just a full body blush, Stephanie headed out with the others toward the stage. Jill, she noticed had dawned high spiked heels and a pair of high-cut French panties that made the most out of her legs and ass. Stephanie thought for a brief moment that she wished she had worn panties a little less frumpy and a little more flattering. Stephanie then thought, I must be losing my mind if I had any brains, I would be wearing long johns or better yet I would never have come with Jill in the first place. Too late now.
The announcer was calling them out on stage where they were met with blinding lights, wolf whistles and mild applause. In groups of 8-10 they were led out to the center or the stage where their tee shirts were liberally sprayed down with a hose and to Stephanie's dismay, as they hosed down the first group her first impressions proved correct. The shirts became virtually transparent, all but disappearing, leaving only the smallest hint of modesty. Contrary to what she had thought, being a little too large the material was even more revealing, clinging to every curve and almost molded to their breasts.
The music was loud and seductive, lots of drums and base. Stephanie was in the last group having been dragged back by Jill stating, "Only the dumb ones go first otherwise the audience forgets what you looked like when the voting starts." Stephanie didn't want to spend any more time out on stag than she had to. Besides having Jill out there at the same time every one would be looking at Jill instead of her. Stephanie reasoned.
Finally, it was their turn as the music played, they were sprayed down one at a time. Jill looked fantastic, large pink nipples pressing against the fabric on large full breasts. Stephanie had seen Jill's' breasts' plenty of times in the apartment, running around the house half naked, no matter who was home. But with the lights, the music and the swaying of Jill's almost bare breasts, Stephanie understood why every guy in the apartment building was so hot to get in Jill's shorts.
Then it was her turn. The water was surprisingly cold. Between the cold water and the rather unusual circumstances, Stephanie's light brown nipples jutted out rock hard. The t-shirt clung to her body like a second skin. Stephanie tried pulling the shirt away from her skin but was even more embarrassed when the tee shirt hung even more closely, if that was possible, to her skin afterwards. As she stepped away the "announcer" sprayed her backside as well. Startled, Stephanie spun back around. This was met with immediate shouts and whistles from the audience puzzling her. But the music had started and as Stephanie, along with the others, started to dance she lost some of the edge on her nerves. Although she felt that a satellite could probably pick up her blush as an infrared heat source.
What the hell, if she was going to do it, do it right. No way was she going to go through this and then be accused by Jill of doing it half way. Stephanie knew she could dance. Not in the style of a real dancer but she had been told often enough that her style of dancing drove her partners slightly crazy, she moved hot and seductively. Stephanie let herself go, following her instincts as well as following the lead of some of the dancers that had gone on stage ahead of her and had obviously been well received by the audience. The drinks must really be hitting her, she felt light headed, just a little bit horny and danced with abandon.
Stephanie noticed that she seemed to create a stir every time she spun around. Half way through the dance she understood why. Stephanie caught a glimpse of herself in the mirrors that lined the back of the stage and saw what the audience saw every time she turned her back to them. Although the panties she was wearing were not all that alluring in themselves, they were made of a light material, bought because she had never thought anyone would be seeing them. In reality it was quite similar to the material the t-shirts where made of, likely for cost but mainly for effect and with almost the same results when wet. The panties were now almost transparent in the back and clung to every inch of her behind. But instead of embarrassment she felt a rush pass through her.
Suddenly the music stopped and the announcer moved to the microphone on the stage.
"Ladies and gentleman, I could watch all of these lovely ladies all night, as I'm sure you could but we got to move along with the show. I'm going to ask these beautiful ladies to line the back of the stage and as I call out their names to step out, It's up to you to pick ten finalists by your applause...Ready OK let's go." he said.
One by one the girls stepped forward, some were met with loud applause, while others to polite clapping and a boy friend's enthusiastic hammering. It was no surprise to Stephanie, when Jill's name was called out the audience thundered out their approval. Two girls later when Stephanie stepped forward the applause did stun her. After a quick check on two girls whose applause had been, close 5 finalists were chosen. Stephanie was one of them. Stephanie began to feel a warm tingling all over, that was mainly centered in her pussy.
After a round of applause for the losers, the 5 finalists began solo dances for an audience growing more and more excited by the minute. As Stephanie's turn came and she was re-hosed. Stephanie purposely turned and bent slightly forward allowing the announcer to fully saturate the back of her panties as well. This was met with cheering by the audience. As she stepped out on the stage to the beat of Donna Summers Hot Stuff, Stephanie felt a strange sense of detachment as she rotated and twisted to the music. It was strange, it was what she imagined like making love with a stranger would be like. Stephanie felt like she was out of her body watching and getting very turned on by watching. The sway of her proud jutting tits and the slow gyration of her hips. Stephanie danced with a passion of someone she didn't even know. It seemed like only seconds and the song was over. Stephanie felt horny, there were no other words for its, hundreds of screaming people, mostly men, watched and she couldn't care less. No that wasn't true, she liked them watching.
The announcer was again at the microphone. The 5 dancers spread out behind him. "Well ladies and gentlemen that was quite a show. Any guy out there that doesn't have a hard on after watching these sultry ladies must be dead. I may never be the same but now comes the "hard" part there's only one grand prize. But never fear all these lovely ladies will receive $500.00 in prize money for their little show. And second place will receive $1,500.00." he shouted.
Shit what was the grand prize if also second place was $1,500.00 and just for strutting around you got $500.00. Stephanie thought, wow $500.00 bucks would come in handy and it was kind of fun in a weird way. Not something that she would ever have done in her right mind, but it was kind of fun for a once in a lifetime thing.
They called them forward one at a time allowing each girl to receive her due. When Jill's' turn came the crowd again roared out their approval. Jill reached up with both hands and massaged her full tits and hard nipples through the thin material. This was wet with even louder shouts for more. Then another girl stepped forward with what could only be considered polite approval after Jill. Lastly, it when it was, Stephanie's turn the crowd again roared out their approval. Stephanie felt the sensation directly in her pussy that left her gasping for breath.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we appear to have a tie. Would Jill and Stephanie please step forward. " he shouted even louder. Once more the audience roared its approval. "Alright folks, for the grand prize, is it Jill?" As Jill stepped forward, she shot a smile at Stephanie and with one fluid motion pulled her tee shirt over her head. The room went wild. Jill's breasts free of the fabric swung with a sexuality that probably caused more than one man out there to come in his pants. "Or is it Stephanie?" the announcer screamed. Stephanie stepped forward with a spin that brought a roar from the crowd. But it was obvious they wanted to see her tits. Shouts and calls pleaded for her to take off her top.
Stephanie, without conscious thought, almost against her will, reached for bottom of her shirt and ever so slowly began to raise it but just before reaching her breasts she stopped and shook her head the audience groaned but seconds later came unglued as Stephanie, with a deep breath, hooked her thumbs in waist of her panties and pulled them to the floor leaving herself nude from the waist down. The audience exploded. Stephanie could feel the explosion as if a cock had been rammed into her now dripping pussy. Stephanie came with a force she had not felt possible; it was as if the audience had come with her as indeed quite a few had.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we have a clear winner. Stephanie!" the announcer screamed over the roar of approval. " Stephanie how about one more dance!" he shouted. Stephanie almost gratefully compilied but first pulled the tee shirt over her head and threw it into the audience leaving herself completely nude. After the last dance the audience felt there could be nothing more. But Stephanie danced with a lewdness that brought both them and her to the edge yet again teasing them and herself with light touches to her pussy and fondling of her tits and pulling and twisting her rock-hard nipples. By the time the song ended Stephanie left the audience and herself spent but still wanting more.
The announcer came to her and led her to the microphone letting his hand trail down her back to the V of her butt copping a quick feel. The touch brought another orgasm, this time she was so sexually overheated that no one in the room had any doubt she had cum. The announcer was speaking but Stephanie found it difficult to concentrate. Something about the prize; she had almost forgotten that she had won first prize. Stephanie couldn't quite figure out what he was talking about meeting somebody she had never heard of with Play-Mate magazine. As Jill ran forward to hug her roommate, Stephanie frantically asked what she had won.
"You're kidding right it was on the reader board out front." Jill said laughing.
"What was on the board? I didn't see anything on the way in, I was too busy looking for a hole to climb in, hoping no one would see me." Stephanie hissed. "I don't understand. What have I won?" Stephanie said almost afraid to ask.
"You really don't know, do you?" said Jill smiling in disbelief. " Stephanie, my once prime roommate will be meeting Jon Pier. John Pier is the owner, publisher of Play-Mate magazine. You just won a photo shoot in this spring's addition." Jill said her bare breasts bouncing out of control with her laughter.
Stephanie just stared at Jill for almost a full minute, then Stephanie said. "Just call me Steph, I think you let her out tonight for good."