"Oh my god, Sir!" Lauren exclaimed, as we disembarked the plane. "I have never had so much fun in my entire life! It was so fun, walking around that plane without any clothes on, serving passengers. And then, that Dawn - that sexy fucking bitch - my god, her cunt tasted so sweet."
"Well," I replied, "it's going to end soon. Remember, we have to put our clothes back on before we leave the terminal."
Lauren frowned.
"Shit." she spat. "I'm so used to being nude, I don't know how to wear clothes again."
"We'll figure something out." I said cheerfully. "I have some ideas."
"Like what?" Lauren inquired.
I smiled.
"You'll see." I replied. "I know where public nudity is legal. Don't worry; our honeymoon isn't over yet. You'll get to strut your stuff in the buff a whole lot more."
Lauren smiled and hugged me as we entered the main concourse and headed for the baggage pickup.
"You really found a place where I can go nude in public?" she bubbled.
"I did." I replied with a smile. "I'll tell you about it later."
I paused and unrolled my clothes.
"I'm getting dressed." I stated, as I pulled my shirt on.
"Not me!" Lauren burst out. "I'm not putting my clothes on until we leave! I love being nude!"
"And I love you for it." I said, as I put my arm around her waist. "I absolutely love and adore you for that."
We picked up our luggage and headed for the exit, with the camera crew trailing behind. A n airport police officer was standing by the doors, but said nothing to my wife as we passed through the sliding doors and headed for the parking decks.
"I guess anywhere on airport property is acceptable." Lauren mused, we strolled across the pedestrian crossing to get to the remote parking decks.
Her observation turned out to be incorrect, however, as a loud voice called out, "Hey, you there!"
We stopped and looked around, to see the airport officer from the exit, approaching us at a hurried pace. I turned the stroller to face them as he encountered us.
"Hey Lady!" he called out. "You have to put your clothes back on. You're out of the terminal now. Nudist status doesn't apply out here."
"Oh, is that the boundary?" Lauren inquired. "I didn't see any signs, and no one said anything to me. It's my first time flying home like this, you know."
"Well, for future reference, the terminal is the safe zone." the officer explained.
He sized us up and down for a few seconds.
"Say, aren't you Jack and Lauren?" he inquired.
"Yes." I replied.
The officer darted his eyes around quickly.
"Hey, umm... would you mind if I took a selfie with your wife?" he whispered. "You guys are pretty famous."
"I don't mind." I said with a shrug. "And I know my wife would be thrilled to death. By the way, we're coming out with a reality show."
"Hey, no kidding!" the officer exclaimed, as he stood next to Lauren and snapped a couple of pics.
"Yeah, we have a camera crew that follows us everywhere. It'll be the first reality porn show out there. Available in streaming video online." I explained, as I waved at Clyde and Ryder. "Hey Guys, turn off the cameras. He's cool."
"We wanted to film it in case anything happened." Ryder explained.
"I appreciate that." I said with a smile. "But make sure you delete this. He could lose his job if he was seen with us like this."
"Gotcha!" Ryder acknowledged.
Lauren grudgingly put her sundress back on and grimaced.
"God I hate wearing clothes!" she burst out.
"I don't blame you." the officer responded. "You sure look good without them, too. Umm, hey... I've got to go. Take care."
We headed toward the car, when I heard another shout. I turned around, and it was the same guy. He returned and chewed his lip.
"Look," he said carefully, "I know you like being nude in public, but the law won't let you, right?"
Lauren and I looked at each other and nodded.
"I have an idea." the officer said. "There is only one Federal judge that handles any case like this. He's a real weirdo; everyone calls him Maximum Bob, because he always throws the book at you. He's been known to assign some really off-the-wall punishments, too."
"That doesn't sound good." I offered.
"Normally, no." the cop replied. "However, he happens to be a friend of mine. Let's say, that I were to bust your wife - no pun intended - for being nude on federal property. Maybe I could convince old Bob Whitestone to sentence your wife to public nudity."
"Keep going." I responded. "I'm very intrigued."
"I'm not!" Lauren exploded. "I don't want a criminal record!"
"Be quiet, and let him finish!" I admonished her. "All he's doing is talking. Hear him out, okay?"
Lauren bowed her head submissively, and nodded.
"I'm sorry, Sir." she apologized. "I didn't mean to disrespect you."
I immediately felt remorse for treating my wife this way, and I placed my hands on her shoulders.
"You didn't." I replied, as I drew her close to me and embraced her. "I am so sorry that I made you feel that way. I love you so much, Lauren."
Lauren smiled at me, and placed the end of her finger on my nose, "beeping" it lovingly.
"I love you too." she said quietly. "I'll be quiet, I promise. I trust your judgment."
"Good," the officer replied, "because I happen to be the chief of police for this airport. I'm Chief Polanko."
"Nice going, Babe." I responded with a chuckle. "Something tells me that he has a plan to really humiliate you in the nude, and you almost blew it."
The chief nodded.
"I do, if you're up for it."
"How humiliating?" I asked, with a huge grin on my face.
"Let's see..." he responded, as he pondered the situation.
He looked intently at Lauren and smirked.
"Take your clothes off!" he instructed.
Lauren seemed a little taken aback at the order to strip.
"Y-you want me to take my clothes off?" she inquired. "But you just told me to put them back on."
"You heard him!" I barked. "Take off all of your fucking clothes. Now strip, you little whore!"
Lauren nodded, and began removing her clothes. She unbuttoned her sundress and let it fall to the ground, revealing her gorgeous nude body, and stepped out of her dress. Next, she kicked off her white canvas shoes, leaving her as nude as the day she was born.
"How's that?" she inquired. "I'm totally fucking nude."
"Perfect." Chief Polanko said with a smile. "Now place your hands behind your back."
Lauren looked at me in a panic, and I nodded reassuringly.
"Do what he tells you." I said soothingly. "My guess is he's going to parade you all over the airport without any clothes on, for everyone to see your unclothed body. Imagine everyone staring at you, pointing and taking pictures. Your hands will be cuffed behind your back so everyone cane see your tits and cunt."
Lauren thought about that for a moment and nodded.
"That's hot!" she bubbled. "I might get so turned on that I have another orgasm."
"If you do," Chief Polanko said softly, "I promise that I will do everything in my power to get you all the punishment that you deserve."
He snapped the cuffs around Lauren's thin wrists and double locked them in place.
"I feel so powerless." my wife whispered.
She turned to the officer and smiled.
"Squeeze my tits!"
The chief looked at me in surprise.
"Go ahead and cop a feel." I replied. "It's okay."
The officer nodded and began groping my wife's saggy little tits.
"Mmm, nice." he murmured. "You lucky fucker!"
Lauren smiled.
"Yes he is! Now show me off!"
"Oh, I intend to." he replied with an evil grin. "March!"
I picked Lauren's dress up and tossed it into the stroller with the baby, as we followed the "prisoner" back into the terminal. We must have spent 45 minutes walking all over the airport, as the chief paraded my fully nude wife around like a treasured hunting trophy. As predicted, dozens of people snapped photos of my unclothed whore, while many more snickered and guffawed.
"What a freak!" someone called out.
"You're damned right!" Lauren retorted. "I'll bet you wish you had some of this too!"
"You belong in a freak show!" the man hollered back. "You exhibitionist freak!"
Folks, do you remember when David Banner's eyes would change after that key moment, and he would then transform into the Hulk? Well, for my wife, that last comment set her off.
"I am a freak." she sighed, as her head began to wobble. "A total exhibitionist freak that loves being nude in public."
Milk began to dribble from her nipples, and I looked over at Chief Polanko.
"Your wish is about to come true." I said with a grin. "Keep her steady. Her knees are going to buckle when she comes."
Lauren began gasping in pleasure, as milk streamed from her nipples. Onlookers gasped as well; in shock and disbelief, at this totally nude woman about to climax in front of them.
"Oh God!" Lauren moaned, as her eyes rolled back into her head. "Oh my god! Oh my fucking god, I'm going to come! Oh Gawd! Unghhhhhhhh!"
As I predicted, her legs buckled and she dropped to her knees. Milk was streaming from her sausage-like tits, while her vaginal juices sprayed from her cunt like a fountain. Lauren began wailing like a banshee at the thought of her cumming in public, and it turned her on even more. Milk and cum were spraying everywhere, and Chief Polanko turned her loose, letting her fall to the polished Terrazzo floor.
Lauren's feet were kicking uncontrollably, as she experienced wave after wave of orgasmic ecstasy. She was completely covered in milk and cum, and several people turned away in disgust, sickened by the sight. Most, however, watched in fascination and lust, and continued snapping photos and taking videos as she continued screaming in pleasure. Finally, my wife could take no more, and she lost control of her bladder as well.
"Is she having a seizure?" a young man inquired of a middle-aged woman standing next to him.
"If she is," the woman replied dreamily, "I want one just like it!"
Lauren continued thrashing about for several more minutes, before her tits were finally drained of milk, and her orgasms subsided. She rolled over onto her back, laying on her hands and gasping for breath. She was literally laying in a puddle of milk, cum and piss. A final spurt erupted from her cunt, and then all was quiet on the western front.
"Jesus H. Christ!" Chief Polanko burst out. "Are you okay?"
Lauren's chest heaved violently, as she tried to regain her breath. She nodded, and continued panting like a spent greyhound after a race.
"Umm, I uh, I... oh shit... I... came." Lauren finally managed to blurt out.
"I'll say!" the chief retorted. "What a fucking mess!"
Lauren smiled, as she regained both her breath and composure.
"You promised you'd punish me if I came. Punish me like the sick little freak of a whore I am. Throw the book at me, Chief."
"You did promise to give her what she deserves, if she came." I confirmed.
Chief Polanko nodded in reply.
"I did." he responded.
He looked at Lauren sternly.
"You have disgraced yourself in front of all of these people." he admonished. "You have shown what a sick, sexual freak you are. You are nothing but a whore who wants to be nude in public and who wants to cum in public. You are the lowest of the low, when it comes to freaks. You deserve to be punished for the sick little freak you are. Do you want to be punished, Freak?"
Lauren nodded.
"I'm a freak. I'm a sick freak of a whore. I deserve to be punished. I should be forced to be nude in public all the time. I should be forced to cum in public. I should be forced to be demeaned and humiliated in public without any clothes on. Do that to me, and I'll suck your dick without my teeth."
Chief Polanko seemed surprised, even though he was dealing with the most famous whore in the world. He leaned in and snarled in Lauren's ear.
"If you'll do that to me, I promise you, I will have the book thrown at you!"
Lauren looked at the cop and smiled evilly. She was enjoying every minute of this and savored the moment.
"Then throw it!"
At this point, several other uniformed officers arrived on scene with a wheelchair. One of them, a female, hoisted Lauren to her bare feet and dragged her to the chair. She was strapped in and wheeled away, as I tagged along.
"Sir?" Lauren wailed.
"I'm right here." I replied. "Don't worry, we have it all on tape."
"Sir!" Lauren called again.
"What is it?" I inquired.
"This chair is bouncing. It feels so nice. I'm tied up and humiliated in public, and this thing is bouncing on my clit..."
"Stop!" I hollered. "She's going to cum again."
"Mind your business!" the female cop snarled.
I shrugged my shoulders and let Lauren cum yet again. Gasps and moans echoed through the concourse, as Lauren was wheeled toward her destination. We finally arrived at the interrogation room, and Lauren was uncuffed and allowed to stand.
"What the fuck was that?!" Chief Polanko exploded.
"I came again." Lauren explained. "I tried to tell you. It wouldn't stop. And then that other officer put me in that chair and it felt so good, I started cumming again. I can't help it! I tried to tell you!"
"She did." I pointed out.
"I know." the chief replied. "Now I'm going to have the book thrown at you, just like I promised. Remember your promise too."
Lauren sucked her dentures loose and clattered them, before pressing them back into place with her tongue. She smiled and winked at Chief Polanko.
"I remember." she replied. "Don't you worry; I'll remember if you can follow through on it."
"I fully intend to." the chief responded in a solemn tone. "Lauren Newell, you are under arrest for indecent exposure and public lewdness."
"Thank you." Lauren said with a smile.
"DPD's here." one of the airport cops called out.
Two local officers arrived, and Lauren was re-cuffed with her hands behind her back, leaving my lovely wife exposed in all her glory for everyone to observe as she was led back through the airport to a waiting patrol car.
"Will she be okay?" I inquired.
Everyone but the chief, myself, Clyde and Ryder had left, and the chief nodded.
"Yeah. I already called ahead, so they're waiting for her. They'll book and process her, and then take her in for arraignment. She's already got a lawyer set up to help her with bond. Don't worry, I'll set everything up for her."
"Thanks." I replied as I stuck my hand out. "And don't worry, if you can pull this thing off and get that crazy-ass judge to sentence her to public nudity, you'll get the best blowjob you've ever had."
"You're okay with that?"
"If you can do this for her, I'm okay with it. It will make her the happiest wife in the world, and you can imagine what that would mean for me."
Chief Polanko grinned broadly.
"I hear you loud and clear!"
I arrived at the arraignment just in time to see Lauren called up before the magistrate. No one had bothered to offer her any sort of clothing, and she was still completely nude. As to be expected, she was also the center of everyone's attention. The magistrate stared intently at her for several seconds before continuing.
"Lauren Amy Newell, you have been charged with indecent exposure and public lewdness. How do you plead?"
Her attorney stepped forward.
"Not guilty, Your Honor." he stated.
The magistrate stared once again at my totally nude wife and pushed his glasses down his nose, looking over them like a librarian. He stuck his finger in his ear and twisted it around a few times.
"I'm sorry, I don't think I heard that correctly." he continued. "Your client is charged with indecent exposure and public lewdness. She's standing in front of me without so much as a stitch of clothing on, and you're pleading not guilty to indecent exposure?"
"That's correct."
"Are you sure you wouldn't like to plead guilty by reason of insanity?"
"No Your Honor. My client wishes to plead not guilty to these charges."
"Fine." the magistrate sighed. "Do the People have a request for bail?"
"Ten thousand dollars." the prosecutor called out. "She's a first time offender and it's a non violent charge."
"Your Honor," Lauren's attorney responded, "my client has never been arrested before, she's a non violent offender as the Prosecution admits, and she's certainly not a flight risk. We ask the Court to release her on her own recognizance."
The magistrate looked at the prosecutor.
"Well?" he inquired.
"No objection. We'll accept ROR."
"Very well." the magistrate stated. "The defendant is released on her own recognizance; to appear before Judge Robert Whitestone, on the 14th of this month."
He slammed his gavel authoritatively.
"Next!"
I approached Lauren and put my arm around her waist.
"What happened?" I inquired, as I led her out into the hallway.
"It was like they were waiting for me." she explained. "No one gave me anything to cover up with, and I had to walk all around the court complex without any clothes on. It was sweet!"
"Looks like our friend came through, at least so far." I observed. "The magistrate said you're going up before Judge Whitestone too, just like he promised. You may just have to suck his dick."
"Are you mad about that?" Lauren asked in a concerned tone.
I smiled and hugged her tightly.
"Not at all." I replied. "You're just sucking his dick; not fucking him. I don't mind that. Especially if he can pronounce some weird sort of sentence where you have to be nude all the time. I'm really curious about that, but the chief said he had a plan."
"You said we could go someplace where I can be nude in public legally." Lauren said brightly. "Can we do it before I'm sentenced, in case it doesn't... go... so... well?"
"You can't leave the state while you're awaiting trial," I said regretfully, "but if it falls through, we can still do it later."
"After I get out of prison?" Lauren retorted.
"Don't worry," I said reassuringly, "Clyde and Ryder still have everything Polanko said on film. If it starts to go south, we have that ace up our sleeve. He won't let that happen, trust me. He wants a gumjob very badly, and he's got some serious connections."
"I hope you're right." Lauren sighed.
"I'm pretty sure I am." I replied. "Have you ever seen a prisoner denied clothes before? Look at us. We're walking right out of the courthouse and you're still fully nude, and no one is bothering us."
"You're right!" Lauren burst out, as we descended the marble steps toward the sidewalk. "Oh my god, Sir! I'm walking around completely nude in public! And no one is arresting me for it! This so fucking hot!"
"Like I said, it looks like our friend is holding up his end of the bargain so far." I responded. "Imagine this every day."
"I'd be in heaven." Lauren replied. "And right now, I'm pretty fucking horny on top of it."
She turned to face me, as we entered the parking garage.
"Take me home, let me get dressed up, and take me to dinner."
"I'd like that." I replied.
"There's more." Lauren said with a smirk. "I want you to humiliate me."
"I don't understand." I said with a puzzled look.
"Sure you do." she said coyly. "Take me to dinner and treat me like shit. Just like you used to do when you hated me."
I pondered her words for several seconds before I could even reply.
"I can't." I answered. "Not any more. I love you, Lauren. I can't do that to you."
"I want you to." my wife said sultrily. "I want you to take me out and treat me like trash. Oh Sir; I miss the humiliation. What happened today at the airport was just like old times. I want you to command me again. I want you to treat me like a cheap whore in front of everyone. Even if I'm not nude. I just want you telling me how rotten I am."
"You are a cheap whore!" I burst out, as I fondled her milky tits. "If that's what you want, then be prepared to reap what you sow. In the meantime, enjoy being nude in public. I sure am."
"You mean it Sir?" Lauren inquired. "You like seeing me fully nude in public?"
"Oh yes." I replied. "You are so fucking hot. I'd do you right here if I could."
"Oh Sir." Lauren responded, "That makes me so hot. It was all I could do - being nude in front of all of those people - to keep from squirting, but Sir, it's starting! I can't stop it! Oh shit!"
Lauren staggered a few more steps before milk began squirting from her tits. She turned to face me as the milk gushed out of her nipples in multiple directions.
"Oh my god, Sir!" she shrieked. "This is the best one yet! Jesus Christ, I'm totally fucking nude in public and I'm cumming. In public, Sir."
At that point, I didn't care where I was or who might be looking. I pulled mt jeans down and began masturbating furiously at the sight of my wife's impending orgasm. Lauren staggered around for a few more seconds, before dropping to her knees. Milk was streaming from her nipples, and cum was gushing from her cunt.
"Oh fuck, Bitch!" I moaned. "Oh fuck!"
Cum shot out of my cock and landed on the concrete with a splashing sound. I groaned loudly at the pleasure of seeing my wife's own ecstasy as I savored my first public orgasm. Spurt after spurt of cum shot from my dick as I watched my gorgeous wife squirting in all directions. I finally finished ejaculating after what seemed liked minutes, and pulled my pants back up. Lauren had dropped to her hands and knees, with her sausage-like tits dangling down, and grunted one last time as her final orgasm subsided.
Lauren remained on all fours for a few minutes, catching her breath, as her bratwurst tits dangled and jiggled from her vigorous panting. She finally looked at me and smiled.
"Oh Sir!" she burst out. "You came to me!"
"Yes Lauren." I replied. "You were so fucking hot. I couldn't help myself."
"Oh Sir, that is the best compliment anyone has ever given me!" Lauren gushed. "I love you so much!"
"I love you too." I responded. "God, you are so hot."
"Take me home." Lauren instructed, as she stood up. "Take me home and then take me to dinner and treat me like a whore. By the time we get home, I'll be ready to fuck your rocks off."
"Now that," I replied, "sounds like a plan."