Jessie jolts up as the alarm on her nightstand blares. She is such a nightowl that if she doesn't set herself some alarms, she will never wake up in time for class. Sitting up in the bed, she looks over at the alarm clock that so rudely interrupted her. It says 9:30, meaning that she has about an hour and a half to get her ass out of bed, get dressed and rush to her last class of the week. This is a pleasant surprise considering how late she usually is to her classes.
"I showered last night so I should be good for most of today." Jessie groans out loud.
She hops out of bed, more awake then usual and sits down at her laptop to pass some time. She yawns as she opens it up. Her face turns bright red as she realizes that she left her porn up from the night before. A video left open from the night before starts to play, in which the pornstar is driven around town in a van, and the men driving the van force her to expose herself publicly in various kinky ways. The only thing the woman in the video is wearing is a pair of thigh-high fishnets and a collar, signifying she is owned by the men. The combination of slavery and exhibitionism drives Jessie wild, two of her biggest fantasies. Without even thinking about it, Jessie's hand wanders towards her bare pussy and starts to rub lightly. These past couple months she has been so horny after discovering all these fun kinks to enjoy. Jessie was raised conservatively to believe that sex was meant straightforward, and that things like revealing clothing were unbecoming of a woman. Those beliefs carried with her throughout most of highschool, and into her first half of college. It was mostly due to the fact that outside of a few sexual encounters, including losing her virginity, she isn't interested in regular sex.
In her junior year of college, at the age of 22, Jessie discovered the fun in sex. It came to her in the form of bdsm and slavery videos, and gradually evolved into chatting with people in adult chatrooms. Nothing really came of it, and she never sent anything more than a picture that could be used as a Facebook profile picture, but it's extremely effective in getting her off.
The video keeps playing from where it left off, right near the end. Jessie watches with lustful eyes as the men tell the skinny blonde girl to get out of the van, on the side of the road in a busy street. Obviously she listens, giggling like a little school girl the entire time. The van door slides open, and her perky tits jiggle as she hops out, completely naked. It's obvious in the background of the video that people are already paying attention, looking worried, or even recording. Jessie is shocked as she continues to watch. Not only was she doing this in front of the potentially hundreds of people lining the street, but she was excited about it?
Jessie starts to rub faster. She wasn't expecting to be this horny so early but it's the natural progression of how lustful she has become. A soft moan escaped her lips, and it's quickly followed by louder and louder moans. The sounds of her now drenched pussy fill the air of her 1 bedroom apartment. The girl turns around for the camera and shakes her tight ass and shows off her thighs in her extremely tight fishnets. Her giggle gets even louder, probably out of embarrassment. The men behind the camera start to talk to the bystanders watching her dance.
"Any of you want to touch her? Maybe fuck her? You guys can do whatever you want with her. We don't want her anymore." As Jessie sees the camera being tossed to one of the random men in the crowd, she can easily see the life drain from the blonde girl's face.
Jessie knows that the girl wasn't prepared for this when she agreed to the video. Before the girl can say a word in response, the camera, now in the hands of a bystander, pans over to the van as it speeds off down the street without their pornstar. Jessie goes into overdrive seeing this, and starts rubbing her pussy fast and hard. She's bucking her hips now watching the blonde girl realize her fate now, fantasizing as if it was her. Watching the blonde girl start to get fondled and groped, fingers inserted into her cunt and asshole by random strangers was too much for Jessie to take. Letting out a loud groan and bucking her hips one final time, Jessiecums intensely, and even goes as far as to squirt all over her laptop. The orgasmic bliss that she experienced in that moment was more than enough to cement in her mind that she needed to be treated like that. Even as she comes down from her high, she has immediately become obsessed with the idea of being owned. Not just being owned, but being tossed around as if she was something less than an animal. Worthless. Entertainment. Humiliation. She wanted all of it.
Jessie immediately sits up in her chair, not even bothering to pull her shorts back up. She goes on to Reddit, her favorite place to find porn, and makes an advertisement for herself. She bites her lip as she types it out. The act of describing herself and basically begging for people to now own her is getting her way too excited.
"Hey there! My name is Jessie. Im 23. I am looking for a long term Dom and Owner that will completely take control of my life and make me do humiliating and dehumanizing things every opportunity they can. I'm not looking for men to be nice to me, ever. I'm looking to be turned into a complete nasty bitch with no moral compass and I need someone that can help me become that. Kinks: i love degradation, humiliation, abuse, mental abuse and humiliation is huge for me. I also love public humiliation and public degradation and exposure. turning me into a mindless animal that craves and is addicted to degradation and humiliation.
I am 5'3. I'm half Filipino and half American with long brown hair and blonde highlights on the ends. I have B cup tits. I am a little chubby but with thick thighs and a thick ass."
"There. That should be perfect. I'll just leave it up while I'm in class and I bet I'll come back to plenty of replies." Jessie lightly taps her now light red pussy a couple times. "I'm sure you're gonna be owned and no time." She giggles as she stands up to go get dressed for class. A simple thong, bra, jeans and a tighter fitting top will suffice for her. She doesn't really care too much about impressing people in her class.
The professor is the last person in the door right at 11 am. Jessie attends a large University so this lecture class is filled with around 100 other people. Most of them she will never meet in her life. However, as soon she sits down today, she gets a notification on her phone from GroupMe, which is the messaging app her class uses to communicate with each other. It was an anonymous private message just to Jessie. Her eyes widened as she read the contents. The beginning of the message is the picture of herself that she used in her self-advertisement on Reddit, followed by a rather lengthy message.
"Hello, Jessie, or should I just call you 'chubby cunt'? I was on reddit earlier today, and I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw a picture of you sitting in a post made about making you a slave! I had to make sure that you actually were the same quiet girl that was in the same lecture class as me, so I waited until now to send the message. But I was right! So I have a proposition for you. Let me own you. Let me turn you into the animalistic whore that you were meant to be all your life. You weren't meant to go to college, get an education, get married and have a normal life. You are meant to be a piece of meat. A piece of meat for me, and every other man and woman to enjoy and humiliate. I'll push you to your limits. You won't have a life outside of this once you accept this offer. Now, you may not know who I am, and that's alright for now. You don't need to know quite yet. However, do know that if you decide to reject this offer, nothing bad will come of it. I will respectfully never mention this again. On the flip side, if you are to accept my offer, I will need to know how serious you are about it. Instead of replying to me, you will do your first task. Right here, right now. So cunt, in order to let me know that you accept my offer, you must take your thong and your bra off right where you sit. You will leave them in your seat for me to collect after class. You will be the first one out the door at the end of class, and you will not turn around. Oh, and no trying to rip your thong and bra off so you dont have to take off your clothes. If you want to be a slave, they must be entirely intact.
Hopefully you'll be in touch!"
Jessie thinks that her heart is going to beat out of her chest. She frantically looks around the room to see if anyone is looking out of the ordinary, if she could spot anyone.
"Damn, no sign at all of who it could possibly be,"she thinks to herself. Is she seriously going to accept this completely strange offer? The reality of the situation starts to kick in, but instead of terrifying her or making her break down, it completely turns her on. Just from shifting her thighs around in her seat, Jessie can easily make out just how wet she is from the message alone.

"I have to do this. This is my opportunity. I can't stand just watching porn of it now, I need this to happen for real!"The thoughts in her head are pushing her harder and harder towards accepting the offer. Before she even consciously makes the decision herself, Jessie feels her hand on the button of her jeans. She is so caught up in her mental debate, she doesn't even realize that her body has accepted his offer before she did. Jessie continues to push the button through the hole, undoing the clasp on her jeans in the middle of the class. No one is paying attention yet, but the guy and girl sitting on either side of her will definitely realize what's happening once she starts to push her jeans down to the ground. Adrenaline and pure lust are what keeps Jessie pushing her jeans more and more slightly down towards her ankles. A mere look to the side from the people next to her and her bright pink thong would be exposed to them. In one swift motion, the jeans are pushed the rest of the way to her ankles, and pushed over one of her shoes. The motion is drastic enough that it instantly alerts the girl to her left and the guy to her right. They both stare at the event unfolding in front of them, looking right at Jessie's thong as she quickly slides her thong down her thick legs, pulling them free and coming right back up with her jeans. A bright red face doesn't do the embarrassment justice, but the girls disgusted look does nothing to help the situation. As Jessie buttons her jeans back up, she looks over at both of them briefly, knowing damn well she had been caught. The girl was furiously typing away on her phone, most likely telling her friends what she had just witnessed.
"Great. People already saw me do that. I can't believe this... I don't even feel sad. I feel amazing actually!"Not only is Jessie's self realization telling of how much she is enjoying this, but the fact that she is more wet than she has ever been in her entire life makes her realize that her soon-to-be owner was right. She isn't meant for a normal life. She is meant to be humiliated, degraded, and owned at every turn for the rest of her life. She is extremely horny at this moment, but more than that, she is grateful.
This realization makes the rest of this task a complete breeze. Luckily Jessie can take her bra off without even taking off her shirt, or she would probably be in some serious trouble. As the bell rings, Jessie shoots up out of her chair immediately, placing her bra and thong neatly in the chair for her new owner. Her excitement is so immeasurable that she wants to skip out of the classroom in excitement, but opts against it. Her tits are already blatantly poking out through her shirt and she doesn't want them bouncing around everywhere quite yet. Suddenly the girl that was sitting next to Jessie in class shouts after her.
"Hey you left your bra and thong in your chair, you might want to come get these. Looks like you need them!" There is a devilish smile on the girls face. Jessie's face on the other hand turns a deep red out of embarrassment. Multiple classmates hear the girls comment and turn to look out of curiosity.
"Um no that's okay they belong there, thanks though!" Jessie mumbles just loud enough for the girl to hear, before quickly spinning back around and speeding out of the classroom as if her life depends on it. Jessie has no intention of turning back for any reason whatsoever until she makes it safely back into her small apartment.
As if on cue, as soon as her apartment door shuts, she gets a message from her secret master. It contains a picture of her bra and thong on the chair, exactly like she left them. Her heart flutters with excitement a bit, a little bit too happy that everything worked out despite the other girl almost messing everything up.
"Good job chubs, I knew you could do it. I heard you got a little bit more attention than you bargained for. That's good, but won't compare in the slightest to the things I have in store for you. I'll be in touch for your new life rules, and also your next task, cunt."
Before she even got to the end of the message, Jessie was already on her back on the floor of the kitchen, rubbing her cunt with reckless abandon while thinking about all the things she has yet to do.
-----------------------
Thank you all so much for reading part 1 of my new story! This is my first time writing out my fantasies, so hopefully you enjoyed it and enjoy what is still to come. If you have any suggestions feel free to comment!