Intro: This is the start of a story that I might turn into a novel. Hope you folks like it.
----
"I took off my bra hehehe"
My sexy new bride Amla whispered in my ear as she slid into the plane seat next to me. I saw her boobs bounce behind the fabric. And before I could register what she had said, I heard her bangles clink as her hands grabbed the hem of her t-shirt and she quickly flashed her young juicy tits at me while sticking her tongue out seductively. Right in the airplane!
My dick stirred even as I nervously looked around to make sure no one had seen my wife's breasts. Amla herself didn't seem that bothered. She was giggling and sat back in the seat, putting the seatbelt on.
This was now the 4th time this bubbly curvy new wife of mine had flashed me her tits in public in the 3 months we had known each other.
Ours was an arranged marriage within the community. At 23, Amla was almost a decade my junior. I had given in to parental pressure on the marriage front after two long term relationships of mine in the US failed to turn into marriage. I had started losing my hair. I took my parent's advice and cashed in on my green card NRI status while I still could. I hoped to find someone modern, not a frumpy stay at home type. So remembering the trends from my school and college days, I focused on the matches that came from a defense background. Daughters of military folks were just always cooler.
Amla came from an air force family and had grown up all over India. She was very active, even hyperactive! She had played numerous sports for her school and college and volunteered at an orphanage and was also in a marketing role in a US digital marketing start-up. She ran at least 5K everyday.
I was in finance myself, on track to make partner at a growing wealth management firm.
"You want a bj when the lights go out?" Amla whispered in my ear as the flight attendants walked by making sure everyone was ready for takeoff. Her warm breast pressed against my arm.
"Amla! Hehehe! Sure!"
I was the older man who had been in the US for a decade and yet I was the one blushing at how my new Indian bride was suggesting fun kinky stuff.
Who would have expected a simple arranged marriage bride to turn into a flasher?
I wasn't sure exactly what I was expecting from the arranged marriage market but Amla was definitely more than what I expected! She was hot, she was fit, she was young, she was smart, she came from a good family, and she always got along with everyone.
It was crazy how much everyone loved her! She could connect with everyone exactly on a level that made them feel like she was something special. And the secret probably was that she didn't try too hard. She genuinely did like people! And talking to them.
"How is someone like you choosing someone like me?" I had dreamily asked her when we met for coffee once we had both conveyed Yes to our families.
I knew that on paper, I made a great catch. But she still felt out of my league. What was she even doing on the arranged market?
"Told you na, green card! Hehehe!"
We had laughed.
She was always laughing. Always. And always joking. To the point that it felt like defensive coping behavior. I guess moving all over the country, making new friends every couple of years could do that.
"Plus you have a pretty cock, friend. Want a bj in the car?" she had asked then, giggling. It was always jokes and sex with her.
I had been gobsmacked when she first got physical with me. Most Indian arranged marriage brides won't go all the way before the wedding. It's generally the grooms trying to coax them. But with us, she brought it up! But she explained, if we are to spend our lives together, we need to test physical compatibility. Made sense.
"It's not like you expect me to be a virgin or anything, na?" she casually asked.
"Of course not." I really hadn't. I mean okay, she was just 23 so I had wondered. But I really didn't care. I have been with virgins. It's overrated.
She had shown up at my home once a few days after we met with our families and everyone was in decision mode. Said hi to my parents, said she wanted to take me out for coffee. She drove me to a hotel. And we had sex. She was dynamite! I put in a great performance too. I'm 7 inches with a decent girth. I took her a second time, for close to an hour. In which she came often.
"Go down on me." she said after swallowing my load.
Wow, I met such a sexually liberated woman even through arranged marriage, I marveled, as I ate her pussy to yet another loud orgasm. She was already so comfortable naked with me.
"You're good!" She had patted me on the back. "it's yes from me."
After that, we would have booty calls regularly until the wedding. The most exciting being the night before the wedding at the wedding venue. She took me up to the roof and I banged her there, under the stars just hours before getting married. She had cum so hard! And had taken pics.
Back to the plane on the way to Texas.
As soon as the lights went off after the dinner service, I heard that signature giggle and felt her hand on my crotch.
"Amla are you sure?"
"Ya friend. Don't you want it?"
I was honestly torn!
My new wife was a firecracker sexually. I was already so in love with her. But I wasn't a daredevil by nature.
Amla, just like her dad, was! The family was really into adventure sports! Skydiving every other month! Free style rock climbing. And scuba diving often.
I had no idea it would extend to a blowjob in a plane. My cautious self wondered, what if the flight crew caught us and it was a federal felony? There goes her green card. But still. A bj is a bj.
"Of course."
I finally found myself saying.
"Oh ummm..." She sucked cock so well!
Amla had been honest about her sexual adventures during our pillow talk. Growing up on defense bases, she had not had a very traditional parenting. She had fooled around with a few guys over the years, slept with 3 of them, "but it was never serious boyfriend level ya". My number was larger than 3 so I didn't press her on her past. I was just glad I hadn't landed an ice queen.
"Take a pic of me doing this. And a short video."
This was another thing she was really into. Taking pictures and videos of stuff we did. Just short clips. That she then sent me. Very erotic! Imagine having a wife who is into sex tapes!
She even had a couple of small tripods she carried in her purse!
I came in her mouth pretty soon. And she made a theatrically loud gulp swallowing it and then started giggling.
"Ok, now your crotch is my pillow" she said and fell asleep, her head on my soft cock. After covering her face with a blanket.
It's amazing how she could go from slutty to cute in a second. I stroked her hair until I fell asleep myself.
We reached our new home soon. I was prepared to help my new young Indian wife adjust to any culture shock she might have.
But Amla took to Texas like an assault rifle wrapped in bacon and deep fried in crude oil! She loved Texas! And Texas loved Amla! She had that same big hearted openness that defines this lovely state.
We were going to bars and restaurants and clubs and museums and seriously, this hyperactive woman was tiring me out! I was in as pretty demanding job, but couldn't say no to her being dressed and ready to go out every evening.
I thought I would have to show her around but sometimes it felt like she was born in Texas. She even rode mechanical bulls happily. After all that activity, she still wanted to be fucked twice a night!
I'm gonna sound like a privileged dick complaining about it, but the woman really was way too horny! All the time! All the fucking time!
Amla is smoking hot and I'm the luckiest man in the world but still, sometimes I just wanted to curl up and watch Netflix. Or be left alone to read a book. She always wanted to fuck! If not fuck, then oral. Or something else sexual.
The rare night we stayed in after dinner, her clothes would start coming off.
"Fuck me, friend!", she would chirp as she took off her panties and jumped at me.
And I always complied! Hot curvy woman literally throwing herself at me! I was just surprised at the extent of her supposed liberation.
On weekends, she often woke up naked and stayed that way till evening. I could hardly get any work done on weekends. I was always hard or recovering.
If I really had to work, she would use as dildo right in front of me!
It's like she was waiting to land in the US to unleash her full personality, which the more orthodox and oppressive mores of India had kept constrained. Despite permissive parents. Outside her air force cocoon.
One week, suddenly, she was in Daisy dukes all the time! All the time! Dudes would check her bubble butt out. She would point it out to me and giggle. She said someone had told her about the shorts and she found them sexy.
"Feels so liberating ya, having a guy ogle you and know that he won't necessarily be forcing himself on you! So chill to flirt with the hubby around in Texas!"
"I'm just glad it gets your motor running." I said. And I meant it.
"Friend!" she kissed me. She randomly often called me friend as you might have noticed. "you are so cute! Haven't you realized by now that my motor is always running? I'm clinically horny."
That was absolutely true. She still did seem to really enjoy flirting!
So many times, a guy would buy us drinks, then politely inquire if we were into swinging.
"We are not, but we are curious." She would giggle. String him along for a few more drinks as I stayed quiet and the guy thought he was about to seduce her.
My wife was a smart cookie tho. Just before saying that, she had texted me,
- I don't wanna swing, just free drinks lol
Never once did Amla make me even the slightest bit insecure or jealous. But she loved teasing men into thinking she could be seduced right in front of me.
So then that became our thing, although I was nervous every time. These were hot blooded Texans after all. But no one crossed the line. And she also always let them down in the end with tact. Her being just 23 also made many guys back off.
Amla would be dressed showing a lot of skin, drinking a lot but acting more drunk than she was. Her air force officer dad had given her whiskey at 16. She could hold her liquor like a Texan!
The guys, even if they didn't bed her, enjoyed the banter at close quarters. And checking out her curves at close quarters. She always showed a lot of cleavage and some cheek, once she realized I didn't care. Even rejected, they left on good terms with her, copping a bit of a feel. I was okay with it within lines she never crossed.
Many a time, she would take me to the bar bathroom and either suck my dick or have me fuck her over the sink. I didn't really find it sexy, but she came hard.
"I'm all IUDed up, babe, courtesy Indian Air Force! Cum inside me as much as you want. No baby happening!"
Just for that she was a keeper to me. I hate condoms! Most nights we went out, she returned with a pussy full of my cum. Which she took pics of and sent me. She thought her sending me nudes turned me on a lot more than it actually did. I was always paranoid about someone at work accidentally seeing one on my phone.
And that brings us to my work.
After a couple of months, I took her to our office party.
"First time meeting your bosses? I will try to Audrey Hepburn it, friend! Totally classy!"
She was a big hit again! This time she dressed elegant, not "porny" as she described her micro minis and daisy dukes. Even her behavior was indeed very refined, polite, charming without any flirtation or butt jiggles. Suddenly she was talking finance and business regulations and crypto! And she got along with all my colleagues and their partners. She was still the center of attention, as always.
No matter what mode Amla was in, she was always the center of attention. What equally unnerved and impressed me was how quickly she could change modes. Who was the real her?
"Did you check the work permit status?" She asked me over breakfast the next day.
The only time Amla's voice got really serious was when she inquired about this. She sounded so grown-up!
And I could understand why.
Apparently, my wife had a standing offer for about "15K dollars per month plus bonuses" from the tech start-up that would start flowing in once the paperwork arrived.
"Oh yeah!" I quickly checked online. "It's on its way!"
"That makes me horny! You wanna fuck and record it?"
"Haha, sure!"
I often wondered if anyone would ever believe that in our marriage, she was the sex tape freak! If my computer or phone got stolen and hacked some day, people would think I had tricked this innocent woman into being recorded naked. But it was always her!
"So what's your plan for the day?" I asked.
"Just me and the dildo for an hour. Then gym."
I honestly could not tell if she was kidding or not when she said stuff like the dildo thing. It could be a joke. But I had seen her pleasure herself with a dildo for long durations. I called her my little orgasm machine. Woman came a dozen times a day!
"When are you coming home?" She asked as I headed for the door.
"Happy hour today. So 8ish."
"Can you skip it? I need to talk to you about my job. I'll make it worth your while." she quickly flashed me a boob.
"Of course!"
I was on top of the world! I had a fun hot wife who was about to double our household income! I started thinking about a beach house.
I mentioned to a few colleagues that I would be missing happy hour. A while later, one of the VPs came by my office.
"You're coming for happy hour, right?"
"I can't today, Phil."
"Oh... Could you though? Just for a while. I have something really important to discuss. But not in the office."
"Sure."
I texted Amla that I would have to spend some time at the happy hour after all but I'd be back as fast as possible. She texted back a selfie with her boobs showing and a tongue out emoji.
So I was at the bar with all the guys, but Phil wasn't there. I got a call from him.
"Can you come out to the parking lot? Let's talk in the car."
"Sure."
This was weird. Was he about to quit, join the competition, and wanted me with him? I wouldn't be opposed to the idea!
I got in the car. Phil looked tense.
"Listen buddy.... This is not a power play or you know.... Blackmail. I consider you a friend..."
"What's going on, Phil?"
"Are you on Reddit?"
"Reddit? No." What a weird question.
"Well, I am. My main source for guilt free porn. Cos you know, everyone on Reddit is verified. And also onlyfans. So it's all voluntary. Not exploitation like other porn. There is agency, you know?"
Okay, why was one of my bosses sharing his porn ethics with me?
"Just look at this. I'll get out of the car."
He handed me the phone and shuffled out.
And I found myself looking at my wife's boobs!
"What the fuck?"
I got out of the car.
"When did you take this, Phil?" I angrily asked.
"Take it? It's from Reddit! Your wife.....is an amateur porn star. And a very successful one!"
"WHAT????"
"She doesn't show your faces. I don't think anyone else knows. I wish I didn't know!"
"How did you find out? Did you go looking for her?" I angrily lunged at him and then checked myself. He was still a boss.
"I promise you I didn't. I couldn't. I mean. Listen, I just scroll through and follow a few accounts and it just so..."
I took a deep breath and held up my hand, making him pause.
"Did you say our faces? Plural?"
"Yeah man, you are in there. A lot. Look! She blurs everything out. But I kinda know now that it's you. I didn't recognize you before."
"Before???"
He moved his thumb around a bit and handed me the phone.
And I found myself looking at a clip I myself had taken while fucking her doggy! I had no idea it would end up online, much less on my boss's phone!
I saw a few more clips with me in them that had gotten hundreds of comments, thousands of likes! People were talking about my dick! In mostly good terms but still, what a violation!
"My god....oh I'm going to kill her!" I sat up.
"Shush! Don't overreact! You have no reason to....I mean.... Just go over her reddit profile. She's been doing this for a few years. She posts a lot of cute stuff. And she's getting people lined up for an onlyfans."
Ah, that's why she needed the green card! To get the US dollars!
Just as I was about to start scrolling, my phone buzzed.
- come soon ya. I really need to talk.
I was tempted to send back an angry reply but instead, my wife's gaping shaved pussy stared at me from my boss's phone.
"Again, this is not blackmail. I say good for her! She's got a fantastic body! And she's gonna make you a lot of money without really doing anything bad."
"How did you recognize her?"
"That giggle. She does a great job of pixelating everything. She's been doing this for almost 4 years! Since the pandemic! But once you know to look for her, you can tell. I won't tell anyone, of course."
"Jesus fuck! Is she cheating on me?"
Phil was taken aback like he never even considered it.
"I don't know her, dude. But since the time you got married, you've been the only dude in her clips. She calls you Hot Hubby. There are bits from your wedding. There are some very flattering pics of your...oh god I feel like I'm committing an HR violation. But no, I don't think she's cheating on you."
Phew, thank heavens for that.
"Thanks for telling me this. It must not have been easy."
"I'm unfollowing and blocking her of course. It would be weird otherwise."
Good guy, that Phil. Although no way for me to verify.
I drove home after scrolling through a lot of her profile and I barely got to 2021! She was a prolific poster! And she looked like a bombshell in those pics! But did she have to post so many pics of her pussy?
"Hi honey!" Amla was on the couch wearing lingerie. "We need to talk."
"Do we?" I said, walking towards her.
"Yeah. Sit no. I'm a little nervous."
I sat. She took a deep breath. Her tits jiggled invitingly.
"Okay, please please please don't divorce me. That tech start-up thing I'm doing..."
"It's porn." I said flatly.
Her mouth went wide.
"You knew all this time?"
"No. Literally just found out. From Phil."
She didn't look surprised.
"Yeah, I got the sense from the way he looked at me a couple of times. Why I rushed to tell you."
"How could you hide this from me?" I said sadly.
She got on my lap and hugged me.
"I married you because I thought you would understand why I had to hide it. But you would be okay with it. It's just like any job, honey."
"It's like any other job to put your pussy out there?"
She didn't say anything. Just kept hugging me.
"It started with pandemic boredom. Cooped up at home. Unable to leave. I'm a very active person. And I was 19. Just getting to know my body. My then casual bf and I would send each other nudes and he would say I should post mine online cos it would be naughty. Without my face of course. I shot him down. But the idea tickled me. One day, I impulsively posted a pic of my boobs on Reddit without telling him. Got such a great response. It felt like there was still a real world out there. Many guys. Not just one guy."
I listened. I tried to understand and not judge.
"And then I got hooked to it. Never hooked up with anyone through it. Only DMed other women who posted nudes. Many were making good money from onlyfans. I ended up getting as many followers as them by the time I finally decided to get married. I feel like I can make a lot of money in a little amount of time."
"But Amla, I make enough money that you don't need to do all this!"
"I know that!" She emphatically said! "Why I need you to understand it's more than just the money."
I let those words sink in.
"You like doing it?" I asked.
She blushed, bit her lip and nodded.
A thought occurred to me so I asked.
"Amla, does it make you cum extra hard to show off like this?"
She nodded again. And started speaking.
"I'm sorry, but this is a part of who I am. Very sexual. Very obsessed with my own body. And always wanting to do something sexual. I hope you understand and accept it. But if you don't, I'll quietly give you a divorce and go away."
Wait, divorce?
Sure, I was pissed at this revelation but I didn't want to divorce this amazing woman!
"I love you, Amla!"
"I love you too!"
"We will figure this out."
I kissed her.
She kissed me back and slipped her hand down my pants.
"Want a BJ?"
(To be continued)