My wife Victoria and I have been together for five years. I wanted to treat her to something special. So I took her on a vacation in Las Vegas for a week-long trip! After getting off our plane, we arrived at the hotel I had booked, but I had a special surprise for my wife.
"I rented multiple hotel rooms on different floors for us to use. My friend from college owns the hotel and told me that we could have any room we want and can swap at any time," I said.
She excitedly walked towards the hotel. I grabbed her by the shoulder to tell her about my plan for this trip.
"If you want to have sex, you must do it completely naked and pressed up against the window. The moment you close the curtains, I will not let you cum. But try not to worry about it now. We're going to go out and have fun first," I said.
"Wait, you can't be serious," Victoria said in a scared tone.
"Of course I am. I've been watching how hard you've been working out. Why wouldn't you want to show that body off?"
"It's true that I have been working out a lot. But I've been doing it for you! Not some stranger who could look into our bedroom window!"
"So I guess you don't want to cum for the full seven days?"
Victoria shook her head in disbelief but didn't seem completely against the idea. "I'll see how I'm feeling when we get back."
She played it safe and picked the 20th floor. As I handed our luggage to the hotel staff, I whispered something in their ear so that my wife couldn't hear my request.
Our day in Las Vegas was incredible. We started by going to a magic show and enjoyed plenty of amazing food while gambling at a casino. As the sun began to set, my wife noticed that we were walking past a huge strip club.
"I've never been to a strip club," Victoria said.
"I've been to one before. My friends took me to one before our wedding," I said.
Victoria's eyebrows raised in realization. "That's right... They did... How was it?"
"We mostly got drunk and just made asses of ourselves."
"Yeah, that sounds about right. Do you want to go in and redeem yourself?"
I couldn't believe that my wife asked if I wanted to go into a strip club. It's not like she has ever been the jealous type. I've just never heard her express interest to walk into a building filled with nude women for me to look at.
I looked at her in shock and said, "Victoria, are you sure you want to do this?"
"Sure, why not? We're on our vacation! I want to do something wild and different," she said in a playful tone.
Walking into the strip club was like stepping into another world. The lights, loud music, and how I could not forget the half-naked women winking at my wife and me. As we walked into the room, the DJ announced a stripper named Jasmine was about to put on a show. We decided we wanted to sit in the back of the venue to enjoy the performance. Jasmine entered the stage in a black fishnet dress, black panties, and large black high heels as the lights dimmed. She was a pale, tall woman with bright pink hair who grabbed everybody's attention when she started to dance. Jasmine removed her fishnet dress and threw it behind her. Then she threw off the black bra that was barely covering her pale tits and let it slowly drop to the floor. Lastly, she turned her ass to the crowd, slowly bending over to slide her panties off her body to be completely naked for everyone to see. She found one lucky guy in the front row, got on all fours, put her ass in front of his face, and slowly moved her hips up and down for him as he placed money on the stage. As I looked over at my wife, who appeared to be breathing heavier than usual, I decided to take a chance and say what I was thinking.
I whispered in her ear, "I wish that was you performing for everyone. I know everyone in this room would love to see you stripped."
Victoria took her eyes off the dancer on stage to look at her husband. After a few seconds of processing what he just said, she decided what she wanted to say.
Victoria leaned in to whisper, "Remember that rule you had about the windows in the hotel room? Take me back to the hotel room and make me a whore for the whole city to see."
Without a second thought, I grabbed Victoria's hand, dragged her out of the strip club, and ordered a taxi to take us back to the hotel room. As we ran into the room on the 20th floor, Victoria immediately began unbuttoning my pants. I stopped her before she could.
"You know the rules," I said while pointing at the window.
She looked at the window in our room and was surprised at how it takes up the entire wall facing the outside world. She was unable to remember how many buildings were outside. Were they the same height as ours? Could there be another hotel window facing our room? She grabbed the curtain, but I noticed she was very slow to open it all the way. I think the realization of being seen was starting to feel real. I walked over to the window, grabbed the curtain out of her hands, and yanked it open. Suddenly all of the bright lights of Las Vegas filled our room. She sees hotels with hundreds of rooms, any of which could have someone looking out their windows.
"Now remember, as long as your palms are on the glass, I will continue to fuck you," I told her.
I grabbed her by her hips, admiring how sexy she looked with the Las Vegas lights hitting her body. While I slid my cock into her, I slowed down so she could look at the entire city in front of her. She begins to look around to check if anyone can see in our room. Strangers could look through the window and see her face, which would be full of ecstasy and shame. Victoria could not believe she was watching people walking the streets. There are people scattered all over the busy road. Those who looked up could barely see, but Victoria could see them as they went about their lives. Victoria, to my surprise, seemed to enjoy the risk of being exposed and was crying out how she was going to cum. I never expected her to be ready to cum after just 10 minutes of fucking. I had no plans on wrapping up the night this quickly! I stopped fucking her, closed up the curtain, and looked at my wife with a grin as I started putting my clothes back on.
In a frustrated tone, Victoria said, "What the hell? I was so close to getting off!"
I said, "You were so eager to fuck when you got into the room that you missed one detail. Have you noticed that none of our luggage is inside the room?"
Victoria scanned the room and realized that not a single suitcase was inside.
I said, "Remember how I said I have access to any floor I want? I told the people who handle our luggage I wanted a room on the 20th floor and the 7th. So I told them to leave all our luggage on the 7th floor. So if you want to cum, then you're going to finish there."
Victoria stood there in shock. The 20th floor was reasonable. You would have to have incredible eyesight to see in the room from the ground. But on the 7th floor? Someone would quickly notice.
I told her, "So do you want to cum or not?"
She was angry at how close she was to an orgasm but decided that they would not have to be exposed for too long if she just made it to the 7th floor. Victoria reaches for her clothes, but I take them from her hand. As I held her dress, I asked her if she noticed how close we were to the hotel stairs. Her eyes got wide when she realized what I meant.
I tried to call her down and said, "Try not to worry too much. The hotel stairs are usually empty at night because everyone is out partying. If you are quick, you can make it into the room with no problem."
As she begged for her dress, I decided to let Victoria in on one more secret.
I told her, "You could have the dress, and we could even take the elevator if you wanted. However, if you did that, you'd have to get fucked in a different room, which is on the first floor."
Terrified, she realizes that there is no way she would do that. The very second she opened the curtain, she would have a street filled with people staring at her naked body. It dawned on Victoria that if she wanted to cum, she would have to take the stairs naked. Peeking out of the room, Victoria looked down the hall and saw that no one was outside. Relieved, she rushed down the hotel hall to the stairs. Victoria swung the door open and checked to see if she could hear anyone. All she could hear was the quiet buzzing of the fluorescent lights echoing through the stairwell. I followed behind and quickly walked down several flights of stairs. As we hit the 9th floor, we realize just how close we are to getting into the room. To her shock, she hears the sound of the 8th-floor door swinging open. She sees a newlywed couple, both still dressed in traditional wedding attire. They both freeze in shock at the sight of her nude body.
Victoria mutters, "We...umm....yeah... Goodbye!"
The bride yells out, "Before you go, can we please get a photo?"
Victoria was unable to believe that not only this stranger asked her that. But the groom and her husband seemed ok with that.
I told the couple, "So long as her face is not in your picture, you can take it. Hand me your phone."
Victoria could not believe strangers were about to have a photo of her nude body.
I motioned to my wife and said, "Hey Victoria, face the wall and press your hands against it."
Victoria spins around to hide her bright red face as I pull up the phone.
While holding the phone, I tell the bride and groom, "You know what would make a great photo? Both of you should grab my wife's ass!"
With Victoria in the middle of the bride and groom, her ass arched making her ass stand out. Her ass was spread wide by the two strangers, allowing the lube I had just used to fuck her to run down her leg.
The groom laughed and said, "It looks like someone has already been having a good night!"
After taking a few photos of the happy couple, I gave them their phone.
The bride said, "I think we should head out. We hope you two have fun!"
The bride and groom ran upstairs. I handed Victoria our room key.
"You better rush to the room before you make more friends," I said.
After quickly snatching the key from my hand, Victoria runs to the 7th floor. Peeking out the door, Victoria sees a maid standing in the hallway just a few doors away from our room. At first, she figured her best bet was to wait for her to leave. She changed her mind when she heard the sound of a door swinging open on the 10th floor and what sounded like five very loud men who were ready to party. Victoria decided that the maid was easier to deal with, so she rushed down the hall in a panic. The maid laughs as Victoria sees her nude body while she fumbles with the key to get into our room.
The maid continued laughing and said, "Need a hand?"
As soon as the door was unlocked, Victoria threw her body into the room. I followed behind her and locked up our new room.
I asked Victoria, "So... Do you still want to cum after all of that?"
Her body shook from the adrenaline. The mixture of fear and excitement of people seeing her nude body was almost too much. She realized she would not get off unless she opened that window and took the risk. Determined, Victoria storms over to the curtains and fling them over. This was a much different attitude than what I saw on the 20th floor.
Victoria screamed, "Come over here and fuck me now!"
As I unbutton my pants to take her from behind, she notices a man pointing up at the window. Suddenly six men noticed the nude woman that stood by the window. As I grabbed Victoria by the hips and shoved my cock inside, the wide-eyed looks from strangers turned into full-blown cheering as she took my cock. I noticed Victoria began to look away, ashamed but smiling. At that moment, I grabbed her by the hair and demanded she open her eyes to look down at them. She realized that the small crowd of 6 men turned into a gathering of 35 people.
"Tell me you like being looked at while getting fucked," I demand.
"I...I can't," she stuttered.
Grabbing her hair tighter, I made her face out the window. I shoved my cock deep inside her tight pussy, but stopped thrusting, making her look at every one.
I told her, "Tell me you like being looked at while getting fucked, or you can stay like this all night!"
With my cock throbbing inside her tight pussy, she looked down into the crowd. Several men and women cheered at her gorgeous body being exposed for them to enjoy. All those eyes looking at her, the lust and judgment of men and women, all looking at her getting fucked.
Looking down at the crowd, Victoria screamed, "I...love being watched!"
I press her body against the glass, making sure they could see every inch of her as I continued to fuck her. The small crowd that gathered outside the windows cheered louder. Victoria looked across the street and saw 11 other couples in their hotel rooms standing outside their balcony. All of them cheered her on as my cock slid inside her.
Victoria screamed, "Please keep going! Let me cum in front of all these people!"
I grabbed her by her hips and thrust into her. Victoria's face and tits pressed up against the window as she came on my cock. Her screams filled the room as her pussy squeezed on my cock. Her scream was so loud that I'm sure whoever was in the room next to ours heard her begging to cum. After watching her cum, I decided to close the curtains and give her a moment to catch her breath. In exhaustion, she laid down on the ground to collect her thoughts. While relaxing on the ground, she heard the sounds of the crowd cheering and screaming for an encore.
I looked at Victoria and asked, "So.... which floor would you like to stay in tomorrow?"
While breathing heavily, Victoria said, "Do you... Do you think the 4th floor is too risky?"