Author's notes:
I have renamed two characters:
●Darren is nowEric
●Dax is nowJosh
I will submit an edit to change text in Pt. 01 to reflect the name changes (once I figure out how to do so).
Thank you so, so much for the comments, feedback, and encouragement on part 1. It really means a lot to me and genuinely helps me muster the motivation to keep writing. Again, comments and crits are more than welcome. I hope you enjoy part 2!
Chapter 2: "You Sure You're Graduating With Us?"
My cock pulsed, gently tapping against Danny's thigh as he held me close to him, his hands encircling my waist. It tingled, pressing both the rough fabric of his boxer-briefs and the warm skin of his hairy thigh. I threw my arms around his neck and rested my weight on his solid frame.
I was taking stock of things in my spinning head. He had just told me I would be sleeping in bed with him, before he removed my towel and told me I'd have to stay naked (more or less).
"That's all right," I said, looking up at him adding, "but what if I get cold?"
"I'll keep you warm," he said, energetically rubbing his hands up and down my bare back and butt, before adding, "again," referring to earlier in the night.
I smiled. I wanted to say something clever and charming, but I just kind of looked at him, both of our smiles widening.
*SMACK*
His hand clapped my butt with resounding force. The sting of his slap coursed through me as I arched my back and swung my head; his shit-eating grin bouncing around my field of vision; my slightly excited cock thrusting further into his thigh.
I was getting to know the subtleties of Danny's body language and had fully expected the smack or something like it, I just hadn't expected it to be sofirm.
***
It had to have been around 3 a.m. now. We were still up chatting; lights low, but not off; all sitting on top of the covers. Eric and Josh were across the room on the pullout and Danny and I were in his four-poster canopy bed.
We talked about sex. Other things too, but we mostly just gravitated back to sex. Danny was without a doubt the most experienced of the three of them (of the four of us, I suppose, but I considered gay sex to be weighted differently). Then came Josh who had a couple of girlfriends through high school. Then came Eric, quite inexperienced, and not exactly ashamed, but definitely uncomfortable.
They all seemed to know each others' sexual history; anything they divulged tonight was new only to me. I didn't want to pry too much, but something that was becoming increasingly clear to me was that they all hadsomesame-sex experience. Likely with each other.
For example, Eric had stressed that he had never been French kissed, and yet, when the subject of blowjobs came up, he didn't say he never received one he said something like, "a girl's never gone down on me". His awkward phrasing was obvious to me; it was the same sort of thing I did when I was trying to avoid outing myself to family without directly lying.
They asked me what I'm "into". Although I gave superficial answers: rimming, sucking, fucking, giving and receiving in all cases--though not equally; I knew they would not be disappointed. Rimming, in particular I found, often fascinated straight(ish) guys.
Josh and Eric admitted they had never rimmed or been rimmed, while Danny, predictably, had done both. However, Danny had said, getting rimmed was something he wanted to try more of. Girls he had dated had not been very enthusiastic about it, and while he'd hungrily eat their asses they weren't too keen on burying their faces in his.
"After I started getting my ass waxed I got paid a bit more butt-attention. They were happy to finger me, but still a little iffy on full-on all-you-can-eat-buffet style rimming," he said, making an elaborate gesture, replete with sound effects, upon saying 'buffet-style'. "It's something I'd like to try more of," he added.
"I could probably help you with that," I said, stating the obvious.
"Thanks," he said with a chuckle, putting his hand on my leg and massaging, adding, "I could probably help you with this," and grabbing my penis.
I was painfully aware that I had yet to cum. After swallowing Danny's load earlier it seemed like everyone needed a break. When I showered afterwards, I had to resist every urge to masturbate; I'd rather one of these guys make me cum.
I leaned back to improve Danny's access; in a couple of pumps he had me fully erect. I was always at least semi-hard when I was naked around these guys, so it didn't take much.
I reached over and started rubbing Danny through his underwear. I tugged the waistband to free his dick and got to work with my hand.
I could see Eric and Josh perking up on the pullout as Danny and I fondled each others' hardons.
"Why don't you guys come over here?" I suggested, "There's plenty of room," I added, patting the bed with my free hand.
Eric cocked his eyebrow and looked over at Josh. They came over after a momentary hesitation. Danny and I shifted to accommodate them, getting closer together ourselves. I continued to stroke Danny, as he did with me, but I used my other hand to reach over and feel Josh and Eric's bulges.
As I went back to reach for Josh's package the second time, he moved his hands away and just kind of leaned back on the bed. My left hand mashed and squeezed a nice, big handful of flesh, concealed by his plaid boxers. Josh smiled, and bit his lip, alternating between looking nervous and excited.
His breath quickened.
As he was hardening in my hand, I thought about yanking away his boxers, but instead I just continued to feel him up through his underwear. His cock was only half-hard, but I could tell it was ready to spring. I continued to grope him, pressing his meat against his thigh, along the leg of his boxers. As he stiffened under my pressure I watched the outline of his cock fill more of his boxers, and inch closer down to the lower hem of his boxers' leg.
"Oops," Josh said in a fake-innocent whisper, as the head of his growing cock breached the leg hole. A supple morsel of pink and gold poking down along his thigh.
I tugged at his boxers and he obliged by lifting his butt, allowing me to remove them. His almost hard dick flopped onto his opposite leg as I stripped him and he sat back down.
I released Danny who, in turn, released me, as I scooted over to bring my pelvis right up against Josh's.
Josh's mouth curved into a little smile, his curly dark hair bobbing up and down as he leaned his upper body back slightly, and thrust his hips forward to meet mine. My thighs rested upon his as I took hold of both our cut cocks and pressed them together in my hand.
Josh's cock throbbed, plumping up as it smushed against my hardon and in my hand. As I stroked us together he firmed up more and more; his cock aligned with mine, pointing skyward. I gently yet firmly squeezed us together in my hand.
His dick was nice. It was sort of the standard North American ideal: circumcised; well-proportioned; mostly straight with a little upward curve; above average size, but not hugely so (7 inches by my guess).
"How's that?" I asked, as I lifted my head to look at his face.
He was looking down, still smiling.
"Nice," he mumbled, not bothering to look up.
The shaggy hair that covered his already cute face was so fucking cute. The way his little smile poked through from under it...
Out of the corner of my eye, I could see that Danny was stroking his dick while Eric had a busy hand down his briefs.
A little jewel of precum oozed out of me. I scooped it up with my index finger and rubbed on Josh's cockhead. The throb I felt come from him was instantaneous. Heat, hardness.
As I swirled my donated precum around Josh's piss slit with my finger, his own started to gush forth. Little spurts and beads that coated my hand and melded our cut cocks together.
His little smile grew into a huge grin as the wetness intensified the feeling of my hand squeezing our dicks together. He looked directly at me now, finally. He was cute, handsome. He had an earnest, sweet face; brown eyes, dark hair, and pale golden skin that turned rosy red real quick.
He was still wearing his night shirt, but no bottoms. His milky thighs, supporting mine, were covered in dark brown hair that tickled me. I scooted even closer into him and rubbed along his bare thigh with my free hand. I moved my hand up under his shirt and rubbed his waist. His skin was soft, smooth, and a little furry.
I let a dribbling of spit out of my mouth to coat our cocks, still mashing together. His smile flared up again, and he also spit on our dicks.
I could feel Eric and Danny's excitement growing.
"You're good at working circumcised cocks," Josh observed, before pointing at Danny adding, "This guy pulls way too hard."
Little bits and pieces of whatever gay escapades these boys have had together were crystallizing in my mind.
"What!?" Danny protested, mock offended (and, in my opinion, actually offended).
"It's no shame dude, Moh's got one too--it makes sense," Josh said, wrapping his hand around our cocks, alongside my own.
"You're Muslim, right? I'm Jewish." He continued, while we mashed our hard, cut dicks together. A strange conversation given the circumstances, but I wasn't opposed to it.
"Technically IwasMuslim; I'm an Atheist now," I said, adding, "Don't tell my parents," with a little chuckle.
I broke into a light sweat, tingling, as I squeezed my hot, hard meat into Josh's. We both heaved as we thrusted against each other in opposing rhythm.
"Don't tell them what I'm doing right now, either," I added in a whisper.
The boys all burst into a muted laughter; soft chuckles that morphed into breathy little whimpers as their dicks throbbed.
While Josh and I were frotting, Danny and Eric were touching themselves; Eric under his briefs. Danny was pestering Eric to whip it out.
"Eric Miguel Reyes," Danny pleaded, "Show our guest your penis."
Eric smiled and looked down, his deep brown skin reddening. He bit his lip and let the front of his briefs down. Eric's hardon bounced out of his briefs. He thrust his pelvis forward, just a bit, in my direction. I accepted his invitation and wrapped my fingers around the silky skin of his cock.
Josh and Danny moved back slightly, giving Eric and I direct access to each other. I kneeled along with him, keeping our cocks at roughly the same level. I hungrily tugged at his warm flesh, feeling myself throb along with him.
His supple foreskin gently glided in my hand. His eyes narrowed to a squint as he threw his head back. I used my left hand to lift the hem of his shirt; Danny helped and lifted it fully off Eric as he raised his arms.
Eric was fine as hell, I openly and hungrily gawked at him as I took in the sight of his nearly naked body. His lean, defined torso was vaguely triangular, his chest and shoulders noticeably wider than the rest. His body was a bit like mine: smooth and brown but with more muscle mass and a tiny bit more definition.
I moved myself closer to him. He kept his hands at his sides, frozen, apparently not sure what to do with them. As I slid my left hand around his chest and down his abs he let out a little moan. I inched even closer, pressing the shiny, wet head of my dick against the shiny, wet head of his dick.
He let out a sharp breath. And then almost a chuckle. A warm and wet surge briefly enveloped the front half of my cockhead, as he oozed precum onto me.
"Sorry," he said, with a bit of a laugh.
Eric seemed embarrassed. Not about the precum, just in general to be doing this. He was curious enough to keep going, but his nerves were clearly getting to him. He still had his hands at his sides.
"Hey Eric," I said, looking into his eyes, which rose to meet mine, "Can I borrow something?" I tried to look as earnest as possible, without a trace of mischief. I doubt I pulled it off fully.
He cocked his head, looking confused and robotic with his arms still frozen at his side.
From the tip of his dick, still touching mine, I pulled back his foreskin as far I could, as close to the base of his shaft as possible. Then I pulled forward, beyond his cockhead and onto mine.
His silky skin surrounded the tip of my dick in a warm, sublime wetness. It felt amazing on me. His russet-brown foreskin enveloping my walnut-brown dick. I moaned, as I rubbed our heads together, letting the edges of Eric's piss slit briefly catch mine. I left my dick nicely enfolded in his foreskin and tenderly stroked us together, keeping my hand around our heads.
Meanwhile on either side of us, Danny and Josh were watching, ready to give their feedback.
"Hot," Danny said.
"Gross," Josh whispered simultaneously.
We all laughed again.
I tried to invite the others up for some four-way frottage. It didn't really work. Despite the crowding, the occasional collision of our four dicks together was quite spectacular.
We sort of fumbled around feeling each other: mostly me touching the guys (and them me), but occasionally the guys touched each other. Danny grabbed and rubbed Eric's ass pretty hungrily, I'd say. He gave it a solid smack and kneaded Eric's sculpted asscheek.
Eventually, I sort of settled on Danny's lap again, he wrapped his arm around me and kissed me while Josh and Eric took turns petting my front and stroking my penis. His hard dick was half-out of his boxer-briefs.
"I think it's time for you to cum," Danny said as he toyed with my nipple.
I nodded enthusiastically.
"Josh, Eric," Danny began, "either of you want to suck off our boy, here?" He grabbed onto my dick and sort of waved it at them as he asked the question.
They were hesitant, both of them.
"Maybe next time?" Eric said sweetly, while running his finger over his own cock.
"Okay," Danny said, taking me off his lap and getting himself into position.
He pawed my chest and rubbed my thighs. I spread out my legs and leaned back on my hands while remaining seated up. He grabbed my shaft from the base, teasing it with his thumb before bringing his head in close.
He lay my meat against his face and, using his hand, just sort of swirled it around, making it catch the stinging little hooks of his stubble. He ran his open lips along the underside, his hot breath making me throb. His lips stuck to parts as he slid along, then peeled off like tape; an electric little tingle.
Finally, he let his tongue out. A broad, warm swirl around my head and down and up my shaft. He looked at me and smiled, his ice blue eyes flanking my glans. With eye contact unbroken he took the head of my dick into his mouth.
Smooth. The warmth of his tongue and mouth travelled down my shaft and coursed through me. He bobbed his head up and down to about halfway down my rod, slowly, lovingly. He looked up at me with a half-smile; as much as he could manage through his stuffed mouth, the edges of his pink lips rising.
He was good. No teeth. He kept his tongue moving, using it to massage my shaft with extra pressure as he rose and fell. He had done this before.
Eventually, he tried to move beyond the halfway mark.
"Oh fuck!" I called out, as I could feel the head of my cock breaching his throat.
He rose up quickly, letting my slick shaft slip out from his lips, and held his hand over his mouth for a second, before muttering "Sorry," and continuing.
"Don't apologize," I said, as I gently stroked his buzzed black hair.
People sucking dick always become a little submissive, don't they? Overly apologetic for being unable to override their body's natural impulses.
Josh and Eric watched their good friend suck me off with rapt attention. They were both touching themselves, and occasionally rubbing my leg.
Danny was laying flat on the bed, on his stomach, as his beautiful mouth hung off my dick. His rose-pink lips made this gorgeous smacking noise as they slid over the ridge of my head. His boxer-briefs rode up his nice sculpted ass; the partial wedgie giving me a nice view of the shape of his firm buns. I reached over him to give it a squeeze. I rubbed my hand down onto his hairy thigh; they were so manly, like the rest of him.
His round bicep was resting on my thigh, flexing every now and again: bulging skin and muscle contorting into a tight little boulder before my adoring eyes. A rope of blue vein ran along the top. I continued stroking his fuzzy, prickly hair as he worked on me.
"You're really fucking good at that," I said, breathily.
"You're not enjoying this," he replied.
"What?" I protested, genuinely confused, "I just said yo--"
"Yeah, you'relikingit," he interrupted, "but you're notlovingit."
Sliding his paws under my butt and back, he flipped me over and fondled my cheeks. He reached under me and pulled out my hard dick. Pressed flat, firmly, against the mattress, he teasingly ran his tongue up and down my shaft.
"I think you're a high maintenance kind of bottom," he said, gently tonguing my shaft and balls, dragging the tip up my taint and lifting off just before reaching my crack.
He slid himself up to my face and brought his wet lips to my right ear. My face was mostly down in the bedding, but tilted slightly to the right; I could see him out of the corner of my eye. He kissed my ear, then put his mouth over it.
"Fuuuuuuuck," I moaned, as he nibbled and sucked on my ear.
It was a major turn on of mine. My body and head tingled as his tongue sublimely slicked along the lines of cartilage, little amplified lapping noises filling my ear.
He pressed his whole body down on mine. He was clearly still supporting much of his own weight, but being pinned under him, nude, was exhilarating. I could feel his warmth, his hard muscles, through his clothes. His bare cock, hard and poking out the waistband of his undies, pressed against my right cheek as he continued to make out with my ear.
"I think you need the full service treatment," Danny whispered, wetly through his smacking lips as he nibbled and kissed me.
"Luxury," he continued, planting a kiss on my shoulder, "5 star," kissing the middle of my back, "first-class," kissing the base of my spine, "treatment," planting a long, gentle, closed mouth kiss on my crack.
His fingers dragged down my buttcheeks, digging into them. His thumbs found my crack, angling into it without quite touching my anus. He parted my cheeks. I heard--and then felt--a gob of spit leave his lips and pool in my tight hole. Next, I felt his tongue, delicately at first as it circled the rim.
Then he plunged it into me. My back arched, my hands tightly gripped the pillows as if a jolt of electricity ran through me, igniting my nerves from my anus to my toes and my head. He swirled around for a while, then started making broad, sloppy licks.
As waves of pleasure surged through me, as my hole tightened and relaxed, as my breath quickened, his slobbery mouth ran right across my asshole and onto my cheek where he took a nice, stinging, bite.
My body tightened again, as his teeth depressed my skin and I felt a good chunk of my butt fill his mouth. He grabbed hold of my dick from underneath and, gently stroking, laid his broad tongue down on it. He dragged it all the way up, slicking my balls with his spit. He continued up my taint and once again plunged his tongue into my puckered hole, this time while stroking my dick.
"Josh, grab me the lube?" Danny broke for a moment, to say.
He spread the silky liquid on his palm. The way his hand now smoothly enveloped my shaft and glided along was intoxicating. I felt his grip, his manly hand, his little calloused fingertips gently scraping.
In the background I could see that Josh and Eric had lubed themselves up and were now jerking off quite vigorously.
While jerking me Danny continued to bury his face in my ass, his stubble pricked my sensitive puckered skin, sending sparks through my body and making my eyes roll back. He tapped my hole with his fingers, generously spitting again, and continued to lick (and munch, every now and again letting his teeth scrape my skin).
He tapped again with his forefinger but this time curled it along the spit covered skin, breaching my hole just barely. He plunged it further in, my tightness expanding for him with some resistance. He applied some lube and now pushed as far his finger could go. I heaved as his finger slid in and out of my smooth, tight, hole.
He flipped me over and continued to finger me. But now he brought his lips down onto my balls scooping one of them into his mouth. He started sucking my dick again with a new passion. The feeling of him simultaneously fingering me and sucking me off was overwhelming. I felt almost sick as I tried to process all the stimulation.
I felt a sting, a throb, as he pushed in another finger. I broke out in a light sweat as he tunnelled into me.
***
We wound up back with me sitting on his lap. He was reaching around with both his hands to simultaneously jerk and finger me.
In the meantime, Josh had cum. Now shirtless (naked), Josh stroked his big lubed dick, letting us all see his bouncing red balls. He shot several bolts onto his lean, furry torso, smiling all the while.
On his lap, Danny and I kissed some more. Our tongues mashed against each other, swirling and pressing, but soon his mouth was completely on top of mine, inhaling my tongue, his wet lips smacking together and all over my mouth.
I was ready to bust. And I told him so, in a brief moment where I could free my lips. He planted his middle finger in my ass, as far as it would go, and curled and wiggled it inside the tight, smooth muscle. He sped up his stroking me.
My back arched and my chest heaved. I felt a charge throughout my body, strongest at my pelvis, then in my dick. A rope fired across us, splitting into bits striking the headboard, Danny's cheek, and myself. Danny's finger felt so fucking intense inside me, now. My asshole tightened around it, swelling and contracting, trying everything to push it out as Danny simply twirled and pushed it further inside me. My entire body was torn between the extreme sensations; the pleasure.
And then there was Danny. As the intensity subsided, I still felt his lips on mine, but softer. He kept his finger in me and gently rocked it. He squeezed the last drops of cum out of me. Sweat beaded all over my body and I felt a chill, contrasted by the comfort of his warm body, breathing beneath me.
We kept kissing for a while. Kissing Danny was... nice. I had never been kissed like this by a straight-ish guy. I had never even been kissed like this by a gay guy. The passion; the tenderness; the way he would look at me and smile and shove his tongue down my throat.
***
It was a bit past 4 a.m. at this point.
Eric sadly hadn't cum and, once I had, he stopped jerking off. He didn't really want to be the focus of attention. Fortunately for him, this wasn't sleepaway camp, and we weren't going to make him eat any cum-drenched cookies.
After I cleaned off, we were just about ready to settle in to sleep, but were chatting a bit more about the night's events. The subject of foreskin came up and Josh mentioned liking having another circumcised dick around.
"Yeah," I said, sitting in bed under the covers with Danny, who was now also naked, looking at his phone, "I provide much needed diversity and balance to your group."
I reached over and squeezed Danny's bicep. He flexed a little without taking his eyes off his phone.
"I mean, you now have two brown guys, a gay guy amongst three straight guys, and--not least of all--two cut and uncut dicks," I added.
"One gay guy, one bi guy, and two straightcuriousguys," Danny corrected, still looking at his phone.
"Wait, who's bi?" I asked.
Danny seemed to ignore me as he simply rubbed his upper lip with his thumb and forefinger, and then smelled them.
"Sorry, did you ask me something?" Danny said, finally looking at me, "I was distracted trying to figure out if my mouth still smells like your butt." He was unable to contain the faintest smirk. "Also," he continued, "are you sure you're graduating with us?" His smirk grew into a full brown grin.
I yanked his pillow out from under him and made a show of attacking him with it. He easily overpowered me and pinned me to the bed.
"It's okay," he said, looming over me, "I like cute and dumb." And with that he gave me a long, deep tongue-kiss.
***
Of course Danny was bi. Why wouldn't he be? Tonight he, very enthusiastically and in no particular order: (1) jerked me off; (2) sucked my dick; (3) kissed me; (4) fingered me; (5) ate my ass; (6) fucked my face. He even (3.b) kissed me while I had his cum on my lips. So, yeah, it made sense that he was bi.
Wait, was this bothering me? Why would it bother me? That's crazy! Was this some latent biphobia shit? I wasn't biphobic. I didn't think, anyway.
Why would I have wanted Danny to be straight? I looked at him, now sleeping on his side in the dark room, only faintly illuminated by two slits of silver-blue light slipping through edges of the drapes. His defined shoulder and arm were over the covers, his pecs were pressed together forming a deep cleavage, some of the trim little hairs of his chest sparkled silver as they caught the light. Same with his stubble.
Fuck.
I was falling for him.
Is that why I wanted him to be straight? Would it have been easier for him to be straight? Would that have meant I wouldn't have fallen for him?
Unlikely. I had become infatuated with "straight" guys before. It wasn't pleasant. But like a flu, I would get over it. Maybe somehow it was easier for me to think that nature kept us apart as opposed to some flaw in my person?
I turned around and nestled my back into him. He wrapped his arm around me. I fell into a deep relaxation as his warm skin pressed against mine. His legs against my legs, his chest and stomach against my back, his soft cock against my butt.
He squeezed me close and mumbled, sleepily, "That's nice," and I felt warm all over, inside and out.
Fuck.
To be continued...