As surprising as it may seem, the girls didn't talk much for a couple days after Alexis had her first threesome. But on the third day, Alexis agreed to meet Ashley for dinner, wondering with cautious anticipation what her sister might have in mind next.
"So, you seem to me enjoying your, um, experimenting do far," said Ashley as the girls sat down on her couch with Chinese takeout. Ashley, once again, wore a top that showed half her stomach, and Alexis had even decided to wear a top that exposed a couple inches of her belly and a fair amount of cleavage. Ashley would make her change into something more revealing if she didn't show a little skin, Alexis had reasoned as she picked out her outfit.
Alexis still couldn't believe how slutty her big sister dressed - or how slutty she acted, for that matter. Thinking back, she couldn't remember the last time she saw Ashley in "normal" clothes. Well, the crop tops were normal for Ashley. She could probably count the tops she owned that were long enough to cover her belly button on one hand.
"Yeah, it's been - it's been a lot of fun," replied Alexis finally.
"Yeah, you're starting to become quite the little slut," said Ashley with a wink. "There's still a long way to go, though, you know?"
"Yeah," replied Alexis.
"I mean, lots of stuff you haven't tried yet. I was just wondering where you are with all of it and wanted to see if you're ready to experiment a little more."
"I don't know Ashley," said Alexis. "I've done a lot lately. Would it be OK if I had some time - maybe during Christmas break I could think about it some and then see what we want to do. You know, I have to study for exams anyway."
Ashley, convinced that Alexis had learned enough for one semester, nodded and agreed.
The girls finished their dinner and Alexis left uneventfully after catching up on the latest gossip and recalling the sexual encounters the two girls had experienced that year.
Of course, Alexis continued to give the guys a show from her dorm window two nights a week or so. She would get so stressed studying that she would just rip her clothes off and fuck herself hard, fucking her pussy and ass and sucking her dildo clean every chance she got. She was really attracting an audience, and she always covered her face.
Ashley, meanwhile, continued to serve as a slut for whoever she could pick up at a club or fraternity party, always willing to open her legs, always dressed to please.
Christmas break came and the girls went home to live with their dad for a month. Nothing eventful really happened during the first three weeks, except Alexis continued her ass-to-mouth exploits with her dildo and Ashley occasionally went to a party, always dressed like a whore, always coming back late, always winking at Alexis when she asked how her night was. She always seemed to leave some sort of indication that she was out getting laid, whether it was the smeared makeup or messed up hair or cum-stained clothes.
The girls went shopping one day, too, and Ashley again wore a top that left lots of her stomach exposed. The girls sat down and had lunch, and Ashley's thong rode up well above her jeans in the back. Alexis, of course, told her about it, but Ashley just smiled and said, "I know," afterward, Ashley bought a similarly short top for Alexis and even convinced her to change into it and walk around the mall wearing it.
"You don't find it humiliating? Wearing stuff like this? Ashley, I've never seen you really covered!" Alexis said, laughing.
"Yeah, maybe a little."
"Well we are home now - not in college! I've seen people I know and stuff - what are they thinking when they see us like this? They're going to think I'm a slut! Especially this time of year!"
"Yeah, Alexis - if you hadn't figured it out yet, lots of people know I'm a slut. I actually kinda like it - it turns me on."
"Yeah, that sounds just like you, Ashley," replied Alexis. The girls laughed and continued to walk through the mall, Ashley strutting her body and Alexis slowly becoming more comfortable in her attire. The girls finished shopping after a few more stores, and Alexis was relieved to only be seen by one person she recognized, other than Ashley of course.
The girls left the mall and stepped out into the cold. Alexis folded her arms across her bare stomach, shivering. Ashley, on the other hand, adjusted her hair, allowing her shirt to ride up and show even more skin as the hem flapped in the cold breeze.
A few days later, while the girls' father was at work, Ashley left to go see a friend, leaving Alexis home alone. Seizing the opportunity, Alexis pulled out her dildo and began another ass-to-mouth performance, hoping to finally satisfy the urges that had plagued her for the last couple days. She was on her fourth round of switching from her ass to her mouth when Ashley barged in the bedroom unannounced.
"Ashley!" Alexis shouted.
"Whoa, you are really going at it!" Ashley exclaimed, laughing.
"Damn it, I was so close!"
"Come on, it's not like I've never watched you fuck yourself."
"Yeah, but I was - "
"You were really into it. I heard you all the way down the hall."
"Did you hear me moaning, or - "
"I heard everything. The moaning, the begging, you calling yourself a filthy slut - I bet you really want someone to watch you right now don't you?"
"Oh my god, I can't believe - "
"Don't be all prudish on me! So you like to be called a slut - I like it too. I love it, actually. And I know how much you love being watched."
"So what, you're just going to sit here and watch me fuck myself and listen to me tell you what an ass to mouth slut I am?" Alexis noticed at that exact moment that she had completely stopped masturbating, but she was still more horny than ever.
"You would just love that, wouldn't you? Well guess what, I have to go shower." Ashley quickly unzipped her low-rise jeans and slid them off along with her panties, stopping to dip two fingers into her pussy. When she pulled them out, Alexis could see that they were unmistakably covered in cum. Before she could ask, Ashley began to explain.
"I just went to meet a couple of guys for a quick fuck," Ashley said. Slowly, she lifted her fingers to her lips and began to lick off the remnants of her slutty day. She sucked her fingers for a few seconds, teasing Alexis as she swallowed the cum. "See, I can't watch you - I have to shower."
"Ashley, wow," said Alexis.
"What, are you jealous? There are plenty of guys out there who would be up for a quick meet and fuck. Go find some if you want it."
"No, I just want someone to watch. I don't want to fuck guys around here. I feel like I'd get a reputation!"
"Yeah, that you're easy and a slut? You think everybody doesn't know I am? Come on. And if you really just want someone to watch, open up your computer and let somebody watch!"
"Wh- what do you mean?" Asked Alexis.
"Come on, you know. There are websites where you can get naked for a stranger. Show your tits, show your pussy, even fuck yourself for them. Whatever you want to do."
"Oh - wow - really? Can you show me? Is it safe?"
"Sure." Said Ashley. She opened up Alexis' laptop and brought up a site and clicked a few buttons and keys. Within a few minutes, there was a guy on the screen chatting with Alexis, who was in bed completely nude.
"You can type to him," said Ashley. "You have no idea who he is or where he is. And that's half the fun!"
"Wow..." Alexis' voice trailed off. "Ok, I'm going to show him how I have fun."
"Go right ahead. I'll be in the shower." Alexis turned to the computer and began typing some words.
"Wow, you're already naked!" The guy had typed.
"What do you expect?" Alexis typed back. "Isn't the point to be naked?"
"Yeah, but some girls will barely flash you their tits before they run away. So what do you like to do on here?"
"This is my first time," typed Alexis.
"First time and already naked!"
"Yeah, my sister showed me this site just a few minutes ago."
"Is your sister there? Is she naked too?"
"Haha. She's in the shower."
"Oh. Well you have a really sexy body."
"Thank you," typed Alexis, blushing. She moved the laptop to show her face, as she realized her face wasn't in the screen.
"Wow, and your face too!" The guy said. He thought about telling her that most girls that use the site don't show their face, but he thought better of it and said nothing.
Slowly, Alexis built up her courage and began to rub her pussy lips with her right hand.
"You like that?" She asked, stopping for a moment.
"Oh yeah. Want to do it together?"
"YES"
Alexis plunged her fingers into her pussy as the guy brought out his cock and began to stroke it.
"This turns me on so much!" The guy wrote after a couple minutes of watching each other masturbate.
"Me too! I love being watched!" Alexis wrote back.
"Yeah. And I love watching and shooting a load of cum on a hot girl!"
"Want me to make you cum? I love ass to mouth and I want to show you something..."
"Wow, definitely!"
Alexis needed nothing more. She grabbed her dildo and plunged it deep into her ass, becoming more aroused with each thrust as she slid the dildo deeper and deeper into her ass. Looking at the computer, she could see him stroking his cock to her as she fucked her own ass.
"Wow, just wow," he typed.
"Do you like watching me fuck my ass?" She responded, pausing for a moment.
"Yeah, that's so sexy!"
"Well I like you watching me. I'm really just a little slut and want to show you."
"You like being watched?"
"I loooove being watched. And being called a slut. ;)"
"You really are a little slut"
Alexis thrust the dildo deep in her ass and pulled it out. Positioning her face in front of the webcam, she slowly slid her dildo out of her ass and into her waiting mouth as she began to type, holding the dildo in her mouth with her lips.
"This tastes really nasty but I love doing it."
"Wow, you slut!"
"Thanks. It really makes me super horny."
"You like tasting your own ass?"
"Love it. Its nasty and humiliating and really turns me on."
Alexis continued to suck on the dildo in her mouth, savorong its nasty taste as she did so. She sucked as she looked directly at the webcam, wanting her viewer to see the sultry look on her face and see exactly how tasting her ass made her feel.
Soon, Alexis was pounding her ass with the dildo again, turning to show him how deep she was taking it. She thrust hard, turned the dildo in her ass, pulled it almost all the way out, and thrust it in again. Alexis was taking as much as she could stand.
"You really are an anal slut, aren't you?"
"Yes," she replied, holding the dildo with her lips again. "If you were here I would beg you to fuck my ass and then suck your cock clean."
"Ohhhh that's so hot!"
Alexis shoved the dildo deep inside her mouth, tasting her ass again as she forced it into her throat. Swallowing her ass-flavored saliva, she smiled and began thrusting he dildo in her ass again. For another couple of minutes Alexis fucked her ass hard with the dildo. Removing it, she sat up and typed again.
"I want you to shoot your cum all over me," she wrote.
"Beg for it slut," came the reply.
"Please, please shoot your cum on me while I taste my own ass! I love being watched while I fuck my own ass and taste it. Please, please please give me that cum!"
Alexis placed the dildo into her mouth yet again, letting him watch as she slowly licked every inch, sticking her tongue out and licking it as if she was teasing a cock.
"I'm a filthy ass to mouth slut," Alexis said out loud to the webcam. Even though the guy couldn't hear her, he read her lips perfectly. She placed her face near the webcam, giving him a close up view as she rammed the dildo into her throat, abusing her face for him as she tasted the nasty toy.
It only took a moment. Seconds later, he began to shoot his load. Alexis took the dildo out and opened wide, giving him a nice big target on his computer screen. He didn't miss.
Alexis quickly thanked him and soon found another viewer to satisfy her desires. This time, she placed her ass near the webcam, moving her computer closer to her body to give the guy a show. She fingered her ass as she fucked her pussy with the dildo until she made him cum also.
Then it was on to a third guy. Alexis started right off by telling him she loved to show off and that she was a huge slut and needed to be watched. She begged him to call her nasty names, which he was all took happy to do. Finally, Alexis had a thunderous orgasm as she slid three fingers into her ass and fucked her pussy rough, showing him up close. She then sucked her dildo and her fingers until the guy shot his load onto her face.
Ashley, meanwhile, had finished her shower, put on a minimal amount of clothing, and was about to go for her second booty call of the day when she heard her sister scream from her bedroom.
"God, goooood yes I'm such a fucking ass to mouth slut and I love being watched while I taste my ass!" Ashley stopped to listen as her sister, moaning in ecstasy, degraded herself, not knowing Ashley was intently listening. She left with her sisters voice ringing in her ears, and she came hard while being roughly used by her "date" and thinking about her sister's self-degradation and new obsession with tasting her own ass.
The sisters didn't talk much for a couple days, mostly because Alexis was too busy showing off for strangers online and Ashley was too busy going out and getting fucked. But they did speak, and Alexis made certain to let Ashley know she had a good time online, but that it wasn't nearly as good as the real thing. Every so often, Ashley would catch her sister moaning or even screaming, and could not help but stop and listen or even walk in and watch.
The night before the girls were going to head back to campus, Alexis came into Ashley's room.
"Ashley - I thought about what you said, and about what we talked about."
"About what?" Ashley inquired.
"About me trying new things and, you know - just - being more of a slut."
"And?" Ashley stopped packing and looked at her sister intently.
"Well, I've been getting bored showing off online. It was fun at first but I guess I'm just getting used to it now. I'm going through five or six guys before I even get off, and that's if I only do it once. I mean, I guess what I'm saying is - I want to be a slut, Ashley. I'm ready to try new things and everything."
"I hoped you'd say that," Ashley said. She stepped closer to her sister, her cropped sweater not hiding her tits or her stomach particularly well. Her thong rode up as she bent over to pick up a bag from the floor. "Here are some - some clothes I want to give you. You might call them a little slutty, but to me it's just normal clothes. I hope you'll be wearing more revealing clothes from now on, so I want to give them to you."
"Ummm, thank you," said Alexis.
"Ready to be a slut," repeated Ashley. "Ready to have some sexy fun this semester?"
"Yeah. I mean, Ashley, I'll be a slut at school. I really don't want to be one here. Like, if I get a reputation there or whatever, I mean, I thought about it and I want to be a slut so that's ok - it's part of the deal I guess. But I don't want to have a reputation here - I've heard people talking about you here. Everyone knows you'll have sex with anybody. I don't want that - not here."
"Then let's get you a reputation on campus!" Said Ashley with a wink. "There a party next weekend, first weekend back. Want to go with me?"
"Sure," said Alexis, smiling wide. She knew her sister had something planned. Truthfully, after having a month to consider it, Alexis had realized that having a reputation for being a slut was a small price to pay for having as much fun as she was having actually being one. And the more she thought about it, the more the idea of being the "school slut" aroused her. She was actually going to do it.
------------------
Alexis arrived at Ashley's apartment as planned on the night of the party, and soon after, the girls were on their way, walking to the scene of the event. Although it was barely twenty degrees, Ashley was dressed in her usual revealing attire - this time it was a white cropped sweater. The neckline was cut in a "u" shape, reveaing a hint of cleavage, and there was an inch-wide slit directly between her breasts, so deep it revealed the front clasp on her sultry red bra. A three-inch strip of cotton fabric was all that separated the bottom of the slit from the top's hem. Her low rise jeans exposed her pelvic bones, and her pierced belly button was squarely in the middle of her completely exposed midriff.
Alexis wasn't completely covered either, opting for a small, black tie-front cropped sweater, complete with a v-neck to expose her cleavage, and tight, high-waisted jeans that sat just below her navel. She also wore a short denim jacket that didn't really cover that much, but at least it would keep her marginally warm as she strutted to the party.
"So, what are we doing tonight?" Alexis asked playfully as the girls walked.
"Just wait and see," said Ashley.
"Being sluts?" Asked Alexis.
"Oh, you know it! Slut!" Ashley replied. Alexis couldn't have been more excited.
When the girls arrived at the party, Ashley immediately took off Alexis' jacket and threw it in a corner. Alexis offered no objection. The girls made their way to the kitchen to get a drink.
"Sorry, we uhh - we don't really have much booze," said a guy in a backwards hat to the girls as they walked in.
"What?! Why?" Said Ashley.
"First weekend back, we just didn't have time to get a bunch. We didn't realize how many people were coming."
"Well maybe I can change your mind about that?" Ashley half asked and half stated.
"How's that?" Asked the guy, a crooked smile sneaking its way onto his lips.
"Like this," Ashley said. She reached her arms to just under her breasts and, grabbing both her sweater and bra, lifted up, exposing her breasts to the dozen or so people standing in the room.
"Wow, you really know how to do it," said the guy, handing Ashley a beer as she returned her clothing to its original location. She had flashed for about fifteen scones, which was enough to arouse her a little, but left her wanting more.
"Go on, Alexis, you want a drink, don't you?" Ashley prodded. Smiling a semi-reluctant smile, but knowing how much she wanted to show off, Alexis slowly untied her shirt and then unclasped her strapless bra from the back, letting her shirt fall open at her sides, exposing her perky tits. She handed the bra to the guy as she took a beer from his hand, not bothering to tie her shirt until she had quickly downed the beer and received another.
From that point forward, knowing the girls would flash their tits if it meant getting booze, the guys wouldn't dare give either of them a drink without getting something in return. Alexis tried to keep count of the number of drinks she had, and the number of times she flashed, but she soon lost count.
An hour or do later, after probably a half dozen flashes for each girl, Ashley stepped up onto the coffee table as a dance song started playing on the stereo system. With probably thirty people in the large room, she unclasped per her bra and pulled it out of her shirt, the outline of her nipples becoming visible to all through her sweater.
"Wooooo!" She shouted. Smiling and laughing, she tossed the bra aside and lifted her sweater up, exposing her breasts to the whole room. She reached out for Alexis' hand, pulling her up onto the table, and began to dance.
Alexis didn't need much encouragement. After all, her new mission was to engage in slutty behavior at every opportunity. She quickly untied her shirt for the seventh time (she thought) that evening, and, not to be outdone, slipped it off over her arms and tossed it into the crowd of guys.
The girls began to dance, shaking their tits and asses and even grinding on each other to the beat of the music. Quickly, the girls had earned the attention of every guy in attendance. Ashley grabbed a drink from a guy's hand and downed it quickly, spilling a small amount down her chin and onto her chest, which she quickly rubbed into her tits, giving them a shiny appearance.
Alexis followed suit, stealing a drink from a different guy and grabbing his hand, leading it to her stomach and then her left breast as she finished the drink before resuming her dance.
After three minutes, more or less, of total exposure, the song ended. The girls climbed down off the table as the guys cheered them on. For the next few minutes, Alexis could be seen offering a grope or a grab to anyone within reach as she made her way across the room to the guy holding her shirt before finally putting it on and tying it loosely, barely covering her tits.
Ashley, meanwhile, had yet to cover up, but as Alexis made her way back to where her sister stood, Ashley adjusted her shirt. The guys moaned as she covered up, but Ashley knew she was in the fantasies of each of them at that moment. Would those fantasies turn to reality?
"Alexis! There's someone I want you to meet!" Ashley shouted over the music. Alexis looked over to see an attractive blonde standing next to her sister. "This is Chelsea."
"Hi, Alexis," said the girl. "I really liked your show! I wish I had the courage to do that."
"Yeah, thanks!" Replied Alexis. "It took me a few drinks," she explained.
"And letting those guys touch you - wow!" Alexis just smiled at her. "But if you want to really get some attention, you should let a girl do it!". Alexis' head was swimming. Did this girl want to touch her tits? She wondered. She had wondered about being touched by a girl, of course, but never acted on it, although in this moment she was enormously turned on by the idea.
"Great idea!" Said Alexis before she could stop herself. Slowly, her alcohol-fueled mind, enticed by her high level of arousal, led her hands to her shirt, and before Alexis knew what was happening, Chelsea was cupping her exposed breasts and trading her nipples. God, that was sexy!
"Let me steal her for a minute," Ashley shouted as Chelsea finished her two-handed feel. She took Alexis by the hand and led her a short distance away as Alexis re-tied her shirt.
"Have you ever been with a girl before?" Ashley shouted over the music.
"What, like, had sex? No!" Alexis shouted back.
"Chelsea is bisexual. I think she likes you!"
"Really?" Asked Alexis. Her heart skipped a beat as she realized she was seriously thinking about having her first sexual experience with another girl. She didn't know if she was ready for it, but Ashley was about to push her over the edge.
"Yeah - actually, to be completely honest, I showed her some pictures of you - sexy ones. And when I found out she was into you, I asked her to come here tonight so you could meet."
"Ashley! You're setting me up with girls now!?" She couldn't believe her sister would take such a bold step.
"You said you wanted to be experiment!" Ashley replied. "Besides, what's more slutty than getting dirty with another girl? Just give it a shot, you're in college, you're here to have fun - try new things!"
"Ok, yeah, sure," Alexis half mumbled. She was already aroused at the thought, the alcohol and her sexual desires taking control of her. Thinking to herself, Alexis was glad Ashley had brought another girl for her. Alexis had been a little worried that Ashley was going to try to have sex with her, even though they were sisters - and that was a line Alexis was not willing to cross. Instead, she let Ashley lead her back to where Chelsea was standing.
As she approached, Alexis eyed Chelsea's body with anticipation. She certainly did look sexy. She had on high-heeled ankle boots and a mid-thigh skirt that was at least a size too small. Her top was a halter top with lattice covering the chest, exposing some skin, and cropped just above her belly button. The back was nothing but crisscross straps. Her blonde hair was long and wavy, perfectly accentuating her eyes and face.
"Sorry about that. I'll let you two, um, talk." Ashley said. As she walked away, Alexis thought she saw Ashley wink at Chelsea and give her a thumbs up, but out of the corner of her eye, she couldn't be sure.
"Want to get a drink?" Chelsea asked Alexis.
"Sure, but they're only giving them to you if you flash them," Alexis said, laughing a little. She hoped Chelsea would take the bait and do it, but she didn't.
"Well I thought you could get me one," Chelsea said with a flirtatious smile.
"Sure, why not?" Said Alexis, smiling back. She looked into Chelsea's eyes as she smiled, seeing only lust and arousal on her face as the girls locked eyes. It was that special moment of intense eye contact with a cute stranger, or in this case, new acquaintance, that was unmistakable - the girls wanted each other.
Alexis turned away and untied her top again. Her tits came out and she took a drink from a nearby guy who ogled her a little too long. Turning back to Chelsea, she handed her the drink without bothering to cover up.
"You could get me one, too, it's not that hard!" Alexis said, laughing.
"Yeah, I usually don't do stuff like this, but I'll make an exception just this once," Chelsea replied. She slowly lifted her top in the general direction of a guy holding a beer, and let him take in her body as she took the drink from his hand and passed it to Alexis before lowering her top.
"Wow, that was awesome," Alexis said. "You have really nice tits."
"Thanks," said Chelsea, blushing. "Hey, want to dance?" She suggested. A new song started playing and the girls quickly downed their drinks and headed to an empty spot on the floor. They danced together, grinding their bodies, with Chelsea dancing especially provocatively. She was dancing in front of Alexis, dropping to the floor and arching her back to keep it in contact with Chelsea's body. Alexis still hadn't bothered to tie her shirt and her tits were still out. More than once, Alexis' bare nipples touched Chelsea's exposed back, turning both girls on more than the other knew.
Alexis then danced in front of Chelsea, grabbing Chelsea's hands and leading them to her own stomach, Chelsea feeling her midriff as she moved. Eventually, she worked her hands up to Alexis' breasts as the song was about to finish. As the music stopped, Chelsea gave Alexis' tits a good squeeze, and Alexis kept dancing and grinding as if the music was still playing. In an instant, Alexis turned around, smiled at Chelsea and slowly closed the gap between their bodies and faces.
As the next song started, the girls' foreheads touched, their mouths only an inch apart. Alexis put her hands at the back of Chelsea's head and closed her eyes as the girls locked lips. If Alexis wasn't sure how Chelsea would react, she soon found out, as Chelsea's tongue slipped between Alexis' lips and into her mouth.
Their tongues met. Both girls were passionately kissing each other. Their tongues met, and the close contact and passionate kissing was very arousing for both girls. Every time Chelsea's tongue flicked across her own. Alexis felt it go straight to her pussy.
"So, have you ever been with a girl before?" Chelsea asked bluntly.
"No, I haven't."
"Any chance you might want to change that?"
"Yes," Alexis said, and the girls passionately dove in for an extremely long kiss.
"Good," said Chelsea as the kiss finally ended. "I'm not dancing and making out with you to get attention - I really want you."
"Wow. I want you too," Alexis said.
"Come with me."
Chelsea led Alexis up the stairs and down the hall to one of the bedrooms. She closed and locked the door, and the girls never looked back. Quickly, their tongues were sliding past each other, over and over as they made out even more passionately than before. Alexis threw her shoulders back and tugged on her shirt, still open, until it fell to the floor, leaving her topless. The girls barely broke their kiss, Chelsea's hands met Alexis' nipples again, and the girls kissed some more.
Alexis reached out and found the hem of Chelsea's shirt and pulled up. As she pulled, she collected more and more of the shirt in her hands. Chelsea raised her arms and Alexis pulled the shirt over head, and just like that, both girls were topless.
The girls wrapped their arms around each others' bodies, each touching the back of the other girl. Their tits mashed together as the girls closed in for one more kiss. As the kiss broke, Chelsea slowly kissed her way down alexis' body - first her neck, then her chest, then her breast, and finally her stomach, where she stuck her tongue deep in Alexis' belly button while looking up into her eyes.
"Ohhhh, god yes!" Alexis moaned. She couldn't explain why, but having another girl clean out her belly button with her tongue was out of this world arousing. Even better was the slow, soft yet deliberate motions Chelsea made with her tongue inside her navel. She continued to lick and probe, circling her tongue inside the small cavity at the center of Alexis' stomach. Alexis was sensitive there, and it was surely one of her biggest exogenous zones. After only a few more seconds, she was practically panting with desire as Chelsea teased her with her tongue.
"Do you like that?" Chelsea asked playfully as she smiled and looked up at Alexis.
"Ohhhh, yes that feels amazing," Alexis whispered. Looking up, Chelsea could see that Alexis had closed her eyes and tilted her head up at the ceiling, overcome by her state of arousal. Chelsea stood up and kissed Alexis deeply again as the blonde slowly pushed her new friend backward onto the bed. Slowly, Alexis laid down on her back with Chelsea on top of her.
Alexis grabbed Chelsea's hips and pulled her close, pulling her up until their heads separated and she had easy access to Chelsea's neck. With Chelsea on top and the two topless girls feeling each others' naked flesh, Alexis began to kiss Chelsea's neck. Slowly the kiss evolved; Alexis placed her lips on Chelsea's neck and sucked in until the skin on her neck was sucked into Alexis' mouth. Alexis began to run the skin between her teeth, sucking and biting softly.
"Ohhhh, yes, that feels good," Chelsea whispered. She held Alexis' head with her right hand, and with her left, she began to caress her new friend's stomach and eventually her right breast. Alexis wrapped her arms around Chelsea, feeling every inch of her back, sensually touching at first and then squeezing and groping Chelsea's back and sides and hips and she continued to suck on her neck.
Alexis pushed Chelsea farther up, until her mouth was near the girl's breasts. Cupping Chelsea's left breast, she slowly took the nipple and placed it into her mouth, licking gently at first and then sucking until the nipple was erect.
"Mmmmm, yes, Alexis," Chelsea moaned. "That feels so good."
Alexis flipped over, moving on top of Chelsea, and gave her other breast the same treatment. She then moved lower and lower until she was licking the inside of Chelsea's belly button, just as Chelsea had done to her. In ecstasy, Chelsea arched her back and offered up her stomach to Alexis, moaning with delight as she ached for the sensation of a warm tongue drilling deep into her navel.
Alexis backed away and Chelsea seized the opportunity. She sat up and kissed Alexis passionately, tongues meeting and pressing against one another. She lowered her mouth and kissed Alexis' neck as she caressed her stomach, circling her belly button until her fingers landed on the button of Alexis' jeans.
"Unsnap me," whispered Alexis. Chelsea was a half step ahead, already undoing the button and then the zipper of the brunette freshman's jeans as she moved her mouth from Alexis' neck to her right breast. "Ohhhhh yes, I want you," Alexis continued.
Slowly, Chelsea slimmed off the bed as she lowered her mouth from Alexis' breast to her stomach, tugging on her jeans, pulling them down around her ankles as she kissed and licked and sucked on Alexis' tight belly. Alexis stepped out of her jeans as Chelsea moved her mother lower, below her navel and down to the top of her pink thong, where she paused to slide her tongue just underneath the top of the thin fabric, eliciting a sensual moan.
Standing up, Chelsea placed her left hand at Alexis ' right hip and her right hand on her stomach and slowly moved it down to her pussy, feeling Alexis' wet, waiting mound through her tiny panties. The girls locked lips again as Chelsea continued to tease Alexis' waiting pussy.
"Ohhhh, yes, Chelsea," Alexis whispered as she made clear her desire to be touched. As they kissed, Alexis moved her hands to the top of Chelsea's skirt, pulling it down over her hips, and the garment fell to the floor as Alexis glanced down at Chelsea's body. She quickly noticed that, unlike herself, Chelsea was now nude except for her boots - she hadn't been wearing any panties!
"Chelsea, you're not wearing -!"
"Nope, no panties. I was ready for this."
"Oh my god, that is so hot!"
"Not as hot as you flashing your tits to the whole party over and over," Chelsea said flirtatiously.
"I like the attention," Alexis flirted back.
"Oh I can tell! So, what else do you like?"
"Well," said Alexis in between kisses, "I like being seen and being watched. I like showing off. And I like being kissed and licked and fucked, and talking dirty."
"That's so sexy," whispered Chelsea. Her hands had made her way to the Alexis' hips, grabbing the strings of her thong and slowly sliding them down and off. "Dirty talk is so hot, isn't it?"
"Yeah, like - call me a slut and everything," Alexis blurted out, too horny to stop herself.
"So, you like being called a slut, do you?"
"Y - yes," Alexis admitted as Chelsea turned her around and pushed her into the bed so that she was lying on her back, nude except for her gladiator sandals.
"Well, you really proved it tonight, showing your body off like that. You really are a little slut," Chelsea said, smiling. She crawled on top of Alexis as she used her hands to part her legs before placing her right hand high on Alexis' left inner thigh and her lips high on her right.
"Ohhhh God yes, Chelsea, god! Ohhh this has to be the sexiest thing I have ever done, ohhhh, I want - I want you - ohhhhh, lick my slutty pussy, Chelsea!" Alexis moaned as Chelsea slowly licked from her thigh up, moving just a fraction of an inch with each lick and kiss, until finally, her tongue met the outer lips of Alexis' pussy.
Chelsea paused only for a second. "And you have to be the sluttiest thing I have ever done," she replied to Alexis' statement from a moment ago. As soon as she was finished, she spread Alexis' legs wider and pressed her tongue firmly into her pussy, roughly massaging her most sensitive area with her tongue before jamming it into her waiting hole.
"Ohhhhh, yes, Chelsea!" Alexis moaned loudly as her new friend licked the inside of her pussy. Slowly, Chelsea removed her tongue from Alexis' wet hole and licked just inside the lips of her pussy before moving to get clit. Alexis let out a muffled shriek as Chelsea landed on her clit and began sucking it as her tongue slid up and down its bottom side.
"Yes, yes, ohhhh eat my fucking pussy!" Alexis moaned excitedly. Looking up, she could see Alexis tightly gripping her breasts, one in each hand, as she tasted her dripping pussy. Over and over again she sucked Alexis' clit into her mouth, running it through her teeth and sliding her rough tongue over its surfaces before releasing it, only to start again a fraction of a second later. "Ohhhh God, God yes!" Alexis moaned again.
"You like that? You like having a girl eat your pussy?" Chelsea asked.
"Yes, ohhhh yes, keep going, I want it so bad!"
"Tell me how much you love showing off that sexy body, and I'll keep showing you how much I love the way your pussy tastes," Chelsea whispered.
"Ohhhh, Chelsea, I love showing off! I love flashing my slutty tits and dancing where lots of people can see, and just - and just - just taking off my clothes and not wanting to cover up just - just letting all those people stare at me, ohhhhh Chelsea, I love showing off, ohhhh, yes I - I love being a slut and flashing the whole party - I just - ohhhhh! I'm such s slut, Chelsea!"
Chelsea jammed her tongue into Alexis' pussy hard, tasting the juices that had built up inside her slick hole. She fucked Alexis with her tongue, getting it as far in as she could. Alexis was breathing heavily, a sure sign that was enjoying the way Chelsea was eating her pussy.
"You like that, don't you, you little exhibitionist slut?"
"Ohhhh, Chelsea, I love it! I really am a little slut! Do you like the way I showed my tits to the whole party?"
"Oh, yes, Alexis, you were so fucking sexy! I wanted to hook up as soon as I saw that top come off!"
"Well now I'm a little bisexual slut too."
"Good, are you going to cum for me?"
"Y - yes, Chelsea, make me cum!"
"I want you to cum, Alexis. Cum while I eat your pussy! Soak my face with your slutty pussy juice and let me taste it! I want it so bad!"
"Ch - ohhh, ch- Chelsea! I- I'm- ohhhhhhhh fuck, suck my clit! Ohhhhh fuck, you do that so good! I'm- I'm- GOD, CHELSEA, YEEEEEESSSS!" Alexis shouted loudly as she grabbed Chelsea's head and forced it deep between her legs as she bucked her hips, lifting her pussy directly into Chelsea's mouth. She came violently, shaking and shuddering as Chelsea licked her pussy up and down until she was covered from nose to chin in Alexis' fluids. Still shaking, Alexis pulled Chelsea up directly on top of her and have her a sloppy wet kiss, both girls tasting the juices from Chelsea's mouth and face.
Soon Alexis flipped over, turning both girls over so that she was on top of Chelsea as they kissed.
"Now it's your turn," Alexis said seductively as she slid down Chelsea's body, kissing her neck again, and her breasts, and her stomach, pausing to lick the inside of the blonde's belly button again. It drove her wild, and Alexis soon dive in for her first-ever taste of pussy.
"Ohhhh, eat my pussy, you little slut," Chelsea moaned. Alexis lightly flicked her tongue across Chelsea's pussy, slowly getting used to the taste and smell. Sure, she had tasted her own before, but this was, well, different. It had a slightly different taste and was much more arousing.
"Make me," whispered Alexis seductively as she looked up into Chelsea's eyes.
"Oh, you like being forced, do you, slut?" Chelsea said.
"I love it."
"You really are a filthy little slut, aren't you? Ohhhh, get in there," Chelsea moaned as she grabbed Alexis' hair and forced her face into her pussy. "Deeper, slut!" Chelsea demanded. "As deep as you fucking can!"
Alexis stuck her tongue out as far as she could, with Chelsea pulling her hair and forcing her face into direct contact with Chelsea's pussy. Alexis' nose was smeared with Chelsea's juices as her face was jammed as far as it could go in between Chelsea's legs. Her tongue was two, maybe three inches deep into Chelsea's pussy, and Chelsea began to buck her hips so that Alexis was tongue-fucking her pussy. Over and over again Chelsea released and tightened her grip on Alexis as she trusted her pussy into her face, riding her tongue like it was a cock.
"You like that, slut?" Chelsea asked.
"Mmmhmm," Alexis answered.
"You like it when I force you to fuck my pussy with your tongue?" Chelsea relaxed her grip long enough to allow Alexis to mutter a few words as her tongue briefly escaped from Chelsea's pussy.
"Just fucking use me," came the reply.
Quickly, Chelsea pulled Alexis into the center of the bed and flipped her over so that Alexis was on her back. Spreading her legs, Chelsea crawled on top of Alexis, placing her pussy directly over her mouth, and sat down hard on Alexis' face.
"Ohhhh, yes, you fucking slut, deeper!" Chelsea ordered. "Fuck my pussy with your tongue. Ohhhh, yes, you desperate, filthy little slut! Ohhhhh that feels - ohhhh, so - fucking - good!" Alexis raised her arms above the her head on the bed and Chelsea pinned them to the bed as she rode Alexis' face hard.
"You like being s nasty little cunt for me? You like fucking my pussy with your tongue?"
"Mmmmhmmmm."
"Ohhhhh, yes, I want to use you, baby. I want to use you hard and ride your face. You are such a little whore!"
"Pfghoflit," came the response. Chelsea didn't know what Alexis was saying. But it was hot!
"Find my clit, slut," Chelsea said. "Find my clit and I'll tell you what to do with it." Slowly Alexis pulled her tongue back and moved it near her upper lip, and soon she knew she had hit the jackpot.
"Ooooohhhhh, yes, tease my clit! Ohhhh, you are such s sexy little slut! Oh! Ohhhh! Yes!" Alexis continued to lick Chelsea's clit as her new friend eased up on her rhythm a little.
"I'll let you in on a little secret," Chelsea said. "The way to make me cum hardest - bite my clit. Hard. It hurts but it feels soooo good! I'm going to lift myself up a little and you just grab ahold and don't let go until I say so, okay?"
"Mmmhmmm," Alexis said in agreement. Chelsea did as she said she would, and Alexis moved her mouth slightly until Chelsea's clit was directly between her lips, stuck her teeth forward, and clamped down.
"Owwww! Yes! Fuck!" Chelsea screamed with both pain and delight. She instinctively tried to back away from Alexis' face, but with her sensitive clit caught between Alexis' teeth, she was going nowhere.
"Ohhhh, owwww, yes, Alexis! Oh! God!" Each time Chelsea moved, the sensations came rushing back. Chelsea arched her back, bit her lip and closed her eyes as she screamed.
"Ohhhh, fuck! Yes! Oh! Alexis!" She screamed. "Fucking bite me harderrrrr!" Alexis did as she was told. Looking at Chelsea, her face was contorted and her eyes might have even started to tear up a little.
"Oh! Fuck! Fuck that hurts! Fuck you, Alexis! Fuck me! Ohhhhh, fuck me! Fuck me you little desperate dirty cunt! Ohhhhh!" Chelsea was rocking back quickly on Alexis' face, enjoying every movement in her most sensitive of places.
Suddenly, Chelsea leaned forward and put all her weight back on Alexis' face as she pounded her fist into the bed. "Ohhhh, I'm cumming, fuck! Yes!" She screamed. Shaking violently, all over her body, Chelsea collapsed on the bed, the bulk of her weight being aupported by the bed but some resting on Alexis' forehead.
"You can let go now," Chelsea said. Alexis took what seemed like forever to release Chelsea's clit from her grasp, but soon a small gap appeared between Alexis' mouth and Chelsea's pussy. "Ohhhh, that was fucking amazing," she said. Alexis continued to gently lick Chelsea's pussy with her tongue as Chelsea remained aroused but, for the moment, paralyzed by her orgasm and unable to do anything about it.
"How was your first taste of pussy?" Chelsea asked.
"It was - it was awesome!" Alexis replied. "I could do that all the time - especially with a hot girl like you. And you came do hard!"
"Well, having a sexy little slut like you bite my clit will make that happen." Chelsea slid her body past Alexis until their faces were near one another again. Slowly, she went in for a kiss. She kissed Alexis passionately, wanting to repay her for the amazing orgasm she had just had. The kissing was intense, ans Chelsea's tongue seemed to find all the right places inside Alexis' mouth.
"Tell me a secret," whispered Chelsea as the kiss finally ended.
"What?" Alexis said, confused.
"I told you one, about biting my clit. Now you tell me one."
"Ok, well - I, oh, I know. Chelsea - I love it up the ass."
"Ohhhhh, a little anal slut? Backdoor whore?
"Yeah, I mean, I really am a slut for anal."
"But you've never done it with a girl, have you?"
"No."
Chelsea kissed Alexis again before grabbing her and rolling her over. "Get that ass in the air," she said. Alexis rocked her ass back on the bed, her ass sticking up in the air as her head, hands and elbows remained on the bed. It was a very submissive position, and Alexis began to wonder what Chelsea was going to do to her.
She didn't have to wait for long. Chelsea, not having any lube, leaned her face in and spit a large wad of saliva directly between alexis' cheeks. Taking her index finger, Chelsea massaged her spit into Alexis' asshole, preparing it for insertion. Slowly, she slipped one finger into Alexis' asshole.
"Ohhhh, Chelsea, yes, fuck my ass," Alexis moaned.
"You look it when I finger your ass, slut?" Chelsea asked.
"Oh, Chelsea, yes! Please give me more!" Chelsea quickly slipped a second finger into Alexis' hole, pushing both as deep as they could go. She moved her fingers in and out of Alexis' ass, watching her sphincter constrict around her fingers and then loosen to accept the light pounding her asshole was taking.
"More, Chelsea! Ohhhh I fucking love it up the ass," Alexis moaned.
"I can tell," said Chelsea. The way Alexis was rocking her body back and forth in rhythm with Chelsea's fucking motions was a sure sign she was liking it. "You are a filthy anal slut," aren't you?" Chelsea asked.
"Im a filthy, nasty, dirty anal slut," Alexis moaned. "Please, ohhhh, please, more!" Chelsea quickly slipped a third finger into Alexis' ass.
"Take it, you dirty little butt slut," Chelsea said. She started fingering Alexis' ass harder, pulling her three fingers almost all the way out and then forcing them into her new friend's ass as far as she could go.
"Ohhhhh, God, yes, Chel-sea!" Alexis screamed in pleasure. "Yes! Use my ass! Use me like the slut I am!" Alexis was rocking her ass toward Chelsea to meet her thrusting fingers, and her whole body tensed up each time Chelsea thrust her fingers deep into her ass. She even clenched her fists, only to relax them a moment later and then clench them again as Chelsea rammed her ass hard.
Without asking or telling, Chelsea quickly slipped a fourth finger into Alexis' ass, causing her to shriek in delight.
"Mmmm, oooooh! Is that four, Chelsea?" Alexis asked.
"That's four in your ass, slut. How does that feel?"
"Ohhhh, so - so g - so good, Ch - Chelsea, ohhh, stretch my ass!"
"Do you - do you want more?" Chelsea asked.
"Yes, give me more, ohhhhh, please, I want more!" Chelsea knew there were two ways she could do this - she could fist Alexis' ass, or use fingers from her other hand. Chelsea wondered for a moment which one she should try, and then decided on the option she thought Alexis would be more likely to be able to handle.
"Want me to use both hands, slut?" Chelsea asked.
"Ohhhh, yes, use all your fingers on my ass, Chelsea! I want you to stretch me wide open and fuck me deep!"
"Well if you want it deep, I'm going to have to fist you."
"Ohhhh, yes, Chelsea - I thought you'd never - "
"I didn't know you wanted me to," Chelsea said in a sexy tone.
"I want you to, I want it so bad, Chelsea, please fist my ass!"
"You really are a dirty anal whore, aren't you?"
"I'm such an anal whore and I've wanted to take a hot girl's fist up my ass for so long, Chelsea."
"Okay, well just relax and let me slide by hand in there." Alexis relaxed as much as she could, as tense and adrenaline-filled as she was. Slowly, Chelsea balled her fist up tight and pressed it at the opening of Alexis' ass.
"Ohhhh, force it in, Chelsea! Yes, fist my slutty ass!" Alexis moaned. Slowly, Chelsea pressed harder, her knuckles sliding past Alexis' sphincter, but it wasn't opening wide enough to allow the blonde to get her whole fist inside.
"Relax, Alexis, or I'll never get it in, and you do want it in, don't you?"
"Ohhhh, yes, Chelsea!"
"Okay, on the count of three, you relax and I'll try to get my fist in your ass before your body realizes what's happening, okay?
"Okay."
"One, two, three!" Alexis relaxed and Chelsea pushed her fist toward Alexis' hole. Her asshole never knew what hit it, and Chelsea's fist was inside before Alexis could instinctively tense up. Chelsea's whole hand was now inside Alexis' asshole up to the wrist.
"Oh, God, fuck, yes! Fist me, Chelsea! Fist my loose slutty ass!" Alexis shouted. She had never felt anything like that before - a whole hand inside of her asshole! It hurt as her ass stretched to accept Chelsea's fist, but it felt amazing and she felt deliciously slutty, not only for doing it, but for enjoying it as well.
Slowly, Chelsea pulled her hand partway out, stretching Alexis wider as her hand, wider than her wrist, forced Alexis open. In an instant, she slammed her fist back into Alexis' asshole, her wrist disappearing as Alexis rocked back to accept the brutal fisting. She was really loving every motion, every time Chelsea stretched her ass wide and then slammed her fist deep inside brought a new wave of pleasure.
"Tell me what a slut you are, Alexis! Tell me while I drill your ass!"
"Ohhhh, Chelsea! I'm such a slut for flashing my tits to a whole party over and over, and dancing, oohhhhh! Dancing top- topless! God! Fuck! Yes! And hooking up with a hot girl and eating pussy and - ohhhh Chelsea! I'm such a slut for - for eating your pussy and making you cum and - and - ohhhh! I'm such a piece of shit anal whore for taking - God! Taking a whole - ohhhh! A whole fist in my whore ass!"
"Good slut," Chelsea moaned. Want me to lick your pussy while I fist your ass, slut?"
"Oh, God yes, Chelsea! Eat me!"
"Want me to bite your clit and show you how amazing that feels?" Chelsea asked. She turned around, turning her hand inside Alexis' ass, and slid her head underneath Alexis' pussy.
"Bite my clit, fist my ass, just use me!"
Chelsea slowly began to lick Alexis' pussy as she continued to stretch and ram her ass with her fist. She could sense the level of arousal Alexis was feeling, in her body language and in her words. Alexis' upper body, her hands, elbows, gave and shoulders were completely collapsed and mashed into the bed. Her ass was in the air, her knees on the bed, and her feet underneath her ass, propping it up just enough for Chelsea to slide underneath and lick her pussy.
"Oh! Yes! Chelsea! Destroy my ass! Gape me! Fuck me! Use me! Stretch! Me! This is - this is so fucking hot! I'm a nasty anal slut! FUCK MY ASS!" Alexis moaned and then shouted as Chelsea found her clit and clamped down softly with her teeth, and Alexis knew she was moments from cumming. Alexis rocked back to accept Chelsea's fist deep inside her ass, and Chelsea bit into her clit softly again.
"Oh, fist me! Fist me I'm a dirty slut, fist me! Stretch my slutty aaaaaasssss! Oh god! Oh yes! Chels-! Chels-! Chelsea fist me!" Alexis was very vocal and loud as the first wave of her orgasm rippled through her body.
"Ohhhhh, fist me, I'm cumming! Fist me, I'm cumming! Fist my ass, I'm cummmmminggggg!" Alexis screamed. "Keep going, Chelsea! Fist my nasty slutty ass! Ohhhhh as deep as you can! Deeper! Ohhh yes! Yes! Yes! I'm going to cum again!" Chelsea did as Alexis begged her to do, and soon half of Chelsea's forearm was buried in Alexis' ass.
"Ohhhh, all the way in, Chelsea! All the way in! Oh, I'm a nasty anal slut! Fist my slutty ass! Stretch me wide open! Use me! Ohhh, FUCK!" Alexis screamed as she came for the second time in less than a minute. Chelsea slowly slid her head out from beneath her, and Alexis slowly leaned forward as Chelsea pulled her hand away until finally her hand escaped Alexis' ass, leaving her asshole gaping wide open.
Both girls took a moment to calm down and catch their breath, and then Chelsea began to speak.
"Wow. Alexis, you really took it up the ass! You must really love that."
"Yeah, it really turns me on," she said.
"I - I'll be right back," Chelsea said. "I'm just going to wash my hand if you don't mind."
"The one that was in my ass?"
"Yeah. I'm sorry, Alexis. I just -"
"Wait."
"What?" Said Chelsea.
Alexis got up walked over to where her naked friend was standing beside the bed. She looked into her eyes.
"I want to taste," said Alexis. Slowly she lifted Chelsea's hand to her face and began licking Chelsea's fingers one at a time while Chelsea watched, shocked and amazed.
"I like to taste my own ass," Alexis said, looking at the floor. She was a little humiliated, and she wasn't sure how Chelsea would respond. Finished with the fingers, Alexis began licking Chelsea's Palm, wrist, and the back of her hand.
"Does that turn you on?" Chelsea asked.
"Yes, I - It turns me on, Chelsea. It's nasty but I love it so much."
"Have you ever tasted someone else's?"
"No."
"Would you want to?"
"Maybe," Alexis said. She sort of liked the idea, and found it humiliating and very arousing, but also very nasty and gross. "Like, if it was on my fingers or something."
"That's not what I meant."
"Well what did you mean?"
"Come over here," Chelsea said. She sat on the bed, lifted harlegs high and spread them as she laid on her back. "I mean your tongue in my ass, between my cheeks, maybe even up my hole. You like tasting ass so much, prove it. After everything we've done tonight, you wouldn't at least try it? After everything I've done for you?"
"Well, you did give me, like, the best orgasm of my life," Alexis said.
"Then put your tongue in there. You owe me," Chelsea said with a seductive grin. Slowly, Alexis began to lean her head in toward Chelsea's ass. Her heart began pounding, knowing she was seriously about to press her mouth against another girl's shit hole. Alexis felt so disgusting as she slowly got closer and closer, knowing she was about to lick the nastiest part of Chelsea's body - the hole she used to defecate.
The thought of how disgusting it was only turned Alexis on more, though, hastening her approach to Chelsea's butt. It was one thing to taste her own ass by licking an object that had been inside of her, but Alexis was about to bypass the middleman and lick another girl's asshole! She couldn't believe what she was about to do. Slowly, Alexis' face approached and she stuck out her tongue, and finally, her tongue reached Chelsea's sensitive hole.
The taste was, well, different. It wasn't all ass and shit like she half expected. There was sweat, which was a little unpleasant but not completely disgusting, and there was even a slight taste of pussy; Alexis tried to understand why. Maybe it ran down Ito her ass when she came, thought Alexis. Or maybe the two being somewhat close, it was perfectly normal. Finally, there was the slight taste and odor of excrement, but of course, Chelsea's tasted different from her own.
Alexis wasn't sure what was more disgusting - sucking a toy or finger or fist that came out of her own ass, or getting her tongue into another girl's crack, threatening to slip it past the sphincter.
But as nasty as she felt doing it, she had to admit it was really turning her on.
"Lick my ass, you little slut, oh! Alexis!" Chelsea moaned. "Finger my pussy while you lick my asshole!" Alexis obeyed, sliding two fingers into the blonde's pussy while she licked her asshole.
"Your ass tastes amazing, Chelsea!" Alexis said, pulling away only long enough to tell her so before pressing her tongue against Chelsea's hole once again.
"What does it taste like, Alexis?"
"Nasty. Like ass," Alexis said before ramming her tongue passionately in between Chelsea's cheeks, displaying her love for the nastiness.
"And you like that?" Chelsea asked.
"It's nasty. But I love it," Alexis said just before ramming her tongue into Chelsea's hole. Driven by a desire to be a nasty slut, turned on by what she was doing, Alexis forced her tongue hard into Chelsea's ass, sliding it past Chelsea's sphincter and inside her hole.
The sensation of having a hot girl force her tongue inside her ass drove Chelsea wild. The warm, slippery tongue slid inside her ass and gave her immense pleasure as Alexis slid a third finger inside her pussy. Slowly, Chelsea slipped off to a land of fantasy as she wondered what other nasty stuff Alexis might enjoy.
"Oh! Alexis! Tongue fuck my ass you slut!" Chelsea said. In her mind, Chelsea began to fantasize about Alexis being into other really nasty, kinky things. I Chelsea's fantasies, Alexis was kneeling, licking her feet, wanting to humiliate herself for Chelsea. Alexis begged for it before taking all of Chelsea's toes inside her mouth. Then Chelsea's mind cut to the next scene, where she was doing it in front of a dozen or so people.
Next Chelsea imagined a row of guys and girls lined up, Alexis licking their feet and assholes one by one, becoming more turned on with each foot and ass that went into her mouth. Finally, a guy started to piss on Alexis as she ate Chelsea's ass, and Chelsea soon moved under the stream as well, both girls allowing themselves to be used and humiliated.
"Oh! Alexis! Yes! I'm a slut, Alexis! Let's be sluts together! We'll fuck everybody and suck everybody and flash everybody and lick all kinds of ass and do all kinds of nasty kinky shit! Oh! Lexi! Lick my ass! Lick it, sexy Lexi! Slutty Lexi!" Nobody had ever called her Lexi before, but soon, sexy Lexi would become a nickname she'd never shake.
"Ohhhh, Alexis, lick my ass you slut, I'm cumming! Oh! God! Taste me, I'm cumming! Ohhhhh!" Chelsea rocked back and forth as she came harder than ever, and Alexis continued to tongue her ass until the shaking had subsided. Both girls collapsed on the bed, motionless, not really sure what to say to the other.
"Well, did you have fun? Did you enjoy your first time with a girl?" Chelsea broke the silence at last.
"Yeah, definitely," said Alexis. "I'm definitely bisexual after tonight."
"Good. That makes two of us. And trust me, there are a lot more girls on campus that are willing to try it than you think, so if you see a cute girl around, you never know what can happen."
"Really? How many girls have you -?"
"Ten or so. I mean, I'm not as much of a slut as your sister, but I like to have fun, you know?"
"Yeah. So she's really that much of a slut?"
"You didn't know? Ashley pretty much fucks everybody. I've known her for a couple years and it seems like she gets laid constantly. How did you not know that?"
"She never really told me, I guess. I only knew what I saw. How many people has she slept with?"
"Who knows. I doubt she even knows. It's definitely in the hundreds, probably three hundred or so counting guys and girls," Chelsea said, giggling.
"Wow. What a slut!" Alexis giggled back as she thought about her sister having sex with all those people.
"Yeah. She's the school slut for sure," said Chelsea. "I bet she's somewhere around here getting drilled as we speak."
"Want to go find out?" Said Alexis.
"Sure." The girls got dressed, or at least, they put their revealing clothes back on and headed downstairs. Ashley was probably more surprised than she should have been to see Ashley, naked, sucking off a guy that was sitting on the couch, his pants undone and pulled down just far enough to give her access to his cock. Probably twenty people looked on as Ashley took his entire cock into her mouth from a position on her knees, in between his legs.
"Please, give me your cum," she begged. "I want it - I need it - I'm such a cum slut!" Ashley continued.
"Ohhhh, yes! Where do you want it, slut?"
"Cum in my mouth. Cum in my mouth, I want to swallow every drop." The guy grabbed Ashley's head and forced her as he rammed his cock into her throat, and Ashley made no effort to resist, taking his dick in her mouth like a pro. In front of the audience, the guy shot a thick load into Ashley's mouth, which she proudly displayed to the onlookers before swallowing it down as they cheered her on.
"Alexis!" Ashley said after she had swallowed, noticing her sister among the onlookers. "I- I thought you left."
"What, was I not supposed to see that or something?" Alexis teased.
"I- I just, well, not until I thought you were ready, I guess," Ashley said, gigging nervously.
"I'm ready, Ashley," she replied.
"Oh?! What did Chelsea do to you?" She asked, smiling devilishly.
"I'll tell you about it on the way back."
"Ok, I want to hear, so let me get dressed and we'll go."
"Okay, let me say goodbye," Alexis said. Turning to Chelsea, she opened her mouth and the girls shared one last long, passionate kiss as they now had the attention of the room.
"Here," Chelsea said, taking Alexis' phone and typing for a few seconds. "Now you have my number. If you want to, you know, see me again - text me."
Alexis took the phone and typed out a message. "I want your sexy ass," she wrote, and quickly sent it.
"Now you have mine. Text me too." She said. One more long kiss and the girls said goodnight, and Ashley, as dressed as she ever was, stepped out into the night with her sister.
"So, what did you get into with Chelsea?" Ashley asked.
"Well, we, ummmm - "
"Hooked up?"
"Yeah."
"And?"
"And it was amazing."
"Look at you, you little bisexual slut," Ashley said, teasing gently. "Did you taste her pussy?"
"Yeah, I tasted her pussy and bit her clit and she um, well, I don't know how else to say this - she fisted my ass."
"And?"
"I had the best orgasm of my life. And then I licked her hand."
"You really like tasting ass, don't you?"
"Well I don't like the taste, but, you know - it's a major turn on!" Alexis said.
"Yeah, I know what you mean," Ashley replied.
"She told me something - something about you, too."
"Oh? What did she say?"
"She said you were the school slut and you've slept with - well she was guessing but - she said you've slept with, like, three hundred people."
"And what did you think of that?"
"Well, to be honest, I kinda wondered if it was even true, but then k came down and saw you sucking that guy off and - "
"And? And now you believe it?"
"Sort of, I don't know. It's still a lot of people." Alexis didn't want to admit that she believed every word. She didn't want to offend Ashley, not yet understanding that for Ashley, being known as the easiest girl on campus was a turn on rather than an offense.
"Yeah, three hundred is a lot, I guess, when you think about them all at once."
"Ashley?"
"What?"
"Are you - have you slept with that many people? Are you really the school slut?"
"Yeah. And yeah. I mean, I don't know the exact number but it's somewhere up there. And I can't remember the last time I, like, went three days without getting laid, usually by someone new."
"Wow," said Alexis.
"So are you totally disgusted by me now?"
"Actually no. After what I've seen I - like, it - it actually - I like the idea. I want to be the school slut too."
"I thought I'd never hear you say that," said Ashley. "You really are ready! Well, if you want, you can learn from the best. We can be the biggest sluts on campus together. We will never turn down anyone that wants us. We'll have so much fun!"
"Let's do it," Alexis said. Aroused, she untied her top again and let her tits hang out as the girls walked the street to Ashley's apartment.
"Okay, just two things," said Ashley.
"What?"
"First, for the next year and a half, I'm the biggest slut on campus. Don't ever think you can out-slit your big sister. And second, you'll need to revamp your wardrobe. You've made a good start, but if you want to be the protege to the biggest slut around, you'll need to toss anything that doesn't show your stomach, tits, ass, legs, or back. Get rid of it. You don't need it. Replace it with something more revealing."
"Sounds good, but - where am I supposed to get money for that?"
"You have some Christmas money still, right? And it will take time. Work a summer job and spend every penny on something slutty. But by the time you come back to school in the fall, you need to be done."
"This is going to be so much fun," said Alexis, smiling wide.
The girls made their way into Ashley's apartment, where Ashley went to sleep in her bed, naked as usual, and Alexis crashed on the couch. Soon, she thought, she would have the reputation she craved.