What a mess I am, I thought, as I stroked myself in the bar restroom, thinking about my employee's cock, that huge black fucker that I'd just sucked; the one that would be pumping a load into my wife within the hour. He only let me suck on it because I begged him to show me what he'd be fucking my wife with. He lifted that huge dick to my mouth, telling me if I wanted to see it like my wife was going to see it; I'd have to give him some help. It was awesome. I didn't want to quit once I'd gotten it into my mouth; and I'm not gay. I hadn't sucked since experimenting with little boyhood friends; but I loved the feel and taste of his bulbous, mouth-filling glans. I sucked him like I'd do my own if I could get to it. I wanted his nut, but he pushed my head off, telling me he'd saved his load all week to fill my wife's belly. As he stepped out of the stall, I begged him not to tell my wife I'd sucked him. I didn't want her to think of me as a cocksucker...now or ever. Still, the excitement of it had me pumping one of the biggest loads of my life right into the toilet.
After relieving my sexual tension, I rushed out of the stall hoping to catch Jack before he left the bar. I needed to stop the inevitable; but it was too late. I sat at the bar for another drink while contemplating my options. My wife was babysitting for Jack, and in just minutes, she'd be greeting him at the door. I'd done my best to convince her to spread her legs for him and now feared I'd succeeded. If so, other than my six-inch dick, she'd be taking the first cock of her life. I was excited and happy for her, but having serious doubts about what it might do to our relationship. What if she found his cock as irresistible; like I, a straight man, just did? Would she need it more than mine; I worried. I convinced myself that our marriage was sound. This would just be a fling for her; one that could bring new thrills to our sex life.
My heart sank when I turned the corner to our home and saw Lynda's car was not in the drive. I went in to assure the kids all was fine. Our son, sixteen-year-old Carl, was spending the night with friends so only the twin girls, Jane and Heather, seventeen, were home. I explained that Mom was babysitting for Jack and would probably be home late. They went off to their rooms to do whatever teenage girls do, leaving me to do my own thing. I stripped off my clothes, as is usual for everyone in the family when we have no guests, and went to the bedroom.
I looked at our bed, imagining my wife as she lay on Jack's bed at that very moment. I turned on the computer and surfed to interracial sex, finding the hottest vids of little white cunts stretched on big black cocks. I stoked out another load, imagining I was watching Lynda. No doubt she was doing the same thing at that very moment. I couldn't tear myself away from it until I'd milked out the third, feeble, load some thirty minutes later. I checked at the window to see if she'd just pulled into the drive, but of course that was not the case. I spent the next hour pacing the floor, checking at the window, and then finally, I lay on the bed, slow stroking my raw cock while envisioning my dear wife performing for Jack. Seconds lasted minutes, and minutes; hours. I thought about calling but knew better; after all, this was an arrangement of my own making.
I finally drifted off and awoke with Lynda straddling my face as the sun was breaking the horizon, dimly lighting the room. She grabbed the headboard for balance as she worked her freshly fucked pussy on my mouth. Her clit bumped my nose repeatedly as she used it and my probing tongue to get off. I swallowed as much cum as I could suck from her pussy, but the flow still covered my face. She was loaded.
"Oh shit! I'm cuming again! Fuck! Eat it, Ed, suck all that cum out of me! Uhhh, Uhhh," she grunted as she grabbed my head with both hands and ground her open pussy against my mouth. "Oh fuck, I've never had so many orgasms in my life," she confessed as she caught her breath. She let me lick her out a little more before moving off to my side. I rolled over on top of her, ready for my long-awaited sloppy seconds when she stopped me.
"Please, Ed, not now. I'm so sore. I wanted to just climb into bed and go to sleep when I got home, but Jack made me promise to feed you his load," she told me, "He said you needed to know what a slut I am. He made me promise to say that; that I'm a slut; his slut," she admitted.
"Oh, Ed, Jack worked my pussy so hard. I never thought I'd be stretched and filled like that. His cock is huge; and he pushed the whole thing into me; all the way to his balls! He pumped his load into me five or six times and in positions I'd never imagined. He made me promise to tell you that he even stuffed his hand into me; the whole thing, all the way to his wrist! Oh fuck, Ed, it was wonderful. Thank you so much you sweet man for letting me do that," she said before driving a stake into my heart, "I can't believe I wasted my whole life, not knowing what that's like. You've done your best, but it's just not possible for you to fuck and use me the way he did!"
In spite of the hurtful denigration, I was still totally horned up, nearly cuming without yet touching my dick. I sat between her wide-spread legs examining her. Her clit was engorged and stuck out like a hard, little cock. Below it, her lips were swollen, red and spread apart, revealing a gaping hole, still oozing more thick, white juice.
"Just lay here with me, Ed, and I'll tell you about it. You can stroke your cock while I give you the details," she told me. I reluctantly moved up next to her and held her as she began, "I wore that little red thong you got for me, no bra and that obscenely short jean skirt. He gave me the once over when I arrived and told me I looked hot. When his girls weren't looking, he slapped my ass and gave me a tentative kiss on the lips. The babysitting part of the night went as usual. The girls were perfect. I put them to bed at nine, as planned. The whole time I was there, all I could think about is what would happen when Jack returned. My pussy was so wet and ready; but I resolved to resist my urges. I decided I would leave as soon as he got home."
"Obviously, that didn't happen," I said.
"No. When he got there, I adamantly told him I was leaving. He just looked at me and smiled. He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me against himself. I tried to push away, but in an instant, he had his hand under my skirt, cupping my bare ass. He leaned forward so he could cup both ass cheeks in his hands, then he lifted me off the floor. I grabbed his neck to keep from falling back and instinctively wrapped my legs around him. I felt his cock through our clothing, pressed against my pussy, and there was no hope of resisting him further. He carried me to his bedroom like that, kissing me on the way. Oh, Ed, what a kiss! Those full lips of his covered my entire mouth as our tongues intertwined. I sucked those lips into my mouth too. So fucking hot, Ed! He laid me on the bed and in no time, I was completely nude. I lifted my hips to help him pull off my little skirt and thong together. He unbuttoned my blouse and pulled it off. That was it; that's all I was wearing."
"Did he take off his own clothes or make you do it?" I wanted to know as I tentatively touched my cock, afraid I'd cum in three strokes or less if I grabbed it in earnest.
"He took off his shirt, shoes and socks; then told me I'd have to help with the pants if I wanted to see what's in them. I sat on the edge of the bed and quickly worked at releasing his cock. I let his pants fall to the floor. His cock was straining to get out of his tight, bikini underwear. It was all boned up and laying to the side, almost touching his hip. I grabbed the waistband and lifted it over the bulge. His erection popped out at me, hitting me right in the face. I quickly pushed his undies down so he could step out of them, then immediately grabbed that absolutely gorgeous, huge cock. Oh my god, Ed, Oh my god! What a fucking huge cock! It's all veined, and really black; even darker than the rest of his body. I wrapped both hands around it and slid the skin up and down. He's uncircumcised, and I got to see the foreskin slide up over that big, purple knob and back off, over and over. He started dripping precum and I couldn't resist. I took the head right into my mouth. It completely filled it," she told me, not realizing I knew that from personal experience. She then added, "You know how I can take your whole dick right into my throat; right? But with his, I was lucky to just fit the head in. I'm talking huge!"
I had to jerk myself as my wife detailed how she sucked another man's cock for the first time in her life, a huge black cock! I exploded almost immediately, splashing cum all the way up to my face and completely glazing my torso.
Lynda watched me spurting, but just continued her story, "It's time," Jack told me, "I've been saving myself all week for this moment. Lay back and spread 'em wide. I'm going to fuck you like you've never been fucked before, he told me. He didn't even explore my pussy with his fingers; he just crawled up between my legs, lifted them to his shoulders and held them there with an arm on each side. I was like his captive. His big cock head found my pussy on its own. He looked into my eyes and slowly pushed his hips forward. I was so wet and ready. I felt my lips spread apart over the blunt end of that bulbous cock head. I thought he was just about in, then he pushed harder. 'Oh fuck!', I screamed. He knew he was stretching me like never before. He just smiled and kept pushing. My hole finally gave way and that big fucker popped inside. It was so good, Ed!"
"Ohhhh, fuck, that's so hot, Baby!" I admitted, letting her know how much I loved her fucking that man. I wanted to hear more; how else did he fuck her; did he lick her pussy; did she suck him off; did she discover anything new, like licking his ass hole; did she maybe finger his ass, or did he do her's while fucking her; did they use any toys; did he try to fuck her ass; did they talk about doing a three-way with me, or maybe doing a gang-bang with his friends? I needed to know everything. As I rubbed my load into my chest and belly, my well fucked, exhausted wife drifted off to sleep. It had been a long, hard night of non-stop fucking for her; and it was nearly seven o'clock in the morning. I turned off the nightstand light, now diminished by the rising sun, and closed my eyes. Thoughts of that sexy little girl next to me fucking a big black stud and taking his fist to please me; at least initially, played over and over in my mind.
I woke at ten, thankful it was Saturday. I went to the kitchen to make breakfast; my wife's favorite omelet: bacon, green pepper, mushroom and cheese. In our twenty-years of marriage, I'd never done that; but after last night, she deserved it; and so much more. I'd never be able to do enough for her. When the coffee and toast were done, I fixed a tray and brought it to her in bed. Needless to say, she was impressed.
She awoke with a smile, "You sweet man," she commended, "I'll have to make this up to you. You are so wonderful. Look at this nice breakfast!" she exclaimed as she sipped her coffee laced with brown sugar and a splash of Irish whisky, "But even better, you gave me the best gift of my life. I can't thank you enough for sharing me with Jack. It's impossible to tell you how much that means to me. I didn't know sex could be so incredible."
"It makes me happy too," I admitted, "I've always fantasized about you taking another man, a big man; and when Jack offered, I thought maybe it might work. I'm so happy it did and that you're OK with it."
"Okay?!!!" she exclaimed, "I'm absolutely, fucking thrilled! I'd have never known how awesome it is to be fucked like that if you didn't arrange it."
"Well," I replied dejectedly, "What's that say about our sex life?" almost afraid to hear the reply.
"I'm sorry, honey," she started.
My heart sank in anticipation of even further rejection.
She finally gathered her thoughts and continued, "Remember seeing your first, hometown, ten-minute fireworks show as a kid? You just knew it was the most spectacular sight of all time. There could never be anything more beautiful. Then, later, you saw the nearly hour-long fireworks extravaganza at Epcot, all choreographed to music that you could actually feel as well as hear, laser lights, torches that radiated heat and light at the exact right moment, erupting fountains and so much more; and you wondered why in the world you were so impressed with the little hometown fireworks display? It's kind of like that. Sex with you is great. I love your little dick. We've had lots of fun, and I've never complained; right? And you did give us three beautiful kids with it."
"But fucking Jack is kind of like the fireworks analogy,"she explained, "He's bigger; way bigger! He lasts longer, goes deeper, stretches me tighter, completely fills my belly, and pumps a much bigger load. Not only does he stretch my pussy with his cock, he also magically stuffs his fist into it without hurting me. Talk about a thoroughly stretched, totally fucked pussy! And all the time, while doing it, he overpowers me with his big, muscular body and thrills me with those huge, hot, wet lips. He is a great kisser, but I told you that before; right?"
"It's still fun to watch the little fireworks show," she concluded, "but it's the absolute, ultimate thrill to experience Epcot. If it's any consolation, I like sucking on you more than sucking his monster. Yours goes right down my throat and when you cum, I can swallow it with no problem. When I suck Jack, I struggle just to fit that massive head in my mouth; and when he cums, it's such a torrent I can't swallow fast enough. It gags me and I end up shooting cum out of my nose. He thinks it's cute; but I don't. What would be really fun is getting on my knees to give Jack my pussy while I suck your cock. Can we do that sometime?" she asked.
She knew the answer without my reply. Her explanation left me wishing I'd been blessed with Jack's endowment, but still excited and thrilled that while she was happy with her new discovery, she still liked my cock, at least to suck on.
She finished her breakfast and told me, "We need a new dildo, Ed. Take me wherever you get something like that. I want to pick out a bigger one; one like Jack's cock."
I took her tray to the kitchen, cleaned up and did the dishes; another first for me, while she took a shower and dressed. She came down the stairs dressed like a street walker, but I wasn't about to complain. I was just grateful the kids were already out for the day so they didn't see her. I'd been trying for years to get her to loosen up and show more of her sexy charms, and wasn't about to complain.
We pulled into the adult bookstore and theater, a first for Lynda. The parking lot was surprisingly full and when we walked in, she immediately caught the attention of several guys shopping the vid's and adult toys in the front of the store. Lynda was excited to see the never-before imagined variety of erotic items on display. After a quick check of the store, she gravitated to the dildos, taking special interest in the large black ones. She checked their every attribute; texture, firmness, length, girth and color. At least five guys crowded around us as she made her selection, a ten-inch, realistic black cock. "I need this one," she whispered to me, handing me a huge silicone cock that resembled Jack's.
"Great choice, little lady," the only black man in the group surrounding us said, "Are you two married?"
"Yes, we are," Lynda told him as she hugged me, "and very much in love."
"I really like cuckold couples," he responded, totally ignoring me as he spoke directly to my wife, "are you interested in having the real thing? I'm experienced in these matters and know how to keep your cuck in his place while I service you."
I wanted to interject; I was not a cuckold, but waited for my wife's response while repositioning my rapidly growing cock, trying to ease the tension imposed by my restrictive underwear. Lynda flushed with embarrassment as this obscene proposition was made in front of several onlookers. She realized that dressed as she was, and in a place like this, she should expect to be treated like a whore instead of a lady; but she wasn't accustomed to it. "Thank you, but we really have to leave now," she stammered.
"Are you sure? Your cuckold hubby is ready to share you; just look at him playing with his hard, little dick," he responded, referring to my ongoing struggle to reposition my confined erection.
"Perhaps another time," Lynda told him as we walked away.
"I'm here most afternoons, after two. If you don't see me, just ask the clerk if she's seen Tyrone," he told her with a big smile.
As we walked to the front of the store to pay for Lynda's selection, I quietly asked her, "Were you really considering doing him? You know not all black dudes have a cock like Jack's."
"Of course not," she indignantly replied with less than full sincerity.
The young girl behind the counter asked if we found everything we were looking for. I just gave her a nod, not wanting to extend our conversation of intimate, private matters. She recognized my discomfort and tried to put me at ease, making obscenely personal comments as if discussing the time of day. "Do you have any questions about your purchase? With such a large dildo, you'll need some lube. You'll need water-based lube for this one. I recommend this," she said, reaching into the glass display for a rather large bottle.
"Thanks," I replied, "we'll take that too."
"Is this for you; sweetie?" she bluntly asked Lynda.
My poor wife just turned red and stood there, humiliated.
"We have special offers for the ladies," the clerk said, changing the subject, "The back rooms are always free to the ladies. There's peep show booths; two theaters, one straight and the other gay; and private rooms. Ladies receive a free pass to all of those if you're interested."
"I know about peeps and the theater," I told her, hoping my wife wouldn't ask how I knew, "but tell us about the private rooms."
"They're for whatever you want. We charge twenty dollars an hour for using them. That includes clean linens for the cot. The room is yours for whatever you want to do. You invite whomever you want to join you, or just like the peeps, you can leave the door ajar as an open invite."
"Maybe another time," Lynda replied, anxious for me to make the purchase and get out of there.
On the way home, Lynda unwrapped our new toy for a closer inspection. "This is going to be fun," she said, "It's just like Jack's! Look how big this is!" she said with excitement, "Did you ever think something like this would fit completely inside my pussy? I can't wait to try it!"
"So don't," I encouraged her, "Go ahead and get on it. Remember when we were young? You climbed onto my lap and fucked my brains out as we drove down the highway at seventy miles an hour, with the top down. I Had to struggle to get a glimpse of the road to keep us from crashing."
She reached under her little skirt with both hands and pulled her thong off, leaving the skirt bunched up around her waist, then laid back against the door with a foot positioned against my seatback. She planted the other one in the footwell near the center console and spread widely. The effects of the bookstore adventure were evident. Her pussy lips spread and glistened with natural lube. She was ready for penetration.
She put the huge dildo to her mouth and opened widely, engulfing the big knob. "Oh yeah," she said after pulling the bulbous head from her mouth, "it's exactly like Jack's!"
She put the spit lubed head to her juicy pussy and, using both hands on the thick shaft, tried to pull it into herself. I glanced over as often as possible to watch her work it in. She was struggling, not being able to take much more than the big knob.
"Silly slut," I told her, "You've got a big bottle of lube in the bag. Juice that big fucker up!"
"Oh, yeah, thanks," she said and immediately drenched the ten-inch dick with slipperiness. Then, inch by inch, she pushed it into herself. She withdrew and reinserted it repeatedly, each time deeper. As the big balls neared her ass, she begged, "Help me, Ed. Fuck my pussy with this thing; please!"
I had to release my cock from its confines before doing anything else. I was completely boned up, throbbing and leaking precum. I grabbed the balls of the big, thick dildo and repeatedly plunged it into my wife's pussy.
"Oh fuck, Lynda!" I exclaimed, "Look at your belly! I can see it bulge when this thing goes all the way in. That's fucking hot! You're such a naughty fucking slut, girl. Where have you been hiding this side of yourself? I love it! My fucking hot wife! I love watching you fuck! You've got to do Jack for me. I've got to see you take the real thing like this!" I cried out as my cock spurted without being touched.
Lynda laughed as I involuntarily shot spunk all over myself. "Yeah, I see you like watching me take a big one," she said as she grabbed the dildo to continue fucking herself as soon as I let it go. She repositioned herself, placing her feet on the dash and reclining her seat. "Pull up next to that truck," she panted as her orgasm started.
I did as she wished, pacing the eighteen-wheeler so the driver could look down into our car for an unobstructed view of my hot wife's cunt working her new toy.
"Is he watching?" I asked.
"Yeah, he's definitely watching," Lynda moaned as she spread wide and pounded her pussy, slamming the whole length of that rubber cock into herself. She looked up at the driver, mouth open and face contorted, "Ohhhh!" she moaned, holding the big dick tightly against herself, wiggling it up and down while she was fully impaled, "Ohhh!" again, "I'm cumming! That man is watching me cum on this big black cock! He's looking right at my cunt!"
I let her have her moment of extreme exhibitionism, then sped up to leave the truck behind. The driver sped up and sounded his horn, begging to follow us for more, but I went even faster and left the horny bastard behind.
"Christ! You're a little exhibitionist too?" I exclaimed, more of a statement than a question.
"I guess," she answered, "I've thought about doing things like that all my life, but didn't dare. I didn't know what you would think; and I know if I ever intentionally exposed myself, and word got out, I'd be an outcast with our friends. This freedom is so fucking exhilarating! I love you more than ever!" she told me as she smoothed down her skirt, sat up in her seat and leaned over to kiss me.
When we got home, Lynda raced through the house hoping the kids wouldn't see how she dressed for public appearance. As it worked out, the kids were out in the pool, giving her a clear shot to our room. While she stashed the new toy and took a quick shower, I went out to greet the kids.
I found Carl and his girlfriend skinny dipping, as usual, and our girls, dressed in little string bikinis, lounging in the chairs. In their old age of nearly eighteen, they rediscovered modesty. They weren't prudish about it, often changing into their suits and drying off to dress in front of others, but for the last year or so, they seemed more comfortable with their privates covered. Even lounging in the house, they seldom sat around in the buff these days. We've always let them know, by example, that whatever they chose to wear or not is totally up to them. There's never been criticism in our home about nudity. We did, however, encourage them to masturbate in private. All of the kids needed an occasional reminder when they were younger; but with Carl, it became a routine thing. The whole family knew to just say his name loudly, snapping him back into reality so he'd either quit or go to his room. It's become a family joke now that he's outgrown the impulse to do it regardless of his surroundings.
A few minutes after I'd taken a seat next to our girls, Lynda came out. "Can I join you?" she asked the young couple in the pool. She knew they wouldn't object, and now there were three skinny dippers. "Come join us, Ed," she suggested. And then we had four skinny dippers. Our daughters joined in the frolics, but choose to do so with their little string suits in place.
Thirty minutes later, I'd gotten out and fired up the grill. We had burgers and hot dogs and talked about what we might do the next day.
"We should ask Jack and his girls to join us for a cook-out. I'm sure the kids would like to meet them." Lynda suggested.
"Sorry, Mom, got plans already," Heather said.
"Me to," added Jane, "Carl is going with me to grandpa's to fix my car."
"Another time, then," Lynda suggested, "You know you girls have a birthday coming up in a few weeks. Try not to make plans yet. I've got the most amazing surprise birthday gift in mind for the two of you, but you'll have to keep that night available."
Both Heather and Jane begged to know what it would be while I had no doubt. Of course, Lynda gave no hints and I pleaded ignorance. We hadn't talked about it, and we definitely needed to.