All rights reserved. This Work may not be copied, published, republished or posted on any other venue or media, in whole or in part, without the author's express written permission.
This is the conclusion of a two-part story. It won't make any sense until you've read On The Road To Dublin - Part 1.
This my first story of any kind. Please remember to rate and comment so I can improve.
**********
SATURDAY:
The bright sun awakened me, alone in bed. I cleaned up, dressed in a T-shirt and gym shorts and drifted downstairs on the glorious coffee aroma. I'm not worth a damn 'til I've had my first mug of morning coffee.
Lynne was standing with her back to me at the kitchen breakfast island, coffee cup in hand, lost in her own thoughts. I'd have traded the inventory of the vault at Fort Knox for those thoughts.
This gorgeous woman had prepared my favorite breakfast of country ham, scratch biscuits and grits with redeye gravy.
"This must be heaven." My voice startled her out of her reverie; she gave me a quick smile.
She was sexy as hell in a see thru pale blue blouse I had not seen before and a thin, flowing navy blue wrap-over skirt with little pink rosebuds. Her long legs were in nude sheer stockings and were made even more enticing by the three-inch navy blue pumps. Her hair and makeup were perfect. Her only jewelry was the pearl earrings from last night and her wedding ring set. I couldn't help noticing that her pink nipples were a perfect match for the little pink rosebuds on her skirt.
She shyly raised her skirt, allowing me a glimpse of a tiny pair of lacy pink panties and her thigh highs.
"Like my panties?"
"Love 'em. You make those panties look gooood." We both giggled.
"Would it please you if I dressed this way when I go out?" I sensed a longing in her voice.
"Please me? Oh, hell, yeah."
"You wouldn't mind that other men would see my rosebuds and, if I was careless, my little pink panties?" Her voice sounded more hopeful than convinced.
"Nope. Sounds hot. I want you to be happy. Just never forget who loves you and where home is."
"You're a wonderful husband. I'll always love only you and will always come home to you."
Nice to hear, but I wondered what that was all about.
"Have a seat; breakfast is ready." Lynne placed a loaded plate and mug of coffee in front of me.
"Dig in." She walked out of the room and I heard car keys rattle and the front door being unlocked. I made an intuitive leap to exactly the wrong conclusion.
"Lynn, aren't you going to eat breakfast?"
She retraced her steps to the kitchen. "I've already eaten."
She gave me the hand-on-hip and arched eyebrows look. "Didn't you just say you wouldn't mind my going out dressed this way?"
"Yeah..."
"And that you wanted me to be happy?"
"Well, yeah." I knew I was toast.
"Alright then. I'm going out. I'll be back later. Love you. Bye." With a saucy smile and a wink, she was gone, just like that.
The front door closed. It got quiet. I heard the car door open and close.
Well, crap. This wasn't the way I had envisioned our morning going.
Minutes passed. No car engine. I eased into the living room to look out the picture window but retreated to the kitchen when I heard her heels on the walk. A minute later, she came back into the house.
I asked, "Forget something?"
"Not this morning. But we did leave my jacket and necklace unlocked in the car all night."
"You said you were going out." I was confused.
"I did go out. Out to the driveway to collect my things before they walked away." She was grinning.
"Then why are you all dressed up?"
"Doofus! I'm dressed up for you."
"So no one saw your outfit?" I guess my disappointment showed.
"Well, you saw it. And there was Mr. Tuttle."
"Tuttle?" The Tuttles are our retired neighbors across the street.
"Yep. I noticed he was getting his riding mower ready to cut his yard so I strolled down the driveway to check our mail and waved good morning to him. He actually came all the way across the street to chat with me a minute. I can't remember the last time he did that." She was smiling innocently.
"He's drooled over you for years. Seeing you in that outfit is the closest to heaven he's ever going to get."
"And there were the joggers."
She just left that hanging in mid-air as she twirled a strand of her black hair.
"Joggers?" I bit.
"Athletes from the University. They stopped to chat as Mr. Tuttle was going back to his mower. They're nice boys. Polite. And big."
"Big?"
I know. She'd hooked me like a trout. You would've taken the bait too.
"Oh, you know: Tall, muscular, bare-chested, glistening with sweat, smelling so manly and wearing those snug fitting spandex running shorts with the big bulges in front and the tight little butts in the back. Imposing. And so - vigorous."
She had me. She knew it; the smile gave her away.
"They seemed fascinated with my rosebuds." She put on her best innocent face.
"Um, what did y'all talk about?"
"Oh, you know. Just the usual stuff. Favorite bars, phone numbers, scheduling, things like that."
"You gave them your phone number?!" Now I was worried.
"No, silly. You know I wouldn't do that." She followed up with a reassuring pat on the arm.
"Besides I didn't have to. They both insisted on giving me theirs." She drove that thought home with a serene smile and a twist of a strand of her hair.
"Tell me you threw those numbers away, please." It was suddenly harder to breath in the kitchen.
"Sorry, honey but I just can't do that. Not for a while, at least."
"Why the hell not, Lynne?" Ok, breath deep, keep cool. Not working.
"Because they wrote 'em on the paper boy's bill, that's why. You are so cute when you get all huffed up and jealous. I love you for it. By the way, I did scratch out the numbers after the boys left. Wouldn't do to leave that kind of temptation laying around."
She poured fresh for both of us and settled in across the breakfast table from me. She took a slow sip of hot coffee while considering how to start.
She noticed Junior poking out the leg of my gym shorts and gently took him in hand.
"Come with me, husband. I have an adventure to tell." Her smile and gentle pull on Junior propelled me after her to the living room love seat facing the bay window.
Lynne sat beside me and took a deep breath that, incidentally, looked great in that see through blouse. Just saying . . .
"Honey, I have had a need, a hunger, to let men see my body since I was a teenager. I don't know where it comes from or why I need that, but I do."
I guess she could see the question written all over my face and kept going before I could interrupt.
"You've encouraged me to dress more suggestively for years and I've always been stubbornly reluctant, I know. And you're wondering why. I'm not exactly sure myself except that I know I was concerned you would think badly of me. I was afraid you'd think I was a slut. So I resisted the hunger. But your constant encouragement made the need in me stronger and, the last year or so, my desire has just become more than I can resist. I'm sorry."
Fascinating. She had Junior's, and my, full attention. Pun intended.
"I began undressing in our bedroom with the drapes open. At first I only did it at night and with the lights off. I could see out and could walk right up to the windows but I don't think any of the neighbors could actually see me. Still, it was exciting and, for a while, it was enough. I was just careful never to let you see me do it.
"Then I did it during the day, when you weren't home. Standing in front of those floor to ceiling windows, looking at the neighbors' windows, knowing they could see me if they happened to be looking made my heart pound. I actually got light-headed I was so turned on.
"Then, a couple of months ago, the night of the Charity Ball, I did it with the lights on in the bedroom. I was already aroused from all the dancing and I just opened the drapes and slowly took off my dress and stood in front of the window in only my panties and stockings. I could see people across the way out on their patios and decks. I knew they could see me easily. It was the most wicked thing I'd ever done and I loved it. My heart was pounding so hard I was sure you could hear it down in the den.
"I stood at my dressing table combing my hair, then strolled back to the windows and looked out. I discovered I could see my reflection in the glass. I let my hands roam over my breasts, pinching and pulling my nipples and electricity raced through me. I slid my hands down my tummy - down between my legs. My panties were sopping wet."
Her voice had faded to a whisper and her eyes were focused on another place and time.
"I slid my hand into my panties and gently rubbed around and around my clit. I had never felt my clit that large before. It was so sensitive. I was getting there fast. I slid two fingers inside me and had just begun losing myself in my orgasm when I heard you coming up the stairs and was embarrassed; I didn't want you to catch me. I swept the drapes closed and dashed back to my dressing table and grabbed up my hairbrush just as you walked into the room."
Talk about a pounding heart, mine was doing a pretty good imitation of a Gene Krupa drum solo. The images in my mind alternated between the stage performance I'd watched last night and the scene she'd just described happening months earlier in our bedroom.
"Hon, that is so erotic. Now I understand why you attacked me when I came upstairs. From what I remember us doing that night, I sure hope your bouncer friend didn't get as lucky as I did.
She stared at me. Her face and neck colored. She looked down at her hands in her lap.
"He didn't, did he?"
"Well, as you saw in the video last night, he had a pretty good night but, no, he didn't get what you got," she murmured.
While I mulled that one over she hurried on.
"He's actually their 'greeter' and part owner of the club. He doesn't like being called a 'bouncer'. He's a retired Ranger."
"Park or Forest?" I asked.
She smiled. "Army!"
Didn't see that coming.
She continued, "As I was saying before we got sidetracked, the idea for my stage performance was born the evening of the charity ball.
"I've often fantasized about being a stripper. Just fantasy; I was never serious about it. Mostly I lacked the nerve. And I never had a clue how to go about it. I was mortified that you would divorce me if you even suspected I had such fantasies. And I can't dance all that well. The closest I had come before yesterday was a wet t-shirt contest in Destin during Spring Break my freshman year.
"So stripping remained just a fun fantasy until we spotted the billboard for the gentleman's club yesterday. When you suggested we have lunch there, I got so excited I could hardly think straight. Until our lunch I'd never seen the inside of a gentleman's club and had never actually watched a stripper perform. It was so erotic!
"Watching the girls taking their clothes off with all those men watching made me want to do it so much my kitty and nipples were aching. When I heard the manager talking about being short two dancers I realized fate had given me a chance that might never come again. I knew if I didn't seize the opportunity I would spend the rest of my life cursing my cowardice; I also knew if I did seize the opportunity I might spend the rest of my life cursing my brazenness, but I couldn't help myself. I had to do it.
"When I excused myself from the table I went directly to the manager's office and introduced myself. I told him I had overheard his conversation with the bartender and wanted to perform for them."
"You told him your name? He knows who we are?" I asked with concern.
"I introduce myself as Lynne. I did not give them my last name, address or phone number," she reassured me.
"Smart girl."
"He asked if I had ever performed before and I admitted that I hadn't.
"He asked if I could dance and I confessed I wasn't any good at that. I was so embarrassed. I knew I had to do this so I blurted out my fantasy and what I've been doing in our bedroom for the last couple of months. He got interested.
"He said 'Okay, take your clothes off.' That floored me. He just said it so casually like it was perfectly routine to tell a married woman to take her clothes off. Then I realized it was only fair that he see what I looked like before he put me on stage in his club.
"As I took my jacket off he asked me to wait a second and made a quick phone call asking someone to come to his office. He explained that the co-owner of the club also had to approve new performers and it would save time to have them both see me together.
"In walked Greg with an ear-to-ear grin. Hal sat in front of me while Greg stood behind me. With my heart pounding and my knees shaking, I unbuttoned my blouse, slid it off and laid it on top of my jacket. I next let my skirt slide off and folded it atop my other clothes.
"There I stood in just my lingerie with two strange men staring at my body and I got so wet my panties were soaked. I felt so sexy. I burned to let them to see all of me. I can't explain it.
"I turned to face Greg, staring straight into his eyes as I unhooked my bra, slid it down my arms and handed it to him to put with my clothes. His eyes feasted on my breasts. The pulses in his neck were pounding, probably nearly as hard as mine. I could hear my pulse in my ears. My nipples flushed and got hard. I was having trouble keeping my hands off of them.
"I turned back to Hal and there was a look of pure lust on his face as I hooked my thumbs in my panties and slowly pushed them off my hips exposing my slit to a man not my husband for the first time in my life. Bending at the waist, I slid those little white lace panties you bought for me to my ankles and handed them to Hal to put with my bra. I was well aware that I had displayed my sex to the man behind me as well.
"Both men had bulges in the fronts of their pants. My body did that. A thrill washed over me. I can't find the words to describe how it felt. My shakes were gone.
"As I stood naked with those two men I gave up trying to keep my hands away from my breasts and began pinching and rolling my nipples with my fingers. I was both horrified and ecstatic when my body shuddered and orgasmed, just from playing with my nipples, with them watching.
"Greg picked up my panties, held them to his face, inhaled deeply, and slid them into his coat pocket.
"Smiling he said, 'You won't need these again today.' He nodded at Hal and walked out.
"The surprising thing was that neither man tried to touch me at all and neither said anything else to me. They were pretty business-like about the whole thing.
"Hal asked who you were and I explained and reassured him that you would be okay with what I was doing and that you were going to be gone for the rest of the day. I didn't tell him that I was thinking of telling you I had waited tables and just not mentioning performing. He told me to finish lunch and report back to him. So I dressed and came back to you."
"You were going to lie to me about what you were doing? Why?"
"I was afraid you'd be ashamed of me and divorce me if you knew I was even thinking about taking my clothes off in that club. Please try to understand. I love you with all my heart and couldn't bear even the thought of losing you, but I knew I had to do this. The need was just too strong to fight anymore but I was terrified of how you would react. The only way out I could see was to hide it all from you. I'm sorry I even thought that, but when you jumped to the conclusion I would be working as a waitress and never even considered that they might find me attractive enough to be a performer it hurt my feelings and made it easier to not correct your thinking."
"So before we even ate lunch you had stripped naked for two strangers and given away your panties."
She arched her eyebrows at me. "I did not give away my panties; he took them. Greg is very - assertive. And I was still wearing my stockings and heels."
While I just gazed at her, she thought that over and sighed. "Okay, you're right. I got bare ass naked with two strange men and lost my panties before lunch."
Wowser!
I understood now why Greg grinned so big when I asked him to keep an eye on my wife. He'd already seen every square inch of her and was planning to spend the rest of the evening seeing her. He'd already inhaled the scent of her arousal and had her panties in his pocket when he shook hands with me as I was leaving.
Lynne pulled me back to the present. "After walking you out, Greg sent me back to Hal's office to 'take care of the details' as he called it.
"Hal turned me over to Rachel, the lead dancer. She sort of looks after the girls and they all affectionately refer to her as 'Miss Rachel'. You can thank her for getting my head screwed back on straight and shocking me out of the idea of concealing from you what I was doing.
"How so?" Rachel sounded to me like a pretty good mother hen.
"Miss Rachel is the tall natural redhead with the spectacular figure you were drooling over when I got back to our table after my audition. She is a sweetheart. She graduated from Old Miss with a degree in interior design. Her husband got a good job offer right out of college and they moved to Macon. While he worked as an engineer for one of the largest construction companies in the South, she started her own interior design company.
"She asked me why I wanted to be on stage and I explained about my need to show myself. That got a smile and kind of far-away look out of her. Rachel has had the same hunger all of her adult life. She's a kindred spirit, so we traded stories.
"Rachel spotted the Club one day shortly after moving to Macon, while on the way to Atlanta to meet a client. On the way back she stopped in and watched the girls perform while she ate supper.
"Just like me she cornered Hal and begged an opportunity to dance. Since she's so gorgeous, he was happy to oblige. She did a three-song set, stripped naked and loved it. She was showered with applause and had nearly $250.00 stuck in her garters when she left the stage.
"She also realized her husband would probably not be understanding about it so decided never to do it again and to keep it to herself.
"It was only six months later the construction industry took a nosedive and her husband got laid off, being the junior engineer. Her business was beginning to make a little money but couldn't possibly pay the mortgage on the house they'd just bought and keep groceries on the table.
"Her husband worked like a Trojan, day and night, looking for a new job. He finally found an inside sales job which at least provided insurance coverage, gas money and food on the table. They were still going to lose the house and the bank was threatening to repossess their cars. Things were desperate.
"Rachel knew her business would not produce in time to do any good. She was wracking her brain for a solution when she remembered how much money she'd made dancing that one set at the club. The idea was so dangerous she rejected it at first. Then the bank repossessed her husband's truck. If she lost her car they'd be on foot and her business would die.
"Without discussing it with her husband, she went back to the club and explained things to Hal and Greg. She asked to work two day shifts and one night shift per week, figuring she could tell her husband she was meeting clients. They wanted to help and also knew her dancing would be good for business.
"So that's how Rachel got started as a dancer. Once she learned how to do lap dances and private performances in the VIP area she was making more than $1,200.00 per week and running it through her business checking account so her husband thought the money came from interior designing. She planned to dance only until her husband got his career back on track.
"For two months everything worked well. She kept her costumes at the club, had no contact with the club's customers outside of the club, and worked hard at her interior design business three days a week. She was home with her husband six nights a week and he was none the wiser. According to her, they were happy.
"One of her husband's friends told her later that there was a Tuesday afternoon her husband was sitting in Christensen's Bar & Grill having a beer with the guys and they got to talking about the good looking redhead that a couple of them had seen at the Gentleman's Club up on I-75 north of town. When Grover mentioned she only performed on Wednesday nights her husband got real quiet and left the bar soon after. It had apparently dawned on him that Rachel had been out late every Wednesday for the last two months, supposedly meeting clients who couldn't meet during the day.
"The next night Rachel's husband was sitting right down front at the stage when she began her first set. She didn't recognize him during the first and second songs because of the lights and his baseball cap. Only as she lay naked on her back with her legs in the air, pushing her panties off did she realize her husband was watching.
"When he stood and pulled off the cap, his eyes boring into hers, she could see all the pain of her betrayal and deception in his eyes, mixed with the tears. His shoulders slumped and he turned and walked out without a word. She jumped off the stage to go after him and twisted her ankle. By the time she'd hobbled to the parking lot, naked and crying his name, he was gone. She knelt on the asphalt, sobbing until Greg picked her up and carried her back into the club.
"Through the whole divorce her husband never spoke to her and never once looked at her face. They had loved each other and each lost a part of their souls.
"That's why I was so frightened about how you would react last night. I found out that I needn't have feared. My husband is a much stronger, more loving man than Rachel's husband was. I never knew before just how strong and secure a man you are. I'm luckier than I ever realized.
I appreciated what she was saying even though I thought she was troweling it on pretty thick.
"Anyway, Rachel still had to eat and keep a roof over her head, so she settled into a routine of working Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights at the club and being an interior designer by day. Her business grew and prospered but she hung onto her hours at the club because - well because she had that need to show herself. Indulging that need made her a happier person. For Rachel it was that simple.
"Miss Rachel listened as I gave her the short version of my story. Then she read me the riot act for even thinking about deceiving you. She warned me to not make the same mistake she'd made with her husband. I promised her, cross my heart, to tell you everything. Afterward she listed the things we had to do to make my performance happen.
"The first thing she said I needed was to get sugared.
"Then she needed to teach me some things about playing to my audience.
"I needed costuming, nails, makeup, and a thousand other things. We arranged for props and lighting with Hal and the DJ.
"Who knew taking your clothes off was so complicated?"
"What's sugaring?" I'd not heard of it before.
Lynne explained, "It's like waxing except they use a ball of nearly solid honey and it's way less painful. The girls do it for each other in the dressing room to save money.
"Greg had told Rachel that I was in 'serious need' of a Brazilian. That meant removing all the hair from around my kitty and backside. I kept a close-trimmed landing strip at the top because Rachel said men like that and a successful performance is all about pleasing the men.
"She had me strip and get on the table while they warmed everything up. I felt like such a bad girl lying there naked with my knees up while other women came in and out from their performances. The process was a little uncomfortable but not painful. She showed me how sexy it looked with a mirror. When I started to get up, she stopped me and said to wait just a minute for final inspection.
"Greg walked in bold as brass with that grin of his. I was lying there with my knees up and legs wide open and he just walked over and stared down at my kitty. I couldn't help it, I got wet instantly. He pulled the handkerchief from the lapel pocket of his jacket and patted me dry. He held the handkerchief to his nose and inhaled, smiling. Then he softly stroked his hand between my legs without even asking. I was already so turned on by everything that had happened and his inhaling the scent of my arousal, my hips bucked completely off the table all by themselves, pressing my sex hard into the palm of his hand. I'm sorry. I couldn't help it. I was so embarrassed.
"He told Rachel I looked nice and walked out."
I was not happy. "This guy's making a habit of feeling up my wife. I'd hate to have to hurt him."
My response startled Lynne. "Oh god, no honey. I promise you that won't be necessary. Not at all. He doesn't mean anything to me. This is all just about performing, nothing else."
"Lynne, honey, I'm not worried about your intentions. This guy wants you. He wants you in the worst way. What you've told me and what I saw last night of his behavior onstage leaves no doubt he wants in your pants. Again, that is. And if he ever tries that again I'll hurt him. Once is art, twice is erotic, three times is war."
"You couldn't hurt him, he's a Ranger. He'd cripple you - or kill you. Besides, he'll never get another chance. There's nothing for you to worry about, I promise."
Can't say I was all that thrilled about her lack of faith in my physical abilities or how impressed she was with his. I swing a mean briefcase. For now I wanted to hear the rest of the story.
"I hear ya. If you say it's not a problem, it's not a problem. What happened next?"
"Are you sure you want to hear the rest of it? You just scared me and I'm not sure telling you the rest is a good idea. I had hoped this could be an adventure we could share and enjoy together but you're being all mad and jealous."
"Any more of Greg putting his hands between your legs?"
Lynne stared hard at me for a few seconds before saying, "No. You already know about every time Greg touched me down there."
"Good enough. What happened next?" I made a mental note to think more later about that delay in her answer.
She took a few seconds to remember where her narrative had left off, then, "It was late afternoon by the time we'd completed everything on Rachel's checklist and she had done her best to turn me into an instant pro.
"The Friday afternoon regulars had drifted in and Hal and Rachel decided it was time. I didn't tell them but I was losing my nerve. I was so scared of what you would think and I was having doubts that I could actually take my clothes off with all those men watching.
"But everybody had worked so hard to make it possible for me to do this. I knew I'd absolutely never have another chance as good. After talking with Rachel and watching her perform, I was absolutely on fire with the need to let myself be seen naked. It's something I just can't explain. I certainly don't understand it.
"My first performance was not the same as the one you saw in the video last night. The music was a soft classical piece I'd not heard before. The clothes were the same but my hair was up. I used a scarf at Rachel's suggestion to cover my kitty so I could simulate my orgasms. That didn't work out well. The scarf was awkward and I was so hot I couldn't keep my hands off myself anyway. My orgasms were all real and wonderful.
"It helped in the enjoyment of my adventure that I had lots of orgasms. Powerful ones, gentle ones. I didn't need to fake a single one of my climaxes."
I was at a loss for a snappy comment. I didn't even know what to ask. I mean, it was all pretty black and white, wasn't it? Nothing she'd said was in Latin. Had she found it necessary to fake an orgasm the day before, or a couple last week? Maybe all the ones this year? Did she realize how her comment would sound to her husband? Something else to think about.
She was so happy thinking about her experience I don't think she even noticed my silence.
"The biggest difference between the first and second performances was that there was no mystery man in the first performance. The performance ended when I dashed back to the dressing table after hearing footsteps.
"Once I got started it just felt right. Taking my clothes off with all those men watching was thrilling. I was so turned on my heart was pounding out of my chest. My nipples were harder than I can remember them ever being before and so, so sensitive. I was so wet it was leaking down my thigh.
"The men loved it. They clapped and whistled and cheered and threw money on the stage. Every man I could see had a tent in the front of his pants. My body caused all of those erections. It was so wickedly erotic, knowing every one of them wanted to take me. I've never felt more desirable, more purely sexy.
"Backstage, Hal said he'd noticed nearly every man in the audience using their cell phones after my performance. He thought they were calling their friends to come see my next performance. He predicted we were about to be hit by an avalanche.
"He was right. The club was filling up fast. The DJ announced that my second and final performance would be at 8:00 and by 7:00 all the seats were filled and men were standing around the walls. And a good many of the men had brought their wives or girlfriends. That surprised me.
"Hal asked if there would be any changes for the next performance and we discussed several new things. The music was changed to a mellow instrumental jazz. I chose to wear my hair down, get rid of the scarf, and switch to a black satin thong Rachel had.
"The most important change was the addition of a man. I explained to Hal and Rachel that the whole performance was a re-enactment of what I'd been doing in our bedroom for the past year. Recently I've been fantasizing about you walking in, realizing what I was doing and fondling me erotically while our neighbors watched.
"I asked Hal to stand in for you and was a little surprised when Rachel spoke up saying it was a great idea but not with Hal. She said Greg would be a much better choice and Hal quickly agreed.
"I was hesitant about performing with Greg because of how I had responded to him earlier. Then Rachel pointed out the man needed a tux to fit in with my dress and Hal didn't have a tux but Greg did. It was either Greg or nobody. So I agreed." Lynne was watching my face closely as she explained.
"Why was Rachel trying so hard to put you and Greg together?" It looked to me like everybody wanted my wife to hook up with that wolf. Well, everybody but me.
Lynne was smiling at me and I asked what was so damn funny.
"You're jealous! That's so sweet. Honey, Rachel wasn't trying to put me together with Greg or anyone else. She was keeping Hal away from me. Rachel and Hal got married. And she has a strict hands off rule for Hal with the girls. No exceptions."
"I don't blame her one bit. I'm thinking real hard about having the same rule for my wife."
"Oh, love, there's no need for that. Please don't. This isn't something I will ever try to hide from you again. Please just enjoy the thrill with me. It's something I need to do. Try to understand that. We can't pretend I don't have that need."
I told her I was more okay with the showing than with the touching. I found the idea of men looking at her exciting, but touching? Not so much.
"Seeing another man touching me last night seemed to get you hot. And I have to tell you, as much as I enjoy my husband making sweet love to me, last night I just wanted my lover so aroused he'd screw my brains out. I needed that - and will need it again. I'm greedy; I want both."
I tried to think; not easy with a beautiful woman's big brown eyes pleading with you and her dainty hand massaging your testicles. Nossiree, not easy at all. Not fair either. Sure as hell she was trying to get Junior to cast a proxy vote for us both.
She watched my eyes intently as she dealt her next card. Off the bottom of the deck.
"If you insist, I'll go back to the way I behaved our whole marriage up until yesterday. It'd be hard but I'd do it rather than make you unhappy with me." Then she just waited me out.
"Tell you what. Let's just file that under 'pending business' and come back to it later. I'd like to hear the rest of your adventure before we make any decisions about future adventures, please." She nodded, accepting that answer for now, but I knew the topic was on her agenda for discussion again real soon.
" Okay." She took a deep breath. "We ran over to Greg's place for him to change into his tux and do some rehearsing."
"You went to his apartment?"
She sighed and rolled her eyes in exasperation.
"We were short on time since the DJ had already announced my next performance. So while he changed I gave him a quick run-through on what I needed from him."
"While he changed? Where were you?"
"Now honey, here you go again, getting all upset for nothing. You . . ."
"Lynne! Where?"
"I couldn't very well shout at him and I needed to show him what I wanted."
"Third time: Where were you while he took his clothes off?" Alarm bells.
"In his bedroom." Small voice, eyes averted. She saw my reaction and tried to head it off.
"Don't worry, we were adult about it. Since he'd seen me naked several times, it didn't matter if I saw him naked."
"Nakd? You don't have to get naked to put on a tux! Why in hell was he naked?" Picture steam coming out my nostrils.
She got an unmistakably dreamy, far-away look on her face.
"He always goes commando. Hon, nothing happened and I didn't even look at his huge thingy, at all, hardly."
I stared in disbelief. Who was this woman? Then she giggled.
"You think this is funny, dammit?"
"What's funny is you, silly man. You are so, so incredibly easy. I promised I wouldn't leave the club last night and I didn't. Greg is the last person I'd have gone with anywhere alone. I've already told you I was concerned about how I'd been reacting to him.
"Oh."
"Back to my story. I gave Greg a brief explanation of what I needed him to do and, while he ran home to change, I got my hair redone and got dressed.
"I was more confident in the second show. I had a few flutters knowing I'd be taking off my panties with all those men watching. And I was anticipating Greg holding me and kissing me, all with hundreds of guys watching. So, even with a few flutters, I was more turned on than I can put into words.
"For a woman, knowing that her body is causing hundreds of men to get hard and even making some of them cum, is the ultimate aphrodisiac.
"When Greg walked onstage and came to me, the whole atmosphere in the room changed. He wrapped his arms around me, kissing my neck. The plan went off the rails when he cupped my breasts. The letch was just supposed to wrap his arms around my waist, not grope me. As I explained last night I turned to get his hands off my chest and all the kissing got to me so I turned back to the audience with my own hands covering my breasts and the weasel caught me off guard and stuck his hand in my panties, um, actually in my kitty. I tried to resist, but everything was happening so fast and I was so turned on. The audience response was electric and it all just got away from me. I went from thinking 'he's not supposed to do that' to a full knee-buckling, earth shaking string of rolling orgasms in just seconds. I remember thinking I ought to stick my hand down the front of his pants to embarrass him so he'd get out of my panties. I didn't know until I watched the video with you that I'd actually done it.
"Then I fainted, dead away. He held me up so I wouldn't flop on the floor and ruin the performance. He casually lifted me over to the dressing table chair and sat me down. I woke up in the chair with him holding me in place, actually holding my breasts in place, and the crowd roaring.
"I guess, since he knew he'd sandbagged me, he tried to make amends. As soon as I regained my balance he got off the stage.
"Honey, I know how that scene must have looked to you. Even I was shocked by the video. Please believe me that I didn't intend what happened with Greg. It was supposed to just look erotic, not actually be pornographic.
"If that weasel had just stuck to the script none of the bad stuff would have happened. I know I crossed a line you trusted I would never cross. I'm genuinely sorry that I got myself into a circumstance with Greg which made it possible. If you do agree to future adventures I'll be careful that I don't get into such a circumstance again." As she spoke, she searched my face for any indication of my feelings.
"Lynne, love, I could see in the video last night that you were caught by surprise and did your best to resist. I get that. I'll admit I feel as though I've been 'pole axed'. My emotions are a mess right now. I've got pride, love, jealousy, fear, lust and another dozen emotions racing around inside me like squirrels playing tag on a tree trunk. You did things yesterday that I would never in a million years have believed my wife could or would do. I know we'd have problems if you wanted to make a habit of working like Rachel. I want you to be sexy and for us to have fun with your exhibitionist urges but I hope you're not angling toward telling me you want to be a regular at the club."
"Nope, but I could get all excited about doing the Interior Design thing."
"Forget about it. You browsing through furniture stores scares me worse than having you prancing around in your birthday suit." We both laughed.
"Shucks. Oh! I have a treat for you. Among other things, I learned how to do a lap dance yesterday. As your reward for being so understanding about all this I'd like to give you a special lap dance. Okay?"
Let's see - I'm a guy being offered a free lap dance by a beautiful woman who loves me and wants to 'reward me'. Hmmmm, tough choice.
"Damn right. Get to it, woman!"
She positioned me in the middle of the love seat, facing the window, then backed away to the center of the living room. Somehow her appearance changed from pretty to sultry just by something in her eyes. She pressed a button on the stereo remote and tossed it into the recliner.
Mellow jazz filled the room and called to mind all the erotic memories of my wife from last night.
She spread her feet apart and slid her hands from her hips, up the outside of her breasts and lifted her hair up off her neck, turning her back to me. As she stood gazing out the window her hips swayed hypnotically to the music. She bent forward gliding her hands down the front of her skirt to her ankles, drawing her skirt tight across her shapely bottom.
Pulling the ribbon tie as she stood, the skirt slid down her long legs. She came to me wearing only her blouse, panties, stockings and heels and pushed my knees wide as she knelt in front of me.
Lynne's hands massaged and squeezed her breasts then smoothly slid from my knees to my thighs to greet Junior gently. Then, returning her hands to my knees she rubbed her breasts over my crotch and up my chest, pulling back just as I tried to take a nipple in my lips. Her warm breath tickled my neck as she slid back down my chest and stood facing me.
One by one, the buttons of her blouse yielded as she swayed to the jazz. As she reached the top Lynne turned to the window, pulled her blouse open wide and let it slide from her shoulders to join the skirt.
She climbed on my lap, facing me and rubbed her breasts on my cheeks and let me kiss the hollow between, but teased me by keeping her fully erect pink rosebuds just out of reach of my tongue.
Leaning backward while arching her back to push her breasts out provocatively she glided from my lap onto the floor, leaving her calves hooked over my thighs. As her brown eyes bored into me, she lifted her pelvis from the carpet. Her kitty swayed tantalizingly with the music as she tweaked and pulled her nipples.
The soaked gusset of her panties proved her arousal and pleasure in showing her body. It was a hunger for her and I understood that hunger was going to have to be satisfied for my wife to be completely happy.
All on its own my hand reached to touch but she rolled away and stood, again just out of reach.
Lynne swayed her hips to that haunting jazz, staring at me boldly as her hand slid down her stomach and over her bare mons, her fingers disappearing into her tiny pink panties. Her moan blended with the tenor sax notes as her head tilted back, her lips parted, her throat exposed.
Her head lowered and her hand froze as a shudder moved over her beautiful body. Still facing me she hooked her thumbs in the waist of her panties and slowly, agonizingly, glacially, pushed the wisp of pink lace, exposing first her dark landing strip, then finally, her baby smooth slit. Down, down her delicious thighs, over her taut calves and to her pumps, then, having descended from heaven, to be so casually kicked aside.
As she stood, I was overcome by the need to inhale the scent of her arousal, as Greg had the previous night. I leaned forward and retrieved her damp panties from the carpet and held them to my face, taking her aroma deep into my lungs. It was a scent I knew and loved. Lynne understood, smiled as her hips moved to the rhythm of the jazz.
She turned to the window and gracefully bent forward to caress her lower calves allowing me to see what she had just shown to anyone fortunate enough to be looking into our living room. Her aroused inner and outer lips were swelled and opened, again resembling the petals of a petite orchid. Their glistening dark pink contrasted with her white skin.
She slid to the carpet, turning onto her back, feet toward me. My wife amazed me by crawling toward me on her back, arms and legs off the carpet, using only her fanny and shoulders, all in perfect time with the music. Seeing her bare, smooth kitty coming to me, seemingly on its own, was the new most erotic thing I'd ever seen.
She slid her legs over my thighs and held out her hands to be pulled into my lap, cowgirl style. While looking into my eyes she pulled open the elastic waistband of my shorts and reached in with her right hand to grasp Junior and position him pointed up, laying against my stomach. Junior and I both enjoyed her touch. Junior even shed a tear.
Lynne leaned into my chest, closed her legs and turned over so her back was to me, then leaned back against my chest. Turning her head she nuzzled and kissed my neck as she slid her hands down my arms to my hands.
She whispered "kiss me" and parted her lips for a deep kiss as she brought my hands to her breasts and held them there, allowing me to squeeze and rub her breasts. I was getting into this lap dance. I'd had lap dances before, or thought I had, but this was a whole new experience. Then she made it even hotter by moving my left hand down to her landing strip and guiding it to rub her lips and clit. She was wet. Her hips moved against my hand as she moaned and breathed in my ear.
She moved my hands back to my sides and turned over to straddle me again looking into my eyes as she dry humped me. For several minutes there was just Lynne, me, and the jazz, all working to the same tempo.
She turned around facing the window and picked up the pace. My shorts were slipping downward as Junior begged to be allowed to play. On a strong forward stroke of Lynne's hips Junior came free and penetrated her all the way to her cervix. Raven-haired, naked, impaled, she arched her back and bucked as I squeezed her nipples. I'm sure folks heard her wail in the next block.
As she squirmed on my chest she turned her head and whispered in my ear.
"I made a lot of men cum yesterday. You were just the last."
That did it. Junior fired both barrels, pumping deep inside my amazing wife.
As I subsided, Lynne giggled.
"What?" I asked.
"Tuttle," she managed to get out pointing across the street.
There sat old Mr. Tuttle, slack jawed, on his riding mower, staring through our living room window at Lynne. Lynne made a show of rubbing her breasts and tweaking her nipples. Then she smiled and gave him a little wave.
His foot slipped off the brake and the machine rumbled forward the full length of Mrs. Tuttle's prize winning rose bed, spraying a rooster tail of rose bush confetti as it went. The mower finally stalled in the privet hedge with poor Tuttle never having taken his eyes off of Lynne.
As Mrs. Tuttle waddled across the yard loudly announcing the poor man's imminent dismemberment and demise I moved Lynne aside and closed the curtain, leaving the poor man to his fate.
TUESDAY:
We were enjoying Margaritas with chips and cheese dip at our favorite Mexican restaurant after a long workday when Lynne's phone beeped, announcing a text message. She read it, gasped and looked at me with her eyes wide.
"What is it, hon?" Her face told me this was no ordinary message.
"It's Greg. You were right. He wants to have sex with me."
I stared at her.
"Well?"
"Well, what?"
"Can he?"
That tore it! I grabbed her phone and had already started typing an angry reply telling him to forget ever getting anywhere near my wife again before noticing the message she had received. It was a discount offer from our phone provider for extending our contract. I heard her chuckling as I looked up.
"You're so easy. I told you I didn't give them a last name or phone number," she grinned and shook her head, retrieving her phone before I could snap it in half.
"But you are so sexy when you get all jealous and protective. I love it. Can we play when we get home tonight? By the way, I forgot my panties this morning. Imagine that."
THE FOLLOWING JANUARY 9th:
Her husband's car was already in the garage when Lynne pulled in. Coming into the kitchen she found him sitting, slump-shouldered, a whiskey bottle and a half empty tumbler on the table in front of him.
"You're home early. Anything wrong?" Her question drew no response; he just stared mutely at an envelope next to the whiskey bottle. Lynne sat opposite her husband, her concern growing. He slowly poured another shot and stared into the glass.
"What's the matter? Talk to me." Lynne knew it had to be bad. Her man rarely drank and never drank alone.
"Did you tell Greg that he could have you if he could find you?"
She stared in open-mouthed silence. The hall clock ticked.
"I. . . He. . . We. . . That is. . . But. . . How. . ." She couldn't seem to put a sentence together.
"I got a W-9 form in the mail today concerning your tip income. Enclosed was a letter to you from Greg reminding you of your promise and telling you he was ready to collect. It seems you and he have a date for next Friday night at his condo you've never visited. 6:00 pm. The man wants to get an early start on you, apparently. He said to plan on staying the weekend."
"The weekend?" She blushed hotly.
"Did you, or did you not, give your word that he could have you if he could find you?"
That snapped her out of it. She shook her head emphatically.
"Yes. No! Wait. I did say that, but I swear I didn't mean it. You've got to believe me. He kept trying to get my name and phone number and I got tired of it. I just told him that to shut him up. I was so sure he could never find us. How in the world . . ."
I tapped the envelope on the table to focus her attention.
"Seems he got our tag number as we pulled out of the parking lot. He pointed out that he's gone to some trouble and expense to locate you because of your promise. Now he wants to collect."
I downed the rest of my drink.
"He can't. . . There's. . . I don't. . ." She stared at me helplessly.
"Here, read it for yourself." I slid the envelope across to her. She recoiled as if it were a copperhead coiled on the table.
"Go ahead, read it. Maybe you can figure a way out of your promise to give yourself to another man; I can't."
She stared at me open-mouthed then opened the flap without picking up the envelope and slowly withdrew the single sheet of paper. Unfolding it seemed to take all the courage she could muster.
Lynne, my smart, sassy, sarcastic, playful wife, stared at the page a full seven seconds as it sank in on her that she was looking at the December water bill. She closed her eyes as my words rang in her ears.
"You're so easy!"
Her eyes popped open, shooting fire and lightning at me.
She rose shrieking, "You low-down, mean, sneaky, conniving man. You. . . You. . . Husband! I'll get you. So help me, if it's the last thing I ever do, I'll get you." She came after me around the table.
She did get me. Finally. In the bedroom.
Much later, savoring the afterglow, Lynne lightly raked her nails through my chest hair and purred in my ear the question I knew was coming, "How did you know about my promise to Greg? I never mentioned it."
"We CPAs have our sources - and friends in low places.
"And, by the way, you've been released from you coerced promise to Greg. I've seen to it."
Yep. I just let her wonder. Client confidentiality is sacred. Especially for redheaded clients.
-END-
*****
AUTHOR'S NOTE: Thanks for reading. This is my first story of any kind. Please vote then give me your comments so I can become a better writer.
Let me know if you'd like more stories about Lynne and her husband, what's-his-name.