Besides having a 12+ inch, thick cock I also have proportionally large testicles and more than a few people have enjoyed holding them in their hands. My testicles are about the size of lemons and hang somewhat low, probably due to their weight. Now, I'm not sure if there is correlation between my testicle size and my volume of semen but I will say that I produce a LOT of cum. The problem is that I often feel like I'm a human geyser that needs occasional release or the pressure will build up to an explosive level. If I do not have release multiple times a day my testicles will ache and I'll get a constant uncontrollable erection.
I have become an expert on surreptitiously masturbating in public. I have masturbated at my desk at work, on a bus, and even on a plane. My trick is to put a condom on my dick (largest brand you can buy) and rub my cock under my pants. Once I'm done I can visit the bathroom and drop off my deposit. In one instance, I was on a long plane ride and I did not have a condom. I was sitting next to a woman and I could feel the pressure building. What I did was try and give the impression that I was feeling sick. I put a blanket over myself, pulled out my dick and put it in my mouth. The woman would never assume I was sucking my own cock because my dick is long enough that I didn't have to bend over that far. Then I just squeezed my dick repeatedly rather than stroke it which would have attracted attention. I could see through the blanket and watched the woman next to me as well as stewardesses walking down the aisle even as I worked my massive dick. This extraordinary pubic masturbation caused me to absolutely unload into my mouth and I worked hard to suck up all the cum and lick the tip of my cock clean before pushing it back down into my pants. It was clear that none were any the wiser as I removed the blanket and held my temples faking a headache. I smiled at the lady next to me but tried to keep some distance given that my breath probably reeked of sperm.
It occurred to me, one day, that if I was producing this much cum while ejaculating multiple times I day then if I waited a few days I would accumulate an even more significant volume. I simply could never bring myself to not ejaculate because of aching balls and quite frankly because I loved ejaculating. I decided I would avoid masturbation for several days and see what happens. However, I felt like an alcoholic in detox. I used some personal time off and just stayed in my apartment for a few days watching anime and playing video games. As the first day wore on my balls starting to ache and I found myself laying a pillow over my now erect cock and pushing down just to try get some feeling without actually cumming. It was an embarrassingly rough day and I even got a few calls from people asking if I were up for some 'fun' but I declined.
That night, I had a rough time going to sleep and my dreams were all sex related. It starting occurring to me more than ever that I had a real issue. In one dream I had a three foot dick (because 12+ inches just isn't enough) and I was cumming like a garden hose in public and it felt glorious. When I woke my sheets were soaked with cum. Failure. The next day I tried again and although I had ejaculated in my sleep the previous evening this was the first time I could recall not masturbating for more than 24 hours. The next day was as hard as the first and it felt like someone had kicked me straight in the nuts. I just tried to distract myself with entertainment and things that didn't have to do with sex. The second night was the same as the first but this time I didn't unload in my sleep however when I woke I was aching like never before. It was now more than 48 hours since I had masturbated and I felt I needed to bring this experiment to a close before I did some actual damage or I just spontaneously came.
I called up a guy who was totally into cock worship and invited him over. His grandmother had passed away and he was going to the funeral but after some internal debate decided he would blow that off and come over. Yeah, uh, as I said, he was REALLY into cock worship. I ate my breakfast and watched some TV but I was in some serious pain and could barely walk. When the guy knocked on the door I yelled for him to let himself in and remained on the couch. I would usually ease into anything sex related but I just wanted the pain to be over with so I told him to get a glass and sit next to me on a couch. He dutifully complied with my ever demand and even gave me a 'yes, sir.'
I ordered him to stroke me into the glass and he suggested I just cum in his mouth. I had no patience for the guy and told him in no uncertain terms that he needed to do as I directed and he made no further suggestions. I pulled my cock out, which was as hard as it has ever been and gave the guy some Vaseline to rub on my dick. He began stroking with one hand while holding the glass near the tip of my cock to catch my semen. He was stroking for less than 30 seconds and I just unloaded. There were two initial blasts and then the cum just started pouring out. The guy was just going on and on about my volume of sperm and just started laughing with glee, complimenting me for being a super stud. I knew what he would be masturbating to for the next month. The feeling of ejaculation was as joyous as the feeling of testicular ache was miserable. It just kept pouring out and even I was stunned by my own volume and started laughing. I let the guy continue to stroke until it was clear I was drained and then took the glass to observe the volume. It looked like some kind of fake, cartoon volume and I wouldn't have believed it if it hadn't come out of my own body.
Besides having a monster cock I'm also a nerd so I calculated the volume to 4 ounces. I did some research online and found the the volume of semen a man produces is between 1.5 and 6.0 mL or .2 ounces at the high end. Some simple math shows that I produced around 20 times the volume of semen that is considered the high end. Even I was impressed by my own production. I produced about 1/3rd of a can of beer. The guy asked if he could drink it and I told him to go for it. He said he could literally feel it in his tummy. Once he finished my ejaculation I told him I was done and he could leave. His work took no more than 10 minutes but he knew not to argue or stay longer because he was my beta bitch.
The feeling of cumming that much was utterly exhilarating. It was a little blunted sharing the moment with such a dork but he was submissive, reliable and completely non-threatening. I called a guy instead of a girl because unlike in porn, women aren't generally blown away by high volumes of semen. I wanted someone who would be in awe and jealous at the same time and I knew that was what I would get. He served his purpose well.
As time went on I continued to experiment with accumulating semen and decided I was filled after less than two days and any longer would just produce unnecessary pain. Everything came to a head when I went several days without ejaculating and met up with a girl who went to a Catholic college about 15 minutes from my apartment. I was at that level of eruption when she went down on me. This girl REALLY loved sucking dick and had a fetish for big ones. She was less than a minute in and I utterly exploded. The first blast went in her mouth and the second all over her face. I have no doubt that I exceeded my previous record of 4 ounces, filling her mouth and covering her face to the point that she was unrecognizable.
There is zero chance of retaining your dignity when your face of covered in cum. She was sputtering and and coughing and couldn't even open her eyes because her face was so coated. I couldn't help but laugh but the girl was unamused. I had to get a towel to wipe her eyes and then she went to the bathroom to wash up. Once she straightened herself up she was pretty cool and was like 'God Damn, dude.' I was a little embarrassed by my premature ejaculation but I recover pretty fast and we had a nice evening of fun. She was pretty blown away by my volume of cum and told me she swallowed a huge amount.
Queuing up my ejaculations creates a massive feeling of satisfaction but I rarely can resist masturbating multiple times a day. I've never ever been into humiliation (except maybe to cock worshiping guys) but painting a girls face when she's not expecting it is a major turn on for me. I love that I can produce so much sperm that it can actually suffice as a small meal. I actually wondered if I could produce enough cum to keep someone fed. Not sure what nutritional value semen has. Maybe that's something else I can research.