Coming out of the lockdown in England I wanted to throw myself head first into health and fitness again. I loved swimming and therefore used it as cardio to supplement my weight training. It was way more fun than jogging on the treadmill and there were usually some hot women in the pool to gawk at.
The regime of weights and swimming had got me back into excellent shape after a few weeks. My broad shoulders and narrow waist were now well shown off with muscular pecs, legs and defined abs. I looked great.
And so I wasn't shy with my choice of swimwear. I went online and found several pairs of very skimpy Speedo-style swim briefs. They showed off my thick muscular thighs brilliantly. I cut out the lining to further show off my thick cock and balls. It turned me on when all eyes turned on me at the pool.
One evening I decided I had better get a swim in before closing. I slumped into my car to drive to the pool. In a few minutes I was paying for entry and walking into the changing rooms. Sweeping off my clothes I wiggled my hips into a tiny pair of royal blue speedos. Locking up my stuff I walked into the showers to scrub off any dirt before getting into the pool. I pushed the button and....nothing! Pushed again and no water came out. I tried the next shower, and a hot jet came whooshing out of the shower head. Finally!
All showered off I sauntered out of the locker room into the main pool area. I saw a couple of milfy middle-aged women stare at my package as they passed me in the pool. Overall, it was pretty quiet. Other than the milfs there was a very athletic looking woman in her twenties, in a technical style one-piece swim suit doing some pretty quick laps. A grandma doing very slow breast-stroke in the slow lane was accompanied by some old dudes barely going any faster. The middle lanes were occupied by a few younger guys doing a fairly average pace. All the other guys were in board shorts.
Only one lifeguard was on duty. An athletic but relatively curvy blonde woman, in her early 20s. Grey leggings and a red polo shirt as uniform. Her name was Hannah and I'd chatted and playfully flirted with her a few times before.
She looked me up and down as I walked towards her.
"Hi", I said casually.
She stepped down out of the high chair and observed my hard, barely dressed body.
"Yes", she responded warmly. I looked at her name badge, Steph was her name.
"One of the showers in the men's changing rooms isn't working. Maybe see if maintenance can take a look?"
"Sure I'll let them know, thanks for bringing it to our attention!"
She sashayed away to a door by the poolside. I enjoyed her ass before jumping into the deep end.
I got in a few nice and easy warm up laps to get the blood pumping. I then rested for a while before clinging to the side for a swig of water out of my bottle.
The hot lifeguard had returned to her chair. She looked over at me and smiled. God, what I wouldn't do to have her in the pool with me in a tiny bikini!
That image stayed with me as I continued on with my more serious "working" laps - pushing myself to try to put in some good times and to really work out my body.
Of course, swimming wasn't only a fitness regime for me. The sexiness and sensuality of nearly naked people, the feeling of the water against your skin, the endorphins that came with a hard session, were all incentives.
And then of course the open communal showers gave me a great opportunity to exhibit myself afterwards. Stripping down to let my thick cock swing around as I lather myself up in front of the other swimmers. I just wish I could show the women my cock!
Anyway, I checked my watch for my times, not bad pace! It had been a tough workout, now time for 3 or 4 cool down laps, just to stretch and slowly bring everything back down.
Pulling myself out the pool I noticed one of the milfs sitting down enjoying a drink post swim. I definitely felt her eyes drink in every inch of my body!
"Good swim?" I asked her, whilst rearranging my package to stick out as boldly as possible.
"Yeah not bad!" she blushed. "Can't swim as quickly as you though - need some lessons I think!"
"Well I can help you out sometime if you like."
She blushed and muttered something about being up for it. I took her phone out of her hand and entered my digits. Saving it as "Speedo Matt" I bade her goodbye and headed towards the locker room.
I got out my shower gel and walked into the shower room. A quiet morning in the pool, so just me in the showers. I didn't mind.
Wetting myself all over I pushed my trunks down and stepped out, before rinsing them under the shower. Squeezing out every drop of moisture possible, I stepped over to one of the hooks provided to hang up the tiny blue briefs.
I squeezed the gel onto my torso before lathering up, firmly kneading my pecs and abs, before moving down to my cleanly shaven cock and balls. Uncut and thick, my cock was a decent seven inches when erect. The girth meant I could please any size queen anyway. As I rubbed in the suds, my cock slowly filled with blood and grew to a semi. I began on my armpits when I heard a voice.
"Eh hem", a tentative interruption met my ears.
I turned to see the hot lifeguard at the entrance to shower room. Her eyes were bulging and conspicuously focussed on my crotch.
"Oh Hi!"
It was the sexy blonde lifeguard, Steph.
I stood there and let her drink in every inch of my firm muscular body. My cock twitched as I observed her tight athletic figure.
"Hi", I replied nonchalantly, making no effort to cover up - I wanted to shock her but also allow her to see everything she wanted to.
"Anyway, I'm just here to check on the shower. Which one was it?" she smiled, trying her best to keep eye contact despite her gaze irrepressibly flitting down to my cock.
Nodding towards the shower head next to me she pressed the button. A pathetic dribble of water came out.
"Just a bit of precum?" I smirked.
Giggling, she leaned towards the pipe.
"Let's just check washers here" she responded as I watched her lean against the wall and saw her lycra-clad ass in full effect.
My cock reacted and engorged to its full length: a girthy seven inches.
Steph stepped back.
"I guess I'll have to call the plum.... OMG!!!"
She stared at my erection as I continued to lather up.
"It's so thick! I could tell you were packing in the pool, but Jesus!"
"Having a look in the pool were you? Do you ogle all your customers?" I asked her teasingly.
This jibe was accompanied by a testy push on her shoulder. I saw that the splashing off the shower had made her leggings wet and transparent.
Jabbing me in the chest she giggled, "well no but you certainly weren't shy! I reckon you get off by being ogled a bit. Here you are showing off to me in the shower! I can see everything!"
"I know, not exactly fair is it? Think you owe me a look of what you've got under those clothes. Better come join me!"
"No! Well, not unless I get a feel of that cock first! May I?"
I casually turned and presented my cock to her. She slowly caressed it with her slender, soft fingers. Throbbing, it remained hard and veiny for her. She wrapped her hand round it....just.
"You're thicker than any guy I've ever had! I wonder if I can fit it in my mouth!"
Dropping to her knees she slowly enveloped my cock with her lips. A tight squeeze, but she fitted it in. Her large strikingly blue eyes met mine as she sucked and bobbed up and down. Wrapping her blonde hair around my fist, I forcefully pressed her down onto my cock. Pressing her lips against the hilt, she gagged and spluttered as she left my cock in a mess of precum and saliva all over her chin.
"Good girl!"
Her puppy dog eyes smiled as she received my praise. I reached down and pulled her top off. A sports bra contained her tits. It was swiftly removed.
Soft, handful-sized breasts spilled out. Small, hard, pink nipples showed her enjoyment. Squeezing and pinching these, I instructed her to stand up.
Spinning her around I peeled down Steph's leggings, playfully slapping her tight, toned ass. Her hands against the wall I pulled the cheeks apart, and slowly traced my tongue around her arsehole. She let out a low moan as her body glistened under the shower.
I reached around to firmly rub her clit, as my tongue began to probe into her tight arsehole. Bucking her hips in pleasure, she squealed and moaned in delight.
"I love having my ass eaten. But I want to return the favour!"
This sexy, confident and athletic young woman took the reins and set me up with my hands against the cold, white tiles.
She parted my soapy cheeks and began exploring my puckered little hole like nobody's business. Reaching around, her toned arm came and grabbed my cock. Pistoning up and down, she tromboned me like this was the best jazz club in town.
I moaned in delight as she slobbered all over my arsehole.
Working me up into a frenzy I demanded, " I need your pussy. Now!"
Switching positions, I took hold of her slim hips and eased my cock in from behind. Her wet, open pussy allowed me to glide in super smoothly. She groaned as I filled up her pussy, right to the hilt. I then picked up speed, smashing against her glutes with every thrust.
"Weren't expecting this when you came in, did you little girl?"
"No...", she groaned, as her tits jiggled in time with my thrusts.
I wanted to dominate her more, to show who was boss and who was going to fuck her stupid. I thought if I picked her up, i could suspend her, controlling her completely. I stood her up, before hoisting each leg over my elbows. Shocked, she grabbed my shoulders for support. I had her legs wide open, in a standing cowgirl position.
She squealed as her entire weight impaled herself on my cock. I began to use my legs to rock her entire body up and down on my dick. Furiously rubbing her clit, she groaned and tensed up.
"OH GOD, DADDY!"
A jet of squirt added to the shower jets, spurting all over the shower room floor.
Suddenly limp and helpless, I let her down before positioning her on her back. I wanted to finish in her, but had had enough pussy for now. Let's finish in her arsehole!
I pulled up her legs and spread her cheeks, using her soaking wet pussy to lube up her arse.
"Ready to have your arse filled with cum?"
"Please daddy!"
I slowly but purposefully eased into her arse. She gasped as her tight hole accepted my girth. Spreading my fingers around her toned midriff to gain some anchorage I thrusted slowly yet deeply into her anal hole.
Her expression slowly changed from discomfort to pleasure as her hole accepted my girthy cock. I felt her tight anal walls grip my cock and milk it, providing me with immense pleasure as I drank in the amazing visual of her athletic body, wet from the shower and sweat, and flushed red with arousal.
I began to gently circle her clit with my thumb, before slowling plunging two fingers inside her, as I pressed up against the upper wall. Bucking her hips with pleasure, I began to realise I was quickly reaching the point of no return. Hips bucking, body writhing, I soon lost control, filling up her ass with hot, sticky cum. Almost simultaneously, her body lost all tension as she gushed squirt all over my crotch, screaming and groaning.
I pulled my cock out of her tight arse, and watched with delight as my cum oozed out of her arse, her chest heaving following the orgasm.
Suddenly footsteps came around the corner.
"Steph, we need you to check the..."
A middle-aged guy in uniform stopped with shock as he drank in the scene...