At the Lake
I have never told this, or any other, story about my wife, as she is entitled to privacy. But with this being an anonymous story board, I thought I would tell a few of her escapades.
My wife's name is Wendy. A cute name for a cute girl.
We met when she was a senior in college and doing an internship in my office. I had a girlfriend at the time, and although Wendy and I were attracted to each other, we didn't go out together, except for lunch a time or two a week. Usually, the other intern was with us, but sometimes we were by ourselves. Because she was my intern, and because I had a girlfriend, I never asked her out. We just did non romantic lunches.
Once we were walking back in the rain. I had an oversized umbrella up, and we were both holding it. She shifted her grip on the umbrella and put her hand over mine. It was if an electric current burned our hands. I later found out she got the same feeling. I still have that umbrella somewhere.
She graduated that August, and about 5 months later my girlfriend and I broke up. So, I called Wendy, we went out and then started going together. Although she had engaged in oral sex with a few guys, she had not had full sexual intercourse, either vaginal or anal. She had a lot to learn.
It took her awhile to learn to reach orgasm during intercourse, but once she did, she took to it like a duck to water. Her comment after the first time: "So that's what it's all about. Wow!"
She is 5' 6" and pretty, with wholesome "girl next door" looks, which make her a poster child for the girl you would want to meet your parents. Wendy has light brown hair and a nice body. She has very fair skin (like a blonde or a redhead), and her eyes are a striking green. When she looks at you, you know you are being looked at. Her breasts are 34 C with a perfect teardrop shape. Her nipples and aureola are small and pale. Her butt is rounded and well shaped with a narrow waist. Her pubic hair is a also a light brown, same as her head hair. Both bleach out some during the summer when she sunbathes naked. Her vulva are nice and full with slightly protruding inner labia just below her clitoral hood. A very nice presentation.
As she is very fair skinned, all of her interior pussy is a bright pink turning to red when she is aroused. She has a cute little asshole that is pink as well.
She grew up in the South in a conservative Baptist family, and was taught to save herself for marriage. She didn't think she would make it that long, but she did want to save herself until she was in love. I happened to be her first love.
Back then she weighed 125 pounds (now 130 pounds) and was in good shape. She enjoyed sex but was normally rather passive until toward the end when she was about to cum. Oh, she humped me back as I was humping her during the act, but she was never the aggressor. She might initiate sex, but once started, she would almost always want me to take over. Sometimes, however, when she was on top, she would set the pace and be in charge. As she was reaching orgasm, she would hump me harder and moan a bit. It was easy to know when she had her orgasms. Sex was fun and satisfying for both of us.
After we had been together a while, I realized she was a budding exhibitionist. When we would go to the lake, she would get naked as soon as we pulled the boat into shallow water. She would sun naked on her air mattress and on the beach. She would get up and walk naked to wherever she wanted to go. Over time, she got braver with her exhibitionism, and enjoyed having sex where she knew she might would be observed.
She was braver than I was. I could usually talk her into finding a more secluded spot for sex, but sometimes not. Once she was naked and sunning herself, she didn't care who pulled up in a boat or walked by. She wouldn't put her bikini back on. Her standard comment to me was, "I was here first." She is now an experienced little exhibitionist, with perhaps several thousand men having seen her naked over the years. A bunch more have seen her topless.
Our favorite cove for nude sunbathing is a relatively small, slightly curved cove about 70' long. We only had one boat join us in this cove the whole time we used it. If there was another boat there when we arrived, we would go elsewhere for privacy. Sometimes fishermen would slowly pass close by while fishing. This didn't faze Wendy one bit. She enjoyed the strangers' eyes on her naked body. She wouldn't cover up or slip in the water. She was there first.
So, on the day the other boat pulled into the cove, we had been there an hour or so. Wendy had gone into the woods to pee. The beach is about 20' wide with a path going back into a small shady clearing about 15' from the beach. She would go beyond this clearing to pee. We used the clearing for other more intimate activities. The boat pulled in while Wendy was in the woods. There were two older couples and a boy, maybe 10 years old in the boat.
I thought, great, now we are separated with her clothes in the boat. When I saw the boat coming toward us, I slipped off my air mattress and sat down in the shallow water. I'm not an exhibitionist, and it does nothing for me to show myself. One of the guys got out of the boat and walked into the woods off to the left of where Wendy had gone in. I had no idea what we were going to do with her separated from me and from her clothes. I need not have worried.
The man was in the woods for a few minutes when he came walking out. About this time I saw Wendy come walking out the woods toward him, about 30' away from him, his boat and from our boat. She was stark naked, of course. I thought, damn girl don't you see the boat and the man walking toward you? Her cute breasts were lightly bouncing, and she had a slight smile on her face. I knew then she had seen the boat and the man. The man stopped dead in his tracks and stared at her. She smiled at him, continued on toward me, paused at the waters' edge, reached down and got her air mattress. I noted that she gave them a very good side view of her hanging breasts as she bent over. She later told me this was intentional.
She got on the mattress with her bare butt sunny side up. She was facing me, with her business end facing the people on the boat. Occasionally her feet would go in the water on either side of the air mattress to reposition herself and to keep the wind from turning her around. When she did that, her pussy would be completely exposed and her lips would open to show some of that pink stuff she has—probably a bright red by now, I thought. I absolutely could not believe what she had done and what she was continuing to do. This was my shy and mostly innocent wife letting these strangers see all of her intimate girl bits.
After a few minutes of this she reached down and found my cock. It was rock hard. She said, "I see you are enjoying this as much as I am." I thought, "Well, maybe not quite as much." I mean, she had a wicked little smile on her face that was flushed. She was obviously aroused.
I knew how wet and red the interior of her pussy would be by now, and wasn't sure I wanted these strangers to see it in that condition. Hell, I wasn't even sure I wanted them to see her naked. This was very early in our marriage before she began to expand her exhibitionism and before I began to be accustomed to it. In fact this was probably her first act of wanton exhibitionism. It was shocking to me, but at the same time it was arousing, as she had noted when she felt my hard dick.
After she found my cock, she began to stroke it. I mean, here she was naked in front of strangers and jacking me off under water. She was brazen. Wendy whispered to me, "Don't cum, I have another plan for you." Yea, Wendy and her plans.
I don't know how long we had been in the water with the other boat there, but it seemed like hours. Wendy continued to stroke me under the water. She said to me, "I'm horny as hell, and if they are still there in 10 minutes, I'm gonna to fuck you right here." That scared me. So much for the wholesome, "girl next door" appearance, and for her passiveness. She then said, "I want to turn over and let them see the front side, but I haven't worked up the courage yet." I was glad she had had no alcohol to drink, or she would already have done it. And probably fucked me as well.
I could tell the situation was escalating beyond my ability to control it, but I was still rock hard. Finally, one guy started pulling up the rear anchor, and the other got out of the boat to push it off from shore. That galvanized Wendy into action. She immediately got on her back on the air mattress so all of her front side was visible to them.
She wasn't content with just lying there on her back and letting them look at her body, She had to put her feet in the water on each side of the air mattress so she could maintain her position without the wind moving her around. This meant her pussy was spread and facing them not 20' away. The guys took their time preparing to leave. All eyes were on Wendy's body. The boat slowly backed out, with everyone getting a good long look, and then started to turn to face the open water. Wendy smiled and waved goodby to them. Both guys and the boy smiled and waved back. I have no idea what the women thought about Wendy's display of raw female sexuality. I have an excellent idea of what the men thought.
When they were gone, I wasn't sure she had actually done what I thought she had done. Then she excitedly started talking about it, and I knew she had actually done it. She said while she was in the woods, she had seen the boat pull in and saw the guy get out of the boat and walk into the woods. She decided to wait until he started back to the boat before she made her appearance, and did her walk, to give him the best view of her nakedness.
Wendy started kissing me, and I knew what was coming. She wanted to fuck me right there in the shallow water, exposed to whoever might pass by in a boat. I wasn't that brave. I stood up, got the towels from the boat and started walking toward the path back to the cleared area where we would have at least some semblance of privacy. I was still on the beach, but right at the beginning of the path, when she stopped me. "Here, right here; this is where I want to do it," she said.
She took the beach towels from me and spread them out where we stood. She slowly pushed me down and stood over me. I could see her wet, red and swollen pussy. I knew then the people on the boat had seen it all and had seen her in her aroused state. I had mixed feelings about that.
While it made me feel a little sick that strangers had seen my heretofore innocent wife in that condition, I also found it intensely arousing. Wendy immediately impaled herself on me and began to fuck me. No foreplay needed. She positioned her breasts over my face. I could see them bouncing as she pounded me. She took one breast and put it in my mouth. "Suck it, suck it hard," she commanded.
I don't know how long it lasted, but it was erotic love making. Nor do either of us know how many, if any boats passed by, or how many, if any, fishermen slowly made their way past us. All I could see were her tits bouncing in my face. She had no way of knowing either, as she was facing away from the water with her pussy and asshole totally exposed to public view. When she came, she came hard, with her loudest and most intense orgasm of our time together so far. So much for her being a passive lover.
That wasn't the only time Wendy exposed herself at the lake and was this aggressive with me, but it was the first and is the most memorable.