I was initially reluctant to relay this story, especially with recent instances of bad behavior by business executives in the press. But, enough time has passed since this event occurred and since Mark agreed to let me post this, I suppose it's okay to tell this story now.
I play golf from time to time with one of the marketing execs for a large medical firm in Kansas City. During one of our outings, he happened to mention he and some other execs were taking a trip to California to play golf and have a series of what he called 'Strategy Meetings'. Laughing, he added that in previous years, these trips had always been an excuse to party away from their wives, spending most of their time in strip bars, on the golf course or cruising the hotel bars looking for women agreeable to one night stands or a mercy fuck.
"We use the corporate jet," he went onto tell me, "it's a non stop party from the time we load up to the time we get back."
As we made the turn at 9 and started up the back side, he was saying that the only thing missing was some good entertainment on the private jet, poking me with his elbow saying "What we really need is a cute chick to warm us up on the flight. Know what I mean?"
I started to laugh, my own mind filling in the blanks as we pulled up to the tee box on 10. Pulling his driver out of his bag he said "You know any hotties that would like to be our Flight Attendant?"
"Hey, only if I get to go." I replied as he walked out to look toward the pin. "Well, if you find us someone, then sure..... you can come along, too.... No problem." With a chuckle, he set up his ball, took his shot and laid up just short of the green. I hate guys that can make those shots at every hole.
After I hit, we got back in the cart and made our way down the cart path to find my ball. As we were looking through the rough, I asked "Are you serious, if I can find you a hottie for your trip, you'll let me go along?"
"Hell yes!" He said. "You find the girl, and you're in. But look, what happens on the trip, stays on the trip. Some of these guys can get kinky and, well.... let me put it this way..... these are some pretty high level dudes getting out to have some fun. They don't want to have any issues when they get back. There's this unwritten rule about everybody joining in so no one can hold this over anyone's head. If you go, you have to learn the secret handshake and take part."
He pulled his sunglasses away from his eyes, looked directly at me and asked "Know what I mean?"
"Oh," I said, "I'm cool with that. What if I told you I may have someone in mind that would.... how should I say it..... fulfill all your requirements?"
"If you can pull that off," he answered, "I guarantee it would be appreciated by these guys and you'll get a ton of golfing invitations out of it. Plus, I might just show you what you're doing wrong with your driver.... maybe you'll spend less time looking for your ball and more time pitching and putting!"
As we played the rest of the holes, we chatted about the course, my new sand wedge and a bunch of other things, but I never forgot about his offer. As we were unloading the cart at our cars, I brought it up again saying "Dave, I'm going to see what I can do about your in-flight entertainment problem. If I can do it, I'm going to expect you to keep your end of the deal."
"Oh, you don't need to worry about that," he said, "these guys have been saying for years how much they wanted to join the 'Mile High' club on one of their trips. If you can do it, I guaran-damn-tee you you're in for a hell of a great time."
What Dave didn't know was that I already had someone in mind: Mark's wife.
I'll call her "J" since I don't want to get her in any trouble where she works or in our town. But, let me tell you this, she is a walking erection generator. She's just as cute as she can be with this really innocent Midwestern look. Every time I see her, my blood pressure drops because all my blood goes right to my cock. She's got perfect breasts topped with the most suckable nipples you've ever seen. I've seen her with a full bush and also when she's been shaved. I've had the opportunity to see her pussy wide open, and believe me, it's sheer heaven.
In the past, I've kidded with Mark telling him how much I would like to just sit and stare at her while I stroke my cock. I know he thinks I'm kidding, but, I'm deadly serious. She's a beautiful girl with a killer body. What I wouldn't give to be the proud owner of a pair of her worn panties!
So if all of that isn't enough, she's intelligent, conversational and just a really sweet girl. Oh, and I forgot one other trait that makes her desirable and attractive. She's an exhibitionist.
I bet you were wondering how I could describe her body in such detail, huh? Well, now you know.
I've had the distinct pleasure of seeing her naked on more than one occasion and each time I've come away with a massive hard-on approaching spontaneous eruption status. Now, don't misunderstand me – this lady is no loose floozy my any means. Mark really watches out for her and protects her when they are out. They are careful along with being playful. I kind of see what they do as a public service to men... you know... it's not everyday you get to see an attractive young lady naked in front of you, letting you look at all her charms. She is truly a vision of beauty and real beauty should be shared with everyone, not kept hidden away.
So, back to the story.......
Once I arrived home from my golf game, I sent Mark an email telling him about Dave and his dilemma. I settled in to wait for a reply. The next day, I was elated to find an email from Mark in my inbox. Not only was he interested, he wanted to get some details. He asked if he could come on the trip, too, about lodging during the trip, what J would be expected to do on the flight out to California and back, and a few more questions that seemed pretty reasonable to me. He finished his note reiterating that they were very interested and as long as they could work out the details, he thought it would be fun.
I cut and pasted Mark's questions into an email to Dave and sent it off. I gave Dave some background on Mark and J, told him a little about her sexy little body, adding that in my book, she's a solid 10.
I started to think about all the possible scenarios that could develop on a private jet with a cute, naked girl, then about the possibilities once we were out in California, hoping I might just get my chance to get to look at J's pussy close up and give her a sniff. And, I mean close close..... as in having my face right between her legs, smelling her sweet pussy juices and pulling my cock. Hell, I don't even care if Mark is standing there watching me yank myself. I know other guys have jacked off looking at her, and I don't think Mark got bent out of shape over it.
The excitement racing through my veins thinking that this might actually happen was more than I could stand. I let my mind wonder into fantasy land as my hand moved to my hard cock. Before long, I was stroking myself as I visualized her handing me her wet panties, laying down and opening her legs wide so someone could fuck her while she sucked on someone else's cock..... maybe mine!
The next day, Dave replied to my email. He answered all of Mark's questions and more. Could Mark come on the trip, too? Definitely. Full lodging for me, Mark and J would be provided at the resort. Full room service privileges included. He told us we wouldn't have to spend one cent of our own money. We were invited to play golf, visit the stores on the resort grounds, go out with the group whenever we wanted, or, we could just do our own thing and charge all expenses to the hotel room. Damn, this was just getting better and better.
Regarding what J would have to do on the plane rides, I could tell that Dave was careful about his wording here saying "What we want is a cute girl that will be open to us looking, touching and enjoying her. We will treat her like a lady, for sure, but you will find that we can be most generous if the boundaries and limits were very liberal."
I forwarded Dave's note over to Mark and called him on his cell phone.
"Mark," I said, "take a look in your inbox. I sent you the answers to your questions." I stayed on the phone with him while he read the note. We chatted for a minute and he said everything looked good, but he still had a question about exactly what kind of boundaries and limits they wanted to be liberal. "Do they want her to suck them off or to fuck her, or what?" he asked. I told him I would find out.
Instead of emailing Dave, I picked up the phone and called his office. When Dave answered, he asked me to hold on for a second so he could close his door and talk privately. Returning to the phone, he said "Okay, I can talk now."
"I spoke with Mark and it look like he and J are considering this." I said. "They saw the answers to your questions, but, Mark wants to know if your guys are just wanting to look and touch, or, if you're talking about sucking and fucking?"
"Ideally," he began, "if this lady is as hot as you say, and she's willing to let us have our way with her, that's what we want. We would want to see her naked, touch her in any way and any place on her body, get blow jobs and have any kid of sex we want, so basically, no boundaries what so ever. Look, we want a hot chick that will do whatever we tell her to do."
"I see," I replied, "You just want her to be your naughty little fantasy girl... right?"
"Well," Dave said, "That's not a bad way to put it. I don't want her to feel like we're a bunch of assholes.... But, I do want to be clear that we're looking for some hot action."
He continued right away, saying "Oh, and this should help them decide.... Just tell your friends that I've been given an 'open checkbook' to make this happen. How about this.... I'll give them a check for $2500 once we land in California if she never says the word 'No'. Plus, I'll give them another $2500 for the return trip for the same level of service. While we're out there, if she'll party with us one full night and never say the word 'No', I'll throw in another $2500."
"Holy shit." I said. "That's seventy five hundred dollars if she'll more or less agree to be at your beck and call for two plane rides and one night!"
"Listen", Dave said, "these guys are top execs and they spend money like it's nothing at all. Any one of these guys could easily drop that much on a trip like this, put it on their expense accounts and no one would question it." Then he went on, saying "I'll tell you what I'll do..... if you help close the deal on this I'll throw in $2500 for you and while we're out there, you can look through the pro shop and pick yourself out a good set of sticks and a new bag – whatever you want."
I was stunned at the way Dave was turning this into a business deal. "You're really serious about this, aren't you?" Once I heard his answer, everything became clear.
"Here's the thing, my friend," Dave said, "the Chief Marketing Officer position is going to be open next month. The current guy is retiring. This is his last trip and he's been one of the biggest proponents of this junket each year. He's also being asked to name his replacement. Putting all of this together is going to seriously improve my chances to slide into his spot. Capish?"
"Okay, Dave," I said, "I understand now."
"Good," he said, "do you think you can wrap this up for us, close the deal and have her on the plane..... shaved, wet, open and ready for action?"
"I'm sure as hell going to try, Dave." I heard him laughing on the other end of the phone. "Oh, one more thing..... this girl is not a hooker, Dave. She's someone's wife and someone I think very highly of. If you guys give her any shit, my bad side will come out and it won't be pretty."
"Don't worry about it," Dave replied, "we'll be perfect gentlemen with her..... we'll just have hard cocks, too."
"Okay, I trust you on that," I said, "Hey, Mark hasn't asked me, but, I'm sure they are going to want some assurance that all of these guys are clean and healthy..... you know, no STDs or anything like that."
"No problem." He said. "I already thought of that. We're a medical company, remember? Our Chief of Medicine is going to examine and then provide certifications that all of us, which, by the way includes both me and you, are free from any kind of thing that might be transmitted orally, by touch, sexual contact or secretions. Will that work?"
"Fuck," I said, "I sure as hell hope so."
"Good," he said, "Okay now, you go close the deal so I can let everyone know we've got it in the bag."
I hung up the phone and called Mark immediately. I gave him all the details Dave gave me. There was a long silence on the other end of the phone before he said "Is he shitting me? $7500 and a trip to a resort in California with absolutely no expenses? I'll check with J, but, I'm almost positive we're in."
"Okay," I replied, "When will you know?"
"Let me call you later tonight," he said, "and, oh, by the way.... what do you get out of this?"
I thought about lying to him or making up some story, but, I consider him my friend so I told the truth. "Dave's offered me $2500 to get you to agree and a free set of golf clubs from the Pro Shop out there."
I waited for him to say something.
"So," he said, "he's giving YOU $2500 if you convince me to let them live out their private sex fantasies with MY wife for a week?"
I could tell from the tone of his voice that he wasn't happy. "Mark, take it easy, it's not how it sounds. He just wants me to try to convince you and J to do this and he's willing to compensate you very well if you do. I didn't ask for the money or the clubs. Believe me, I would be more than satisfied just to be able to look at J again and play some golf at a high class resort. In fact, the money isn't important to me at all. If it's a problem, you can have the money."
"Hold on, man!" Mark laughed. "I'm just giving you some shit.... Can't you tell I'm kidding! I guess you deserve a finder's fee, right?" Now it was my turn to laugh...... and let out a sigh of relief.
Mark called me back that night.
"Okay," he said, "You can call your friend Dave back and tell him he's got himself his fantasy girl for a week. She'll be ready to do anything anyone wants. They can get as nasty as they care to. She won't say 'No' to anything, but, we do have three conditions. First, no pictures or cameras except mine will be allowed. Second, we need some assurance that all these guys are clean and don't have any kind of diseases, and third..... no outside people. Just the people from his company that are on the trip and once the trip is over, we all part and go our separate ways. Can you get them to agree to all of that?"
"No problem," I said, "I'll get working on that. So...... is J okay with all of this?" I asked.
"Oh, hell yes!" he said, "As long as we can get those last few things agreed to. We talked it over completely and it's a perfect opportunity for both of us to realize some of our favorite fantasies. Personally, I would love to see her with other men... to see the way she excites them and watch her be sexual with them. She's a damn sexy woman, you know? Just the thought of guys lining up for her to suck them off, or to fill her full of cum... damn, that would be so hot."
We finished our phone call and I spoke to Dave quickly on his cell phone to wrap things up. "No problem!' he said. "We'll have the papers from the doctor in a day or so, and I'll let everyone know about the camera thing. Tell them both we appreciate it and rest assured, we're not going to do anything to make them regret their decision."
Dave gave me the particulars about the dates and locations plus everything we needed to know about the corporate jet and told me he would make arrangements for the payments. With only a week before the trip, everything was looking pretty good.
I spoke with Mark and Dave twice each during the next week. The trip was going to start on Sunday, so on Friday I called Mark one last time to make sure everything was set. "Sure, we're looking forward to it," he said, "in fact, she's over getting a Brazilian wax job right now. She wants to be all smooth and hairless so they can see her pussy better. She's really getting into it."
We chatted for a few more minutes and Mark told me how they had been fantasizing together about her sucking cock after cock, cum spewing all over her face and opening her legs to let each of them take turns at her pussy. "Mark, you know her pussy is going to be filled with cum by the time that plane lands, don't you?"
"Hell yes!" He answered. "I get so hard thinking about that. I want to see her literally dripping cum from between her legs. Man, last night while we were humping I asked her if she was ready to be fucked by a string of hard cocks lusting only for her. As soon as I asked her, she had a huge orgasm and screamed louder than I've ever heard her scream. So, yeah..... I sure hope she's going to be pumped pretty full."
"Let me ask you this," he said, "do you want to go first, in the middle, or last?"
Now, in all the time I've known Mark and J, I've never known him to let anyone else actually fuck J. He might have let someone briefly touch her, but, I didn't think he'd let anyone fuck her. His question, though, brought home the reality of what was going to happen and the real possibility of ME fucking her, too. As I thought about it, he asked "You DO want to fuck her, don't you?"
"Oh yeah," I said, "it's just that it didn't really set in until now that I might be able to.... I mean.... that you would let me fuck her."
"Well," Mark said, "I know she wants you to, and I want you to. The only questions remaining are...... do YOU want to, and if so, do you want to be first, last or somewhere in the middle?"
"Mark," I said, "can I be honest with you?"
"Yeah, sure." He answered.
"I've always had this fantasy to go down on a woman right after I've fucked her. You know, when she's all juicy and wet....... kind of a cream pie kind of thing."
"That's fucking sick!" Mark replied, "I should have known you were a perverted bastard!"
I didn't know what to say. His comment floored me and I was at a loss for words, now regretting what I had said.
"Come on," Mark said, "I'm just kidding ya. I know some guys like that stuff. Tell you what," Mark continued, "I've always heard that a woman appreciates a man that can clean up his mess, so, if you want to go first and then give her a good lick job, that's fine with me."
"Hey, Mark, you can't blame me for wanting to fuck her and go down on her, too. Granted, I could reverse the sequence and eat her out first, but, I just think that if a woman is okay to taste herself or kiss a guy after he's licked her, it should be okay for a guy to do about the same thing."
As we spoke he told me more of his fantasies about seeing her naked in front of other men, or, watching as she laid back, opening her legs to reveal a pair of soaking wet panties filled with cum. "She's going to really get into this," Mark told me, "this is one of her greatest fantasies, too.... and what better way to do it than with a bunch of guys that have already been checked out and are drooling at the mouth to be with someone as cute as she is?"
I couldn't have agreed more. This was a hell of an opportunity for everyone. The execs were going to get their suck and fuck fun, J was going to get a chance to live out some of her exhibitionist fantasies, Mark was going to finally see others get turned on by his wife and I might get to have my cream pie fantasy.
"Damn," I said to myself, "It just doesn't get any better than this. Who could want more?"
Finally, Sunday arrived. As I drove to the small airport where they kept their corporate jet, Mark called my cell phone. "Hello?" I said.
"Look in your rear view mirror." He said.
When I did, I saw Mark's SUV right behind me. "It looks like you've got yourself a hot woman sitting there next to you, Mark..... "
"You don't know the half of it," Mark said, "she's naked from the waist down. She's been blowing me ever since we left the house. She won't let me cum, though."
"I think you need to send the little cutie up here to ride with me, Mark! Especially if she's showing her pussy off" I said. "I mean, for safety sake, you need to concentrate on your driving."
"Okay, you convinced me... at the next light we stop at, I'm sending her up to your car to ride the rest of the way to the airport." Then he hung up. I took it as an idle threat – or teasing - just joking around with me before things got started on the plane.
As we approached the next traffic light, it turned yellow and finally red. I looked in my rear view mirror and he was flashing his lights at me. As we stopped at the light, damn if his passenger side door didn't open and out stepped J. She closed the door and started walking toward my car. Sure enough, she was dressed only in a light top and shoes, and carrying something in her hand. Although it was only 8:15 in the morning, there were still other cars on the road and I thought this was a ballsy thing to do. I reached over and pulled the latch so the door would open for her. As the door popped open, she held it for a moment and looked in at me and smiled. "I need a lift to the airport. Any chance you're going that way?"
I was surprised she didn't just jump right in to conceal her exposed ass and pussy. But, having seen her naked in public before and knowing her poise and confidence, it hit me that there was absolutely no reason for her to be in a hurry. She was beautiful and she knew it. She was giving us all a special present by letting whoever was able to see her have a good long look.
"Holy Fuck!" I said, "Damn straight, Lady. It just so happens that's exactly where I'm going. Hop in."
As she got in, the light turned green and I started to accelerate slowly away from the light. Mark pulled into the lane next to me, waved to us and then zoomed ahead of me. "Damn, Girl," I said, turning to look at J, "you forgot to get dressed!"
"Well, you've got Mark to thank for that." She told me. "We were late getting away from the house because he just had to get his rocks off one last time.... He told me just to grab my clothes and dress in the car. Once we were on the road, that's when we saw you."
"So, where's the rest of your clothes?" I asked.
She held up a flimsy excuse for a skirt and dangled it from her hands for me to see. If I didn't know better, I would have sworn it was one of those little mesh, see through dance skirts that ballerinas wear. It was very small and very see through.
"Oh, I like it!" I said, "But, is that all you're going to wear?"
"No, I brought some panties, too." As she giggled, she turned her legs toward me, leaned back against the door and spread her legs wide. There..... between her legs, I could see something hanging down between her pussy lips. I looked at her with a quizzical look on my face as she reached down and began to pull on it. Before too long, I could tell that she had stuffed her panties up into her vagina and was sensuously pulling them out, ever so slowly.
"Oh, fuck," I said, "I can't believe I'm watching this."
She started to giggle again. "Yeah, I have to admit this was Mark's idea. He told me what a panty freak you are." She stopped pulling when the panties were about half way out and looked at me. "He was thinking you might get off on helping me get dressed the rest of the way." She added.
"He's sure right about that." I replied. "So, tell me... are those panties wet?" I asked.
"Uh, well..... yeah." She said. "They might have some of his cum on them, too."
"Hmm," I said, "maybe we should just push them back in until we get to the airport.... I think they would be much more..... uh, how should I say it..... 'aromatic' if they had more time inside you, don't you think?"
"Jeez, you guys are all alike," J said, "I swear, when I get back from this trip, I'm gonna quit my job and sell my worn panties on E-bay! I'll be a millionaire in 6 months."
"And I'll be your first customer!" I exclaimed. "But, in the mean time, do you mind if I..... uh.... sort of help you put those back where they belong?"
I could see by the look in her eye and the smile on her face that she anticipated my request. Slowly, she scooted over toward me, keeping her legs spread as best she could. When she was close enough, I reached out to lay my hand over her mound. Her panties, while still stuffed part way into her baby soft vagina, flowed out between her lips and as I gently ran my fingers up and down her labia, I could also feel the wetness of her panties. Very slowly (since I was still driving), I used my middle finger to gather up a small amount of the panty and gently pushed it back into her. Little by little I pushed the garment into her slit until just a tiny bit of the material stuck out.
My cock was rock hard and it was throbbing inside my pants. I was contemplating pulling it out to relieve myself when my cell phone rang. "Hey, where are you guys?" It was Mark.
"Oh hi, Mark," I said, "we had a bit of a costume malfunction and had to take care of it."
"Yeah, I bet you did." Mark said. "Look, I'm pulling into a fast food place up ahead of you on the right. What do you say we stop and get some coffee? It's still another 30 minutes to the airport."
"That sounds good," I said, "are we going inside or do you want to do the drive through?"
Thinking a minute, Mark said "Actually, at this time of the morning, I bet that place is totally empty. Let's just park and go inside. Tell J I said to put her skirt on. We might as well have a little fun before she has to go to work. And, tell her I said not to cover herself when she goes in and to act totally normal. Oh, and you guys sit together a few tables across from me. She'll understand what I mean."
I told J what Mark said, and she immediately laughed. She held up the skirt again and I could easily see through it, so I knew what it was going to look like when she wore it into the fast food joint. It was highly unlikely she was going to look anything close to 'normal'.
Pulling into the parking lot, we saw Mark as he disappeared through the door. As we parked, she brushed her hair, slipped the skirt up her legs and wiggled into it. Just sitting there in the car next to me, I could plainly see through the skirt. I suppose technically she could say she was dressed, but, the truth of the matter was that anyone in the restaurant was going to clearly see her cute little bottom and her pussy. I didn't think it was possible, but my cock got harder.
I waited for a minute to see if she was going to chicken out. She looked at me, hunched her shoulders, smiled and said "Ready if you are."
"You know your bare pussy is going to show, right? Are you sure you want to do this?" I asked.
She didn't answer me, but asked, "Do you have a hard-on?" She reached over to rub her hand over my crotch to feel my cock. "Hmm, it's flattering to know I've got you so excited. Here, feel me....."
She took my hand and slipped it between her legs and pressed it against her vagina. "Do I feel wet?" She asked.
Even though her panties were stuffed inside her and soaking up her wetness, I could feel the slippery wetness of her juices seeping out around them, coating the lips of her labia. If the panties hadn't been stuffed in her pussy, she would have been leaking profusely all over my car seat, so, yeah, she was wet. She was sopping wet.
"Look," she said, "the only cars in the parking lot are ours. There's no one in there but the guys that work here. Do you think they are going to complain?"
She had a good point. Hell, I know I wouldn't complain. If anything, I would be thanking her. It still sounded a little risky to me, though.
"When we're done in there, you'll be harder and I'll be wetter. Come on, it'll be fun! Let's just go in there and order our coffee. We'll sit across from Mark and see if we can give someone a thrill. Trust me, Mark's not going to let anything happen to get either of us in any kind of trouble. He would already be out of there if he didn't think it was going to work. And just so you know, I wouldn't mind if you told me to masturbate for you while we're in there."
Now, honestly, I have never turned down the chance to see a woman masturbate, much less anyone as cute as J. Plus, the way she was talking, there was no doubt in my mind that she was okay with it. I looked at her and simply said "Okay, let's go."
As she stepped out, the bright sunlight shone through her skirt like there was nothing there at all. Stepping out myself, I walked around the car to find her waiting for me. Taking my arm, we walked to the doors and as I held the door open for her, she whispered "Let's take a few moments to decide what we want, shall we?"
She had a very mischievous look on her face, and it became clear what she was up to. My hard-on throbbed in my pants as we walked in. I couldn't believe she was doing this!
Looking around, I could tell she was right. There was virtually no one in the fast food place. Just two guys behind the counter and Mark, who I saw sitting at a small table against the windows, with his back to us. Walking in front of the counter, we stood back about 15 feet and pretended to look up at the menus. She shifted her weight, crossed her arms over her chest and stood with her legs spread a little, just enough to see the gap between her legs and her rounded vulva under the skirt. The two guys behind the counter stood there with shocked, dumbfounded looks on their faces and their jaws hanging open.
Keeping to our plan, she asked me "Do you know what you want?"
"I'm not sure yet.... How about you?" I answered.
"Maybe just coffee since it's so early," she said, "I'm not really that hungry."
"Yeah," I agreed, "that sounds good."
We moved up to the counter in front of one of the guys working there. He broke himself out of his stupor, lifting his eyes from J's pussy, and addressed us. "Can I help you?" he asked.
"Just two coffees, please." I asked.
As I paid for the coffees, he told us that they were brewing a new pot and asked if we minded waiting for a few minutes. J was quick to say "No problem, we'll just go sit and talk. Can you bring them to us?"
"Yes," he said, "It will be just a minute or two."
J took my arm and we walked to a table with four chairs that was just beyond Mark. She sat facing him and the counter. I sat in a chair that was diagonal to her, pretending to look out the window into the fresh morning light. Turning to her, I asked "Are they still looking at you?"
She smiled. "Uh-huh," she nodded, "Do you think I should give them a little show?"
"Oh, definitely," I answered, "Why don't you just let your legs open up, I'm sure they'll notice." She shifted in her seat and I knew she was opening her legs to allow them to see her pussy. "I'll be right back." I said.
I rose from the table and quickly glanced at Mark. His eyes were riveted under our table, looking at J's exposed pussy. I smiled when he looked up at me and walked right past him toward the counter. The guy that waited on us had already seen her, too. He looked at me as I approached. "Can we get some cream and sugar? Some napkins, too?" I asked.
Looking again at J's display, he reached down to get me a few packets of sugar and creamer. As I reached for the napkins I said "She's cute, huh?"
"Damn, I'll say!" He answered. "Does she do this a lot?"
"Hell no," I answered, both of us now looking toward J as she sat there with her bald pussy completely exposed, "she'd be attacked everywhere she went if she did that all the time. Look, uh.... here's the deal..... she lost a bet and in order to pay up, she has to masturbate in a public place with someone watching. We were kind of thinking she could do it here. I mean..... it's Sunday morning, no one is here except that other guy.... so... do you mind? You guys can watch if you want to..."
"Oh, no problem at all." He said, "when is she going to do it?"
"Well, I'd like to get her out of here as quickly as possible, it's starting to get later and later with every minute, " I explained, "so, why don't you talk to your friend and you two come over when you're ready. Hey, do you have our coffees ready?"
He put the lids on the freshly poured coffee cups and slid them to me. "Don't be long," I said, "Someone could come in and ruin it..."
With that, I turned and started to make my way back to the table where J was. After I turned, she pulled her little skirt completely up to her waist and lewdly spread her legs giving me the best possible view of her pussy. I smiled broadly knowing she was playing right into my plan. When I got back to the table and sat the coffees down, I told her what I'd said to the guy behind the counter. "Ooohh," she said, "so..... you set me up, 'eh?" Nodding, I told her I wasn't kidding, and there was no way she was getting out of it.
About that time, the guys from the counter walked up. As they stood next to us, I looked at J and asked "Are you ready to pay off your bet?"
She acted shy, and in a soft voice said "Yes, I am." I turned to look at Mark and said "Excuse me Sir, do you want to see this chick play with her pussy?"
Mark pretended to be shocked, but, nodded his head. I stood up and saw a large table on the other side of the eating area, out of view from the main counter. "Okay, time to pay up then...." I said, reaching for her hand.
I pulled her up and led her over to the large table. "Take your shirt off and hand it to me, please. You have to be completely naked while you do this or it doesn't count."
J pulled her shirt over her head and immediately reached for her breasts. As she gently squeezed them, I told her to take the skirt off, too, and then lie back on the table. The restaurant guys and Mark quickly surrounded her as I told her to "Open up and get started."
She closed her eyes and opened her legs for us. I didn't expect her to open up that wide, but, she really opened up for us. When her pussy lips separated a little, Mark pointed to the edge of the panties that were hanging out of her lips and asked "What's that?"
"Her panties," I said, "She stuffed her panties up into her pussy so she could get them soaking wet for me. Pretty hot, huh?"
They all agreed and J began to slowly touch herself. I reached between her legs and started to stuff the panties all the way into her, which drew a surprised look of shock from J. I told her to stop touching herself for a second until I was finished. It only took me a few seconds to push the rest of her panties up into her little pussy and when I was finished, I pulled my finger out of her and opened her pussy lips for everyone to see. I stretched her open, holding a pussy lip in each hand so they could see how pink she was and get an unobstructed view of her clit with the lips pulled away. What the hell, I thought, if she really wanted to be an exhibitionist, I was sure going to see to it that she was fully and completely exposed. I wasn't sure if Mark was going to hit me or thank me, but, it was obvious he was enjoying the show because he was rubbing his cock through his jeans.
We watched as J started to really get into it, rubbing her pussy up and down, circling around her clit and then down her pussy lips again. She kept glancing at all of us, scanning our eyes to see where we were looking. She raised her knees up to her chest giving us a very wide open view of her pussy and her little brown hole. Soon, her pussy lips were coated with juice despite the way her panties had been stuffed up into her...... her fingers were flying across her clit and her breathing was choppy. Before long, her head was moving from side to side and her eyes were closed. It was so hot watching her touch herself.... we were all staring at her distended lips and her finger playing with her clit when she started to buckle and shake.
"OOOHHHH," she moaned, "I'm going to cum soon, I'm going to cum!"
I'm not sure what caused me to do it, but, as soon as she said she was getting close, I thrust two fingers into her pussy and yanked her panties out in one motion. Her eyes flew open but her fingers went right back to work on her clit.
I held her panties to my nose and smelled her juices as she brought herself off. "OH, FUCK!" She groaned. "OH, YEAH!" We watched in rapture as she diddled herself to the end, all the while keeping her legs open so we could easily see her wet sex.
We all looked at each other as she laid there panting and shaking while her orgasm subsided. After a minute or so, a slight blush overtook her chest and I moved up to where I could lightly tease and pinch her erected nipples. Apparently my touch set her off and she plunged two fingers deeply into her wet pussy. "Oh, yes," she said, "pinch my nipples just like that!"
While we thought her show was over, she had other ideas. She was driving her fingers into her pussy in a very deliberate fashion now, fucking herself with them. I began to pull straight up on her breasts, shaking them slightly from side to side as I held them up by her nipples. She started to gasp and thrash her legs as her fingers sunk into her pussy time after time. I quickly looked at Mark to make sure he was okay with what I was doing to his wife and saw that he had pulled his cock from his pants and was stroking it while he watched.
Gesturing to Mark so I wouldn't have to let go of J's nipples, I told him to move up close to J's face. When he did, I told her she had to suck his cock saying "Before you can be done, you have to suck this guy's cock and make him cum."
Mark moved closer to her mouth and as she opened up for him, he put his hand behind her head and pushed her head onto his waiting cock. She sucked him for a few seconds until he withdrew from her mouth and stroked himself for a minute and then fed his cock back into her mouth. She took him deep for about a half a minute until he once more withdrew and began stroking himself again. They repeated this sequence two more times until Mark said he was about ready to cum.
As he moved himself into her mouth again, J started to cum. It was a hell of a sight.... She was still thrusting her fingers into her pussy, I was still pinching her nipples, and she was cumming – moaning very loudly. Mark was holding her head down on his cock and then, just as if it was a porno movie, Mark started to cum. I could hear J making these very slight gurgling sounds as his cum shot into her mouth.
As their cums passed, Mark hurriedly put his cock back into his pants, zipped up and said he had to go. Without saying another word, he walked past us and out to his SUV. I looked down at J, still lying there with a very contented and satisfied look on her face, and said "I guess you're all paid up now.... what do you guys think?"
I turned to the guys from behind the counter and waited for their answer. They were both speechless and just nodded, both still in awe of what they had just seen.
I saw Mark pull out of the parking lot and turn out to the main road. "I think we need to go," I said to J, "it's going to start getting crowded in here soon."
I pulled her up off the table, thanked and said goodbye to our two voyeurs and quickly led J out the door, still holding her shirt and skirt. Since she was completely naked, I walked us to the car as quickly as possible, let her in and then jumped in myself.
I started the car and made my way out of the parking lot and out to the main road. I turned to look at her to see she had a huge grin on her face and was starting to move over next to me. The next block up we ran into a red light. Turning to her, she was still grinning but hadn't said anything yet. She leaned even closer to me, and what she did next totally blew my mind.
She pulled me into her and pressed her lips to mine. Out of reflex, I returned her kiss only to find that she opened her mouth and thrust her tongue past my lips. I felt her mouth open as we kissed and as I opened mine, she passed me a mouthful of Mark's cum.
I was just about to have a spontaneous ejaculation as we kissed..... but there was a car behind us and he was honking his horn because the light had turned green and we were still sitting there. She pulled away from the kiss and said "You can thank Mark for that little surprise.... It was his idea..... he told me you might like it."
As I pulled away from the light, she started pulling on her skirt and then her shirt. Laughing, she told me how surprised I looked when she kissed me and then asked if I enjoyed it. "Are you kidding? I'm just about to cum in my pants," I replied, "are you going to finish me off?"
I had no sooner finished my sentence when she was working at my jeans trying to get them open. She fished my cock out of my underwear and started to stroke my steel-on. As we drove, she told me how turned on she was at the restaurant and how naked she felt laying on the table and playing with herself in such as exposed situation. As we talked, she kept stroking me. As we approached the turnoff for the airport, she asked me if I was ready to get some relief.
I have her a sideways glance and she just smiled and told me to tell her when I was getting ready to cum. We were on the airport grounds now and I was trying hard to decipher and follow the directions Dave gave me to their corporate jet when she suddenly bent down and sucked my cock into her mouth. I couldn't take it anymore..... between seeing her so openly displayed, seeing her panties in her pussy, touching her, and the show I witnessed at the fast food restaurant, I was about to blow. I found a place to pull over and leaned back and just let her suck me. It wasn't long before I felt that wonderful feeling starting to build. I put everything else out of my mind and just let the feeling overtake me. Shortly, I felt it coming..... building inside my balls until I knew it was unstoppable. I blew my load into her mouth, spurt after spurt until I was draining myself down her warm and talented throat.
Sitting up, she smiled and looked at her watch. I took that as a sign that we needed to get going. Luckily for us, we were only a minute from the place Dave told us to park. As we pulled in, we found a parking spot next to Mark's SUV. When I shut off my car, Mark walked up and opened J's door. "What took you guys so long?" he asked.
Both J and I laughed, and even though neither one of us said anything to Mark about the way she gobbled down my cock, I felt he must have somehow known.
Ahead of us I saw Dave waving and motioning for us to 'come on'. So, in as much as I wanted to keep them, I reluctantly handed J her panties and she slipped them on under her wisp of a skirt. She looked absolutely 'hard cock sexy' standing there next to my car and there was a definite aroma of sex emanating from her..... that unmistakable aroma of an excited female!
This was going to be one wild week!