Hi guys Nikitha here again. Thanks for all the lovely comments, they are great to keep me going. I've tried to improve on any criticisms of length and involving more characters. I hope I'm doing better and comments are always welcome. Cheers!
Please read my previous stories to understand what's going on.
I will give a brief description of myself for your imagination to start off. I had a slim frame with 34-D boobs which stood up with perky unusually long nipples. My slim waist quickly broadened into a tight ass that shook just a bit when I walked. I am a little dusky by complexion but have beautiful and luscious lips, big eyes and long hair which reached till my ass. Continuing with the story...
After the first time we had sex, I started to let Ayush fuck me whenever he wanted. He started to get more and more bold as well. I usually went to sleep naked now. I started to get woken up in the morning to the feeling of his cock entering my pussy and get fucked nice as slow. The first thing out of my mouth in the morning would be a moan as I pitched my nipples as he drilled me. He would speed up and ram me until he climaxed inside me. Sometimes he would cum on my chest and sweaty tits.
He left me breathless and satisfied as a well fucked wife while he went and made coffee for me. I licked the cum of my chest or my dripping pussy as he brought me my bed coffee with his dick swinging. I would give it a light rub as I gulped the coffee down. This would be our usual ritual after which I went to take a shower. He would sometimes join me if he wasn't working on something.
Then i would get dressed and we would get in our taxi for work. Ayush started to get a lot of work and hence he was usually very late and tired by the time he came home. So our nights were mostly uneventful.
I told my friend Neha about everything we did, sending her pictures once in a while. She was always amazed by the size of Ayush's cock. She started to send me pics as well, and now I started getting curious. She showed me wild and crazy positions and things that were really kinky. Our friendship seemed to be getting to another level of intimacy now. She hopes she can come to Bangalore when she is free to meet up.
One day I woke up to not find a nice big cock in me and was mildly surprised. I shrugged and went to the front room, my perfect tits bouncing. Ayush's door was closed. I took a shower and was walking out when I saw that Ayush was sitting at the table very serious looking as he worked. I went up to him and placed my hand on his shoulder but he didn't respond. I got a little annoyed and went into my room.
How dare he ignore me. After all the things I let him do to me. I felt angry and opened my cupboard to get dressed for office. I then had an idea. I needed to show that asshole what he was missing out on. I had recently gone shopping and had bought a particularly short skirt. It was a shiny grey in colour which flared out with pleats. But I never had the courage to wear it because it ended just below my ass and would definitely lift up showing my gorgeous butt as I walked. But in my pissed off state I put it on and a set of panties. I then wore a pushup bra and a silk shirt. Looking in the mirror I looked amazing with most of my milky thighs on show.
I walked out of the room to Ayush, packing up his laptop to go to the office. He looked wide eyed seeing me in my attire. His expression and his big bulge cooled me down a bit and I went up to him. I ran my hand on his bulge and felt the heat in my pussy. I then stood facing the table. I spread my legs and kept my palms on the table. I leaned downward keeping my legs straight to give Ayush a clear view of half my ass. I turned, looked at him and smiled.
"Don't you want to fuck me today?" I said.
He left his laptop bag on the chair and came up behind me. I moved backwards and felt his pants on my bare ass. I wiggled a bit letting my ass shake. Ayush kept his hand on my but, pressing as much as he could. He then made his finger into a hook and put it in my panties. I shivered as I felt his knuckle press on my pussy. Suddenly he jerked backwards fast, and my delicate panties tore and came away with his hand.
"Ouch Ayush!" I cried in surprise.
The next thing I felt was a deep surge as he rammed his full cock into me in one full swing. I almost leapt upwards at this onslaught. He grabbed my tit and rammed me hard and fast. I had to hold onto the table to take the attack. I could not believe this was Ayush and was scared. He was groping and pressing my tits as he rammed me. I slowly started to feel really hot across my whole body and felt my eyes slide back with this new sensation.
"Ahhhhhhhh Ayush! Ahhhhhh..fuck me harder! Yesss! Make me cum baby!" I screamed as he continued even faster with my encouragement.
I shuddered as I felt my climax coming. I tried to put my hand on his chest to make him stop ramming but he didn't. I came as he continued to fuck me. As I shuddered and lost my grip on the table, he took hold of both my tits to stop me from falling. My legs weakened and the entire weight of my body was jumping on his cock. My eyes blurred and rolled back as I felt the best sensation of my entire life. I then felt Ayush stop and his warm cumm flood my pussy. We both stayed like that for about a minute, panting, his hands still on my breasts holding me upright and his cock slowly sliding out, letting his cum flow on my thighs.
"Thanks Nikitha! I needed that. Today is an important day." he said.
I turned around my head and kissed him. Our tongues played and sucked on each other and he pressed my nipples. We suddenly heard a ringing sound.
"Oh shit! It's our taxi! We need to go immediately," he said.
He let go of me and took all his stuff. He grabbed my hand and my laptop bag and dragged me out of the flat. We were literally running to the elevator. Only after inside did he look at me. I was flushed and he could see a shiny line on both sides of my thighs.
"Im sorry Nikitha, I can't be late today," he said and gave me his handkerchief.
"Well then I guess I'm going commando to the office," I said and rubbed the cumm off my thighs and pussy.
"I'm really sorry," he said.
"It's ok. You need to do that to me more often," I said and settled down my skirt as the elevator door opened.
Once we reached our office, Ayush quickly went ahead to his tower while I went into mine. I was in a constant state of terror and exhilaration at the same time knowing that I was walking onto my office in a very short skirt under which was my naked pussy. It was an alien feeling to feel the absolute nakedness of my clit as I walked under the air curtains leading into my office tower. I recognized one of my colleagues Vicky and said hi as we got into the elevator with a few others.
"So how is your job going? I can see you are settling in comfortably," he said, looking up and down at my tight blouse showing the curves of my body and my very visible dusky thighs.
"Yes I am doing well, loving the work," I said, very conscious of his stare and trying to adjust the fleets of my skirt. Showing off to timid Ayush was very different from the dominating stare of this guy.
I had a meeting in the morning and quickly hurried for it. It was quite important for me to impress the members of this meeting. I wanted to really put out the things I had been working on and my knowledge of the business.
While the meeting was going on I tried to make myself seen but a scrawny guy with glasses kept interrupting and overshadowing me. I didn't know which team he was from but it pissed me off. In between we recessed for a short break and I saw him hurriedly get up and go out of the meeting hall. I followed him out and he went into the copy room. I wanted to give him a piece of my mind. But as I walked in I cooled down and realised it's not like he did anything wrong although I did want to do something. I walked in and smiled when I saw he was the only one there.
There were two large printers and he went towards the last one. As I walked upto the adjacent one, I pulled up the waistline of my skirt much higher. Since it was elastic it came up easily. I pulled it up until I could feel the lower hem of the skirt touch the bottom of my ass. I felt my heart beating faster as I went up to the machine.
"Hi, I've never seen you here. You're not in our team right?" I asked.
When he turned around and looked at my smiling face, I knew I got the reaction I needed. I was holding the sides of the machine and curving my back as much as I could to push my ass out. What he would have seen is my right profile, the curves of tits clearly seen on my tight blouse. But most importantly, most of my entire right leg was exposed, the muscles of my dusky thigh. I'm sure he also got a glimpse of just the start of my ass which probably looked extra thick the way I arched my back.
"No, Ummmm..I joined here this week from a partner company," he said. His mind and eyes were in a constant fight as to whether to look at my face, my tits, or my ass.
I thought maybe I could make the decision for him. I let paper fall to the floor and got on my knees. I bend the upper half of my body close to the floor while taking the paper. This made the skirt completely ride up and exposed my entire bare, pantyless ass to him. He could clearly also see the folds of my clean shaven pussy between my legs. I got up again and smiled when i saw his dumb struck face and the bulge in his pants.
"That should make sure he's distracted for the rest of the meeting," I thought and smiled.
"Oh that's nice, great to have you on the team," I said and kept the paper on the machine and turned to go towards the exit. I froze when I saw Vicky standing there smiling.
The other guy quickly picked up his copies and went out passing Vicky. I walked upto the door when Vicky blocked me. He kept his hand on my bare thigh and pressed it as I remembered I hadn't moved my skirt down yet.
"I didn't know you were this comfortable here," he said, slowly moving his hand up my thigh and under my skirt.
"Vicky please no," I said meekly, my breathing became quicker as I felt the tip of his finger reach my naked pussy. He slid a finger along my folds and I let out a moan as he pushed in a little.
"Vicky please not right now," I pleaded looking at him.
"Come to my seat after the meeting or I'll tell everyone about your aversion to panties," he said and removed his hand. I pulled my skirt down and went to the meeting not able to even think of what Vicky would want. During the rest of the meeting, my manager would have been curious as to what happened to the two people who were the most active during the first half of it.
Once the meeting was over I headed over to Vicky. Each of us in the office had a partitioned cubicle area for ourselves, with partitions about chest height. There was just enough space for two rolling chairs and a table. A small gap existed for people to walk into the partition. I walked in and Vicky turned around smiling.
"Sit and face me," he said, pointing to the other chair. I sat down and turned and faced him.
"I am guessing you understand the situation you are in and will listen to me. Am i right?" he asked.
"Please Vicky, You don't understand. My panty actually ripped accidentally on the way here. It was just a mistake. Please forget about this," I said pleadingly.
"While that might be true. That does not explain the little strip show you gave the new guy. That's the display of a proper cock tease I would say. So I don't think you have any explanation for that," he said.
I just sat there with my head lowered. I felt him put his hand between my legs and pull the chair towards him. Once I was as close as possible he stopped and took his hand away.
"Now I want a proper view of that pussy," he said.
I had been quite scared thinking of how i was going to explain what had happened with a lot of scenarios playing out in my head. But once I realised I don't have a way out of this, I thought I might as well do what he says. So I slowly spread my legs as much as the seat would allow, giving Vicky a clear view of my shaven pussy. I liked the reaction on his face and relaxed back into the chair. My back facing the entrance and the skirt made sure that only VIcky could see anything. Although anyone looking over from the next cabin might catch me. The thrill made the situation a lot more of a turn on for me and I waited for him to do something.
He pretended to look at his laptop for appearance sake I guess. But his hand went in between my legs and this time he used his fingers to rub against my pussy. I wasn't very wet yet so his fingers felt very rough. But I was getting a little buzzy from thinking of exposing myself in the office.
As I felt him try to put a finger in, I got hold of his hand. He looked at me. I took his hand to my face. Then I put his index and middle finger in my mouth and gently sucked and licked them. He looked wide eyed behind me and back at me. Once I got them nice and wet, I took them back to their original position at the entrance of my pussy.
This time when he tried, his fingers went in smoothly. He went uptill his first knuckle when I shuddered a bit. He moved his fingers out and went back in, gently finger fucking me. I held the chair as I felt the orgasmic sensations take hold of me and I forgot the situation and place I was in. I closed my eyes and felt him try to pick on a button of my shirt. I took his hand and opened the center button that just gave a peek of my bra inside. As he moved his hand up to open more, I stopped him.
He seemed satisfied enough, and started to move his fingers faster. I cupped my mouth as I felt myself starting to moan. He then pushed more of his fingers in till the max he could. I took hold of his wrist as I felt it go in deep. He then processed to curl and curl his fingers inside my pussy without taking it out.I looked into his eyes as he did this.
"Ahhhhhhhhh keep doing that," I said.
I felt my thighs shiver, the ripples running over my body as I had my second orgasm of my day from this new onslaught. Although not as big as my first, this was quite the ride that lasted almost a minute with his fingers clamped in my pussy. I relaxed my hold on his wrist as my orgasm subsided. He pulled his fingers out. I was bent over without any energy left in my body. I felt him bring his fingers up to my face, the overpowering smell of my pussy on them.I felt him rub them on my mouth and my lips involuntarily parted.
"You are the first indian slut I've met," he said, coming closer to me.
"Then you better fuck me like a slut," I said, as I started to lick his fingers clean of my cum.