Mom had abandoned us when I was in my early teens, but she'd never been much of a mother anyway. Dad worked all the time to provide everything we needed, but was never here. When he suddenly died the insurance money paid-off the house with some cash to spare.
I shared the house with my younger brother, as I am twenty-two years old. Stuart took school more seriously, in part because he was socially backwards and had no friends. His buddies left him behind for their own social interests after they all graduated together, including Stuart. Despite being nineteen years of age, he had no life outside the house. We got along okay and stayed out of each other's space, but we'd never communicated on a personal level.
My community college education was over in the first semester due to lack of interest and I waited tables for breakfast and lunch. I like men and men like my big chest, so I get nice tips and generate a lot of repeat business.
Stuart likes early classes at the community college so he can study undisturbed for the rest of the day, but since I work in the morning we have a conflict over the bathroom. It's inconvenient having to stay covered up all the time. Unless I'm actually in the shower or taking a nature call, I have to stay wrapped in my robe. Even when I have the bathroom to myself I still need to go to my room and back.
One morning I was at the vanity when Stuart came in to piss. I noticed that he kept looking over his shoulder so I discretely looked around. I discovered that when I bent over the sink, one of my breasts would hang out of my robe and was visible in the reflection of the mirror. I let him look.
A few days later I woke up and had to get on my feet before dozing off. I always wore my nightshirt and panties to bed, but I'd shed the panties at bedtime. They were an old bottom-of-the-drawer pair and a little uncomfortable. My nightshirt is made of a heavy cotton fabric that had a light canvas feel, and hung straight without any cling. In my morning fog I couldn't care less that I was literally bottomless as I made my way to the kitchen, he could look if he wanted.
Thoughts of my inadvertent tit flash entered my mind as I fumbled around the kitchen. My nightshirt flowed off my big breasts like water to hang suspended like a curtain, while hugging most of my round bottom. Normally panties made my bedclothes perfectly acceptable around the house, but feeling the cool air where my pussy, ass, and legs came together was jumpstarting my libido.
I heard Stuart coming while I was cleaning up. "Are you having cereal," I asked. He said 'yes' so I reached up to get some bowls from the cabinet. My white un-tanned ass might as well have had a neon arrow pointing to it. I could feel his eyes on my bare butt when the back of my shirt rode up a few inches. I brought the bowls over to the table with my exposed pussy in the shadows of the hanging shirtfront. He sat quietly while waiting and was most likely in shock. I could get laid every night of the week if I wanted, and often do, but this was captivating. Exposing myself to my brother was fresh, exhilarating, and so very taboo.
I was absorbing every second as I reached for the cereal in a high cabinet, causing my shirt to ride up to the top of my ass. My body is a little thicker in proportion than most in matching my very large breasts. Not at all fat, my hard round bottom was hanging out like a full moon. I imagined Stuart's view of my flexing ass and the tensioned back of my legs as I pushed on extended toes. I pretended to search with both hands, causing my breasts to shift under the constraints of the heavy fabric with every move. I eventually brought down both cereal boxes then turned around to find that he'd gone.
Stuart had finished his usual long shower and I finally got my turn. My fingers went right between my legs as I thought how he stood in this exact spot not fifteen minutes before, stroking his hard dick while visualizing my body. I hadn't gotten myself off in a long time for my own pleasure, but I'd do it for guys wanting a private show or going down the highway before a blowjob. He'd seen me in various states of undress over the years, but peeking at my exposed tit was not so innocent. I pictured what he'd seen and how he was reliving it as he jerked-off to his sister's image with a soapy hand. Without ever seeing it, I was imagining what his hard dick looked like in his pumping fist as he wasted his cum into the spraying water. I looked down at his cummy hairball in the drain which pushed me over the top. I couldn't believe that I came over my brother and felt a little ashamed...but only for a moment. I broke up the cum-matted ring with my big toe to let the water flow freely, like I always did.
My house had always been the place to hang with the lack of supervision, but the days of getting wasted were long gone. Sarah, who was also twenty-two years old, was a true babe and would come over in the afternoon a few days a week. She'd recently modeled aerobic sportswear without ever having voluntarily done an exercise in her life. Tall and slender, her perky medium breasts held their shape whether in a bra or not. She dressed sexy-cute in public but would bring a change of clothes when she came over after work. We were both sluts and loved it but she was shopping for mister right...meaning a handsome guy with lots of money who could fuck, and went to work all day to stay out of her hair. I'm just a slut.
The cathedral ceiling spanned half the house with both the living room and kitchen underneath. A freestanding wall with double doors isolated the living room with the other half of the house having the bath and bedrooms.
We'd change clothes right there in the living room, leaving the bathroom and dim tunnel-like hall to Stuart. Normally we didn't bother to close the doors unless getting down to some skin. He'd known Sarah for nearly as long as I had and seeing her in a bra and panties was nothing new.
Sarah and I were chatting away while she changed. She was in her bra while choosing some casual clothes when she un-expectantly took it off. Her small areolas with pencil-eraser nipples were so incredibly sexy that I always stopped to look. Just then Stuart walked into the doorway to ask me something and stopped cold, his eyes locked on Sarah's bare breasts.
"Like what you see?" asks Sarah, who just stood there for him. He turned and left without saying a word.
"I know I do," I stated, getting horny with Sarah showing herself. We'd lightly fooled around for the last year or so and she let me feel her breasts for a minute, and I returned the favor. Sarah likes to get some pussy every once in a while, but we never went nearly that far together.
I was watching television in my nightshirt late in the evening, after my stud had left. I actually like to do things with a few of my men besides sex, but for the most part they got dressed and let themselves out. Stuart's use to strangers walking through the house after hearing my bed squeaking for a few hours. I got up off the couch and was about to go into the bathroom when I heard the ceiling creak, then it happened a second time. I stayed there a moment then went in to pee. Back on the couch it occurred to me that only a person could make that sound by stepping on then off an attic rafter. The wall diving the living room and the bedrooms rose up to the peak of the cathedral ceiling, but an attic was above the normal rooms on the other side. I was wondering what was going on when I caught a reflection from inside an air vent that was mounted up high. Then I realized that Stuart hadn't walked by the door since I'd been watching television, and he wore glasses. I also remembered that the attic hatch was at the top of his closet.
My mind instantly switched gears and I moved a hand to my bare thigh. I started moving it around with my fingers gliding over the skin to tease myself. I didn't have to pretend with an erotic current surging through my veins. I've had sex with more men than I can count, sucking and fucking dicks of all shapes and sizes, but the thought of entertaining my own brother was exhilarating.
I flipped the bottom of my shirt up onto my tummy and skated my fingers all around my pussy without actually going to it. My other hand went to my stomach where my fingers swept in wide circles, pushing my nightshirt up to the bottom of my braless tits. I felt like a virgin who was uncertain of allowing that first penetration, the whole time knowing that she would. I got up to close the double doors and pulled off my nightshirt on the way back to the couch. The room was oriented toward the television in the corner of the tall vent wall, so he was looking up my body with a bird's eye view.
I was in ecstasy knowing that he'd just gone from being hopeful of seeing some skin to achieving a voyeur's ultimate dream. I was fulfilling that dream and relished the part of the exhibitionist, tremendously heightened with him being my own brother. My big tits were on full display with the fingers of one hand inside my panties, visualizing a dick in his palm. I did my best to squeeze and message my breasts in a way for Stuart to know what they felt like. Again I had that virgin feeling of uncertainty, torn between putting it all out there or keeping some control. It took about two seconds before all reservations went out the window so I pulled my panties off to be naked as the day I was born. I was rubbing my knees against each other with an erotic current running through my fingers to my clit then down to my toes. I couldn't have graphically laid myself out any better, my legs spread and open flower on display. If I had a vibrator sticking out of me it would point directly at Stuart's eyes. With the fingers of one hand working my clit, the other was spreading my lips with two fingers to completely give myself up to his eyes.
I was picturing his super-hard, big thick cock sticking up at a steep angle with his pants at his ankles, his hand sliding up and down the shaft. Thoughts of going down on him pushed me further to imagine the ultimate taboo of him releasing deep inside me. I exploded with the longest, most powerful orgasm I'd experience in a long, long time. It took a minute to recover, then I sat up and stretched with my hands above my head just to show my tits some more. I felt like such a dirty slut...and needed more.
I had cleaned myself up and was comfortably watching television when Stuart walked past. I called to him and he came to the double-doors when I asked if he wanted anything special from the grocery store since I was going the next day.
My first thoughts in the morning were of the action the night before. I wasn't necessarily planning on doing anything specific but that didn't mean anything. I'd taken my panties off and was doodling around the kitchen when Stuart came in and sat down. I'd already put breakfast on the table and gave him a cheerful bottomless good morning. I turned my chair to face him while we ate, and didn't have to hike-up the front of my shirt since it barely made it to my lap in the first place. He ate his cereal with my fully exposed clean-shaven pussy no more than four feet away from his eyes. I would take a bite then look him straight in the eyes while talking about nothing in particular, occasionally catching him looking down between my legs.
I'd cleaned up the kitchen and changed into my robe only to find that he'd locked me out of the bathroom. All things considering, I was pissed off big time. I found a small screwdriver and unlocked the door through the safety hole and walked right in. I grabbed his towel and robe then threw them out the door and proceeded to get ready for work. I saw him sheepishly peering out from behind the shower curtain so I started bitching big time. He asked for his towel back and I'd had enough. I turned toward him and let my robe fall to the floor to stand there stark naked.
"I'm your sister and I have tits, ass, and a pussy besides other parts I use for sex," I yelled. "Its no big deal, I'm not going to cover up anymore, it's a pain in the ass. Deal with it. Get naked if you want, I've seen plenty of dicks...believe me." In one swift move I saw his wet ass dart out of the shower and through the door, he had a nice one.
Sarah came over before Stuart got home and I told her everything, even demonstrating my position on the couch. I pointed out the vent and said that he could hear as well as he could see. Sarah was totally captivated and had to see for herself. She was like a little kid and actually climbed the stepladder in Stuarts closet. She went up into the attic to see the view he had as I went into the living room and took out my tits.
"Can you see these?" I asked.
"How could anybody miss them," she responded through to vent grill. "What a view," she said. "Lets have some fun."
"Careful," I said. "We don't want to go too crazy." I remembered just how well I'd restrained myself the night before.
Sarah took off her top and walked around in her bra, just to make things appear normal to him. Stuart came home and walked past the living room to see Sarah in her bra, then went straight to his room. We chatted as usual for a while when Sarah says, "I'd better close the doors since I need to take my bra off." She closes the doors and winks at me. "How was your stud last night, I hope for your sake that he could fuck." I was a little put back but picked up on it real quick. But since all my and Sarah's freinds are over twenty years old, I talk about them if we are pretending or not.
"He had a small dick, it was only seven inches. I have an eight-inch minimum so he'll never get in my pants again," I responded. "He wanted to go up my ass but you know I don't let anyone back there...usually." Sarah turned away from the vent to stop from laughing. "Did you get to suck some cock last night? I know how much you like a dick in your mouth."
"He had a fucking monster, it was only eight inches but really thick. My jaw still hurts," she said. Now I had to turn away.
"Did he cum in your mouth? I know how much you like the taste," I said.
"Oh yeah, and he had a big load...I almost choked. I got on my knees and sucked his cock for a while until he was about to cum, then I tilted my head back and opened my mouth for him. I love watching a guy's sperm shoot out his dick and on my tongue almost as much as swallowing," she says, trying to keep a straight face.
"Did you take it up the ass," I asked.
"Not with him, it was too big. Anyone else I would," she says.
"Do you use Vaseline?"
"No, I like it dry so I can suck him clean after. Vaseline tastes like shit," says Sarah, having to bite a knuckle. "Didn't you do a gang bang last week?" she asks.
"That was something else. I've never had six guys fuck me on a pool table before. Five, but not six. They lined up and each one fucked the hell out of me. When one finished filling me with cum he'd move around and stick it in my mouth, while the next one got started. And they were all black with really big cocks," I explained, and then gestured with my hand to back off a bit.
"Your pussy must have been raw for a few days," Sarah concludes.
"No, it was nothing. I can take on a football team every day of the week," I said, giving her a sign to stop.
"Are my tits sagging?" asks Sarah, as she takes her bra off. I could tell that she'd entered the same zone as me and was getting off as an exhibitionist. I walked over and looked as she turned to provide different viewing angles.
"Its your imagination," I said, then got closer and put my hands on them. Sarah was presenting her side to the vent wall as I felt her breasts. I looked her in the eyes with a smile then bent down and started sucking on a nipple. Sarah put her hand behind my head and pulled me in. Thoughts of Stuart watching his sister feel and suck the tits of the most beautiful, sexy girl in the world got me even hotter, and Sarah was on the same page. She put a hand down and started fondling my big tits.
"Why don't you take your shirt off for me?" she asks.
"Because I'm too busy," I replied. I stood up straight and pulled my top and bra off. Sarah moved toward me but I kept backing up and fell onto the couch. She climbed up to straddle me and passionately message my breasts, then hugs me.
"We're not supposed to take the play-acting too far, remember?" whispers Sarah.
"I'm not acting," I said softly. Sarah settled back on my lap and looked at me with a glowing smile, then leans in to kiss me. Then we kissed again with our mouths open and got into it aggressively. What a sexual creature, she was all over me while our tongues staying in constant contact. Our hands were on each other's breasts as we kept getting hotter and hotter. I gently pushed her to the floor with me on top, kissing madly the entire time. I lay down next to her on my side and she turned to face me. We got our noses touching and I spoke softly. "Are you okay with this?" I asked. "I mean really okay?"
"You can have me anytime, you always could" she states. "I'm very okay, we have a show to do." I pushed Sarah on her back and she submitted to me. Taking my time, I untied her sneakers then remove them and rolled off her socks. Her feet were as nice as everything else, small and soft with a perfect pedicure. I started making love to her feet and toes, sensuously messaging both with equal attention. Sarah was squirming with the sensation of having her feet touched in such a way, with a little tickling here and there for added stimulation. Knowing how hygienic she was, and even if she wasn't, I lay on my tits and brushed my lips against the bottom of her feet. My fingers gently spread her toes and I started to suck on the tips one at a time, making Sarah going crazy and roll her head from side to side. I got on my knees and straddle her legs with my tits hanging down, then put a hand on each side of her shorts. She lifted her ass and I worked them down and off. I got back to the same position and paused while Sarah gave me a big smile. She made me wait a moment, then again raised her small ass above the carpet for me to pull her panties off. I'd never been in her snatch or even seen it this close, but it was as beautiful as the rest including her personality. Thin lips were seen through a canopy of wispy auburn hair that never needing grooming. Her slender legs had no baggage whatsoever as they merged with the roundness of her tight ass, making for the most edible box imaginable. I spread her legs apart with bent knees to go between her thighs and taste pussy for the first time, and what a prime world-class pussy it was.
"Get naked," she commanded, "then stand over my head." I got off the floor and did as she said. I unbuttoned my slacks and took them down, Sarah was smiling as I went for my panties. "I don't get to see this side of you very often." I slipped them off and stood with her looking up my open legs. "Squat down on my face," she orders, and I had to comply. I was shaking a little as I remembered that my brother was watching me have girl-girl sex. I lowered myself down putting my mound to her nose and felt her tongue start to lightly brush my clit. Her experience showed as her tongue darted on and around my sensitive bud. She got me well on my way when I started to think what this must look like through Stuart's eyes. I was riding her face as she held her rigid tongue in place for me to move against. We were touching hands the whole time, sometimes grasping but at other times lightly touching fingertips. I looked down to see such a hot scene that I knew my brother was jerking-off at that moment. I soared into a powerful, long orgasm and squished my meaty pussy lips into her face, staying there until it occurred to me that she needed to breath. I moved back down to straddle her waste and got into a heavy kissing session with the weight of my boobs on hers.
I moved down further and had a hand on each bent knee, looking at what was waiting for me. I started by fingering her clit, then moved down to her precious hole and slid my finger inside. I though I was dreaming as I started to finger fuck her using my thumb to stimulate her clit. My head went between her thighs and I tasted my first pussy. I had taken note of her technique and returned the love through my tongue. She started moving around so much that it was difficult to keep on her, I had to wrap my hands up and around her legs to hold her down. She was thrusting into my face and making restrained screams on her out breaths that got louder and louder. She put her hands behind my head and pulled my face into her and convulsed, doing a sit-up as she came hard. I let her recover and cool down without saying anything, then I lay down beside her and stroked her hair. She turned and moved close for us to hug body-to-body with our legs entangled and our foreheads touching. I was going to say something when she put a finger to my lips to hush me.
"Anytime," she said.
I had been walking around naked for about a week hoping that Stuart would loosen up. I would walk up to him and raise a cupped breast like a cannon ball, bend over and moon him, or sit on the couch with my legs spread but he was uptight as hell.
I was naked at the vanity one morning when I noticed that Stuart was peeking from behind the shower curtain. I knew where one of his hands was and he just wasn't coming around. I was on the way out the door when I impulsively jumped over and pulled back the shower curtain to see a hard dick in his hand. He quickly covered up.
"That's beautiful," I said. "I should know, I've seen plenty of them. Take your hands away." He reluctantly complied. "That's most certainly big to satisfy any girl and its definitely hard enough, that's for sure." He was very uptight. "I want you to dry off and bring your wonderful naked cock to my room."
"Come here," I said when he entered my room, his dick still raging. I sat with my ass on the edge of the bed then fell back on my elbows with my legs spread. I coaxed him in between my open legs, then even closer until his thighs were in contact with my inner thighs. The head of his raging dick hung above my pussy.
"Join me," I said. "Lets get ourselves off together. There's nothing wrong with jerking-off, everybody does it." I put my fingers over my bare mound and started to touch myself with the head of his dick just inches above. He got in maybe ten strokes before he sprayed his load onto the back of my hand and tummy. He left the room very quickly without saying anything. I was laying there and started thinking how I had my brothers cum all over me, then an erotic surge drove me to put a finger into a cum puddle. I swished it around as more cum dripped off the top of my hand, then brought it to my mouth to taste my brother's cum. It was so incredibly erotic that I smeared it on my clit and all around my lips like lotion, lubricating for my finger. I came fast and furious.
I was worried about my simple psychology attempt to help Stuart loosen-up. He hadn't come out of his room yet, so I called-in sick and told him we were staying home. I called him into my room where I was sitting on my bed. "Take my top off," I instructed, but he didn't move. "That's an order," I stated.
I had him unbutton my white waitress blouse, then undo the clasp on my bra for my tits to fall out. "Explore anywhere you want." I gave him all the time in the world as he fondled my breasts, then ran his hands over my shoulders and around my waste before returning to my tits. "Take off my socks," I instructed. He pulled them off and felt my feet for a few minutes, moving a little up my calf. I didn't have to say anything when I fell back on the bed and spread my arms out. Stuart knelt beside and unbuttoned my slacks, but I didn't lift my butt so he had to work in tugging them off. He put his hands high up on a leg when I said, "Take my panties off first." He looked a little uncertain until I raised my ass for him to pull them off. I moved up to the edge of the bed and put my feet on the floor like the day before, and spread my legs to re-affirm, "Touch absolutely anywhere you want."
Starting at my ankles, he took full advantage of my offer and moved up my legs with the firm feel of a doctor. He was obviously aware of my clean-shaven centerpiece that wars had been fought over since the beginning of time. He was either saving it for last or was a little hesitant. After getting very familiar with everything but the object of every man's desires, I took it upon myself to roll over. He practically worshipped my round ass and the backs of my legs. He was messaging each cheek when he spread them and ran his finger in my crack, touching my most personal opening. I'd told him absolutely anywhere so I didn't say anything, but to my relief he moved on. My legs were open and he made his first exploration of my pussy with a finger from behind. I turned back over and moved my butt back, spreading my legs with bent knees like in the stirrups. He lay beside me and approached with caution, lightly touching as if it might bite. I brought my hand down and guided one of his fingers onto my clit. He moved down and put a finger in me, then two, and slowly moved them in and out a few times. I had to put a stop to it being too much like sex.
After giving him some more time I ordered him to strip, and I helped. We pulled his shirt off together and I ran my hand over his chest. "What do we have we here," I said, looking at the bulge in his pants. I unbuttoned them and unzipped his fly, pulling them down for him to step out of. Getting on my knees, I stretched the band of his underwear in pulling it over a raging hard-on that nearly poked me in the eye. Being very careful in maintaining boundaries, a wrapped my hand around his shaft just to feel it. I did this for myself as much as him, but had to let go. I do have some morals, not many, but some.
I laid out the same as the day before. I was on my back with my ass at the edge of the bed with knees apart, me feet on the floor. I had him come up close. "Lets try this again," I said and put my fingers between my legs. The head of his stiff dick was bouncing off the back of my hand, but he wasn't doing anything. I had no plans of actually engaging him, but I saw a look of desperation on his face with his hard pole between my legs, and I understood what a terrible tease I'd been.
I turned my hand over and wrapped it around his cock to feel just how rigid it was, very much aware that it was my brother's very-hard penis. I looked at the intense desire and though of all the pent up sexual frustration that I'd caused with my fun and games. There was only one thing to do if I didn't want him to be fucked up for the rest of his life.
I didn't want him inside me, which was going way too far despite my fantasies. I pushed him back and slid off the bed onto my knees. I ran my hands up the back of his legs and fondled his ass, then turned my eyes up at him as I went down on his cock. I didn't give any hand jive, just my mouth. I moved a hand under his balls and gently cupped them in my palm and I knew it wouldn't take long. I was getting off on the reality of having my brother's hard dick in my mouth, a virgin getting his first blowjob...from his sister. I felt him get a little harder and tasted the release of a big cum deposit. I kept my lips sealed around his shaft and maintained eye contact as I pulled off him, opening my mouth to show his lake of cum overflowing my tongue. I closed my mouth and made an exaggerated swallow, then opened it to show it was gone. I pressed against his body as I slid up and gave him a more-than-sisterly kiss. "Only special people get this kind of treatment," I said, "but now I need to take care of myself." I got back on the bed and spread my legs for my fingers when I noticed that he wasn't quite so bashful. He turned a chair around and pulled it in close to sit on it backwards, then folded his arms and rested his chin. He watched me intently as I worked my clit.
I was enjoying how things were working out and had managed not to allow penetration, remembering my virgin comparison. There had to be some boundaries. I was getting off on Stuart watching me from two feet away having just swallowed his cum. I was building up quickly and brought me knees up so that my open, ready lips where staring him in the face. I rolled over into a doggie position with my face pressed to the mattress and put a finger inside myself. After a few minutes I unexpectedly felt another finger join mine. He took over and added a second finger. Holding them still, I was rocking back and forth as they slid in and out when he suddenly pulled them away. Then I felt something else in me and he didn't need to be guided-in. My head was swimming with sensory overload knowing that I was taking his cherry, so much for boundaries. He slow slid in and out for a while then got into it and started pumping away. Then he pulled out and flipped me over onto my back with authority, and climbed up to mount me when I stopped him. I reached up to my nightstand drawer and grabbed a rubber from inside, my very last boundary. I put it on him then felt his latex coated penis and took it back off, I wanted him to have the complete experience...and I wanted him. "This is the only time we can do this. I have protection and it's a good time for me. Take me the old fashion way, all the way." He smiled and fucked me in the missionary position for what seemed like an hour, taking me to the brink a few times. He was really laying into me but held off until I was almost there, then he really pressed home. With perfect timing he released deep inside feeling my vagina suck it out of him and far up in me, I'd died and went to heaven. He stayed pressed onto me for a minute then gave me a sweet kiss on the forehead to say thank you. Then he pulled out and hopped to my side and put his semi-soft dick in my mouth to clean it off. "Don't expect many girls to do this for you," I explained.
He lay on his side with a leg swung over mine, playing with my tits as we talked. "Women don't like the taste of cum, we only let it in our mouths because men get off on it so much. But you can always get away with cumming in a girls mouth using an ages old trick, but it only works once. Just say, 'Ooops, why didn't you tell me not to cum in your mouth'."
"Ask me anything," I said. "I'll tell you. Lets have a total honesty policy."
"How is it that you happened to have a rubber in you drawer?" he asked.
"It was the last one so I threw the box away," I explained. "What can I say, I like a hard dick in me. I'm a slut, I'll admit it, total honestly...that's if averaging more than one cock a day qualifies me. But I'm only kidding, it's much more than that...only kidding." His fingers found their way between my legs and were skating along the top of my lips. "Sarah's a little slut also, but she keeps up her squeaky clean image. She's looking for a career on her back but hasn't met the right guy yet." I explained.
"Have you ever had another women?" he asked.
"I was under the impression that we were being open and honest with each other," I said, and left it for him to think about it for a moment. "You know the answer to that." He admitted about his voyeur adventure and asked how long I'd known. I said it didn't matter, but not to think that everything we said or did was real. "I've only been gang-banged by four guys in the same session...and I'm not kidding."
"But you and Sarah weren't acting," he said.
"My first pussy, I loved getting my tongue in her tight snatch. She's very selective about who she lets in but she loves to suck cock, can't keep it out of her mouth."
Stuart moved down to my feet to unceremoniously grabbed each leg and spread them apart. I handed him a small pillow and lifted my bottom, he understood and placed in underneath to augment his dining pleasure. I gave him some pointers and he thoroughly enjoyed himself in delicately pleasuring me with the utmost patience, taking care of me the way I like it. He stayed on me while I let the orgasm develop without feeling any need to bring it on quicker. I got worked up to where I had my legs bowed around his head with ankles crossed behind his neck, my cheeks flexing in his hands. He kept doing exactly as I instructed and sent me went through the roof. I cranked over onto my side and took him with me. He let me lay there for a few minutes after my wrestling move pinned his head to the mattress, and didn't disturb me until I'd recovered. Not that he was complaining.
He crawled out from being ensnarled by my legs then reset my position, laying me out spread eagle on my back. I had no idea what he was doing when he said to relax and left the room. I few minutes later he came back with a steamy washcloth and wiped me down having cleaned himself up in the bathroom. I felt like royalty, none of my insensitive studs would ever think to do that and I hadn't ether. I had no idea where he came up with that but I'd definitely remember it in the future. I was in heaven feeling fresh after some of the best sex I'd ever had...from my brother.
He put my arms at my side and closed my straight legs then climbed up above my chest to straddle my neck. He used one hand to hold my forehead down and the other on my chin to open my mouth, then he dipped his soft dick inside. He'd said not to use my tongue as it just lay in my mouth to grow harder mentally. It was just about back to full hardness when he got onto his elbows on all fours and aggressively started to fuck my mouth. I did my best to keep up with him as he made long fast strokes with his balls slapping against my chin as his length challenged my throat. He pulled out and quickly hopped back below my chest and started to tit fuck me. I helped by holding them together as he was sliding up my cleavage. He got up to a furious pace then raised his shoulders up and closed his eyes to shoot his wad up between my boobs up onto my chest and face. He move down and dropped his body's deadweight on me with his head resting on my tummy. After a minute he looks up and sees me with a smirk on my face and his cum dripping down the side of my nose.
We got up and showered together, agreeing that we could never do this again...after today. He went on to take me on the living room carpet, the stairs, bent over the couch, and at least one other place that I can't remember. Wore me the fuck out by the third go around, but I had to do my part.
"I can't believe how much Stuart has changed," says Sarah, "and in such a short time. He apologized for spying then told me what a great body I had, naked or in my tasteful choice of clothes." I was looking at her as she kept talking. "He said how beautiful I was in making love to his sister. What a man," she says dreamy-eyed.
"Did you fuck my brother?" I asked.
"He charmed the clothes right off me. I wonder where he learned to fuck like that, but I bet you could still teach him a trick or two. Hey...wait a minute...you didn't...you did!"
"It was my sisterly duty to provide guidance in the best way I knew how." I explained.
Nudity was a healthy family practice for convenience, having no sexual overtones at all. Stuart got a girlfriend who was also his age, being nineteen. She's kind of plain but he really likes having a steady relationship and stays loyal to her. We don't see her much, mainly in the hall going between the bedroom and the bathroom in her robe. We go through a lot of washcloths. She stays in her robe since she gets cold, but doesn't tie it. Stuart apparently likes it clean-shaven.
Stuart was now my best friend along with Sarah and he makes it a point to hang around when he's not too busy. Sarah thinks nothing of changing in front of him, but I don't remember her needing to change her bra and panties in the past and she stays exposed for much longer the necessary.