This continues Sailing Adventure Chapter 1. It is meant to be a standalone story and not as a prequel or sequel to any of my other stories. Some of my favorite fantasy themes involve the wife's "first time" with another man. This contains my usual themes of wife infidelity, cuckolding, and voyeurism. I appreciate the feedback I have received and some of the correspondence. I have taken some of your suggestions and interwoven them into my stories. I look forward to your continued comments.
************************
The next morning Mike and Lynn get up early and drive down I-95. They both start to relax as soon as they leave the Interstate and take the road leading down the Northern Neck.
Lynn tells her husband, "It is so great to get away. I am already feeling more uninhibited."
Mike replies, "I am too. This is going to be a great weekend." He takes a glance at his wife's full breasts in her top and is thinking about Lynn showing more of her body in her bikini.
They find the marina with no problem and park. After taking out their cooler and the gym bag with the few clothes they need, they look for the boat slip. Other sailors greet them as they walk down the dock. They find the right slip and approach Kurt's sailboat.
He is just coming up on board from the cabin. "Good morning. Great to see you guys. Did you have any problem finding the place? Here hand me your cooler."
Mike hands over the cooler and answers, "No problem at all. We had a great drive. Lynn and I can never get over how isolated and out of the way it is down here." His eyes sweep the boat. "You have a great looking boat."
"Thank you. Barbara and I like getting out on it. It won't take long to get ready. I have taken it out several times this spring and everything is in order."
Lynn speaks up, "Sounds great. I want to say hello to Barbara. Is she in the cabin?"
"Oh, my apology, but she couldn't make it. There was some last minute crises with a charity fundraiser she is coordinating. She has to miss our fun sailing taking care of a fundraiser. What a drag that is. She was really looking forward to getting to know you guys a lot better. I guess I should have called you. But didn't think it mattered. So it will be just the three of us."
Lynn doesn't know what to think. She is already at the beginning of sexually arousal thinking about showing off for Kurt and looking at his cock, while Mike looks at Barbara. She only has the two string bikinis to wear.
Mike is thinking how hot it is that Lynn will show off for both of them.
Kurt tells them, "I have a few things to take care of before we cast off. Why don't you guys go down below and change into something more comfortable."
In the cabin Lynn expresses some doubt to her husband, "I'm not sure about wearing my string without Barbara being here. She was going to wear one too. We were going to show off for you guys. But I don't have anything else to wear except these shorts."
"Relax. Just because his wife isn't here doesn't mean you can't wear you bikini. Remember we agreed we can be more uninhibited this weekend. You can show off for the two of us. You know he wants to see more of you. I don't mind. Besides, I have been looking forward to seeing you in your string."
"Well, ok. I just feel bad you won't get to see Barbara in a bikini."
Mike puts on his jammers and goes on deck. He is surprised to see Kurt in a pair of briefs. They don't hide much. The older man does have an impressive looking cock. He thinks Lynn is really going to get a show.
A few minutes later Lynn comes back on deck. She decides to allay her concerns about her bikini and get in the spirit of the weekend. As soon as she gets on deck she stops, "Well guys, what do you think?"
Kurt exclaims, "You look great. I thought you were hot in your top at last week's cookout, but you are really sexy in that. Turn around let us see the rest."
The young wife is flattered Kurt likes her bikini. She complies. As she turns her body she feels his eyes scanning all over. She already likes displaying herself for him.
Mike is becoming aroused watching Kurt blatantly scan his wife's body.
Lynn faces Kurt and checks him out also. He has a very good physique. His chest is slightly hairy. Her gaze is drawn to his crotch. Barbara and her husband were right. Kurt is well endowed. She takes in his thickness and big mushroom head.
Mike watches Lynn glaze at Kurt's thick cock.
Lynn is almost startled as Kurt announces it is time to cast off. As they prepare to cast off, a couple of men stop by. Kurt introduces them to Mike and Lynn as other sailors who have boats in the marina. It is obvious they also appreciate Lynn. One is handsome with dark hair a few inches taller than Mike. He looks to be around Lynn's age. The other appears to be in his fifties. They inquire about Barbara and Kurt tells them about her crisis.
The older one replies, "Well, that sucks. But it looks like you have good company. I guess we will see you tonight."
Kurt tells them they will be anchoring tonight. The two men continue to appraise Lynn.
"I'm sure you guys will have a great time."
They turn and go back down the dock.
Lynn is getting flushed with the attention she was getting by her husband, Kurt and the other two men. The younger one sure is sexy.
Seeing a tube of sunscreen, she picks it up. "I need to put this on before we go out."
Kurt gives Mike some instruction about stowing some gear below and then tells him, "Why don't you take the gear below deck. I'll take care of Lynn."
Mike takes some gear and goes below. Lynn turns around with her back to Kurt. He begins to rub lotion on her. He starts on her lower back and applies lotion just under her bottom. "We don't want you to get burned on the edge of this cute ass of yours."
Lynn wonders if she should stop him, but catches herself. She is going to act more uninhibited, even if Barbara is not there. "I'm glad you like it. Thank you for the consideration making sure I don't burn."
Mike is looking from the cabin at Kurt rubbing down Lynn. He is excited the older man is getting his hands on his wife's body. He comes back on deck and tells Kurt everything is stored.
"Good job. Go on the dock to the bow and get ready to cast off. We are almost finished."
Kurt continues to apply lotion all over Lynn's back. He even applies lotion on her hip around her strings and on her exposed cheeks. Lynn doesn't stop him. "That really feels good. You have great hands. How do you like my suit? Is it what you were expecting? "
He starts applying lotion on her neck and shoulders, "It's more than I was expecting. It really shows off your hot sexy body." He tells her the other two men liked it as well.
Lynn doesn't know what is making her so bold. She turns to face him. "I'm glad you like it. You know my husband suggested I wear this so you can look at me. Turn around and let me take care of you."
She applies lotion to Kurt's back. She spreads lotion evenly over his back, even running her hand under the edge of his briefs. "And we don't want this nice ass to burn."
Mike is on the dock watching Kurt with his wife. This is really going to be a good weekend.
Kurt tells Mike to cast off and get back on board. He starts the engine to motor out of the marina.
As they motor down the river to the bay, Lynn says to her husband, "Come here honey, I need to put some sunscreen on your back. Since Barbara is not here, I will take care of both of you."
Kurt gives them both instructions on getting ready to sail. They motor out to the channel. He shuts down the engine and tells them what to do to hoist the sails. The young couple follow his instructions. Immediately, the boat begins to move.
Lynn says, "This is great. I just love it when the engine shuts off and it is just the sound of the wind."
They have to tack several times until the river widens where it meets the bay. With the activity, Lynn is less self conscious about how much her bikini shows. When they reach the edge of the bay, the three of them relax and enjoy looking at the scenery.
Kurt steers them out to the open bay. Lynn and Mike are relaxing on one of the cushions while Kurt steers. Lynn is facing the stern towards Kurt. She is conscious of his eyes on her body. She bends one of her knees and opens her legs slightly to give him a better angle to look at her pussy. Isn't this what her husband wants her to do?
She tells them she is going up on the bow to sun. Kurt stops her, "Barbara told me you like to go topless."
"Yeah I do. It feels good to be unencumbered."
"That's what Barbara likes when she is onboard. Why don't you go topless then? What do you think Mike?"
"I think that's a good idea"
Lynn replies, "I don't know about that in the middle of the bay."
Kurt is insistent."Who cares if anyone sees your breasts. They don't know you. With breasts like that you should want to show them off." He speaks in more of a stern voice, "Well young lady, as captain of this vessel I command you to take off your top."
Lynn smiles, "Well if it is an order from the captain I guess I have to. What do you think honey?"
"He's the captain, I'm just crew. If you disobey the captain he might make us walk the plank."
"Well I don't want that." Lynn reaches up and unties her top taking it off to bare her breasts. "Is this what you had in mind."
Both men look at the fullness of her breasts. They relax without sagging. Her nipples are erect and the aureoles are dimpled.
Kurt answers for both of them, "They look great. Turn to the side a little so we can see them all." Lynn complies, "Yeah. Just like that."
"Well captain can I go sun now?"
He hands her the tube of sunscreen. "Before you go your going to need some of this."
Lynn is unsure what to do. But she thinks it would be silly to turn around with false modesty. She stands in front of them and applies sunscreen to her breasts. She is getting aroused rubbing her breasts in front of both of them. "Is this good? Can I go now?"
Kurt replies in the affirmative and Lynn takes a towel and walks along the rails to the bow.
Both men look at Lynn's sweet ass as she goes forward. Kurt speaks to Mike, "I owe you one. Your wife sure is hot. I thought her tits look good in her regular tops, but topless they are something else. Did you notice how hard her nipples were?" He stops. "I hope I'm not offending you talking about your wife's sexy body."
"Not at all. I know you like looking at her. I agree, she does look hot."
"Out here on the boat, we become more uninhibited. You know last week, when we were talking about Lynn, you knew I was talking about her breasts, but that setting was more confining."
"Yeah I see what you mean. I'm glad you like looking at her tits. And I did notice her nipples. How did you like the way she stood there and rubbed her tits right in front of us. What else do you like about her bikini?'
"I was surprised when she took off her top. I wonder if it is making her hot feeling herself in front of us. Just look at her ass. It is so firm. You know I could tell when I was putting on her sun screen. And that bottom barely covers her pussy. She has a great looking mound"
Mike gets in the spirit of things, "Well captain, she does have a good looking pussy. She even trimmed back her bush for this weekend."
"I like a woman to have a little bush. Barbara has nice fur around her pussy."
Mike asks Kurt, "I have a question. How did you know she would take off her top so soon? I wanted her to go topless, but without Barbara being here I thought it would take a little more sun and some rum drinks."
"She and Barbara discussed it. They were going to surprise you. Did you like the joke with the captain ordering her to take off her top? It's kind of a game Barbara and I play out on the boat."
"That was pretty cool the way you got her to take off her top. And I would have been surprised to see both our wives topless."
"Speaking of my wife, I really apologize she didn't make it. I know you were looking forward to seeing her in a bikini. You would have like looking at her topless with those big tits of hers."
"I understand. I was looking forward to both wives showing off, but I think you agree, Lynn has enough skin for both of us."
He tells Mike to stand up. "Look at her sunning with that body of hers. She really looks hot when she stretches out like that. You are married to one hot piece of ass." Kurt continues, "I just want you to know, if you guys get horny, feel free to go below deck."
"I appreciate that. But I would feel self conscious going below for sex since Barbara is not here."
Up on the bow, Lynn feels totally relaxed. She is surprising herself with her lack of inhibition. She luxuriates in the feeling of the sun radiating on her exposed body. When Kurt told them Barbara wasn't joining them, she was not sure if she would go topless. But Kurt made it seem so natural. Besides, her top wasn't hiding anything.
Then there is the eroticism. This is certainly not the type of sailing trip she is used to. The heat of the sun seems focused on her loins. She thinks about her fantasy last week and is secretly glad Barbara didn't come, leaving her alone with the two men. She even starts to think of Mike as not her husband, but another man she will be showing off for.
She appreciates the obvious attention from passing boats. She even leans up and waves to a couple of them. She stretches her arms above her head. God, this is going to be a great weekend.
Mike joins his wife on the bow.
Lynn asks her husband, "What were you guys talking about back there?"
"The captain and crew were talking about you."
"The captain and crew?"
"It's a game he and Barbara play. He is the captain and I am the crew. Like when he told you to take off your top."
"I thought that was funny the way he did that. I just feel so uninhibited around him. I would never take off my top around any of our other friends. If he is the captain and you are the crew, what is my role?'
"He didn't say. I guess it's to help crew and show off your hot body for us."
"I don't mind that role. Aren't you jealous when Kurt, I mean the captain, looks at me and talks that way?"
"No not at all. Like you say, it's easy to lose inhibitions out sailing like this. I even liked watching him rub lotion on your body."
"He does have good hands."
"It looked like you were enjoying it. I stood at the foot of the ladder watching him rub you. It was a turn on seeing the two of you."
"You stood there and watched? That's hot. I'm glad you like watching. Maybe you can leave me alone with him some more. What else did the captain and crew talk about."
Mike describes their conversation, how Kurt became more explicit talking about her body. Lynn's arousal increases hearing how the two men talk about her so lewdly.
"I was getting a little turned on rubbing my tits in front of both of you. I was feeling so naughty. He really said he liked my pussy? That is such a turn on having both of you talk about me like that. None of our other friends would do that."
"Yeah. We both talked about your pussy. I even told him about you trimming your bush. He likes a little furry pussy." Her husband tells her about the offer to go below if they get horny and his reply.
"That is considerate for you to tell him that. I wouldn't feel right fucking below decks with him not having Barbara." Lynn has a brief fantasy it is Kurt who takes her below while her husband waits.
She continues talking with her husband, "There's something else you were right about. He is well endowed."
"If you are felling uninhibited, what does he have?'
She turns on her side brushing one of her breasts against him, "He has a nice big cock. Just like you told me. I have already been looking at it."
"Well, I don't see you have any choice. In his briefs and the confines of the boat, it is hard to miss."
Lynn's is further enflamed, talking about Kurt's cock and her husband describing the two men talking about her tits and pussy. "I could feel you guys looking at me when I came up here."
"We were. He told me to stand up so I could see you better. He really like the way you stretched out."
Lynn sits up and swivels her body back to Kurt. Making eye contact, she raises her arms above her head stretching out her breasts. "Like that? Do you think the captain likes me stretching my tits for him? I like this role."
Before her husband can answer, Kurt calls them back to come about. After they change directions, Kurt tells them they will sail in this direction for awhile. Lynn says she will get some snacks. Kurt says that is a good idea. He asks her to bring him a beer. He suggests the young couple have a rum drink.
Lynn replies, "I don't know. We just had a light breakfast. Maybe after lunch."
Kurt teases her until she relents. Mike goes below and gets the snacks along with rum drinks for he and his wife and a beer for the captain. The three of them munch on the snacks and enjoy their drinks. With the sun and heat, Lynn's drink goes down pretty quickly. Kurt tells Mike that Lynn needs another drink.
He laughingly says, "Is that an order captain?" Kurt tells him it is.
Lynn speaks up, "You better get me another drink. We can't disobey the captain."
Kurt asks Mike if he would like to steer for awhile. He takes the helm while Kurt and Lynn recline on the cushions. He is facing the bow and Lynn is facing in the opposite direction. He has one leg on the cushion and the other on the deck. Lynn sips her drink while blatantly staring at his cock.. She is totally relaxed lounging in front of the two men wearing just her bottoms. She opens her legs. From this position she can display for her husband and Kurt. Her mons and the outline of her cunt lips are clearly visible. After all, that is her role.
Mike is getting horny looking at his wife's erotic display of her body. Instead of thinking of going below to the cabin with his wife, he thinks about Kurt taking her below decks. He imagines a conversation where Kurt tells him he needs to fuck Lynn.
Kurt suggest to Lynn she might need some more sunscreen. Lynn agrees and starts to apply lotion on her breasts. She rubs down her stomach and taut abdomen almost to her pussy. Lynn becomes further aroused rubbing herself in front of the two men.
"How's that?" It must be the rum."Do you like looking at them? I love showing off for both of you. Is that enough?"
"Tell us what you like showing. You are not explicit enough."
"I like showing both of you my tits." She cups them an lifts them up. "Look how nice and firm they are."
"That's better. You're catching on. You do have great tits. You better let me get the rest of you so you don't burn."
Lynn walks the few steps across the deck taking what's left of her drink with her. She faces the bow sitting between his spread legs. Kurt applies lotion to the young wife. He uses a massaging motion, kneading her muscles with his thumbs.
"Mmmm... that feels so good. That's it right there." She places both hands on this thighs. She becomes more vocal telling him how good Kurt is making her feelss She thinks about her husband standing a few feet away watching. He isn't saying anything so he must like Kurt rubbing her.
Mike alternates between looking around the bay for other boats and watching his wife receive pleasure from another man.
Kurt tells her to stand up so her can get her legs.
"Is that another order captain?"
He replies in the affirmative.
Jokingly she replies, "If that's an order then I have to obey."
She reaches over for her rum drink and finishes it. Kurt shifts and sits close to the edge of the cushion. Lynn stands between his open legs. His cock is plainly visible. She sees all the details from his mushroom head to thick shaft. She even sees the ridges and veins. Her husband told her about him being well endowed, but didn't mention his big balls.
She puts one of her feet on the cushion between his legs. She places one of her hands on his shoulder for balance. Her toes are inches from his cock. Her pussy is open to his view. Some of her cunt hairs peek out from the side of her bottom. "Here, that should be easier to reach."
He applies lotion to her legs starting at her ankles moving up her calves to her knees. He looks at her pussy and up at her breasts and aroused nipples. She can't believe she is acting like this in front of her husband. But he still isn't saying anything.
Kurt continues on her upper thigh, "Ohhh...mmm... that feels so good. Captain you have such good hands."
Kurt adds more lotion and moves to the inside of her thigh. Starting at her knees he moves his hands upward. Lynn opens her legs more to give him better access
He moves his hand up her inner thigh just brushing her pussy lips. Lynn is getting more vocal. "Mmmm... god that feels so good. Do that again." She can't believe she said that in front of her husband. But he must not mind.
She lowers her leg and raises the other one, "Here do this one."
He repeats the motion on her other leg. "Just like this?'
She puts the other hand on his shoulders. "Ohhh..yeah, just like you did before."
Her husband is mesmerized at the sight in front of him. It is apparent Lynn is looking at Kurt's cock and he is looking at her pussy. Kurt directs her to turn around. She turns and faces her husband. Her breasts are swollen with very erect nipples. Kurt applies lotion on her back. Reaching her lower back, he moves under her bottom kneading her ass. She reaches back and puts her hands on his pushing against her ass.
She continues to be more vocal, "Ohh..that feels so good. That's it just like that." She looks at her husband, "Don't we have a good captain? Making sure I don't burn."
Kurt gives her a pat on the ass, "There you go that should keep you from burning."
As he stands, she gives him a hug, pressing her breasts into him. It seems like the natural thing to do. Her skin may not burn but her pussy certainly is. He tells Mike he will take over. Kurt heads the boat to an inlet where they can anchor and have lunch.
They anchor and go below for a light lunch. Lynn puts on one of her husband's older white dress shirts she likes to lounge in. She leaves it unbuttoned. Mike has also put on a long sleeve dress shirt to protect his skin from the sun.
Kurt tells them they are going to relax for a while before some more sailing and heading out to the cove where they will spend the night.
"Now that you have had lunch it is time for another rum drink." He pours a drink for the younger couple and gets a beer for himself.
Kurt says he has a few things to do in the cabin. Lynn and her husband go back on deck to relax. They both have their drinks. For some reason, rum drinks don't seem to last very long on a sailboat. Lynn's is already almost gone. She opens her shirt exposing her breasts. "Do you like me topless? You don't think I am getting too carried away do you?'
"I like you topless in front of the two of us. It was hot steering the boat while he rubbed lotion on you."
"I had my legs open and he could see my pussy. He almost touched it. What about when he rubbed my ass? And I was looking at his cock."
"Yeah I know. That was pretty hot." He doesn't want to continue because it will make him too horny. It looks like Lynn already is. He almost suggests she slow down on the rum drinks, but loosening up is what the weekend is all about.
She kisses his cheek. "You're such a good understanding husband. I will make sure you get a good treat tonight."
Kurt comes back on top with a beer. Lynn is still sitting with her shirt open and breasts partially exposed. She feels so free and uninhibited.
Mike stands up and stretches. "I'm going down below for awhile."
"Ok honey. Why don't you take a little nap. I'll stay up here and relax with the captain."
She feels the heat and intimacy being alone with Kurt. Lynn takes off her shirt. "There that's better. Don't you think? You can look at my tits all by yourself."
"Come over here."
"That sounds like another order." She sits between his legs with her back to him. He rubs her neck and shoulders. "Mmmm..I just love when you do that."
"Do you like me rubbing you in front of your husband? What about when I feel your ass or brush your pussy?
"He likes watching me with you. He knows you were looking at my pussy and that you almost touched it. And I told him I was looking at your cock. I like you teasing my pussy. I feel so naughty doing that in front of my husband. We have fantasies, but have never done anything like this."
He puts more lotion on his hands. Rubbing her back he slides his hands around her waist and cups her full breasts. She lets out a sigh, "That feels good, but I'm not sure you should do that."
"Why not. I like touching your tits."
"I do too. But, my husband is just below and he may see us."
"So what. He watched me touch you a few minutes ago. What if he sees us? What's he going to do? Get pissed off, start yelling and screaming, insist we go back to the marina?"
She laughs. "I never thought of it that way. He likes watching you touch me. I am sure he would like to watch you feel my tits like this."
He continues to fondle her. "What are you thinking?'
She leans back against him. "I would like him to watch you feel me."
He nuzzles her neck and Lynn lets out a moan. He pinches up one of her nipples and she moans again. He slides one of his hands down her stomach ending right above her pubis. "And you like looking at my cock. What kind of wife looks at another man's cock right in front of her husband?"
"A naughty one. I'm a naughty wife who likes looking at your cock. My husband told me you were well endowed. So he must want me to look at it."
He moves his hand and opens her legs. Using his forefinger, he brushes the juncture of her thighs right next to her swollen cunt lips. "While I was rubbing your thigh and got close to your pussy, what did you want me to do?'
"I wanted you to touch it"
He takes his fore finger and lightly touches her slit. "Just like this?"
Lynn lets out a moan, "Oh god..yeah just like that."
Kurt continues to nuzzle and fondle her, "You guys certainly a great couple. I didn't think you would be this uninhibited. For a guy who hasn't been sailing much, Mike is a pretty good crew member. But you have a role also."
"I know all about it. Mike told me since you are the captain and he is the crew, my role is to show off my body to you. And I guess letting the captain have a feel."
"That's part of it. And you are doing a great job. The crew and I really think your hot. There is an old seafaring tradition we practice on this vessel that goes back to the pirate days. It is the role of the females on board to take care of the needs of the captain and crew."
It must be a combination of the sun, open air, rum drinks, and sexual attraction to Kurt, but Lynn is unfazed. She tells him she never heard of that tradition. He says it is not very common anymore. But it is a tradition on his vessel.
"But you said females. On this boat I am the only one."
"Then it is your duty to take care of both of us."
Lynn is lightly caressing his hand on her stomach. She languidly replies, "So you want me to take care of you and my husband? What exactly does that mean?"
"As captain I want you to take care of us and that means you will fuck us both."
A wave of heat passes over her. "I've never done anything like that before. When Barbara is the only female, does she take care of everybody by fucking them."
"She does. You can probably tell my wife is uninhibited. She likes fucking the men aboard."
"You mean she does it a lot? What if there is more than one crew. Does she fuck them all? How many has she taken? Don't you get jealous when she fucks other men?"
He laughs, "That's a lot of questions. She has done it a lot. Remember we are both uninhibited and have been together a lot longer than you and Mike. She once took on the captain and three crew. And it turns me on when she fucks other men."
Lynn thinks if Kurt doesn't get jealous, then maybe her husband won't either. After all he has his fantasies. And he likes everything she has done so far.
"What about other wives? Have other wives like me fucked you and the crew?"
"Some, although none quite as young as you."
"Ok. I will perform my role. But if my husband objects, then we will stop."
"Of course. I respect you and Mike. Speaking of needs. I think I know a young hot wife with some needs."
He slides his hand into her bottoms to her pussy. Lynn gasps and puts one of her hands on his firm against her pussy. He plays with her distended clit.
She spreads her legs, "Ohh.. yeah captain, play with my pussy make me cum."
Kurt keeps nuzzling Lynn's neck while he plays with her pussy. "Think about your husband watching you right now. Does he like having a naughty wife that looks at the captain's cock? You want to do more than look don't you."
Lynn is aflame with desire and lust. She hopes he is watching her. "He knows I have been looking at your cock. It turns him on. I want to do more than look at the captain's cock."
"What a nice little slut you are. What kind of cock does the captain have? What does a naughty wife like you want to do with it. Will you tell your husband you want the captain's cock?"
She has never been called a slut before. "I am a slut. The captain has a big cock. I want to suck it and put it in my pussy. I will tell my husband that the captain can have my pussy."
Kurt moves his finger more rapidly. Lynn's body tenses up against his fingers as she cums. She forgets where she is and lets out a moan. It takes a few minutes for the feelings of orgasm to subside.
Lynn sits up and gives him a light kiss. "That was great. Since you took care of me, I will take care of you and the crew later on."
He tells her not to say anything about her expanded role to her husband until later.
(to be continued)