This is a fairly tame, risqué story involving unexpected nudity. If you are looking for stories that involve sex, infidelity or swinging, this is probably not for you. It is more suitable for couples to enjoy together.
***
I'm sure many of you can identify with us. It was becoming increasingly difficult to be spontaneous or playful in our sex lives. We had two adult children and my son's girlfriend living at home and it felt like they intentionally coordinated their work and school activities so that one of them was home at all times to thwart any spontaneity. I really desired some one-on-one time with my wife, Tara, without the worry that one of the kids might return home suddenly to surprise us. I wanted us to be free to walk around naked, have un-rushed sex and just enjoy each other's bodies and caresses without fear of interruption. A private weekend away was just what we needed.
We borrowed my buddy's condo in Palm Desert, packed a couple of changes of clothing, some massage oil, bathing suits and beer, wine and vodka for cocktails. To avoid having to shop and plan meals, not to mention dishes and cleanup chores, we decided to eat out for the entire weekend.
But as they say, "...the best-laid plans of mice and men, oft go awry"!
As we drove to Palm Desert we decided to make a minor adjustment to our original plan and we would have our first night's dinner at the condo instead. Just something simple and quick to prepare; A couple of filet mignons, a few red potatoes and a couple of glasses of a nice cabernet. Tara suggested that I go to the grocery store to pick up the supplies while she unpacked our things.
Returning from the nearby market, as I turned into the condo complex, the van began to sputter and cough. Great, now we were going to have to spend time away from our special weekend getting the van repaired! Who knows how much that was going to cost?
I pulled into our parking spot and popped the hood to see what the problem was. I couldn't see anything obviously wrong. As I had driven past our condo, I noticed a barefoot man in shorts and a t-shirt washing out a Weber barbeque on the lawn of the condo next to ours. Observing that I had car trouble, he walked over and introduced himself. His name was Van and he was from Laguna Beach. I judged him to be about 10 years younger than me and in excellent physical shape for his age. He had a dark tan and that sun-bleached look of a surfer. He said that he was staying at his condo one last time before he loses it in his divorce settlement.
With Van's help, we shortly discovered a vacuum hose to the throttle had split at the end and fallen off. Van cut off the bad end, reattached it and the van was, once again, running fine. To thank him for his help, I offered him a beer. He quickly accepted.
We walk into the condo and Van sat at the breakfast bar while I put the steaks into the refrigerator and grabbed us a couple of beers. On the counter, I noticed that Tara had already prepared an iced pitcher of water infused with cucumber slices. As we sat at the bar, drinking our beers, I learned that Van was the owner of a Scuba Dive Shop in Laguna Beach and, yes, he IS a surfer! Just about the time I began to wonder why Tara had not wandered out from one of the back rooms I realized that Van had been repeatedly glancing out to the patio the whole time we were talking. As I turned to see what had been attracting his attention, Van said, "You are a lucky man, my friend!"!
As I stared through the sliding glass doors to the enclosed patio outside I spotted what had caught Van's attention. There was Tara!, ...sunbathing! ...completely naked!
Earlier, wondering what was taking me so long, Tara peeked out the door and had seen me pull into our parking spot. On an impulse, she confided later, she decided to surprise me by allowing me to "discover" her sunbathing nude to get the sexy weekend started. Expecting me to walk in the door momentarily, she quickly stripped her clothes off, grabbed a glass of cucumber-infused water and the suntan lotion off of the counter and ran out to lie out on the patio lounge, forgetting to grab a towel. With eyes closed, she pretended to be innocently sunbathing.
OH CRAP! I rushed to the sliding glass door, sliding it open and quickly rushing over to the head of her lounge chair, stopping, then realizing that Van had followed me out and was standing next to me, directly behind Tara's head. How will she react when I tell her we have company and he is standing right next to me while she is laying there in full, frontal naked, glory? Before I had a chance to say anything, Tara rolled over onto her stomach and without looking up, asks me if I would like to put suntan lotion on her. I froze. I stood there dumbfounded, unsure what I should say or do. Poking me in my upper arm, Van picks up the lotion, points, first to it, then to himself.
This is a unique situation that I could never have orchestrated in a thousand years. I appear to be in the middle of a real, live erotic fantasy story. A description of my wife is probably warranted at this point. Tara is quite attractive, petite, about 5'3", with honey-blond hair, smallish, pert breasts with a body kept fairly trim by yoga and Barre workouts. I've occasionally fantasized showing her off to another man but never expected to have that opportunity arise in reality. You need to understand that my wife is quite prudish when it comes to nudity beyond the confines of our house.
After a brief moment of indecision, realizing the uniqueness of this situation, I nod my head yes!
With Tara's head to one side, facing away from us, Van squirts an ample amount of lotion into his hand to warm it and starts to rub lotion on Tara's neck and back. I wonder, How long will we get away with this deception? What will she do when she catches us?
Van skips her ass and instead begins rubbing lotion on her feet and up her legs. Tara is lying there quietly, with eyes closed, seemingly enjoying the rubdown. I find myself getting completely aroused watching this complete stranger running his hands all over my wife's nude body. Van works applying lotion up to her thighs. As his hands move to her inner thighs I see her spread her legs further apart exposing her labia to our lecherous view.
I begin to get alarmed internally. Several concerns run quickly through my head. If she suspects that it isn't me, how will she react if he touches her in this most intimate way! I'm not quite sure I want him to touch her pussy! If she catches us in this deception, how will she react?
Just as I plan to grab his arm and end this fantasy, Van completes his ministrations to her inner thighs short of any contact with her pussy. He then looks over to me, wordlessly requesting approval to continue to her ass. I nod approval.
Van's hands gently apply lotion to her hips and thighs. Then, using his thumbs to apply firmer pressure, he begins to knead and massage her ass cheeks eliciting soft moans from my sweet wife. I'm not sure why, but I think it's possible, that she may be aware, at this point, that it is not me, but is pretending that she believes that it is rather than reacting to an awkward situation!
I reach down to Tara's water and grab out two cucumber slices. Gesturing to Van to move behind me, I ask Tara to roll over so I can get her front. If she suspects that it is not me lubing her up, this is where I should find out. After a little hesitation, She slowly turns over. Does she know and is she calling my bluff? I explain to her that I am putting two cucumber slices over her eyes to soothe them as they do at a spa, then wave Van back over to continue applying lotion.
Van smoothed lotion over her face, careful to not knock the cucumber slices off her eyes. He does her ears, then neck, and then works each arm. With the cucumber slices on her eyes, he is free to work from both sides. With the arms completed, it is time to give some attention to her pert, little breasts. Did I see her jump as she felt his touch on her breasts? If so, she continues in her pretense. Van takes extra attention applying the lotion to her breasts, giving her nipples special attention. In response, Tara emits a soft, little sigh and quiet moans escape her lips.
After doing her stomach, he moves next to her hips. In my nervousness, I move closer, inadvertently knocking over her water glass. I bent down to set it upright, picking up the remaining cucumber slices and ice cubes. When I finally turn back around to watch, I discover Tara had unbuttoned and unzipped Van's shorts. She is either not pretending but in full belief that it is me rubbing her with lotion or too turned on to stop herself, going along with the pretense for all it's worth! Grabbing his shorts and briefs together she slowly pulls them down.
She has not attempted to take the slices off of her eyes yet and is pulling Van's shorts down sensuously slowly. Does she actually know that it is not me and is trying to turn the tables on me by testing how far I will let this go? His shorts and briefs hit the ground. Van gestures to my shirt then pulls on his t-shirt. I'm wearing a short-sleeve shirt with buttons. He's wearing a t-shirt. He's letting me know that the different shirt will probably be noticed by Tara if she touches it so he quickly pulls it over his head and off.
I can't believe that I am standing here watching while a completely naked man rubs suntan lotion all over my wife's nude body! WTF? How did it go this far? Why do I find this so arousing? I am sporting a huge erection that seems to threaten the integrity of my zipper!
Blindly, Tara feels her way over and starts to caress Van's ass while he is applying suntan lotion to her hips, lower abs, then, climatically, to her pubic mound. At this, Tara repositions her hands to wrap one hand around his cock and with the other, gently cup his balls. She slowly begins to pump her fist up and down his shaft. I notice her legs, involuntarily, (I assume), open wider! Van's hands move lower to rub some lotion on her inner thighs, moving slowly closer to the lips of her pussy. Tara pulls his cock towards her ready to slip it into her mouth.
Reaching out and grabbing her forearm, I shout, "Wait".
Suddenly realizing that my voice came from a different direction than where my body was supposed to be, she quickly pulled off the cucumber slices. Looking first at Van standing above her, completely nude, then at me, she did a quick scan of the nearby area, finding no towel to cover herself with, she covered her pussy with one hand then throws her right arm across her boobs.
"What's going on?" she asks. Then immediately requests a towel or something to cover up with. I can't help but be surprised that Tara is not acting as overly embarrassed or as outraged as I would have expected her to be.
Feeling a little more confident that she is unexpectedly genuinely aroused by the situation, I point out to her that Van has seen and touched every square inch of your body so there is not much value in covering herself up at this point.
I noticed that as I explained the sequence of events leading up to this point, she laid there, still nude, without either running away or asking for something to cover her nudity.
Spotting a trickle of juice running down from her pussy to the lounge chair eventually creating a small pool underneath. I was confident that she was more sexually exciting than she was willing to admit. Risking pushing her boundaries beyond their limits, I suggested that since both she and Van are already naked, rather than her getting dressed, she should strip me, then we could all go in and have a nude cocktail hour and get to know each other. I pointed out to her that it's not likely we will ever see each other again after this weekend and that she should accept it is a once-in-a-lifetime experience to do something wicked, sexy and completely out of character. With surprisingly little pleading and reassurances from both Van and I, Tara finally agreed.
Standing, she slowly walked over to me, and Together, we moved into the kitchen, just inside the sliding glass doors, and sat on the bar stools at the breakfast bar. As we drink, our inhibitions wear away and no one appears to feel uncomfortable any longer about being nude. Surprisingly to me, Tara actually seems to be enjoying Van's frequent compliments and admiring glances. I guess Van is an attractive man so his attention and compliments appear to carry a certain amount of credibility.
After a couple of drinks, we all agree that it is time to call it a day. Van stands, walks around to the sink and places his empty glass into the sink. He then walks over to give Tara a close hug goodbye. Since there are both still naked, without forethought, Tara instinctively dropped her hand down to create a barrier between his exposed penis and her body. This had the unintended result of pressing his penis into the palm of her hand. At first awkward, Tara closed her fingers around his cock and gave a little squeeze.
Tara later told me that she thought since I couldn't see from where I was standing, WHY NOT! She reminded me that I said, "It was a once in a lifetime experience!" Van walked back out to the enclosed patio, gathered his clothing, got dressed and walked to the front door. As he opened the door to leave, he shouted back, "Nude cocktail hour at my place tomorrow!"
Tara whispers to me, "This is turning out to be a very interesting weekend. Meet you in the bedroom, NOW!"