Hi, Jorge here. I hope you liked this story I made and you enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it.
I welcome any criticism, but please remember this is my first story.
*****
Hello, and welcome to the journal where I write my dirty adventures. Let me begin by introducing myself: my name's Jorge Robles, I'm a 41 year old Latino P.E. coach at my local school, married and with two children. I'm rather short and stout, fairly in shape for my age, and attractive according to my wife and mother ;)
But what makes me remarkable among others is the size of my butt. You see, growing up in soccer ridden Latin America makes sure you develop a nice set of legs and ass, and a good set of genes don't hurt either. There's no way to conceal it, no matter what I wear. Jeans, sweatpants, suit pants, everything clings to my butt as a second skin, hugging my two ripe melons and showcasing them no matter what I wear. With the years, however, I've learned to accept it as a part of my life, and embrace it as so, especially because of the compliments and stares it attracts, from both females and males.
Now comes the tricky part though. As if a very big derriere wasn't enough, I'm also the proud owner of a very sensitive asshole. Even now and then, and since I was just a teenage, I get this urge, this itch that compels me to please my little pucker.
Indifferent of place and hour, this feeling can come, completely uninvited, and I just have to please it.
Sometimes my fingers are the only thing needed to satiate my craving, but most times my body calls for something bigger, thicker...
Let me tell you about today.
As a coach we are we expected to wear uncomfortably short clothes that make everyone look away when we walk through hallways. That's the part I enjoy more about my job, and also, the one I excel at the most.
For today, I'm choosing a blue Polo shirt and a red sports jacket. The sight of my still naked legs and ass is enough to turn me on, and, since I'm home alone, I suddenly decide that the underwear that's in my drawer just isn't good enough, and remember my wife made laundry the night before.
Did I forget to mention I live on the sixth floor of an apartment complex with both balconies facing the street?
As I strut almost naked through my living room, I see my neighbor from the building opposite from mine smoking a cigarette at his window. Deciding I'm a little overdressed for the occasion, I ditch my shirt and jacket and go for a little sun outside. The surprise in the guy's face was enough to make me horny, so I decided to give a little show. I looked at him directly in the eye, and, making as if a had forgotten something, I went back inside, making sure my ass was in the absolute spotlight. Once more outside after picking up a cigarette from the coffee table, I lean over the railing of the balcony and light it, allowing my growing erection to take the protagonism for a while, as I puff out a cloud of smoke directly at him, while caressing my nipples with my free hand. He just looks at me in disbelief for as long as the cigarette dies out, and when that happens, I decide it's time to get dressed. Conveniently, one of my wife's thongs is hanging from the lowest line in the dryer, so I bent over to reach it.
I feel the cool morning air caressing my asshole as well as my neighbor's burning gaze stuck on it, and that's more than I can take. I take the animal print thong and quickly I put it on, making sure doesn't get all the way in my crack. I take a look back to check on my neighbor, as I slide my hands down, slowly reaching my butt. I bent over once more and snap the string onto my asshole, moaning g wildly as it hits, once, twice... Until I hear some muffled groans coming from the other building.
My neighbor, with one hand on his mouth, and the other outside of the picture, was shaking softly as he tried to hide his orgasm.
With my task completed, I stood straight and went back inside, making sure once more to flaunt my big ass, now showcased by the yellow and brown thong, and realize I'm late for work. I dress up as quickly as possible, putting the same clothes I picked up early, some loose short shorts and my favorite cap, and I get inside my car, still horny as before.
As i start up my car, I reach to the glove box and take a little closed box.
If you had been paying attention, you might have an idea of what it contains. It's a long commute to school after all...