Good day, reader. If you haven't read previous installments of Red Roses, don't worry; this chapter can stand on its own. For those who've read the previous parts, I apologize for this taking so long. I switched point-of-view from Justin to Trish for a couple chapters. This one will be a little more fun, with some heavier, darker stuff on the horizon.
As always, standard rules about my lousy copy-editing apply. No matter how many times I proofread something, a few typos slip through (yes, I agree, I *should* take the time to get an editor). And whether you love the tale or hate it, all feedback is welcome, though if you hate it, telling me why helps me get better. Thanks!
#
Justin inserted the key card, swung the door open, and plopped the carry-on bag on the floor, propping it open. He turned his crooked smile towards me and offered his hands. "Should I carry you over the threshold?"
I gave him an arch look. "Of course you should."
Without warning, I jumped at him. His eyes widened in surprise but his hands caught me around the torso. I wrapped my legs around his waist and smothered his face with my lips. Justin's hands slid down to my rear end and pulled me close. He staggered through the door as I kept raining soft kisses on him. I noticed his foot kick the bag further into the room. Freed of the obstruction, the heavy hotel door swung shut.
He took a few steps towards the bed and flopped our tangled bodies towards it. We landed on our sides, facing each other. I giggled as we bounced. Justin grinned at me. "Welcome to your honeymoon suite, Mrs. Halstrom."
I couldn't hide my own smile.Well, why not smile?I asked myself.This is where we've been heading our whole lives, even though we almost screwed it up.
Admittedly, our whole courtship was crazy. In the process of going from "best friends since childhood," to "friends with weird benefits," to "lovers," we'd had no shortage of pitfalls. Any number of things could have derailed us. But here we were, two years after I first handed him that envelope for our role-playing scenarios, now husband and wife.
I touched my lips against his again. Both of us closed our eyes. I concentrated on the sensation of his body against mine. Justin's hand found my cheek and gently caressed it, eliciting a thrill from deep in my body. His mouth was soft and warm, as always. I edged back and gazed at him.
Justin opened his eyes, caught my stare, and whispered, "What are you thinking?"
"Just how much I love you."
"Same. I'm sorry this is only for three days."
"Stop it." Because of our hectic work schedule, we'd agreed on a three-day honeymoon for now, with a longer vacation planned a few months from now, when we both expected things to be easier. I was just fine with it. I pinched his nose. "That just means you get three days to show you how much you love me."
His eyes narrowed in a hungry, predatory look. I swallowed and started to tremble in anticipation. Every time I saw that look, it meant that I was about to get ravaged—and I loved the idea.
A hard knock echoed from the hall.
Justin blinked. He glanced at the door and sighed before getting up. It was all I could do not to pout.
Justin opened the door to reveal one of the resort's porters, bringing our luggage. While Justin dealt with him, I got up, opened the french double doors leading to the balcony, and stepped outside. The salty tang of the ocean air wafted past my nose and the sounds of celebration and laughter drifted up to the seventh floor, where our room lay. Laid out in a semi-circular arc, the hotel encompassed the pavilions below. Even in the post-sunset twilight, the lush gardens and courtyard, containing the pool and bar, still hopped with happy, festive tourists. Beyond the hotel grounds, couples strolled the beach. The faint rhythm of party music sounded in the distance. I gazed at the wings of the building curving away. Other resort-goers sat on the balcony, stared over the ocean, or chatted and laughed together.
Warm hands encircled my waist. I tilted my head to the left. Justin kissed the right side of my neck. "Got all our bags. Everything's here." Another kiss.
"Mmm-hmm."
"How are you feeling? Tired?"
As he said it, I realized I was. It had been a whirlwind week of wedding events. We'd flown home to Atlanta from Tampa a few days before, had an early morning of preparation, a brief ceremony, dance-filled reception, a quick change of clothes, saying goodbye to everyone, and then a five-hour flight and journey to the motel here in Nassau. I said, "A little. I should be, it's been a full day." I chuckled. "I'm not sure my mother was ever going to stop crying. Yours either."
"I know," he said. "They still think we're crazy."
"They'll be okay." I faced him and placed my hands behind his neck. Justin's eyes probed mine and found myself falling into those windows of his soul. "Now, Mr. Halstrom, I believe it is time for you to consummate this marriage properly."
"Oh, do you?"
"Yes—though I'm afraid you won't be able to show everyone a blood-stained bed sheet tomorrow that proves my virtue."
He raised a mocking eyebrow. "Do you have any virtue left?"
"Very little, sir. You've already taken what little remained."
Our lips met. Despite my fatigue, my body tingled. He said, "That's fine."
He took my hand and led me to the bed. We doused the lights and shimmied out of our travel clothes.
It was nice. Gentle and loving. We didn't do anything different. Justin took his time, kissing my whole body, then tonguing my snatch until I reached a brief orgasm. He worked his way up my body and slid inside. Justin's cock felt as good as it ever had; each thrust filled me nicely and feeling him pushing me apart was every bit as wonderful as the first time we were together. We whispered our love into each others' ears until he came. We spooned together, with Justin on the outside. His arm pulled my hips back against him. He fell asleep in seconds.
I smiled too since I knew Justin had to be exhausted. His best man, Ben, told me Justin had barely slept because he was so nervous. I hoped he'd sleep well with me. I could feel his juice running out of me and debated getting up but shrugged; we were already comfortable and I'd have a shower in the morning.
I considered our first sex as husband and wife. It had been ... fine, I guess. Pleasant. Nothing too extravagant—certainly not among our best sessions.
Stop it, I told myself.You're both exhausted. Not every time we have sex is going to blow our socks off. You've got several days here. Give the guy a chance.
That thought made me relax. I snuggled into him and promptly fell asleep.
I woke to a soft breeze caressing my hair. Stray strands drifted over my face. I wrinkled my nose and blinked my eyes open. Sunlight streamed in the open balcony doors. I sat up in the bed, clutching the sheet to my chest.
"Good morning, Mrs. Halstrom." Justin sat beside me on the bed. He only wore a pair of cargo shorts. Justin leaned toward me and gave me a quick peck. "Sleep well?"
"Mmm-hmm. You?"
"Like a baby." He hefted a porcelain cup. "Ready for coffee?"
"Yes, thanks. You went to get coffee?"
"Room service." He smiled and gestured to a silver cart with a white linen cloth draped over it. Various dishes covered the cart. "We have a full breakfast over here. Don't worry, I covered you up before the waiter rolled that in."
I blushed and lowered my eyes. Justin and I had been friends since we were children. We'd remained so past college. As we transitioned to lovers, even with my crazy scheme for us to fulfill some of my fantasies, my modesty remained. I know it was a product of my upbringing and there were times I resented my parents for it. I'd gotten better with Justin, but the thought of a man wheeling a cart into the room and catching sight of my naked body—even covered by a sheet that must have molded itself to my form—brought a pink heat to my cheeks.
That wasn't all, I shifted and was shocked to feel a flutter in my groin.
I blinked and looked a Justin. "Tell me you got some grapefruit."
"Of course I did."
My stomach growled. I rose from the bed, pulling the sheet around my front. I felt Justin's eyes tracking me; I could almost feel his gaze tracing my bare back, gliding over the contours of my shoulders and ribs, down to my waist, and then my butt. Justin has always loved my rear end, which is good, because I work damn hard to keep it in shape.
I turned my head slightly, just bringing him into my field of view over my shoulder. I shot him a smoldering gaze. "You better eat too, big boy. You have to keep your strength up."
He lay back, though his eyes never left me. "I already did. Now I'm just enjoying the show."
His comment elicited another blush from me and I shook my head.How does he do that so easily?I helped myself to some fruit and a croissant and returned to the bed. In between bites, I said, "What's on the agenda today?"
"It's our honeymoon, sweetie. It's whatever you want it to be. You want to hit the beach?"
At his words, the curtains by the balcony stirred and I shivered. "It might be a little cold this morning. Maybe this afternoon. The Carnival starts tomorrow, right?"
"Yeah, tomorrow night."
"That'll probably be fun." I thought for a moment. We'd been living in Tampa together for the past year and had already done a lot of the fun things one might consider trying on a honeymoon in the Bahamas, like snorkeling or riding jet skis. I knew we'd chosen Nassau for the Carnival but after all the rush of the wedding, all the hectic running around, I just wanted to spend some relaxing time with my favorite person in the whole world. "Would you like to just go out and walk around a bit?"
"That sounds good. After showers, I think."
Justin hopped off the bed and went to the suite's massive bathroom to spool up the shower. I took a few last bites, stood, and exited to the balcony. The white mortar and bricks of the resort glowed under the brilliant Caribbean sun. I squinted and raised my hand to shield my eyes A few folks moved through the courtyard below. I inhaled the mild air and sighed in contentment.
Motion to the left and a few floors down drew my eye.
About a hundred feet away, a woman emerged onto her own balcony. She was about my height, though much wider through the bust and hips. I think most men would have called her "thick" or "voluptuous" rather than fat. Her long blonde braid reached her waist. She was also stark naked.
I gasped.
The woman raised her hands over her head and stretched, arching her back. I imagined I could almost hear her groan of contentment as her muscles released. She thrust her heavy chest out in front of her.
It's a wonder those things don't tip her off balance.I giggled at the thought.
A man stepped onto the balcony behind her, just as nude as she was. He was tall and broad through the shoulders, with a bodybuilder's physique. A trimmed beard accompanied his close-cropped black hair. His cock ... well, what can I say? Some men and "growers" and some are "showers," and this guy was definitely a "shower." He must have been nine inches long limp. I winced; I'd never been with anyone that big and didn't want to. Justin was almost seven inches and nice and thick, and even he could get uncomfortably deep if I got in the wrong position. I never wanted to try anything bigger, not even a toy. Still, the man's tool was quite a sight to behold.
The man stepped behind the blonde and wrapped his arms around her waist. He whispered something in her ear. She smiled, reached behind, and stroked his cock, which began rising to the occasion. His own hands rose, cupping her breasts. He pinched a nipple and she laid her head back against him. After a moment of her ministrations, the man was fully hard. His dick stood out like a flagpole. The blonde turned and sank to her knees.
I trembled, embarrassed. I knew I should have stepped inside, not intruded on their private moment. But then I thought,How private can it be if they're on a hotel balcony where anyone can see?
The woman placed one hand on the man's hips. With the other, she guided his dong to her lips. She kissed the tip and smiled up at him as she gently stroked his shaft. For his part, the man held her face in his hands and stared back at her.
She slurped him inside and bobbed her head down the length of his cock. Despite the heat in my cheeks, I was impressed that she got all of it into her mouth. She rocked back and forth while the man watched her. His hand reached down and stroked her breast, pausing only to pinch the nipple. After about two minutes of this, the blonde stood, took his hand, and stepped inside, dragging him behind. Just as he was about to enter, the man glanced my way and grinned. I dropped my eyes, chagrined to have been caught watching. When I looked again, they were gone.
I raised my hand. The fingers shook. My entire body quivered and my breath came in short gasps. Amazement struck me. Just watching the pair for a moment had almost brought me to an orgasm.
Justin came to the doors. "Shower's ready."
I whirled, lunged through the door, and threw my hungry body into his arms, dropping the sheet behind me. I rammed my tongue into his mouth. My momentum carried us onto the bed. Justin's strong hands closed on my shoulders and I shuddered. I was dripping wet, no doubt about it. I pulled myself off him, dug my fingers into his hips, and all but ripped his pants down his legs. His prick was already hardening and I wasted no time in engulfing it in my mouth. The soft flesh solidified between my lips as I devoured his manhood. I was so exuberant that I heard his hissed gasp of discomfort. I figured the pressure and speed were a little too intense for him but I was beyond caring. The moment he was hard, I jumped up, grabbed his hands, and pulled him to his feet.
Justin's eyes were slightly wild. "Trish?"
"Fuck me. Fuck me hard."
I lurched and fell over the bed. I spread my feet, planted them on the floor, and raised my ass. I glanced back at Justin standing there, slightly awestruck. I tried not to yell. "Come on!"
Lust covered his face. He grabbed his dick in one hand and my hip with the other. I felt the head part my lips.
I dug my hands into the bedspread.
His first thrust almost knocked me off my feet. His cock lanced deep into me and I groaned. Justin's free hand snaked up my back and buried itself in the roots of my hair. He tugged my head back as his swollen member plundered my pussy. With every thrust, ripples of delight pulsed through my abdomen. My legs started to shake as my orgasm mounted. I had to force the word from between clenched teeth. "Yes, baby, fuck me!"
Primordial grunts were his only response. His hand released my hair. He held both hips and yanked me back with each thrust. I felt him swell inside me and that was all it took to push me over the edge. I shrieked and went rigid. My orgasm tore through me, tensing every muscle in my body. A second later, Justin growled. A sloppy wet heat flooded my loins but he kept right on thrusting. Waves of my orgasm gradually faded and Justin's assault slowed.
I panted for breath. "Oh ... oh damn. Baby, that was ... was ..."
"Fucking fantastic," he said.
"Yeah, that."
I lowered my face to the bed and tried to catch my breath. Justin slumped behind me, doing the same. He rested his body against mine. His cock was still in me.
That was intense,I thought,more so than any sex we've had outside our role-playing encounters. I was so keyed up.I bit my lip.It was from watching those two. They knew I was watching and they seemed to like it. I did too.
Another thought occurred.Oh, God. What is Justin going to say? Maybe he'll let it go, chalk it up to me being happy to be on our honeymoon.
God has a sense of humor. No sooner had I thought that when Justin murmured, "What brought that on?"
I admit, I briefly considered making something up but I couldn't. For one, Justin knew me too well. Aside from my lover, he was absolutely my best friend. He'd sense a lie. But more important, even though I was a little shy to discuss it, he was my husband. My confidante. He deserved honesty. I said, "Why don't I tell you while we get cleaned up? You have the shower going, right?"
"That sounds good." He pulled out of me and my body protested, reminding me of nothing so much as a baby that's had its bottle taken away. It just felt so perfect and right for him to be inside me that when he left, I actually felt less complete.
I stood and draped my arms around his shoulders. "You know I love you, right?"
"I know. I love you too." He raised an eyebrow. "Is that a way to sugarcoat what you want to tell me?"
"No. I just like saying it." I gave him a quick kiss. "Let's go shower."
We soaped each other. Justin cleaned every inch of me. Some guys might have used it as an opportunity to cop another feel. I wouldn't have cared if he had but his actions were caring and gentle, as if he really wanted to make sure I was clean from head to toe. His consideration made me feel loved and treasured. I returned the favor and told him about what I had seen on the balcony. When I was done, he said, "That sounds hot."
"It was."
"Be honest, Trish. How did you feel when the guy looked at you?"
I lowered my eyes, blushing for what felt like the tenth time that morning. "I couldn't believe they were doing it right out in public like that. It was brazen."
"And exciting?"
I knelt and scrubbed his legs—which was fortunate timing since I didn't have to look him in the eyes. "Yes."
"Hmm." Justin's voice was pensive. "Very interesting."
I glanced up at him. "Meaning?"
The corners of his mouth turned up in a smile. "Nothing. Let's finish up in here."
#
We walked hand-in-hand through the Straw Market and along Bay Street. Aggressive streets vendors swirled around us and other tourists, and shouts hawking their wares filled the air. We poked through the storefronts—not because we needed anything but just because we enjoyed the pleasant morning together. Every now and again, I stole a glance at Justin and I swelled with love. If someone had asked me years ago if we would have ever gotten together, I would have just laughed it off. He'd been my best friend for decades. It took us almost losing each other for me to realize that he was the other half of my soul. Now I had him and I'd never let him go.
We wandered south out of the market area and climbed the Queen's Staircase to old colonial Fort Fincastle, at the highest point on the island. I gazed out over the sapphire waters of the ocean and the beauty of Nassau. A feeling of contentment settled over me. "Spectacular view," I murmured.
"Yeah." Justin shielded his eyes with his free hand.
"I'm glad you're here to share it with me."
He squeezed my hand in response.
We ate lunch at a streetside cafe, then made our way back to the resort. No sooner was the door to our room closed than I started peeling off my sundress. "I think I'm ready to hit the beach."
Justin undressed and pulled out a bathing suit. I pulled out a modest bikini and a wrap. Ten minutes later, we were on our way down the resort's stretch of shore.
I kicked off my flip-flops the moment we reached the beach. Warmth from the white sands massaged my feet with each step and the ocean breeze tickled my hair. Sunlight glinted off the soft waves rolling to shore and the low hubbub of a thousand beach-goers filled the air.
Justin staked us out a pair of empty beach chairs. I shed my wrap and smirked at Justin who said, "You make me want to be a bathing suit." I blushed again; my two-piece was modest, and not cut to be too revealing. Still, as I glanced around the nearby beach, I caught several men checking me out and I felt a little thrill of excitement. The thought made me laugh. I'd been an accountant for several years. I'd fought through tough situations, argued with CEOs of corporations worth billions, and won. I was a respected professional. And yet, I was still a woman, and like most women I knew, I enjoyed an appreciative glance now and again.
Justin had already reclined on a chair. I bent over him and gave him a quick kiss before settling in myself. I coated my limbs, belly, and face in sunscreen, lay back, and let the fingers of sunshine massage my skin. Justin did the same and other than reaching out for a quick pat on the arm or leg, we were still and quiet. After a half-hour, I turned over and hefted the sunscreen bottle. "Hey, baby. Want to rub some of this on me?"
"You know it."
I folded my arms under my head, closed my eyes, and sighed as Justin's strong hands glided over my back and shoulders, then down my legs. I hated sunscreen but I'd burn without it and it gave me an excuse to enjoy his hands on my skin. When he was done, Justin tapped me lightly on the rump. "Good to go, babe."
I smiled, both at his attention and his open display of affection. "Thank you."
"Hey, Trish." Justin's tone was intrigued, as if something had absorbed his interest. "Check those two out."
I opened my eyes, raised my head, and followed his gaze.
The couple walked along the beach, just at the edge of the surf, holding hands. I paled. It was the two from the balcony.
The man wore a pair of long, loose gray shorts and mirrored sunglasses but his muscular torso was bare. His pecs and shoulders rippled with every step. Both his body-language and stride conveyed strength and confidence. He kept glancing at his companion.
The blonde woman walked beside him, clad in a pale green bikini that was nothing more than a couple of scraps of cloth held together by dental floss. The top left the sides and underneath of her big breasts bare and the bottom part of her suit barely covered anything. The entire cascade of wheaten hair swayed with each step.
I kept my voice down. "Justin, that's the couple that was on the balcony."
"Really?" He grinned at me. "I can see why you watched."
The man's head turned towards me. I couldn't see his eyes but I could feel his probing gaze. A small smile lit his lips. He leaned towards the blonde woman and said something. She looked at me, then smiled as well, and wiggled her fingers at me in a slight wave. I felt a new heat and not from the sun. Both she and man laughed as they strode down the beach. Despite blushing furiously, I noted that the back of the woman's suit was nothing more than a string that disappeared in the crack of her ass. Her meaty butt cheeks rolled with every step she took.
"You okay, sweetie?"
I blinked and looked at Justin. He stared at me, one eyebrow raised. I glanced about and saw that every other man on the beach—and most of the women—watched the couple stroll away. Everyone except my husband, who gazed at me with a slightly concerned look on his face.
Every guy on the beach is staring at that woman. But Justin only has eyes for me.My heart swelled with adoration. I said, "I'm fine, why?"
"It looks like a whole host of emotions ran through your mind just now and the last look on your face was apprehension. I was just checking." He jerked his head in the direction the other couple had gone. "You thinking about them?"
"No, not really. It was ... it was exciting to watch, like I said. But I was a little embarrassed at being caught."
"You shouldn't have been. I think they wanted watchers. They wanted to put on a show. Why else would they be on the balcony in broad daylight?"
"I guess so." The couple had continued up the beach, and continued to turn the heads of those nearby.
Justin smiled. "It's okay if you liked it."
"Do you?"
He pondered for a moment. "I don't know. I've never watched. I guess I wouldn't know until I tried."
My voice trembled a little. Nobody was sitting close enough to us to hear us, which is the only reason I was able to continue. "Is ... is it something you would want to do?"
"What? Watch?"
"Be watched."
He cocked his head. "I don't know. Probably not. More than anything, I'd worry about someone filming it or pictures getting on the internet or something. With all the government contracts we're getting into now, that's the last thing I'd need to deal with at work—not to mention what my parents would say."
"Oh, God." I loved my parents but they were deeply religious. The thought of my straight-laced mother—a woman who had probably never said the word "orgasm" aloud—seeing a picture of me engaged in sex acts in public ... I shivered. "That would probably put my mom and dad in the ground."
Justin nodded. "But if you were to, you know, catch a rerun of their balcony show, I wouldn't be averse to watching with you."
"You wouldn't?"
"Not with you. Not at all."
I dug my nails into my palms. I was suddenly so wet I was afraid my bikini would show it. "Justin, I think we need to go back to the room."
"Huh? You okay?"
"Yeah, fine, I just ... uhm, I have something I need to show you. Please."
He quietly gathered our stuff as I quickly donned my wrap and sandals. I took his hand as we walked back to the hotel. We made the stroll through the pool area and the elevator ride in silence. I kept shifting my weight. I'm sure it looked to him like I was anxious or nervous.
I was really rubbing my thighs together to try to keep my throbbing pussy under control. It wasn't helping, though.
Justin opened our door and held it for me. He came in behind me. "Trish? Are you sure you're—"
I leaped at him and knocked us both on the bed.
I don't think he expected that. A few hours later, after he'd come twice and me multiple times, I didn't think he had minded.
#
We ate dinner at one of the resort restaurants. Justin had a rock lobster plate and I had a conch salad, both of which were pretty good. When we were done, we hit the attached club, had a few drinks, and danced a bit. Justin and I had both practiced some dancing at home and we did pretty well on the floor. I'd worn a knee-length red-dress that whirled around as Justin spun me. The thought of men catching a glimpse of my bikini-cut black panties was a little exhilarating. I did notice a few men checking me out but also caught a handful of women eyeing Justin. He wore an open-collared shirt and slacks and looked pretty damn fine himself. I made sure to stick close and mildly glared at anyone I caught looking at him. Fortunately, his eyes never left me.
A couple of men asked me to dance but I declined all offers. After the third one, Justin smiled and said, "I'm definitely lucky."
"How so?"
"I have the best-looking woman in the club on my arm."
"Ditto. Well, the best-looking man, I mean."
We danced some more and had a few more drinks, then headed back to our room. We'd had a full day and already fucked a bunch, so we made gentle love one last time before sleep, which was fine. I was with my husband and that was all that mattered.
I woke the next morning just as I felt Justin slide out of bed. I watched him walk naked to the restroom and, feeling rather contented, I relaxed against the pillow as I waited. He emerged and saw that I was awake. I grinned. "Good morning, lover."
"Good morning, sexy lady." He bent over me and kissed my cheek. "Sleep well?"
"Mmm-hmm. You?"
"Not bad at all. What do you want to do today?"
I sat up, letting the sheets fall from my chest. Justin's eyes lingered on my breasts. I laughed at that; he'd seen, held, kissed them so many times, and still never got tired of them. It didn't make sense. Then my eyes flicked to his cock and I shivered.Okay, that makes sense. Anticipation.
I cleared my throat. "How about some breakfast first and we decide together?" I remembered something. "Oh, Carnival starts tonight, right?"
"Yeah."
"Let's keep it low-key for the day, then."
He took my hand and raised it to his lips. "As you wish, my queen."
"Stop that." I jerked my hand away but I couldn't stop the smile spreading over my face. "You're so corny."
"And you love it."
I glanced at the open balcony doors. We'd left them open all night and the cool night breeze had made it very comfortable. The soft glow of pre-dawn decorated the sky with faint yellow light.
I stood and went to the balcony, dragging the sheet across me, as I had the first day. As soon as I stepped out, I looked down at the balcony where I had seen my "friends" the day before. Their doors were still closed and sighed, surprised in my disappointment.For all you know, they already checked out,I thought.Still, I ... I wouldn't have minded another show.
Justin stepped out behind me and slid his hands around my waist. "Looking for your performers?"
I blushed. "How did you know?"
"I know you, Trish." He craned his head around. "Which room is theirs?"
I counted. "To our left. Drop down two floors and over six rooms."
"How can you be sure?"
"It's the only balcony where the chairs are stacked to the side." I laughed. "Probably to give them more room to play."
"Probably." he gave me one last squeeze. "I'm going to call for breakfast."
"Okay, baby."
He went back in. I heard him speaking to room service, then rifling through his suitcase looking for clothes. He called, "You coming in?"
I inhaled the crisp morning air. "In a moment."
"Okay. I'm going to push the door shut but not latched, so the waiter doesn't get a look at that magnificent ass of yours."
"No?"
"It might save me a tip but I'd rather slip him a five."
I snickered. Justin did pull the door shut and shut the curtain, leaving me isolated on my small island of concrete, suspended well above the world.
That's my man, always thinking of me. But ... how would I feel if I gave the waiter an ass shot?I pondered it for a moment.Mortified. Deathly embarrassed.I paused.Naughty as hell. I could just nudge open the door, just a little—
I blinked and shook my head.Wait, what the fuck am I thinking?
The doors on another nearby balcony opened. I glanced down at the performers' room but it wasn't them. It was two rooms over on the same floor. I clutched the sheet around me a little tighter.
A tall African-American woman in her forties emerged. She wore her hair in dreadlocks. Between that and her strong facial features, she possessed a certain beauty common in strong-willed, self-confident people. She saw me and nodded before lighting a cigarette. "Good morning."
"Hi," I said, trying not to act self-conscious. Standing alone on the balcony in a sheet was one thing; carrying on a conversation was a little more uncomfortable.
The woman gestured at the performers' balcony. "You come out for an encore?"
"I'm sorry?"
"Those two down there, they put on quite a show. My husband and I caught the late show last night." She blew out a stream of smoke. "Made him quite amorous for the rest of the evening. I think I'm lucky to be walking."
"I see. I, uh, haven't seen them this morning." I couldn't tell if I was more uncomfortable with the woman's open admission or more disappointed at having missed that show.
The woman shrugged. "They exerted a lot of energy last night. I'm sure they're sleeping it off. You here with someone?"
"My husband. We're on our honeymoon."
"Congratulations." The woman smiled. "I hope you have fun. This is our third time here for Carnival. This resort's great, there's so much to do. I'm Celeste. We're here from Las Vegas."
"Trish. We're from Tampa, though we grew up in Atlanta."
"Never been to Tampa but I love Atlanta. It's a nice town." She took a last drag on her cigarette and ground it out in the ashtray on the balcony table. "Nice to meet you, Trish. You and hubby have a pleasant day, you hear? Maybe we'll see you around."
I nodded and smiled, and she vanished into her room.
Our door opened and Justin stepped out. "You talking to someone?"
"Oh, the lady two rooms over. She, uh, asked me about the performers. She said they put on a show last night."
"I guess we missed it." Justin snapped his fingers. "Next time. Come on in, breakfast is ready."
I traipsed inside, drawn by the smell of coffee and fresh-baked bread. The silver cart stood where it had been the previous day. When I reached for my clothes, Justin said, "You know, you could just sit naked with me."
I stared at him. "Uhm ..."
"Here." He whipped off his shirt, dropped his pants, and grinned at me. "More comfortable now?"
I let the sheet fall. His gaze practically caressed my breasts and hips and my nipples hardened. Blushing again, I quickly took a seat.
Justin served us breakfast. When he was done, he plucked a small vase from the tray and placed it in the center of the table between us. I stared at it. The vase contained an orange flower. The hue of the flower was deepest at the center, fading to a pastel shade at the edges. I looked at him. "What's this?"
"An orange rose, obviously."
"And? Just what does this one mean?"
"Orange roses are for excitement and enthusiasm."
I snorted. "Did you go online, looking up the meanings of rose colors?"
He smiled. "Guilty. But it seems like the important events of our love life have come with them. Red roses for love and passion. That coincided with our encounters. You brought a white rose, for innocence and purity, when you came to me. Now I offer you an orange rose."
He plucked the rose and extended it to me. With slightly trembling fingers, I took the flower and raised it to my nose. The sweet aroma tickled my nostrils. "Okay. What message are you conveying?"
"Trish, this is our honeymoon. I want you to enjoy it."
"I am. I'm here with the man I love." I passed it back to him.
Justin took the rose and returned it to the vase. "I know. I feel the same way but that's not what I mean. Sweetie, I know you. I know what messages your folks beat into your head. I see how flustered you got talking about the performers down there."
Just that mention was enough to make my cheeks heated again.
Justin caught it. "See? I raise the subject and you get a little embarrassed." He reached across the table and took my hand. "Trish, you never have to be embarrassed with me. Never."
My voice was soft. "I know. But even with you, do you know how hard it was for me to bring myself to even offer you the envelope that first night? I've known and adored you almost my whole life and I was still trembling. I had to drink several glasses of wine to get up the nerve. Then when I came to see you in Tampa, and I knew we had to discuss it, I was shaking so hard I was afraid I was going to be ill."
"I think it's actually easier for you tohavesex than to talk about it, isn't it?"
I nodded. It was. "I guess Mom and Dad's conditioning still runs deep."
"I know. I'm glad that you trust me enough to at least discuss it now. But something our encounters showed me is that you do like sex. You just need the right nudge to let it out. Oh, and by the way, don't think I didn't connect the blowjob you saw, and then seeing that couple on the beach, with the two times you went animal on me." He laughed. "I'm not complaining."
"Uh ..."
"You obviously like watching. It's okay, babe. I do want you to enjoy yourself and maybe try some new things out. I'm game to experiment." He took my hand and his smile faded. "Don't get me wrong. I mean, I'll never share you with another person or anything like that—"
"Oh God, Justin. I don't want that!"
"Good. But if you want to let your hair down and be a little more daring, this is the time. I'll be right there with you the whole time, okay?" He squeezed my hand.
I eyed the orange rose.Excitement and enthusiasm. And he just promised he'd protect me and take care of me.My eyes met his and my voice lowered to a soft whisper. "Okay. I trust you. And I love you, Justin. Very much."
He smiled again. "Same. Eat up. We have a full day ahead of us."
#
I told myself I wasn't looking for the two performers, though the first thing I did was glance at their balcony. They weren't out but Celeste was. She sat with her feet on the balcony railing. Her short robe fell back to mid-thigh. Her legs were solid muscle, which didn't surprise me; she was a solid woman through and through. A cigarette dangled from her fingers.
With her was a tall, bald, and rather slender African-American man, also wearing a short hotel robe.
Celeste glanced at me and smiled as I stepped out. "Afternoon, Trish."
"Hello." I nodded to the man as he turned his head to me.
He grinned. His white teeth shone like a beacon. "Ken. Nice to meet you."
Ken eyed me with appreciation but without lecherous intent, for which I was grateful. Celeste seemed nice enough and I would have been super-uncomfortable with him perving on me right in front of her.
The curtains swirled and Justin emerged. He put his hands on my waist and kissed my cheek. "Hey, you."
"Hey." I motioned with my head. "Meet Celeste and Ken."
They introduced themselves. Ken said, "You all going downtown for Carnival tonight?"
"That's the plan," Justin said.
"It's a hoot," Celeste said. "I know one of the hospitality liaisons here at the resort and got a few peeks at the floats and costumes planned. Tonight's look okay but tomorrow night's look amazing. And daring."
I cocked my head. "Daring? What do you mean?"
"Tomorrow night's will be a little more adult-oriented. That's why tomorrow night's parade doesn't start until midnight." Celeste took a drag, then ground out her cigarette. "We're going to go down and catch that one. I think we'll just go to a club tonight."
"Which club?" Justin asked. "We talked about hitting one ourselves."
Ken pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose. "Dumont's, on Main Street. It's the best dance club and bar in Nassau. If you want to go there, get in the door before seven, or you'll never make it."
I glanced at my watch. It was a few minutes to five.
Celeste stood, faced slightly away from us, and stretched her hands over her head. Her robe rode up her legs, just revealing the inflection point between her thighs and the curvature of her moon-shaped bottom. I glanced at Justin but he had already averted his eyes, though he had a slight smile on his face.
Celeste put her hand on the lapels of Ken's robe. "Maybe we'll see you all at Dumont's. If not, have a good evening. In the meantime, Ken has something to attend to." She dragged him through the door to their room. Ken looked at us and winked before following. Their door shut gently behind him.
I donned what I hoped was a playful scowl. "You get a good look at her ass?"
"Ass?" Justin whistled, put his hands in his pockets, and stared at the ocean. "I have no idea what you're talking about."
I giggled. "Sure, you don't."
"It must be something in the air here."
"Meaning?"
Justin put his arm around me. "You think she didn't do that on purpose? Of course she did. Everyone in this hotel seems to want to run around naked. Maybe it's in the water, not the air. Did you want to check out the club, or still go to the street parade? Or something else entirely?"
"I had a good time dancing last night. Let's check that out the club. We can go hit the street party tomorrow night."
He grinned. "For the more adult show?"
"Yes. That."
I ran through the shower while Justin ordered us a light dinner. I came out to find room service had already delivered. We ate quickly, then Justin decided to rinse off too. He disappeared into the bathroom. I briefly considered joining him but if we wanted to get downtown by seven, we didn't have time for shower antics.
I hefted my knee-length red dress. It was one of my favorites and I knew Justin liked it. I smiled, laid it on the bed, and reached for the bra and panties I'd laid out. But I hesitated.
Should I?I took a deep breath.Dare to be free, Trish.
I was dressed by the time Justin came out, wrapped in just a towel. He'd shaved and combed his hair. I wolf-whistled at him and he laughed. Fifteen minutes later, we were on our way.
I saw what Ken meant the moment we got close; it was only six-thirty but there was already a line forming at Dumont's. Fortunately, it was only a few people deep, so we joined the queue. Justin held my hand as we watched the Carnival-goers in their colorful costumes stride past. We watched and chatted and before we knew it, we were at the head of the line. I glanced behind us and was shocked; the line now stretched to the corner of the block. A few minutes later, a tipsy couple staggered out. The bouncer unhooked the velvet rope, smiled, and waved us through.
Heavy bass music and the smell of smoke accosted us as we entered. I wrinkled my brow. Dumont's looked like every other club we'd ever been to, back States-side. It took me a moment to realize why. It was because the place was filled with American tourists. The only natives appeared to be the employees. When I said as much to Justin—yelling in his ear so he could hear me—he replied, "You want to go?"
"No, we're already here. Let's just hang out and have a good time."
A lively dance number came up, so we hit the floor. Justin placed one foot in front of him. I straddled his leg and ground against it to the beat of the music. His hands drifted down and clenched my ass. Almost immediately, he paused. "Trish?"
"Yes?"
"Are you ... did you go without—" He motioned towards my waist.
I thought I would blush. Instead, the exuberance of the music only brought a naughty glint to my eyes. "I did, so you better be careful. If you spin me too hard and whirl this dress up, every man in here will get a glimpse of what you own."
Fire raged in Justin's eyes. For one split second, my good mood faltered; I thought I'd made him mad. Then he grabbed me by my lower back and pulled hips to his. Hard as granite, his cock throbbed against my belly. He growled, "Only I get to touch."
"That's right, baby. Only you get to touch." I caressed his lips with one finger.
We resumed dancing. Justin clutched me tight. He whirled me once. My skirt spun up, above my knees. He did it again, and the dress rose a little higher, halfway up my thighs.
Was anyone looking?My breath came in gasps. I was trembling. I was also incredibly wet.
The fast-paced music tapered off, replaced by a slower number. Many of the couples fell around us fell into each other's arms. I said, "Can we get a drink?"
"Good idea."
We wove through the crowd to the bar. I ordered a white wine, Justin a screwdriver. The accountant in me scoffed at the exorbitant prices but I just reminded myself that it was our honeymoon and to relax and enjoy. Dancing had brought a light sheen of sweat to my forehead, which I wiped away. We chatted for a bit and finished our drinks just as the music picked up again. Justin took my hand and led me back to the dance floor.
Justin held me close again—by the shoulders this time. I rubbed my bra-less tits against his chest. Nothing separated our skin but two thin sheets of fabric. The friction sent a delicious thrill through me. My nipples hardened and I flushed, knowing that anyone who looked would see my arousal.
"Trish." Justin jerked his head to the left. I followed his gaze.
The performers danced a few feet away from us. He wore a pair of slacks and a button-down shirt. Both fit him well and highlighted his muscular form. The woman wore huge gold hoop earrings, a mini skirt, and a tank-top and as near as I could tell, that was it. She had her hair bound up in a ponytail. The two of them gyrated against each other. The sides of her tits practically hung out her top and if my nipples were hard, hers were diamonds. The man sported his own bulge, plain as day.
I realized that no one in the club was looking at me because they were all looking at them.
The woman placed her back against the man and raised her arms. She leaned her head back against him. Her hands grasped his head and pulled it to her neck as they danced. In lifting her arms, the hem of her skirt crept up until the hint of her bald pussy peeked from beneath her skirt.
I shuddered and looked away. My own pussy was a swampy mess.
Justin smiled at me. "They really are performers, aren't they?"
"Yeah."
"You turned on?"
"Very."
"You want to go?"
I nodded.
We hurried back to the hotel. I couldn't get the image of the two of them out of my mind. Just like on the beach, the day before, I felt like a dog, who just wanted to hump the first leg available.
We'd just gotten back to the resort and started down one of the paths to the side door when I decided I couldn't take it anymore. I glanced around quickly. There was one old couple about thirty yards ahead of us but they had their back to us. I put my arm on Justin's and hissed, "In the bushes."
"Huh?"
"Now!" I grabbed him and moved him into the hedges lining the cobblestone walkway. We collapsed into the shrubbery. In the dark and off the beaten path, someone would literally have to have looked inside to see us.
I all but ripped his pants down his legs and gobbled his cock into my mouth. Justin lay his head back on the ground while I punished his dick with my lips and tongue. I reached under my skirt and shoved two fingers into my aching snatch. The pulse of a mini-orgasm immediately rippled through my hips. Justin rested his hands on my shoulders. Within seconds, his dick was a flagpole.
I crawled up his body. I heard a strange feral growl and for a second, I wondered if we'd disturbed a stray cat. Then I realized it was me.
The folds of my dress fell aside as I straddled his hips. I was so wet and him so hard, I didn't even have to guide him as I sank onto his girth. Like a bloodhound seeking a scent, Justin's cock parted my lips and filled my pulsing tunnel. I laced my fingers in his, held his arms to the ground, and pounded my groin onto his. Justin's breath came in deep pants.
Voices drifted through the night and I heard the scuff of a shoe on stone. We both froze. A woman laughed and her male partner said something as they strode past us on the path, a mere ten feet away.
We should stop. If we get caught—
I glanced down at Justin. His face was just a shadow in the dark but his fingers squeezed mine in reassurance. I shifted, savoring the delicious fullness of having him deep inside me. We were joined in a way that two lovers were meant to be joined and I suddenly didn't care if the whole world knew. I fixed my gaze on his face. Stop?
No. Fuck that noise.I bit down on my lip and resumed sliding up and down his pole. The footsteps faded and I increased my speed.
Trembling in my abdomen announced my imminent orgasm. I yanked Justin's hands to my breasts and hissed, "These are your tits, baby."
"My tits," he said between breaths.
"Show them they belong to you."
He squeezed and pinched, rolling the nipples between his fingers. The sensation of the soft silky fabric and pressure against the two rosebuds was enough to send me over the edge. My hips trembled and I opened my mouth as the shriek barreled free.
Before so much as a sound emerged, Justin's hand clamped over my mouth. I didn't care; I screamed into his palm as the tidal wave of bliss erupted and blasted through my body. Stars burst before my eyes and my ears rang. Wave after wave followed. I closed my eyes and just shook, reveling in it. At last, I slumped against Justin. After a few seconds, my sight and hearing came back into focus. I fought to slow my breathing. "Justin, I love you."
His hands encircled my back. "Love you too."
I wiggled my hips, cognizant of his still-steely cock inside me. "Did you ...?"
"Not quite but it's okay."
I grazed my lips over his. "No worries, husband of mine."
I raised my hips until he fell out of me, then slid my face the length of his torso. Even in the faint light, his cock glistened with my juices. A drop of pre-cum dripped from the slit. I smiled to myself and ran my tongue over the head. The musky scent of my own sex invaded my nose. I'd only rarely gone down on Justin right after he'd been inside me and only to please him, not because I particularly enjoyed it. But the night's events had already inflamed me to the point that the aroma ignited my arousal. I wrapped my lips around his head and rolled it under my tongue. My fingers slid up and gripped the base of his shaft and held as I licked and sucked. Incredibly, he got even harder.
Justin groaned. He sat up and pushed me back. My lip curled, annoyed that he took my prize away but before I could protest, he grabbed my body. His strong hand found the center of my back; he flipped me around and shoved my face into the soft soil. I felt him toss my dress over my back. Cool evening air drifted over the exposed skin of my legs and ass. A naughty sense of exposure, of being naked in public, hit me again. His hands clenched my hips. My voice was a guttural snarl. "Give me that fucking cock!"
He pierced me with one hard thrust and I cried out.
"What was that?" a woman's voice nearby said.
Justin and I both froze.
"Sounded like someone was in trouble," said a second. "You think we should call security?"
The first laughed. "No, it sounded like someone getting lucky. Good for them. I wonder if they can fit one more in with them."
"Laura! You're so bad."
The two moved away, giggling to themselves.
Justin resumed thrusting. I moaned again, taking care to cover my mouth. Every thrust built another orgasm in me. Just as it hit, Justin's fingers dug into my skin and he tensed as his throbbing cock filled me with his cum. We hung there like that for a moment before he collapsed against my back. Both of us gasped and wheezed.
My God, that was even more intense than before.
As soon as our shaking bodies would allow, we straightened and brushed off our clothes. Justin peeked out of the bushes. "All clear." We hurried out and resumed our walk up the path as if nothing had happened.
We got a handful of odd looks from the porters and desk staff as we strolled through the lobby. I reddened a little, wondering if someone had seen us. Two middle-aged women waited at the elevator. Their eyes widened when they saw us. They looked at each other and burst out laughing before walking away.
I glanced at Justin but he only shrugged.
When got back to our room, we both headed for a change of clothes. My eyes flicked at the floor-length mirror as I strode pass and what I saw brought me to a screeching halt. I faced away from the mirror, looked over my shoulder, and blushed quite hard. "Justin?"
"What?"
"Turn around." He did. My mouth fell open in chagrin.
His back was covered in bits of grass, dirt, and leaves, which I had caught a glimpse of on myself.
He faced me again. "What's wrong?"
Wordless, I turned around.
"Oh." When I faced him, he was a little apprehensive. "We only brushed off our fronts. I guess we weren't fooling anyone."
"No." My face flamed.
We stared at each other and started laughing.
#
I woke to the soft touch of my husband's fingers. His hand glided over my bare back, tickling the skin. Without opening my eyes, I smiled. His caress was sensuous and caring. "Good morning."
"Good morning." He kissed my forehead. "Sleep well?"
"Next to you? Always." I blinked my eyes open. "What time is it?"
"About six." Justin was still undressed. He slid under the covers. I rolled away and snuggled my butt into him. His body was warm and elicited feelings of security and comfort. His arm encircled my waist and I sighed, contented.
His breath tickled my ear. "Enjoy yourself last night?"
"Yes."
"You were pretty daring."
"I know." I shifted my legs against his. "I wonder if I'm turning into an adrenaline junkie or something."
"Maybe. Like I told you yesterday, I think it's just the salt air."
A stray thought skittered across my mind. For a second, I worried that all my aggressive sex had Justin looking at me in a different light, like I was some sort of wanton slut. Then I laughed at myself. I knew better than that but the training my folks instilled ran so, so deep.
"So, Trish. What did you want to do today?"
"I'll let you pick. We still wanted to try the street festival for Carnival tonight, right?"
"Yeah, that sounds fun."
We spent the day relaxing and strolling around parts of downtown again, hand-in-hand. Just like the day before, I was simply happy enjoying time with my husband. I considered our hectic day-to-day life at home, with both of us working hard. I wrapped both arms around his and leaned my head against his shoulder as we walked. "Justin?"
"Trish?"
"This is nice, isn't it?"
"What?"
I stood up. "Just us being together."
He smiled. "Yes, it is. I've always loved hanging out with you, ever since we were kids. Us being lovers just makes it better. It's kind of like Homer Simpson said: it's like being married to my best friend and he lets me feel his boobs!"
I laughed. "Something like that."
Justin pointed to a street vendor. The man stood by a booth decorated with Carnival masks, costumes, and other gaudy items. "Hey, let's take a look there. Maybe we should dress up for tonight."
I gazed at some of the skimpy outfits. A fresh twinge ran through my loins. "That sounds like a good idea."
#
I admired the outfit in the mirror, twisting this way and that, to check out the different angles. Had I seen it anywhere else, I would have called it a "highly-sequined bikini," complete with frilled boots, gloves, and a massive yellow-and-blue feather headdress. It showed a lot of skin but no more than if I were on the beach.
Next to me, Justin raised his arms and flexed his biceps. "What do you think?"
"Down, Tarzan," I said, laughing. His outfit was similar to mine, with an equally-impressive array of feathers. Each of us sported a colorful, rhinestone mask over the upper half of our faces. "It's about eleven. We should get down there."
Just as we entered the hallway, the door two down opened. Celeste and Ken stepped out, also dressed for the parade. Their outfits were, if anything, even more gaudy than ours, with stiff fans protruding from each arm and leg. Ken's body costume was little more than a thong and his bulge was prominent. The bright colors clashed with his ebony skin. I flicked my eyes to Celeste, whose large breasts I could only call "covered" by the coppery bottle-cap-sized cups over her nipples. I was sure Justin was getting an eye full.
Celeste smiled when she saw us. "Hi, Trish. Glad to see you're heading down there, I think you'll really like this. You want to share a cab?"
"Can all four of us get in a cab with—" I gestured at our outfits. "—all this on?"
"Sure." Celeste's grin was wolfish. "If we sit on our husbands' laps."
I bit my lip. That seemed like a bad idea. I tended to get horny just being next to Justin, let alone grinding myself on him, and in the outfits we wore, any arousal would obvious to anyone who looked.
Unfortunately, Justin made the decision for me. "Sounds good."
We got in the elevator together. Ken stayed on the far side of the elevator from me. Between the angle and the spread plumage of our outfits, I couldn't see anything for sure but his hands seemed very active behind his wife's back. At one point, Celeste exhaled sharply and shot him a warning look, though I could see the flush creeping up her cheeks.
I wonder if Justin and I will still be unable to keep our hands off each other in twenty years.
Even at the resort, the sounds of the raucous street party echoed from downtown Nassau. The cab took us the short distance to the parade. We had already walked it several times but with the costumes, it would have been awkward. The driver pulled up a block short. His accented voice was amused. "Close as I can get, folks."
Justin slipped him a twenty. "I got this one."
Ken nodded. "Thanks, I'll get us on the way back."
What can I say about the street party? It was sensory overload. It was amazing as any I had ever attended in the States. Costumed people and tourists were everywhere, drinking and dancing. Parade floats idled along, covered with half-naked costumers. Dancers atop the floats gyrated against each other. Here and there, one would flash the crowd, to approving cheers.
I caught a number of men eyeing up Celeste and me both. We stuck to our men, danced to the music, cheered for the floats, and consumed more booze than was probably good for us. When the last float rumbled past, it was almost two and I had that perfect, pleasant alcohol buzz.
Celeste almost stumbled. "Damn! Best party yet!"
Ken smiled and wrapped his arm around his wife's waist.
The four of us staggered away from the parade street. A line of cabs, with their expectant drivers, sat waiting, so we climbed aboard and headed back. Once again, I climbed into Justin's lap. I wiggled my ass against his groin and was pleased to feel him growing against me. I glanced to the other side and had to do a double-take. Ken had his hands around Celeste's breasts. His fingers slid under the metallic plates over her nipples and gave each a hard pinch. She moaned and leaned back against him. Ken's eyes met mine and I looked away, still a little embarrassed.
We poured out of the cab and rode the elevator in silence. I held Justin's hand in a fierce grip, as if the man I loved might drift away if I didn't. I shifted from one foot to another, impatiently waiting to reach our floor.
We wove down the hall. Celeste's voice was slurred but she had a hungry gleam in her eye. "You two have a good night. I know we will."
Ken smiled a little sheepishly but followed his wife into their room.
I licked my lips as Justin worked our key card. Anticipation built; I could already see myself laying on back with him between my legs, ramming his cock in me as we stared into each other's eyes.
He got the door open and we went in. I grabbed him by the neck and headed for the bed but Justin said, "Give me just a second." Before I could say anything, he headed for the restroom. I wandered to the balcony and stepped outside, hoping the evening air would settle my fiery, alcohol-heated skin. The breeze hit me just so, and I closed my eyes.
Strong hands settled on my hips from behind. I raised my arms and caressed Justin's head as he bent to kiss my neck. His hands traveled to my chest and squeezed my breasts. One finger ducked inside and grazed a nipple, which hardened.
Even in the hazy fog of my half-dunk mind, I felt a steady flush rise up my cheeks. "Justin, not here."
He didn't say anything but pushed my costume top free. Cool air rushed over my tits.
I tried to cover myself but his own hands intercepted mine. My mouth was dry. "Justin—"
"Just go with it, Trish."
I glanced about. Most of the resort rooms were dim and had their balcony doors closed. The pool area below was still. Nobody was around to see us—though if they were, all they had to do was look up. My breasts were still exposed. Justin gently kneaded them back and forth and in spite of myself, I got even more turned on that I was. "Justin, I'm not sure about this."
"I told you I would take care of you, right?"
"Yes, but—"
"Trust me." He released one breast, plucked my headdress from my hair, turned my head by my chin, and kissed me.
I surrendered, just like I knew I would.
Justin pressed his chest against my back. He kept one hand around my neck and my head back as he continued to kiss me. With his other hand, he peeled our costumes off. When he started to inch my shorts down my hips, I began to shake. I knew anyone who looked would see my entire naked body. I'd be exposed beneath their judging eyes. I felt terrified. I felt vulnerable.
I felt alive.
My shorts pooled around my feet. I kicked off my boots. In the semi-dark, I sensed more than saw Justin shed the remainder of his costume and in seconds, we were left in nothing but our decorative masks. His erection pressed between my ass cheeks and my shaking intensified. Juices ran down the inside of my thigh and my pussy spasmed, almost setting off an orgasm on its own.
Justin bent me over the balcony railing. His feet spread mine and the head of his cock rubbed my nether lips. I moaned. "Yes. Yes!" I had never wanted anything so bad in my life. I thrust my hips back, willing my pussy to surround his manhood, to drag him into me, to join with me. I grunted and wiggled against him. Justin placed both hands on my hips and powered into me.
Okay, I admit it. I shrieked.
We both froze. My eyes scanned the courtyard and other balconies. Someone had to have heard that, I thought. Bolts of fear ricocheted through me. We waited in trepidation. Justin's throbbing cock was still buried in me. With each throb, my snatch responded with a pulse of its own. When our surroundings remained silent, Justin began a slow, steady thrust.
I gripped the metal railing in both hands. My tits banged against the iron lattice with each thrust. If I'd been told to use a single word to describe the blissful sensation of Justin's dick piercing me, I would have called it "delicious." Pleasure mounted so fast I never saw it coming. I came. My limbs flinched and a minor cry escaped my mouth before I clamped a hand over my face. A renewed burst of liquid bubbled up from around his rod, bathing my mound and thighs with my own lubrication.
Despite the vice-like grip I'd know I exerted on him during my orgasm, Justin didn't hesitate at all. He kept right on thrusting. I clamped down on the rail and tried to keep breathing, even as I felt another orgasm building.
Movement drew my eye. I glanced down and to my left.
The performers emerged on the balcony. Both were dressed in casual shorts and tee shirts. They craned their heads about, as if looking for something.
Oh, God, they heard us.
The man spotted us. I knew that in the shadow, even if he couldn't see Justin's cock in me, he could probably see my tits and every ripple of my body as Justin slammed into me from behind. He pointed and whispered to his companion. Her head followed his finger. For a moment, they stared at us.
They're watching. Someone is watching me being fucked.
The thought should have brought shame and terror. Instead, the notion—the very idea that someone could see me and Justin pleasure each other—instantly brought another crashing orgasm. I cried out again and lowered my head until the waves of dizzy pleasure passed.
Justin was right. I like knowing they can see.
When I looked back to the performers, he had reclined one of the chaise loungers flat and laid on his back, with his feet toward me. She rode him in reverse cowgirl. Her hips rose and fell over his crotch. The man held her waist but I could see he was watching Justin and me. She rested one hand on his thigh to steady herself. With the other, she plucked and pulled at her heavy tits. Her eyes were riveted on us as well. A throaty gasp drifted through the night air.
My voice was a gasp. "Justin."
"I see them." His voice was husky and thick with lust. "Just keep going."
For a few long moments, the four of us fucked and watched each being fucked. We were too far to make true eye contact. I wondered what they were thinking. Was it a live-action porno, made a little more intimate by the fact that it was just us? Was his cock filling her pussy as well as Justin filled mine? Was she imagining Justin was fucking her? Seeing the performers so enthralled with Justin and mine's own show brought a swarm of tawdry, delightful thoughts and yet another orgasm began worming its way from my depths.
The door two balconies over opened.
I stiffened.Oh no.
Celeste emerged in her short robe. Almost immediately, her head whipped toward us. Her gaze locked with mine.
Tears of chagrin filled my eyes.
Celeste darted back into her room.
"Justin," I panted. I knew we had to go in before they called security or something but I was so turned on I couldn't get my body to commit. My husband's thick cock coaxing another orgasm out of me wasn't helping. I tried to marshal my thoughts. "Justin, we have to stop."
He paused, buried deep inside me. "Huh? Are you okay? Am I hurting you?"
"Celeste just came out and saw us, then ran back in. We—"
Before I could get any further, Celeste and Ken stepped outside, both naked as they day the were born. Celeste's body was every bit as strong as I had imagined it: large breasts, wide hips, and thick thighs. I couldn't get a good look at Ken, however, since as soon as they were on the balcony, Celeste bent over the rail facing me and placed her left leg on the rail. Ken scooted in behind her and a second later I heard Celeste gasp and saw her body lurch as Ken drove into her.
Justin snorted and started pounding me again.
I didn't even try to hold it back. Cries of passion burst from me, matched by those of Celeste and the lady performer. Our yells echoed from the curved resort walls.
We're all going to jail.
The thing was, I was so lost in my passion that I no longer cared. I was no longer a certified public accountant, who dealt with multi-million-dollar accounts. I was no longer a high-achieving daughter, who loved her parents and made them proud. I wasn't even a respectable wife. I was simply a cunt, aching to be filled and pounded by a cock. Hisses and grunts replaced any language skills I spent a lifetime building. The world faded to the periphery of my senses until there was nothing but the feel of my man's flesh on mine, the heavenly shove of his manhood separating my sacred parts, and plunging to my innermost depths. I squeezed my pelvic muscles around him, clutching him deeper into me. Justin's answering groan elicited savage delight from my soul. As much as he was claiming me, taking me ... I was taking him too. When he came, I was going to own part of his essence, his very being, and make it mine, forever—and I was doing it right in front of God and the world.
And I didn't care. Iwantedeveryone to know, to see me plant my flag and stake my claim on my mate.
Justin's tempo accelerated. His prick swelled, pushing me apart with even more fury. I knew he was close and clamped down with my abdominal muscles again. The pleasure of my own orgasm burst from my mouth.
Somewhere in the edge of my perception, I head other shrieks—one close and one further.
Justin shouted as he climaxed. His fingers dug into my hips with a frenzied strength that was both painful and wonderful. I felt his cock throb as he pumped stream after stream of his cum into me. I pressed against him until our pelvic bones were jammed together. I milked his cock with my squeezes, taking all of him, claiming it.
He slumped and at once, all of the energy fled my frame. My head rested on the bars of the railing. Sweat covered my skin as I quivered. I fought to control my heavy breathing and that's when I heard it.
Clapping.
Scattered applause came from various resort balconies. I spotted at least twenty folks watching. One man whistled. A woman shouted, "Encore!" which drew its own share of laughs.
On instinct, I blushed, then laughed at myself.A little late for modesty now, Trish.
The performers stood. They waved to us, then turned and waved to everyone else. They stood naked and unapologetic. I could see the man's club-like cock was still hard.
Celeste and Ken straightened. She tossed me a somewhat shy smile. The two of them quickly retreated off the balcony.
Justin took my hand and dragged me upright. My knees almost buckled but he held upright. My chest was now clearly visible to anyone who looked. Justin raised our joined hands and waved with his other. More applause followed.
Well, what the hell, I thought. I waved as well. We did so for a moment before he gently pulled me inside. As soon as he closed the door, Justin swept me up in a bear hug and kissed me. "Baby, I love you to death."
"I love you too." With the orgasms fading from my mind, my clarity started to return and the old worries pressed in. "Honey, are we going to get in trouble?"
"I doubt it. They'd have to arrest Celeste and Ken, and the performers too."
"But—" I struggled with it. "You said earlier, you were worried about cameras and such."
He grinned and tapped the mask on his face. "Why do you think I kept these on us?"
In spite of myself, I laughed and hugged him again.
#
The plane leveled off and the mandatory seat-belt sign came off. I was already snuggled against Justin, so I didn't move. He sat against the window and I sat on the aisle to his left. First-class was mostly empty and the other occupant—and elderly gentleman—had headphones on and appeared to be already dozing.
I shifted my weight and was rewarded with a twinge between my legs. I smiled; we'd both punished our organs for the duration of the three days, including one last gentle time as we woke this morning. I'd been a touch sore but I didn't complain at all. My husband wanted me and—especially since I was not pissed at him for anything—he was going to have me if I could help it.
At the thought, I pondered everything that had happened. Before we were even lovers—back when were just best friends who also happened to fuck to the tune of my fantasies—Justin was by far the best man I'd ever had, in bed and out. He brought out feelings in me I'd never known existed before I admitted I was in love with him. I considered my prudish upbringing and wondered if me fighting the repression of my sexuality had been the actual trigger to the awakening he and I enjoyed together.
We had those rape-fantasy encounters and I thought it was being forced—being forced away from my childhood teachings—that made it so good for me. But is that really it?
I mentally shook my head.
No. It's because of Justin. We're in love and more than that, we're in tune with each other. I know him as well as I know myself, and that's what made it good.
I raised my head. Justin saw and turned his gaze on me. He brushed his fingers through my hair and smiled—and I admit, I shivered at his touch. "I love you," he whispered.
"I love you too. Did you enjoy your honeymoon?"
"Yes. You?"
"Of course." I paused. "What happened last night ... that was incredible."
He chuckled. "I never knew you had that in you."
"Me either." I hesitated. "Is that something you're going to want to keep doing? It's not like we can hide our identities all the time."
He thought for a moment. "Maybe it's best that what happened in Nassau stays in Nassau."
"Maybe." I raised my eyebrows. "But does that mean we can take another vacation like it again?"
"I'm sure we can."
"Good enough." I lowered my head and closed my eyes. Within moments, I fell asleep with a smile on my lips and love in my heart.
END
Trish and Justin will return for at least one more installment. If anyone would like to see more about Celeste and Ken, or the performers, let me know, and I'll see if there's some more story there to tell. Thanks for reading!