Things were not going well. "Max, I am tired of you not pulling your weight. I pay the rent, the utilities and a lot of the food bill too!" Jess had her hands on her hips and her mouth in a scowl. The small apartment felt a whole lot smaller all of a sudden.
"Babe," Max said. "What do you want me to do? You know my divorce just about wiped me out. But, without that damn costly divorce we would never have met!" Max gulped when he saw her weighing that in her mind.
She turned away, looked forlornly at the wall. When she turned back to face him, the muscles of her face were firm. "I can't do this, Max. You are smart. You are talented. A lawyer should be able to find a way to make more money."
"You know i try, all the time. Even with extra cases, the debts I have... I do my best." He exhaled. He heard himself and couldn't stand the whine her heard. He found the center of each eye and touched them with his voice. "I love you Jess. But I don't know if I can get together each month the money you want."
She stopped and her eyes welled up.
He felt his filling too.
She walked up to him, kissed him, pressed her wonderfully voluptuous body next to his. His heart pumped hard. His groin reacted with a hardness of its own. Then he felt the warm tears flow from her onto his cheeks. He grabbed her shoulders and kissed her delicately.
"I will do anything," he said. "ANYTHING, to keep you in my arms."
There was a long silence. She just stood there, locked on his arms. The warmth of her skin massaged his worries. The plush fullness of her DD breasts raised an erection. He knew she felt it.
He was surprised when her hand grabbed the stiff wood through his jeans.
"Can't help it," she said, not looking at him. "You don't contribute much, except for the fact that i love to see you hard and naked."
His face flushed. He was both turned on and embarrassed.
She stepped back from him a step, her hand still rubbing his now painfully rigid cock.
She smirked. "Tonight at least, you can earn your keep."
She suddenly dropped to her knees. Her hands found his belt, undid it. She pulled down the zipper. With both hands she almost violently yanked down his pants. Slowly, teasingly, she slid down his underwear. He was fully erect and an inch from her mouth.
"I pay for this, so I will take it when I like," she said. Her mouth engulfed him, with more than passion or desire. She engulfed him with command.
She moaned as her head moved back and forth, working him into a frenzy.
She released him long enough to say, "I love how you cock looks protruding out from your firm, flat tummy." Abruptly, she yanked him by his hips, turning him almost totally around. "And such a nice, tight ass!"
His face was burning now. He was in a daze.
She pulled him back to the front and her mouth returned to the head of his engorged cock.
This time she meant to complete the job. She worked her mouth with tremendous hunger. He felt the cum being pulled from deep inside, ever closer to her waiting mouth. His heart beat like a machine gun. He grabbed her silky red hair and helped pump her mouth over him.
Finally, with an incredible explosion, he shot a thick stream of hot cum to the back of her mouth.
Then his knees gave out and he was on the carpet, feeling his eyes slip closed.
Some time later he awoke. She was sitting on the couch, calmly watching television. His pants were still at his ankles. He looked up at her as he lay there.
"You know," she said, "more and more women make much more than their men and those women feel frustrated by the inability of those men to be equal partners. I think there are a lot of women who feel like I do. "
"Probably," he muttered.
"Well, maybe they wouldn't mind so much, if they thought things were made equal in other ways." Her eyes had a weird glint. "Which kind of opens up an opportunity for enterprising men, doesn't it?"
He stared dully.
She huffed, annoyed at his denseness. "Couldn't nice looking men who need money, make money by pleasing women with money? It might make those women feel like the imbalance is redressed -no pun intended.""
His mouth gaped. "You want me... You expect me to..." He was stunned.
She got up and sat down next to him on the floor. "You said you would do ANYTHING, to keep me. Well, I have stumbled upon a way for you to make more money, probably a lot more. So, did you mean what you said, or not?"
He knew this was critical. The sharpness in her face told him this was a turning point. If he couldn't produce more, much more, she would be gone. He tossed it in his head. He was scared to death of losing her. He wouldn't know what to do without her. And he didn't have any better ideas.
He didn't say it right then, but he knew he had decided he would at least give it a try.