Chapter 1 - The Debate
======================
When you attend college at a private Christian college in a small rural town, wild parties are not exactly a part of the social life. That's not to say all the girls are nuns! In fact, I've several friends that are quite conservative on campus but once away from school they can get pretty freaky. Sometimes when we're out for pizza or just hanging around together they like to talk about their little adventures. I've never told any of them about my experiences so they like to think they're exposing me to the "real world". Truth be known, I think that I could've taught most of them quite a bit!
One thing they discussed that caught my interest were the frat parties at the OSU campus in Columbus. I'd been to a few sexually-oriented parties during the past summer but those were actually quite disciplined and managed. Nobody got drunk or overly obnoxious and the since the only intent in going was to have sex, the entire atmosphere was different.
From what my friends described, the frat parties were as different as night and day from my own experiences. Just as my best friend Beth nagged me back home about going to parties with her, my friends at school had been asking me to go with them almost since school started. Two of the most insistent were Mary Beth and Tammy. They were always together and not a week went by it seemed that they weren't off partying somewhere. Actually, in watching them closely, I couldn't help but wonder just how close they really were. Although such "deviant lifestyles" were strictly against the "rules" at my school, I had a sneaky suspicion that they were a little more than just friends.
As I debated whether or not to accept their invitation, I asked several people whether they thought I should go, including a couple of guys I chatted on-line with. Without exception, all of them warned me NOT to go, saying they were just drunk-fests and that all the guys wanted was to molest the girls - and not always nicely at that.
Based on their advice I found excuses not to go to the parties although it seemed when my friend's came back they always claimed to have had a great time. They never said exactly WHAT happened though and I found my curiosity level raising, especially when one time I saw Tammy's hand planted firmly on Mary Beth's cute ass when they thought nobody was watching!
Finally I decided the heck with it, why not go? So the next time they invited me I surprised them and accepted. It was still a couple of weeks away from Thanksgiving and almost six weeks since Parent's Weekend when I last had sex with my dad so you can imagine how horny I was!
Chapter 2 - My Roomie Karen
===========================
The evening of the party I showered and stood stark naked in the middle of my dorm room trying to decide what to wear. It was an important decision because whatever I wore would tell a lot about me - not to mention my expectations and intentions.
The more I thought about the party the more I could feel the itch in my pussy getting started. Closing my eyes, my hands seemed to have a mind of their own as they started to wander over my boobs and then down to my crotch. God I wanted to be fucked! No... it was more like I NEEDED to be fucked. Since I'd lost my virginity when I was fourteen, I'd never gone more than a week or two without sex so going six weeks was becoming unbearable.
Just then Karen, my straight-laced virgin roomie, came in the room unexpectedly and saw what I was doing. Her mouth dropped open as she stood there staring at me like I was some sort of alien.
"Kelly!" she exclaimed, "What in the world are you doing?"
Unlike my roomie from last year who I slept with and even had sex (with her AND her married brother), Karen was a total prude. She was always going on about "saving herself for marriage" and was the first girl I'd ever met who said she didn't masturbate - and actually didn't. (I know, lots of girls say they don't but we know they really do.) Karen was a gorgeous blonde - homecoming queen, head cheerleader, blah blah blah so it seemed a shame to waste all that beautiful youth but it was her choice and I respected her for it, even if I didn't understand her.
The only real problem I had with Karen was that she was totally up-tight over nudity and just about anything sexual in nature. For instance, I'd been sleeping nude since I was twelve. It had nothing to do with sex, I simply enjoyed sleeping that way. Our first night together I didn't even think about it as I stripped down and started to get into bed. Well, I thought Karen was going to have a stroke! She didn't say anything but I could tell she was really upset and at first I didn't even realize why. Seeing her staring at me I soon figured it out. We had to live together for the school year so I didn't want to get off on the wrong foot with her. As a result, I've been wearing shorts and a t-shirt to bed. It seems a bit strange to go to college and have to be more conservative than you are at home!
So anyway, seeing Karen's shock at what must have looked like her roomie was masturbating in the middle of the room (which WAS what was happening), I pretended I'd just undressed and was scratching an itch (which I guess you could say was true!) and quickly reached in my dresser drawer to get some clothes.
Rummaged through my things I found a pair of white cotton panties and a bra which I thought looked so school-girlish. Then I picked out some really tight jeans - the ones I call my "weight check jeans" because if I gain so much as a pound I can't get them on. To finish it off I pulled out a tight belly tank top with spaghetti straps that didn't cover my bra straps and exposed about three inches of my tummy. All in all I thought it was a great outfit to go tease a few college boys!
Karen was keeping a close eye on me the whole time. So far in school I'd always dressed fairly conservatively - it was the dress code so I didn't have much of a choice, so putting on a semi-slutty outfit like this one was something new to her.
"Oh my goodness Kelly," she said with her hand to her face, "Are you really going to go out in public wearing THAT?"
As much as I tried not to, I couldn't help but giggle just a bit. I really didn't want to annoy her but she sounded so incredibly innocent and naãve at that moment.
"Don't worry Karen, I'm a big girl and I can take care of myself."
Karen didn't seem to know what to say so she just gathered up her stuff and headed out to the lounge in a huff. When I'd finished dressing I headed out to meet with the girls, wearing a coat that hid my top so none of the RA's would see what I was wearing. Tammy and Mary Beth were waiting impatiently for me in the lobby and we were off!
Chapter 3 - The Party Gets Started
==================================
Tammy drove and Mary Beth was in the front seat so I jumped in back. During the hour or so it took to get to the frat house we chatted about school and traded gossip. It was fun to talk to some girls away from campus that weren't all stressed out over trying to appear so prim and proper. Now I love my school and most of the people there, but so many girls were putting on such acts that it just gets tiresome at times. If there was one thing that I took notice of, it was that Mary Beth and Tammy didn't talk about any of the guys - just the girls. Hmmmmmm!
When we arrived it was already after 10:00 PM. The first thing I noticed was this was unlike any party I'd ever been! Oh sure, I'd been to plenty with alcohol and music but this was up another notch for sure. It seemed like EVERYONE was drunk or at least working on it. The music was blaring so loud I was surprised the cops weren't already there.
Most of the people there were guys and most of them looked like typical college dorks. Obviously the majority were there with fantasies of finding a drunk girl who would make their every masturbation dream come true. It was just as obvious that they'd be going home alone as usual with a hangover. I mean really, what girl wouldn't be turned-on by a drunk idiot with acne slobbering over her with beer breath while they try to grope her? Yeah right.
There was probably a dozen or so girls hanging around. A few looked like little prudes trying to prove to their friends that they were partiers but it was clear they were in way over their heads. At the other end of the spectrum were the standard college whores. They were practically throwing themselves at the guys, boobs popping out and hands all over them. Compared to them, I was dressed downright conservative! It seemed sort of ridiculous actually. Some of them were already topless and a few were flashing their asses and pussies to the delight of the dorks.
The rest of the girls were like the three of us - decent to good looking, dressed a bit provocative, willing to keep an open mind should something positive come up (pun intended!) but there primarily to have fun teasing the guys. At least that was my intention at the moment.
From the moment we arrived the guys kept trying to give us drinks in obvious hopes to get us drunk so we would do god only knows what for them. Tammy and Mary Beth evidently liked beer so they took a cup each. Personally I hate beer and never have been a big drinker period so I scrounged around and found some cans of Diet Coke in the kitchen. I'd heard enough horror stories about girls being drugged at these parties from spiked drinks so I felt more secure drinking from something that was sealed when I got it.
For the first hour or so we just hung around and watched the "activities". Guys were chugging beers and having them poured into their mouths with funnels. Some of the girls were dancing and guys were trying to hit on them constantly. Needless to say we weren't immune to such attacks ourselves. Like, I've never had many guys grabbing my ass before - they were positively shameless! I really didn't mind it all that much so I just smiled at them and moved on. Eventually I had to use the restroom so I told Tammy I'd be right back.
When I finally found it the bathroom was a disaster! Fortunately I was pleasantly surprised to find that it had a working lock which I double-checked it to make sure nobody could come in while I was in there. The place was disgusting with used condoms on the floor and, well, I didn't want to even think about what was all over the sink. Thank goodness the toilet still flushed and I did the best I could not to touch anything.
When I left the bathroom I evidently made a wrong turn and ended up where the bedrooms were. I heard some sounds coming from one of them and I peeked in one to see what was happening. It was crazy! There was a guy and a girl both naked in bed who were fucking each other while a crowd of people stood around watching. Several people were taking pictures and one guy even had a video camera! The two of them were going at it like they were really enjoying it - as they probably were. Now I love an audience when I have sex as much as anyone but the cameras and video recorder were not something I would've wanted if I were in her shoes, especially with the way this stuff tends to get on the Internet these days.
Chapter 4 - Tammy & Mary Beth Put On a Show
===========================================
Eventually I found my way back to the living room where I saw Tammy and Mary Beth on the couch sitting next to each other. They had their arms around each other and were kissing! I wasn't really surprised as I suspected they were a couple, nonetheless it was still hot to see two of my classmates going at it.
I mingled with the gathering crowd and watched along with everyone else as they began started to put on a bit of a show. The drunk guys in the crowd - which meant almost all of them, kept yelling for them to strip and do nasty things to each other but they just ignored them and went along at their own pace. They controlled the show and from the smiles they flashed to the people in the audience now and then they knew exactly what they were doing. I was curious as to how far they would go and it didn't take long to find out...
First let me say that both girls had fantastic figures with Tammy having the larger breasts but both of them were very well endowed. They each had long brown hair which they wore straight down to the middle of their backs. Mary Beth had a darker complexion, almost olive compared to Tammy's lighter skin tone such that the two of them looked hot together. They were both taller than me by a couple of inches with most of the extra height apparently in their incredibly long legs. Each had tight low cut jeans on with Mary Beth wearing a tight strapless tube top and Tammy in a thin cotton tank top. Not exactly 'regulation" back at school, that was for sure.
Mary Beth seemed to be taking the lead. She and Tammy were kissing each other like two lovers, licking and tonguing erotically. They were obviously more than just two girls kissing, for fun; there had to be something between them that went beyond a typical friendship. Mary Beth began to run her hands over Tammy's tank top, circling her fingers around her nipples which were poking through the thin material and then cupping them in her hands. Tammy responded by running hands over Mary Beth's bare shoulders and then around her face and through her hair. Eventually her hands moved down to Mary Beth's breasts and both girls were fondling each other through their clothes.
Mary Beth then moved her hands down along Tammy's torso, teasing her and tickling her until finally she reached her jeans and then her crotch. She took her finger and pressed in against where Tammy's pussy was hiding and began to rub her through her jeans. Tammy stayed on Mary Beth's boobs, massaging them and playing with her nipples. Tammy pushed down the material until Mary Beth's beautiful breasts were exposed. A few whistles came from the crowd as everyone appreciated how full and firm they were - without any silicone I might add! Her dark and large nipples were very hard at the moment thanks to Tammy's attention. Tammy's small hand could barely hold one as she cupped them and toyed with them.
Mary Beth was still working on Tammy's pussy but evidently decided what was good for her was also good for Tammy and she reached up to pull Tammy's tank top upward to show off her breasts. The whistle and shouts came again as Tammy's boobs popped out, even bigger than Mary Beth's had been. Tammy laid back in the couch then as Mary Beth started to kiss her neck and then moved down to her nipples, sucking them like a baby on a bottle. Tammy moaned and arched her back upward as Mary Beth kissed and sucked on her sensitive boobs.
Mary Beth's hand moved back down and this time stopped at Tammy's jeans where she unsnapped and then unzipped them while she kept sucking Tammy's boob. Tammy reached down and helped pull off her pants, revealing a sexy red thong which barely covered anything. Mary Beth rubbed her through the thong as she alternated her mouth between Tammy's breasts. Finally she slipped the front of the thong over to reveal Tammy's pussy. Tammy was shaved for the most part with just an inch-wide stripe of trimmed pubic hair running up the center of her crotch for about two to three inches.
Mary Beth cupped her crotch in the palm of her hand and rubbed her with her entire hand. Tammy moved one of her hands to her own breasts and started to play with it as Mary Beth licked the other. As Mary Beth rubbed Tammy her middle finger began to press down more and work its way between her pussy lips until her clit was exposed and she began to run her finger around it. Tammy moaned again and began to move her hips upward against Mary Beth's hand. Mary Beth's fingers moved around her pussy, spreading her pussy lips apart as she pushed one finger inside of Tammy. She pushed it all the way in and then began to stroke in and out of her like she was fucking her with her finger. Tammy was obviously liking it as she began to buck her hips up and down in time with Mary Beth's finger motion.
Mary Beth moved her mouth slowly from Tammy's boobs down to her stomach where she licked and kissed her belly button briefly before continuing down to between her legs. She went past Tammy's pussy and kissed and licked the inside of Tammy's upper thighs, working her way ever slow back to her pussy where her finger was still fucking Tammy. Finally her tongue met Tammy's clit and Tammy let out a load groan as Mary Beth's tongue flickered over it. Then Mary Beth licked her whole pussy crack, lapping it like a dog, running her mouth up and down Tammy's wet pussy.
Tammy was holding both of her breast now with her hands and moaning more and more as Mary Beth attacked her smoldering pussy. If I was any judge I would've said Tammy was about to have an orgasm and sure enough, in a few more minutes it looked like that was the case. Tammy grabbed Mary Beth's head with her hands and held her head tightly to her pussy. He eyes were closed and she kept moaning continuously. Suddenly her back arched up higher than ever before.
"Oh god I'm cumming... Don't stop!!" she cried. Her hips started to buck into Mary Beth's mouth and she kept moaning over and over. "Fuck me Mary Beth, oh yeah fuck the shit out me!"
Tammy's orgasm lasted for several minutes as Mary Beth kept her right on the edge. Finally Tammy collapsed back in other couch, breathing heavily from the exertion. The room was eerily quiet as everyone was mesmerized by Tammy's performance. It didn't take long though for the buzz to start anew though. Mary Beth got up from and took off her clothes. Her face was still wet from Tammy's pussy but she made no effort to wipe any of it off. When she was naked she straddled Tammy who was still laying back on the couch, feeling the aftershocks of her orgasm. Tammy moved up until her pussy was in Tammy's face. Tammy smiled and started to lick Mary Beth as Mary Beth moved her hips around Tammy's face. Mary Beth rubbed her breast as she rode Tammy's face. Tammy's legs were still spread open and you could see her open pussy which was still wet from her orgasm.
After a while Mary Beth turned around and leaned over as the two of them assumed a hot 69 position. Mary Beth's ass was poking upward and I thought what a shame it wasn't getting more attention!
Chapter 5 - I Join In With Tammy & Mary Beth
============================================
As I stood there watching them I could feel myself getting warmer and it wasn't the room temperature that was doing it. As I watched I cupped one of my boobs in my hand and started to rub it without even thinking about it. The two of the looked so hot and I was reminded of all the times I watched my mom and aunt in this position - only these girls were twenty years younger!
As always it felt good to rub myself and my nipples were getting harder. I was lost in a big crowd so I reached down and undid my jeans, lowering the zipper an inch or so to loosen them up. The jeans were so tight that there was no chance of them falling down. With so many people pushed up tight against me, nobody could see me very easily so I let the spaghetti strap on my right shoulder fall to my arm so just my bra strap was showing. The tank top was so tight it didn't really need the strap anyway. I let the bottom ride up to expose more of my flat belly. It felt really hot to be in the middle of a crowd and half-undress myself! Everyone's eyes were stilled riveted on my friends as they stayed in their 69 position on the couch.
I was getting more turned on by the minute and finally couldn't take it anymore. I've always loved be watched so I figured what better opportunity! I moved out from the crowd up to the girls. Mary Beth looked up at me and smiled.
"Mind if I join in?" I asked with a seductive smile.
Mary Beth stopped licking Tammy long enough to say, "Oh my god Kelly, we thought you would never ask! Come on girl, take it off!"
Smiling seductively, I slipped off my tank top but left on my bra. I started to run my hands over Tammy, caressing her and fondling her ass. She was so smooth and warm! Tammy was looking up at me and smiled when she saw me playing with Mary Beth's ass. I started to lick her smooth butt and moved onto the couch to face her ass. I bent over more and started to lick her pussy along with Tammy, feeling my tongue alongside hers as we played with Mary Beth's wet pussy. I had one hand one each of her buttocks and was squeezing and toying with them. God she had an incredible ass!
As I was working on Mary Beth, I felt someone behind me undoing my bra and someone else pulling my panties and pants off. I glanced around and there were several guys with huge smiles on their face. They all laughed and said they were just trying to help! Oh well, I didn't really mind since I knew I was going to be naked sooner or later. The end result was that I was now nude along with my friends in front of twenty or more people. The three of us got down on the floor and went into a triangle with each of us licking a pussy. I could almost feel the stares of the crowd as they watched us licking each other.
Chapter 6 - Choosing a Dick
===========================
Someone yelled out, asking who wanted to be fucked first. Mary Beth just laughed and answered for us. "Sorry guys, just girls for the two of us." Then she pointed at me, "Now Kelly is a different story but you'll have to convince her you're sponge-worthy!"
I couldn't believe she said that! Basically she just invited them to fuck me! It really wasn't a problem as I was so horny by then I wanted it anyway but still, it felt strange being volunteered like that. Oh well, a hard cock was just the thing I really needed about then so I wasn't going to complain if one appeared. Everyone started to cheer and yell, urging me to fuck someone. I stood up in front of them, naked and my face covered with pussy juice. It felt so wild to stand there like that, totally nude and having all those guys looking at me, each of them dying to fuck me.
"Well, who wants to fuck me?" I called out. Naturally everyone raised their hands so I just laughed. "If you really do then show me your cock so I can pick out the best one."
Normally cock size and look wasn't a big thing for me but tonight was different. If I was going to be fucked in front of all these people then at least I was going to have a big cock for my trouble. Six guys came forward and started to unzip their pants. Well, they weren't going to get off that easy!
"Not so fast!" I scolded them, "I want nudity, total depravity. Strip it all off if you want to be in the running."
A couple of guys weren't too sure about it and moved back leaving four guys. Sure enough, they stripped and in just seconds I had four naked guys standing in front of me, their limp cocks hanging down waiting for me. I'd figured that anyone willing to strip in front of everyone would be built pretty well and they didn't disappoint me. All four were hunks - athletic looking and all had nice looking cocks. I paced back and forth in front of them.
"Wow, this is a tough decision. I guess I'll just have to sample the selection in order to make a choice!"
I knelt in front of the first guy and took his cock in my mouth. Now I hadn't had a cock in my mouth for almost two months and damn, it tasted so good! I sucked on it for a few minutes and it quickly hardened. I could've sucked it a lot longer but there were more to try. Moving to the next two, each of them also had great tasting cocks and I was loving the taste of them. So far I would have said the first three were better than average in terms of size and taste and any one of them would have been OK with me so I was wondering how I was going to choose just one.
When I got to Number Four, he was still soft and so I easily took him all in my mouth. I love the feel of a soft cock when I start sucking a guy, then have it harden in my mouth as I get him off. There is just something about knowing that I can have that kind of effect on a guy that makes me feel so hot and sexy inside. Well, he started to harden quickly and I was amazed and thrilled - my God he was getting huge! I'd never seen a cock grow that much before! I looked up and he was smiling, obviously he knew what he was packing and he realized I was loving it.
Chapter 7 - Fucked By a HUGE Dick In Front of Everyone
======================================================
I stood up and grabbed his still growing cock with my hand. I told the others I was sorry but this guy was the one for me and I led him over to the couch using his cock like a leash. He started to tell me his name and such but I just put my finger to his mouth and told him to be quiet. Honestly I did not want to know his name. I had no intention of ever seeing him again and the less I knew about him personally the better. Besides, being fucked by a total stranger was so erotic and when you add on top of it an audience, well I was so horny I could barely stand it!
He sat down on the couch and I laid to the side of him facing outward to the group that was watching. I positioned myself over his crotch and went back to work on what was now the biggest cock I'd ever sucked. It was maybe twice as thick as any cock I'd ever had but it was the overall length that was incredible. To think that I thought one guys was big once when I used two hands on him but this guy needed a third!
I went down on him and with each stroke into my mouth I tried to take more of him in me. Just getting him into my mouth was a feat as I had to open so wide to allow him in. By the time I felt the big head tickle the back of my throat I still had several inches to go! There was no stopping now so I decided to go for it and pushed my head down farther onto him. For a moment I thought I would gag but then as his cock went down my throat the reaction went away and it was like I was swallowing his cock.
My face finally bottomed out against the base of his cock and his thick hair covered my face. I turned my head from side to side around his cock, twisting him in my mouth and throat. I could hear him groaning and the crowd was cheering me on. I raised my head and let him slowly come out of my mouth until my lips barely held onto the head. I licked the tip of his cock with my tongue as I help him with my lips, making his cock quiver. Then I went down on him again, once again taking all him in my mouth. I didn't feel the gagging sensation this time so I began to move up and down his cock, feeling his cock sliding up and down my throat. It must have felt like he was fucking my pussy with his cock squeezing its way into my throat!
As I deep-throated his cock I used my free hand to play with his balls, gently fondling them and running my fingers through the thick hair the surrounded them. He had a thick bush of pubic hair which was not trimmed in the least. His whole crotch had a deep and strong odor to it, the odor of a man, an odor I loved to smell later on my hands after I'd touched a man. I loved smelling it on another woman, knowing it meant she'd recently been with a man, at least touching him and probably more. My mother could always smell it on me when I came home from a date and she would take my hands to her face and breathe in the musky odor as she imagined what I'd been doing with the boy I was dating. Of course I filled her in on all the details later.
I looked down on the floor where Mary Beth and Tammy were still having fun. They were sitting down facing each other, the legs intertwined and pussies grinding together. They were each playing with themselves and they looked so hot! Someone handed Tammy a long double dildo and told her to have a good time. Mary Beth smiled as Tammy thanked him and they went to work on it. The dildo was about eighteen inches long and somehow they had virtually all of it in between the two of them. From the looks on their faces they were enjoying it immensely!
I saw Tammy look up to me just as I had this huge cock down my throat as far as it would go. She pointed to me and Mary Beth turned to watch. He mouth dropped open as she watched me slowly let his cock out of my mouth, letting her see his huge cock appear inch by inch and realize that I had managed to take him all in my mouth.
In the meantime my guy was getting off from the blowjob I was giving him but I wanted to make sure he fucked me before he came. I've been fucked by a lot of cocks and I've always said that size doesn't matter BUT in this case the size of his cock was all I could think about! There was no way I was going to miss finding out how it felt to have such a huge cock inside of me so I stopped sucking him and got up off the couch.
Straddling him on my knees, I squatted down to meet up with his waiting cock. My pussy was soaking wet from playing with myself before so I assumed there would be no problem with him getting in me but when his massive hard head first began to force its way into me I almost screamed. It felt like I was being split apart! I held myself there for a while, letting the initial pain turn to pleasure as my pussy responded to the touch of his cock.
With my pussy tingling I once again started to lower myself down onto him and inch by incredible inch his big cock slowly disappeared inside of me. As he entered me I leaned forward towards him to be sure everyone was getting a good view of his cock as it violated my little pussy. God he was huge! I could feel him filling my pussy like no other man ever had ever even come close to doing. It seemed I would never reach the end of it as I kept going lower and lower and his cock filled me up even more.
Just as I was wondering if I could take any more I felt my bare ass hit his lap and his pubic hair tickled my butt. At first I literally sat down on his lap, letting the weight of my body push down and press him into me. Then I wiggled my hips to grind him into me even farther, trying to take every bit of him in as far as I could. I just couldn't help but continue to be amazed at how big he was! I raised myself up again and slowly allowed him to come out of me until just his head was inside. The sensations inside of me were overwhelming as his head hit all the pleasure points in that sensitive region just inside my pussy.
Then I started to rise up and down on him, letting his cock fuck me. I loved being in control like this where I could determine the speed and the depth that his cock went in and out of me. Sometimes I went slow and others it was as fast as I could go. I enjoyed slamming down on him hard, literally letting myself drop down onto his lap to drive his cock deep inside of me and feeling my ass bounce on his crotch and hips.
Finally I just rested, sitting on his cock and letting his suck my boobs. I looked down and could see the base of his cock against my pussy. I could barely see his shaft but it almost scared me to see how wide he was and how much he spread my pussy apart. It looked like I was sitting on a small tree trunk!
Eventually I got off of him and I got on my knees facing the back of the couch with my ass up and waiting for him. He spread my butt cheeks apart and fingered my wet pussy for a few minutes. The he held his cock and directed it once again into my waiting pussy, Even though my pussy was stretched out a bit from the first time he was in me, it was still a shock to feel such a monster cock entering me.
This time he as controlling things so I had to take it as he gave it to me and he wasn't nearly as patient as I'd been. As soon as his head was into me he rammed himself forward, thrusting into me as deep and as far as he could. God, I thought my eyes were going to pop out! It was like all of a sudden my pussy just swelled up and was filled with this giant hot organ that reached way up into me. I could feel his cock in my pussy touching where no other cock had gone before.
His friends were cheering him on, telling him to fuck me harder and faster. Well, he listened to them and I got the fucking of my life. He would pull out of me until he just cleared my pussy and then slam himself all the way to the hilt in one fast thrust. Over and over he fucked me like that, just beating my pussy with his massive cock. It should've hurt but instead I was getting ready for an unbelievable orgasm. He grabbed my hair and pulled it back like he was riding a horse.
I moaned from the wonderful pleasure of his cock fucking me and started to rock in time with his thrusts, meeting him as he banged into me and helping to pull away as he withdrew. It must have been during a time like this that someone coined the phrase "banging" for fucking because we would ram into each other and my body would shudder from the impact.
Then I felt it, that incredible and unbelievable sensation I feel when my body is about to reach an orgasm. My pussy may have been the focal point up until now but suddenly my entire body was awash with pleasure and lust. I gasped and groaned as wave after wave of pleasure broke over me like waves on a surfer beach. I cried out to him, not carrying what anyone saw or heard. "Oh hell yes, fuck me. God I'm cumming... Fuck me harder!"
Frankly, I don't know how anyone could fuck me harder than he was right then but he tried. I was almost knocked off my hands and knees as he rammed into me even harder than before, literally lifting my up with his cock in my pussy as he slammed into me. I could feel myself entering what I call my "pleasure zone", a state of mind I only have during sex when I reach that magical moment called an orgasm. When I am there I forget who I am and where I am. All I can think about it the feeling inside of me, bursting from me making me tingle from head to toe. My pussy gushed with cum and it washed over his massive cock and dripped to the floor.
This was what I lived for, why I loved sex so much. I could bring myself to a milder version by masturbating or being licked by someone else but the best was always when I was being fucked, when a man's cock was inside of me, when I am physically joined with another person, sharing my body with him, being one with him for that brief moment of lust and pleasure. At this moment I knew I was experiencing one of the best I'd ever felt and I moaned loudly as I floated through my very own personal sexual pleasure zone.
Unbelievable he SYILL didn't cum so when my orgasm finally died down to a manageable level he flipped me over and entered me once again. Although I love being on top and getting fucked like a dog, being on my back with him between my legs is my favorite position for watching a man fuck me. I couldn't take my eyes off my crotch as I had this incredible view of his giant cock moving in and out of my tight teenage pussy.
He was stroking as fast as he could now and I knew he was about to cum. Usually my favorite place for a man to cum was in me and with his cock so far inside already I knew it would have been a massive load that he would release deep in my pussy. Today though was different as we had an audience and I wanted to tease them and turn them on by sucking him to a climax and swallowing his cum for them all to watch.
"Cum in my mouth, let everyone see your cum," I pleaded like some college slut.
He didn't answer but apparently heard me as he pulled out of me and moved back a bit, just enough for me to slide down and kneel in front of him like I was worshiping at the altar of his dick. Without a second's hesitation I sucked that wonderful cock and I could feel it swelling just a bit more as he was about to shoot his load all over me.
I opened my mouth wide as he stroked his cock a few inches in front of my face. He leaned his head back and groaned as he finally came, shooting a huge load of cum into my mouth. He was still a ways away from my mouth so even though he hit it with the opening salvo, the next few were not as accurate and splattered all over my face. He kept cumming and cumming, shooting load after load onto either my tongue or face. I could taste his cum on my tongue and wanted all I could get. Some of it dripped down my chin and fell onto my boobs.
After he had finished I stood up with my face covered with his cum and stuck out my tongue for him to see his cum on it. Then I swallowed what cum I had in my mouth and opened my mouth again to show him that it was all gone. Then I kneeled down again and sucked his cock, drawing every drop of cum from him I could get as he slowly softened in my mouth. I used his cock to wipe the cum on my face into my mouth and swallowed every bit I could get.
As I finished him off I noticed everyone was cheering. Mary Beth and Tammy were on the floor clapping along with them. I laid back on the couch as the guy got himself dressed. All his friends were patting him on the back and congratulating him on how he had fucked me. I can't say he didn't deserve the accolades as he had indeed fucked me better than ninety percent of the men who'd ever fucked me.
Chapter 8 - The End of the Party
================================
Tammy came over to me and kissed me. Then she licked the remaining cum from my face.
"Hey, I thought you didn't like men?" I asked with a grin.
Tammy laughed saying, "That's right, I DON'T like guys but I never said I didn't like their cum!"
Mary Beth was licking my pussy now. I could just imagine how I must taste now after cumming so hard with his cock in me. After getting a good sample she also sat next to me and the three of us just laid back in each other's arms, forgetting about the crowd and just thinking about each other. A few guys and even a couple of girls tried to get something going but we just shook our heads and said we had enough for the time being.
After a while I picked my tank top off the floor and put it back on. My jeans and underwear were on a chair so I just left them there for the moment. I walked into the kitchen to get another can of Diet Coke. The guys in there just stared at me as I went around them completely bare-assed and with nipples as hard as rock poking through my thin tank top. I just smiled at them, knowing that they were all dreaming of fucking me like that guy had just done.
It made me feel horny to imagine them all in a few hours back in their rooms, masturbating as they remembered how they had watched me being fucked so good in front of them. I was sure when they came in their hands that they would be fantasizing that their cocks were in me instead. I felt so incredibly sexy at the thought of being the object of their desire, an unattainable object since I would never let such dorks touch me but a nice fantasy nonetheless.
As I made my way back to the living room I ran into the guy who had just fucked me. He had a huge grin and thanked me for the incredible sex. He asked if I wanted to get together again sometime and I just shook my head and gave him a kiss. His hand started to wander to my pussy so I pushed it away and told him that playtime was over. He looked disappointed but I hoped he realized that for me it was all about the sex, not him.
On the way home the three of us sat in the front seat of the car together with me in the middle - no back seat this time! Tammy was the first to speak up. "Damn Kelly, we never knew you were such a naughty little slut.! What happened to little miss innocent and conservative?"
I laughed a bit and playfully grabbed her boob. "Trust me, you have NO idea who I am away from school."
Mary Beth's eyebrows raised a bit at that one. "Oh really Kelly," she said in a curious tone.
I think she wanted to follow up on that one, someone sensing that there was a lot more than just tales of fucking boyfriends but for now she let it go. "You've done a great job of hiding it although frankly there were a couple of times I wondered about you and Brenda. She use to look at you in a certain way that wasn't exactly platonic!"
"Well," I replied, "Hopefully we can have lots more fun like we did tonight. I just have to be sure nothing gets around school because I really do want to graduate from here!"
Tammy replied to that one. "Don't worry Kelly, I know that Mary Beth and I probably say too much at school but we'll keep quiet about you. Only one thing though - you have to join us more often - and we don't mean at parties either."
Well, this was fine with me. Unlike me, they had been able to get into one of the school apartments this year. They shared it with four other girls but it still beat the daylights out of living in the dorm.
Chapter 9 - The Morning After
=============================
When I got back Karen was sound asleep. I undressed and took a shower. I knew I smelled heavily of sex and I didn't want Karen to get any more ideas about me than she already had. Although it was late and I was exhausted, I couldn't get to sleep at first. As I laid in bed my pussy tingled as I recalled all that had happened in the past few hours. I finally fell asleep with my hand between my legs, dreaming of a wonderful cock and the cheers of the crowd as he fucked me with it.
The next morning I woke up and the sun was brightly shining telling me I had slept in far later than usual. It was a Saturday so I didn't care. Karen must have already gone out so I was alone in my room. I started to get out of bed but as I moved I felt this sensation between my legs and I knew I was not going to get out of bed without first taking care of the lust that had built up in me since coming to bed.
I started to masturbate and I was able to make myself cum literally in a few minutes I was so horny. It was nothing like the massive orgasm I experienced the night before but it did the trick for the moment. I'd just finished doing myself when the door opened and in walked Karen.
"Have a good time last night Kelly?" she asked, "You got in REALLY late. Ummmmm, are you OK? You look a bit flushed."
By now I knew Karen well enough to realize she was not being nosy or anything but that she was really concerned about me. All the same, I knew I could never tell her what I'd done the night before as her sensibilities would have been shaken to the core! I think in some small way she sensed we were different in our views on sex, more than even what little we'd discussed at times. She knew I wasn't a virgin like she was but I never told her about the majority of my relationships and certainly nothing about sex with my parents and girlfriends.
As for being flushed, Karen didn't masturbate and although I wondered if she had any idea what she was missing, I still didn't make a big deal about it and certainly never let her see me doing it.
"I'm fine Karen. We all sat around for a long time and forgot about the time. How was your night?"
With that we started talking about "normal" things and I was left to reminisce about that events of the last evening. I was thrilled to have two new friends that I could have "fun" with from now on. I had a feeling I would be seeing a lot more of Tammy and Mary Beth in the future!
THE END