Suspicious Behavior:
I never ever expected him to ask me the question about me cheating on him. It was I suppose the last question I expected from him. I wondered if he knew something or if I had let something slip in an unguarded moment. I thought that Steve and Bill and I had been very careful about covering our activities.
I would play the injured party for all that it was worth whatever. I ended up being at my sister Ruth's place for three days before Graeme showed up at her door all apologetic and contrite and apologizing for being an insensitive asshole. I had been on the verge of running back to Graeme since he hadn't even tried to phone me in that three days and Ruth had been on the verge of shoving me out saying that I should get back to him before another slut took my place and one would if I didn't wise up.
Well me and Graeme did have a good tet-a-tet where I admitted to fancying other blokes and even to the point of saying if I wasn't with him I would have had sex with Steve. I admitted to wanting to have sex with Steve. I told him that Steve excited me sexually but nothing had happened despite my outrageous flirting. I had also told Graeme that other blokes excited me sexually. I was trying to divert his thoughts from Steve and Bill with my other words.
I of course apologised for being hopeless neurotic and an even more shameless flirt and for threatening to sleep with another guy. I told him that was out of order of me. I also told him that I would try to tone down my flirting with other guys as long as he didn't go jealous on me. I told him I would scratch the eyes out of any girl that looked sideways at him as he was my man. We kissed and made up after I gave him the quivering lip and wet Bambi eyes treatment.
I thought Graeme was giving me strange looks that I hadn't seen from him before. I suggested that we have an early night and have sex. It was all to distract him or so I hoped.
That night he was particular aggressive in his lovemaking. Well it was more like a hard fucking that I usually got from Steve than lovemaking. I thought he knew then that I was fucking Steve or another guy at the very least. Graeme didn't wear a condom that night and I didn't ask him to thinking it might have been one of my safe days. He would fuck me no less than six times that night or at least cum in me six times. The fourth, fifth and sixth times he would make me cum. He didn't have the control that Steve or Bill had though.
I would tease Graeme about his staying power and passion that night "You were very passionate tonight and you lasted way longer than usual and all because you think I might be cheating on you. Maybe I should make you jealous more often even though you have no reason to be jealous."
He had replied, "Have you see how hot you look lately Clare? I think I might have plenty reason to be jealous. I see how you flirt with other guys now as well. It is like saying that you are available to them."
When Graeme went to sleep I stayed awake thinking about where I might have slipped up in those three months since I had first fucked Steve. I had felt so secure in my cheating and I wouldn't get caught. I hadn't found any answers by the time I had fallen asleep. I felt like I had made a mistake letting him cum in me as that was way outside my normal behavior. I had had words with Graeme before I went to sleep "You better look after me Graeme if you got me pregnant. I will set my brothers on you if you don't, look after me that is."
Graeme would be gone in the morning before I rose. I sat at the kitchen table in my usual uniform of one of Graeme's checked shirts. I drank strong coffee and wracked my brains for where I might have slipped up. It seemed that all the literature I had read on cheating and not getting caught was a total waste of time. I was pretty sure that I had avoided displaying most of the signs that I was having any kind of affair even though part of me actually wanted to get caught fucking Steve.
I would shower and get dressed real slutty before heading out for my gym session with Steve that morning. I wasn't prepared to give up the sex with Steve. It was also the case that the idea that Graeme suspected I was fucking about made it even more exciting. It also seemed to make Steve more of everything in bed as well. We would agree that day to take a break from each other. I wasn't happy about that decision but then I wanted my cake and to eat it right then. In the weeks ahead I would try to tone things down with Bill as well. That policy of abstinence from Steve only lasted about a week before we were fucking again. The sexual abstinence policy with Bill lasted about two weeks.
That particular evening though Jenny would introduce Elena a girl she knew as our masseuse stroke physiotherapist. Elena would tell Graeme that I had back problems because of my big tits and it was all good practice for her being just a student. She elaborate on the lie by saying she did girls for free but charged guys. It might have alleviated some of Graeme's suspicions or so I hoped but I wasn't taking any chances and nor was Penny.
In the weeks that followed I did my best to drain Graeme sexually. I knew that was working when he complained about being raw or exhausted. I fucked him bareback on what I thought of as my safe days. It was a relief when my periods struck and I hadn't got pregnant. Graeme didn't even mind my obvious flirting with Steve and Bill but more with Steve. Well I was also putting out quite a lot I suppose.
It would be during those weeks that I would broach the idea of working in a sleazy Bar as a lap and pole dancer with Graeme to make more money. I broached the idea with him twice but he was dead against it. I thought he might be. I let him win those two times. I think the gym sessions with Steve had a definite effect on me. I was still 35E tits and a 35 ass but I had lost three inches from around my waist. I was now definitely curvy and I got a lot of sleazy looks from men and I invited the looks.
I was a little surprised that Graeme didn't say anything about my touchy feely flirting with Steve; I thought he would but he didn't. He didn't say anything about my flirting with Bill either even though I told Graeme I would tone down the flirting or try to but I hadn't. I had snapped at Graeme a couple of times for being jealous.
However Graeme didn't blink when I asked him if I could try out as a photographer's model for some extra money. I had seen the Ads hanging up on various University boards. He didn't blink either when I said I was doing some modelling stroke posing for Arts College students male and female and some of it would be nude modelling and posing. He called it art so that seemed to make it okay.
Graeme had put his foot down though about me doing what I had loosely called glamour photography since I would have to get my big tits out for the camera. He had naturally put his foot down about me doing soft core porn when I raised that subject with him as I had been offered the chance to do it. I think that he thought I was pulling his leg a little bit until I told him that I had been offered quiet a lot of money to do hardcore porn as well.
I had suggested that same day, "Graeme I am kind of turned on by the idea of doing soft-core and hardcore porn since I am horny all the time now it seems. It pays really well it seems and I don't think we can say no to the money. We owe our respective parents quiet a lot of money on this place even though we have some pay back with rents it is just a fraction of what we owe them. We can't be sure of having that money coming in all of the time either Graeme."
I am not sure at what point I began manipulating Graeme into letting me experiment with other blokes with his consent but it became the general drift of conversations and discussions I began. I left him in no doubt that I was pretty much randy all of the time and he wasn't meeting my sexual needs despite his best efforts. I would drop the subject when he appeared to be getting annoyed with it and of course I would be extra nice to him.
I would contrive to set up a discussion with Steve and Bill one night with Graeme in on it. They wouldn't let me work at a sleazy Club or Bar either if I was their fiancée and Steve said they were nothing more than fronts for knocking shops. I pouted whilst Graeme looked pleased with their responses. They didn't agree with Graeme about the glamour photography and they thought he should let me do it.
When they disagreed with him about the soft-core porn I giggled and leapt on Steve's lap "Maybe I will ditch you for them Graeme. It seems they don't have a problem with me getting naked for a camera. I think it turns them on as well."
I would leap on Bills lap afterwards before Graeme got any ideas about me and Steve before I resumed my own seat and smiled at Graeme "I don't know why you won't let me do the glamour photography or the soft core porn but I won't do it if you don't want me to."
Steve and Bill would agree with him when it came to me doing hardcore porn or any kind of Escort work. Although they both thought I would be good at those things and probably make a bundle of money at them. They would shock Graeme though when they said that if I was their girlfriend they would let me fuck other guys and often. Steve said chicks had a higher capacity for sex and every chick he had sex with drained him dry. Bill shocked him more by saying he would like to watch me fuck other guys as well. I had giggled nervously about their last admissions. They had the view that until I was married then I was fair game for any studs that wanted to fuck me.
I knew from the look on his face that Graeme didn't like the idea of me fucking other guys at all. I giggled nervously again "They are only saying that as they don't do the girlfriend thing Graeme. Well they are notorious womanizers and players and pussy hounds and you aren't."
Steve laughed "Hey that isn't fair. I don't know about Bill but I haven't shagged another chick for month's babe. You exhaust Graeme so we have been saving our sperm for you babe. We aren't the only blokes that would fuck you to give poor exhausted Graeme a rest from you."
Graeme looked shocked again as I giggled nervously and flashed my eyes at Graeme jiggling my tits as I did so "Maybe you are right to be jealous since it seems all those blokes want to fuck me Graeme. So what do you say Graeme? Would you let me fuck other blokes? I am just so horny all of the time now."
I didn't need to know that his answer would be no of course. It was enough right then to introduce the idea to him and repeat the message. When he asked me if I would be happy about him fucking other chicks I giggled nervously about it, "No I wouldn't Graeme as you barely have enough in the tank for me, in fact you don't have enough in the tank for me to let me share you with any other slut. I read somewhere that a human female's capacity for sex is way greater than the male's capacity Graeme. It confirmed what Steve said about chicks. So no I don't think I would be happy sharing you with another slut at all."
Out of the blue he would ask me, "How many men have your sisters had sex with Clare?"
I giggled nervously again as I replied, "I am sorry to disappoint you Graeme but Ruth and Sara are total sluts. They have had lots of men. They have had at least 10 different men each since my last birthday and I reckon more than that in their beds or other places like the back seats of cars. They have had more men than Steve has had women but then Steve says he is saving all that spunk for me. He turned down Ruth and Sara both Graeme so he just might be saving all that spunk for me after all. You might just catch something from Ruth and Sara right now."
Graeme actually laughed, "That is an evil catty thing to say about your sisters or two of them at least,"
I flashed my eyes at him, "It just happens to be true Graeme, I am not just saying that because you fancy them either. They both fuck bareback and they aren't all that fussy about whom they fuck either. I don't want you catching something that you could pass onto me.
Oh and before you ask April, Becky, Louise and Maggie my so called mates are sluts as well. It is why I don't go on nights out with them generally as they are on the prowl for cock. I would almost certainly have two timed you by now if I went on nights out with them and probably caught an STD. Well they have all had STD's Graeme. Of course they aren't going to advertise the fact that they have all had the Clap.
It is why none of them have long term boyfriends right now let alone fiancés, they have all two timed whatever boys they have been with."
He pointed out, "Yet you want to fuck other blokes Clare?"
I played the shy coquette, "I don't want to fuck just any bloke. I want to fuck Steve and maybe Bill as they are stacked and they are also clean. I also like them in case you didn't notice. They aren't total strangers to me. Besides they are players who prefer one night stands and aren't into long term relationships like us. I don't want to lose you Graeme. It would just be sex with them Graeme and nothing deeper. But if you aren't okay with it then I won't do it Will you at least think about it Graeme?"
Of course I wasn't going to tell to tell Graeme that I had already fucked Steve and Bill and had been fucking them for months when we had that risky conversation. I wasn't going to tell Graeme that it would be more than just sex with Steve. I had too many intimate and intense moments with Steve for it to be considered just sex any longer. It felt like the sex with Steve if anything was getting even more intense. I just found it impossible to keep my hands from Steve and it seemed he felt the same way. I wasn't the virginal girl that had got engaged to Graeme any longer. I wasn't the pure Ministers daughter any longer either.
It seemed that the sexual dynamic in my life was also changing in that it was Graeme that was into hard fucking me and Steve was into the slow gentle lovemaking. Steve would never admit to loving me but it felt to me as if he did when he made slow sensual love to me. As far as I knew I was the only slut that Steve was fucking during that time. I was fucking Bill less and less but then Jenny was fucking Bill a lot. I thought there was something more than just fucking going on between Bill and Jenny.
The sexual dynamic in the house would change one night when Jenny would spill the beans in front of Graeme and me when she said, "Uhmm guys me and Dave are having an open relationship and have been for maybe the last two months at least. I thought I would clear that up since Graeme seen me coming out of Bills room this morning. Well Dave has been fucking other girls and well I have been fucking other guys. I prefer to fuck Bill though as he is fit, clean and stacked."
Graeme looked embarrassed as his face went a slight red in color as he stammered out, "I didn't see anything Jenny."
Jenny just giggled, "Play the innocent all you want Graeme but you couldn't have not seen I was half naked and looked well fucked. I looked like Clare looks like most mornings and reeking of sex. Well you sort of look and smell like that most mornings Graeme. Oh and you like a girl in sussies and stockings.
Well I just wanted to say that Dave and I have been getting on better since we started having an open relationship. You may or may not have noticed. He is less jealous for a start. Well what is good for the goose is good for the gander in this instance. I just happen to have a bigger sexual appetite than Dave. Have you two ever thought about having an open relationship?"
Graeme choked on his drink and I giggled to hide my nervousness, "I think Jenny fancies you Graeme and she wants to fuck you something rotten. I uhmm wouldn't object if you wanted to."
Jenny smiled, "It isn't as crude as that. You guys have been together a long time in comparison to me and Dave. I wanted to see what it is about Graeme that keeps you with him babe and Graeme admitted to fancying me months ago. That in my language translated means he wants to fuck me. I know you liked what you saw this morning Graeme."
I wasn't sure about this development as Jenny was the kind of girl that might just steal Graeme away from me. I wasn't really sure that I wanted Jenny fucking Graeme even though I was a slut and I tried to shift the topic, "So who is Dave fucking? I didn't think he would let you fuck Bill."
Jenny laughed, "Oh Dave is fucking some skinny things on his courses. He doesn't know about Bill. I would have fucked Steve but Steve isn't interested in me really. It is you he wants to fuck babe and he wants to fuck you bad. I see the way he looks at you when he thinks nobody is looking. It is pretty hard to miss."
I giggled nervously and gave Graeme a coquettish look. Jenny continued, "Bill was supposed to be taboo to me and Steve as well and Graeme. Well I wasn't to fuck anybody under the same roof or in the bed I share with Dave. I kept to the bed rule. It is just that I don't like fucking total strangers. I like sex with other men but just not total strangers as there is no telling what they have.
We had other rules as in no getting STD's or pregnancies or falling in love. It is just sex and that is it. Heck there isn't even any dating as in going to the movies or going to dances or clubbing. It is just sex. There is another rule about not fucking bareback but I broke that last night with Bill, well it was one of my safe days and I like the feeling of him cumming in me and getting filled with his cum. Bill only fucks bareback.
You will have to keep my secret and like I said Dave and I really are getting on better since we started having an open relationship. I think even the sex is better. Oh and before you ask I wouldn't be doing this if we were married. Since we aren't married I figure it is okay for both of us to have some extracurricular sex. Once we are married then that extracurricular sex stops, if we get married that is."
Jenny would catch me on my own later and tell me, "Steve isn't fucking me any longer babe. I think he is in love with you that is why. He wants you and just you or so it seems to me."
I went into lip chewing mode with worry, "If he feels like that about me then why doesn't he just tell me that he loves me. It has been about more than just sex for ages now. I like being with him and not just for the sex."
Jenny replied, "I think that is why Dave and me wont last babe and that is because I like being with other men more. I think Dave likes being with those skinny hippy types of chicks deep down. You and Graeme are still really nice with each other after all that time together."
I had replied, "I don't think Graeme will go for an open relationship and I don't see him giving me permission to fuck Steve or any other guy for that matter. It took a lot of hard work to get him to let me do the glamour photography and even harder work no puns intended to let me do the soft-core porn shoots. I never thought he would go for that. There is no way he is going to let me fuck Steve openly."
Jenny smiled in reply, "Oh I don't know about that. I never figured Dave would let me fuck other guys. He just doesn't want it being guys that he would know. Dave is letting me do hardcore photo shoots now. Well I knew he liked porn anyway and it seems he likes me doing hardcore photo shoots mostly because he doesn't know the studs involved. Dave has a voyeuristic side to him but I didn't know it ran as deep as it does in him.
Oh and the porn studs I worked with are hung like Bill and Steve babe just in case you get a notion to do it. I would have done it behind Dave's back if he hadn't agreed to let me do it. Dave particularly likes the creampie shots I give him. He likes to see other guys cum leaking from my snatch. It turns him on. Guys are so weird that way I think. I don't think I would be so keen to see him fucking other chicks.
I am guessing you aren't comfortable with me fucking Graeme even if he does go for it. It would just be one night. I cant help being curious about what it is that keeps you going back to Graeme even when I know you want Steve something rotten. I don't think me and Dave will survive our respective graduations. I sometimes feel that you and Graeme would survive anything."
I would chance to overhear Graeme and Dave talking about of all things an open relationship. Graeme didn't usually stay up late so I got nosey that night. I would have to pretend I didn't hear any of that enlightening chat that they had. I viewed it as progress. Graeme wasn't fit for me that night as I had drained him the night before. He was very apologetic about his inability to have sex that night and I told him it was okay and I would use my fingers for relief but Graeme volunteered his tongue.
I would thank Graeme for using his tongue but it wasn't the same as having a cock in me and filing me with spunk and I lamented that men didn't have more in their tanks and that I was a cum hungry slut or I had become one. I lamented that I seemed to need sex everyday and more than once with it. I reinforced the message that I needed more sex than he could provide. It was what Dave had told him about Jenny. I was hoping Graeme would get guilty about my lack of sexual satisfaction and let me fuck other guys. Dave had become an unwitting ally in that quest.
The next night Jenny and I announced we were having a no guy's girl's night out. Graeme looked worried since he now saw Jenny as a man eating slut I suppose and I would be going out with her. We surprised Graeme and Dave by being home at 11 when they thought we would be out till the small hours at least. Jenny laughed, "We got fed up being hit on by pussy hounds. We just wanted a girl's night out. Well you guys do it so why can't we have the same."
I half giggled, "The fact I was wearing a ring didn't seem to make any difference to the pussy hounds that kept pestering us. In fact it just seemed to make them worse. I am going to buy some Mace tomorrow or maybe Pepper spray."
Graeme thought that Jenny and I were going to go out and pick up guys and fuck them. I had teased him later when we were alone, "No we just wanted a girl's night out. We got hit on by lots of guys but we weren't interested. I think at least a dozen guys tried to pick me up but I didn't fancy any of those pussy hounds. It was quite tiresome. Oh and you aren't okay with me picking up and fucking other guys so I wont do it even if I am gagging for a fuck."
I giggled, "Now if it had been Steve hitting on me then I might be out there yet and not giving a care. I see he has had another woman free night as his curtains are open and that is a sure sign he isn't shagging any other girl.
Oh and I lied about not fancying any of the dozen or so guys that hit on me. I fancied at least three of them for sex. But a girls night out and no men night meant exactly that Graeme. I did like the attention from the guys that I fancied though. I never used to get that.
I know I can be a terrible flirt with Steve but I don't even need to flirt with guys now and they are drawn to me. At least I know you like me for me Graeme and not just because I have big tits and a smoking hot body now. Steve likes me for me as well as he liked me before I had the smoking hot body."
Graeme would spy on me the next day as I did my gym session with Steve but he wouldn't see anything risky from me not even when I straddled Steve's thighs when Steve was doing his sit ups. If I hadn't spotted Graeme peeping I would have probably straddled Steve's crotch. Graeme would have seen me stroke Steve's crotch and giggle whilst I did it
I would make sure to be extra affectionate when it came to Graeme by telling him regularly that I might be turning into a slut but I didn't want to lose him. I think though if Steve had told that me he loved me well I might have left Graeme for him even if I didn't think Steve was capable of love. It was from Graeme I felt I got emotional support when I was being neurotic.
It still came as a surprise even after all of my manipulations that Graeme agreed to me fucking other guys. He was quite stern when he laid down his conditions, "You can fuck Steve and only Steve, and I don't want you fucking lots of other guys. There will be no getting pregnant to him or getting an STD. You can only have him one night a week on average. Oh and no getting jealous if I fuck another girl. I also want to watch him fuck you Clare."
I thought I better not sound too keen when I replied, "I uhmm, Are you sure you want to watch me and Steve fucking Graeme? I know he wants to fuck me. I don't think I would want to watch you with another girl. In fact I know I wouldn't, I would get insanely jealous. I suppose it is only fair since I want to fuck Steve that you get to fuck another girl even though you don't have enough in the tank for me. Steve might not be comfortable with another guy watching me and him fuck."
Graeme would surprise me again when he replied, "Steve is okay with me watching as I already asked him. I talked with him already about it."
I was genuinely surprised as Steve hadn't said anything. I stood dumbfounded at the idea that Graeme had been talking about Steve fucking me with Steve. I eventually found my voice and hugged Graeme, "I agree to your conditions. Thank you for letting me. Uhmm fuck Steve that is. You are still my man whatever happens."
Graeme had replied, "It sounds like you might be changing your mind now?"
I chewed my lip as part of the act, "I uhmm! Well I never expected you to agree to meet my sexual needs Graeme. We can have a cooling off period to think about things and I uhmm well I am not all that sure about letting you fuck another girl as she might fall in love with you and want to steal you away from me."
He would hug me tight and then smile, "You will still be my girl Clare whatever. I thought that sooner or later you might fuck another guy as you get a lot of attention from them now. We get to live out fantasies in as low a risk environment as possible."
I thought I deserved an Oscar for the act I put on that day. I had Graeme thinking he wanted me philandering more than I did. I would ask him what else he and Steve had been talking about and he surprised me again when he said, "I know that Steve isn't the kind of guy who will wear contraception Clare so it is okay with me if you fuck him bareback."
I would giggle nervously when I replied, "That might be one of my most wicked hot fantasies Graeme. My most wicked hot fantasy is Steve impregnating me. If I fuck him I will pick an ultra safe day to do it. You better not get a girl pregnant Graeme. I know what girls are like and they will get pregnant to you to trap and catch you."
I think that my delay over fuckin Steve when he gave me permission to had confused Graeme as he would ask if I had changed my mind several days later. I got very good at lying to him or so I thought when I said that I wanted it to be a one hundred percent safe day just in case. It would be two weeks after Graeme had agreed to let me fuck Steve that I told Graeme that I would go to Steve that night. I would get Steve with a pretty full tank of spunk.
I would dress pretty sleazy the evening I decided to fuck Steve in front of Graeme. The others were also away for a couple of days as well. I would wear fishnet stockings and suspenders but the rest would be a slutty schoolgirl outfit with 4 inch heels and bunches. It was something Graeme had wanted me to dress up in but I had never done that for him, this was for Steve and Steve alone.
There would be a lot of foreplay and snogging with Steve initially. There would be no hiding my lust for Steve from Graeme as my body betrayed me quickly as it usually did with Steve. Steve would lead me to his room where he would undress me down to just the stockings, suspenders and heels.
Graeme would see nothing but lust and wantonness in my eyes as I watched Steve undress and spread my legs for him and Graeme would hear me say, "Is this the pussy you want big boy? I have wanted your cock in me from the first day I met you."
Steve replied, "I have wanted to fuck since the first day I saw you. He is a lucky bastard to have you."
Graeme would hear me gasp as Steve penetrated me, "Oh Fuck Yes it is so big Steve."
I wouldn't hide any of my want from Graeme as Steve thrust in and out of me. I was audible when I gasped again and again, "Oh Fuck Yes Stevie its heaven, fuck me Steve!"
I never looked at Graeme once as he watched Steve fuck me. He would hear Steve saying clearly, "I want to fuck her again and again Graeme. She is one hot slut."
I would orgasm several times and I made no effort to hide the fact I was having those orgasms from Graeme. I was audible in my ecstasy. Steve would eventually cum in me but only after I had begged him to, "Mercy Steve, I'm cumming again. Mercy! Cum in me Steve, I don't care about anything anymore. Cum in me, I want you to cum in me!"
Graeme would hear me panting as I orgasmed again and Steve came in me, "Oh fuck yes Steveeee! I can feel your baby making cum pumping into me. Pump it all in me Steveeee! You have so much cum pumping into me."
When he had stopped cumming in me I was on me back panting when the still hard Steve withdrew from me and grinned, "Spread your legs slut and show Graeme my seed seeping from you I think that is what he really wants to see babe."
I didn't even stop to think what I was doing as I looked at Graeme and spread my legs wider and Graeme was pumping away on his own dick with his right hand and I knew from the look on his face that he was about to cum as he sighed audibly, "Fuck that is the hottest thing I have ever seen."
He would shoot cum onto tissues he was holding in his left hand. Steve grinned, "Graeme is a voyeur, who would have figured."
He would invite Graeme to photograph his seed seeping from my pussy and then grin, "I haven't finished with her yet. Not by a long way. I think I will fuck her doggy style now and put more of my thick cum in her. She clearly wants me to I think. I can tell from the wanton look on her face she wants me to."
Steve wouldn't cum in me after fucking me doggy style as he shot his load over my ass and invited Graeme to photograph that. Graeme had cum again from wanking off to Steve fucking me. Steve would continue the show by having me on my knees sucking and licking his now drooping dick hard again. He would invite Graeme to take more photos.
Steve would smirk, "She is real talented at giving head Graeme. You are one lucky bloke. She is one talented fuck it is a pity the rest of my sluts aren't as good as Clare when it comes to sex."
Steve would have me suck and lick his dick and balls until he had shot a load on my face and tits and then invite Graeme to take photos of that as well. Steve smirked again, "Fuck she loves being used Graeme. Did you know that? I found something else out about me as well and that is I like a bloke watching as I fuck his chick stupid."
Graeme also seemed to like Steve using me as he would cum again watching Steve use me. Graeme would continue to watch when I fucked Steve cowgirl style. He would continue to take photographs as well and wank off again. We wouldn't see Graeme watching us in the shower as Steve washed me off and fucked me again there. Graeme was absent when Steve fucked me in his bed later as well.
The next morning after I had showered again and to wash the sex with Steve off me I would play the coquette with Graeme, "Thank you for letting me to do that Graeme. I won't lie. I loved every dirty second of it. It was mind blowing awesome sex. I won't lie; I want to fuck Steve again."
I continued giving him shy coquettish looks as I said, "He is obviously bigger and thicker than you. They say size doesn't matter but I think in my case it does Graeme. I loved being stuffed with his big thick cock. I won't lie about it. I hope you won't be too angry when I say that he is the better fuck. He is more experienced I suppose. Well I did say that I wanted to fuck him again. It is just sex; it is you I love though. I hope you won't be too angry with me but I wouldn't blame you if you were."
Graeme would again surprise me when he said, "You can fuck him again but on the condition I get to watch when you do. I don't want you to make a habit of it though. It was pretty hot watching you two fuck."
Graeme might have agreed to become a voyeur to my whoring but something had changed irrevocably and that was Graeme had become less affectionate with me and more passionate and aggressive sexually. I wasn't complaining about the rougher sex with Graeme. It was also ironic that Steve was to become more affectionate with me but not when the others were about. Graeme insisted that the others not know about what was going on even if Bill and Jenny knew that I was fucking Steve, Dave didn't know naturally even if he might have suspected.
When it came to making a habit of fucking Steve well that wasn't going to work as Steve would fuck me over the kitchen table three days later whilst Graeme watched. The next day Steve would fuck me on the table with my ankles on his shoulders as he did so and Graeme would again watch and even film it with his phone-camera.
Graeme would see I was incapable of saying no to Steve ever. My pathetic protests at Steve only seemed to make Graeme hard and start wanking as Steve fucked me. It would be Graeme that requested I talk dirty when Steve was fucking me as he said that was really hot. That night Graeme would let me sleep with Steve again and said he didn't need to watch. The dynamic in the house had changed and it had changed fast.
I think Graeme was relieved when my period struck and I wasn't pregnant to Steve. I chose not to tease Graeme about that even if I was tempted to. I told Graeme that it was his babies I wanted even if I had fantasies about getting pregnant to Steve when Steve was fucking me. I also think that by now most of you think I am an evil bitch. Was I so evil when Graeme was agreeing to it for his own motives?
In the coming weeks and despite the fact that Graeme had a free pass to fuck other chicks he kept watching Steve fuck me and me enjoying it. Graeme kept getting off on seeing Steve's seed seep from my pussy. He also kept getting off on Steve shooting his seed onto my face and tits as well. Graeme was also getting off when I spoke dirty when being fucked hard and fast by Steve. Graeme didn't seem all that bothered when I eventually added Bill to my fuck schedule although he didn't watch me and Bill going at it. Graeme's voyeurism only extended to watching me with Steve for reasons best known to him self.
I wondered how far I could push Graeme's voyeurism. I wondered how far he would let me push my exhibitionist tendencies when it came to watching me fuck other men. Graeme hadn't agreed to me doing hardcore porn photo shoots or hardcore films. He had drawn a line against me doing those even though he had loads of shots of me getting soiled by Steve's seed. It was ironic that the more Graeme objected to me doing hardcore the more I wanted to do it. I had become an out and out slut as opposed to Graeme's wife to be.
I had kept suggesting to Graeme that he should fuck other chicks because I was likely going to fuck other guys over and above fucking Steve and Bill. I was a sex addict by then if I wasn't one before. That idea also excited Graeme and he actually encouraged me to go out and pick other men and fuck them. I didn't immediately jump at that invitation though. I told Graeme that I wasn't just a sex addict but an addict for cock bigger than his. That would become obvious after a particularly sleazy session with Steve.
It would be Steve that would accelerate a changed dynamic in the house. Steve had objected to me going out and picking up and fucking other guys. I had a row with Steve about it that Graeme was a witness to. I suspected Graeme would have let me do it but Steve put his foot down about it. It felt like Steve was now my number one man and not Graeme.
Graeme had watched my gym session with Steve one day and my gym sessions had become touchier feely with Steve since Graeme had started letting me fuck Steve. After the session we headed home and Steve and I stripped each other with passion in front of Graeme. Graeme was wanking before we were naked.
That day would be the first day that Steve taunted Graeme with me and I was no less guilty as I played along with Steve's fantasy. It might have been one that I had as well. Steve would fuck me and say whilst he was thrusting in and out of me "It is so much bigger than their dicks isn't slut?"
I could only reply in my sexual delirium "Oh fuck yes Steve, fuck me with your big thick dick."
He was looking at Graeme wanking himself when he smirked at Graeme, "I am the best fuck aren't I slut?"
I just panted and gasped in my ecstasy, "Yes Steve, fucking you is heaven. I can't get enough of your big thick cock."
It just seemed to make Graeme wank faster. Steve it seemed continued to taunt him "I love fucking your hot body slut and one night a week isn't enough for me. I want to fuck you more. Would you like that slut?"
I had panted, "Fuck yes Steve."
He has Graeme agreeing to me sharing his bed twice a week before he taunted Graeme again, "Who is it you want slut?"
I could only pant as an intense orgasm shredded me, "I want you Steve. It is you I want. I want your big thick cock in me again and again."
I would have words with Steve about that afterwards as I asked him not to taunt Graeme as Graeme didn't deserve that.
In the following weeks after that event as I shared Steve's bed twice a week and not just once well I wished that Graeme was less of a wimp about it. I might have wished he was less of a voyeuristic cuckold or turning into one. I might have wished that he fucked other chicks so that I felt less guilty about what I was doing. I had asked Steve again not to taunt Graeme but Steve had told me, "Why? It gets him off babe. You tell me that he hard fucks you better and better each time that I fuck you."
It was true that the sex with Graeme might have been getting better as Graeme's technique and straying power improved. I might have missed the tender love making though, it was pure unadulterated sex and not love making. It was another cake that I wanted to eat and to have at the same time.
Steve would escalate things further in the coming weeks. Just when it seemed the sex couldn't get any more intense it did. Just when it seemed it couldn't get sleazier it did. Jenny saw what was happening but not Dave. Jenny invited Graeme to fuck her and more than once but he didn't, not even when I told him it was okay. I even suggested to Graeme that I would be okay with him fucking my friends and even my sisters. He didn't though not even when I knew the sluts wanted to sample him.
Steve was the one becoming more and more dominant in the house social and sexual dynamic and Graeme was letting things slide just about every day that passed. I don't know at what point I stopped loving Graeme or at least indifferent to him and began loving Steve if it could be called that since it was pure sexual lust and want.
Steve would push the boundaries again during sex a few weeks later when he had Graeme watch as he taunted him whilst I was again delirious during sex as Steve grinned "Clare loves my dick in her so much and she is such an addict for my big dick that I think I should make her my slut Graeme. She is such a dirty slut don't you think?"
Steve would continue, "Would you like to be my slut Clare? I think deep down you want to be my slut."
In my sexual ecstasy I would pant and gasp, "Fuck yes Steve, make me your slut, I want to be your slut."
There would be no doubt in Graeme's mind that was what I said. Steve would continue to taunt him and I would continue my betrayal as my body betrayed me again and again.
Steve grinned at Graeme again, "I think I will make her my whore, well she is a natural one on my dick. Would you like to be my whore Clare?"
I could only pant and gasp again, "Fuck yes fuck make me your whore I'm your whore already. Make me your whore Steve, I want it."
By the end of that session with Steve I was begging Steve to make me his sex slave and Graeme was going along with the whole idea or so it seemed. It just gave Graeme a permanent sort of hard on. He had been standing watching and stroking his dick. I gave Graeme a look and went back to kissing Steve until, Steve got hard again and then I straddled him before impaling my pussy on his dick. I looked at Graeme several times.
I went back to focusing on Steve as I told Steve, "No more lovemaking, I want fucked hard the way you used to fuck me Steve."
I almost said the way you used to fuck me before Graeme found out about us. Steve rolled me on to my back as I gave Graeme a salacious look as Steve began to fuck me fast and hard and roughly. I looked at Graeme as I gasped, "You can't be Steve Graeme. Be yourself and not him. I am his whore Graeme and you can't do it for me the way he does it but he can't love me the way you love me. You do still love me don't you Graeme. It would break my heart if you didn't still love me."
It was a strange question to ask and a strange statement to make considering Steve was between my legs pumping in and out of me hard and I had my legs wrapped round his waist and an ecstatic wanton look on my face no doubt. It was really bizarre as I was Steve's slut and he knew it and by my own words he knew it. I was probably just a slut anyway by that point.
Steve would hard fuck me for over two hours and make me cum several times. Graeme had been watching and stroking his dick the whole time. After Steve had cum Graeme would retreat to what had once been our shared bedroom. I would shower and then visit Graeme as I gave him a concerned look, "Graeme are you okay?"
He had shrugged, "Yeah babe I am okay you know I don't mind you fucking Steve and that I like watching you two fucking. I do still love you. It is because I love that I let you be his whore."
I ran to him and hugged him, "You do know that you just need to tell me any time to stop being his whore and I will Graeme but I think I told you that already but I am reminding you if I didn't. I don't want to hurt you Graeme. If this is hurting you then say so and I will stop it."
I probably wouldn't stop being a slut but I was worried about him. I almost sobbed, "I love you Graeme even if I have a strange if not horrid way of showing it. It is you that I want to grow old with really. I can't take back what I have done and it just can't be miraculously undone."
He kissed me gently, "It is okay babe. I am really okay. You worry too much babe. I know you can't help yourself around him babe. I know you turn into a total slut around him. I didn't know I would turn into a voyeur that gets turned on about it though. I see how happy you are when he is fucking you. I see that look of ecstasy on your face when you are obviously cumming on his dick and when he is pumping his cum into you.
I am not against you doing the hardcore porn as long as you take care about it Clare. You might be right about the money. It is scary how much money we have borrowed. So do the porn but don't be cheap about it. It means you will be fucking other guys by extension I suppose.
Oh and when you are with him sexually. Don't hold back. Let yourself go, holding anything back well that defeats the purpose of being his slut in the first place."
I smiled, "I don't deserve you Graeme. You are too nice to me. I am happy when you are making love to me as well. I think you could make a lot of girl's happy making love to them as they don't get any really. I don't want this to be all about the pleasure I am getting Graeme. I love you even more for what you just said."
It would be a drawn out chat as I tried to convince myself he was alright and also to get him to fuck other chicks so I wouldn't feel as guilty about fucking Steve as I had bout of guilt that night.
After my chat with Graeme I went back to Steve's bed as I was sharing a bed more often with Steve by then as in 4 nights a week at least. Steve would rouse and grin, "I love the smell of you just washed slut."
Steve would roll me onto my back and spread my legs as my pussy was wet for his cock again. I also saw Graeme watching us again and stroking his hard dick as Steve penetrated me hard and I gasped, "Fuck yes Steve, fuck me hard stud. Fuck your cock in me drives me nuts."
Steve would thrust faster and faster as I spoke dirtier. Graeme would hear me panting audibly as my orgasm built and I got more delirious, "FUCK YES STEVE! FUCK YOUR SLUT STUPID! FUCK I NEED YOUR COCK FUCKING ME FAST AND HARD! GIVE IT TO YOUR SLUT!"
I would have another of those turn me to total jelly orgasms before Steve came in me again. Then Steve went into slow love making mode on me when he got hard again. He wasn't going to give it to me hard and fast that time. He was whispering in my ear that he loved me over and over again. They were words that I had wanted to hear from him but right then I was confused. His cock was still driving me nuts even in slow motion.
I looked and saw Graeme was still watching intently and stroking his dick in an almost trance like state. He would see nothing but sexual rapture written on my face and in my eyes.
Steve would fuck me in slow motion until my body slowly began to betray me again as Graeme watched. I wrapped myself round Steve and clung to him as he began to build up the speed of his thrusts and kiss me with controlled passion as he did so. Steve was fucking me and not cumming and I knew that with each time I came it would be more intense.
It would inevitably get to the point where I was going to orgasm again and I gave Graeme an almost abject apologetic look as I saw him looking and pump his dick faster.
I turned back to look up at Steve and the orgasm shredded me, "FUCK YES STEVE I'M CUMMING AGAIN LOVE ME STEVE I LOVE YOU UH FUCK UH FUCK UH FUCK STEVE I LOVE YOU LOVE ME!"
His dick pulsed inside of me as more of his seed pumped into me and I thought how many more times was I going to betray Graeme on Steve's dick or another mans dick for that matter. Graeme hadn't wanted me to hold anything back so I didn't. Steve would make sure that Graeme would get a good view of his seed seeping from my ravaged pussy.
I was giving Graeme guilty looks the next day when he totally out of the blue yonder suggested, "You should move in 24/7 into our room with Steve and cheat on him with me. Well I can't satisfy you sexually most of the time and you have fallen for him. Well it seems to me that you have fallen for him. You could be faking it but it doesn't look like it. He has fallen for you and that is obvious. He now has what I had so I think it is only fair that I get to cuck him now, don't you think. Oh and no getting pregnant to him, please don't let happen."
I did think that it was only cucking if I got myself pregnant to another man and I had no intention of doing that even if I had a fantasy about it. There was though a weird warped logic to Graeme's suggestion that made me giggle and then laugh as I said, "Okay if that is what you want Graeme. I think I owe you that at the very least. It makes no sense but if that is what you want."
To be continued.