Copyright © 2024 : Rae Finley, All Rights Reserved
This work may not be published under any circumstances without this copyright and written consent from the author.
*****
I sat down at the table the waiter had led me to and gave him a small smile of gratitude as he passed me a menu.
"Can I get you started with a drink?"
He asked and I nodded quickly, ordering a strawberry cocktail that would be the perfect remedy to tonight's heat. He nodded and I thanked him before opening the menu, then realized he was lingering and looked up in confusion.
"Is this your first time here?"
He asked quickly, as if just now realizing his staring was odd. I shook my head slowly as I looked around the familiar restaurant..
"No. I've been here once before, but it's been a few years."
"Well, we've probably made some changes since then. If you have any questions I'm more than happy to help. My name's Kaden."
I smiled politely and nodded.
"Thank you, I'll be sure to ask you if I do."
He smiled again and nodded but looked slightly disappointed as he turned and walked back into the restaurant. I sighed softly and let my eyes wander around the small patio. It was different from the last time I was here, but that had been almost 10 years ago, so it wasn't exactly a surprise.
I was glad to see they hadn't changed too much. They still had the sand floor patio with the hanging lights overhead. Small heaters were at each corner of the patio, they were off at the moment but would surely help keep away the cool air once the sun set. And the town wasn't much bigger either, it had kept the quiet and relaxed atmosphere I had loved so much before.
The restaurant was just off the town square and bordered a cute pedestrian sidewalk that led down to the beach nearby. I sighed and closed my eyes as I took a deep breath. Finally relaxing after so long of being stressed. It felt like I hadn't had time to even breathe lately. Which was obviously ridiculous but the feeling was there nonetheless.
I heard someone approaching and opened my eyes to see the waiter returning with my drink. He set it down with another bright smile and I thanked him as I took a long drink.
"How is it?"
"It's perfect, thank you."
I replied with a smile and he grinned wider.
"Are you ready to order?"
"Oh no not yet, I'm sorry I got a little distracted by how peaceful it is here."
He laughed lightly and shook his head, his shaggy blonde hair rustling with the movement.
"No prob, need any suggestions?"
I opened the menu and glanced over it quickly, glad to see they still made the brick oven pizza.
"Actually I think I'm ok. I'll just do this one please, the Cali pizza."
He grinned and nodded.
"Good choice, that's my favorite. I'll get it started right away."
He gave me a wink and turned to head back inside as I took another long drink. It was obvious he was flirting and he was fairly cute. With his long blonde curly hair and his dark tanned and toned body, he was a walking surfer boy advertisement. I'm sure he had plenty of girls vying for his affection, but he wasn't my type.
I turned towards the ocean behind me and smiled as I watched a few groups of people having their beach fun in the distance. That was my life for the next two weeks. No work, no stress, and no more family drama to deal with. Just myself, the sun, and whatever I felt like doing.
Of course, once I got back, there would be plenty of things to worry about. But for now, I was going to pretend like none of it existed. I watched the people on the beach for a while, until the sound of someone behind me made me jump.
"Oh sorry, didn't think I'd scare ya."
I smiled politely as the waiter set the food down in front of me.
"It's alright, I'm just a little out of it tonight I suppose."
He grinned and nodded.
"Yeah the beach'll do that to you. Do you surf?"
I smiled slightly realizing I'd been right when I guessed he was a surfer.
"No, I've never been. I love to swim though."
He smirked and leaned against the table as he ruffled his hair in a move I'm sure had made plenty of girls swoon in his time.
"Maybe I could take you sometime. I'm pretty good. I actually compete and it makes a great first date."
I opened my mouth to politely turn him down when a voice behind me made me freeze.
"Asha?"
I spun around quickly, surprised there would be anyone here who knew my name and swallowed the lump in my throat at who I saw standing on the sidewalk.
"Um, hey Jax, how've you been?"
He grinned and leaned on the weathered wood railing that separated the restaurant from the sidewalk. Jax looked just fucking perfect, better than I remebered. He had a great tan and his body looked like he never missed a day at the gym. Just great.
"I've been good, how about you? What're you doing here?"
"I'm good and I'm here on vacation. I, um, thought you moved down south?"
I cursed myself internally, it wasn't exactly surprising that he was here. This was his hometown after all, but I could've sworn he had moved!
"Yeah I did. Didn't work out though, so I moved back.
I nodded awkwardly, not sure what there really was to say when the waiter broke the silence. I glanced at his name tag quickly reminding myself what his name was.
"So... you two know each other?"
I nodded slowly.
"Yeah we... Used to date."
"Oh yeah? Well I mean, I guess there's always a reason they're an ex huh?"
He laughed at his own joke but was clearly upset Jax had interrupted him hitting on me. I wasn't sure which was worse. I picked up my drink and took another long drink from it, not sure what to say.
"I suppose, but it's a little different when we broke up because of distance, not because we didn't get along."
Jax said with a smirk and winked at me, making my heart flop in my stomach. Why the hell was he winking at me? Kaden frowned and Jax jumped the fence, his arm muscles flexing with the seemingly easy movement before sliding into the seat across from me.
"Actually, I think Ash and I have a little catching up to do. Mind if I get a water? And I think she's running a little low on her drink too."
Kaden grit his teeth but turned and walked back inside. I turned to look at Jax with an expression that I hope showed my internal thoughts of, what the fuck are you doing? Jax waited till he was out of earshot before turning to me with a sigh.
"Sorry, I know this is weird. I was walking past and saw him flirting. And you just looked really uncomfortable, so I thought I'd get your attention. Then I guess it just kinda escalated."
He chuckled and I gave him a tight smile in return.
"Uh yeah, that's ok. I was uncomfortable, 'but I could have handled it just fine."
He nodded quickly and chewed his lip.
"Of course you could have. I guess I just didn't fully think it through before acting, you know?...um, I uh, should probably go."
"Wait!"
Jax froze in place and my mouth dropped open in shock, not sure why I'd asked him not to go. I watched as the corner of his mouth curved into a small smile before he lowered himself back down again.
"Sure, I can stay and catch up. It has been a long time since we last saw each other."
I nodded, he was an old friend I wanted to catch up with. There was a nagging feeling inside me that it was more than that, but I pushed it aside for now. I cleared my throat as I took a slice of the pizza from the plate before telling him to help himself. We both began eating in silence before I stopped and looked at him curiously.
"So.. when did you move back?"
He shrugged and swallowed, brushing his black hair out of his eyes before answering.
"About a year actually. Things didn't work out how I'd hoped, so I moved back to... reevaluate things I suppose. You know, just take some time to figure things out in a more familiar environment."
"That makes more sense to me than you probably think."
I laughed lightly, before continuing.
"I've been considering doing pretty much the same thing. I enjoy living here and the work and everything but lately... I don't know how to explain it, it feels like something's just missing."
"Really you're wanting to move back home? It took a lot for me to move back and I was only a few hours away. You'd be moving across states again."
I smiled slightly at his answer. It was a stupid and small thing for him to remember where I was from, but I still felt like it was sweet that he did.
"I know, and I'm not at that point yet, it's just a feeling for now. Something I'm considering."
We continued catching up, the food slowly disappearing the longer we talked. Our waiter came back a few times and seemed increasingly upset with each visit. The time seemed to pass in seconds and before I knew what had happened the food was gone and the restaurant was starting to clean up to close. Kaden came back and looked down at us with a frown.
"Anything else I can get you, or are you two ready for the check?"
"No we're ok, just the check thank you."
I said with a small smile before turning back to Jax. Kaden nodded and walked off and Jax gave me a small smile. We continued talking as Kaden brought the check and placed it on the table. I reached to grab it when Jax took it first.
"Let me get it Asha, it's the least I could do when I took half your food."
"Like I could have finished the entire thing myself. Just let me get it. I was already planning on it."
"Alright, I'm not going to force it. But it's on me next time."
He held up his hands in surrender and I placed my card inside grateful that he didn't continue to argue over who was paying. But the promise of a next time made my heart speed up in my chest.
I swallowed down the lump in my throat thinking about it and tried to ignore the heat rising to my face. The waiter took the check and brought it back without a word, glaring daggers at Jax. We stood up and walked together to the pedestrian walk where we both paused and he turned to face me.
"So, where are you staying while you're in town?"
I moved my arm to gesture further down the road.
"Down that way a bit. Bayview Hotel I think it's called."
He nodded and looked down at me with a small smile.
"Mind if I walk you back?"
I smiled, feeling my face heat up as I nodded.
"I'd like that."
He grinned and the two of us set off down the road towards my hotel. It was almost like no time and a lot of time had passed at the same time. Jax told me about his new job in marketing and I told him about my current job as a graphic designer.
"That's great! So did you end up going to that school you used to talk about?"
I smiled softly again at his memory.
"Yeah I did and after graduation I just stuck around. Got a job and an apartment and haven't left since... Yet anyway."
We talked about college the rest of the way to my hotel until the conversation lulled to a pause as we both stopped in front of the door.
"I guess this is it huh? I had a really great time catching up with you Asha."
Jax said softly as I stared up at him.
"So did I... You know... if you have the time... you could always come up for a drink or something."
I said as I watched him hopefully. Jax let his gaze sweep over my face momentarily before he grinned and nodded.
"Sure I'd like that. What room are you in?"
"212."
I said and grinned in relief that he wasn't leaving yet then pushed the thought out of my head as quickly as it had come. We were just friends catching up. That's it. We couldn't be anything more. 'Or could we?' a small voice in the back of my head asked and I immediately shoved it back down. I would only get hurt if I let my hopes get up. We'd barely been talking for a few hours, and I hadn't had a relationship in a while, what the hell was I thinking?
We walked slowly up to my room together and I could feel his presence close behind me and couldn't help my thoughts as they began to wander. I'd had two drinks already, not enough to be drunk, but enough that I was having trouble keeping my thoughts in safe areas. Not to mention I hadn't been laid in longer than I cared to remember.
When we'd dated previously we'd never ended up doing anything more than some kissing and I had to admit a part of me had always wondered what it would feel like to be with him. Especially now. We'd been pretty young when we had first gotten together and Jax had since developed into a man who looked like he stepped out of every woman's wet dreams.
I tried to push the thoughts of his body out of my head but wasn't having any luck until Jax cleared his throat from a few paces behind me.
"Didn't you say it was 212?"
I stopped and spun around quickly to see him stopped outside the door to my room with a smirk on his face and I felt my face heat up in embarrassment.
"Oh yeah... sorry my mind was... somewhere else."
He smirked wider and chuckled as I walked over and slid the key into the door.
"Care to share what you were thinking about?"
I could feel my face get even hotter and shook my head quickly.
"Um no, not particularly. I think I'll keep it to myself."
He laughed and I pursed my lips in frustration. There's no way he knew what I was thinking about right? He had to be laughing just because I was acting a little out of it... right?
We walked into the room together and I shut the door slowly behind us before turning to face him where he was leaning against the small kitchenette counter nearby and looking around the room. It wasn't a large room, but it had enough for a longer stay.
There was the kitchenette and bathroom near the door and further into the room there was a small sitting area, a balcony, and the bed and my eyes strayed immediately from the bed back to Jax.
I let my eyes travel over him quickly, taking a moment to fully take him in now that we were alone. The man was extremely fit and I watched the muscles in his arms flex as he stretched them a little. Then I looked back up and met his eyes and I realized he'd caught me watching him. I blushed again and saw his lips curl into another small smirk.
"So... what do you have to drink?"
My mind immediately blanked and I wanted to die as I realized that I didn't actually have anything in the room other than what it came with, and I hadn't bothered to check what that was before I left.
"Um, I'm actually not sure. I'll check the fridge."
I mumbled out before hurrying over to the small fridge and praying they had something in it. I opened it and looked through the few things inside and opened my mouth to tell him what options he had. But I paused, feeling his body directly behind me.
"So, you invited me up for a drink, without even knowing if you had anything. I can't help but wonder if you had other intentions for inviting me to your room."
His voice was lower and I slowly stood up and turned to face him. Only a foot or so between us as I looked up to meet his gaze.
"I- uhh..."
Was all I managed to get out before he bent down. I leaned up into him and our lips slammed together. Our kiss was passionate and hungry, seemingly carrying with it years of pent up memories. I curled my arms around his neck pulling him closer into me as one of his hands wrapped around the back of my neck. He licked my bottom lip and I opened my mouth for him.
My body arched against him and I broke the kiss to give us both some much needed air. Jax's other hand moved to grip my hip and gently pull me closer against him, pressing our bodies tightly together.
I groaned as I felt him press against me and he paused for a brief second before moving both his hands down to my butt and picked me up. I squealed in surprise and wrapped my legs around him tightly.
"Jax put me down!"
He chuckled and looked down at me with his signature smirk.
"Relax Ash, I'm not going to drop you. I'll put you down if you want, but personally, I like this position better."
Jax said, his voice low and husky, before bending and pressing his lips into my neck and suckling at the skin. I moaned and tilted my neck to the side to give him better access. I felt him smile into my skin before running his tongue up the length of my neck until he reached the sensitive spot behind my ear. He nipped lightly at the skin there and I moaned again, arcing my body and grinding against him.
He was right, this position was better. I thought as I felt his cock pressing against me. Loving the feeling of his tongue on my neck mixed with the friction of me grinding against him. I could feel my arousal building until Jax leaned his head back and pulled my lower body slightly away from him and I heard myself whimper in frustration.
"I'm going to cum before we even start if you don't stop grinding on me like that."
Jax grunted under his breath, before looking at me through heavy lidded eyes, dark with arousal. He stepped forward and set me down on the counter before moving his arms and lifting his shirt over his head in a single movement. I moved my hands to his chest, feeling my way over the curves and ridges as my gaze washed over him.
I moved my hands to his pants where I wrapped my hand around him through the fabric. Squeezing and massaging him until a deep drawn out moan erupted from his lips. I grinned and he shook his head before tilting forward to stare down at me.
His lips crashed against mine as his hands rushed to the bottom of my shirt and pulled it over my head. I reached behind me and unsnapped my bra tossing it to the side without a second thought. Then I reached for the zipper to his pants and unfastened them, before Jax shoved them and his underwear down and kicked them to the side.
My hands went to my shorts next, unbuttoning them and lifting myself up just enough to push them and my panties down and kick them off. Then, in less than a second, he scooped me up again like I weighed nothing. I wrapped my legs around him again and without the fabric between us I could feel his hard shaft against my lower lips and moaned in anticipation.
Jax moved so he was holding me up with one arm, shifting our bodies to direct himself against my opening. Then paused to look deep into my eyes.
"You ready?"
His voice barely above a whisper and saturated with desire. I smirked and moved my hips, pressing myself down onto him. We both groaned and Jax stumbled forward, but caught himself quickly.
"Does that answer your question?"
I asked and he chuckled softly.
"Yeah, but a little warning next time would be great. We almost fell over."
I grinned and started moving my hips against him. Moaning again at the incredible feeling of him moving inside me.
"A girl can't wait forever Jax."
A light seemed to flick in his eyes and his jaw clenched. His fingers dug into my hips as he began thrusting into me. My head dropped back and I planted my hands on the counter behind me, giving me enough leverage to push back against him, meeting his thrusts.
"Fuck yes, you feel amazing."
I groaned out and he sped up further, the slapping sound of our bodies coming together rebounding through the small room.
"God, I can't believe how long we waited to do this."
Jax groaned and I barely managed a nod in agreement. One of his hands made its way between us and started rubbing my clit softly and I almost screamed.
"I'm going to cum."
I moaned and I felt him quicken his pace.
"Do it. Cum for me Asha."
He grunted, his voice and words pushed me over the edge and I came hard. Screaming his name as I came undone around him. He thrust into me a few more times before a loud groan slipped from his lips and he exploded into me. I moved myself against him a few times drawing out both our orgasms until slowing to a stop and he leaned forward, propping himself up on the counter.
"Fuck, that was... incredible."
He groaned and I nodded in agreement. After a few moments he pulled back and I sighed at the empty feeling that overtook me as he pulled out.
"Damnit are you on the pill?"
He asked quickly and I chuckled and nodded.
"Yes, don't worry."
Jax grinned and nodded in relief before pausing and letting his eyes roam over me.
"What?"
I asked after he'd spent what seemed like an exorbitantly long amount of time staring at me. He grinned and shook his head.
"Nothing. We just got so caught up that I didn't get a chance to admire just how beautiful you really are."
I blushed and rolled my eyes.
"Oh shut up. Besides you're one to talk. You look like a fucking Greek god."
Jax laughed and moved to strike a pose, flexing his muscles as he looked into the tall mirror next to the door.
"Really? A God huh? Maybe I need to update my resume."
I rolled my eyes and hopped off the counter.
"If you're done admiring yourself. You're more than welcome to come join me in bed. I'm thinking the next round may be in order."
Jax turned quickly and rushed over, trying to catch me as I darted for the bed. He caught me just as I hit the edge of the bed and I turned as we fell onto the sheets with a huff. He lifted himself off me slightly and smirked as he stared into my eyes.
"I'm more than ready if you are. But this time, I want to take my time and really enjoy you. I'm going to make you cum more times tonight than you can count."
I laughed lightly.
"Quite a lofty goal you've set there."
He smirked up at me with a knowing smile.
"Oh it's not a goal sweetheart. It's a promise."
I swallowed at his words, and the way he said it left no doubt in my mind that this would be a long and pleasurable night.
He bent towards me again, his lips meeting my nipple and sucking it into his mouth. I sighed happily as he lifted his hand to massage the other breast, pinching and twisting my nipple gently.
I reached for him wrapping my fingers in his hair as I relished in his ministrations of my body. He always had been good with his tongue I mused to myself. He bent and licked his way from my breasts down to my belly button. Gently kissing his way along my lower abdomen all the way to one side then the other.
"What's this?"
He asked curiously as he paused at my far right. I grinned and turned onto my side almost all the way around so he could see my back.
"That would be a tattoo. It's this funny practice where someone stabs artwork into your skin with a needle and ink."
"Smartass."
He mumbled but I could see the amusement in his eyes so I decided to keep going.
"It's quite barbaric if you really think about it but what can you do? Beauty is pain."
He chuckled and rolled his eyes.
"Then you must be in pain constantly, because you my dear, are breathtaking."
I giggled at his cheesy line and turned a little further to give him a full view of the tattoo. It was an abstract piece I had designed myself and stretched across my entire back.
"Oh stop it. But honestly what do you think of it? We had always talked about getting tattoos when we were kids. And I got this one a few years ago, I designed it myself. "
He lifted his head from where he had been kissing along my rib cage and leaned back to look it over.
"It's a beautiful piece Asha, it suits you. Compliments your skin and curves beautifully but if this is what your mind is thinking about I think I need to step it up a little."
I thought I'd offended him until I felt a sharp pinch on my butt and jerked my head around in shock.
"Did you just bite my ass?"
I laughed slightly at the absurdity and he chuckled in response, his teeth still digging into my skin. Then he let it go and gently licked and sucked the spot and I sighed in pleasure at the feeling.
"Yes, yes I did."
The laugh in his voice was barely contained and I smirked before spinning around quickly, pushing him down onto the mattress and positioning myself on top.
"You're insane Jaxon Vines."
He chuckled and shook his head, his black locks splayed around his face.
"Insane with lust maybe. Your body could drive anyone wild."
I didn't get a chance to respond before he picked me up, shifting me so I was positioned right above his face. I opened my mouth to protest but all that came out was a long moan as his tongue pushed inside me. I'd never sat atop a man for oral before and couldn't even decide if I enjoyed it or not before I had to grip the headboard for stability as the pleasure caused me to get dizzy.
He lapped at me hungrily, his tongue alternating between thrusting into me and sucking on my clit. Then I felt him slide his hand up and push a finger into my pussy as he sucked and licked at my clit. He added a second finger and began thrusting them in and out of me as he continued working on my clit.
My moaning increased and I gasped for air as I tried to speak.
"I'm so close. Oh, yes."
He sped up his fingers and I gripped the headboard, my knuckles turning white as I tried to stay upright. Then the pleasure overtook me and I came hard against him feeling the waves of pleasure course through my body. But he didn't stop. I looked down at him in surprise and he winked at me before sliding a third finger in with his others. I groaned loud and deep at the fullness but couldn't look away from his face as I watched him pleasure me.
I could occasionally catch glimpses of his lips and tongue, and found watching him under me to be incredibly erotic. My body was still sensitive from my orgasm and it didn't take long for me to feel another one building up inside.
I moaned in pleasure and closed my eyes as the pleasure became too much. I had to bite back a scream as he gently nipped my clitoris and the mild pain mixed with the pleasure pushed me into my climax. I felt the orgasm through every fiber of my body and found myself dizzier than ever as I tried to establish up from down.
Unfortunately, I didn't seem to do very well at it, as I felt myself tipping over but couldn't get my bearings enough to catch myself. I felt something wrap around me and when the world finally stopped spinning I realized Jax had caught me and gently moved me so I was lying in his arms. He chuckled as he looked down at me, a full grin spread across his lips.
"You alright there?"
I laughed lightly and nodded.
"Yeah I think I blacked out for a second though."
He grinned proudly and I sat up, pushing him down onto the bed with me over him. I leaned down, running my tongue down the length of his abdomen and then up the shaft of his penis earning a low groan from him. I grinned up at him and slipped him into my mouth sucking him as deep as I could and holding him there while I licked the underside of his cock with my tongue. He moaned again, letting his eyes flutter closed and his head drop back against the headboard.
"Fuck Asha, when did you get so good at sucking dick."
He groaned with a slight chuckle as I retreated and took a deep breath.
"Probably about the same time you got so good at eating pussy."
I grinned back and he didn't respond, instead he wrapped his hand into my hair as I went back down on him, tightening his grip into a fist in my hair and earning a moan from me, muffled by his cock filling my mouth. I sucked him harder and as I pulled back again I closed my mouth just slightly, letting my bottom teeth lightly graze the bottom of his shaft until it slipped from my lips with a pop.
He wrapped his other hand around my shoulder and pulled me up to him, slamming his lips against mine as he flipped us around so he was now leaning over me yet again. His large frame easily overtaking my body.
"You into exhibitionism?"
He asked with a smirk in his voice as he kissed down my neck to my breasts.
"Never tried it, why?"
He paused right as he reached my left breast and looked up, his stormy eyes meeting mine.
"Cause I want to fuck your delicious pussy on that balcony for the world to see."
I let my gaze slide over to the door and bit my bottom lip as I thought it over. Then he sucked my nipple into his mouth again and I sighed happily and nodded.
"Ok. Let's do it."
He grinned and jumped up scooping me into his arms and carrying me outside. The cool summer night air pricked at my skin causing slight goosebumps. The hotel was small, with only two stories, and while we were on the second story, it was far from out of sight. The balcony had a clear view of the beach and I saw a couple out on the sand with their backs to us, watching the waves.
I started second guessing myself and was about to ask him to take me back inside when he set me down and turned me so my back was towards him. He wrapped his arms around me, sliding one hand down my body and between my legs, stroking my clit with light, teasing movements. I moaned softly and let myself relax in his arms as his other hand wrapped around one of my breasts teasing my nipple.
I watched the couple as he played with my body, knowing all they had to do was turn around and they'd have a clear view of my entire body on display. But instead of feeling the same anxiety as before, I found it exhilarating. Jax slipped his hand lower, sliding two fingers into me and a loud low moan slipped from my mouth as my eyes fluttered closed. He pushed my legs further apart gently, and shifted so the palm of his hand would rub against my clit as he fingered me.
I arched against him as he picked up speed, fingering me roughly. Another moan slipped from my mouth and I heard Jax's low voice in my ear.
"Open your eyes beautiful. You've got an audience."
My eyes shot open, immediately locking with the couple on the beach who were watching us intently. I was frozen, I couldn't decide if I wanted to sprint back inside and hide, or spread myself wider to give them a better view. Jax seemed to know what he wanted though, and bent down, gently lifting one of my legs by my knee, displaying clearly what he was doing to my body.
I stiffened, but didn't move, trying to decide if I enjoyed this or not. Then I saw the other couple whisper to each other before shifting into a similar position on their blanket. The man moved behind and his partner spread her legs over his and lifted her skirt. I was barely able to make out that she didn't have panties on beneath her skirt and held my breath as I watched him begin to stroke her pussy as they both watched us. I felt myself getting even hornier as I watched them. Who knew it would be so hot to watch another couple? Jax's voice in my ear startled me slightly as he spoke again.
"I think you turned them on sweetheart. I told you your body could make anyone insane with lust."
I smiled slightly and lifted my hands, wrapping one around one of my breasts and lifting the other above my head to wrap around Jax behind me, Holding him as close to my body as I could and letting my eyes drop closed again. He slid a third finger into me and I moaned, loud and deep at the amazing feeling of his fingers in me. Another moan made my eyes shoot open and right back to the other couple.
She moaned again as her partner slid his fingers into her, matching his thrusts with Jax's in me. My body felt like it was on fire as I watched them, unable to break my gaze this time. I dropped my hand from my breast, moving it behind me to wrap around Jax's cock, stroking it in time with his fingers in me. Almost on queue the other woman did the same, reaching behind her and wrapping her hand around his cock. I had no idea when he'd taken it out but I didn't care.
I felt my body getting close to cumming yet again and moaned, this time trying to make it loud enough to ensure they could hear me. Jax increased his pace, slamming his fingers into my body and I dropped my hand from the back of his head to my clit, stroking it hard as I watched the other woman do the same. My release came hard and fast like a waterfall and I came apart on his hand, shaking from the force of my orgasm. I heard myself scream out into the night as I came and the other woman was only seconds behind in her own release.
Jax gently lowered my leg back to the ground and I started to turn, thinking that was it when he gently pushed my back down. I glanced back at him questioningly and he smirked as he positioned himself behind me at my entrance. I nodded and lifted my arms to grip the balcony railing and looked out to the beach, watching as they stripped and she got into all fours with him behind her. Jax pressed himself into me and I groaned at the full feeling. Doggy had always been my favorite position. I loved how deep and full it felt and this time was no different.
He pushed into me until he was buried to the hilt then retreated slowly, letting my body adapt to the new position. I bit my lip, trying to focus on the other couple but the pleasure of him inside me was almost overwhelming. Slowly he began to build up speed until he was fucking me with full force, the sound of our bodies echoing through the night mirrored by the sounds of the other couple.
I watched as he fucked her, the sight of his dick disappearing into her curvy ass so sexy I couldn't look away. He wrapped his hand into her curly blonde hair, pulling roughly so her body arched up. Giving me a view of her full breasts.
"God yes, Jax, pull my hair."
I gasped out as I watched them intently. I felt him gather my hair in his hand and then moaned as he pulled me back into the same position as them.
"I have to say I'm a little surprised Asha."
Jax mumbled in my ear as he fucked me hard.
"I didn't think you'd like it rough."
I smirked and glanced over my shoulder at him briefly.
"I want it as hard and rough as you can give it to me, Jax."
His gaze darkened and he smirked.
"You might regret that beautiful."
I felt slightly uneasy at his tone, I hadn't ever really been fucked rough before, but something about it just felt so right and animalistic that I knew I wanted it. He released my hair, wrapping his hand around my throat instead and tightening it as he pulled me back, arching my body so far it was a little painful. But it only made me hotter.
"Yes, oh yes."
I moaned out, almost completely muffled with his hand on my throat. My eyes went back to the beach a little disappointed to see that he still only had his hand wrapped in her hair. But it was still fucking hot and I thrust myself back against Jax roughly. Meeting his thrusts with my own as I felt my climax building. His other hand went to my clit and rubbed it hard as he tightened his grip on my throat. I moaned loudly as I felt myself getting slightly dizzy.
The lack of oxygen was making me even hornier and I could hear myself muttering something completely unintelligible. I wasn't even sure what I was saying, I just wanted him not to stop. His thrusts into my body came harder and more wild and I knew he was close too. I felt my body shaking from the ecstasy and finally with one last hard thrust he came hard in me right as my body exploded in its own release.
Jax groaned deep as he came and I felt liquid gush from my pussy. He let go of my throat and I sucked air in trying to push back the blackness from the edges of my vision. I'd never cum so hard in my life and looked back to the beach as the other couple both came as well. Jax slowly withdrew from my body and I sighed sadly at the immediate empty feeling. I was surprised as more liquid fell from me as he pulled out and looked down in shock at the small puddle on the floor. Jax chuckled and shook his head in disbelief.
"You didn't tell me you were a squirter Ash!"
My eyes widened in shock. That was from me?
"I'm not! Well at least I wasn't... I mean I've never..."
I mumbled out and he laughed again and pulled me to him. Kissing me passionately as he wrapped his arms around my body. When we broke apart again I looked back to the beach and Jax followed my gaze. The other couple was dressed again and just finishing packing up their stuff. We watched them as they picked up the last of their things and started walking towards the path off the beach. They both waved at us happily and the girl blew us a kiss and we waved back just before they disappeared out of sight.
Jax scooped me up again and carried me bridal style back inside. Shutting the door behind us and dropping me on the bed gently. He pulled the blankets over me and moved to climb in next to me and pulled me against him. I curled up with my head on his chest and smiled feeling more satisfied and relaxed than I had in years as I drifted off to sleep.