Dina was bored. She'd done her errands, she'd hit the gym and she didn't know what to do. The prospect of playing Candy Crush again was not looking like a good way to spend her time.
As always, when Dina got bored, her mind started to wander, and, as always, the wandering turned to him. She pictured their last time together, the secret glances and the stolen kisses. She replayed conversations, and she saw them together, his hard cock pressed into her naked belly, her hand stroking him as her perfect, round tits pressed into his chest.
Knowing what would happen if she didn't see him soon, she decided to pay him a visit. He was at work today, at the new bar he'd opened with a mutual friend, so she knew he'd be there. It was daytime, there wouldn't be that many customers, and she could spend some time, chatting and flirting with him.
Dina had showered after the gym, and as always, she'd trimmed her pussy into the landing strip they both liked. Of course, she'd taken the opportunity to play with herself a bit, but she wanted more. She wanted him to touch her, and she knew he'd want to touch her as well.
Since she knew he loved her curves, Dina threw on a pair of leggings and a low cut t-shirt. Something to tease him with, to be able to show more when she leaned over. Truthfully, she loved the looks she got from men (and some women) when she dressed like that. She made sure the bra she was wearing was pretty and lacy demi cut, in case her nipples got hard. She knew he loved looking at her hard nipples. Her panties were low cut, for, you know, just in case. Dina pictured him, kneeling on the floor in front of her, his mouth on her clit and two fingers twisting deep inside her, and she felt her pussy clench, and she knew she was getting wet.
She checked her hair, got in her car and drove the short distance to his bar. She'd never been in there before - she wasn't much of a drinker, though she did the "freedom" she knew came to her when she was a little drunk.
She pulled into the parking lot, took a deep breath and went inside.
It was a nice place, with a long bar along the wall, tall banguettes running down the middle, and booths along the other walls. TVs were playing for the few customers that were there during the day, and she heard music as well. The bar was well lit, and not dark and gross. She could definitely see herself coming here.
She had no idea how right she was.
She saw him before he saw her, coming out of a small storage closet with a box in his hands. He was wearing a black t shirt and jeans, and a pair of sneakers. Simple, but yet, she found him so sexy. She'd told him so many times, but he never understood why.
She watched him walk behind the bar, kneel down, and then disappear. Confused, Dina just stood there for a minute or two, when he finally reappeared, with several cases of beer in his hand.
He out them down, and then he saw her. Dina heart leaped when she saw the huge smile on his face, and she knew how he felt about her.
He came out from behind the bar, and came up to her, and gave her a big, but publicly appropriate hug. As he hugged her, he whispered in her ear "It's so good to see you. You look fantastic". Then, without anyone noticing, he quickly sucked her earlobe into his mouth. Dina moaned softly.
Fortunately, only he heard her.
She went to pull away from the hug, bet he held on one more second and said "You know, no ones knows you here. They barely know me. You don't have to be worried about who's watching you.you can hug me all you want. Hell. you can even bring those sexy lips up to mine, if you want to".
Dina wanted to, and though she definitely had an exhibitionist streak, she wasn't ready to kiss him like that in public. Not yet, though she wanted to. The day wasn't over yet.
He walked her over to the bar, and sat down next to her. They sat and chatted for a long while, just chatting, enjoying each others company. They could talk about anything, for hours. They touched each other, discretely at first, then more and more.
He swiveled their stools so that they were facing each other, which had the added advantage of their legs being intertwined. AS they spoke, he began touching her legs, sliding his fingers and hands across her legs and inner thighs, playing with her gently, teasing her.
He shifted his seat briefly, so that both his legs were between hers, and he kept rubbing her. They were both getting very horny, and it wasn't helped by the fact that he started occasionally sliding his finger up her slit, with nice, firm pressure. She saw him smile, and asked why.
"They're watching you", he said. "They've been checking you out non stop since you walked in here, and they're watching to see if we disappear into the back room or something."
Dina laughed. "Do you have a back room?"
He smiled back, "No, we don't. There's a large basement storage room. There's an entrance in the parking lot, and a trapdoor with stairs under the bar so we can go downstairs to get stuff without going outside. It's pretty standard in bars."
While he spoke, he kept rubbing her.
Dina was getting close. Not to cumming, but to not caring about where she was, and what she was doing. For some reason, she wanted them to watch her, to see what they were doing together.
Dina acted. She leaned her pussy forward, pushing it into his hand. At the same time, she flipped her head back and moaned, just loudly enough.
"Should we give them a show? Should we tease them?" he asked her.
Dina's only response was to take his hand, move it from her pussy and with her other hand, pull her leggings forward and down, exposing her pussy to him, and, if they were watching the men in the room.
By their reaction, they saw, and Dina blushed, but she didn't stop.
His hand went to her pussy, and just played gently, sliding through her lips, circling her clit gently, sliding inside her just a little bit.
Everyone was watching, while sort of pretending not to watch, as if, if they really stared, the two of them would stop.
Dina was really enjoying the moment, when the door opened, and Mike, his business partner walked in. Dina knew him, and knew that he had a crush on her. He couldn't see what they were doing, but as he kept walking towards them, it became obvious, and Dina didn't know what to do.
She was sitting on a bar stool with her legs spread, and with the way his hand was arched over, palm up, her pussy was completely exposed. On the one hand, she wasn't sure she wanted a guy who she knew wanted her to see her like this. She didn't want him, and that was that, but she didn't mind letting him see what he couldn't have. On the other hand, this was a little too close for comfort. She knew him in the "outside world" as well, and didn't need the headaches.
His walk towards them seemed to take forever, and Dina didn't know what to do. Then, all of a sudden, he was right next to them at the same time that he slid his middle finger deep inside Dina's pussy. Dina involuntarily arched her back and lifted herself from the stool.
She was totally exposed to everyone, especially to his Mike who could see not just her pussy, but his finger buried deep inside her.
His reaction was immediate, and he smiled. "Now this is the kind of bar I've always wanted" Mike exclaimed.
For the first time, he realized Mike was there, and quickly pulled his hand out of Dina's pants. Dina was actually somewhat disappointed, but understood. She pouted at him and he smiled back at her.
Mike looked at them and said "Wow. How come you've never come in here and done that with me?"
Dina was entirely sure he was serious. He was constantly hitting on her and trying to flirt with her. Dina decided to really make Mike jealous and miserable. Honestly, he wasn't a bad guy, not a bad looking guy, but she didn't want him.
"Do you mean why don't I ever let you finger me in public?" she asked.
"Yeah, or to be honest, anywhere." he answered her.
"I bet you'd like to touch me, right here, right now. I can see you want me, I can see bu the way you're staring at my chest." With that, Dina hooked her finger in the v-neck and slid the shirt down just past her breasts. With the lace and the demi cut, she was very exposed.
"Is that what you want to see, Mike?" she teased as she let go of the shirt. "From the looks of things" Dina said as she looked at his bulging crotch, "you do like it."
"Who wouldn't?" Mike said.
"Not to break up your love fest, you two, but Mike, are you ready, we've got things to do downstairs." he said.
"Boy, you are a fucking buzz kill, aren't you." replied Mike.
He stood, leaned forward and kissed her. He whispered in her ear "I'll be downstairs for a little while. Feel free to continue teasing them, if you want."
With a look of love and lust, he walked away, and he and Mike went downstairs.
Dina sat at the bar, lost in her own thoughts. The customers tried to engage her in sexual conversation, but she wasn't interested in talking right now.
A few minutes later, two heads popped up from behind the bar, and he said to Mike "I'll finish up here, and you go." We need all of that stuff, and they're not making a delivery today."
Mike looked at her and said "Why do I have to go? I want to 'finish up' here" as he air quoted.
Dina immediately decided to keep teasing him, and she smiled at Mike and said "You want to finish me up, Mike? You want to play with me? To touch me?" As she spoke, she leaned forward, and let him look right down her shirt.
While Mike stared, she said "Nope. You can't." Then with an mischievous grin as she looked at her love, said "I am going to let him do whatever he wants to me, wherever he wants to. HE could fuck me right here on this bar, if he wants to."
The look on everyone's face was priceless. Dina could even see the twenty somethings behind her in the mirror react. She even heard someone say, "Damn, what a MILF!"
A MILF. Dina smiled.
With a long look at Dina, Mike left.
Dina turned back to her love, and smiled. "That was fun."
He responded, "Oh yes, but, I'm sorry, the fun has to wait for now." I have some work to do downstairs, and If you don't mind, I'd like you to stick around. It won't be long."
Dina wasn't going anywhere. She wanted more, but she wasn't comfortable staying out there alone with the customers. She saw the look in her eyes, and while she wasn't afraid, she wasn't interested in being alone with them, and she told him so.
"I understand" he said, and he told her to stand behind the bar. "The bar is fairly high and wide, and I'll be right under you, so call me if you need any help. Just watch out for the trapdoor."
Dina walked behind the bar, and saw the trapdoor. It was fairly large, and set right under the bar so you could go up and down without anyone falling in.
He went down, and Dina watched him.
She stood at the bar, making small talk, exchanging glaces, generally playing with the customers. She was having fun, and she was enjoying the looks they were giving her. Horny, but not scary or harmful.
He was watching Dina from below, and knew what he was going to do.
He came up through the trapdoor right below her, but out of sight of everyone else. He touched her foot so she wouldn't be surprised.
Very slowly, he started caressing her legs again, working his way up them. Dina was responding to his touches, and he could feel the wetness and heat from her pussy.
Slowly he worked his fingers into the waistband of her leggings, and pulled them down. Then her panties. As he stared at he perfectly manicured pussy, he desperately wished that for some bizarre reason he's installed a security camera there. Slowly he lifted one leg, then the other, and soon, she was naked from the waist down.
He began playing with Dina's pussy. All the while, he could hear her talking, and realized that all of the guys had joined her at the bar.
He leaned forward on the stairs, put his face right next to her pussy and inhaled deeply. He loved the way she smelled and tasted. Slowly he slid his tongue into her pussy and found her clit. He flicked it and she responded by grinding down into him. Soon he was licking her all over, sucking her clit into his mouth, sliding his tongue inside her, spreading her lips wide and blowing on her clit.
Dina was going nuts. She felt incredible. She loved the way he ate her pussy, and she was trying so hard to not moan out loud, or move around too much. She felt so hot knowing that inches away from these guys, several of which she decided were very cute, was her naked pussy. She was definitely glad that a man's sense of smell was not as sensitive as a woman's, because she was dripping wet, and she could smell herself. She inhaled deeply.
He looked up at Dina, but from the way she was leaning, he couldn't see her face. That was too bad, because he loved the way she looked when she was being pleasured. He maneuvered himself closer to her pussy, and grabbed her ass with both hands, and started grinding his face into her pussy, rubbing his face all over her clit, and using his tongue to play with her lips.
Soon his eating her pussy brought Dina right to the edge, and Dina came. She came hard. The whole situation was turning her own, and she bit her lips to stop herself from screaming. She felt her face get red and hot, and her nipples felt like they'd explode out of her shirt.
There was no way those guys didn't notice something, but Dina didn't care.
He held Dina's legs as he felt them go weak. He heard one of the guys ask "Are you OK?"
Dina mumbled "Uh...yeah...I ...um...fine, yes, thanks...he was just...I'm..."
He heard Dina trying to answer them, and decided to have fun with her. Holding her beautiful ass with one hand, he quickly slid two fingers deep inside her pussy, and curved them forward. He quickly ran them in and out of her dripping wet pussy. He kept his thumb extended so that on every in stroke, it hit Dina's clit.
Dina was still sensitive from her last orgasm, and she felt the buildup , rush and orgasm hit her very quickly. She arched her back, and pushed down on his fingers as she came. This time she couldn't stifle the cry.
Dina realized that with the way she arched her back, if anyone was looking down, they could see her, naked from the waist down with fingers in her pussy. Looking at the bar, she realized it might be too wide, and she was actually kind of disappointed. The combination of horniness, orgasms and the way these young guys kept looking at her was really turning her on, and a million thoughts were flying through her mind. She wanted him to fuck her on the bar, she wanted to rip her clothes of and put on a show for these guys, she wanted them to all play with her at once. She wanted to kneel down and take their cocks into her mouth. She wanted to get fucked.
Slowly, very slowly, she stared to calm down. She said to the guys, "Why don't you have a seat. The next round is on the house." They smiled at her and walked back to their table. All of a sudden, Dina heard one of them say "Did you see that? When I saw that guy pull her pants down in the mirror, I almost lost it!" "I know" another responded, watching his fingers pumping her, I almost came in my pants!" "Yeah" said a third, "And I think she knew we could see. That chick is so hot!"
"The mirror!" Dina thought.
Dina immediately turned red, both from embarrassment and from being as turned on as she'd ever been. She immediately squatted down under the bar. He smiled at her, took her beautiful face in her hands and said "Hello beautiful. I love you" and kissed her deeply. Dina kissed him back, tasting herself on his face, lips and tongue.
As they kissed, Dina told him everything she'd overheard, and everything that she'd been thinking. As she spoke, he lightly played with her pussy, loving the softness and wetness of it. She had the best pussy in the world.
He didn't want to make her cum again so soon, so he tried not to stimulate her too much.
Finally he said "You promised them drinks. You'd better bring them out there." Dina was reluctant, but agreed. She went to grab her pants, but he looked at her and said "No. No pants. Let them see what they want."
Dina smiled and said "No way! I can't walk out there like that!"
"What if I came with you?" he asked.
"That would be better, but I'd still feel too exposed."
"I understand. Let me ask you something. Did you like them looking at you?"
"Yes"
"Do you want them to look at you more?"
"Yes", Dina admitted. "But no touching. Only you can touch me. They can want to touch me, but no touching. It's too much."
"OK", he said. "Let's do it like this."
He gave her a short apron to wear. It would cover only the front, and not much of it, but at least she wouldn't be totally exposed. That way, she could show if she wanted to, but everyone would know she was exposed. He'd go with her and stand behind her. Neither of them thought the guys would do anything. They clearly weren't that type.
Dina put the apron on while he poured a pitcher of beer. He put it on a tray and gave it to her. He leaned in and kissed her and said "Are you ready? Are you sure you want this?"
Dina kissed him back, smiled and walked out from behind the bar.
Dina knew she'd made the right decision as soon as she saw the looks she was getting.
Dina walked up to the table and stopped a few feet short of it and just stood there for a second. She smiled and said "You boys having a good time?"
They all laughed.
"Do you like what you see?" she teased.
They all smiled and said "Yes!"
Dina took a deep breath. "Do you want to see some more?"
At that point, he stepped out from behind her and said "Here are the rules. She makes all the decisions about what she agrees to and what she does. You can look, but you can't touch. No pictures, no telling anyone about this, and you make her feel the slightest bit uncomfortable, it's over. Deal?"
They all agreed, and Dina smiled.
He stepped back behind her and said "Be a good girl and give them a beer, but don't spill it. It helps if you bend forward to serve them."
Dina leaned forward, and her top dropped forward. They were all staring openly at her tits. While she stood there enjoying them staring, he spread her legs a bit, and ran his finger up her pussy.
Dina moaned. The guys smiled.
"Dina, do you want to tell them why you're moaning?"
Dina paused and then said "He's fingering me. He has his finger on the magic button."
The guys all leaned around to look while he kept up the pressure on her.
After a minute or so, he said "I don't think they can really see. Do you?"
Dina said "I don't think so. Maybe we should show them some more."
He replied. It's all up to you honey. It's all up to you."
Dina stood up, leaned back into him and whispered in his ear "Undress me. Show them everything."
Slowly he slid her right arm and then her left up and out of her sleeves. He pulled her shirt down to her waist. She stood there in front of them in her bra.
All she heard was "Whoa..."
He unhooked the clasp in the back, and Dina's perfect C cups were on display, her nipples standing at attention. He caressed her breasts, played with her nipples, and pulled on them, they way she liked. She could feel every hair stand on end when he did that.
He whispered in her ear "Are you ready?"
Dina nodded.
He untied the apron string and dropped the apron to the floor. She was totally exposed to the guys. They were completely silent, taking it all in.
"Touch yourself" one of her admirers said.
Dina slid her right hand down, and slid it between her lips, She was so ready, so wet and so opened up that she almost came right there. Using her index and ring fingers, Dina opened her lips, and began running hard circles back and forth across her clit. It was her favorite and most reliable way to cum. She sort of regretted that he'd said no cameras, but it was too late.
As she rubbed her pussy, he was kissing her neck, sucking on her earlobes and playing with her tits. He ran his hands softly, yet firmly all across her body.
Dina was soon overwhelmed by all of the attention, and she had a huge orgasm.
He held her close while she came, and when she was done, he kissed her.
"That was the hottest thing I've ever seen you do, and that is saying something."
Dina felt the rock hard bulge in his pants, and said "Fuck me. Please fuck me." He took her hand, and started leading her away.
"No" she said. "Fuck me right here."
He unbuckled his pants and pulled down his zipper. Quickly kicking off his sneakers, he pulled his pants off.
Dina knelt forward, but their height difference was too much, so she lifted her right leg up, and put it on the table. Quickly, all of the guys slid forward for a look. She smiled. They could see all of her.
Dina reached behind her, and grabbed his cock. She thought about wetting him a bit, but decided to just slide him inside her.
She positioned him at the opening of her pussy, and he sloooooowly put the head of his cock inside.
He could feel her lips gripping him and sliding inside with him, and he just held himself there, enjoying the feeling of just penetrating her slightly.
Dina wanted more, so she slid backwards, taking him all the way in. When he could go no further, she topped, and reached underneath her to grab his balls. She held them firmly, and rubbed them against her.
"Fuck me. Fuck me hard. I want you to cum inside me."
He picked up the pace, sliding in and out of her. First quickly, then slowly. First deeper, then shallower.
The guys had all crowded around her, and she could see some of them were rubbing themselves.
She told them they could take their cocks out, but none of them did.
She teased them. "Are you embarrassed? Seriously? With what you see right in front of you? I want to see them. Take them out."
Quickly, they all dropped their pants, and Dina took in the sight. All of these hard cocks, all of this horniness, all of it was for and from her. She loved it.
Dina felt him pounding her pussy even harder, and she heard him grunting. She knew from past experience that he was going to cum. She clenched her pussy muscles down on his cock as tightly as she could.
With one final push, he did, burying himself inside her. She could feel his cock pulsing, and feel the cum spurting out of him. She also felt a mini orgasm hit her.
Slowly, he stopped moving, and leaned up against her.
"Don't take it out yet." she said. "Leave it in me for a little while."
As she started to calm down, Dina looked around. She saw everyone staring at her with huge smiles and looks of pleasure on their faces.
She smiled, and thought to herself. "My God, what will I do tomorrow?"