After the disastrous play exam Bonny received at the hands of Dr. Ken and crew, she felt it was not one and done. She noticed as they walked out of the building a sign at the entrance 'Central County OBGYN Associates Third floor. Saturday appointments available'. To Bonny's astonishment there was a real medical office in this building. The couple walked to the car. Carl opened the door for Bonny, she entered their vehicle, and the couple stopped at a restaurant for dinner on the way home.
"I am so sorry I put you through the humiliation of the exam Bonny. If I knew how much stress the exam caused you I would not have pressured you to receive it. I will understand if you didn't want to do this again." Carl stated regretfully.
"Carl, I don't mind doing it for you, but I had a feeling there was a devious undercurrent today during the exam." Bonny stated as she had a bad premonition of things to come.
They finished their meal, Carl paid, and the couple walked arm in arm to the car. Carl opened the door for his wife. He loves his wife and felt bad for his insistence she receive a play exam. As Carl went around the car, Bonny slipped off her shoes, slacks, and panties.
"What are you doing Bonny?" Carl demanded in surprise.
"I am getting ready for a proper exam from my husband." Bonny stated as she removed her top and bra. Thus the mature woman was totally nude in the car in broad daylight.
"People will see you!" Carl stated worried.
"I thought you wanted me to be exposed to people?" Bonny who was extremely horny from the exam she just went thought, stated as she laid across the console her butt in the air with her pussy exposed. Anyone at a stop light could see her lady lips. The horny woman unzipped her husband, fished out his cock and put her mouth over the head of his manhood. She didn't suck on him she just let him grow in her mouth. They were ten minutes from home. Carl opened the garage door, drove in, and closed it behind them. It took her two minutes to get him off. Bonny swallowed his offering and smacked her lips.
"That was a very delicious, best desert I have had in a long time." Bonny stated.
Carl with his pecker hung out of his pants, went around the car, opened the door, and as she tried to slide out, he got on his knees, put her legs over his shoulders and sucked on her pussy to see if he could make her head cave in. She had a screaming orgasm in a minute. The blowjob she gave her husband excited her greatly along with the prolonged exposure and intimate inspection of her pussy. She needed her husband to fill the void.
They walked into the house, Carl his exposed pecker started to rise to the occasion and Bonny completely nude. The couple made it only to the kitchen table. Carl pushed is wife against the table and walked up in back of her finished the removal of his pants and briefs. By this time he was erect and ready. He pushed his pecker into her sheath and started the slow delightful process toward orgasm. Carl leaned over his wife and played with her breasts as he pumped into her love nest. Bonny was not a bystander in this love fest she pushed back, as he bottomed out she made a delightful sound to signify her pleasure. This prompted Carl to move faster toward they satisfaction.
"I am Cumminnng!" Bonny screamed. This signaled Carl did his job well and he could blow his load into his wife. She was satisfied for the time being, but her intimate exposure has awoken something in her hopefully it will not be her downfall.
Monday morning Bonny went to work. She gets there about a half hour before the rest of her group at Eight thirty. As she was their group leader she likes to prepare for the nine AM Monday meeting. But today was different Clarke who is a pain in Bonny's butt and someone that wants her job was there early.
"Hi Bonny, how was your weekend, did you do anything special?" Clarke asked.
"No, we just hung around town." Bonny stated.
"I saw you by the Bradford building at about one on Saturday going into it." Clarke stated and waited for her response.
She thought quickly. "Oh yes I had my yearly on the third floor. I am glad you can make an appointment on a weekend." Bonny said nervously.
"It is good you make time to make sure you are healthy." Clarke said with a smirk.
Bonny was proud of herself that she was observant and dogged the bullet today. Their meeting went very well. The week was a series of small challenges that Bonny overcame with little stress.
The couple's sex life has been rekindled by her exposure to the group of Med Fed fans. Carl has sent away for a portable exam table with stirrups. When it came in he set it up in the bonus room that serves as an extra bedroom. Carl pushed all the furniture to the side to make room. He also purchased a lighted speculum. Carl did not tell his wife, he wanted to surprise her.
Carl has become a good cook after he retired, so he made a meal for the couple. When Bonny came home from work, he told her to go and get comfortable, dinner will be in a half hour. Bonny went to the master bedroom took a shower, dried off and put on a pink negligee minus the panties it was long but see through. She looked in the mirror and thought. "I still got it."
Bonny walked out of the bedroom into the hall. She didn't notice the closed door to the spare bedroom on her way to the kitchen. She entered the kitchen and the light from the windows accented her beauty. There was a pink hue to her body, but she was completely exposed. From her hard nipples to her red pubic bush. When Bonny turned her bottom to her husband, it was a spectacular sight to behold the negligee highlighted her backside but didn't hide it. In fact, the negligee accented all her lovely curves, but didn't hide them.
"You look amazing my dear." Carl stated as she did a pirouette for him to see all sides of her exposed body.
They had a fantastic dinner. The couple laughed and brought up funny items each of them had done.
When they were finished Carl said. "I will clean up here I want you to go into the spare bedroom and get ready for a complete European style exam."
"What are you talking about Carl?" Bonny asked confused.
"Go see, I will be there after I clean up. Get ready for your exam. You haven't been examined in almost two weeks." Carl stated with a grin.
Bonny went to the spare room and found it was set up to give exams. She took off her negligee and sat on the exam table to await Dr. Carl. She waited seated in the nude on the table for fifteen minutes before Carl walked through the door in a white coat, buttoned up, with a stethoscope around his neck.
"I want you to lay back and I will adjust the stirrups for you and help you put your legs into them." Carl said as he adjusted her in a spread wide position with all her wonderful intimate parts available for his exam of them. "I think you are too dry for a speculum exam, so I will have to fix that. I forgot the KY, but I will have to improvise." He stated as he bent down and started to lick her slit.
"Oh my god that feels so good Carl!" Bonny moaned as he stuck his tongue into his wife's pussy and used his fingers to strum her clit. She was off in less than two minutes. "AhAhAH that is so good I need you in me Carl" Bonny screamed through her orgasm.
He wasn't done while she recovered from her first orgasm Carl stripped off the white coat his only garment and walked between his wife's wide-open legs. He inserted his member and started to pound her. Carl had pent up sperm that needed to be released and he did shoot a large load of baby makers into her with in a few minutes after he entered heaven's gate. He remembered in his mind's eye how wonderful the interior of his wife's pussy was when she was examined. They didn't get to the speculum exam today but he knows there will be more of this Medical Fetish play in the future. For now, they were sated their stress relieved through the orgasms they had.
It was Wednesday morning the day after their sex play when Carl received a text. "Check your email and call me. Signed Doctor Ken."
Carl went to the computer and opened his email browser. He found an email from Ken. Carl opened it and found the contract they signed, and many photos of his wife totally exposed, examined by the three fake medical people and in the midst of an orgasm.
The email stated, read your contract, and call me. "I do not want to have to send the photos to the chairman of the board of your wife's organization. She will never get her contract buyout she wants if I do." Signed Ken.
Carl read the contract three times, they signed away their right to privacy and the photos can be sold. The photos show his wife in very lewd positions and completely exposed. Some of the photos show she enjoyed her exposure.
Carl called Ken when the recorder answered he stated. "This is Carl call me." In a defeated voice.
Two minutes later the phone rang Carl looked at the number it was Ken. "Hi Ken, I thought you said that you wouldn't take any pictures of my wife's exam?"
"I wasn't going to, but you and your wife signed the agreement, so I thought you had a change of heart?" Ken snickered.
"Our minds didn't change my wife didn't want any photos, but you did it anyway." Carl stated angrily.
"Be that as it may, you did sign the contract and I want it adhered to or there will be consequences for your wife." Ken stated as he didn't know Carl was a multi-millionaire and he had awakened a sleeping bear.
Carl was inspired. It really didn't matter to
Carl if Bonny received her buyout. The only thing that mattered to Carl was she didn't have her good name smeared by Ken. He may be able to kill two birds with one stone so to speak. Carl wants to see his wife naked in front of other people again. They have enough money to live on and he wants to publicly discredit Doctor Ken, so he will not do this to other unsuspecting women.
Now comes the challenge; to convince his wife to go along with his idea to smear Doctor Ken publicly. Carl could see his wife's temper detonate when he tells her she will have to consent to another exam because there are photos of the first one. Her explosion will be aimed at him because he was the one that instigated her humiliation.
The rest of the day Carl ran scenarios on the best way to approach this conundrum. He called one of the best restaurants in the area and reserved a table in a private room. He did not want to have everyone look at them when Bonny had her atomic explosion.
It was five thirty when Bonny waltzed through the door in a good mood. She went to her husband and gave him a passionate kiss and grabbed his package. "Did you miss me today?" She asked the rhetorical question as she felt his member expand in his pants. "I guess you are glad to see me as your pecker wants to come out and play." She stated and kissed him again.
Carl's hands were not idle either he found the catch to her skirt zipped it down and pushed her panties to her feet. He stepped on them as they kissed, and Bonny stepped out of them. He picked her up and put her on the kitchen table. Bonny unbelted and unzipped her husband's pants as they made out, found his erect member, and helped herself to a pleasurable bounce on it.
"Unplanned encounters are the best!" Bonny thought as Carl pumped into her and she squeezed his pecker with her Kegel muscles.
"I love the feel of her silky channel on my pecker as I make love to my wife." He thought as he grunted from the exertion. "I hope she doesn't kill me when I tell her she will have to comply with Dr. Ken to keep the photos private." He lamented in thought.
"AHAHAHAHHHHHHHHHHH!" Bonny, screamed her orgasm, and this caused Carl to blast his baby makers into his wife. They held onto each other, or they would have fallen.
"We are going to "The Carriage House" for dinner tonight I didn't feel like cooking. Carl lied.
He doesn't have a poker face, so Bonny knew something was up. "That is not the whole truth Carl! We have been married too long and I know when you are fudging the truth."
To change the subject Carl said. "Why don't you wear the red button front dress and leave you undergarments off." They were still both nude and when he asked her to go commando there was a reaction at his waist. Carl got another erection!
"Well, I see you really want me to go commando from your reaction. I will appease you tonight." Bonny, said as she rationalized. "At least I will not be totally nude and spread in front of a group. I can do this for my husband!" She thought as she went to the master bath and took a shower. Carl hopped in with her and they washed each other's, back, front, sex equipment, and kissed passionately.
By this time Carl had such a large erection he didn't have enough skin left to close his eyes. His wife took pity on his condition, slid down to her knees, and gave him the best blow job he has had in a long time. Carl came so hard he fell back onto the wall of the shower and slid down to sit on the floor. Bonny followed him down as she still sucked on his member to try to get him hard again so they could play hide the salami, but he couldn't get it up in such a short time. He has gotten older you know!
The couple dried each other off and dressed for dinner. Carl wanted Bonny to leave three buttons undone at the top of her garment which would have exposed her breasts as she moved around and sat. They compromised, as they say that was what a good marriage was all about. Bonny left the top button undone and three at the bottom of the dress. She didn't realize when she sits her body will be exposed to her red bush.
They walked to the car arm in arm. Carl opened the door for his wife and was delighted to see her red bush and vaginal lips as she slid into the car. Carl could tell she was excited because her lips were swollen and her slit was moist, Dew was on her red pubic hair.
Bonny turned in her seat and conversed happily with her husband. She put a leg on the seat and the seat belt pulled her dress up to her navel. With her leg on the seat her pussy was open and her husband could view her moist lady lips. It was a good thing the car had dynamic cruise control, or he would have gone off the road. He admired her pussy as he drove. The view of her open pussy never bores him. He wished there were places he could bring her to have his wife spread out so many men can view her naked beauty.
"What do you think Carl?" Bonny asked as she looked down to see her womanhood exposed.
"I think you have an absolutely gorgeous pussy. I can't get enough of the view of you sex lips and you pussy feels good when it engulfs my pecker. I think they should make it a crime to have a woman as beautiful as you cover her vaginal area." Carl stated audibly his thoughts of a moment ago.
"My thoughts exactly!" Bonny said facetiously.
"You really think woman should expose their women bits?" Carl asked incredulously.
"No silly, I just wanted to know if you were listening." Bonny laughed. She remained exposed to her husband. Bonny delighted in the attention she received when she was in an exposed state.
The couple arrived at the restaurant and a valet opened the door for Bonny. Try as she might Bonny could not get out of the vehicle without a beaver show for the appreciative young man. Carl looked over at him and saw the smile on his face. He went to give the man a tip with the keys to the car. He took the keys but he refused the tip.
"That was the best sight I have ever seen." He whispered to Carl. As an afterthought. "I hope you're not mad at me." He asked.
"No, I am not mad young man. In fact, I think it should be illegal for a woman as lovely as my wife to cover her vaginal area. I love to have men look at my wife nude." Carl stated honestly and with a smile.
They young man smiled and handed Carl a business card. "Call me if you want someone to show off your wife to. I am very interested in seeing her nude and spread." The young man whispered to Carl.
The couple entered the dining establishment, gave their name to the hostess, and they were escorted to a private room. "Your server will be Steven." The hostess informed the couple.
"We have a private room. Do you want me to show off a little?" Bonny stated as she felt excited because of her state of dress. She felt nude in public, and she liked the feel of air on her private parts as she walked.
"It is up to you my dear, the last time I wanted you to do something it turned into a disaster." Carl told his wife and then thought. "And that was only the beginning. I am going to have to tell her about her second exposure before we leave here." This sent a shiver through him.
"What did the young man whisper to you Carl." Bonny asked with a smile as she unbuttoned two more buttons at the top of her dress.
"He wanted to know if I was upset that he saw your lady- bits. I told him it should be illegal for a woman to cover her vagina as it is so beautiful." Carl stated with conviction. "He also said if I have the inclination to show you off he was interested in being invited to the reveal." Carl continued.
"Oh, you did now do, you!" Bonny stated as she unbuttoned another button on the bottom of her dress. "I think you should come to this side of the table so we can see the server come into the room." Bonny stated excitedly. "That way he can see under the table, and he will be able to see my pussy." She thought as she subconsciously rubbed her pussy lips together with her fingers. "Oh, that feels good!" She gasped and then said to Carl. "Do you want me to put on a show for the valet?"
"If you want to show off, I can invite him over." Carl said with excitement.
"Let me think about it." Bonny answered and thought. "I wouldn't mind letting the Valet examine me at my home."
"I hope Bonny will let the young man examine her." Carl thought as moved to the other side of the table.
It was the first time his wife ever pleasured herself in front of him. In fact, he didn't think she ever played with her pussy. When the server entered the room, he could see Bonny as she rubbed her pussy. Her eyes were closed, and she didn't see him come in. Carl watched his wife, so he didn't see the server come in either.
"Excuse me do you want to order drinks now or do you want me to come back." Steve the server asked in embarrassment.
Bonny didn't stop the manipulation of her pussy as she answered. "No come in, I would like a glass of red wine."
"I will have a coke as I am driving." Carl stated but never took his eyes off his wife's open pussy.
"I will be right back with your beverages." Steve stated to the preoccupied couple.
By the time Steve came back with the drinks. Bonny had another orgasm. She was laid out her breast exposed, her pussy swollen and red. Carl had a painful hardon and the room smelled like excited female.
The young man has never seen a woman more blatantly exposed in this upscale dining establishment. "Do you know what you want to order, or should I shut and lock the door so you can have appetizers first." Steve asked with a laugh.
"We will have appetizers first." Bonny stated as she stood and hiked up the back of her dress after she bent over the table. Her breasts were out of her bodice and laid on the table.
Steve watched as Carl exposed his woman pleaser. He pulled Bonny's cheeks apart and aimed his weapon at her manhole. He pushed in with a grunt and that was when the amazed young man locked and shut the door. It was less than five minutes that both blasted off. Bonny to her third orgasm of the day and Carl his first at the restaurant. He put himself together and went to the door to open it. Bonny stayed exposed but sat down.
When Steve saw the door open, he went back into the private room. Carl and Bonny, looked at the menu. He was happy to see the mature woman did not cover her body as he could see her breasts from time to time as she looked at the menu. Her legs were spread, so he could see that her vagina was still open, a big glob of sperm from her opened lady lips was ready to fall on the floor between her legs. Her labia were swollen, and her pubic hair matted with the remanence of sex. As he walked closer to the couple, he could smell the sweet scent of consummated sex in the air.
"I can see you had your appetizer first are you ready to order now?" Steve asked with a smirk.
"Yes, we are." Bonny answered with a satisfied smile on her face.
While the couple places their order for a meal. I would be remiss if I didn't give a brief description of Carl. He was five foot ten, two hundred and five pounds. Carl has a light complexion and dark hair on the way to grey. He has gotten taller as he as he got older because he has grown through his hair. That is Italian for he has gotten bald! Now back to the story.
While they waited for their meal Bonny could see that Carl had something on his mind as he has a far away look in his eyes as if he were in the process of a decision. "Carl what is the matter. All of a sudden you look stressed. Is it something I can help you with? Didn't you like the sex we just had? I know I liked it; I am glad you got me out of my shell when you told me about the exam."
There was his opening. "I am glad you liked the exam because I received a call from Dr. Ken today. He wants you to have another exam on Saturday." Carl stated hesitantly.
"And why would I subject myself to that humiliation again at the hands of that quack!" Bonny asked as a question.
Carl didn't say anything he showed Bonny the photos that were sent to him on his phone.
Bonny looked at the photos. "Where did these photos come from?" She asked in horror.
"Dr. Ken took them, and he said you have another appointment at noon on Saturday or he will send them out to corporate headquarters and put them on the Med Fed website with the caption an older woman likes to be examined." Carl stated with remorse as he knows that Bonny will blow a gasket before this conversation is over.
"I specifically stated I would have the exam, but no photos will be taken. What part of that statement didn't the shithead understand?" Bonny asked with anger.
"We signed a contract that stated we were agreeable to have photos taken of the exam, which he conveniently forgot to explain and give us the contract immediately so we could read it again after we signed it. He said he thought we reconsidered when I asked him why the photo clause was in the contract. He was a liar!" Carl stated angrily.
"What are we going to do about it, this could ruin my goals I have set for myself!" Bonny stated in an angry panic.
"I will call our lawyer Mike Colfend he will know what the best route forward will be. Don't worry I got you into this mess I will get you out." Carl said with more confidence that he had about the situation.
The romantic night out evaporated after Carl showed Bonny the photos and explained the contract to her. They went home and watched TV.
The next morning after Bonny went to work Carl called Mike. "Colfend Law, Amanda speaking, how may I direct your call?" The happy female voice asked.
"This is Carl Sears, Amanda; may I talk with Mike Colfend?"
"Sure, one minute please." She gayly stated.
A few minutes later the call was answered. "Hi Carl, how are things going? How is the wife? She is a lovely industrious woman. You are a lucky guy." Mike stated to add to Carl's misery.
"Well, that is what I am calling you about. I did something that has really put her in a jamb." Carl stated with remorse.
He explained what has transpired, while Mike gave Ah, Oh My, and that son of a bitch, which punctuated Carl's tale of woo.
"What can I do to derail his debasement of my wife?" Carl asked miserably.
"Well, my friend you shouldn't have had the little head dictate to the big head. Now we are going to have a tough time to reverse this indiscretion on your part that has led to your poor wife paying for your fun. We need someone we can trust to go to join the Medical Fetish club and get documentation we can use to quell the situation and be Bonny's advocate." Mike stated.
"I don't know anyone who I can trust." Carl stated glumly.
"This may sound very weird, but how about one of your sons? Do any of the group members know your sons?" The lawyer asked.
"That is a weird suggestion." Carl said as he popped a boner. "I would advocate to show my wife to our sons. To have them see their mother nude and spread! Wow am I a pervert!" He thought. "I don't know I have to think about this and talk to my sons, see if one of them would to help."
"I really think that is the only option and for now your wife will have to go along with her debasement until we get the goods on those Bastards." The lawyer stated with compassion.
"Thanks for the information Mike, I will let you know what we decide."
"Good luck my friend." Mike stated morosely. "He worked so hard to build a business and one indiscretion has caused him grief." Mike thought as they hung up.
He got off the phone with the Lawyer and Carl called his financial person Gordon. When he answered Carl said. "Hi guy I need you to do something for me."
"What do you need Carl?"
"I want you to put four million in each of the four accounts I have for my wife and kids. Only leave Ten million in my account." Carl directed his financial planner with conviction.
"Why are you doing that?" Gordon asked.
"I will explain later, just do as I ask, please." Carl stated impatiently.
Okay I will email the paperwork for you to sign and get it done as soon as I get the signed document back." Gordon stated as he knew Carl was stressed for some reason.
With that done Carl called his good friend Louie who is in the security business he has done all the security work for his business and home. When Louie picked up Carl said. "How you are doing Lou?"
"Great Carl, What's up."
"I need the best P.I. money can buy. I have a special project for him. I will tell you about it later when I have the information I need." Carl stated mysteriously.
"The best P.I that I know is Harold Walton. He was a member of the Marine Recon Group. He got out after twenty years. I wouldn't want to get on the wrong side of that fellow." Lou stated with admiration.
After Lou gave Carl the P.I.'s number they said good-bye and hung up.
Carl dialed the number and got a recorded message. "This his Harold leave a message and I will get back to you."
It was late afternoon when Harold got back to Carl. He explained to the P.I. what Dr. Ken did.
After Carl finished with his tale of woo Harold asked. "Do you want me to make him disappear?"
"No-No Absolutely not! I just want you to get information on him, so he will stop the ruination of my wife."
"Okay when can we meet?" Harold asked.
"As soon as possible." Carl stated.
"I can meet you right now if you like. My office is downtown." Harold gave Carl the address which was very close to the Bradford block.
"I can be there in twenty minutes." Carl stated and they hung up.
Carl parked his car and found Harold's office. To his surprise Harold was a man about five foot eight and very ordinary in looks, but on the wall of his inner office was all the awards and commendations he received. They conversed and found a way forward, but Bonny will have to bend to Dr. Ken's will for a few weeks. Harold thought it was a good idea to have their son join the group as an advocate for Bonny. Carl gave Harold a ten-thousand-dollar retainer that nearly knocked the P.I. off his chair. He has never been given that much money by a client before he even started to work for them.
Carl called his youngest son who was still in college to tell him what was needed and to ask if he would want to help get his mother out of the trouble which Carl got her into.
"Sure, dad I can come home for the summer. I was going to work at the college as a tutor, but I can tell them I have a family emergency." Kevin said.
"One other thing son, you will see your mother nude and very exposed." Carl stated which caused Carl to get an erection.
"Oh, I didn't think of that!" There was dead air for a second, then a giggle. "She is a nice-looking woman I don't have a problem with that." Kevin stated with a smirk his father couldn't see over the phone.
"Okay, son now I have to talk to your mother." Carl stated in a stressed voice his son noted.
"Dad, I got faith in you. Mom will see it your way before your done." Kevin stated gayly.
Carl ran different scenarios in his mind. "Should I take her out or should I cook a romantic meal here that way when she blows up it won't be in a public place. Although maybe the neighbors will call the cops." He thought with a smile.
Bonny had a miserable day at work. Clarke came by her office and asked if she was alright. He wanted to know if all the tests that were done on her when she had her physical came out negative or will she have to go back this Saturday again for more tests. Clarke inquired with phony concern for her wellbeing.
When she arrived home, she relayed what happened at work with Clarke and asked. "Am I home free or will I have to comply with Ken's demands?" Bonny was horrified when she saw the look on her husband's face. She didn't need to have him answer her question it was written all over his face.
Over dinner Carl explained all he did that day.
"I have hired the best P.I that money can buy. You will have to do as Ken asked for no more than a month. We needed someone we could trust to get the goods on the group and find out what they have done to other unsuspecting women, so Kevin will join the group to be your advocate."
"You mean our son?" Bonny stated incredulously.
"Yes, but you can't let anyone know he is our son." Carl stated compassionately.
"Carl he is going to see everything I have that is humiliating to let strangers see me like that but my own son. When they do the speculum exam he will see my birth canal were he entered the world through. I hope when he looks at me will see his mother, not breasts and pussy!' Bonny confided in her husband. She was almost in tears.
It was a very bad Friday for Bonny. There were bright spots that she knew nothing about. Harold and Lou joined forces to get a video feed from the cameras in Suite two fifteen. Harold posed as a maintenance man and gained entrance to the suite. Sent information to Lou who blocked Dr. Ken's feed in a way that he could receive the feed but could not copy it. They would think it was being copied but it sent malware to the host computer instead after they gather all information needed the program destroy the computers hardware.
Carl called Ken left a message and he called back almost immediately. Gone was his compassionate bedside manner and he now set demands on the couple. "Carl you will bring your wife to the Bradford block at noon. Have her wear a dress only no undergarments. Do you have any questions?"
"No, I understand." Carl stated as he figured Dr. Ken will let him stay while Bonny was examined as he did last time.
Bonny came home in a horrible mood. Clarke insinuated all day that she needed another exam she didn't look good.
Carl cooked a meal. He had extra because Kevin came in about three in the afternoon, so he could be here to be briefed. Nothing was said that Kevin will see his mother naked. He got on the website to attend the exam on Saturday of a mature woman. He had to pay two hundred dollars, so Dr. Ken makes money when he gets a woman to be examined. The payment was documented and sent to the P.I. and lawyer.
Saturday morning Bonny was a nervous wreck. She took a shower and put on a dress her only cover. Bonny was too upset to eat as she thought about the humiliation to come. Before she knew it Carl and her, had to leave for the Bradford block. The couple arrived at five to twelve, Carl escorted his wife to the second floor. They were met by Dr. Ken in the concourse.
Without any greeting Ken commanded. "Bonny, take off the dress you will not need that until we are finished. Carl, take this with you I will call you when I am finished with your wife's exam." Ken tossed the dress to Carl.
"Wait a minute I want to be with my wife when she is examined." Carl demanded.
"No can do, Carl." Ken replied with a nasty smile.
Carl turned on his heel a beaten man and went to his car.
Kevin left later and he just arrived as he father was ready to leave. They didn't show any signs of recognition as they passed each other.
Bonny was beside herself she was naked in the second-floor hall. Ken would not let her go to the exam room and there were people who did a double take as they walked by the hapless woman. To make matters worse Kevin came up the stairs to the view of his naked mother exposed in a public hall.
"Hi, I am Kevin I am here to take part in the play exam." He stated.
"Ah yes the new intern. Nice to meet you I am Dr. Ken. I am waiting for the rest of my staff to get here, and we will go into the exam area at that time."
"Don't you think you should let the lady go into the exam area and out of the hall?" Kevin stated as he could see how embarrassed his mother was.
"Tell the young man your husband wants you to be nude in front of other men. You like to be naked so your husband can get an erection, that way he can fuck you. Tell Kevin how you feel when you are nude in front of the group. I know your husband likes to have men see you spread and have men put their fingers in your pussy. Isn't that right Bonny?" Ken belittled Bonny.
"Yes that is right Dr. Ken." Bonny agreed with tears in her eyes.
Kevin wanted to beat Ken to a pulp, but he knew better. They needed to get all their ducks in a row and Ken will get his due.
Bonny tried to make the best of it. She conversed with her son made small talk as if they were strangers. She had her back to the stair.
"Hi Bonny, I see you took my advice to get an exam. You didn't look too good yesterday. And I brought someone with me to help with your exam. You know Darren?" Clarke stated as he walked up in back of Bonny. She turned around and almost passed out with terror.
"What are you doing here Clarke!" Bonny screamed in a panic she fell to her knees.
Kevin panicked. "Bonny let me help you up. Dr. Ken we need to get Bonny into the exam room!"
"Yes, Kevin you are a very good intern. I think we should bring her in to examine her." Ken stated almost with a smile.
Kevin grabbed his mother under her arms, Clarke and Darren each grabbed one of the crying woman's legs. They spread her legs wide to expose her pussy to anyone in the halls. She tried to keep her modesty with her arms across her breasts, but the men were to strong. She couldn't close her legs. The group brought her into the exam room put her on the exam table and helped her put her feet in the stirrups. Clarke spread her out, took his phone and took pictures of his spread-out boss. He made sure her face were in the photos
Ken stated. "We will forego the Eye, ear and nose exam we will start with the pelvic exam and breast exam.
"I want you to call my husband and I want to leave." Bonny cried.
"I think you should let the lady leave. This is not fun for me, if the lady if does not want to cooperate." Kevin stated.
"Bonny, tell them you like to be examined, and why." Ken prodded the older woman.
"Yes, Bonny, tell us how we are worried about you and that you need an exam." Clarke stated.
"The group I oversee are worried about me and they want to examine me, and my husband wants me to expose myself to as many different men as I can." Bonny sniffed between tears.
"See Kevin she wants to be examined and I think you should follow my lead." Dr. Ken stated to make sure Kevin didn't start any trouble. He wants his new intern to be hands deep in Bonny's pussy.
"We will start with the breast exam. Kevin, you work on her right breast I will show you what to do on her left breast." Dr. Ken instructed.
Kevin mimicked what Dr. Ken did. He did circles on the breast with three fingers of each hand he went in circles to feel for any lumps. Bonny's son got a lump in his pants by the time he was finished with the breast exam. Clarke and Darren followed Kevin with the same results expansion of the crotch area.
"Now we will do the bimanual internal exam." Ken stated as he put his middle finger in the hapless woman's pussy and pushed down with the other hand on her stomach. "When you do this, you can feel the woman's ovaries." Ken explained and then said. "Your turn Kevin."
Kevin stood between his mother's legs. He put his finger in her birth canal the one he was brought into this world from. Kevin was in awe of the naked beauty of his mother. When he pushed down and felt her ovaries with the finger in her pussy. "Thank you, Bonny." Kevin said with reverence.
Bonny gave Kevin a smile as the next person in line Clarke gave her the bimanual exam and then Darren.
"I hope to see more of you at work Bonny." Clarke said as he inserted his middle finger in the older woman's pussy and performed the exam that embarrasses most women.
"We will insert the speculum to open the birth canal for inspection." Dr. Ken stated as he inserted the instrument to open up her vagina. "Come here take a look you can see her cervix." Dr. Ken said to all present.
All the secrets of the woman's body were, on display for the group. Bonny was humiliated because she has become excited, her nipples were erect, and her pussy was a swamp. She wonders what her son thinks of her presently and will he be able to look at her without seeing a pussy.
"The last part of the exam is the sexual stimulation." Dr. Ken said as he put his fingers together on one hand and forced it into her box while he rubbed her clit with the other. "A man was on each side of Bonny and rubbed, her breasts. Kevin, you take over for me." Dr Ken stated.
Kevin reluctantly put is fingers together on one hand and used the other to rub his mothers clit. He pushed his hand into his mother almost to his knuckles.
"Hohoho------------------." Bonny moaned as her son pushed his hand in her past his knuckles.
"I am not hurting you M-Bonny." Kevin asked with concern.
"No push in more I am almost there." Bonny cried as she pushed her pussy up to meet her son's hand. "Rub my clit faster." Bonny moaned. "I'm Cuumminnggg!" Bonny screamed.
The group let the comatose woman rest. While they, Kevin included discussed Bonny's exam.
The group stood between Bonny's spread legs; Kevin included. "Thank you that was a great orgasm." Bonny stated breathlessly.
"Are you ready for another?" Dr. Ken asked.
"Yes, I think so." Bonny stated to her son's surprise.
Kevin was directed to a breast along with Darren, Clarke strummed her clit and buried his hand in her pussy by the time his was done he had his whole hand in her. She clamped down on his hand with her Kegel muscles and he had to wait for her orgasmic spasm to be over. His hand was a captive of her pussy.
After she came down from her orgasmic high, she started to cry. "What did I do, what, did I do. I worked so hard and never used sex to get ahead and in my last years of work I am reduced to being holes these guys use for their pleasure." The woman cried uncontrollably while totally exposed to the group.
She laid there exposed for twenty minutes and sobbed. Dr. Ken was worried that he went too far. Kevin was miserable to see his mother this distraught. Clarke was happy. He figured he had a hook in Bonny he could use to get ahead, and Darren was concerned for his job.
Ken waited for Bonny to compose herself before he called Carl. It was about twenty minutes after the call that Carl arrived. They had Bonny in the hall, and he helped her dress. She was very distraught, and Carl was very sad he insisted his wife get a play exam.
"I am so sorry I wanted you to get naked in front of other people for me Bonny." Carl apologized profusely.
"Don't worry about it Carl. I had a fantasy come true also." Bonny stated.
"What was that, Bonny?" Carl asked in a quandary.
"To let my kids see me naked and play with my pussy." Bonny giggled. "I hope you got that act of mine on tape it was Academy award acting. Call Harold and find out if my act is on tape." Bonny continued.
Well, they did get everything on tape, but Harold wants to get everyone who was involved in the humiliation of Bonny fired at the very least. "Bonny, you need to be patient and we will nail them."
Kevin came in the door and slinked to his room afraid of what his parents will say.
Bonny saw her son as he tried to retreat to his room. "Kevin, get over here this minute."
He ran into the room terrified. "I am sorry mom, but if I refused to do what they asked I think they would have gotten suspicious."
"Yes, I know dear. Come here so I can hug you after what you did for me." Bonny stated and rubbed her unfettered breasts against her youngest son. "Carl, I want to talk to my son alone if you don't mind, could you cook up something for dinner for us. I am famished as I haven't eaten today, I was so nervous. Come with me Kevin we can talk while I shower."
"Mom you want me to come into the bathroom while you shower?" Kevin asked shocked.
"Kevin, you had your hand in me almost to my cervix less than two hours ago and now you're embarrassed to see you mother naked. Come on grow up. I had fun. Didn't you?" Bonny said as she removed her dress and grabbed her son's hand to follow her into the bathroom.
"What a beautiful figure my mother has." Kevin thought as he followed behind the naked woman to the bathroom.
Bonny got into the shower turned on the water. "Kevin, I need your help. Dad wants to show me off and you saw what a disaster that was. I want to do this for your dad, but I have to find another way do you have any Ideas?" Bonny questioned her son.
"You caught me by surprise. I don't know what to say." Kevin stated puzzled at his mother's request to expose her body to other men for dad's enjoyment.
"Don't you think my body is good enough to show other men?" Bonny stated with concern.
"No mom it isn't that you are beautiful. Why would you want to humiliate yourself in front of other men for Dad?" Kevin questioned.
"Do you think I humiliated myself in front of you guys today. I had control of the room. Tell me the truth you couldn't wait to stick your fingers in my pussy and play with my breasts. I bet you have not gone with a woman to date that would let you do that to them." Bonny challenged.
"You're right mom, but you enjoyed that?" Kevin asked with reservations.
"I would like to do that again on my terms and knowing that I wouldn't be blackmailed for doing it for your father." Bonny clarified.
"So, you will let me examine you again in front of dad." Kevin asked with excitement.
"In fact, I would let your brothers and anyone that is trustworthy examine me because your father likes this sort of play. Go to the spare room look in there." Bonny stated.
Kevin left the bathroom and went to the bonus room to find a rudimentary exam room set up. To his astonishment and delight.
He walked back into the bathroom to find his mother as she stepped out of the tub, she wiped off one leg at a time with her foot on the top of the tub. Thus, she showed her pussy to her son.
As Kevin looked at his mother's pussy he asked. "So, I can examine you anytime I want as long as it is in front of my father?" Kevin verified.
"That is correct and if your brothers or your friends what to examine me in front of your father they can also." Bonny stated still nude and without any urgency to get dressed.
"What if some of my friends what to watch?" Kevin asked as clarification.
"As long as they are respectful, and they don't spread around town that I like to be examined. I think they will have to sign a non-disclosure document that would be best." Bonny contemplated.
"Kevin, help me pick out something dad would want me to wear tonight." His mother asked as she opened her lingerie drawer.
Kevin looked through all her negligees' and found a white see-through number that came to her thighs with a set of panties he went for broke and stated. "I think this would look nice on you."
To his surprise his mother stated. "I think you're right, but the panties have to go." She added with a giggle.
"You're going to wear that outside on the patio?" Kevin asked. "I was kidding! To see what you would say." Said Kevin astonished.
"Well, I am not kidding." Bonny answered as she put on the almost invisible intimate garment.
You could see her body like it was in a haze she looked beautiful, when his mother sat down in the back patio, the intimate garment was above her pussy to show her flame red pubic hair, and she consciously sat with her legs open comfortably for her men's enjoyment. The backyard is private, but from the second floor of the homes of the neighbors Bonny could be seen. This did not dissuade her from her pussy show for the men.
"I would have never left home if I knew it could be this much fun." Kevin mused.
The weekend went by fast. The Sears had a lot of work to do to get the culprit Ken.
Meanwhile when Harold found out about Clarke. He called Lou and they joined forces to put cameras in every room of the offices, halls, and conference rooms of the suite occupied by Bonny's organization. By Monday morning everything was ready to go. They contacted the Sears and told Bonny if she didn't want something on tape, she better not say it or do it in the office.
Monday morning Bonny arrived early per usual and found Clarke already there.
"What are you doing here so early again trying to brown nose the boss?" She asked but knew why he was there.
"No, I think you should be more visible to the managers, so I think you should preside over the meeting nude from now on or the whole area will know about you and your husband's perverted proclivities." Clarke stated with a smirk.
"Are you blackmailing me to do something I have no interest in doing? You better think twice about what you're doing as there is no going back." Bonny stated in mock horror. "If I get naked, do I get all the photos back." Bonny stated resigned to the fact the managers in her department will see their boss naked.
"Yes I want you to get naked. I will take my chances Bonny. You should get naked now so you will become used to your exposure. That way you will run a successful meeting." Clarke stated triumphantly.
Bonny dutifully went to her office and stripped out of her clothes. Clarke was beside himself with joy. He thinks he will take Bonny down and become a VP of the company. "I will bring this episode to the attention of corporate." Clarke thought with a smile.
At nine am Bonny walked to the Monday morning meeting head held high, naked as the day she was born. To the surprise of her staff. She presided over the meeting as if she were fully dressed. What was not known was the Chairmen of the board was informed about Bonny's problem with Clarke. It was quarter to ten when he arrived at the office and went into the conference room. Bonny and the managers were in shock the Chairman of the board was at their office.
He looked very upset. "Bonny I am sorry this happened to you. But I think you're going to have to find a new group of managers because all here are fired. I will not tolerate the abuse of any of my staff. I hope you guys like to work at Walmart or Amazon because that is the only place you will get a job. When I am finished with you. Now get out of here before I call the cops and press charges." The Chairman explained in a roar.
"Let me explain Mr. Chamberland." The nude woman told her boss.
"I know the whole story now get dressed and we can talk about replacements for your group. You did a very good job for this organization and the men here were jealous of your rise in the company. They thought it was because you were a woman, but actually it was in spite of that. You sure you don't want to get dressed?" The Chairman asked for a second time, but was delighted Bonny was naked.
"No, I am fine let's go to my office and I will eventually get dressed if it is alright with you?" Bonny asked the Chairman. She could see he enjoyed her exposure, and she was fine with it also as it excited her to see men admire her body.
"IF you don't mind being naked, who am I to object. You are not only smart but a beautiful woman Bonny."
"Why thank you kind sir." Bonny said as they continued to her office.
Bonny did not get dressed she sat on the end of her desk, and this caused her to spread her legs. The Chairman was in the visitor's seat as they discussed a way forward. He did not make eye contact with his VP he talked to her breasts and pussy.
"You have made me a very happy woman Sir. By the way you look at my exposed body. I am glad you not only think of me only as a brainiac, but a sexy woman also. Thank you for that." Bonny said with emotion.
The Chairman who was Seventy years old looked embarrassed as he asked hesitantly. "Would you and your husband consider allowing me the pleasure of letting me examine you?"
"I don't see why not if my son can examine me there is no reason not to let you examine me. As long as you perform the exam in front of my husband and son." Bonny stated.
All rights reserved 2021-2031