Hello. I'm Magsie
What shall I wear?
A white cotton bomber jacket
A chiffon mini skirt with 4 front buttons, from which I've removed the lining
A silk micro mini slip split up the side with a gap of 2-3" from the waistband down, tied with a matching ribbon bow
Suede knee boots
Walking the streets on a warm Spring night. Strolling in and out of the roadlight shadows. Just enjoying going nowhere through the leafy, deserted suburban streets with the sparse evening traffic passing by.
Lower the zip on the jacket
Feel the breeze on my pert naked boobies
Shiver as my puffy nipples tighten and get all stalky
Brush against the overhanging leaves of a damp hedge
Oh gosh the wetness on my cleavage, trickling down my boobs
Cars go past in both directions, are they looking, can they see me?
This feels so naughty and risky.
I'm getting so excited. I've got goose bumps all over.
Feel the sensuous material of the silk slip brushing my naked thighs.
Twist the slip so the gap is in front and undo the bottom two buttons on my skirt.
The breeze teases my moist, shaved pussy, now so sensitive and swollen with desire. I want to touch it, do I dare? Waves of anticipated pleasure are washing all over me.
My fingertips graze my thighs as I walk, hips swaying, my clitty throbbing and aching like my nipples, demanding to be rubbed, squeezed and gently pulled. I get so horny at the thought that people could be watching me being so brazen. I think my b/f does too. I'd love to be in the spotlight on a stage, arousing myself for an audience I cannot see. Making love to myself, perhaps being interviewed about my fantasies in a live TV studio, leaning back against my b/f on a couch as his arms encircle me, displaying me openly for the cameras and the guests. Or, like now, making a video. Making a video eh?
Lower the jacket zip right down - I want to show myself off more. I've always had such strong fantasies about being watched as I lose my clothes and my desires are now taking over. Even as a little girl - teasing all the boys. I'm addicted to this orgasmic feeling of being naked in public. The risk, the fear, the excitement, the pure unadulterated lust, all drive me to heights of wantonness that no missionary is likely to have ever experienced!
Knowing that you are there somewhere in the shadows with your video camera makes me warm inside. Thinking that we'll watch the results together later, tempts me to be even more daring. Your sexy lady is losing all her inhibitions. I love doing this so much for you. You understand just what I need and how to make it real.
What's this? It's a gentle warm drizzle - making my skin feel all slippery and shiny. Oh God I've got to open my jacket completely - it's such a gorgeous buzz.
Is that you in the gateway of the house just up there? Let me undo my skirt and drop it by you as I pass. I'll have to twist the slip back to cover my pussy a bit. The ends of its little ribbon tie are tickling me in a very naughty place.
Let the jacket slide off my shoulder, the rain caressing my nakedness. Oh, there's a car coming from behind I'll have to pull the jacket up as it passes - not closed though.
The slip is sticking to my thigh on one side and exposing the other one completely. I expect it's gone virtually transparent with the rain. My hand rests in the gap, my finger tips gently brushing my skin. I'm tingling all over with frantic desire. My pussy feels so swollen, let me check, oh-my-god my clitty is poking right out and it's drenched. Don't touch, let it wait, driving me wild. Squeeze it with my thighs. It's throbbing so much. Here's the skirt for you, horny boy.
Reach our parked car and walk on ever so slowly, I can't stop yet. You get in and drive by to go on ahead again and I ignore you as I half flash and masturbate to the passing traffic. I've never been this daring before. Slide the gap in the slip a bit more to the front. Glance down and see that my hand can touch my mound without being totally hidden. Massage my breast as another car catches up and passes me. If I loosen the ribbon tie, the slip will sit so low on my hips. Do I dare take my arms out of the jacket and let it just rest over my shoulders. Oh yes, I feel so exposed. I need to come. I've needed to come for ages. The anticipation and the slow melting of my resistance are making me do things I've only dreamt of before. I imagine your big sizzling sausage and what I'm going to do to it, for allowing me out like this. I want to be taken and fucked. I'm so, so wet and ready for you to do whatever you want. Let the jacket rest on just one shoulder. There's no traffic at the moment. I'm touching my love lips now as I walk. The tops of my thighs are soaked with girl-cum. Imagine your fingers on mine helping me to explore my wetness, building up the climax so slowly and surely. Let the jacket trail at my side as my free hand flicks back and forth across my protruding clit. Stop and have a first orgasm that shakes me from tip to toe. I can't wait any more.
There's a lowish hedge along the kerb now. Walk, letting the drizzle soak my naked top. Can the cars catch glimpses of me? Pause in a gap, legs apart with two fingers busy. Raise my hand to my mouth to taste my juices as another car drives past my semi hiding place.
Will my legs get me to the safety of our car and your loving embrace. Yes, I make it just as quite a lot of traffic starts to pass in both directions again and a couple stroll along on the other side of the road. Have thay been watching me? I don't care, it just arouses me even more.
Kiss me, let me taste you, lick my fingers, take me, I need you now, so very, very much. Oh please - that was the sexiest thing I've ever done in public with you. Make me come as I lie across your lap with my legs still out of the open door. Wank my clit. It's so swollen you could pretend it's a tiny cock. I'm commmming. I can hear your hand squelching in my wetness, coming again and more don't stop I've never cum so hard or squirted like this ever before, God my orgasms are out of control crashing in on top of one another to a mind blowing crescendo. Oooh that was gorgeous.
Take me home now. Please let me hold you and kiss you as you drive.