Billy slinked out of the booth and stood next to the table. He slipped his phone into the front pocket of his athletic pants. I could see the outline of his cock through the pants. He was hard. Not as hard as I had seen him get before. Just enough to let me know he enjoyed my little show. He smiled seductively, then gave me a quick wink before covering his eyes with a pair of dark aviators.
I didn't see where he pulled the sunglasses from. I must have been hypnotized by his dick. I watched him leave, contemplating how long I should wait to go after him. What was an adequate amount of time to wait that wouldn't make me come off like a thirsty whore?
Fuck it. If the shoe fits....
I was about to get up when I remembered Thomas. Shit. I forgot about him again. Speaking of, where did he go? I looked around the coffee shop. I didn't see him anywhere. Maybe he went to the bathroom.
Every fiber of my being wanted to bail without telling him. Things were already awkward enough between us. Fortunately, a tiny part of my brain was still thinking rationally and reminded me that I had to work with this guy and see him every day. Also, I may be a thirsty, but I wasn't a bitch.
So, I waited, getting more and more antsy by the second. I was dying to know why Billy wanted to meet me outside. A hundred naughty scenarios played out in my mind, each one better than the last. God, the anticipation was killing me.
After what felt like an eternity, but was probably only a few minutes, I saw Thomas making his way back to the table. I had no idea what I was going to say to him. I felt a pang of guilt. I hadn't intended for things to go this way. The guilt grew when Thomas made no effort to sit back down at the table.
"I have to go," he said, still avoiding direct eye contact. He didn't offer an explanation why, and I didn't really deserve one.
I nodded my head. "Oh, okay."
Thomas turned to leave and "I'm sorry," came rushing out of my mouth.
He turned back to me, a startled look on his face. "For what?" he asked.
I shrugged my shoulders. "I'm just...sorry."
"See ya," he said, and left for real this time.
Once again, I was left to play the waiting game, wondering now how long it would take for Thomas to get some distance between us. Was a minute long enough? I made my way to the door, putting on my own sunglasses as I walked outside.
I looked up and down the sidewalk. There was no sign of either Thomas or Billy. Where did Billy go? Better question, which way did he go? Something told me to go right, so I did. I walked briskly, scanning the environment.
I reached the street corner, which meant I had a dozen different paths to choose from. I suddenly felt like I was playing hide-and-seek. I sighed, starting to feel deflated. I was about to cross the street when someone grabbed my arm and pulled me against their body into a kiss. It happened so fast I didn't have time to react.
As soon as their lips touched mine, I knew it was Billy. I slid my arms around his neck and relaxed against his muscled frame. He kissed me like he did that night in the bathroom; passionately. Except this time, he seemed more aggressive, hungrier, like he was trying to drink me down.
Fuck, he was a good kisser. I could feel that shit all the way down to my toes.
Both of his hands went to my ass and squeezed, pulling me even closer to his body and kind of up on my tiptoes. I moaned as I felt his cock pressed against me, harder than a diamond. One of his hands started to travel from my ass to under my skirt.
I wasn't going to stop him, until I remembered that we were standing outside, in the middle of the sidewalk, with quite a few people around. Apparently, Thomas wasn't the only person Billy could make me forget about.
I stopped his hand as it reached my hem, pulling back reluctantly from his lips. He kept his arms around my waist, not letting me stray too far.
He drew his eyebrows together. "What?" he asked.
"If we don't stop, we're going to end up fucking right here," I answered.
He smiled playfully. "And?"
His smile was so contagious. You couldn't help but smile back at him.
"And I'm pretty sure that is illegal," I said.
"Only if you get caught," he countered.
I studied him closely. I was half joking when I asked, "Are you an exhibitionist?"
He shrugged his broad shoulders. "Maybe."
I figured he was teasing me like I did to him at the coffee shop. Plus, he had this air of amusement around him, like he was fucking with me. A moment of silence passed as we stared at each other, both smiling.
"Do you want to go somewhere more private?" he asked, breaking the silence.
"Yes, please."
He took a step back, his arms falling away from my waist. He held his hand out to me. "Okay. Let's go."
I placed my hand in his, letting him lead the way. I fell in step next to him, though I had to double-step to do it. I was giddy at the idea of being alone with him away from prying eyes. I could take my time with him. Enjoy every part of his body, especially the parts that got neglected in that bathroom stall.
After a block or so of powerwalking to keep up with him, I finally asked, "Where are we going?"
"To this traphouse around the corner," he said, dryly.
I slowed my pace, not sure if he was kidding.
He laughed deep in his chest, tugging me along. "That was a joke, Jade," he said through the laughter. "My apartment is a block and a half away."
I felt my cheeks flush red. "Well, I don't really know you. I don't know all the things that get you off," I joked.
He looked at me, his smile flirty. "You're about to find out."
Butterflies flitted around in my stomach at the thought. Fuck, I couldn't wait to find out.
We reached his building and he let go of my hand to let us in. He held the door open for me. I walked into the lobby, moving my sunglasses to the top of my head so my eyes could adjust to the inside light. Billy removed his aviators and hung them on the front of his shirt. We walked side-by-side to the elevator.
"You're not worried about bringing a stranger to your apartment?" I asked, as he pressed the up button. "What if I go pyscho on you?"
He laughed his sly laugh, looking me up and down. "I think I can handle you."
I gave him a devilish grin. "Don't be so sure."
The elevator doors dinged open, and a guy walked out. Billy made eye contact, nodding his head at him. Then we both stepped into the empty elevator. I waited to the side while he pressed the number of his floor. The doors were barely closed before our bodies became magnetized, instantly drawn back to each other.
We resumed the position we had going outside, his hands on my ass, my arms around his neck. Going from 0 to 100 real quick, equally kissing with that hungry aggression, like we were trying to crawl inside each other's mouth. He walked me backwards until my back hit the wall.
I ran my hand down his chest to his waistband, slipping my hand down his pants. He was wearing boxers today. I didn't let that slow me down, and quickly slipped my hand down them as well. I wrapped my hand around his oh so erect cock and his breath came out in a sigh. I stroked my hand up and down his smooth shaft.
He pulled back from the kiss just enough to whisper, "Fuck" against my lips.
I took the chance to do something I'd been dying to do since the first moment I saw him. I bit his pillowy bottom lip, then sucked it into my mouth before pulling back slowly.
"Hmmm," he growled, looking deep into my eyes. "Such a dirty little whore."
Under any other circumstance with any other person, that line would not ring well in my ears. When Billy said it, it did things to me. Gave me thoughts I'd never had before.
"I want you so fucking bad," I whispered.
As if on que, the elevator doors opened.
Billy ran his tongue over his bottom lip. "Then let's not keep you waiting, doll."
To be continued...