I've been on a million dates with friends, strangers, blind dates, set ups, meet ups, online, etc. You name it, I've tried. I like the anonymity of it all. I don't want to be viewed as a slut or loose or whatever. I'm struggling with my empowered bad bitch beyonce side because I should be allowed to feel sex positive and independent to do what I want and who I want, but in all honesty I just don't. I don't want it getting back to my friends. I want to explore my sexual side. I just don't want anyone to judge so I resort to online dating.
I put up just one picture and nothing in the bio. I swipe right on all the cute guys and I don't really care if they have a bio or not. What I care most about is proximity. I want a guy who is from far away so the chances that he knows the same people as I do are lower.
After a few minutes I get a few matches and I copy and paste a message. Carefully crafted to let them know I'm fun, but not easy.
This one guy immediately responds and seems nice. We trade stories, movie quotes, insecurities and music recommendations. He seems like he's not going to skin me alive and wear me as a coat so I coyly let him know I'm bored. He picks up the hint and automatically tries to entertain me. As he comes over we continue to text. I show him a picture of me clothed but a little risky. I try the double hidden messages to see if he'll take the bait and start being sexual. He slowly does.
He's an average height average looking guy... maybe on his best day. We text some fun flirty things about what we want to do to each other and we share pictures etc. He's got a decent size dick and I show him I'm already wet for him. I've been with enough guys where I know that he's not faking it or catfishing me almost as soon as we started talking. He was really relaxed about all this and it didn't seem like his first time meeting a girl online either. I was starting to get comfortable with how comfortable he was. I guess this was my first mistake.
He arrived and I let him in the front door. He takes his shoes and jacket off. I realize he's got a good build and seems like a confident guy. We go to my room and I have some music playing. We talk a little and share some more personal stories. He's nice enough and gives me a laugh to let me know he's listening. I tell him some personal shit that I don't really share because this seems to be really comfortable and he seems so nice. I excuse myself to go to the bathroom and when I came back he was standing, looking at pictures on my wall. He turned around and initiated toward the bed and sat down. I guess it would be weird if I didn't sit as well so I maneuvered a pillow between us and used that as a barrier of protection.
He was pretty smooth the way he leaned and down played my barrier. He stroked my face and made his move. He grabbed my hand and pulled it towards his crotch. I told him no that I didn't want to touch his dick, and yet he kept staring at me in the eyes. He said in a serious voice that I won't touch his dick, he was going to show me something else. He kept gliding my hand towards his crotch. He didn't give up. and this is when I knew I was in trouble. I knew he had control over me and he was more assertive and aggressive than I originally analyzed.
He rested my hand on his belt and said: "this is a belt and this is how it works" as he slowly used my fingers to pull at it. "Take it off so I'm more comfortable" he said daring me challenging me to be a good host. He stopped guiding me and my body just took over, it kept pulling at his belt, picking right up where he left off. I could see his bulge and he could see my curiosity. He knew he had me.
We kissed slowly and he held my face but also pulled my body closer. He was so gentle and yet so firm at the same time. I didn't know how to react so I just melted and let him take me and use my body. He could feel he was winning so he stood up, pushed my down and pulled me closer to the edge of the bed. He pulled my pants down but left my panties. It had a wet spot on it that he remarked about. I was embarrassed and ashamed. How did this happen so fast? He pulled my shirt up over my head and used his forearms to cup my head when he did. He cradled me, grazing me with his lips as he whispered in my ear. "What do you think we're about to do?" I just shook my head like I didn't know, but I knew. He knew. He knew that I knew. I felt his hands wrap around my throat and gently close in on a grip. He said again, this time in a slightly louder tone, "Tell me what are we about to do."
I swallowed and big gulp that I swear you could hear from outside the room as the silence added to the tension. I hated myself for being in this position, but this is what I wanted. I wondered where did the nice guy go? was it an act?
I asked: "You're going to fuck me?"
He replied: "good" like his approval was what I was looking for and that I got the correct answer on a test.
I pushed my hand against his chest to let him know that I wasn't okay with him demeaning me and treating me like his little cute, earnest girl, when he said a condescending "good," but he was strong.
His fingers were rubbing my panties and he was smirking. I hated that he was smirking. He knew he could control me and had a horny impact on my body. I felt powerful knowing he was about to take my pussy... which was different from the vibe I got when he first entered my room. I thought we were going to fuck each other. I thought I was going to give him or share with him my body. But I guess he had other darker plans.
Before I could say anything else he slid my panties to the side. He had his pants off. No slowing him down, with the help from my own stupid hands in taking his belt off. I could feel his breathing on me and I knew I should speak up.
"Wait! Just, can you hold on a second?"
"What's wrong?"
"I'm not ready." I eeked out.
He smiled, wiped his hand on my pussy and put it to my face while saying: "look how wet you are. You know you're ready."
I didn't have an argument as him curled his fingers in me again and again. He would thrust them in and out, up and down, and I swear even a little sideways. He was stretching me out when I felt the first gush. It was slowly building and I couldn't hold it back any longer, it just sort of happened. I came.
He looked at me and smiled. Knowing that he won. Whatever happened from here on out, he was in control. He slowly leaned over me. I tried to cover my face and look to the side, but the took his wet hand and brushed mine away. I was embarrassed at how wet my hand was from him just grabbing my hand. I could hear it making wet contact. Now he had one hand pinned above my head and the other to the side. I felt and saw and smelled how wet I was. He looked me dead in the eye and said that I was going to ask for it.
Seriously! Why? I'm clearly his already. Why did he have to assert this over me and make me verbally say it.
This went back and forth for a few minutes as his dick just dangled between my legs. Occasionally brushing up against my pussy. It drove me nuts so I just gave in... again. I said I wanted him to pound me.
He smiled that stupid little smile of his and then grabbed my hips. I can't tell if he slid into me or if I slid on to him, but he was inside me. He finished inside me and then bee lined for the bathroom. He was naked and my roommate told me later on that she caught a glimpse of him walking down the hall slowly. His dick dangling and dripping.
When he came back, he had his clothes on and asked for a ride home. I wanted to say no, but I just nodded and grabbed my keys. I was still a little quivering weak mess in my legs so I grabbed his arms as we walked out. He recapped: "you let me pound you then give him a ride home? you must really enjoy my cock huh?"
I was trying to process. He wasn't wrong, why was I helping him? Smug bastard.
I didn't give him the satisfaction of replying, but he knew and I knew. We just drove in silence for a while. I forgot that he lived far and started to regret it, because I wish he was able to come over again quickly.
My thoughts were answered as he instructed me: "Pull over."
"Here?" I asked
he just looked at me and I started pulling over at a gas station. It was late and dark and this is what horror films are made of. I wasn't scared. I felt safe with him, but also anxious because I didn't know what was going to happen next.
He grabbed the back of my head and pulled my hair while reaching for my pussy. I was letting him finger me at a gas station... classy.
We ended up in the backseat. Me on my back getting finger fucked and pounded and just pushed down into the cushions. I squirted, I think. My whole car was steaming and full of smells. Sex smells.
In the craziness he pulled me out of the car and told me to bend over. I looked around for witnesses and was relieved there was no one. I bent over and realized my wet panties were laying right there on the dashboard. He spanked me and then told me to ask for. "Ask for what?" thinking he was going to publicly fuck me. He said: "I could tell I'm you're a slut. You let me over quick, you didn't stop me when I did dirty shit to you, you got wet for a stranger and you don't even know my name. You filthy slut, you get wet and need dick. Don't you?"
I was trying to process when he spanked me again. He said in a louder more serious and intimidating voice: "Now ask for it."
I complied because I wanted this to be over with. I wanted to get back in my car and drive home as quickly as I can. I didn't want anyone to drive by. What if there were cameras?"
I just said: "Okay, yes. Please. I want it"
He spread my cheeks and I braced myself. Except I didn't feel anything in my pussy. I felt him insert a finger in my ass.
I was wholly not prepared for that.
He fingered my with my own juices for what felt like an eternity. When I turned around to face him, he had that same smirk on. I pulled away. Got back in my car pantyless and he followed. He sat in silence as I drove him the rest of the way him.
When we got there he told me that he owns my ass and could get me to do anything he wanted. I wanted to challenge him back, but I just kept silent.
My last mistake of the night was to delete his number when I got him. I've had cravings and wanted to talk to him again, but totally lost contact with him. It's not probably for him to remember or call me out of the blue, but a girl can hope.