Bronc and Barb arrived early in a yellow, antique, Pinto at my Hôtel de Nus resort in the dense city complex. Just another couple escaping a year of self quarantine in November. 2020 will soon be history, but it has been a record setting year for my certified resort. My slim, busty, and nude bell hop, wearing just a covid mask, burgundy cap and shoes, greeted them in the ornate, sheltered portico away from the drenching rain. She passed them new masks. He smiled as he studied her lush body, she stared at her, open mouthed.
Bronc rushed to our free-standing reception desk. My seated, masked, blasé concierge greeted them with scripted words, as required, and added some of his own. I'll have to speak to him about that. "Welcome to Hôtel de Nus. You have reservation papiers, I see. Valet is moving your, um, voiture to our privee parking. We do hope it is the fuel cell version without the petro engine or exploding gas tank. This is your partner?" He nodded at Barb. It was only then that they noticed all 30 or so guests in the elaborate lobby were naked, yet masked.
"Your covid vax card is complete and your STD panel is clear so you are approved for full sexual contact as you and your partners agree. You are in room 929 and so your clothing will rest here in box 929. You may state your base sexual preference as hostess H9 assesses you. It is de rigor."
"Wait. What? All our clothing?" protested Barb. At a finger snap from him, four naked hosts, two male and two female smoothly swept in and quickly stripped them, leaving them only in blue masks and shoes. When HM1 (Host Male 1) and HM2 wordlessly stripped Barb as HF1 and HF2 swept along Bronc's body, with special attention to his nascent cock, she stopped resisting.
"Oui, madam. That is in our name, non? This is a safe place for all sex contacts." Barb gasped, shy as he had informed us, as his hairy dick stiffened. His hands wanted to cover his rising cock, but he fought them off for her sake.
Hostess 9 (H9) glided in smoothly, naked except for her purple mask, shoes, a black velour collar with white bow tie, and a 1" wide, purple wrist band. I swept my cameras up and down their bodies. Throbbing neck veins showed their hearts raced as they looked around furtively. The other nude guests regarded them casually and briefly studied their sexes as the male hosts perked up Barb's bent, yet stiffening nips. Though I continued to observe my guests inalltheir activities, I will let Bronc read from his journal notes about their vacation here. My green light flash, three on, pause, repeat until she nodded, told H9 that I approved her to continue.
***
Concierge handed me three blue objects: a DVD showing hotel options, wrist band explanations, and activities; a detailed map of the entire resort; a thick book explaining hotel rules, programs, nightclub theater, outside eateries and hotel restaurant info plus many ads. Concierge looked us up and down, bored, "You are still on time for ze hôtel breakfast after your assessment. Lunch starts in one hour. The purple bands you see identify hôtel staff. They are always available for your pleasures. The color stripes further define their preferences. You will choose your own base band and stripes shortly."
Still standing naked mid lobby, under a six-tier crystal chandelier, beautiful H9 added to our profile in her tablet. She watched HM1 & 2 circle my naked wife and gently stroke her face, sides, legs and ass before skimming her full tits and stiffening nipples. "Good basic responses." HM2 gently roamed in her pubes before circling her clit. H9 slipped a dispassionate finger into Barb's pussy. "Still dry at early stim. Light clit and vaginal contact adding nominal moisture in vag. Madam, I will schedule you both for grooming and you may choose how you want your pubes styled. Feel free to examine any others closely and expect them to examine you before and after your trim." So disappointingly clinical. I can't wait to get her out of her 'uniform.'
She smiled at Barb as she caught her breath. "So, that's why you didn't want me to trim my wild pubes at home." I neither confirmed nor denied it. Fighting her shyness for the adventure, Barb kept her arms stuck at her sides. She looked at the other naked guests as several stared and stroked themselves slowly. Most blatantly showed off their hairless genitals. "Honey, are you sure about this? I never expected to be so publically naked so soon. I'm not sureI'mready for this." Frowning, Barb looked around again. I reminded her that she wasn't ready for the nude beach day either, but she ultimately got used to it, then loved it.
Concierge stared at her flowering pussy, "What did you expect when our name is Hôtel de Nus? Mon dieu! You will be nus until you leave. Enjoy your visite," he added with attitude.
HM1 licked a finger and gently wiggled inside Barb's ass. She gasped and surged her pussy deeper onto HM2's two fingers in it. "Good anal response," wrote H9. HM2 began pinching her hard nipples as his thumb circled her clit. Barb's raspy breathing signaled the onset of her fastest orgasm to date, her first one so public. The two HMs stepped up their stim and, as the concierge and several guests watched, Barb blushed and surrendered to a shuddering climax. H9 smiled as she added, "Good orgasmic response. You will fit in well with our shared activities. Your mate remained calm, if aroused, showing he would not cause problems. Barb, your base band is for hetero with female options."
"Oh Bronc, there was none of this stranger touching on the beach. Even that touch-free strangers' nudity was not easy to accept. Sex on the beach wasn't easy either even while others nearby did it. Only you were allowed to touch me then." I know she didn't forget how hard she came then as others watched us fuck. She didn't yet know that was all preparation for here.
Once my clothes vanished, my cock became the oracle of my arousal, 0 being down and flaccid, 4 being horizontal. It went from 2 to 0 as my clothes went away. Though embarrassed standing abruptly naked with strangers staring, my oracle began to rise again as I watched my wife respond and climax for us, 3. H9 observed and noted, "Mild response to partner climax. Needs help." HF1 and 2 circled me and lightly stroked my face, neck, back, ass, thighs, nipples, yet avoided my cock. It twitched down to 1, then back up to 3. I don't need help!
HF1 knelt before me and lifted my cock. She slid my foreskin back and squeezed me as Barb watched closely, 3,4. HF1 removed her mask and licked my bishop, pressed my frenulum with her warm tongue, 4 and thrusting. She lapped my shaft and I became aware of many strangers watching and stroking each other. Pride flooded me and I wanted them to watch me rise and cum.
HF1 took me into her warm mouth and sucked gently until I was in her throat, then gulped. There's nothing like a hot, strong throat clench. With a loud groan, I became aware of HF2 petting my ass as her other hand used a wet finger to breach it. Then, she licked and stroked my round muscle, 5. When she found my prostate, I shouted my release ensuring all heads turned to watch me swell HF1's throat as I filled her belly with my cum. More cum surged into her mouth and spilled onto her full tits.
H9 noted, "Strong response to head and prostate, copious cum. Barb, would you like to lick his cum off her tits?" When Barb happily removed her mask and took in the flawless, sticky tit and throughly lapped it clean, H9 added to our profile, "Barb enjoys eating cum and tits. Pursue bi experiences. Bronc, do you have any desire or fantasy of sex acts with a man?" I shook my head a leery "NO." "Then I suggest your band indicate strong hetero with female connection. Yet, may I assume you would enjoy MFF and MFM grouping?" I considered it and looking at Barb, asked about an MMMF option for her pleasure. When Barb blushed and smiled, H9 added that note. With both of us recovering from breathing hard and now proud of sharing our orgasms with strangers, I asked where breakfast was.
Before he could answer two guests from the lobby came and slowly, wordlessly circled us. His shaved cock was stiff at 4, her clit stood proudly out from her hairless pussy. She kept rubbing her clit as she squeezed my cock until it rose again to a 3. After a moment, she shed her mask, bent, and licked the residual cum from my hairy pubes. Though blushing, Barb seemed to enjoy watching a stranger, a guest, lick my bush and balls.
The male stranger was teasing Barb's stiff nips as he watched his wife lick me clean. When she sucked me into her mouth, he knelt and brushed Barb's hairy pubes aside. He lifted her leg onto his shoulder as she leaned back against the desk for support and stared closely at her parting labia. Barb's mouth dropped as he shed his mask, sniffed her orgasmic aroma, then circled her clit with his nose as his tongue entered her pussy. He moaned; she moaned; he noisily lapped her wet pussy. My cock throbbed to 4. Both strangers left silently with broad smiles; both of us felt the frustrations of para-orgasms. H9 smiled as she updated our profiles. Is it too soon to invade her lusty, glistening pussy?
Almost forgotten, Concierge bitterly answered that we were too late for breakfast and had to wait an hour for the lunch service. "But you said we were on time for breakfast just minutes ago." With great ennui he said that was many minutes ago, and perhaps we would like to see our room before lunch or meet and eat some of the guests in the lobby. What an annoying little prick. I peeked over the counter and understood his frustration. Did his attitude cause his failed one inch dick to lie still at 0 despite the blatant sex before him, or did the tiny dick drive his attitude? I could not care less. Without comment, we chose to see our room. A short but very well hung Bell Boy (BB1) approached wearing his purple covid mask, burgundy fez, shoes and purple band only.
Barb was fascinated by how far his loose cock swung with his steps. Flaccid, it nearly reached his knee. Blushing, she reached out and lifted it, 2. "Honey, he's hung like a horse." I wondered when she studied horse cock. "Am I allowed to do this?" she asked him belatedly as she blushed, yet squeezed and lightly stroked the heavy cock. He assured her it was encouraged with anyone wearing a purple band of either sex. They all had their covid vaccine and were tested weekly for that and any STDs. Barb happily increased her stroking until he was an enormous 4. "Honey, feel how solid and massive he is. It won't bite."
Reluctantly, I hefted his massive dong. When I felt it pulse in my hand, I couldn't resist pumping it a few times out of curiosity. People passed us and nodded passively as we walked the hall with my stiff cock bobbing in Barb's hand and a stranger's massive cock in my hand. BB1 had to stop when he became a 5 and asked for either of us to eat him. He said they were not allowed to cum on floors or other building parts. Barb dropped to her knees, quickly shed her mask, and placed a hand behind mine as we jerked him together. In seconds, his average balls sent his soldiers charging up his cock, rumbling my hand. He filled and overflowed her mouth with his spew then nodded for me to finish eating his cum. I refused so he thickly coated my wife's face and tits. He was too big to fuck her, so he finished cumming on her belly and hairy pubes. Smiling, she rubbed his cum across her body so it didn't mess the floor.
When he kept squirting, she scooped it and smeared my belly and legs. Gross! He removed his mask and lapped Barb's face and tits clean before turning to me and lapping his cum off me though I had backed against a wall. When I closed my eyes, I found it rather pleasant, 3. I lurched when I felt his tongue circle my helm then suck me into his mouth. My concern about an MFM encounter began to wane. He spread Barb's pussy open and drank her nectar before lapping her pubes clean and putting his mask back on. That time, she didn't blush, but lifted her leg for him, held his head against her pussy, and smiled.
We finally got to our room, Barb holding the monster cock all the way, and found a message waiting. Our appointments for our grooming were due. When I confirmed we would still be on time for lunch, we rushed down to the trim room.
Two purple-banded hosts removed their purple masks and helped us onto low tables. My head was at Barb's feet. The female, Alice , applied a naturally formulated cocoanut lube on my pubes and the male, Anthony, did the same to Barb. Alice checked her tablet. "I see you both prefer oral stim -- our specialty." I grinned.
As Anthony slowly rubbed the lotion in, he suggested a totally bald look for her, but she wanted a narrow strip to her clit with her labia bald. I told my host I wanted to be bald from my navel to my balls and butt hole. She smiled and nodded. They removed and stored our masks.
The table had a split half way up that allowed her to move my legs apart. Barb's were already spread wide and her beautiful pussy was widely gaping. "I wish I could record both of you shaving us as a record of our first time."
Anne said that was being done for us and pointed to four cameras near the ceiling. "The owner likes to watch us all and record certain things for you. You will get a souvenir DVD when you leave." Barb tried to snap her legs closed, but her shaver was already deep between them. "Too late to worry about that now. I'm sure he has been watching you since you entered the hotel. Enjoy the exposure." She finished my balls, put my leg down, and stroked my cock to 4 before carefully shaving it. "It is much less risky if it is stiff. You have a nice, thick and straight cock and interesting bishop." She carefully shaved it. "I look forward to tasting andfeelingit."
Barb kept nervously eyeing the cameras as her shaver inserted two fingers deep in her pussy and rolled her wet and swollen lips open with his thumb. When he rubbed her clit he added, "It's also a little easer if your labia are swollen like this, though not necessary. Your pussy is classically pretty and I love feeling and looking at it." Barb smiled, relaxed at his compliment, and saw his fingers glisten with her juices. She hasn't been this wet this often in ages.
My shaver stood by my head and leaned over me to shave above my cock. Looking up at her beautiful, bald pussy spread open and bumping my nose helped me understand why the table was so low. I inhaled her calming scent of arousal mixed with cocoanut and felt high.
Anne casually added, "Feel free to rub and taste it. I'll be coating you in the same potable lotion when we're done." Released from any constraints, I stroked her plumping lips and stiffening clit. My other hand easily slid two fingers deep into her moist pussy. How had she hidden her arousal so well? As I licked her clit and swelling lips, drank her tasty nectar, I followed her muscular ass curve and found her pink butt hole. Thankfully, she paused shaving me.
She shifted and squatted to allow me to rub her round muscle. Its musky aroma was also enticing. As I began to wonder how I could reach it to lick it, she climbed onto the table so her holes were all exposed close to my face. She quickly finished shaving from cock to navel and began rubbing in the warmed, edible lotion as I spread her cheeks and rimmed her beautiful ass. The lotion's heat was wonderful and nearly distracted me -- nearly.
She moaned, "After this first application, I'll lick it off and apply a second coat." I grunted and lurched when I felt her warm tongue draw my unshielded bishop into her hot mouth. Her luscious nectar dripped into my mouth and I used some to coat a finger before easily inserting it in her relaxed ass. As I plunged into it, she moaned and dripped more honey onto me.
Anne guided my legs up and put her arms behind my knees so my ass lifted up from the table. The drip of warm lotion on my rosebud was intoxicating and urged it to relax and bloom. Her finger gently rubbed my wrinkled muscle until it allowed two fingers to enter deeper so I was a mess of delightful confusion -- my cock in her mouth, fingers in her dripping pussy and snug ass, her fingers in my ass. As if that wasn't enough, I suddenly felt the urge, the need, to cum when I recognized the gentle pressure on my prostate, and I surrendered. My hips surged automatically at every thrust as I filled her belly and mouth with more cum than I thought possible. She slurped it all down.
As I lay spent with my cock drooping to 2, I looked toward my gasping wife. She was in a similar state -- trying to breathe around the thick, stiff cock in her throat, her finger in his ass to encourage his prostate to ignite his fuse, his mouth drinking from her pussy. Alice and Anthony stepped off our tables, walked to our hips, and straddled us. I watched him lift her legs onto his shoulders and guide his thick cock into Barb's soaked pussy.
When he began noisily fucking her hard, I felt Alice climb on me and guide my stiff-again cock into her young, drenched pussy. Her pussy had the strength of an arm wrestler with a steaming hot hand. Her short blonde hair danced; her brilliant green eyes smiled at me. Just short of pain, a dozen squeezes did me in and I shot the last of my cum into her. She groaned, smiled, and held me tight in her pleasantly quivering pussy as her eyes fluttered.
Barb screamed out and shuddered about the same time as Anthony grunted and filled her pussy. Now I knew why our tables were arranged head to toe -- so we could closely watch each other fuck and cum. When he finally pulled out, I saw his cum begin to drain from her stretched and reddened pussy. He spun over her and drank his cum as he fed her his semi. Barb eagerly licked and sucked their shared cum from his cock -- something she was always too disgusted to do. This vacation already had a huge effect on her; hopefully it will last at least until we return next year. When Alice applied another layer of warm lotion, I sighed and heard Barb sigh. We floated off the tables and shared passionate kisses for the first time with strangers then left for lunch.
All smiles, we glided into the crowded restaurant and accepted our personal tea towels. "What are these for?" she asked. I briefly explained they were for us to sit in so we didn't pick up any lingering stains or leave any for others -- nudist manners. The silent couple from the lobby stood and signaled for us to join them. My eyebrow went up, but I guided Barb toward them. She straightened and thrust her greased and shaved pussy out then elegantly pushed her tits out as if she were in an ornate gown and showing off her opulence and royalty. So much for her shyness. We removed our masks as no one else wore one there.
Another couple was seated at that table. Our silent friends introduced themselves as Carl and Claudia as they hugged us close. She squeezed and aimed my cock at the other strangers and he cupped Barb's pussy -- Barb didn't flinch and squeezed his cock. Seizing the moment, I cupped and fingered Claudia to her enjoyment. When we switched hugs, my stiff cock rubbed Carl's and I shifted away, yet I noticed he didn't. I also noted Barb's fingers were bravely inside Claudia's pussy and stirring as they both smiled. Claudia pinched Barb's nipple and fingered Barb where they stood as she addressed us both, "We need not wipe our fingers if we enjoy the scent and taste of pussy. We'll get to you men shortly. I promise."
The seated couple stood, "I'm Joe and this is Jen, my gorgeous wife. We've already tasted our friends, so can I get some of you too, Barb? I see your threads show you enjoy oral." As his hot wife grabbed my cock and moved my hand to her pretty pussy, this total stranger reached out and casually fingered Barb's wet pussy. "So smooth. You must have just had your grooming."
Jen was easy to slip into and gasped when I circled her clit as I touched her G. Her perfect tall, cylindrical nipples beautifully compensated for the tiny tits. They tasted perfectly musky and felt dense. Tables around us hushed as she wobbled on my fingers. Barb gently stroked Joe to stiffness. After a minute, Joe offered, "Maybe we put on enough of a show here?" Light applause helped us sit. Was that sincere encouragement or sarcastic? It didn't matter. I, no we, have never felt so elated and free. Drenched fingers found happy mouths and we silently complimented the tasty, productive pussies we savored.
Our server was BB1. Jen stroked his huge cock as she pondered the menu longer than needed. " Barb, have you met Dick here? You can guess why we call him BIG Dick." Dick smiled and Barb blushed; Jen stroked. "Ah, you have. He cums in gallons, doesn't he?" She ordered her dish and he moved to Claudia. She hefted his monster, kissed it and lapped his bishop before ordering. He offered Barb his huge cock. She stroked him faster, past the point of full 4 erection, licked the Cowper's off his helm then grabbed her empty coffee cup when she felt him grunt. Jen smiled, "Right, don't make a hotel mess." He filled nearly half the cup with his creme. Carl leaned over and licked his bishop clean. Barb asked if anyone wanted some tasty creme.
Claudia said, "I'll have it in my coffee. Anyone want to share? Or should we make some more fresh creme." She grabbed her empty cup and Joe's cock. He and Carl pushed away from the table so the others nearby could watch them spurt into two more cups. Dick poured coffee into the three cups and the ladies stirred their stranger creme. They all took a sip and happily licked their lips of the sticky part. When they offered us a sip, Carl and Joe took a big gulp; I passed.
During lunch, Jen asked about our fresh trims. "You smell of cocoanut, so I assume you got Alice and Anthony -- that's their preference. I hope you got thefullhappy ending treatment. She has such a strong pussy and his cock is so skilled and filling." Blushing again, Barb agreed with everything.
As we ate, big Dick filled our water glasses and found any excuse to stop by. Every woman, at others tables too, couldn't resist handling his huge, thick cock. By the end of lunch, penis envy began to slap us so we grabbed our courtesy towels and left. After half an hour in the sauna, we all went to my room as it was on the top floor. The heavy rain blocked any view we might have had, so we settled in for our preferred activity -- sex. During the next two hours, we all swapped partners until we were all familiar with all three pussies, mouths and even asses. Carl and Joe kissed and fucked each other as I fucked Claudia. Barb got deeply acquainted with a pussy for the first time. She quickly learned how to scissor Jen after they came together in 69 -- I filled both pussies just before they came.
When we passed out in a messy tangle of hot bodies, we slept for two more hours. At five p.m., I woke alone with Barb. We didn't know what room the others were in, so we went to the lobby and hoped to catch them for dinner. Meanwhile, new guests arrived.
We knowingly watched H9 approach as the other four hosts quickly stripped them. His hairy cock rose as he stared at beautiful H9; his wife was mortified and covered her bare tits and bushy pussy as much as she could. When she began to relax, I took Barb's hand and we silently approached then circled the new guests. Wordlessly, Barb stroked his cock and sucked him off to orgasm. I moved his wife's hands to her side, nibbled on her stiff nipple and fingered her to a shocking orgasm. She stood staring at her husband and panted until I got on my knees and drank all her delicious cum. When she came again and flooded my mouth, I put her leg on my shoulder and drank more. H9 said, "Welcome to Hôtel de Nus. Enjoy your stay." Three green camera lights flashed.
I whispered "See you soon," in H9's ear as I fingered her tight and quivering pussy. "I hope you'll scream for me in a less clinical way shortly." She sighed. Barb and I introduced the new guests to the customs we just learned and took them to our dinner show.
That was the first part of our first day there. All that in seven hours! Little did I know how much more was to cum just that night.
======== 16 hr 15:30 5/11/21 ===== 4426 words ====
4/29/21 dream seminal image: dream: cpl in ornate lobby stripped by nude hosts as nude guests watched casually