The Wife III
A Temu package arrived for Dusty's husband, she had sat it on the table for later when he got home, the whole time she was wondered if it was a new sexy outfit for her to wear out or another skimpy bikini to wear to the beach to tease the young guys.
It wasn't that big of a package so she assumed it was for her. She spent her afternoon fantasying about what tiny garment they had looked at that might be inside. She finally gave in to her curiosity and opened it. Inside were several mini spy cameras.
Dusty immediately knew what they were for, they had discussed her being a voyeur wife on the beach a few weeks ago. Dusty became excited about the idea of her showing off to strangers and being videoed.
When her husband got home, he found her in the backyard naked on her Outsunny lounge he had bought her, he grinned when he saw one of the neighbors watering the flowers next doors, watching her over the four door dog eared wooden fence. He was nothing but proud of his forty year old sexy youthful looking wife, showing off her tits to the old guy next doors.
He waited until the neighbor had gone back inside before he went out to tell her he was home. "You know Frank was watching you again don't you?"
She giggled, "oh yeah, he watched me playing with myself too!" She picked up her small vibrator waving it at him. "Oh and the cameras came it! Sorry I wanted to see what you bought me, but it wasn't clothes! So what's the plan?" She giggled.
He laughed at her, "I should have it ready for Saturday, we will drive down the coast a bit and take it from there, I think I found the perfect place."
"That's four days away, can we try them out before then?" She begged.
"We'll see," he grinned at her, then headed out to his shop, stopping to grab the cameras in the house.
While she was fixing dinner, he was busy attaching one of the cameras to her windshield in the Jeep. After downloading the app he made a few adjustments using himself as a model to get the best view of the drivers seat. He also linked the camera to her phones WiFi to give it remote viewing capabilities.
When he went back inside, she asked him to run to the store for a few bottles of wine to go with dinner. He just smiled at her and started to unbutton his shirt. "Here put this on and you run to the store instead."
"Why?"
He laughed at her, "trust me, and buttons are not only optional, but discouraged!"
She slipped on his work shirt only doing four buttons below her impressive "C" boobs, leaving a slit between her legs to show off her tanned thighs as she drove. While she was rolling up the long sleeves, she stepped into a pair of black heals she had dropped by the back door when they got home the night before.
He handed her the phone he had just linked to the cameras WiFi, the keys and her wallet, "take your time too!"
A bit confused until she got to the Jeep and saw the little spy camera hanging below her mirror. "Oh fuck yeah, this is awesome!" She said out loud.
Shortly after cranking up the Jeep a tiny red light came on, then she heard "I am watching you, have fun!"
"So you can watch me and hear me too?"
He laughed at her, "oh yeah, and offer encouragement, and I can see already you're not wearing panties just like anyone else's looking at you, or a bra!"
She backed out the drive way headed, not to her local Publix but to one a bit farther away, via the interstate. The wind quickly pushed the front tails of the skirt back off her legs as her husband watched, he had already hit record on his end.
"Oh damn baby, those thighs look sexy as hell like that. Put your foot up on the door jam."
She shifted into fifth gear, the angle of her arm and the weight of the rolled up sleeve pulled the shirt off her right shoulder. She placed her foot up on the edge of the door opening like he said, she grinned feeling the wind running between her legs and over her exposed pussy. She kept glancing up at the camera smiling at him. As the wind whipped the top of the unbuttoned shirt open and closed around her tits.
He decided to wait until she was done at the store before challenging her to expose more.
Pulling into the parking lot she looked up at the camera, "so how is it working so far?"
"Well you showed off a lot of those legs to some folks, and the I think it was all recorded, I will check when you go into the store."
Then she reached up and released one of the buttons below her boobs, "too bad you don't have one that will follow me into the store!"
He watched her climb from the Jeep, her top open to almost her belly button, flashing the roundness of her bare breasts rolling around loose inside his shirt.
She gave him a little wave and he watched her walking away until just before he went inside the store, that's when the camera dropped the WiFi connection.
Dusty felt sexy wearing just her husband's dress shirt, barely held closed with three little white buttons now. She enjoyed watching the heads turn as people walked past her, her tanned legs in and out the unbuttoned slit at the bottom. Her bare breasts threatening to slip from the revealing shirt that lacked sufficient secured buttons to hide her boldness.
Walking through the Publix store, Dusty was enjoying the looks she was receiving from the men, young and old. She quickly realized this store was set up opposite of her regular store and working her way to the other side, smiling at gawkers as she passed them. The feeling of the shirt gaping open knowing her boobs were just out of sight from her admirers, only added to her fantasies of wanting to be seen.
Finding the bottles she wanted, two different muscadine wines, a Bryant and her favorite Dublin, she reached up for the Bryant, but had to lean over a bit to grab the Sweet Dublin. She heard someone to her left whisper out, "oh nice, quite very nice," she looked up to see an elderly gentleman looking into her shirt.
Dusty just giggled making no effort to cover up letting him take in her exposed breast, then leaving him there with a smile on his face as she made her way to the register.
It only took her a minute or so in the self checkout and she was out the door. Climbing back into the Jeep was just as unlady like as getting out. "Oh that was nice!" Came her husbands voice from the camera.
Dusty just giggled, "that's a bit scary, I can't be bad without you knowing now!"
"You know that off the shoulder look is quite sexy on you!" Was his only come back.
Reaching up and she pushed it off the left shoulder this time. Not really showing off her big boobs completely, but showing enough of her cleavage and upper chest to show off her lack of a bra to anyone looking.
After a short conversation with her husband about the people in the store she cranked up the Jeep and was backing out when she saw the old man pushing his cart out the store. "I got an idea, watch this!" Dusty told her husband.
She reached up and released another button under her boobs. This allowed the shirt to fall open to well below the belly button. Only the friction of the material against her skin kept her covered.
She did a loop around the parking lot and pulled up next to the old man, "excuse me sir, but can you tell me which way is it to I-95?"
When she dropped her hand from the steering wheel to turn to look at him more directly. The left side of the shirt dropped drop to her elbow exposing her left tit to him.
It took him a few seconds to process what she said staring at her bare breast. He looked around then back at her, "ya know if ya just turn right out the parking lot, it's a few block up." Pointing where she needs to go but not taking his eyes off her chest.
"I knew it was close, I just get turned around and lost so easy." She explains to him, catching him looking down at her bare thighs, the shirt barely hiding her pussy from his gaze.
The old man quickly asked Dusty, "what year is this Jeep, reminds me of the one my past wife used to show off in years ago?"
Dusty was now intrigued by his comment, catching her a bit off guard him knowing her game. "Let's get out the road, I'll follow you to your parking spot."
He walked next to her door glancing over at her exposed bare breast repeatedly until he got the convertible teal colored Jaguar.
After pushing his cart against the back of his cars bumper, to keep it from rolling, he turned and smiled, "yes I said show off, this is the same game she used to play, took me years to catch on to what she was doing and when I finally did I enjoyed participating." With his right hand resting on the back of her seat he reached in the Jeep to her shirt.
He saw her glance up and the small box hanging down under the mirror. "Is he watching us?"
She smiled and gave him an evil grin. Her husband remaining silent just staring at his phone watching.
"So he likes this game too then?" He smiled looking down at her boob and bare thighs again.
"Guess he would enjoy you having one more button undone if he sent you out like this now would he?"
She didn't look down as she felt one of the two buttons release. "You're not going to strip me in the Publix parking lot are you?" Then she felt the shirt fall away from her right side and her legs.
Smiling at her, looking up from her exposed body, "do you want me too, my past wife never let me go this far in public like this."
Dusty looked around, knowing anyone looking her direction would see her exposure. "I'm not sure, I do have to drive back home." He reached up brushing her right nipple with the back of his hand, pushing the shirt off her shoulder.
She looked up at the camera again, knowing her husband is probably touching himself by now.
"Oh yeah, I know, and I am thinking you have let me undress you this far and a little more would just increase your excitement." He placed his left hand on her thigh, a bit more than half way up towards her smooth slit.
Without even thinking she moved her knees apart, "ah, shouldn't we move to someplace not so in the view of the public?" She was breathing a bit heavy as she asked him.
"What fun would that be?" She felt his fingers spreading her lips, but not able to access her because of how she was sitting. His index finger finding her clit, flicking it several times.
She looked around again, watching a woman about her age walking past, staring at her sitting there with her tits out and her thighs bare. She gave Dusty a smile, obviously not offended by her exposure, looking back a few times on her way to her soccer mom van.
A few more flicks of her clit and Dusty grabbed the steering wheel, sliding forward a bit to the edge of her seat. Looking around again a little nervously not wanting to go to jail. "Yeah there ya go sweat heart, let go the steering wheel," he reached up with his right hand sliding the sleeve toward her wrist.
She pulled her arm free as the old guy found her wet opening sliding his middle finger deep inside her. Dusty let out a moan as her hips met his finger slipping in and out her pussy. He was laughing as he reached to her right elbow pulling the sleeve toward her hand. She didn't even hesitate as she pulled her arm free. "This is fucking crazy!" She managed to get out before squirting over his hand.
She was surprised she has been able to reach orgasm so quickly lately and release of her own juices with such volume.
"I, I um, oh fuck, I, I got to go, but thank you!" She looked at the old man then up at the camera.
The old man reached into his shirt pocket and pulled out a business card handing it to Dusty then looked up at the camera. "I'd love to have a copy of that if you would and thank you for sharing!"
Dusty cranked up her Jeep and hurried toward the exit and onto highway before realizing she was sitting on the bunched up shirt in the Jeep. "So how was that?" She asked looking up at the camera, she was trying to get the shirt from under her ass to slip it back on. Smiling at people looking up at her in the Jeep driving naked.
"Incredible! To say the least, and if you get that shirt back on, you have to stop and ask directions again, and no buttons!"
"Oh you liked that did you?" She laughed lifting her ass up to slip her arm into the left sleeve. Then making a right a few blocks before the entrance to I-95, onto the highway running parallel to the interstate.
Wiggling to get her other arm in the shirt she smiled at her husband, "dinner might be late, I'm going to go get lost on the college campus!"
He just watched her, the wind keeping his dress shirt from covering her pretty chest, the shirt tails hanging to the sides of her thighs revealing to others paying attention there was nothing under her coverup.
He smiled seeing her leaning back in the seat, her left foot up on the door jam again airing out her soaked pussy and the Jeep seat. "I think you are enjoying the camera thing a bit much already baby!"
"Well you said you wanted to post pictures and videos of me, I think we will use the income for cruises and maybe vacations to clothing optional destinations, I heard Ibiza Island would be exciting!"
He laughed at her knowing she was serious, he had already explored setting up her Onlyfans and VoyeurChamp accounts, having opened accounts attached to his Cash App account to receive purchases.
He shot back watching her exposed boobs on the video as she drove, "isn't that island a bit clothing optional?"
She laughed at him, "I sure hope so! And I really like this new asking for directions game, I have a few sundresses in mind for this game!"
He laughed at her again, "you keep this up and I'll keep making you videos to post, you look fucking incredible like that!"
"Well I feel quite slutty, and I like it! Oh look, two guys on skate boards, hang on baby!" She slows to see how old they are before pulling over. "Oh yeah, they are legal!"
Dusty pulls the shirt over her boobs and lap, then slides over into the parking lane, "hay guys, can you tell me how to get to Pickens Hall? I'm supposed to be picking up my son there."
The two guys stopped and stared at her looking through the passenger side, staring at her legs exposed up to her hip and the center opening of her shirt showing off a good bit of her tanned cleavage. Dusty glanced up at the camera smiling.
They both moved closer wanting a better look, "damn I wish you were my mom, you're sexy as fuck lady!" One of them tells her.
She laughs at him, "well thank you sweat heart, that's gracious of you!" Then lifts her arm to behind the passenger seat, opening up the shirt even more down the center, enough to show them it isn't buttoned at all.
"Holy fuck, you're naked under that shirt, that fucking rocks lady!" The same guy says to her. The other guy trying to get a better look at Dusty.
"Oh yeah well, I was laying out when my son called wanting a ride, I didn't expect to have to chat with anyone and he won't answer his phone now. I hope you're not offended."
"Why would we be offended, you look like you should be going to school with us not picking up your son, from what I can see you have a rocking hot body there lady, I'd love to see what you looked like when you were laying out!"
She giggled, shifting into neutral and lifting her left foot off the clutch. Moving her knees a part just a bit, the tails of the shirt still between her thighs.
"Oh come on, please, I am old enough to be your mom, why would you want to see me, like, without this ole shirt on?"
The second guys laughs,"lady I'd like to do more than just see you! You're hot as fuck!"
She gives him a smirk, "more than see me, like what would that be?"
"What if we started by you opening that shirt up a bit more so we can see just how old you look without it!" One of them tells her.
She looks up at the camera, adjusting the mirror like she is checking what's behind her, gives her husband a wink. Had they been on her side they would have had a look inside the shirt.
She smirked at them, "Why don't you open it up, you know so you can, see as much as you desire!" Placing her left hand up on the steering wheel to twist her body a bit showing off a little more of her tanned cleavage.
The guy drops his skateboard and slides into the passenger seat, "as much as I want, really?"
The other guy standing next to him watching, "dude just fucking pull it off of her if she's going to let you!"
He looks back to her, Dusty just smiles as he reaches for the collar. As he starts to pull she leaned forward extending her arm for him. "Oh fuck would you look at her! Keep pulling it off dude!" As her right tit came into view.
The guy pulled it down her arm to her wrist where he paused. Dusty giggled and pulled her arm free. He reached lower on the shirt and pulled the right side loose from between her legs allowing herself to be exposed down her entire right side to the younger guys.
"Dude I can't believe this shit, look at her she is gorgeous and she just let you strip her shirt off!"
Dusty giggled at him, "he hasn't stripped me yet! Why don't you hop in the back and we can maybe go someplace a little less public where I won't get arrested!"
The guy still outside the Jeep watching grabbed both boards dropping them in the back then climbed in the back seat using the rear tire to step up and in.
He sat in the middle so he could lean forward and watch Dusty's bare breast.
The guy in the back seat tells her, "go down two blocks and turn right, I know a place!"
As soon as she pulled away from the curb the guy reaches over pulling the rest of the shirt free from between her thighs. "Oh would you look at that, I love a smooth shaved pussy, not even a landing strip!" He rubs his fingers over the top of her slit.
She just giggles and keeps driving making the right.
"See that red pick-up, take a left on the street right after it." The guy behind her tells her. Then he reaches over and palms her right boob giving it a squeeze. "Oh dude these are so firm!" He slides his hand around rolling her nipple between his thumb and finger.
"Yeah, yeah turn here and go to the end of the warehouse. And turn behind it." Dusty speeds up a bit eager to stop.
Making the turn and stopping past the dumpster parking on the grass, she can see and hear cars going by through the dense over grown fence, bushes and tree line in front of her. As soon as she stops the guy in the back jumps out, "come on let's help you out of this!"
Pulling the shirt down her arm and pulling it from behind her, tossing in into the back and helping her from the Jeep. He quickly pulls his phone from his back pocket snapping a picture of Dusty stand naked next to her Jeep.
The other guy comes around and grabs for both her boobs, "I'd love to slide my dick between these and cum all over that pretty face!"
"Well I'm not stopping you, I like both those Ideas!" She reaches out unbuttoning his shirt. "But here is my rule, you both got to get naked too, just like me!"
They both start loosing clothes tossing them aside, as soon as the guy in front of her drops his shorts she grabs his cock, making sure to stay in view of the camera on her windshield.
As soon as he steps from his shorts, Dusty squats down taking his already hard cock between her lips. She skillfully starts blowing the guy as he just watches her, holding her hair back so not to obstruct his view of her sucking him and her big firm jiggling boobs.
The second guy finishes stripping and slips behind her, "stand up lady, I got to have that pussy!" Pulling her to a bent over position.
As soon as he has her up he squats behind her eating her ass and pussy from behind. Briefly pulling the cock from her mouth, "oh fuck yeah, eat my ass, I'll let you do whatever you want to me!" Then deep throats the guy in front of her giving his balls a squeeze in her excitement, he is now able to reach down and grab her swinging tits, pinching and pulling on her hard nipples.
Dusty moans around the cock buried to its base as the guy is swirling his tongue around her ass hole, trying to lick her pussy as he rapidly fingers her pussy.
"Oh damn you guys know how to make an old lady feel good, remember you are going to cum on my face!" She goes back to fast strokes with her mouth then burying his length completely tickling the back of her tonsils.
The guy behind her stands up, grabs his cock and goes searching for her juicy opening. A few short pushes and her has his hips bouncing off her ass cheeks. He holds his phone away videoing all three of them.
"Dude this lady can suck a fucking dick, she's better than any bitch I have ever face fucked before!"
"Let's swap, I want to try that mouth too!" They both pull free spinning her around.
The guy now in front of her grabs her hair guiding her mouth to his pussy juice soaked cock. She waste no time devouring him. The guy behind her has no trouble impaling her with his hard cock.
After fucking her pussy for a few minutes he pulls out and centers on her pink rose bud, easing the head of his cock in as she makes a slight squealing noise around the cock buried down her throat. She pushes back against him wanting his cock in her ass.
"Oh fuck that feels good," she licks up and down the guys shaft. "One of you lay down, I want you both in me down there!" The guy in front of her tells the guy in her ass, you lay down, I want to do her ass!"
They all three do a quick position swap with one of them laying in the grass. Dusty squats down guiding the cock into her pussy, riding it a few strokes as the guy gropes her tits.
"Ok lean over lady, I've never done this double thing before, I want into your ass already!"
Dusty lays across the guy under her, she feels the guy quickly rubbing the head of his dick on her anus the pushes in with a grunt.
"Dude I can feel your cock sliding in, this is fucking unreal!"
Dusty leans up a bit now riding the two cocks inside her as the two inexperienced guys try to find a rhythm.
It doesn't take long before the guy on the bottom starts saying, "oh God, oh God I can't..." and looses his load inside her pussy. But she keeps riding as his cum pumps out with each bounce.
The guy behind her asks, "you still want a facial or you want me to blow up your sweet ass!"
"Face, pull out and slash my face!"
He pulls out and startles his friend and presents his hard cock to Dusty. Without thinking she grabs his cock and starts to jerk him off then wraps her mouth around the cock that just came out of her ass.
It didn't take long before she sensed him tightening up and she pulls the cock out her mouth and jerked him a few more times before he started shooting thick streams over her face and chest. Several globs dropping down onto the guy under them hitting his face as well as he tried to block it looking up at his buddies asshole and balls.
The guy then stepped away from her face and started getting dressed, giving Dusty a pull up off the guys now soft dick. She turned smiling for the camera letting her husband see her face, her new fetish.
"Ok guys it was fun, but I got to get going, my dinner is getting cold. Can I drop you someplace?" She pulls the shirt from the back and start slipping it on.
"Wait, yes, but can you leave the shirt off? I mean lady your tits are incredible, I could stare at them all day!" One of them asks her.
She laughs at them, "no I don't think that's a good idea as much as I'd like too! But I'll leave it open for you some of the way." She slides into the Jeep cranking it up, then pulling the shirt closed like it was when she stopped to ask them directions, they hurry to finish getting their clothes on.
The guy in the front giggled looking at her face and cleavage with drying cum. "What?" She smiled at him, "looks gross?" Then she looked at the camera again, pretending to look in her mirror. "Where am I dropping you guys off?"
"Just go back out to the main road and turn right," he told her, then reached over pulling the right side of the shirt open so they could see her boob again.
The guy in the back asks her, "hay can we get your phone number, we need to do this again!"
She laughed, "yeah let's not do that, I am married."
"Turn left up here like you're going to the college, I bet you would be fun at parties!"
Dusty made the turn, "like Frat parties?"
"Yeah like Frat parties, you like going to those?" The guy in the front asked her, pulling the shirt off her right shoulder and down her arm. "Turn right up here!"
She turns right onto a tree line residential street lined with college houses and apartments. A few people walking the street, some wearing book bags and carrying laptops. "Dude do the other side, let's show both her tits!" The guy in the back is told.
He reaches around the front seat pulling the shirt down her arm to her elbow.
"Guys I said I can't drive around naked and you're trying to strip me again!" But leaves the shirt pulled down off her shoulders still on the college residential streets.
"Pull over where the guys are out front!" He started laughing.
"Damn you, what did you do text them?"
He laughs, "sure did!"
As soon as she pulls into the driveway her jeep is surrounded by college guys, she notices two girls among them smiling at her exposure and cum covered face.
One of the new guys says to them, "dude you were fucking serious, she is hot as hell and look at those tits!"
"Damn Katie, you should ride around like her!" A guy says to one of the two girls. Dusty did think she was a cutie in her cropped top concealing her small breasts and tight bike shorts up her ass.
She was quick with, "you never asks me too!"
Another guy tells Dusty, "damn step out the Jeep, let's see the rest of you!"
The guy that was in the front tells them, "y'all chill and we might get her to come to a party or something, right, wait we don't know your name!"
She laughed, "that's a good thing," she turns getting a sharpie out her center console. Then motions for the guy that she let cum on her face. Then writes her cell number on his arm. "Call me for the next party! Call me Jeep Hottie!"
"Wait, we want to see the rest of you," another guy begs her.
Dusty laughed at them, "I got to go guys!" She shifts into reverse so they know she is leaving.
She backs out and heads back the way she came in, waiting until she made the first turn to pull the shirt back up to hide her tits.
"So did you get some good video?"
"Oh hell yeah and you still have cum on your face!" He watches her do two of the buttons on the shirt.
"Well I'm wearing it to stop and get gas!" She giggles.
"Seriously, take off the shirt first!"
She laughed at him, "I can't do that, I'll get arrested!"
"No you won't, and park so the camera can see you!"
She laughs at him as she turns into a big multi lane Sunoco with several other people fueling up.
She swings around pointed towards the road. She smiles at her husband, "I'll unbutton it for now!" She giggles and steps out with her debt card in hand and the shirt waving open.
She steps to the left of the gas nozzle, "can you see me ok? You know if you hadn't taken the doors off I'd have something to hide behind!"
"Oh yeah prefect, and if I hadn't people wouldn't be able to see you driving naked, take it off!"
She laughs, "there are already people watching me silly! It's too busy here!"
They both hear the pump click, Dusty turns and pulls the nozzle out and places it into the pump. "Dusty, you look thirsty, go get a drink and don't touch the shirt for any reason. I have a perfect view of the store door!" He tells her.
"Ok but if I get in trouble it's on you!" She heads inside with her card in hand.
He smiles as he sees her forward movement causing the shirt to open up from behind her. He knows anyone looking can see her complete frontal exposure.
Walking Dusty can feel the shirt opening up the front and it feels quite slutty and sexy, she starts to reach to close it but knows her husband is watching so she leaves it so others can see her body.
As soon as she got inside she pulled the shirt closed, with several people gawking at her show. One lady telling her, "no need to cover up now, we saw everything you got honey!"
Dusty smiled at her, "my husband dared me to do it, he is videoing me, he is such a pervert!"
The lady smiled at her, "I like your husband's thinking!"
Dusty went and grabbed a Pepsi and got at the end of the line to pay still holding the shirt closed.
Once she paid and headed out she let go of her shirt and saw there were a number of people waiting and watching her, the top opening up again as she walked. Several people had phones pointed at her and she smiled for them.
About half way to the Jeep she crossed her arms and pushed the shirt off her shoulders letting it drop to her elbows. Several people cheered her show, a few clapping for her. This only emboldened her and she dropped her arms letting the shirt slip from her arms, catching it in her right hand showing off the rest of her body to the voyeurs.
As soon as she got to the Jeep her husband told her, "baby that was fucking incredible, stay that way now!" She rolled her eyes stuffing the shirt between her legs and headed for the Interstate knowing there would be plenty of people to watch her on their drive home in the open white Jeep.
It was only minutes and she was on the interstate giving waves to people who would notice her, some honking horns at her. "Baby move the shirt, you're blocking the cameras view!" Her husband told her.
Not paying enough attention to her situation, talking to her husband and moving the shirt into the passenger seat, she quickly found herself boxed in by eighteen wheelers.
Smiling up at a cute driver a gust of wind created, by the trucks around her, caught the shirt and sucked it from the open Jeep, something she knew would happen because it had happened before, but she wasn't paying enough attention watching her admirers.
As she approached her exit Dusty attempted to change lanes. Even with her turn signal on she was forced to miss her exit as the trucks took turns looking down at her and snapping pictures of her nakedness, she wasn't upset knowing people were appreciating her body.
Several miles and a few exits later she was able to slip in front of a truck to the right and stay there until the next exit.
People were still beeping horns at her in the evening traffic as she made her way along the secondary frontage roads back to her home.
When she pulled in her driveway her husband was waiting for her. "Hay baby, I need you to go back and get my shirt, it was my favorite one!"
She rolled her eyes and grabbed the two bottles of wine and left him videoing her as she walked inside.
"So that's a no?" He laughed at her.