Sarah woke slowly. The dream she was having was a pleasurable one, leaving her nipples hard and a tingle radiating from her pussy. Her hand sleepily wandered up her stomach bringing her satin nightie with it, and brushed the underside of her breast before coming to her areola. Tracing a circle around her nipple provoked her thighs to squeeze together, bringing a pressure to her now wet vagina. Her other hand pushed her panties down to rest half way down her thighs, and then brought her hand up, trailing a finger over her clit.
As Sarah started to wake up more fully, she froze, with a realisation of what had happened the night before. She glanced to her side, seeing Glen lying there asleep. She was torn. The fight they had last night was still raw and unresolved. She had caught him kissing another girl at a party, to which he could only claim that he was too drunk to remember and that he loved Sarah. Bastard! But she was horny.
She reached across and ran her hand down his chest and stomach, before pushing her hand into his boxer shorts. She gripped his cock hard, bringing him out of his slumber. He groaned, hungover, but his cock grew hard quickly. With her free hand, she threw the sheets off and then came to her knees and pulled his boxers down, freeing his hard cock. He was awake now, and he reached up and slipped one of the straps of her nightie from her shoulder. It slipped down a little, but caught on her stiff nipple. She pushed his hand away and leaned forward, holding his hand above his head. She swung her leg over his hips, bringing her melting pussy to hover over the tip of his manhood. He smiled that smug smile of a man who is getting what he wants. She moved her pelvis ever to slightly to slide her wetness over his cock head. He tried to thrust up, but she rose with him, keeping him just outside her quim.
"You're a bastard Glen!" she leveled at him.
"I am, but I love you, and you love me...I can tell", his smugness making his cock even harder, now just parting her pussy lips.
"Let's not make any assumptions,'' she retorted.
She pushed her hips down hard, thrusting his hardness deep inside her till it was all the way in. The suddenness of the act bounced one of her breasts free, with the other strap nearing the edge of her other shoulder. She then rose slowly, feeling his length glide out of her oozing pussy, before again thrusting downward again. He now started to thrust hard and fast as he pulled his hand free to cup her breast. They fucked hard and fast as his hands groped her breasts to the fine line between pain and pleasure. His smirk now replaced with ecstacy as his cock started to spasm. She bottomed out on his cock as he reached the edge, and started to spurt his hot cum deep inside her. She felt his seed fill her throbbing pussy as she ground it in circles. Eventually, his hardness faded away, and not wanting to give him any more reason to be smug, she swung her leg back over and dismounted his sloppy cock. She stood up out of bed, and shimmied her panties off as she looked him in the eye.
"Now that I have what I wanted, I don't want your cum over my new panties", she sniffed.
"Even better!" he countered. She wanted to punch him, and fuck him at the same time. He was so infuriating.
"I'm going to have a shower." She strutted towards the bathroom.
Closing the door behind her, her hand went straight to her clit and started to rub it up and down. She needed her release, and her orgasm built quickly as her other hand rubbed her breast. It was close, when a knock at the front door broke her reviere.
She opened the door, "can you get that?" she demanded.
He was asleep, still lying on his back with his cock still exposed. His snores grated on her nerves as she desperately wanted to have her own orgasm. Another knock at the door made her heart leap. She walked over to the window, and parted the curtains to sneak a peak at who could be at the door downstairs. A white van was parked in the driveway, and a man was just leaning out from the porch to check if the house was occupied. As bad luck would have it, they made eye contact. She couldn't now pretend to not be home. She stepped away from the window and thought about throwing on some clothes. Looking down at her attire, her satin nightie covered everything. It came down to her thigh and covered her perky breasts with at least an inch to her nipples, which were hard at the thought of a stranger seeing her in her nightie. Looking at a snoring Glen, she walked downstairs to the front door.
Opening the door, she was surprised to see two men. They were dressed in matching outfits of jeans and a polo shirt with their company logo. The first one that she had seen through the window was tall with dark hair and tanned skin. He had an athletic build and clipboard and the name on his shirt was Dan. The second was blonde, shorter but with a powerful build, and his name was Dale. Both of them smiled warmly, but a little awkwardly as they didn't know where to look.
Dan cleared his throat, "Is this Glen Millar's house?"
"Yes, but I didn't know he was expecting any tradesmen today." She smiled politely. She started to feel a little self conscious about her nightie and shifted her feet as a cool breeze coming through the door made her nighty flap a little at the bottom. It was cool against the wetness of her pussy, but made it melt on the inside.
"He said your oven is broken and needed someone to have a look at it." Dale was having difficulty keeping his eyes up.
Against her better judgement she stepped away from the door, "Oh right, come through to the kitchen then." She led them into the house and into the kitchen, guiding them to the oven. Dan kneeled on the floor and opened the oven door. Leaning lower and resting his weight on his elbow, he poked his head in and inspected the inside. Sarah feeling the shortness of her nightie just thought 'fuck it', and stepped in closer to Dan. She knew that with him being down so far, and her being closer meant that he might get a good look up her nightie. He might even be able to see her bare pussy.
"Its the top element, it stopped working a week ago." She said helpfully as she parted her legs a fraction. Dan looked up at her, and his eyes immediately started to dart about the room to avoiding looking up her nightie.
"I...I think its...um...blown." Dan returned his eyes to the oven.
Dale knelt down beside Dan, "It should be pretty obvious," he said as he thought Dan was unsure, "yep, its blown!" His eyes sought out Sarah to show clarity of their assessment. As with Dan, Dale's eyes looked everywhere to avoid seeing up Sarah's nightie.
"Oh, I hope you can fix it." Sarah played the helpless card as her skin goosebumped as her pussy throbbed at the attention. When Sarah was at college, she would flash the occasional boyfriend while they were out, and this was bringing back the memories of the hot sex she would have when they got home.
"Yes ma'am." Dale and Dan said nervously at the same time. They stood up, "We'll just go grab our tools and the replacement part." They both left the kitchen, returning a few minutes later with everything they needed.
Sarah contrived of another opportunity to flash them. "Would you both like a coffee?" she asked. Both Dan and Dale swallowed before accepting. She walked over to the kettle and filled it up at the sink, and then went to a cabinet near where they were working. Opening the cupboard, she saw the coffee cups. Not any ordinary coffee cups would do, she needed to get the ones from the top shelf. Stepping on tiptoes, she reached up to the highest cups. Her nightie rose higher up her leg and came to a rest an inch or two up her firm buttocks. She prolonged the hunt for the cups to make sure that the two men had time to notice the exposed rear view of her pussy that would surely be visible between her slender thigh gap.
After finally retrieving the cups she returned her gaze back to the two men. As her feet came back down, her arms lowered with a cup in each hand, her strap from her nightie slid down her shoulder allowing her nightie to slide fractionally down her breast. Though not exposed, it sent an electric shock through Sarah's pussy. Dan and Dale were both paused and looking in her direction. They both returned to their work to quickly hide their distraction.
"Sugar?" she inquired as she started to make their coffee. With both guys back on their knees, they both looked up, "Yes please." Their eyes lazily met hers as they responded, and then as they returned to their work, they lingered on her pussy momentarily. As they both worked, they had to readjust their crotches a few times as their cocks started to bulge.
After making the coffee she put them on the breakfast counter which had a few bar stools underneath. Pulling a bar stool out, she sat down facing the two tradesmen, and again parted her legs. While they were not looking, she sneaked a peek down and saw that her nightie had slipped up her legs and her pussy would be visible to both men, even looking down, she could just see the smooth skin of her shaved pussy. She spread her legs a little further as Dan and Dale stole frequent glances in her direction.
The job they had to do was easy, and they quickly finished up. Now both standing, Sarah invited them both to have a seat on the other bar stools while they had their coffee. As they made small talk, Sarah brought her cup up under her breasts like it was a cold day. Pressing the cup against her nightie pulled the nightie down her breast slightly on the side where the strap had fallen off her shoulder. As she brought her cup up to her lips she stole a look through her peripheral vision, and noticed that the very edge of her areola was peeking out. Both men had visible bulges in their pants that they subtly had to rearrange and hide, as both were being too polite to comment. Being so turned on, her nipples protruded through the satin, and caught the material enough that it stopped it slipping any further down her breast. Sarah desperately wanted them to see more of her body. She parted her legs a fraction more, now emboldened by the effect she was having on them. With her pussy now unmistakably exposed a flash of heat washed over her. This wasn't the same flash of heat as the horny tingling of her skin being awash with goosebumps, but it was something else. She gulped at what was coming, but she had gone this far and thinking of Glen upstairs, wasn't going to hesitate now.
With two strangers sitting opposite Sarah, and her legs spread exposing her pussy, she held her nerve. Feeling it coming from deep within, Glen's cum finally started to slide out of her pussy. It was a faint trickle that was slick and slippery, but as it continued it made the rest flow smoothly, until it felt like it was a thick stream. Both Dan and Dale were now transfixed with the sight, and watched hungrily at her gushing cunt. Both had their hands at their crotches, and were working their cocks through their pants. Spreading her legs now at a ninety degree angle, she reached to her breast and slipped the last bit of material off, bringing her erect nipple into view. She squeezed her breast and rolled the nipple between her fingers. Now fully committed, she looked down at her pussy. It was completely exposed to the two men, and had ridden up her bald mons pubis. On her stool, Glen's thick white cum was pooling between her legs. She reached her other hand down, and slid two fingers into her pussy and then brought them to her mouth and sucked them clean.
Dan stood up first, unzipped his pants and freed his long cock. It was fully erect and bounced straight up. He stepped up to Sarah and pushed his cock down and effortlessly slid his cock into her pussy. As he entered, he pulled his hand away and continued to push deeper into her, it felt like it was never going to end as it touched the deepest untouched parts of her cunt. Sarah felt like it was the strongest cock she had ever had, as it had an upward pressure like it wanted to lift her up vertically. Leaning back against the counter, she felt his cock push hard against her g-spot, causing a guttural groan to escape her lips. Dale had not wasted any time, as his cock bobbed into freedom. His cock was shorter than Dans, but it was thicker than Sarah's arm and covered in veiny ridges and ended is a swollen head. He came around beside Sarah, and lowered her upper body further off the counter to rest on another stool, bringing her had down to his cock. She grabbed it and could not get her hand all the way around it. It was so hot in her hands, and she struggled to get it into her mouth as she stroked the entire length, but was amazed at how glorious it felt.
Now lying horizontally, Sarah could feel Dan's cock and its desire to push upwards even more strongly. Her body was shuddering as a powerful orgasm approached. Dan was pounding her pussy with long, slow, but hard strokes that pushed even deeper with every thrust. Dale's cock was impossibly hard, and Sarah had given up trying to get it into her mouth, so was licking and spitting on it to lubricate her hand strokes. Both men were close to their edges, which left her near her peak. Sarah's orgasm struck hard, leaving her pussy pulsating and squeezing Dan's dick with muscles she never knew she had. His cock then started to throb and bounce as he started to cum, filling her depths with his hot seed. As Dan pulled his cock out, which seemed to take forever, Sarah said breathlessly to Dale to fuck her pussy. Dale and Dan swapped places, with Sarah sucking on Dan's cock and tasting his and Glen's cum, and Dale lined up his cock to her cunt.
Even with all of the cum inside her pussy, Dale's cock still had difficulty pushing into her, leaving her groaning loudly around Dans cock. Once Dale's swollen head popped through her labia, the rest slid in slowly, stretching Sarah's pussy out and filling her in a way that Dan did not. Dale's thrusts were rocking her body and threatening to topple her from her stool, but his powerful hands gripped her hips and held her in place. His rhythm was bliss, and Sarah could feel another orgasm roll through her body as his cock suddenly started to empty cum into what space was left inside. His cum felt like it was a hose that would never stop, and Sarah could feel it squirting out around his cock. Dan, pulled his cock out of her mouth and surprised her with another jet of cum that landed in puddles over her breasts. Sarah then stood from the stool and knelt on the ground and cleaned both of their cocks.
Both of the men then put their cocks back in their pants as Sarah replaced her nightie. Dan and Dale then waved the fee of their service and left the house with a smile and a kiss, and a cheeky finger up her ass. Sarah could feel their cum leaking out of her pussy and starting to slide down her leg as she returned back upstairs. Going into the bathroom, she lifted her nightie to see her swollen pussy with cum running down her leg. Her tits were also covered in cum and running down her stomach leaving wet patches on the satin nightie. She took a hand cloth and wiped her legs before she had an idea.
Sarah walked back into the bedroom to see Glen had not moved and was still asleep. She walked to the bed removing her nightie and kneeling on the bed, she then straddled his face backwards while looking at his cock. Glen had on occasions licked her pussy after sex without complaint, eating his own cum when he wanted to do something special for her. Glen woke facing Sarah's swollen and wet pussy, but before he had a chance to see just how full it was, she sat down. His tongue worked into her pussy and he sucked on her clit in between deep probes. The cum ran freely out of her cunt, and as she looked down past her cum covered tits to see his chin covered in thick syrupy cum. Glen's cock was now rock hard, so she leaned down and took it into her mouth and sucked it with a passion. They stayed in this sixty nine for a few minutes until they both came hard. Her orgasm squeezed even more of a torrent of cum from her pussy, and he came with a powerful spray that filled her mouth, and then she directed the rest onto her tits, to join with Dan's cum.
Sarah rolled off Glen, and lay back on the bed. She looked at her pussy, still leaking cum, and dipped her fingers in, to then lick them clean and adding to Glens cum in her mouth. Cum rolled off her tits, and slid down her stomach. She then let the cum slip from her mouth, leaving it to roll over her chin and drip over her tits and turn what cum was there into a river that flooded her belly button and coming to rest in the puddle forming between her legs.
"Wow!" Glen exclaimed, "I never realised how much I came," thinking it was all his own cum, "...so I guess that means you have forgiven me then?"
"Something like that." Sarah purred.