After that first surprise visit the girls had been around a bit more. Nothing like an all the time moved in thing, but the house has been looking great lately!
One Saturday a few weeks later we were hanging around out back. I have an above ground pool with a big deck which was being put to good use with the warm weather. It was a warm spring day and I was wearing gym clothes enjoying the sunshine. Amanda and Jessica were laying out on deck chairs, idly chatting about nothing really.
At one point I went back inside and noticed a neighbor Lynda walking down the road with her dog. Now Lynda is a bit of an enigma to me. She's the typical suburban mom, 2 teen boys, both her and her husband work locally, picket fence the whole bit. But I've noticed lately she seemed awfully attentive whenever I ran into her and I don't know, just really keen to chat.
The girls had opened the windows earlier, so when Lynda was walking by she saw me go past and waved.
Lynda is a pretty lady. Bit taller than I am with short blond hair cut in a bob. Rail thin in a fit way, she is usually out running a couple times a week and while like I said has been really chatty lately. I always found the conversations slightly awkward like I was missing something.
Seeing her wave I leaned forward with my elbows on the sill and my head stuck out the window. I knew I must have looked quite the sight, hair in a ponytail loose blue sleeveless top with no bra on. It was a Saturday so who cares, and started chatting.
What I didn't realize was the mischief my two other little friends were up too.
While were discussing the weather and what her boys are up to, Jessica and Amanda came into the room behind me. Making a bit of a show about it they both stuck their heads out to say hi to Lynda then backed out of the window again. I did notice an odd look from her when it happened, but we had a laugh and kept chatting away.
Then those devious little vixens started misbehaving.
It started when I felt two sets of nails slowly drag down my bare legs. Startled I looked down and Amanda and Jessica are on each side of me leaning against the wall, big sneaky smiles on their faces. I gave them both a wide eyed hushed "get!" then faced out the window again. Looking back that was probably not the best response.
The nails were now two sets of hands running up and down my legs. I have to admit, it was nice, soft hands running up my calves tickling behind my knees then to the base of my shorts. I jumped a bit when the hands were joined by little licks but locked my knees and tried to chat as if nothing was happening. I even tried waving them off at one point, but the double pinches on my butt made me reconsider.
I was not surprised, knowing these two, when the hands started under my shorts to caress my butt cheeks and down again. It was getting distracting and I was probably giggling with Lynda a lot more than usual, but the window was high enough that I knew she couldn't see anything. Soon enough the hands moved around from caressing my butt to gently stroking my pussy.
Then I started getting concerned. I tried shaking the hands off and glared down again at the two giggling little tormenters, which of course did nothing to stop them. At the same time it was really exciting getting this attention while trying to act like nothing was going on.
Lynda was telling me about some 5 mile race she had coming up as my shorts were being tugged down my legs. I tried to look interested as the girls were kissing my legs with their hands running all over me below the window sill. I propped my head on my hand while smiling attentively at Lynda, just out of sight the girls were playing at pulling my feet sideways opening my legs more. Biting my lip behind my hand, I was nodding away with a glazed look and sweat starting to bead on my forehead.
Once they had me opened up they got down to business. Both started kissing their way up my legs, hands still gently massaging me. One started massaging my mound then tracing my slit, a little giggle from below when they felt how wet I was getting. The other was still massaging my butt, kissing on each side. I arched my back just a bit, it was feeling good after all, and let out a little gasp as I had a finger stroking on each side, tickling my clit and my ass.
I think Lynda suspected something was going on. The little half smile and eyebrow twitch while looking at me gave me another little thrill as I tried to still act like nothing was going on with all the playing out of sight. I got a bit nervous when she started walking closer but stopped far enough back so she could not see anything and started talking about work stuff.
By then I was barely paying attention. One of the girls was massaging my wet clit with a finger, while oh so slowly sliding another finger in and out of me. I bit my lip again when two fingers entered me, when another finger started twirling around my ass and I'm sure my eyes rolled for a second.
Lynda obviously knew I was being distracted and with an arm crossed under her pert little breasts and nipple tented shirt, rested her chin on a couple fingers. With that cheerful smirk of hers she started to tell me about a story her husband had from work.
I didn't even try to talk at this point. I had a finger circling my ass, two sliding inside me and almost fell out the window when the tongue touched my clit. It was all I could do not to drop down at that point.
I had to give a breathless giggle when a smiling Lynda paused in her story to ask if I was ok, which I assured her I was, just tired from my workout earlier today.
The tongue and fingers on my pussy started moving faster in time with the one on my ass. My hand was in a fist and I was damn near biting my other hand trying to keep control. Lynda even stopped talking for a moment looking slightly flushed herself, as finally a wave of intense pleasure swept over me.
Lynda was quiet for another awkward moment as I tried to pretend nothing was going on, trying subtly to catch my breath. Finally she said something about continuing her walk and with a wave started off.
By then I had my wits back about me and wished her a great day and enjoy the sun. Her parting comment about how the day had been interesting so far certainly got me wondering.