Evan left shortly after their interlude, with Jaina and Josie remaining bare. In fact they spent the rest of the weekend without putting on any clothes. Jaina took advantage of this several times. Twice she pulled Josie out on the balcony. Once forcing her to her knees, spreading her own legs and ordering Josie to lick her to orgasm. The boys enjoyed watching Jaina grind on her face, Josie's legs spreading as she kneeled and exposing her moist slit to them. They sent Jaina several videos and pics they recorded of the show as a thank you.
The second time she had Josie sit spread eagle, putting her feet up on the railing, and touch herself for anyone that might be watching. Unfortunately the boys across the way weren't home that time but Jaina made sure to video it on her phone as well as take plenty of pics after, adding to her collection of potential blackmail material.
Finally, she had Josie greet several more food deliveries at the door, not allowing her to cover herself. Jaina had her pose for several selfies with the two excited guys and one eager girl who got topless herself for the pictures.
Sunday night she woke Josie up from her nap after the fingering session on the balcony and threw her a long t-shirt, already clad in one herself. "Wake up pet. We need to do laundry before class tomorrow. As much as I'd love to send you to class dressed as you are." She then also produced a black collar with a silver ring on the front, leaning forward to strap it on her neck. "Just in case you start to forget that you're mine now. I expect you to wear that unless you're showering or I tell you otherwise. Do you understand?"
Josie slipped on the t-shirt meekly, then picked up her laundry basket. "Yes, mistress."
Smiling, Jaina nodded and picked up her own basket leading the two of them to the basement where the laundry room was. Being late on the last night before classes started, the halls and basement were empty. The two girls plopped their baskets atop neighboring machines and quickly unloaded them. Then Jaina grabbed the hem of her shirt, whisking it off herself and stuffing that inside as well. She held out her palm to Josie. "Give me my shirt pet. I have to make sure I do all my laundry."
Josie paused, eyes widening as she looked around the very open and public laundry room. "But what if someone comes down and sees me?"
"Toy I told you there would be punishment for not following my orders." Looking stern, Jaina moved inside her personal space, whipping the t-shirt up and off Josie before sliding it inside her machine and hitting start on both - cutting Josie off from any sort of covering until the clothes were done. She then grabbed Josie by the hair and pushed her facedown on a machine, spreading her legs wide open. With one hand still firmly holding her by the hair, she administered three quick slaps to each cheek before pausing and admiring her little toy. "Although I can hardly call it punishment. You're dripping you're so turned on. I guess I'll have to document this to share later with someone you'd rather not see it. Don't move pet." She then stepped back, pulling up her phone again to snap multiple angles of Josie spread and face down, her pussy and thighs glistening.
That task completed, Jaina grabbed her by the hand and started to lead her out the door. Josie didn't fight it but meekly asked. "Where are we going? What if someone sees us?"
"As we know, you'd obviously like that. But that's not in store for us today. We have some time to kill so we're going to the gym." Their dorm's basement, besides the laundry room, also had a small gym with a few different machines and mirrors on the wall as well as a classroom that was sparingly used. Jaina led her over to a weight bench and moved Josie in position to spot her. She spread her own legs wide, enjoying the exhibitionism of working out in the nude almost wishing someone would wander down and find them. Fantasies of different encounters passed through her mind - maybe straddling young Evan again and having a loud orgasm in the middle of the gym or letting him take Josie roughly from behind or maybe even if another girl found them and she could add another toy to her harem. Quickly she stood up and ordered Josie over to lay down on some mats set up in the corner. Lowering herself onto her face she ordered Josie to lick her, before leaning forward into a 69 position, spreading Josie's legs, and returning the favor. If only Josie knew the picture she presented - bare, collared, subservient, wide legs exposing her most secret place to the door and anyone that walked through it. Jaina grinded on Josie's face before finally cumming. Josie whimpered, close herself, before Jaina slowed down and left her unsatisfied. She knew the more turned on Josie was the more subservient and malleable she was.
Jaina stood and offered Josie a hand up. Grabbing her phone again, she snapped more pics of the two of them in the gym mirrors. One standing shoulder to shoulder, dominant and submissive. The next Josie kneeling beside her, looking up submissively. Then one with Jaina standing behind her, yanking her hair back, Josie's legs parted with the fingers of Jaina's other hand spreading her lips to expose everything. Finally satisfied, the two women moved back to the laundry room to move their clothes to the dryers.
However the room was no longer empty. Leaning over and swapping her own clothes was a petite asian girl wearing a robe so short the two could see the bottom of her cheeks and a hint of her pussy peeking out. Hearing them enter she quickly stood up and turned around, gripping the hem of the robe which revealed itself to be very thin as her dark, erect nipples stood out clearly from behind it. "Oh, I didn't expect anyone to be down here this late... err.. are you two ok? Where are your clothes?"
Jaina strode confidently up to her as Josie followed meekly behind. "They're being washed obviously. I'm Jaina and this is my sub Josie. Nice to meet you." Then she leaned forward and enveloped her in a hug, pressing her bare form against her and whispering in her ear. "You're a dirty little girl aren't you running around in that little thing. Showing off your tight pussy to tease us as we entered. Maybe I should add you to my collection and punish you."
The girl stiffened, both from the unexpected contact as well as the accusation. "I... I'm Anna and I don't know what you're talking about. Besides, at least I'm wearing something! You're running around the dorm naked!"
"Just the basement. Not the dorm... yet." Jaina then moved back and deftly undid the sash on Anna's robe, pulling it wide open and exposing her to the room. Anna had firm, B cup breasts capped by dark, fully erect nipples. They were thick, long and quivering as they were exposed to the air. Her slit was shaved bare. "And you are one to talk. That robe hides nothing, barely covers you, and you're naked beneath it. You might as well lose it."
Anna stood there for a moment in shock before closing her robe back up. "Like I said, I didn't expect anyone to be up so it seemed a waste to get dressed again... I... I usually sleep naked, not that it's any of your business."
Jaina just smirked before going over to their machines and swapping the clothes over to the dryer. Once completed she directed Josie to sit atop the dryer, leaning back on her arms, legs spread graphically, her crotch and knub pressed against the top.
Anna watched mesmerized while also finishing loading her machine. So distracted by the display she forgot about her robe, causing it to spread open and expose her again. "What are you doing?"
Jaina's smirk spread as she looked at the unknowingly exposed vixen. If she kept stepping up her dominance, soon she'd have them both under her command. "Well my pet was nice enough to take care of me in the gym. So I was about to reward her." She turned on the dryer. As the machine built up its vibrations against her clit, Josie moaned and grinded against the top. "Here, let me show you." Before Anna could think about it too much Jaina moved in front of her, sliding the robe off before casting it aside, and positioning her atop the dryer she'd just filled the same way as Josie, and turning it on. Just as Anna was starting to be able to form a protest, the vibrations pressed against her clit, causing her eyes to roll back as she too began to moan and grind against the top of the machine.
Stepping back, Jaina watched as the two little subs cascaded through several orgasms each. She took several videos of the graphic performances, including their shuddering climaxes, before swapping off video and snapping dozens of photos for her collection showcasing every secret place and private reaction they'd least want others to see.
Finally the machines stopped and the two slid off, barely coherent. Jaina unloaded the clothes into baskets including Anna's robe, before handing them each one and leading them back upstairs. The two were too spent to even realize that they were still naked, although the two nerdy boys they passed in the stairs did take notice of the three bare girls with an ironic abundance of clothes they carried. Jaina paused and let them take a few pictures of each of her subs although she denied them any of herself.
Jaina was able to establish that Anna lived down the hall from them. Walking past Anna's room she unlocked the door, placing her basket inside, before pulling Anna along into their own room. She put her and Josie's baskets out of sight. Finally she pulled out a second collar with a ring and strapped it on Anna's neck before pulling the pair into her bed. Visions of role playing in that classroom with her new toys danced through her head as she drifted off to sleep.
At least until about 20 minutes later when the three were jolted awake by the blaring of the fire alarm...