Nigkala Tales Pt. 14: The heights of Ecstasy
Getting it on, way up high
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
For the last month, I have been researching ways to get my friend's brother's body retrieved from Mount Everest. The cost was not as much as I thought, but finding someone to actually do it was going nowhere. I spoke to my husband about it. "Filipe, do you have any ideas on how I can convince someone to fetch the body?"
"Without using your ability to force someone, the only thing I can think of is appealing to their greed. You have already learned that doing a favor is not going to work."
"My gift might make them do it, but without testing and abusing people, I don't see it lasting the two months or so, needed to go up and come down with a body. As for greed, the amount of gear carried plus a body is too much for anyone I contacted about it. It just is too much for anyone to carry. Having a second helps, because they can transfer some gear, but that makes it harder since you need two people who work as a team."
"So greed is out."
"Yeah. This is really important to him. I want to help him if I can."
Filipe was silent for a while. Then he said, "Becky Sue, would it be possible for you to do it? I know you are strong enough to carry a lot. But I don't know how well you might be able to do it."
"I should go? And you are okay with this?"
"You should consider it. As to being okay, I know you will be distraught until you find a solution. You are also careful, as shown by how many stunts you have done and how little you have been hurt. You also have access to some divine gifts that might be useful."
"I will have to think on this for a while."
A few minutes later, I was downstairs in the gym working out. As I zoned out doing reps and such, I used the time to consider the positives and negatives of doing this myself. By the time I finished, I decided to do it. I knew I needed some more experience in mountain climbing, so that was where I would start.
I contacted a local club to learn who was a good trainer, and where would be good local climbing conditions for high altitude climbing. Over the next week, I met several teachers to see who was most suitable. I settled on Rick Graves, a retired extreme climber. Although he was missing a hand, he had experience climbing some high mountains, and specialized on high angle climbing. Our first face to face meeting was in two weeks. He had sent me a list of items to have and bring. Another thing in his favor was working with my schedule.
We met mid-morning at his climbing studio. I asked the first person I saw where I could find him. I then headed over. "Hello, are you Rick Graves?"
The man turned around and said, "Yes I am, little, um... not so little lady. How can I help you?"
"I'm Becky Sue Tate, and I called about lessons."
"Not what I expected."
I smiled and said, "I get that a lot."
"You did say you were tall, but I didn't think you would be that tall. So what experience do you have?"
"I'm an actress, and I recently had to free climb a three hundred foot cliff outside Mexico City."
"No stunt double?"
I indicated my height. "How many stunt doubles do you think I have?" I smiled again. "I trained two weeks to do that."
"Not much training, then. Hmm, let's see how you do on the wall." He led me over to one side, where there was a forty-foot-high, fake wall for people to climb. "Let's hook you up, and see how well you do." He hooked me up, then said, "Use any color protrusion."
I proceeded to climb, and as I did, he took up the slack on the line. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see him looking up my skirt. I rang the bell up top, and descended. "What are the different colors for?"
"That is for testing your skill. Any color is Beginner level. You did that nicely. Look over at this console for a moment." I did. "You can see the path you took. This also shows what colors you used, and your time. For now, ignore the time. Do it safely. This time, go up, but don't use any red grips."
I went up, almost as quickly as before. The reduced speed was due to having to verify I didn't use any red grip. "How's that?"
"Good. That was Student level. Again, but no red or orange." I went up, rang the bell, and then back down. "Intermediate level. Again, without the yellows, either." *ding* "Experienced level, nice. Now without green ones." *ding* "Advanced level, and you haven't slowed down."
I grinned and said, "Well, I do have a long reach." I also noticed several people had gathered around to watch.
"True. Now without blue, that is only using the black ones." *ding* I got some applause from the watchers when I came down. "Damn, Expert level on your first attempt. And fast. It's clear this wall is no challenge to you. But the real world is another matter. Let's go to my office, and see the gear you brought." There went my audience.
Once there, he had me lay everything on a table where he examined it. Finishing, he said, "Good. Put it on, and then follow me outside." He put some gear of his own on, and then led me out back, which was at the base of a series of steep rock faces. "These steep hills are good for learning, mainly because your fall will be slowed down as you slide down, rather than falling straight down. You will likely get beat up, but unlikely to lose your life from a fall. My lack of a hand means I cannot easily show you how to do what you need to do, but I have learned to explain in detail. So listen carefully, and do as I say. I can test your work with one hand."
He started out with simple knots, and how to set chocks for handholds. He had me climb up and down a few body-lengths to get used to how it works. Next, he showed me how to use a crack as a surface to push off and pull on at the same time, allowing ascent. I was dubious at first, but even one-handed, he managed to climb up a foot. Then he had me do it. My body was saying 'That's not natural, it hurts!', but it worked. He had me climb up only ten feet before coming back down.
The next trick he taught, was using friction to climb. He led me to the back of the building, where there was a movable fake wall making a parallel wall opposite a fixed one in the corner. It made a 'U' shape, with a variable distance between the upright parts of the 'U'. There was a fake rock surface on each. He set it to about a foot. Sliding sideways into it, he proceeded to climb ten feet using friction from the soles of his feet, his knees, his butt, and his hands. "Don't need a hand on this one, as the pressure makes the friction." He came down and had me do the same. I took ten times as long to get two feet up. "Good enough for now. Out."
Next, he made it two and a half feet wide. This time, the friction was his soles and his butt or hands. Again, he went up and down quickly. On my turn, it was fairly easy, if a tad cramped. "You don't get to choose how wide the crack is, so tough about being cramped." Next he set it to seven feet wide. This time he put his feet on one wall, and hands on the other, and demonstrated walking up that way. Before letting me try it, he widened it out to nine feet. "You're too tall to try at seven feet, but this should be better." He was right. Walking up wasn't too hard, but I could see you could not rest as easily as you could in some other setups.
"That's it for opposed force, now comes a tougher one." He set the width to ten feet, as far as it could go. "I don't think I ever had anyone who might be able to climb a ten-foot width before, but you just might." He smiled. "But this time, you only get to use two adjacent sides. We'll use the fixed ones, as it may need more pressure, and they have far less give." He then showed me how it was done. Me, I kept slipping after only a few feet.
"Sorry, it's just not happening."
"That's okay. Today was to introduce you to the various non-destructive ways of climbing. Further sessions will be devoted to the various ways I showed you today. When you have mastered these, I'll teach you the destructive ways, such as hammering in pitons and setting lines."
"Oh, much better."
"Your size means I will have to find places better suited for your scale. The rock doesn't care, but the forms are best in certain ranges, and I am less familiar with the ranges you need. Now, back to the office." We went there. "Take your gloves off, I want to see your hands." He examined them. "Good, no damage. Look at my hand. See all those calluses? That has come from a lifetime of climbing. You have some calluses, so you likely won't have trouble." We set up a schedule, and then he sent me to the locker room to shower. There was also a shared sauna, so I entered, took my towel off and sat naked in the sauna. I was the only one naked. I used their desire to see if my breasts were real, to get them to play with my entire body. While I never had sex in the sauna, I was often invited for some play after.
It took several months, but I mastered all the skills he taught me, even the corner ascent. "Thank you, Rick. I have a confession to make. I want to climb Mount Everest."
"Aiming high, both literally and figuratively, aren't you."
"Not for myself, but for a friend. Suffice it to say, I need to make the climb, and I selected you for your knowledge in extreme climbing."
"I see. But I cannot take you on the needed training climbs. You may not have chosen well."
"I considered that. I believe you can train me in the fundamentals that I really need, as one of the best to do so. You can then hook me up with an experienced climber for the actual training climb. We would both have full comm. gear so you could see and hear everything, commenting on the way. You could also use a scope to see us across the distance."
"Hmm, interesting twist on teaching you have there. I am willing to try, but no guarantees."
"Reasonable."
Over the next year and a half, we continued training. I had some breaks to make a pair of movies, but we worked around it. Finally, he said, "You are truly tenacious. You listen, and learn, much better than most of my students. You also have given back to me the thrill of climbing, even if only fleetingly. For that, thank you." I promised to send postcards when I finally tried.
My next step, was to talk to the folks at Red Horizons. I figured I had some pull with them as we worked together to invent space sex. I connected with some of the same people I had worked with before. After some negotiation, I eventually contracted them to make me a hang glider that could be reconfigured into a tent. It had to be instrumented and be able to carry me, my Everest pack, and a frozen body. When in the tent configuration, it had to handle me sleeping in it on Everest. Lastly, it had to be something I could carry on my back. This last was perhaps the tightest requirement, as more weight meant I would tire easier. I already had calculated how much I would be carrying without a tent.
I got weekly status updates, but let them do their stuff. The first task was to determine the total weight the glider would carry, and add a buffer, with a result of six hundred pounds. Next was to come up with a glider capable of carrying that weight and also configurable into a tent. Then came the determination of what materials to use. This was one of the hardest tasks, as flight wants thin, but camping wants thick. They found something nice, but it was expensive, and asked me to okay it. I did. Then came the mock-ups. Fabricated of cheap materials, and loose tolerances, they worked on how well they worked practically. I had to visit a few times so that I could try it out. I brought the pack I had selected for the trip, filled with fake supplies of a suitable weight.
Good thing I did. Their first packed form utterly failed, and so did the next one. Then they had the idea of splitting the packed form in two, one for each side of my pack. The next problem was the pole length. They assumed a seven-foot pole would be acceptable. Just hiking, we quickly learned that anything much below my butt or above my head didn't work, so that meant no more than four feet. The containers became carry bags for the glider. The center most part of the wing became the tent base, however, they said it was the most vulnerable to wear. To assist, they made my cocoon out of a sturdier material, and also the body bag I would need. These would also serve as ground insulation and protection.
Once it was ready for testing, I spent a few weeks learning the fancy device. I routinely flew at the local flight club with a dummy weight, and camped overnight with company in tent form. Returning it, they made a number of tweaks to make it easier to use. Another week of testing, and it passed. They wanted me to keep records on my trip, so they could use it to advertise a specialty-market version. The idea of gliding and camping looked like a possible niche-market.
The final part of my plan, was to join a trip that would go very close to where his brother lay, and to also contact the survivors to learn firsthand about their trip. It was almost time for the ascents, but that left too little time to organize things. I decided next year's season would be better. I got lucky this year and did three films. I also did some training by carrying an increasingly heavy pack as I did laps in my home gym. I also wore weighted armbands and leg bands at home. Filipe got that idea from a cartoon series.
Since I felt it was going to get a fair bit of publicity, Filipe and I decided to make an investment as part of the deal. I would be passing through six tiny towns that had little infrastructure, so I researched and came up with a plan to send a pocket industry to each. A pair of cargo containers would contain a lot of solar cells, a pair of battery storage units, an extendable, cell-tower mast, an oxygen collector, and a satellite hub for voice and internet. These containers also had sufficient fixtures to make them into a home. They just needed assembly. The container homes would house the families that ran the pocket industry. They would sell the collected oxygen, by refilling containers. The foundation I created, Nigkala Service, a non-profit, would run the units. Another company, Nigkala Communications, ran the cell and internet services for profit, paying for power from the units. These units started arriving and becoming operational two months before I was to arrive.
The time came to leave for Kathmandu in Nepal. The long trip was relieved by a number of mile-high encounters. En route, I kept aware of the air we were flying through. Anytime I sensed turbulence ahead, I used my power to smooth it out. I spent a week in Kathmandu, smoothing out all sorts of bureaucratic issues, and to acclimatize to the altitude and time zone. Getting laid nightly was a bonus. Next was a flight to Lukla, with more bureaucracy and acclimatization. Then I took the standard tourist trip to the launch point of Gorak Shep. Each little town, I checked in on its pocket industry, to see how they were working out and to take notes on what they needed.
At the last stop, I exchanged my tourist backpack for the custom one I had sent with the containers. A lot of people were surprised. I stayed there a week rather than the normal two days. I had reserved the whole room, which normally slept two, yet I never spent a night alone. The next-to-last day, the press arrived in the form of three reporters. I gave interviews to each, indicating I was doing a favor for a friend, and that they might want to stick around, as I expected some interesting things to happen on my trip. I also posed for each of them, including some naughty poses. They all took pictures of me leaving this tiny town. The scandal sheets had a field day from me being so covered up.
Our first stop was a local shrine, to pray for a good climb. As the ceremony proceeded, I felt a presence below. I knew the story of Inanna and the Mountain, and I was her priestess. I desired no quarrel, so I projected my own presence, and desire for peace. Without words, I felt the question, 'Why?' So I projected the sense of a fallen climber, and my desire to return his body to his family. I then felt a grudging permission and watchfulness.
Most backpacks for topping Everest run about sixty to seventy pounds. Mine was a hundred fifty, most of which was my 'tent'. I got a few comments on its construction, but I just said I needed something special that fit me. I also offered to share with anyone who wanted to spend a night in a larger tent, as there was room. They quickly learned that I slept in the nude, and enjoyed sex. The added space, with benefits, overcame any reluctance. As I was the only female in the party, no one complained. As we climbed, I occasionally felt the mountains' presence watching me. Sometimes even my dreams seemed to replay my life, although they seemed to miss my trip to the past.
It was at the Khumbu Icefall that people realized I was unusually strong. The person ahead of me slipped and fell from about halfway up. While he was roped to the party, my quick reactions that planted my ice pick and then catching him single-handedly, allowed me to save him from death. But it was when I pulled him by wrapping his line around my glove to bring him back up until he could assist by holding onto me that surprised even the Sherpas.
That incident also established a fair bit of respect for me by everyone, as they had thought I was just a rich tourist. Another bit of respect was my ability to sense a weather change well before it became a problem. That took almost two weeks, before they trusted my weather warnings as the real thing. It saved us some trouble, as we avoided traveling when the weather would turn us back. Late at night, I would cause a camp-wide increase in air pressure. Not much, but helping a little with the altitude. I found that my air blessing meant that I barely noticed the low pressure, or the cold. I still acted as if I did, so the others wouldn't notice.
It was on the way to Camp Three, that trouble struck. One of the climbers started to feel pain in his abdomen. We all helped out, by assisting his climbing, but we were about an hour from the camp when he collapsed and could not get up. We got his pack off to help, but it wasn't enough. Everyone was asking our leader, Edmund Smythe III, what we were going to do. After five minutes, I called for silence.
"Edmund. It is clear that Raphe cannot go farther. You have been up here before. Tell me, how difficult is the climb from here to the camp?"
"The climb, although strenuous, isn't too difficult, but it is beyond him. Why?"
Rather than answer, I just walked up to Raphe, bent my knees, and picked him up. "You all get his stuff, I will carry him." I started up the trail.
Edmund shouted, "Hey, there's no way you can carry him all the way!"
"Watch, and see just what being the warrior, Nigkala, means." I set a slow and steady pace, the same we had been going before his pain.
"Who is Nigkala?"
I said nothing, but one of the others indicated I was the actress that played the Sumerian Warrior in the movies. While they discussed that, I called out, "Get his gear!" I also used my power to slowly increase the air pressure around the two of us, so we could breathe easier, even with the supplemental oxygen.
Edmund took charge, and quickly divvied his gear among the rest, then followed. A few minutes later, he caught up to me as I had stopped. "Problem?"
"I don't know the way. Please take the lead."
"You okay carrying him?"
"Go. The sooner we get there, the sooner I can rest. Go."
He was taken aback at my command tone, but complied, although slower than before. He kept on looking back, only to see me close behind. After another five minutes, he sped up to our normal pace, and saw I was keeping up. He continued looking back, but with longer and longer intervals.
When I sighted the camp, I said, "Lead me to where you want me to put him down."
"Huh? Okay." He rushed over to the tent with a red cross, reached in and pulled out a tarp and spread it out on the flat place in front of it.
I went there and carefully placed Raphe on it. I walked to the far edge of the tarp and took my backpack off and laid it on the ground. Then I sat down on the edge of the tarp and closed my eyes. "I'll rest here for a while."
Further examination revealed Raphe was in more pain than before. Edmund called over the head Sherpa and told him to get everyone settled. He also called Jules over, as he had the most medical training. I paid attention as I rested. I even heard them on the radio calling in his symptoms. A bit later, I heard some others talking.
"Wow, her backpack is heavy."
"It can't be that heavy. Let me get it. Oh! I can barely lift it, and she's been carrying it the whole time?"
"Yeah, and the last hour she also carried Raphe. She sure is strong, but the endurance. Epic."
"Hey, you guys, get her pack to her tent."
"Edmund, it's too heavy."
"What?"
"We both tried lifting it. No way either of us can move it that far."
"Idiots, each of you take an end."
"D'oh!"
I didn't show any reaction, but I enjoyed that exchange. I had trouble keeping the smile off my face. But what had me concerned was Raphe. It was sounding serious. A few minutes later, the person on the radio was certain it was appendicitis. Edmund called everyone together in the biggest tent, leaving only Jules to attend him.
He touched my shoulder and said, "You too, Becky Sue." I opened my eyes and stood, stretched, and headed there also. Once we were all inside, he spoke, "I have bad news. Raphe has appendicitis. Worse, while Jules is a good medic, this is beyond his skill, even with a radio assist. We are too high for a helicopter evacuation. Despite the heroic effort to get him here, we cannot carry him down to camp two where he could get evacuated before he is beyond help. I fear he will die here in the next twenty-four hours."
There was a great outcry, and a lot of talk, but it only lasted a few minutes. Edmund dismissed everyone, but I stayed. "I said you should go to your tent and get settled in."
"No. My priorities have changed. The living come before the dead."
"What do you mean?"
"You know I came for a friend, to leave a token at his brother's body, and double check for his family ring."
"Yes, but what does that have to do with this."
"You have also noted my unusual tent, and no doubt heard my pack was quite heavy?"
"Again, yes, but so what?"
"What you don't know is that my tent is not exactly a tent. It is also a hang glider."
"You were going to fly down? That's dangerous. The winds will likely kill you."
"I know the danger, but I am an expert glider. But that was not my plan. This particular glider is oversized, intended to carry two. I was going to bring my friend's brother down with me."
"That... should be... impossible, but you knew that."
"I prepared more than you know. But Raphe comes first. I can carry him instead."
"You... could get him down while he can still be helped?"
"I believe so. But landing on the mountain would be tricky. I will head for Lukla. They have a hospital there, and I can land at it. I will need its GPS coordinates, and I also want you to radio ahead. My call sign is 'BB Packet'."
"That's an odd name."
"Charon's boat is called the 'Broad Bottom Packet', and I came to ferry a dead man home. It seemed appropriate."
"That it is. What should I tell the others?"
"Tell them I have a plan to save his life, but wait until people recognize the shape. And keep them at a distance, as I will need the space to work. I will not be taking his pack, and I will leave my consumables here for you all to share."
"Okay. Thanks."
I then left, found my tent and pulled all my consumables and left them in a pile on the tent floor. I then brought my pack out and went near to where Raphe was. Pulling off the hang glider, I quickly assembled it. Soon a crowd gathered, but Edmund kept them out of my hair. When the glider was ready, I called two Sherpas over to hold it for me. I then got out the body bag, and had Edmund help me stuff Raphe in. I zipped it almost all the way up, leaving a small amount to breathe through. I then lifted Raphe up and directed Edmund how to hook it up to the craft. Once up, I checked everything.
I got under it, grabbed hold, and asked the Sherpas to let go. When they did, I stood up. I kept the nose level, so I would not catch any wind, and slowly walked forward. As I did, I felt the air about me for the best configuration of wind, and headed for that edge. I walked all the way to the edge, so I could see it, and then quickly backed up, so the wind wouldn't catch me just yet. While the wind was blowing up, I wanted to run into a gust, so I used my power, and when I felt it was right, I ran forward, leaping off at the last moment. I dropped maybe five feet before the gust sent me skyward fifty feet. I used that distance to get farther away, and headed into the wind. This let me gain a tiny amount of height, but get a lot farther away.
Those first few minutes were busy, and I used all my skill to gain distance away from the ground in any direction. When I got about two thousand feet away, the turbulence lessened. At four thousand, it nearly disappeared. At five thousand I looked at the GPS, and headed directly away from the mountain, and picked up speed. I also used my power to augment my flight. Soon, I was going nearly seventy miles an hour towards Lukla. The mountain fell behind, and I brought my altitude down by half.
Twenty minutes later, I spotted the town. Checking my GPS constantly, I changed course to the hospital, and dropped to two thousand feet. Once over the city, I constantly check my position and for other aircraft before finally spotting the hospital. I aimed for the helipad. I had to circle twice to lose enough altitude, but I landed with a flair. Two orderlies came running up with a gurney. I told them to grab hold of the glider's frame, so I could disconnect. I then lifted Raphe and directed one to disconnect him. I placed him on the gurney and unzipped the bag. I carefully lifted him out to get the bag off of him. Then I went back and grabbed the frame. I then told them I would come inside after I had finished out here. They left quickly and took him inside.
I walked off the helipad and onto the nearby grass, where I broke down the glider. But first, I took off the cold weather gear and put it into a spare bag. I then attached that bag to the back of the backpack, and attached the glider to the sides. I put the backpack on, and then followed Raphe into the hospital. I learned he was in surgery, so I went to the waiting room. I took a break to use the nearest restroom to change into fresh clothes, and to wash up as best I could. Two hours later, someone came.
"Ms. Tate, Raphe is out of surgery, and recovering in intensive care."
"How is he?"
"We got him in time, but it was close. It will be a few hours before we can tell if he can be moved out of intensive care."
"Thank you. I will go get something to eat, but will be back after."
"Yes, ma'am."
Getting directions to the nearest place to eat, I wound up on the ground-floor cafeteria. I don't remember what I got, but found myself in the waiting room. Nearly four hours later, an orderly came for me.
"Ms. Tate, Raphe is recovering now. Would you like to visit him for a bit?"
I got up and said, "Yes."
"Please follow me."
I soon found myself in a room with four beds in it. "Raphe?"
I heard a quiet, "Over here."
I went to him. "Looks like you made it."
"Yeah. And I couldn't even enjoy the view."
"Take it from me, it was spectacular." I turned to the aide who was still there. "How long will he be here?"
"Several days. Then it will be rehab for him, but he will likely do that back in wherever he came from."
"I see. Thank you." With that, the aide left.
Raphe and I talked quietly for five more minutes before he said he was too tired, so I said goodbye. I sought out a nurse to learn more. I learned that his appendix had not burst, so that the trauma was less than it might have been. The surgery itself causes its own trauma, and that will likely be what will take the most time. I then returned to Raphe's side. Then I had an idea. Inanna said I could heal, so I got my phone out to look up what all is involved in treating appendicitis. I learned of the cuts, the removal of tissue, and the putting everything back together.
When I was ready, I asked, "Queen Inanna, you have said I can heal. My friend, Raphe, has been hurt. While the doctors have fixed him up, his recovery will be long. I want to shorten it if I can, but I don't want others to think it anything but luck, which means he will still have a scar, and take some time. Can you guide me?"
"I shall. And I will teach you, as I do, so that you can provide substantive healing without visible effect. Let us begin." I felt her enter my mind, and I felt my hand move over the wound. I began to visualize his body. As I concentrated, the vision changed, and I realized it was changing to match what it was actually like. My attention was drawn to the deepest part of the wound. She then gave me another vision of what it should be like. She then instructed me to will the one vision to become the other. I took the time to be sure I focused carefully to ensure I did no harm. As the vision began to change, I could feel a flow of power out of me. I concentrated harder, and felt the flow increase, and affect a larger area. I pushed again, and even more came under my touch.
I also noticed a slight sloppiness in my control; I felt I must be at the edge of my control. I kept up my efforts until the deepest part of the wound was healed. Shifting my focus, I moved to portions closer to the surface and worked there. As that part healed, I moved on to the next area. As I neared the surface, I stopped short of full healing. At last, I felt I had done all I could without leaving any sign.
"Daughter, you have done well. Your attention to detail has helped you heal. Even your research helped, because it gave you a path to follow. Rest now, and be happy."
I went back to my chair and rested. I could feel the stress within me start to unwind. After a half hour, I realized I needed sleep. So I got up, and headed for the lobby. Once there, I asked about hotels, and got directions. I got a room, took a shower, dried off and went to sleep.
"Priestess, you show remarkable qualities, the qualities of a true queen. You came to this mountain to help a friend. You delay that quest to help another who could not wait. Then you even aid in the healing he needs. You have shown yourself worthy to be mine. So I have decided to grant you a small boon."
"Lord An? I must do what is right. I have done what I can for Raphe, and so I will plan my ascent for next year."
"No, for that is why I gave you my boon. Your party is experiencing weather that prevents travel. I shall send you winds to lift you back to them. But you must leave in the next few days, for their resources are limited."
"Thank you, Lord An." Suddenly, his presence was gone, and I woke refreshed.
I took a long shower to enjoy it while I could. I returned to Raphe's side, and found the staff was very happy about his condition. They even let me give him the good news that he would be returning home later today. We ended up chatting nearly half an hour before we had to part.
While we chatted, I also thought about returning. I took a cab to an outdoor market where I could buy fresh food. I got about fifty pounds of fresh fruits and vegetables, forty pounds of fresh meat, twenty pounds of pastries, and forty pounds of oxygen tanks. Back at the hotel, I packed everything in my pack, and body bag. I went down to eat a big lunch, collected my bags and checked out. But rather than exiting through the lobby, I went to the top floor with a manager, who let me onto the roof. He watched as I set up my hang glider. When I was ready, I lifted it and focused on the air to see the way it moved. I also scanned the sky for other craft and saw none. That was when I sensed a cold front coming. This would cause the air to rise quickly, and aid me if I could catch it. I smiled and jumped off the edge.
I had timed it perfectly, and dropped less than a foot before the wind took me. The heat of the city made the initial ascent quick, but the movement of the front carried me from the city. I wound up nearly two miles high when I came to the mountains. There I looked for winds to take me up the mountain, and toward the camp. An didn't make it easy for me, but did provide the winds I needed. The final part did worry me a little, as the camp was on a flattish area, but not actually flat. However, someone was keeping watch as the storm over the camp was breaking up. I was spotted, and everyone came out. They didn't realize it, but they made it harder to find a landing spot.
I was within a hundred feet of the ground when I noticed a large boulder I could land on. It stuck up about five feet from the ground. It was a small target, but I felt I could land on it. I managed to flair at just the right time and landed lightly on the boulder. Everyone rushed to meet me.
"Give me a hand to get down." They helped me down. I rested one wing on the boulder, and went to get the body bag. "Help me with the groceries."
"Groceries?"
"Yes. I figured if I was going to take the quick way up, I might as well bring supplies. I got a lot of fresh food in that."
"What of Raphe?"
"We got there in time. They operated and fixed him up. He is even well enough to be released for rehab, and should be heading home sometime today. Okay, enough talk for now, I need to pack the glider." I quickly packed it, but didn't put it with my backpack yet. Leaving the glider in my tent, I went to the cook tent. There I spoke with one of the cooks, and we soon unpacked my backpack to get the food I had there. We planned to have dinner with some of the fresh food I brought. Lastly, I sought out Edmund.
"Edmund, in addition to food, I also brought oxygen. I don't know who needs what, but I am adding it to the camp supplies, so you can give it out as needed."
"How did you know?"
"Know what?"
"Two idiots didn't pack the required amount, and we were worried. How much?"
"Forty pounds. Not that much, but it could make a difference."
"It will. Thanks."
"Don't let the others know it's here. If they think they are short, they will be more careful with it."
"You're right. Come; let's rejoin the rest, and you can tell everyone about Raphe."
We did just that, and I spent nearly an hour telling and retelling what I knew, and about the trip. At dinner, there was a big spread, and everyone was surprised at the nice desserts. Many thanked me. Edmund announced that if the weather held, we would leave in the morning.
It was near Camp Four that Jack was laid to rest. Arriving there, we were tired, and went to our tents. I took the time to visit the grave briefly.
Returning to my tent, Edmund asked, "Will you be leaving now?"
"Not quite yet. Now that I'm this far, I might as well go that last bit. Since it will be up and down in a day, I won't need to carry the glider, so I will be much lighter."
"Yeah. I heard about that. How heavy is it anyway?"
"The glider is about ninety pounds. It is actually on the light side for what it does, but I paid dearly for the reduced weight."
"You have told us why, but how are you able to carry so much?"
"I have spent a lifetime becoming strong. But strength is not just power, but also endurance. I don't compete, but I suspect I would be a world-class weightlifter. I know my maximum lift is comparable. But I also do a fair amount of running in my home gym. For the last year, I have been training to carry the weight of my gear, knowing it was very heavy."
"You are full of contradictions. You act the playboy, sorry, playgirl, but you go to great efforts to prepare. The gear you have is nearly new, yet shows wear. You know how to climb, and show a level of skill unexpected in an amateur. You are like no one I have ever met."
"Part of my act is just that: an act. As a movie star, I am expected to live larger than life, yet I have a loving husband and many children. I have managed to get the paparazzi to focus on my public life, but leave my private life, private. One of the biggest reasons they invade a star's private life is to get revealing pictures. Since I do that in public, they don't bother to try for the private stuff. In fact, I do it so much; they can't get as much for my pictures as they get from other stars."
"Well, we'll be here a day to get used to the air, then leave late the next night to ascend."
"Okay, I'll be ready."
Edmund left to attend to other duties. I spent the time talking with the others, and we enjoyed the last of the fresh food. The next day, we went to sleep immediately after lunch, so we would be rested when we left that night. I left the glider behind, and we began our ascent of the last bit. The weather was curiously calm, and we made good time. We each got pictures taken at the summit. I even got a few extra when I flashed my boobs. The cold meant my nipples were quite prominent. The trip back to Camp Four was uneventful. The next day was supposed to be a rest day, to enjoy the sights, but I spent it disassembling the cairn covering Jack and the other four, removing his body, and reassembling the cairn.
I felt moved to speak to An. "Lord An, you have kept me safe here where your realm meets the land. You have also kept these bodies safe. Thank you. Please continue to keep them safe, and keep me safe as I bring Jack home."
I did not think he would answer, but he did. "Priestess, I have heard you. They and you shall be safe."
I bowed my head in respect. "Thank you." I waited reverently a few minutes, and then placed Jack into the body bag. As I did, I felt the mountain presence again. This time, far more focused.
"You have done as you indicated, and show reverence. You feel like Inanna, yet you also are touched by An. Do you seek some boon? Do you desire my respect as Inanna did Ebih's?"
"I came here for this body only. For myself, as I was very near the peak, I went as others have to show I, too, was able to achieve this. I have all I came for. Soon, I will be leaving you to return the body to his family. I want nothing from you that you do not want to give. All I asked was peace, which you have shown. Thank you."
"On my flanks, you have helped my people with your devices. You have earned my respect. Place your hand in the ground, and grasp my stone, and pull it forth."
This last request seemed strange, but then, so is talking with a mountain. So I placed a hand on the ground and put some weight on it. Even though it was solid stone, my hand sunk into it. When I felt something solid about a foot down, I wrapped my fingers around it and pulled my hand out. When I looked at where my hand went in, there was no sign. Looking in my hand, I saw a small oval of obsidian, maybe an inch and a half by an inch. It looked like every other rock, yet I could sense a spiritual power to it.
"Take this token of my respect. I am not made to bend, but if you respect me, I shall return that respect. Please tell your lady I have no wish for trouble." I then sensed the presence fade. With its departure, I placed Jack's body outside my tent, so it would not thaw, and the stone into a pocket. I got up early to assemble the glider. Edmund called in my flight. I said goodbye to everyone. Finding the right location and moment, I launched.
I quickly found the right currents and soon was actually higher than the summit. But it allowed me to go farther from the mountain quickly. With no time constraint, I could take my time, and keep altitude as long as I could. Kathmandu is about one hundred miles away, and it took me three hours to go the distance. When I called air traffic control, they congratulated me and asked where I was going.
"I am headed to land at your airport. However, I would prefer to not contend with the other flights I see. I am in a hang glider, so cannot ascend easily, but I can land on a helipad or even a patch of ground. Please advise."
"Checking... You are not listed."
"I know. I did not know when I would be leaving, but I should have clearance."
"Found it. Unusual. Still, you do have clearance. Let's see where we can slot you."
As I closed, I was given a path and location to land. I was met by a luggage carrier and a pair of security officers. They asked me to go with them, as there were some irregularities. I looked them in the eye and said, "Okay, as soon as I pack up the glider." Twenty minutes later, I placed the glider, the body bag, and my backpack on the carrier, and we all went to the terminal.
As expected, the irregularities were minor, and when they learned that I had sent the pocket industries, they decided not to press charges. They did tell me to stay overnight, as there were several others that needed to see me. I asked if I could collect my travel gear, and ship off my current gear. They decided to drive me to the storage place, where I picked up my luggage. I sent the glider back to Red Horizons, so they could evaluate it, and see how it performed. I also sent the log I made about it. My next stop was the airport hotel to clean up and change, putting my expedition outfit in the backpack. I shipped it home, as I figured I could auction everything in it off to support some cause. I was not dressed in skimpy clothing, but rather almost normal clothes. It didn't take long for the paparazzi to realize that I was here, and had just come from the mountain.
One meeting was with the head of the Ministry of Tourism. He brought my certificate of accomplishment for climbing Mount Everest, and he also thanked me for saving the life of my fellow climber. He wanted a picture with me, but was unhappy about the staging until I suggested he stand, and I sit. That worked, and even allowed him to place a medal around my neck for saving a life. That it also let him look down my shirt was just a bonus. Another meeting was with the Minister of Economic Development. This woman thanked me for my pocket industries. In the short time they had been here, they have already proved themselves in promoting rural development. She asked me many details about the cost, and how she could get these for elsewhere in her country. She also wanted to know about other uses of electricity that could happen. I gave her contact information to the foundation, and said, as a non-profit, she would likely be able to get these at a discount, but her task would be to clear up red tape. She left happy.
Due to my sudden arrival, I could not get a plane to England until the next day. Having a frozen body in tow made it even more interesting. The paperwork on this side was eased by my celebrity for climbing the mountain, and on the London side by my aura of authority I used. I called John to meet me at the airport. I told him to come via public transport. He met me at the luggage area.
"Hello Becky Sue. What brings you here?"
"Remember I said I would do what I could about Jack?"
"Yes."
"I am awaiting one last delivery, but it will arrive later."
"What are waiting for?"
"Please sit with me over here." I patted a seat next to me. He looked at me oddly, but sat. "I have recovered Jack's body. Here is the family ring." I placed the ring in his hand.
"What!?" He sat stunned, and would have fallen had he been standing.
"Be at peace. Your family is whole now." I then pulled him close and hugged him. Soon I felt him sobbing quietly. "Customs need some time to deal with the body, and it won't be released for a day or so, but it is here. Your pain can now heal."
Quietly, he agreed, saying, "Yes. Thank you. Thank you."
When he settled down, I suggested we leave for my hotel. He nodded and followed me. I got a cab, and we went to my room. "I know this is sudden, but I could not allow you to wait more than needed. Is there someone to contact about laying Jack to rest?"
"The family church."
I got the contact info, and spent a few hours ironing out the details. They were rather surprised Jack's body had been recovered, but were able to handle things. I explained his frozen body would soon be delivered to a local funeral home for holding, while we decided the proper course. They could handle preparing the body, or another could. I asked the church what had happened the last time someone in his family had passed. Turns out that was two decades ago, and they didn't have records. I asked John what his wishes were. Eventually, I learned a quiet ceremony, with his closest friends, was desired.
While John made the decisions, he let me do all the legwork. I contacted Sally, the anthropologist I met at the wake, and got her to assist me with the details. The ceremony was a few days later at the church, followed by a slow walk to the family gravesite. While I was offered a place as a pallbearer, I declined due to my size disparity. That evening, I took him home, and I could see his pain had diminished greatly, and I believed it would depart soon. I told him I would leave in the morning.
Two days later, I was home telling Filipe about my adventure. He left my backpack in my office, as he didn't know what to do with it. I told him I would auction off the contents, and also the backpack, with certificates of authenticity to raise funds for some charity, eventually. My certificate of going to the summit would be placed with my other awards in the downstairs theater.
I did a number of interviews, on television, radio, and for magazines, but the capstone was the documentary that National Geographic did on me. I highlighted the skills of Rick Graves, as my teacher of mountain climbing. I also demonstrated the hang glider tent I used. Red Horizons got a plug from this. At the end of the documentary, they awarded me the Adventurer of the Year, for my part of the expedition. I think I had the most fun with the Playboy interview. They had me wear my expedition clothes, and do a strip for their photographer. But the best part was that they used my summit flash as the cover.
Unexpectedly, the pocket industry was rather profitable. And I wound up traveling the world as the spokeswoman for them.
But that is another story...