Tracy and I had some great sex in the weeks following our encounter at Fenway. Over time, though, that sexual charge began to wear off. We had fallen back into the old routine. Now I'm not complaining, anytime I get to have sex with Tracy I feel like the luckiest guy on earth. Not only that, but I fucking love this chick. She is the best companion any man could have. Every friend of mine has told me how lucky I am. That being said, our new sexual dynamic made me a bit nervous.
"Remember when I said I wanted to do that again?" Tracy whispered after we had sex one night.
"Yes, of course I do. I've actually been waiting for that shoe to drop." A surge of adrenaline shot through me. "Listen Tracy, watching you fuck another man was, and probably still is, my top sexual fantasy. I just want to be very clear, I am not going to be a fucking cuckold." There, it was off my chest.
"Babe, what the hell is a cuckold?" she said with a slight smirk.
"Man, we need to watch more porn together. A cuckold is a guy who sits at home cowering in a corner with his cock in a cage while his wife goes out and fucks anyone she wants, with or without him present. He may even be expected to eat out her pussy after some rando has filled her full of cum. All this while being utterly submissive and constantly humiliated." I said this all in one breath so I ended with a big inhale. I looked at Tracy trying to read her face. Finally it all seemed to come together.
"Oh God, that's not you at all!! You would fucking divorce me first. I would never ask that of you, my love. But I do want to have some more fun like we did at Fenway. That was intense."
I could tell her labido was revving up. I had to take control of this situation. "Would you like to hear some of my thoughts on this subject?"
"Go for it big guy!! Get the ball rolling and we'll see where this goes." She slapped me on my ass kind of hard.
"First of all, what happened at Fenway was very spontaneous. Something like that may never happen again. That means whatever happens will need to be planned and initiated by us. I also think we need some ground rules." I stayed silent to give her a chance to respond.
Finally, after a minute of contemplation, "Yes, I could see where some guidelines would be needed. What are you thinking about?"
"Well fuck. First of all, the main reason we are doing this is for me to watch you and for you to enjoy yourself. So I would say I should ALWAYS be with you if something is happening. Do you agree?" I had a knot in my stomach when it took her a full 5 seconds to start answering.
"I would say yes because I know this is non-negotiable for you, but I think we should leave any of these 'rules' (she holds up the air quotes) as being the jumping off point. We might want to change them in the future." She looked too confident and comfortable having this discussion.
"Ok, if we change a rule then we both have to be in agreement. For now and probably always, I will want to be there when it happens." This is starting to get me tense."And! I can stop the action if something feels dicey."
"I mean coitus interuptus is a pretty lousy thing to do. I don't think a little bit of jealousy should allow you to stop things."
"I agree, but in the throws of 'coitus', (I threw up the air quotes) you may overlook something dangerous and I just want us to be safe."
"Ok, I can live with that then." It looked like just talking about this was turning her on. I think she can't wait to get fucked by someone that isn't me.
"Now to broach another subject. Since you've had and will have sex with other men, am I allowed to have other women? Not that I want or need that." My questioning eyes were staring right into Tracy's beautiful eyes. 'God she is so fucking beautiful!!'
"Babe, I don't think I can handle that. At least not yet. I'm too afraid of thinking you don't love me anymore. Even this plan scares me to my soul. I love you too much to take risks but I want to do this for both of us." She was shedding tears at this point which made my insides melt.
"Babe, I'm sorry I brought that up. It just seemed like I needed clarification. I don't need anybody but you. When you fucked those guys it just made you even more hot and sexy than you already are."
Tracy sat with remnants of tears still in her eyes. After a few minutes she began, "We don't have to do this. We could just go on the way we are now. I'm content with keeping our marriage safe. You are the most important thing in my life."
"That sounds boring. I think our marriage is strong enough to withstand a little tension but lets start slow, ok?"
"Ok" she managed a smile that grew slowly into an excited chuckle.All I could think was that I had opened Pandora's box. Or in this case, Tracy's box.
= = = =
My best freind, Aaron, graduated the same year as me from Brocton High School. We didn't plan on going to the same college but we both ended up at Boston College. I studied biology and chemistry while Aaron was a computer science major. Two years later, Tracy arrived at BC and became freinds with us.
We were immediately infatuated with her. She was the quintessential woman. Not just fucking beautiful with her perfect tits and ass, but a fantastic personality. She and I hit it off right away. I'm sure Aaron was pretty pissed that I got to her first but he probably figured he would be up next after I blew it. That never happened though. We ended up getting married the year I graduated and Aaron was my best man.
I had a great job lined up with a pharmaceutical company. Once Tracy graduated we bought a house in New Hampshire not far from where we both worked. Tracy was working in the mental health/addiction business. Unfortunately there is high demand in this field so finding a job near home was pretty easy.
Aaron has finally landed a bride. It's hard to believe it took him this long since he makes 6 figures and he is a 'babe' as Tracy says. I thought he might be playing the field but he always struck me as a family type man. His bride to be, Trisha, is very beautiful. In fact she looks a lot like Tracy (but not as perfect, lol).
"Have you gone to get measured for the tux yet?", Tracy asked.
"Trace, I'm working my ass off right now trying to be ready to be on vacation. All I have done so far is book the rooms at Encore resort for the batchelor party." I exclaimed with exasperation.
"You are an idiot! Seriously, would you like some help? I have time to do some stuff for you." Tracy has always been very energetic and helpful to me or anyone that needs help, to a fault. It's one reason I love her so much.
"Fuckin A right, I'd love some help. Can you pick up all the liquor, beer, and food?"
"Sure, how about strippers? Did you line up something yet?" She was grinning at me like I had to admit whether we were getting strippers.
"I'm not sure that's a good idea. Some of the married guys might be under strict orders. Ya know?"
"Oh come on James! This is your best friend's batchelor party! You're the best man. Don't you think he'll be disappointed if there aren't strippers. What batchelor party doesn't have strippers? I can set that up too if you want."
"Fuck it! I guess you're right. Yeah, go ahead and set it up. Thank you so much for doing this for me, I owe you." I began thinking about something that hadn't been discussed yet. "So are there going to be strippers at the batchelorette party?"
Tracy smiled coyly. "I don't know for sure but if I know Sammy, this should be one hell of a party. She might even get those dancers that let you touch their cocks, suck their cocks, or even fuck. What would you think of that?" Tracy smiled broadly again.
"I'm not going to be there. That's rule number one, the only rule so far!" My mouth said that but my brain screamed at me how awesome it would be to watch her fuck a male stripper!
"Well, I'm not going to be at your party either. How do I know YOU won't fuck a stripper?" She had her thinking face on now. "Wait, I have an idea. What if we had video at the party so you could watch what happens?"
"Fuck! I won't be there but it's almost as good. Plus I can watch what all the other girls do. Wicked pissa, I'm in!" My dick was hardening just at the thought. "I know some security camera apps that would work nicely for this. The video is saved by the app so you won't run out of space on the phone. It also records audio. Plus, it can be opened by the other person to watch in real time without showing on the screen."
"That sounds perfect, but if I'm being watched then I want to watch you with the app too."
"I am not planning to fuck a stripper, but I can understand why you would want to watch. The only thing is that you would have to swear you won't tell anyone else what you saw. It's not fair to the guys if you leak info to their wives."
"Right back at ya, big guy!"
When I had finally finished at work and started my vacation my mind began to relax and think about things like how fucking awesome it was going to be to watch and listen to the batchelorette party. I know most of those women and I would love to see them doing naughty things. But most of all I couldn't wait to see what my naughty wife had in store for my entertainment. I didn't try to have sex with Tracy in the two days before the girls party so my dick would be longing for action and she would be primed. I think she had the same plan. Hopefully, I won't jerk it all night watching the action, but my track record says that's not likely.
True to form, I awoke the day of the girls party with morning wood after some erotic dreams about my sexy wife. The girls were having their party at the home of the Maid of Honor, Sammy. Sammy is one of Trisha's best friends that we have known about six months now. She certainly is a partier and has a very wild side. It's actually surprising that she's still single since she is very attractive but I think she wants it that way.
Tracy and I had tested the security video app we had added to our phones and found it to be very effective. She headed out for Sammy's house after lunch wanting to help with setting up for the party. On her way I hit the "watch" button on my app which opened her camera and microphone. She was obviously in a party mood with the sound system blaring Sublime and singing at the top of her lungs. I couldn't see anything since her phone was in her purse so I stopped eavesdropping.
I opened an app for buying tickets to events at the last minute usually much cheaper. Today I wasn't looking for cheap, I was looking for anything I could justify to myself or Tracy as reasonably priced tickets to the ALCS game 4 at Fenway against the Astros. Most of the tickets were outrageously expensive. I did however finally break down to spend a boat load on two tickets next to left field. The game is tomorrow so I'm hoping Tracy doesn't have too big a hangover.
After having a little lunch I couldn't resist going back on the app. Sure enough Tracy had arrived at Sammy's place and already had the phone setup so I could easily see the entire living room. Tracy and Sammy were going in and out of the room placing food around and bringing in wine and liquor to the small bar area that was between the living room and kitchen. Whenever Tracy passed by the camera she would give her fine ass a wiggle for me.
They both had started drinking what looked like red wine already. I could also hear pretty well their chit chat. "So are you seeing anybody these days?" Tracy asked Sammy.
"I'm fucking a few people once in a while if that's what you mean but nobody steadily. You would think I could find a steady partner easier since I'm bi." Sammy answered.
'Wait, what?' I had no idea she was bi-sexual.
My wife responded like she already knew this fact. "Yeah, but it must be nice being single and every other single person is in play. I'm just lucky I found such a great guy. I couldn't be happier." She said the last part louder in case I was already listening. I think she knew how excited I was about this and knew I was already there watching her.
The small talk went on for a while and they seemed to finish setting up faster than they thought. With an hour and a half before guests were due to arrive and several glasses of wine in them, the conversation came around to sex again.
Tracy asked, "So when you have sex with women, are you using dildos?"
"Yes, or we can do oral, scissoring, there's really a ton of things women can do for fun," she ended with a wicked grin.
"Hmmm, sounds like fun but I don't know if I could do the oral. I can taste myself but other women? I don't know."
I could tell by the way she wiggled in her seat she was getting wet talking about it. My cock was raging and I was cheering her on at my end. "Come on, Babe!!"
When I thought it was over, Sammy pulled out a large glass dildo. She showed Tracy saying, "This is one of my favorites."
"That looks a bit large for me" Tracy giggled as she turned pink in the face. "Bigger than James, that's for sure!"
"You want to hold it? It's not as big as it looks." Tracy went over and took it out of Sammy's hands without another word. She stared at it and caressed it with a look of longing.
"YEEEESSSS!!!!" I yelled at the top of my lungs.
"Go ahead try it out, nobody will be here for a while." Sammy was all smiles.
"Are you going to watch me?"
Sammy smiled widely and said honestly, "Well, I was hoping to if you don't mind."
"Ok, then come over here and help me pull my pants off."
It was so fucking erotic seeing another hot woman taking off my wife's pants. Once her yoga pants were removed Tracy looked straight into Sammy's eyes and slowly eased here panties down to her knees and let them fall to her ankles. She lifted one leg out and then kicked the panties toward Sammy with her other foot, giggling. Sammy caught them without taking her eyes off Tracy's crotch.
Tracy leaned back onto the couch looking at the dildo again with lust in her eyes. She brought it to her slit as Sammy looked on as if in a trance. I am certain now that Sammy has a thing for my wife. Oh how lucky am I?
With her eyes glued to Sammy's eyes, Tracy moved the hunk of glass slowly up and down her already wet labia. She rubbed it back and forth over her clit a few times then ran it back down to her hole. Her breathing was becoming audible. Finally she started to push it in as Sammy bit her bottom lip still looking totally mesmerized. She took some time to get it in her, slowly sinking it in. "Oh fuck, it's big!" I could see the pink insides of her pussy through the glass as I finally remembered to pull my dick out and started to stroke it a bit to make up for lost time.
Tracy was now pushing and pulling the dildo fully into her pussy. I could now actually hear her wet pussy sloshing around the glass. In a raspy voice Tracy said, "God this is so big, would you please show me how YOU use this? I don't have much experience with these." Caught off guard, Sammy jumped up awkwardly but quickly made it to right in between my wife's legs. She took the end of the dildo and slowly worked it into my wife's pussy. I could tell Tracy was fully engrossed in the action and most likely has forgotten that I'm watching. I could almost feel the electric shock she felt after Sammy took control of the dildo.
"OOOH, that's big, don't go too fast yet." Tracy said as a dew broke on her forehead. Sammy was being patient with her working of the dildo, slowly working it out and back in several times before starting to try to get a rythym going. I thought I saw her flare her fingers over Tracy's pussy as the dildo bottomed out. I could see her fingers brush over Tracy's mound.
Sammy scared me when she totally removed the dildo from Tracy but then brought it to her mouth and sucked on it. "MMmmm", she acted like it was the most delicious pussy she ever tasted. She reinserted the dildo, started pumping again, and put her free hand at the top of Tracy's pussy. She rubbed over her clit area with her fingers slowly which made Tracy start moaning loudly.
"My turn", Sammy said as she pulled it out of my wife. Sammy sat down, pulled up her skirt and pushed her panties to the side in order to plunge the dildo deep in her own pussy. Tracy now had the same trance look that Sammy had moments ago but for the first time turned and looked at the phone she had setup to watch. Now I knew she remembered that I was watching. I hope to God that makes her more aroused. I can now hear the wet sloshing of Sammy's pussy confirming that the show Tracy had put on was driving her crazy.
I had to stop touching myself. I felt like it was going to be a long night, I might need to ration my orgasms.
With Tracy still staring intently at her pussy, Sammy got a strong rythym of her own going. She was on the edge of climaxing when she pulled out and handed it to Tracy once again. "Taste it" she said in almost a whisper. To my amazement, Tracy brought it to her lips and licked it. I'm sure the powerful sexual charge of what was happening helped her to enjoy the taste when she said, "MMmmmore please."
In one quick motion Tracy fell to her knees in front of Sammy and pulled off her wet panties. Sammy had the sense to say, "What about your husband?"
"Trust me when I say he will be good with this. I will be telling him everything and he will fuck me hard and long afterward."
With that out of the way, Tracy tentatively put her tongue on Sammy's labia as she pulled them apart with her fingers. Before long she was enthusiastically licking up and down the slit. She, most likely purposely, had avoided Sammy's clit for the first few minutes and still had Sammy moaning loudly in ecstasy. When she finally landed on her nub with her tongue, she pulled her tongue in and covered her entire clit area with her mouth. I imagined her tongue rotating hard on the tiny jewel. It took literally 30 seconds for my wife to bring her to a full blown body shaking orgasm. "Oohhhhh!! FUUUUUCK!!! SUCK IT!!! UMMFFUCK!!"
Sammy took several minutes to recover. "You are good at that!." I could tell at this point that this was no ordinary encounter for our bi-sexual friend. Perhaps the fact that it was Tracy's first time with a woman made it more erotic to her. "Get on the couch." Sammy commanded, and Tracy complied, laying on her back with her legs down.
Sammy approached and pushed both her knees back while separating them. She put the dildo back into Tracy's pussy and began pumping again slowly. Her mouth slowly lowered toward Tracy's pussy. Tracy, obviously nervous and transfixed, held her trembling legs back awaiting the first female lips to touch her pussy. Instead, Sammy kissed her shaved mound and continued up her belly while continuing to fuck her with the dildo. Sammy used her free hand to push her shirt up over Tracy's head. Tracy took the hint and took off her own bra.
Now seeing my wife's perfect breasts starting to be sucked on by a woman was very hot. My cock was begging to shoot it's load. But when Sammy planted an erotic deep kiss on my wife and Tracy responded by grabbing Sammy around the neck to pull her into a more deep kiss. Well that just set me off. I began cumming all over myself. I was in heaven and my hot wife had brought me there. My wife is so hot but with another hot woman she is doubly hot.
Sammy raised up from the most erotic kiss I have ever witnessed or been part of, and kissed her way back down. She stopped with a very purposeful kiss on my wifes left nipple. She began licking around Tracy's areola and erect nipples. She then opened her mouth and began to suck hard on, what I'm sure Sammy now agreed, are the most perfect titties around.
Proceeding to kiss down her flat, sexy belly until she came back to Tracy's mound. Tracy was beginning to get highly aroused again and started to push her sex into Sammy's face. Sammy pulled out the dildo. As an apparent pro pussy eater, Sammy gave a quick lick to the clit making Tracy gasp loudly. She continued down Tracy's slit licking between her lips. When she made it to her hole she plunged her tongue deeply as if searching for something. Tracy gasped and tensed her body while throwing her head back. I could tell she was fully enjoying her first lesbian encounter. Sammy pulled her tongue out of her hole and replaced it with two fingers. Her tongue worked it's way back up slowly toward the ultimate goal. When she finally reached the edge of the clit area, Tracy was thrashing about like a fish out of water. Sammy finally worked adeptly on her clit, sensuously licking slowly over her nub and humming loudly, "MMMMMM, that's delicious." Her fingers pistoning in and out.
My cock was now fully back to life and I was feverishly jacking it. My wife was being serviced in front of my eyes and ears but miles away. Tracy thrashed about breathing eratically, moaning loudly, and letting out unintelligible grunts. She moaned, "OH YES, LICK MY FUCKING PUSSY!!" The erotic scene again had me shooting a load on my belly and chest. I was so in love with my wife at this moment. I wanted to go fuck her right now but I would have to wait. She started to quake and shiver arching off the couch, and violently thrusting her hips up, nearly knocking Sammy onto the floor. The two eventually layed naked next to each other embracing and kissing for a while.
The two put themselves back together and soon started greeting guests who were arriving. Most of the party goers were friends and relatives of Trish but a few, like Tracy, were friends of Aaron. Quite a few more people were invited to this party than the batchelor party. This is partly because it's doubling as a shower. So I watched with waining interest as Trisha opened gifts and the women all chit chatted while some were drinking heavily. A few gag gifts and dirty sex toy gifts were the highlight of the next few hours. Finally, all the gifts were done, and a lot of the older crowd made their departures.
"Ok, listen up everybody" Sammy shouted to get everyone's ear. "The strippers will be here in half an hour. If you aren't comfortable with that, ya might wanna leave now, sorry and thank you all for coming." A big cheer erupted from most of the younger girls and the last of the older conservative crowd began their goodbyes.
The house was now occupied by a bunch of drunk, horny wives and single girls waiting for strippers to arrive. And right on cue the doorbell rang. After Sammy spoke to them at the door for a second, a boombox started playing Michael Jackson and three men began dancing into the house. The women all began to whoop and holler as they entered the living room.
Somehow they knew who the bride was because they first gathered in front of Trish. The strippers were very good dancers as well. I was pretty impressed. I hoped they were making good money for the work they must put into it. Suddenly, they all ripped their tear away shirts off. Again the girls went wild and again I was impressed. They must workout every minute they have to spare. Each of them was a perfect example of a man's physique.
Again, on the specified beat of Billy Jean, the three ripped off their pants and now wore what I can only describe as a loin cloth. The undulations of their bodies was impressive as they started to bead up with a shimmer of sweat. I could see some large hunks of meat swinging around under the loin clothes which were tied on the hips in a bow. Well sure as shit one of the loudest girls pulled on the bow of the only black guy of the three and his loin cloth fell lightly to the carpet. Once again the group erupted in loud screaming as his impressive cock was out there for all to see. Soon some other women got brave enough to do the same so that all three cocks were dangling. I must say from my point of view they were very nice cocks for sure.
Tracy was certainly watching the action but I was expecting more from her. Some of the other girls were much more active. Sammy was goading the girls on to touch the goods, which occurred at precisely 9:16 pm EST. My erection officially started throbbing while several girls began to handle the very attractive rods these men had on display. All three eventually got hard and were receiving hand jobs. Again, Tracy was not in play. I was beginning to get a little dissapointed, but the earlier action was excellent and the current action was exciting. As other women were getting their lips around the very sweet cocks, I noticed that Tracy and Sammy were sitting next to each other. They were behind everyone else that was intent on the man action. They were holding hands!! It was so sweet to see, after the lustfull sex they had earlier, they were acting like school girls in love. At a very rowdy part of the show when everyone at the party was enthralled by the cocks in front of them, Sammy leaned into Tracy and gave her a passionate kiss. I was shocked and proud of how easily Tracy had adapted to girl on girl action.
The rest of the show was no interest to them or me. I was focussed on the woman I love and her changing relationship with Sammy. I didn't notice anyone going to a bedroom for privacy. The show ended and the girls separated to see people off. Again Tracy volunteered to stay later and help clean up the mess. At one point Tracy bent over to pick something up and wiggled her hot ass at the camera. Soon she picked up the phone for a minute to send me a text.
Tracy:Those guys were fake. I'm sorry but I had no interest in them. I hope you aren't mad.
James:Mad? I caught that show with Sammy. I'm not mad at all. You don't have to perform for me. You showed me what YOU wanted and I loved it.
Tracy:Thank you Babe. I love you so much.
Tracy put her phone back down with the camera still going. Behind her, Sammy walked in wearing a robe. Tracy turned around and pulled her in for a long kiss. They retreated back to the couch behind them. Tracy reached forward with praying hands and started at Sammy's upper chest. Her hands separated and her palms moved down over Sammy's breasts, gently rubbing her nipples and breasts. Sammy untied her own robe and allowed it to open.
I was again impressed by the beauty of this goddess. Her breasts were almost as perfect as Tracy's. They continued to kiss deeply while Tracy explored her tits. Sammy started taking off Tracy's clothes which consisted of just a t-shirt and pants. The moment Tracy's pants were off, Sammy plunged two fingers into her. Tracy pulled her own bra off. This was merely the warm ups though. After a few minutes of light moaning and exploring, Sammy reached behind her and pulled out something. I couldn't tell at first, but then it became clear that it was a strap-on.
When Tracy saw the strap-on, she smiled and said, "Ooooh,that reminds me of my husband."
"Any remorse or guilt about that?" Sammy asked as she dropped her robe and started putting on the strap-on.
"None whatsoever. I am 100 percent sure he is good with this."
Tracy knelt on the couch with her hands on the back ready for some doggy style. Sammy set up the dildo in front of Tracy's pussy. "Please fuck me" Tracy said in a gravelly voice.
"You got it babe", Sammy said as she lined up the head at her entrance and began to slide it in. She wasted no time plunging into Tracy's box. I could hear the wet sounds as Sammy began plowing in and out. She reached around with her hands to cup Tracy's perfect C-cup breasts, holding on to them to gain leverage. She began railing Tracy like I had never done. When she let go of her breasts, I noticed how fucking hot it is to see two sets of bouncing tits!
"Ohhh fuuuck, yes, fuuck meeeeee!! Ahhhh!!" Tracy was no doubt loving getting fucked by a woman and I was basking in the glory of seeing it all. I was frantically yanking my noodle as this unfolded. I thought about stopping since Tracy would be home in short order and I will want to ravage her slutty body, but stopping was not in the cards. Both Tracy and Sammy were now breathing hard and moaning loudly. Little did I know that a strap-on is stimulating to both parties. Sammy was now pounding at Tracy's pussy hard. My feverish strokes were closing in on an eruption.
"Ohh fuuck, yeah, you are so fucking hot, you slutty bitch", Sammy shouted. "You cheating whore!!" she spat.
That was it for me as I came all over myself again. Somehow my creepy brain came up with an idea while watching this wonderful show. What if, I thought, Tracy had a bluetooth earpiece so that I could coach her with suggestions on what to do next. I need to write that down.
As I began to unwind from my own climax, I could see Sammy tensing up, "Ohhh shit, oh fuck, AAHhhh." And she shook violently. Tracy's legs were slick with bodily fluids running down in streams.
Sammy was still pumping when Tracy finally hit her climax, "AAAAAAHHHH!!!" screaming like a banshee. She continued with intermitent tremors for about another 30 seconds. They finally collapsed into each others arms and rested for some time. Tracy finally got up and put her phone in her bag. All I could do now is wait for Tracy to get home.
Tracy got home about 2 hours later with a big cheese eatin grin on her face. Her hair was now a mess and her clothes were all wrinkled. "Miss me much?" she said as she looked at, and swung her nose at my tented sweats.
"You know I did." I smiled softly at her. She is beautiful even when she's a mess. "So what are my chances here?"
"I've got to shower first, but yeah, I'm up for it. If only because I know you want it so much right now. You have that animal look in your eyes."
"If you love me you'll let me fuck you all dirty and messy right now."
She walked over and straddled my legs. "Well I do love you. And it makes more sense to shower after you cum in me and on me. So go for it big guy." She looked into my eyes with a dirty looking smirk.
I could smell alchohol and pussy on her breath as she exhaled in my face and leaned in for a kiss. The kiss was long and passionate. In my head I was seeing her kissing Sammy long and passionately. My rock hard dick was pulsing as the nerve endings were feeling electric. I made a quick move to pick her up and drop her on the couch on her knees holding the back of the couch the same as she had with Sammy. I quickly pressed into her but decided to enjoy my wife's pussy before blowing my load. I stood still while fully impailing her, fully enjoying the feeling of her hot, wet, and soft as silk pussy but not moving. I knew the very next move I made would be the end. I was holding her tiny, pail hips in place while she squirmed trying to fuck me. I took these few seconds to run through the lesbian encounter my wife had enjoyed so much. I thought I would cum just thinking about it so I went ahead and slammed ahead. Sure enough the second I moved I started cumming.
She cooed, "Oooooh, that's it baby, cum inside your slut of a wife. That's soooo good." She rubbed my balls gently from below while I came.
I pulled out and continued squirting on her beautiful white ass. "Ohhh, that's so gooood, you nasty slut." It's the first time I had called her anything like that so I watched her reaction. She seemed to perk up a bit and wiggle her ass. "You want more slut?" I was still hard, I never went down I was so horny.
"Yes" she whimpered. I slapped her ass and went back in. I was confident this time I could hold off till she peaked. I slammed her harder than I ever have before. I felt like we were using each other as fuck toys. Every time I bottomed out and slammed into her ass it rippled like I threw a rock in a pond. She whimpered at an ever increasing volume until she finally hit her crescendo, shaking violently. "AAAAHHH, FUCK YES!!"
'Wow', I thought to myself, 'I came 5 times today?' I don't think it breaks my high school record when my parents were away. But at least this time one of them was in a pussy. We rested in each other's arms for some time.
"Babe, FYI, I bought tickets to tomorrow's game."
"Oh my god! I am exhausted. How much did that cost?"
"You don't want to know." I said as I looked at my feet.
"I've got to take a shower and get some sleep." She dragged herself away after a long day. I couldn't help watching her stumble away thinking that in her worst condition she was still so fucking sexy.
By the next evening we had both rested up and headed to Fenway. It was late October in Boston so we brought a throw blanket in case we got cold. There is nothing like walking into Fenway and seeing the green everywhere. This stadium was built in 1912, the year my grandfather was born, and the year the Titanic sank. It was during World War 1. There are prettier ballparks around for sure, but none compare to the wooden slat seats of Fenway. The Peske pole, the green monster, the 501 seat, and the history.
The game started off exciting with the Sox leading 2 to 1 after the first. After that first inning, things slowed down with no runs scoring for either team for several innings. It had, in fact, gotten quite chilly and with little cheering we settled in under our blanket.
As you can imagine, horny sluts that we are, we began petting heavily under the blanket. There was obviously a full house tonight which at Fenway is shoulder to shoulder. This made screwing around a bit more difficult, even with a blanket. I did manage to get a finger into my wife and message her clit. She in turn had been slowly stroking my cock. It was hard to hide our playing but who cares, right?
Everyone was singing to 'Sweet Caroline' and I had to go pee. I zipped up and headed off after kissing Tracy.
When I returned, I started back up the steps to our row of seats and I could see Tracy talking to the man next to her. He was a big black guy probably in his late 30's. As I got closer, I realized he was now under part of our blanket. When Tracy saw me coming she smiled a guilty looking grin. The man handed her something and she pulled back our blanket. I pretended not to notice any of it but I could see a bulge in his pants once he was uncovered. When I sat, I put my half the blanket over my lap and reached over to find that Tracy still had her pants undone. I could feel that she was still wet. Or was she wet again?
I didn't want to discuss what happened since I would have to shout for her to hear. The game was in the 8th STILL at 2 to 1. Houston got one in the top half to tie the game. Then in the ninth, Houston racked up 7 more. That's how it ended. We were let down. But my mind was still on the man sitting next to Tracy.
On the ride home I started a carefull line of questioning. I was getting a little peaved when her answers were a bit evasive.
"Look, I don't care if you messed with him a little. Just tell me about it, ok?"
She looked scared as she said, "I'm sorry babe, I just got a little carried away wishing we could recreate what happened in August. He looked cold so I offered him half the blanket while you were gone. I think he knew we were playing under the blanket cause he looked a little shocked. When I pulled the blanket over him I brushed against his cock. After that he said he had more blanket then he needed and pushed some back my way. He brushed against my tits most definitely on purpose. I think I accidently let out a small moan."
Tracy looked in my eyes to see if there was any green. So far my dick was the only reaction to this story. "What else happened?"
I think she was hoping I would let her stop there. She turned her head to the passenger side window and slowly said, "Then I rubbed his cock through his pants and he rubbed my pussy until I saw you. Oh, God, I'm sorry!!" She now had both hands on her face and I knew she was crying. "I AM a slut!!"
"Look, I'm not mad. In fact I'm turned on at the moment. To be fair, I was getting you worked up before I left you alone. As long as you don't hide things from me, I will understand. The bottom line is if you think I will like something then go ahead. Just don't cheat on me."
"James, I love you so much for how laid back and understanding you are. But I feel bad now that I said I couldn't handle it if you did things with another woman. I want to change my answer. If you want to mess with the strippers at the party, I'll be ok with it."
"Like I said, Trace, I don't think I'm interested in that, but I appreciate the thought. I still don't think I could do that to you yet. Maybe someday. Did he give you his number?"
"He gave me his card. He said if I need replacement windows or a big cock, give him a call."
The thought of my wife rubbing a stranger's cock behind my back was a rush. It made me horny and bit jealous. I needed her now. "Babe, take all your clothes off."
"What do you mean? We're on the fucking highway!!"
"Don't you think you owe me a little something now?"
"So you want me to ride home naked?"
"No, I want you to fuck me while I drive. It's dark, not many people will see." She saw the lust in my eyes and began peeling layers off her body. My cock was straining in my pants so I unzipped and pulled them down.
"Isn't this going to be hard to do?"
"This is where watching porn pays off. You have to staddle me, facing me, and you do all the work while I watch the road." Much to my surprise, Tracy had shed every stitch of clothing and was ready to try to appease me. She did as I told her, swinging her knee over to the other side facing me. She grabbed my cock and quickly fell on it. I only swerved a little. She got into fucking me hard right away possibly thrilled by the cars on both sides of us. I looked over and got an erotic surge seeing some college age guys giving me the thumbs up. "Babe, wave to your admirers!"
She looked over, "Oh fuck, that's so hot." I used my free hand to grope her perfect titties while she sped up her fucking. Tracy laid her head on my shoulder breathing hard into my neck and probably a little embarassed.
I whispered in her ear, "Everyone is watching you be a slutty wife, Babe." In fact nobody was near us anymore but the thought made Tracy go ballistic on my cock. The moment I started to blow my load into her, Tracy released her huge orgasm all over my lap. "Alrighty then, I'd say we are even steven now. That was something else." Tracy was still red faced as she got back to her seat and dressed.
The day of the batchelor party was a nasty, rainy, Boston day. I arrived at Encore before everyone, unloaded the food, alchohol, and my stuff then headed out for some lunch. Everyone was told they could show up early if they wanted but the party would get started around 4 pm. This place is very new and so beautiful inside. The casino is world class. Everything you could need in one building. The first to arrive were Jeff and John who shared a ride from Rhode Island. Aaron showed up shortly after with Josh almost right behind him. I nonchalantly placed my phone on an end table where there would be a good view for Tracy. We started drinking some Sam Adams as we waited for the others to arrive. By 4, everyone had arrived, which is when the drinking really got going.
Bob, Greg, and Brett seemed hell bent on getting messed up. They started a game of speed quarters which put a big dent in the beer I had brought. Aaron and I are the best of the group at quarters so we picked on Greg, putting him in danger of kissing the porcelain god early. Once the game hit a pause, I took the oppotunity to keep these guys from getting blitzed too early.
"Listen up, the strippers are due at 9 o'clock. Please don't be passed out already. I spent a fortune on them. Also, I know some of you are on a short leash with your wives, but I will pay for all extras incurred with the strippers if you are so inclined. Now let's hear it for the man of the hour!!"
Everyone looked at Aaron while cheering him on.
Some of us needed a break from drinking so we went down to the casino for a spell. When we returned, Brian, our friend from Boston, had taken over bartending duties. Everyone in the room now seemed to have a good buzz going. I smelled that someone was smoking grass on the balcony so I went out to partake. It was still a shitty night out but the party was now in full swing and everyone was having fun. Knowing I didn't have to be anywhere tomorrow, I had indulged heavily into the alcohol.
I wasn't keeping track of time so when I heard a light knock on the door it took me by surprise. At first thinking we were being too loud, but when I opened the door it was two women dressed in cosplay outfits. They both looked like anime characters. The first one had blue hair, cat ears, and wore a maid outfit that flared out from the waist showing lots of thigh. White stockings came up short of the upper thigh and blue shoes filled out the look. The second girl had pink hair, a decorative facemask covering her eyes and wore a very short purple highlighted one piece that also flared from the hips and showed lots of thigh. Blue boots with 2 inch heels came up to below one knee but above the other knee. The shoulders were capped with peaked ridges that only came out to the edge of her shoulders. The final touch for both was the makeup that was designed to make them look japanese even though they weren't.
I was struck by how beautiful these two girls were. They said nothing to me, just swooshing by me and heading straight to the living area where most of our guys were congregated. They seemed to be familiar with the resort as the blue haired girl( I'll call her blue and the other pink) slid over to the sound system and easily slid a cd in and started it. As the music played the girls began a simple dance routine. They moved around the guys dancing and moving erotically. The second song to play was "More than a feeling" which I knew was Aaron's favorite song.
Babe, tomorrow's so far away
There's something I just have to say
I don't think I could hide what I'm feeling inside another day
knowin I'm in love with you
After the song ended, blue asked in a sexy submissive asian sounding voice, "Where is our man of the hour?" It seemed like the blue haired girl was the leader of this team. I pointed towards Aaron and said "This is the poor sap here." Both girls sashayed over to Aaron and began teasing him. They moved closely around him, touching his chest and thighs. They began to unbutton his shirt and took off his shoes. Aaron was definitely having fun smiling and laughing the whole time but I wondered how far he would go. The girls finally got his shirt unbuttoned and took it off. Pink gave his buldge a little rub. Blue asked "Could you please unzip me?" Aaron obliged pulling down her zipper and releasing her dress to the floor. She still had on a tight silk v-neck shirt but definitely no bra. The girls turned from Aaron and kissed erotically. Blue hit the remote for the next song to play. The two danced while performing a very sexy strip tease. I went back to tending bar and bringing more food out.
When I came back into the room, looking around, I knew that every guy in the room was now hard. Aaron was now waving his hands, "No, no, I'm getting married, I can't be messing around."
The room erupted in variations on the theme of 'You aren't married yet.' Even I was giving him grief but he stood fast, for now.
Next the girls split up to start entertaining other guys in the room. I was one of those husbands that was on a short leash, so I stood back so as not to be in the way, OR an obvious target.
Josh and John, who are both married, got the ball rolling. They were each fondling and sucking tits. John quickly got his hand into a pair of panties and started moving them down Blue's legs. Blue responded by unzipping his pants. She began stroking his johnson affectionately.
Meanwhile, Pink got Josh's pants to his ankles and was beginning a very nice blow job. Her mouth looked very sexy on his cock. Josh acted like he was getting the best blow job of his life. She quickly turned up the intensity, bobbing up and down, slurping and sucking, until Josh grimaced in erotic joy, pumping his cum into Pink's mouth. Pink had made quick work of Josh.
Blue had also taken John's dick into her mouth and was deep throating his average sized cock. The sounds coming from this couple had my cock standing at attention. Finally John made some animal like noises I can't put into words as he climaxed down Blue's throat.
The girls switched to Jeff and Greg. Jeff is married and apparently on a tight leash since he waved off Blue immediately. Jeff got up to come chat with me while the show continued. Blue moved over to Brett who seemed happy to be next in line.
Greg is single and was looking quite horny. Pink sat on his lap still wearing panties, stockings, and her mask. Greg went straight for her crotch inside her panties and began rubbing her mound. Pink stretched out her legs and spread them to give access to his fingers. Greg took the opportunity to start fingering her with one hand while the other cupped one of her beautiful breasts. "Mmmm, that's sooo nice there, big guy", Pink purred. She turned toward me with a smile and gave me a wink.
My heart skipped a beat. I looked back at Pink. 'It can't be!! Oh my fucking god, it can be!!! Is it? Fuck, I can't let it show how fucking nervous I am right now.' Sure enough, Jeff broke my trance, "Hey, are you alright? You look pail."
"Yeah, sorry, just a bit much to drink." I
was sure now that the beautiful body of Pink was none other than my wife. I had just watched her swallow my friend's cum and now another of my friends was fingering her pussy. I watched with a pounding in my chest as she pulled out Greg's hard cock and began stroking it gently.
This could be disastrous if my freinds found out that Pink is actually Tracy in disguise. I hope she knows what she's doing. If her plan was to make my cock hard and make me want to fuck her, then her plan was working. If I hadn't been pretty drunk I would likely be stressing the fuck out.
Blue had finished a nice blow job on Brett and was now on Bob's lap playing and teasing. I, however, could not keep my eyes off Pink. I was still trying to believe it wasn't her, but it was. Greg and Pink now had each others genitals in their hands. Both of them looked like they were in heaven. I could hear her wet pussy getting fingered. Tracy then slid off Greg and between his legs. I had butterflies in my stomach as she took his nice sized cock in her mouth. She started bobbing up and down on his cock as she looked me in the eyes for a moment. A minute later Greg was moaning louder with sweat dotted his forhead. "Ohhh gawd, aahhhgod." I could see Gregs balls tighten and his cock pulse as he began to cum. My hot fucking wife looked directly into my eyes as she sucked down his hot load.
After some whispering between them, Blue and Bob got up and moved into the joining room, closing and locking the door. We had three rooms together on this floor and the room Aaron and I were sharing on the next floor down.
The entire time all this action was happening, Aaron had been transfixed on the beauties in front of him that he had passed on. But something changed about the time I realized it was Tracy. Aaron looked at the fantastic ass on Pink then looked over to me. I could see it in his eyes. He knew!! He knew her almost as well as I do.
Tracy stood up from her sexy blow job now fully naked and turned to look at Aaron. They looked into each other's eyes. Aaron lifted his hand and waved her over like Bruce Lee. "Come over here girl." Pink sauntered over and sat on his lap. Again Aaron looked at me as if I might say something. Aaron whispered in her ear. Tracy looked over at me and giggled with her hand over her mouth. She whispered back. No amount of alcohol could have contained my anxiety, but my cock was screaming.
My heart stopped for several seconds when the couple rose from the seat. Tracy grabbed her bag and walked hand in hand into the bedroom with Aaron. They closed the door and locked it.
'Fuuuuuuuuccckk!!!!!!!!' is all I could think but not say. 'I'm supposed to be with her god damn it!!! That was the only rule. How can she do this to me?' I was ready to curl into the fetal position when it dawned on me. She has her phone!! I ran to my phone and switched over to watch the video from her phone. I was right!! It's on!!!
"I can't believe this is happening. I've wanted this so long." Aaron said in a low voice.
"How did you know it was me?" she said as she pulled off her mask.
"First, I saw your legs and thought to myself 'how lucky am I to find an equal pair of legs to the sexiest legs in I've ever seen.' Then, I saw your tits and thought 'Wow, what are the chances this girl has tied Tracy 2 for 2?'
Then, I saw you wiggle that world class ass and I thought 'there's no fucking way, this has to be her!'. And then when you called Glen, "Big guy", it was all over."
I could see Tracy slowly removing his belt. Once the belt was off she rubbed her hands up Aaron's abdomen and pecs. Aaron, as Tracy had said before, is a babe. He is in great shape. Tracy dropped her disguised voice, "You are a very sexy man."
Tracy started pulling off his pants. "And you are the most beautiful woman I have ever met", Aaron said with a very large erection in his boxers. I have seen Aaron's package many times. Now I was starting to worry about my inadequacy. I have an average size penis but Aaron is hung with like a eight or nine inch fat boy.
The guys were all a bit shocked at Aaron's change of heart. I moved from the living area with the guys into the bathroom where I could watch undisturbed and so I could hear better.
I watched in shock as Tracy grabbed the hems of his boxers and yanked them to the floor. Out sprang the monster cock right in her face. She caught it in her hand after the first wave.
"Ohh my!! That is something." Tracy said as she began to fondle and stroke the gorgeous member. Her eyes went to his. Aaron leaned over for a starter kiss. Tracy started stroking the length of his member.
"I dont understand how this is happening. Why am I so lucky?"
"Why don't you just enjoy yourself and we can discuss that stuff later.?"
Aaron took pause to finish getting out of the remainder of his clothes. Tracy, standing now, stepped forwards to initiate a more deep and passionate naked kiss while they both grabbed at each other's nakedness.
My heart was now pounding. I was struggling with her deception and the fact that she came up with this without me. It felt a little like cheating. Right now these were fleeting thoughts because like it or not, I was watching her fuck soon. I could hear her starting to breath harder. After more kissing, Aaron pulled Tracy onto the bed with him. She continued yankin his crank as I noticed Aaron reach down and slowly slide two fingers into my wife. Her response showed she was highly excited at this point. She moaned, "OHHH YES, OH GOD" Trace got herself comfortable and in position to start sucking his cock. With her hand wrapped part way around the large base of his cock, Tracy licked around the head of his cock. She had to open wide to begin sucking on it. I could tell she was now entering her empassioned arousal stage.
This is the point of no return. She wouldn't be able to stop now. I was having conflicting feelings about this now. It was too much but I knew I couldn't stop it now if I wanted to. My "little willie" as I might call it now, was throbbing and hard as a diamond.
My wife was likely going to fuck my best freind.
"You can't tell anyone it was me in here tonight. You understand?" Tracy asked while taking a breath.
"Is that because James doesn't know it's you?"
"No, of course he knows it's me" Tracy went back to working on his hunk of meat.
"I can't believe he would allow this to happen. Especially considering...ummm I mean that I'm his best friend." Aaron pulled her off his cock by the sides of her face so that he could kiss her again. I knew what he was going to say, but if he said it, he might ruin his chance. It was the other reason I was so concerned about this situation.
Aaron pushed her gently back onto the bed. She laid on her back and spread her legs wide with his large cock pushing against her slit. He slid it up and down while gently caressing her tits and tweeking her sensative pink nipples. I felt a rush of jealousy flow through my veins. I think it's probably a good thing I can't stop this or I would.
I could hear Tracy's moans and the slick sound of his cock rubbing in her channel. Aaron dropped to his knees and looked at the prize he had cherished for many years. He couldn't help but dive in with his tongue and start licking at her delicious box. Tracy squirmed. Her breathing was now quite audible and she writhed on the bed in ecstasy while her breasts heaved. Aaron put both hands on her tits while feasting on her pussy like a rabid dog. Hearing her empassioned response to his tongue work was getting Aaron extremely horny. He couldn't hold out any longer. He stood up with his cock again laying over her mound. Tracy grabbed it with both hands to caress the thing she was about to worship. She started to rub the head between her labia, getting her secretions on the head, then rubbing it on her clit. They both moaned and breathed sharply with heightened senses.
"Turn over so I can see that sweet ass of yours." Tracy rolled over on to all fours. I thought I would pass out from anticipation and excitement.
"Fuck my married pussy, Aaron" She pushed his meat down to her entrance. Aaron pushed forward applying pressure to her pussy. His head moved slowly in until it popped in all at once. Tracy winced audibly at the intrusion. She huffed a few times like she was giving birth, but it was going the other direction and it was pleasurable. Aaron patiently pushed forward watching for more reaction from Trace.
Someone knocked on the bathroom door. "Sorry, I'm gonna be a few minutes."
I was shaking like a leaf on a tree.
"Ohh my gooood!! That is so fucking good. Keep fucking me!!" Tracy was in the throws of passion while Aaron was still just slowly pushing in and out. His cock was now glistening with vaginal juice and his face began to get very serious as if this was a turning point in his life. I hoped it wasn't and that he was just getting some kicks.
Aaron grabbed under Tracy for her tits, cupping them and lightly playing with her hard nipples while starting to pick up the pace. "Yeeeesss, fuck me Aaron!!! Fuck my cheating pussy!! Ahhhh PLEASE YYYEESS!!"
Aaron took his queue to start pounding her pussy at a fever pitch. She was now used to his size and loving her pussy getting fucked hard by a big cock. "Do you love having my fat cock inside your cheating pussy?? I love your tight pussy. I could fuck you for days."
I still wasn't jerking off. I was in shock at the insanity going on. I was lost, dumbfounded, afraid, jealous, angry, humiliated, but most of all...excited?
Fuck, how the fuck is this turning my stomach AND making my dick quiver from the exhilaration?
"Wait, stop, get down here", Tracy patted the bed as Aaron pulled out and waited for Tracy to move. He flopped onto his back with his massive cock jutting straight up like the Matterhorn. Tracy climbed over to straddle Aaron. Tracy grabbed hold of his baby maker and slowly slid it into her steaming hot pussy. "Oohh FUCK, that is one very nice cock you have. I just had to see you're beautiful eyes." With her hands on his chest, Tracy now took control of the speed and depth of the movements.
It seemed to me she was savoring every stroke. Taking it slowly, pushing up and down in a tantalizing display of self control while she gazed into his eyes. "Are you enjoying fucking your best freind's wife?"
"You know I am. I've dreamt of this for years but never thought it could actually happen. I would ask how, but I just want to enjoy this." Aaron began trying to thrust into her pussy. The sight of her Farrah Faucetesque tits swaying in time was so erotic to me. Aaron must have agreed, cupping and groping them while she rode his cock slowly.
"How did you stay single so long with a cock like this. I would have never let you go." The jealousy surged hard through me after that comment. I couldn't believe she said it, but she didn't know what I know.
Tracy picked up speed. "I have never been fucked like this!!" She was breathing harder. "OHH GOD, YES", she screamed.
"FUCK ME HARDER!!!". Aaron tried to fuck harder from beneath her while Tracy was now jumping up and down on his cock with her tits bouncing against her chest. The sight of her taking control and fucking another man was too much. I was getting lightheaded. "Oh FUCK, I'm gunna cum!!"
"Me too, MMM, TOGETHER!!"
"That's it honey!! CUM IN ME!!" Tracy now collapsed forward on to Aaron's chest while he pumped hard into her. "Fill me up with your cum!!!"
Tracy turned her head so that she was looking straight into the camera. She was aware that I liked what I was seeing. She knew that the more she loved fucking another man, the more I would love it. "AHH FUCK", she shook violently and pushed herself off his chest, writhing in orgasm.
"AHHHG, YEEESS!!", Aaron was now pumping his semen into my wife.
Still trembling in ecstasy, Tracy reached back to message his balls. "That's it baby!! Give me all of it!! Fill my pussy with your hot cum!!"
"OH, Fuck, you are so fucking hot. I LOVE YOU and I always will", Aaron said it without a thought.
There it was. The reason why this was a bad idea. I've known since almost day one when we met her. We were both in love with her. Aaron was man enough not to mess with us, but now we are messing with him.
Tracy was still coming down from her huge orgasm, but she heard it. The look of shock was apparent while she stared back into his eyes. She was still sitting on his cock. "Oh my god, Aaron, I'm sorry, I didn't know. I mean, like, I know we've been close, and I assumed you loved me like I love you, as a freind."
"No, Trace, it's ok. I just wanted you to know. If James had ever messed up, I would have made a move, but the mother fucker made you happy, and I'm good with that. He's my brother and I love him too. This wasn't a bad thing for me. In fact, it scratched an itch that has been there for a long time." I could see him tearing up. Big, strong Aaron was getting emotional.
"Aaron, are you going to be alright?" Tracy said, now starting to cry herself.
"Better than ok. Believe me when I say I'm great. I hope this won't change our freindship or my freindship with James. Like I said I love you both."
Tracy rolled off his chest and stayed curled up next him just cuddling for a long time. I had to leave the bathroom since people needed to pee.
When I came out I saw Bob was back from his "quality time" with Blue. Gary had apparently settled for Blue as well since both were missing.
"I think this is costing you an arm and a leg" Josh quipped. 'Yeah, and hopefully not a wife', I thought to myself. Tracy stayed in the bedroom with Aaron for an uncomfortably long time. I peeked at my phone and received a text at the same moment.
Tracy:I'm leaving, meet me at your room after. Are you OK?
James:I think so. I'm still in shock.
Tracy:Did you like your surprise?
James:My cock loved it, my brain is still processing.
Tracy:I think I'm in need of some help with Aaron.
James:I'm aware.
Tracy came out of the room as two of our freinds stood up thinking they could be next. Pink had the mask back on and had put on a long shirt she had in her bag and walked straight out of the room. I waited a few minutes to space out our departures. Meanwhile, Aaron came out. He walked over to me and gave me a bear hug. "I love you, man. This has been the best party ever!"
"I love you too", I said seriously. "I think I'm going to call it a night." Groans of disapproval filled the room. They were calling me a pussy, but I didn't care, I HAD to go see Tracy. "Listen, you pussies have some more fun tonight. Aaron, can you settle up with Blue and I'll venmo it to you?"
"Yup, absolutely bro. And I won't be down for quite a while." He winked. The boys erupted in cheers for Aaron's commitment to the party.
I know what he was thinking. 'He's going to fuck his wife.' I hoped he was right. I got to the room and entered. She was standing at the window looking out over Boston, "There's Fenway", she said with her back to me. I came up behind her and put my arms around her waist.
"I thought we were going to start slow?" I said.
"Well, things just all came together. I don't know what else to say. Do you hate me?"
"Not for one second have I ever hated you but that was quite a show. Was that other girl a real stripper?"
"Rose? Yes, she's really nice. When I called to set up the appointment they said she was the only one left for tonight. I found out why when I spoke to her. She was obviously on drugs. I thought only one stripper would be sucky, so I thought of this idea. I told her if I go with her she could keep all the money. I went to her apartment to get made up this morning. She has the sweetest little 3 year old daughter. We talked a lot and I got her to talk about her drug problem. By the time we were ready to leave, I had convinced her to check into a rehab. Her mother agreed to take care of Sabrina while she's away. Babe, I told her I would pay for all of it, OK?"
It was a lot to process, but I'm used to this stuff with Tracy. "Of course, this is why I love you so much, things like this, always thinking of others. What fucking loser would say no to you." She started crying at my words of encouragement.
"Listen, I don't know if you're aware but you really turned me on up there."
"Babe, your hard cock stabbed me in the ass the second you got here. Let's get on the bed."
We both climbed on top of the bed and embraced. "Did you enjoy your night, Babe?" I asked.
"It didn't end up like I thought it would. And I'm sorry if this was more than you could handle. I might have overdone it."
"Funny thing is, I half hated it while it was happening, but now that I'm with you, I loved it." She pulled my pants open so she could stroke my hard cock. "Be carefull, I could cum any second." I pulled off my own pants.
She pulled me in for a kiss, pushing her tongue into my mouth, and forcefully licked my tongue. There it was, the taste I thought I would be disgusted with, another man's cum. I couldn't stop the kiss and realized the taste was enough to make me remember all the things she just did. It just made her that much more hot to me.
"You want to fuck me, don't you?" She had stopped stroking my cock and was just holding the base.
"Fuckin A right I do!! If you still can after fucking that giant cock."
"That was amazing. His cock is sooo big. I hope I didn't humiliate you. It just felt so fucking good." She must know what I like already cause she pushed me on my back and recreated the scene I had watched with Aaron, throwing a leg over me. My heart was racing as I got a good look at her well fucked pussy. It was swollen, red, and leaking cum down her leg. She has also figured out that I don't want her to be cleaned up.
She guided my cock into her and settled all the way down. I was glad she didn't ask if I was in yet. My cock slipped in very easily and pushed more of Aaron's spunk out of her. She knew damn well I was loving this. "I might be a little stretched, Babe," she said with a devious smile as she pulled off her shirt. She pumped up and down on my rock hard penis. She bounced her perfect titties in my face as she had for Aaron. It was surreal. I played with her luscious tits while my dick swam inside her gaped cavern. I quickly came inside her adding my sperm to his load as more cum was leaking down her sexy thighs. "I have a surprise for you", she said as my flacid penis fell out of her stretched hole.
"More surprises? What is it? I have surprise overload."
"I'm not telling till it's here, silly" Just then a light knock came at the door.
"You got room service? Nice!"
Tracy got up, still totally nude and walked to the door. I thought she was going to flash the room service guy as a tip. When she got to the door, she cracked it a bit then opened to let Sammy step in. I covered my junk instinctively. They hugged warmly. "I'm glad you're here."
"Wow, what happened to you?" she said half knowing the answer. "You look like you're having fun tonight!"
"Oh yeah, it's been crazy so far. I'll show you the video someday. You want a drink? I have wine and beer."
"No thanks, I had a few while I was waiting downstairs." Sammy sat in the chair by the window. "Nice view."
'Why was she waiting downstairs?' I thought.
"How are you, James? Are you enjoying the party so far?" Sammy smiled knowingly. She kicked off her shoes and came over to sit on the side of the bed.
"What are you doing here?" I asked still confused.
"Tracy asked me to stop by for an experiment I agreed to help her with." She put a hand on my leg and started to caress my thigh.
"I want to see if I can handle it with someone I trust first." Tracy sat on a towel in the chair that Sammy had vacated. Sammy now pushing her hand up to my crotch under the bedspread I was covering with.
"Babe, I told you, I don't need anyone else. I'm happy if I can just be with you."
Sammy was now stroking my cock to hard again. I let out an unintentional sigh.
"But what if I like watching you as much as you like watching me? I won't know unless I experience it." She sat there playing with her messy pussy while Sammy started getting serious about her hand job.
"If you insist." I smiled with a gorgeous woman at my side stroking my cock. I have to admit that Sammy is quite attractive. I grabbed the hem of her skirt and pulled it over her head. With no bra to deal with, I started fondling her sweet tits. Did I say I love titties most of all. Well I do. Her's were excellent, her dark pink nipples poking out begging me to suck them. So I did, sucking on one and then the other.
Sammy slid down to take my cock in her mouth. Her warm wetness felt fantastic. I looked into my wife's eyes as she played with herself and smiled. I layed down facing Sammy's crotch. What a nice snatch she has. I opened her lips which were sloppy wet. I began licking up and down her slit diving into her hole at one end then tickling her nub at the other.
Sammy was now breathing hard, sucking my cock agressively, and moaning loudly. I know my cunnilingus skills are exceptional and she won't last long so I pulled my cock out of her mouth and switched ends. We kissed for a minute before she got on her back at the end of the bed. "You know what I want", she said in a sultry voice.
"If you insist", I said as I jumped off the bed and quickly got in front of her. I looked into her beautiful eyes and then over to my wife's beautiful eyes and wondered how I got so lucky. "Do we need a condom?" I asked.
"No, I want you to come inside me the same way he came in your wife." As I pushed slowly into her pussy, I almost commented on how tight her pussy was. I didn't want to because I think it was a little humiliating that my wife's pussy could barely feel my cock.
I closed my eyes and pumped into Sammy slowly at first. I loved the sight of a different woman in front of me. Her tits began swaying as I rocked in and out. Her pussy was so fucking hot looking. I naturally began pumping hard into her hot hole. I was imagining what it was going to be like to cum in a woman that's not my wife. Suddenly my wife was behind me holding my hips. "Stand still a second, Babe. You need the rest of your surprise." I wasn't sure what she was talking about until I felt her pulling my butt cheeks apart and apply some oil followed by something pushing at my ass. I looked behind me and she had the strap-on around her waist and legs ready to impale me.
"Whoa, what are you doing, Babe?" As I tensed my sphincter tight as a drum.
"Relax Babe, we are both going to enjoy this", she said still pushing.
"Oh my fuck, the shit you are putting me through is fucking rediculous. Just why?"
"So that means go ahead, right?" she said laughing.
"Hey guys, make up your mind, I need this fuck to get moving," Sammy exclaimed, while she moved her ass around trying to get some movement.
"Fine, but no more surprises." Tracy immediately pushed at my ass. "Please go slowwww, OWW!" She pushed in deeper and after loosening up it didn't feel bad. In fact, I was quite enjoying having my wife fuck my ass. Next, I had to get the rhythm so I could fuck and get fucked which isn't easy. Sammy started to moan and squirm under me as her orgasm was creeping up on her. And I was actually very close. The ass fucking made me want to cum too soon, but I tried to hold off. Tracy was also breathing hard and moaning from the stimulation of the clit stimulator on her strap-on. "Oh my god, I'm gunna cum, FUCK." Tracy started to convulse which sent me into sympathy orgasm into Sammy's tight box. Sammy, hearing both of us cumming together and feeling my cum, hit her stride screaming, "FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FUCK ME", in time with my piston action. Finally she began to shake. "UNNGG, YES, Oh fuck thats good." And then another convulsion.
I couldn't help thinking karma had to turn around on me. My life is just too fucking good. Wait, the Red Sox lost in the ALCS, I guess that's pretty even steven.
After coming down and pulling apart the girls wanted to shower, together!! "WTF, am I chopped liver now?"
"Babe, I have an announcement, I am in love with someone else. Can I be in love with more than just you?"
As they walked to the bathroom, "You can love anyone you want as long as I'm one of them."
"You are at the tippy top of the list but I think I love Aaron too." Tracy looked a little serious now.
"So let me get this straight. You're in love with me, Sammy, and Aaron? We need to talk about the Aaron situation at some point", I said, "That is a tinder box. Go take you're shower."
When the girls came out of the shower, I was sitting with Aaron. He came down after the party started to fizzle out. We had talked while they were showering. "You want to tell them or should I?"
Aaron made no eye contact. "You can, I feel like throwing up."
"Aaron and Trisha have called off the wedding." I announced. Both the girls threw their hands over their mouths.
Tracy looked mortified. "Oh my god, was it because of me?" She started balling her eyes out.
"Hold on, hold on, let me clear this up. Y'all can't say anything to anyone about this. You are the only ones who will know the truth. I spoke to Trisha a few minutes ago. I explained that I was only trying to find someone exactly like Tracy. The only reason I was with her is because she looks just like Tracy, almost. We would be divorced in a year. So I told her I thought it best to not put her through that. She was very upset and crying uncontrollably but she told me she had her own doubts about the marriage as well. I also told her it isn't right for her to feel whatever shit women feel when a wedding is cancelled. I begged her to blame it on me and tell everyone she called off the wedding, not me. She agreed it was for the best not to go forward and would take me up on saving face. I told her she could say I cheated on her if she wants. I don't know what reason she's going to use. Bottom line is, I'm fucking single again."
"So it WAS my fault!!" Tracy squeeled. She began sobbing into my shoulder and sniffling on my shirt.
"First off, that was MY choice, even if you had it planned that way. Secondly, you did me a favor. You made me realize what I was doing and that nobody else is Tracy. You helped keep us from making a huge mistake. Tracy, I told you how I feel about you. I know now, more than ever, you and James are a solid couple. I have to find my own Tracy. I'm moving on even though I still love you both and plan on spending more time with you."
Tracy started to smile slightly through teary eyes. "Can I set you up with someone I think you would love?" She said with a big sniffle.
"Who's that?" Aaron smirked.
"Well, she's in this room and it ain't me", Tracy said as she grinned at Sammy.
Sammy looked shyly toward Aaron. "I've actually had a crush on you since you and Trish have been together. But I don't want to hurt her, she's my best freind."
"It's kind of weird, but I've felt a connection with you as well. Let me talk to Trisha. I think she might be fine with it. Aaron's depressed look was starting to melt away.
"Now can we get room service? I'm starved."
= = =
2 months later
"So how are Trisha and Greg doing?" Tracy asked taking a breath while giving Sammy a tongue lashing.
"They are getting it on... uh, uh, uh... pretty hot and heavy. It looks like love to me. I feel really good about setting them up. UMPH!!" Aaron loved fucking Tracy from behind, what an ass!!!
Sammy pulled my cock out of her mouth. "Damn girl, you have become one world class pussy eater. I love you guys!"
"You guys want to come with us on vacation to Fort Meyers? Spring training!!