Edited by: Pope1944. Thanks!
*
Note: If you've read some of my other stories, you may have already met Aria, Nella and Ian. This isn't a sequel or prequel to the other stories. Instead the names are just the fictitious ones I use for the same real life people that have inspired these characters. This is a brand new story not connected at all to the others.
*****
It all began with a phone call. A phone call that wasn't even intended for me. My wife's best friend, Aria, called one afternoon to talk to Nella. She wasn't home so Aria and I talked a bit, and I asked her if she liked the pictures I had taken at her birthday party last week. She told me she hadn't received the link, so I sent her a new email as we were talking. She unzipped the file and looked at them live with me right there on the phone. And she loved them.
Over the years, I've grown into a decent photographer even though it wasn't my job. And, unbeknownst to her, Aria was my favourite model. She was my muse in fact, something nobody knew, not even her. About eight years ago we had done a couple of sessions for her latest art project. We had spent two days together outside under the warm early fall sun. These two days were some of the best memories I had. Working on those pictures for the following weeks, for her, and months, for me, had also been delightful. Since then, there had been no reason for full photo sessions, but I usually carried my camera whenever I knew she'd be around.
Hearing her reactions live on the phone was quite a treat, and I ended up smiling for twenty minutes as she looked at the hundred or so pictures I'd sent her. I'd taken quite a few more of her, framed and composed differently, focusing on her breasts, her hips, her hair, her waist, her hips, her thighs... I would, of course, keep these just for me. But I was flattered that she liked the ones I'd sent. And once she was done scanning through them, she said "Ian, I have a big favour to ask of you."
"Go ahead." I replied, curious.
"You know I've been trying to become a better photographer... But every time I see your pictures, I'm faced with the harsh truth that I'm still a stumbling beginner."
"Well, your pictures are not that—" I tried to say before she cut me off.
"Ian, you don't have to try and be polite. I know my photos suck!" she said, laughing. "Now, you've been generous enough to give me some tips and teaching basic techniques, but I'd really appreciate it if you would give me real lessons."
"Well, I'm sure we could arrange that."
"Thank you!" she cried, clearly excited by the prospect. "I really want to know how you do it, how you select your subjects, what makes you select the angle to get the best the shot... I want to learn to do what you do!"
"Oh..." I said, the tone of my voice different.
Aria sensed it. "What's wrong?"
There as indeed something wrong. Well, not wrong per se, but I didn't think that Aria could ever do what I did. It wasn't because I didn't think she could learn or that she wasn't talented enough. The core of my approach was that I tried to become invisible in a party. Not in the sense that I was trying to hide, but in the sense that I tried to be as unobtrusive as I could. Despite the fact that I was 6'1" tall, with a big, noisy DSLR in my hands, I knew I could move around without people paying too much attention to me.
Aria, on the other hand, could never do that. She was simply too gorgeous and sexy. And it wasn't just because I was infatuated with her. It was simply obvious, and after years of seeing other men look at her, I knew I wasn't seeing her as more beautiful than she really was.
She was just slightly on the small side of the average height for women and rather thin. On the other hand, she had breasts that never seemed to end, nor seemed to lose their battle against gravity. They were completely out of proportion with the rest of her frame and even a thick wool sweater over a sports bra couldn't hide them. The first time I met her, I was convinced that she had implants. It just didn't fit. But when I saw her wearing a one piece swimsuit, it became clear that they were all real, all woman.
Above and around those breasts, Aria had a full head of silky hair, very long and heavy tresses of pale brown hair that flowed everywhere. Every time she unpinned them, as she liked to wear them twisted up in a tight bun, I felt a warmth deep inside me. As her hair cascaded down to the small of her back, she lifted her arms and grabbed her hair to redo the pin.
As she moved around to grab every last strand, her breasts would dance and jiggle in front of her, making me feel altogether different sensations much lower in my belly. A few times during those precious moments, she would look at me and smile brightly. I smiled back, always feeling like a deer caught in the headlights, never knowing what to do. During those special moments, Aria didn't look like she was angry that I was staring at her breasts. She never said anything, just smiled brightly. And at her birthday party, I managed to capture a photo of her doing exactly that. I knew I would cherish that picture for a long while, with her generous breasts almost bursting out of her thin shirt...
In any case! She had asked me what was wrong and I had let the silence lengthen on the phone. I took a deep breath and made a decision that could have disastrous consequences. "Aria, can I answer your question honestly?"
"What? Of course... Why would you even..." she paused. "Oh. You think I'm not good—"
"No! No, no..." I cut her off. "That's not it at all." I took another breath. "You see, the secret to my technique is that I can blend into a crowd, almost as if I can disappear. This lets me see my subjects as they are, without having them act, move or smile differently because they know I'm there."
"Ok... This is how you do it. This is why your portraits are so natural..." she said.
"Yep. It takes patience, and it means that I spend a good part of the party on my own, watching the others without talking."
"Ah. I see. You don't think I can do that?" she asked.
"No, that's not it. Then again I think it would be harder for you than for me: you're a lot more sociable than I'll ever be." I said, knowing what was coming. My heart was already beating faster.
"I can handle that." She said, then asked the obvious question, "So what's the problem?"
"I don' think you could ever disappear in a crowd."
"Why not?"
"Well, perfectly honestly?" I asked one last time.
"Of course!"
"You are too extraordinarily beautiful and dangerously desirable to ever blend in a crowd."
There was a long silence on the line. As the seconds ticked, I closed my eyes and felt a deep pit of anguish opening in my belly. Aria was my wife's best friend, had been for years and years, and although Nella was really beautiful, she knew that I found Aria attractive. It had caused a many sparks of jealousy in the past, and many difficult conversations. One of the reasons I had never done another full photo session with Aria was because of that jealousy.
It had been many years since our last conversation on that subject, and even though her jealousy has seemed to wane, I wasn't in any way convinced that she was now fully at peace with Aria's beauty. I was convinced that she would be pissed if she knew I had just said that to Aria. On the other hand, she had already told me that she had spoken to Aria about it. I still remember how surprised I had been when she told me about that discussion between the two friends. For some reasons that had seemed good to her at the time, Nella had told Aria that I found her extremely beautiful.
And, surprising me even more, last year Nella told me that Aria thought that I was very handsome. I don't remember why they were talking about me, nor why they were talking about me that way, but Nella had been talking with Aria on the phone, a glass of wine in her hand. In the darkness of our room afterwards, just before we fell asleep, she had told me that. I declined to make any comment whatsoever, flabbergasted by the fact that she had told me.
So here I was, holding the phone against my ear, my palm getting sweatier by the second. I had just told a woman I intensely lusted over that she was beautiful and desirable... When Aria broke the silence, I could hear the smile in her voice. "Aw... You're sweet Ian. Thank you for the compliments, but I assure you that not all men see me like you do."
"Pffff..." I said. "Of course they do!"
"Oh well, I'm not going to argue against you telling me that all men find me so desirable, but I wouldn't make such a big deal out of it. Tell you what." she said. "there's a party at Mathilda's in three weeks. Bring your camera and I'll follow you and see what I can do. Deal?"
I took a deep breath. "Ok. Deal. I'll talk to Nella about it, to make sure it's alright."
"Hmm? Oh, this again?" she sighed. "She's still... damn it. I thought our last conversation had... Ok then. Let me talk to her about it. Don't say a word!" she finished, the smile on her lips noticeable in her voice.
"If you say so... See you soon!" I said, glad the conversation was over.
But it wasn't. Just as I was about to hang up, Aria said "Ian, did you take some pictures of me you haven't sent?"
Oh the little... She was teasing me now? "Well yes. I've taken about eight hundred pictures during the party. I've discarded most of them."
"Really? You've shown me all the good ones?"
"Er, yes... Why?" I said, definitely nervous now.
"I thought I saw you take a picture of me as I was arranging my hair... Was I mistaken?" This time it was I who remained silent for a while. And now I felt bad. A couple of very frank compliment on her beauty was one thing, but a deliberate photograph of her breasts like that... Shit! Luckily for me, she didn't let me hang myself with anguish. Instead, she giggled. "Oh Ian, just relax. You've been honest with me, and I wanna be honest with you. I knew exactly where you were at that moment, and also knew that you, well, that you really like it when I play with my hair, standing very, very straight. Am I a bad person for letting you photograph me like this?"
I grinned and shook my head. "This has been the craziest conversation we've ever had, Aria. And no, you're not crazy. You're very generous. Thank you for that moment and, in the spirit of honesty, know that I will enjoy that photo for a long while..."
She giggled again before wishing me a good day. After I hung up the phone, I remained on my chair for twenty minutes, trying to figure out what had just happened. There had never been anything more than friendship between Aria and I. No overt compliment like I had just made or comments like she had just made. Nothing. She knew I found her desirable, I knew she found me handsome, and that was it. In a matter of minutes something had changed. What it would amount to, I had no idea.
Three weeks later, during which time Aria and I didn't talk or email to each other, we met at Mathilda's house for a party. Nella was there as well, of course, and knew about the fact that Aria would follow me around for a part of the evening. I shook my head when I saw that Aria had chosen to wear a blouse with a deep cleavage. We mingled and ate with everybody, and as soon as we moved to the living room, Aria fetched her camera. Standing right next to me, she grinned and said "Watch me disappear..."
I snorted and glanced at her cleavage before saying "If you disappear dressed like that, people are going to freak out when they see a cleavage floating about in mid-air!"
Aria opened her mouth in surprised, then laughed. "Bastard!"
"What?" I asked her, smiling. "You're just making your job a lot harder..."
"Want me to button up?" she asked, a hint of a smile on the corner of her lips.
I sighed, unable to refrain from grinning. "Now who's being the bastard?" as she laughed, I said "Now shoo, and show me how you can disappear."
"Just watch me!"
"Oh I will, never fear."
She was smiling as she moved away, but minutes later I could see that she was failing miserably. People kept talking to her, or turning their heads to see her move past them. Not only the men, but women as well. She was simply just too beautiful for anyone to ignore. It's not that everybody was constantly staring at her, but it was clear that some part of our reptilian brains was wired to keep an eye on remarkable people, either as potential mates or rivals. I took pictures of everybody as I usually do, and focused on her quite a bit, also like I usually do. Nella was also a very important subject, and while she kept glancing at me when I talked with Aria, she didn't seem particularly nervous.
After an hour or so, Aria told me that she would put her camera down and enjoy the party. She was convinced that my advice about disappearing had paid off, and she would send me her best pictures tomorrow. When she did, I looked through them and they were not bad, but nor were they remarkable. Most of her subjects were looking at her and while that was interesting, I preferred it when I captured natural moments. I then sent her my favorite pics, including one of hers that I normally would have kept for me, she called back ten minutes later. "Damn it!" she cried as I answered. "My pictures are totally different from yours!"
"I know! I told you! People are always looking at you when you snap them!"
"Don't tell me it was all because of my cleavage!" she replied.
"Of course not. I told you before, you're beautiful and would attract eyes even wearing an old pair of sweatpants and shirt."
"Thanks for the compliment, but it doesn't help me..."
"I know." I said.
After a pause, she said "Well. I just found one of me that I'm pretty sure you won't send the rest of the gang..."
"Really? Which one?" I asked innocently.
"Ha! You know! The one where I'm leaning over the counter, reaching for my glass, with my cleavage on a silver platter!"
"If I recall correctly, there was no silver platter on the table!" I replied, laughing.
"Haha! So funny. But I have to say, it's a great picture of me. Damn it, even when you take lewd pictures, they turn out great! Not that I could ever share it with my family..." she was also laughing by now.
"You should see my nudes!" I said, once again going further than ever before with her.
"Of me?" she asked, her alarm clear.
"What? No! Of course not! I think you'd know! But I have done some nudes of other women before. Nella included."
"Really? Wow... Does she like them?"
"Yes, but it does make her uncomfortable." I replied truthfully.
"I would never let anyone take pictures of me naked!"
"Why? Aren't you into nudism?"
"Well yes, but only here at home. And nudism and nude photography aren't the same thing." she finished.
"Why not? Honestly—" I began
Aria laughed out loud, cutting me off and said "Are you sure you want to finish that sentence?" she was giggling as she finished.
"Haha! Are you sure you want me to stop?"
"No... Go ahead."
"Honestly, I think it would be a shame if you never allowed anyone to take beautiful nude pictures of you."
"A shame? Why?"
"Oh, now you're just fishing for compliments... You know why, Aria. You're stunningly beautiful and it would be a waste if only a handful of men, your boyfriends, ever got to see you naked."
"Well, even if I did change my mind, I don't think Nella would allow for such a special session..."
"No, she wouldn't. But I'm not the only photographer in the world, you know?"
"I'm not sure I could... I mean... It's demeaning, no?" she asked.
"It certainly can be, but it can also be magnificent and respectful."
"I know, I know... But seeing myself naked?"
And then an idea hit me. "What if you could see a picture of you naked without ever having taken one?"
"What? You're not making sense!"
"Yes I am. You know how people use photoshop to manipulate images, and how in big budget movies they can do miracles with digital manipulation?"
"Yes, but we're not going to hire a professional just to put my head on another woman's body!" she replied.
"No. But I can."
"You can? and would would do that? Wouldn't that be weird?"
"Yes, a bit, but a lot less than doing an actual photo shoot!" I said.
"Ok then. Do you need me to do anything?"
"Well, the challenge is to get a picture of your face at the correct angle. Ideally, we could do a very small photo session of portraits taken from many many angles."
"Wanna come this afternoon?"
Did I want to? Ha! I was at her home an hour later. Nella was out all day for work, and Aria was single right now, so she had more control over her schedule. When I arrived, I talked to her about the process, and she was surprised about one of the steps. "You'll have to find a nude model with a body similar to mine?"
"Er, yes, obviously. Otherwise the effect won't work at all. If I placed your head on a model that had the body of Kate Beckinsale, I could spend hours making the match as perfect as I could, it wouldn't be believable." I explained.
"Oh, right. Of course." she looked up with a sudden smile "So you're going to roam the internet for nude models that look like me?"
"I do have to..." we both laughed at the thought. "It will be a hard task, but I'll have to do it."
"How will you know what my body looks like?"
"Are you kidding me?" I asked, frowning.
"Well, the last time you saw me in a bikini was about a year ago, so my body has certainly changed..."
"I don't need a perfect—"
"I'm serious." she said, with, indeed, a serious expression on her face. "I should go an put my bikini on while you take the portraits, it will help you."
She was still dead serious when she walked away and disappeared in her room. I stood frozen on the ground in her living room, taken completely by surprise. I was still frowning in puzzlement as she walked out. But my frown disappeared as my heartbeat quickened when she came back. Dear gods she was stunning. She had chosen a light bikini. Light in the sense that there wasn't any structure or support for her breasts at all. Just a couple of triangles of spandex and a few strings in between.
I couldn't help but stare at her, mostly at her breasts, as she walked in. I was lucky with Nella, having fallen in love with a women also found highly desirable. Nella was all woman, extremely voluptuous, to the point of barely crossing over to the side of being overweight. But I didn't mind at all, as the very generous curves more than made up for the extra pounds.
Aria wasn't like that at all. She was rather thin, and if she'd had something like 30B breasts, her proportions would have been rather ordinary. She didn't have 30B cups on her bras though. It was probably more like 32E. It was barely believable. And as she walked towards me, mere inches of spandex covering them, they swung with each of her steps. I was pretty sure that my heart tried to sync with their rhythm.
But the rest of her body, especially with nothing more than a small bikini on, was also beautiful. Her slim waist to hips ratio made for a slim figure, but the dark bikini nevertheless underscored feminine curves. When I looked up, Aria was still all business-like, regarding the bikini as a normal and ordinary part of what we were doing. I certainly didn't. And with the honesty we had chosen to maintain, I said "Oh come on... Drop the act. You know as well as I do that this wasn't necessary."
Instead of reacting intensely, she simply looked at me and smiled. "You're right. But can't a girl give her friend a small gift?" With that, she looked at my equipment and said "So, where do you want me?" After a brief pause, she quickly added "to stand! Where do you want me to stand?"
We both laughed at the double entendre, and proceeded to do the actual photo session. I did capture her from all angles, with a variety of expressions, and with changing light sources as well. Afterwards, I sat back, changed my lens and asked "Can I take a few more?"
Aria was surprised, wondering why I would ask that after having taken about a hundred pictures of her. And then she clicked. "Oh. Why not. Just keep them to yourself."
And so for about five glorious minutes, I took pictures of her wearing that small bikini as she posed for me. She didn't do any naughty or vulgar poses, but still, I was fully erect when I finished. I hid the fact easily, because I had remained seated for most of the short session, and took my time to gather and put away my things. When she came back, dressed normally for an early summer day, I was comfortable again.
I drove back to my house, still shaken by the whole thing, and looking forward to work on this peculiar project. It took me about two weeks to find the right nude model, which was Sofie from Femjoy. I then selected the best poses and matched them with the best portraits. And while I had deliberately chosen very mild nude poses, the effect was breathtaking. Even though I had made the morphs myself, I admit that it was still thrilling to look at the end result. I almost felt bad for looking at them, knowing that the idea of looking at Aria nude would enrage my wife. But they were not really nudes, were they? Yet, I knew that it was a weak defence.
I hesitated a bit before showing them to her, but ultimately I chose three and decided that hey were good enough. I called her and invited her over, saying that I didn't want to send these images vie email and risk that they could end up lost on the net. She came by two days later and sat next to me in front of my computer. When I showed her the first image, Aria gasped, covering her mouth with her hands. "Oh my fucking Gods! Shit! That is crazy!! That's me!" After that I showed her the original image of the nude model, she asked me to switch back and forth a few time.
She sat back against her chair, staring at her false nude image. When I switched to the second one, she leaned forward again, staring intently. "This is amazing! This is crazy!" she laughed again, and again as I showed her the third one. "Wow! Ian, this is unbelievable! But, that's not me, I'm not that beautiful!"
"What? It's your face!"
"Yes, but it's not my body!"
"Oh come now. Fishing for compliments again? That's not your real body, but I don't think a real nude photo of you would be all that different. Your face is very different, but her body looks a lot like yours!"
"Get out of here!" she said, slapping my shoulder.
I looked at her for a few seconds. "Are you really that mistaken about the magnitude of your beauty, the power your body can have over men?"
Aria looked at me in turn, a slight frown on her face as she came to terms with the fact that I was dead serious. She sat back against her chair again, still staring into my eyes. "You're serious, aren't you?"
"Of course. Now, whatever you decide, I can't be the one to take nude pictures of you. Nella would freak out. But if you even start to think you could accept, please do. Even if you don't show me the pictures right now. Even if you just show them to me once we're old and wrinkled." she laughed. "I can recommend a few photographers that could do your beauty justice."
"I don't know..." she said quietly, staring at the picture on the screen. "Maybe... Maybe we could try with my bikini again? But this time do a real session?"
I felt my heart thumping hard a few times. "I don't think Nella would agree to that... I think that if she knew we were doing this, I'd get in big trouble."
"Still that bad? I thought that..." she asked, curious and surprised.
"I think so. We haven,t talked about jealousy in a long while, but I don't think that she would change radically on that front."
"Ok. Here's the plan. I'll take Nella out for a day at the spa in the next few weeks and see how she stands. You're right that this has gone far enough in secret. If we want to do anything more, she needs to be on board."
"I agree. But I think that this will be as far as it will go."
"Maybe." she said. Then, smiling, she leaned over and kissed my cheek before pulling me in for a hug. "If that turns out to be it, I do wanna thank you for this, and for all the compliments... Maybe that could continue regardless of what happens with Nella?"
I looked at her, grinned and said "Of course, with pleasure."
It took the two women nearly a month to organize this little spa getaway. It was a very unusual period, as Aria and I were keeping a couple of secrets from my wife, her best friend. The secret about what we had actually done wasn't all that bad, but the one about what we were planning on, was. Judging from the innuendos Aria placed in her emails and conversations with us, I was rather sure that she was now willing to do the session. What remained, then, was Nella's accord.
When Aria came by to pick Nella up early morning one Saturday, I was pretty nervous. Just before leaving, Nella asked me one last time if I was OK. She was picking up on my nervousness. I reassured her the best I could and wished them a nice day. If the last four weeks had been peculiar, this entire day was excruciating. As the hours went by, I realized just how dangerous their conversations actually was. If Aria talked to Nella about our plan and she said no, I now realized that we wouldn't simply be able to continue living as if nothing had happened. And if she said yes... Said yes to me taking pictures of Aria naked?
What the fuck have we been thinking? The plan suddenly appeared to be as crazy as the morphed nude pictures of Aria-not-Aria. I spent then entire afternoon dreading the too-early return of a furious Nella or her call, telling me coldly that she would be staying at her mother's place for a while. None of these scenarios came to pass. Just before dinner the two women returned, both of them all smiles. Aria smiled at me and winked before following Nella in the living room. Aria stayed with us for dinner and left early, exhausted by their day of relaxation. I teased her a bit about that, but she ignored my mocking.
When Nella and I found ourselves in the living room alone, she invited me to sit next to her and looked into my eyes for a long while. "That's quite a project Aria has. Has she spoken to you about it?" Nella asked.
"Yes. And I told her to take it up with you, considering our past..."
"Our past? You really think that I'm still that jealous?" she asked, thoughtful.
"Why, of course..."
"Ian, how long have we been together?"
"Fifteen years now."
"And how old were we when this jealousy thing all began?" she asked, a small smile on her lips."
"Hmmm, about twenty?"
"Yeah. A lot has happened since, and we both, we all changed since then. I wouldn't say that I'm not jealous at all anymore, but I know I've changed. And you still believed..." she looked at me, concern in her eyes. "So that's why you didn't want to do that photo session for Aria's third project a couple of years ago."
"Yes. Because of the tension after the first one..."
"Come here."
I sat next to her and we hugged. I couldn't believe what she was telling me. Was she going to tell me that she was opened to a nude session? Nah... That wasn't possible, so I waited for her to talk again. "Aria told me of her idea, to keep up with the times." Keep up with the times? I wondered what she meant. "Do you believe that Ian? We're barely passed 30 and she thinks that she has to keep up with the times. She thinks she needs to have a few pictures of her in a bikini on her Tinder page."
"Well..." I mumbled, trying to come up with something to say to this unexpected little story. "I don't know... I don't think it'll hurt..."
"No, I guess it won't. She is really beautiful. And she told me that she wanted you to take the pictures..." Nella looked at me, her expression difficult to read. "Look, I understand her; you do take great pictures. But then again, even if I'm not as jealous as I was before, this is a sensitive subject. So, here's what we came up with. The next week-end day with a nice sunset, we'll go to uncle's Mark's cabin and take pictures in the golden hour. But I'll be there, and I'll be the artistic director. You'll only be able to take the pictures I tell you to. Does that work for you?"
Did it work? Damn yes! A real photo session with Aria in a bikini in the golden hour light with Nella's blessing? Damn! Luckily for me, the next week-end turned out to be glorious and we all drove to my uncle Mark's cabin. It was only a 45 minute ride from our town, and we were all feeling really good. The music was blasting, we were singing along and enjoying the road.
As I was installing my flashes and umbrellas to fill in the shadows from the sun, I stole a few looks towards Aria and Nella. Aria was already in her bikini, and Nella was trying to arrange her hair. The sun was already setting and Aria seemed to glow like a faerie. We spent the next hours or so taking pictures or Aria, under the strict supervision of Nella. As promised, I barely talked, didn't suggest anything and let Nella and Aria decide what they wanted. When the sun finally dipped beyond the horizon, we closed up shop and headed back home.
I knew I had a couple of nice shots, but a lot less than I would have gotten if I had been allowed free reign. The two women wanted to download and examine the images immediately, so we did. The three of us settled in front of my computer, one on either side of me. We began looking at the best images. Soon we were all very close, the two of them inching closer to get a better view and pointing various things on the screen. As we were finishing, Aria was pressed against my side and I wasn't sure how to manage that closeness. I couldn't move away, as Nella was pressed against my other side.
Once the last image was evaluated, they both moved off and looked at each other. "They're not bad..." said Nella.
"Yeah. It's good." added Aria.
I didn't dare say anything. Being a good photographer doesn't simply mean having the right camera and lighting gear. Even after I had taken care of those things, the composition still played a crucial role. And the shots just weren't up to what Nella was used to from me.
"Well." She said. "You can say it Ian. It's not as good as it could have been."
"It's not bad." I said.
"But it's not great either." Nella said.
Aria left soon after that, after Nella said that she would think on the possibility of another session. It was already remarkable that we'd had this one, and if she was thinking about a second one, she was also probably considering letting me take the lead.
When we went to bed that night, Nella surprised me by getting completely naked. This was her not so subtle signal that we were going to fuck. While she had a very nice sexual appetite, and was generally open-minded about what fetishes we could explore in the bedroom, Nella rarely made the first moves.
Tonight, I felt like I was being eaten alive. She began with a very intense blowjob, as I was on my back, even pushed down hard enough that I felt the back of her throat. I knew at that point that I was in for a very intense ride, and I began grinning. But as soon as I did, I saw her turn her entire body around my cock and swing her thigh above my head. As she lowered herself on my mouth, I realized two things very quickly.
First, she was dripping wet, and I mean that literally: I felt a few drops of her juices land on my face before I touched her pussy. And second, I was in for a much more intense evening than even the deep blowjob had prepared me for. While she liked giving me head and naturally liked having her pussy eaten, she wasn't a fan of the 69. She knew that I was, though...
Soon, after having shaken as my tongue reached her favourite spots, Nella slipped her hand under my back and began turning on her side. I followed her, my eyes growing. We ended up upside down, still in a 69, but this time with me on top. I could probably count the number of times we've done this, in 15 years, on a single hand. At first I was very gentle, like I had been every time before. But when I felt her hands grabbing my head and pushing me hard against her pussy, squeezing her thighs around my head, I abandoned myself to the position. I didn't go for a surprise deepthroat attempt, but damn near it.
I felt the back of her mouth with nearly every thrust, heard her gagging noises, the wet slurping sounds she was making around my cock. But she never relaxed. When she suddenly squeezed her thighs very hard, I new she was climaxing, and pressed my tongue hard against her clit. Her orgasm seemed extremely powerful, as she screamed around my cock as I kept fucking her mouth. At one point, in the excitement, I felt her throat giving way just for a brief moment and felt my cock slipping an entire inch deeper than usual.
That momentary deepthroat was enough to trigger my own climax and I came in her mouth. Deep in her fucking mouth. I felt one her hands on the small of my back, keeping me there until I was totally empty. But not spent. As soon as I finished cumming into her mouth, she tapped me twice with her hand, our usual signal for a position change. I regretfully pulled out of her mouth and knelt on the bed.
As soon as she sat up, her flushed face a mess of sweat and tangled hair, she pushed me down on my back. I was just hard enough for her to mount me, and that's just what she did. For the first few penetrations, she kept her index and thumb firmly wrapped around the base of my cock. I was screaming in surprise and sensation overload. But Nella wasn't about to stop. When she felt that my cock was beginning to harden again, she released her hand and fell into full length penetrations. Hard. And fast.
She grabbed my upper body, her thumbs on my chest and fingers under my arms. And she just thrashed me. Looking at me straight in the eyes, she whispered "I want another climax tonight, my love! Fuck me!" I pushed up against her thrusts, not knowing if I would be able to cum again, but not caring all that much. My balls were already pretty much empty, and that very quick deepthroat would sustain my fantasies for weeks to come.
I felt like a bronco being broken and ridden by an expert horse handler. Nella had her knees raised, with only her feet on the bed. Suddenly she asked me to put my hand flat around my cock, like we sometimes did. I divided my fingers, two on either side of my cock and felt her driving her clit directly against my hand with each powerful downward thrust. "Fuck! Fuck and shit! This is amazing!" she was moaning out loud, and soon screaming as she came a second time.
Her large breasts were swinging madly as she pushed her pleasure to the maximum, with drops of her sweat being flung all over the place. Suddenly she slipped her feet backwards and placed her knees on the bed before pulling my hand away. She finished herself by grinding her clit against my body mercilessly, crying out in raw pleasure for what felt like quite a few minutes.
By the time she quieted down, abruptly bouncing off of me to fall on her side on the bed, she was moaning, almost crying. By now I was rock hard and ready for more. I moved lower on the bed, knelt behind her and turned her on her stomach. I placed my knees on either side of her thighs and slipped my cock inside her again. She screamed out, but not in pain. I grabbed her shoulders from beneath and fucked her for all I was worth.
One minute later, I was cumming again and she was groaning incoherently beneath me, the only word I could decipher was "More." I felt my entire body spasm one last time as the last few drops of previously unspent sperm made their way to my wife's burning hot and drenched pussy. When I pulled out and rolled on my back next to her, her pussy farted, as if in protest against the rough treatment she had given it herself.
Long minutes later, during which we both calmed down, Nella said "If you say a single word about a mistaken link, an imaginary link, a non-existent link between what happened tonight and what happened this afternoon with Aria, I'll kill you. Understood?" I remained silent. Nella giggled and added. "Good... I'm half a mind tempted to mount you again."
"Well, if you do that you're going to kill me anyways..." I said and we both laughed.
The following day, with Nella gone to work, I couldn't help thinking about that amazing and brutal sex we'd had. She would like to wish away a link between that evening and the day with Aria, but I knew it wasn't a coincidence. Now, what to make of this link? That was an altogether different problem. Talking about it with Nella meant my death, so I had to wait for her to talk about it with me. If she ever did. Imagining talking about it with Aria felt strange. We had never talked about sex before, not even in general terms.
A few days went by, and I was blessed with another very intense sex night. It wasn't as intense as the first one, but still, I was happy. I couldn't help thinking about Aria naked though, and managed not to talk about the entire subject. Despite the slight tension about the entire thing, Nella seemed happy as well, and was sexually contented. And aroused! Even when we didn't have time to fuck, she caressed me more directly than she normally does, grabbing my ass or caressing my cock through my pants or boxers.
About a week after the session, Nella told me that Aria would come and visit, and that she wanted to be alone with her. That wasn't all that unusual, given that I was home most of the time. So as I was gathering my things to leave, I had a thought: "What if I recorded their conversation?" At first I grinned and shook my head. That wasn't ethical, was it? Then again, this whole thing was strange to begin with. I looked at my ipod touch and decided that I could, in fact, forget it here. And, accidentally of course, the microphone could be left on...
I wrestled with the idea for a minute or two before deciding that my curiosity was stronger than my ethics, and I let my ipod hidden in the bookshelf right between the kitchen and living room. I left soon after Aria arrived, wishing them both a god afternoon. I came back for dinner and we ate together outside. I grabbed my ipod as soon as I got in, but of course I couldn't disappear in my office and listen to it right now. It made for a peculiar dinner for me, with my mind torn between the present conversation and the one they'd had while alone.
That night, I was gifted once more to an extremely intense sex session. After her first climax, Nella lay on the bed, on her back, with her head just over the edge. "Wanna try to deepthroat me?" she asked, breathing hard, glistening with sweat. I didn't even reply I simply kneeled in front of her and let her take my cock into her mouth. She licked it, sucked it, spat on it to put as much lube as she could.
In the end she couldn't take my entire length, but the attempts were incredibly erotic and stimulating. The mere fact that she was suddenly willing to try after a few ill-fated attempts a few years back was exciting for me. I think I managed to fuck her for a few seconds, reaching that extra inch we had discovered accidentally the last time. In the end I moved slightly up, letting her suck me normally as I dove for her pussy. I really enjoyed the classic 69 position, especially with the man on top. As she came, I slipped slightly deeper again, but didn't dare push it harder.
When she was done with her second climax, she pushed me off and told me sit on the edge of the bed. She knelt in front of me and proceeded to give me the most intense blow-job ever, alternating between her mouth and her breasts. How I pity the men in relationships with small-breasted women... Gods the pleasure of that combined attack of mouth and lubed cleavage... Shit!
As I began to moan harder, Nella moved my cock to her mouth and sucked me very hard a few times before pulling away. As she sat on her feet, she whispered "Cum on my face!" I opened my eyes wide and stood up, jacking off inches from her face. I was treated to such a pleasure once every year or so, and tonight was the night. She didn't like that very much, but knew I loved it.
As I climaxed, I felt the sperm boiling in my balls and then course through my cock. I gripped my glans tightly for a second before releasing my hold, sending a thick jet of cum directly on her face, covering her nose, lips and chin. The second jet went higher, on her forehead and one eye, forcing her to close it. The rest of my ejaculation went all over the place and began dripping to her breasts.
When I sat back down on the bed, exhausted, I watched in fascination as she used her fingers to scoop up the sperm and drink it all. Even the gobs on her breasts were cleaned and eaten. She was grinning when she was done, and laughed at the stunned expression on my face. "Again, my love, if you attempt top connect this with Aria, I'll kill you..." I nodded, knowing as well as she did that there was a link.
The following day I found time to listen to the recording. The first part was pretty good, but when the girls moved outside to continue their discussion, the recording went silent and I had nothing more. One passage stood out among the rest.
"So, Nella, my dear friend, ready for a second session?"
"I don't know... This is a bit crazy, no?"
"Crazy?" Aria asked. "Why?"
"Well, with all that happened years ago..."
"Oh. Are you still so jealous?"
"No, I know I'm not." my wife said, echoing what she had told me. "But still, the memories are sad..."
"We've grown since then. Even if your Ian would like to see me naked—"
"What?" Nella said, surprised.
"Oh come now... You know it as well as I do. Most men want to see me naked. You too, by the way!"
"No way!" Nella replied, laughing. "You're the guy magnet, not me!"
"Pfff. When I go out with my other friends, I get a lot less attention. Big breasts on a small frame will attract certain men, but your curves, damn... You scream femininity."
"You're just flattering me!"
"I'm not!" replied Aria. "in any case, would it be so bad if he saw me naked? Do you think he'd love you any less?"
"No. I know that. But when he's going to look at me after..." she trailed off.
"He's going to find you as attractive as he does now. Think about it Nella. What hasn't he seen? My nipples and my bush. The bikini I wore last time left little else to the imagination. And he's seen me wearing it many times before. If he was going to lose interest in you, he would have done so year and years ago."
I heard Nella sighing after that and held my breath waiting for her reply. "Still, nudity is something different. Gods! Did you have to be so damned sexy!" Nella laughed.
"Nella... Can I ask you something I've been meaning to ask you for a long time?"
"Sure, anything. You know I wouldn't lie to you."
"We've been talking about Ian, but would you... Would you like to see me naked?"
"What? What are you talking about?"
"Remember our first year of college, when—"
"No... That was just some drunken mistake!" Nella replied.
"I know that's what you say every time I bring it up, but still..."
"I only agreed to it because I wanted to fuck Dom. And he was more interested in you. Nothing more."
Hearing this, I paused the tape. Did they have a threesome together? What the fuck? What the actual fuck? I'd never heard about that! My mind nearly exploded as it tried to imagine what it could have looked like. I rewinded a bit and listen again. Nella's words were rather clear cut, but her tone was completely off. She wasn't angry and didn't even seem convinced herself.
"I don't really care about Dom now Nella. Can I suggest that the reason you're afraid of letting Ian photograph me naked is that somewhere, hidden, you remember that night differently than you just said?"
"Stop it Aria..." Again, Nella's tone was light despite her words.
"Every time I think about that night I smile and get slightly aroused..."
There was a long silent pause before Nella laughed, then said "You curious wench! You really wanna know? What do you say we go outside to finish this in our bikinis under the sun?"
And that's where the recording ended. There was just a long silence after that until I came back home. Sitting in my chair, I leaned back and closed my eyes, trying to come to grips with what I had just heard. Did they really have a threesome years before I met them? Was that why Aria thought that Nella's jealousy stemmed from repressed desires? Clearly Nella was afraid that I could feel too much desire for Aria, but perhaps that wasn't the only reason. Could she really be afraid that she herself would feel the same thing for her friend? This was insane! Yet this could all be my imagination... While my mind couldn't, or wouldn't, come up with one, I was pretty sure there could be another, threesome-less explanation. But then again... Shit!
Late that same evening with a few glasses of wine, Nella invited me to talk. Her first question shook me. She asked "Ian, why do you want to photograph Aria naked?"
"What? What are you talking about?" I asked, sitting straight up and regretting the two glasses of wine. Nella had had more, but I was feeling tipsy nonetheless.
"I know we're only talking about another bikini session," she said, not even noticing that I was surprised to hear that we were talking about a second one. "But I know you, and I know you'd like to do a nude session—"
"I've done it with you!" I cut her off.
"Yes, and I've enjoyed those." she replied, smiling. "But with your wife, as good as it can be, it's not the same." she paused, and drank another sip. "So, I ask again. Why do you want to photograph her naked?"
"I never said I—"
"Stop it. I know you do." She looked at me seriously. I couldn't read much from her expression.
I took a deep breath and said "Because she's beautiful."
"Yes, she is. Anything else?"
"Else? What sort of else could there be?" I asked, as Nella was looking right into my eyes.
"Do you think she's desirable?"
I didn't reply immediately. Instead, I looked at her, frowning. When her eyebrows rose up slightly, surprised by my silence, I said "I think we've drunk enough wine for the evening, my dear."
"That is not a no!" she said with a smile.
I shook my head and smiled "It's not a yes either. Look, you know I like beautiful women. You've known that about me from the very start. That's why I chose you!"
"Flatterer!" she said, still smiling.
"I also do feel desire for some beautiful women, and it doesn't change a thing between us. What if I did find her desirable. What if I did and we had that second bikini session. What would it change? You think I'll jump on her like an out-of-control, sex-crazed adolescent? Of course not. She's a beautiful woman, she's photogenic, she likes to be in front of the camera and it's a lot less stressful for me than if I tried doing that with a professional model. That is all. But as I said from the start, if you're not comfortable with it, we'll call everything off and forget about it. I wouldn't want to do anything that would make you feel sad or betrayed. Is that enough of an answer for you?"
"So, you do find her desirable?" she asked, a silly smile on her face.
"Oh for fuck's sake!" I said, exasperated. "No more wine for you miss!"
When she giggled, I realized that she was more tired and intoxicated than I realized. I pulled her up and helped her up the stairs to our room and undressed her completely. Sitting on the bed, she smiled drunkenly and said "I so wanna fuck you again! I'm so wet! Touch my pussy, you'll see..."
"Shhh... Nobody's gonna fuck anybody tonight!" I said, laughing slightly. Nella really liked wine, but she was rarely drunk. That, too, was a sign that something was going on in her head.
"I'm sure she'd like to fuck you too..." she added, her eye half closed.
"Now now... Stop talking about—"
"Would you like to fuck her?"
"That's enough Nella. Just lie back, and count from ten to zero. I'll answer your question once you reach zero."
She was snoring before hitting five. I sat in the bed next to her, looking at her and smiling. She was beautiful, and if Aria had only the slightest bisexual inclinations, she would find Nella extremely attractive. The same went for Nella, actually. It was strange to think that maybe these two had had a threesome together. Before getting up, I whispered "Of course I'd like to fuck her. Now the question is 'Do you want to fuck her as well?'" I stared at Nella's sleeping form. If she had been faking her sleep, she would have reacted at my words. She just snored. I undressed and joined her and fell asleep in minutes.
"How do you feel about doing a lingerie shoot with Aria?" asked Nella as I was drinking my orange juice the next morning. I almost snorted my juice out. She had, strangely enough, woken up way before I did and had had time to shake off the hangover. I had drunk less than she had, but was still groggy. She had her back to me, making some eggs for our breakfast. Given that I wasn't answering her question, she turned around and repeated her question.
"I heard you." I grumbled. "Are you serious?"
"Why would I not be?" she asked, an innocent smile on her face.
"Come here. Sit with me."
"I can't, the eggs will burn!"
"I'll wait." When she finally came to the table a few minutes later, I had most of my wits with me and thought I could talk about this without making a total mess of it. "I'll ask again." I said. "Are you serious about this?"
"Of course. Bikini or lingerie, what's the difference? I talked with her about it this morning, and she agreed. She should be here later today."
"Today?" I closed my eyes and took a few deep breaths. My heart was suddenly pounding, but I tried not to let it show. I said "Ok. I'll charge my batteries for the flashes."
It was a dumb comment, and Nella grinned. But she didn't say anything. Six hours later, I was in my living room, with Nella sitting next to me and Aria standing in front of me wearing nothing but mind-bogglingly beautiful and sexy lingerie. I tried my best not to just stop and ogle her from head to toe, but it was hard. She was wearing a stupidly sexy set from Aubade, named "entrevue secrete", all in black. The bra was an intricate affair of lace, but the first thing I noticed was that it was push-up. Damn! Aria didn't need push up bras!
As it was, her breasts were indecently enhanced, bulging out of her bra. Not bulging in the sense that her breasts were spilling over from a bra that was too small. No no... They were proud and firm, the curves smooth and pronounced. The cups themselves were in two distinct pieces, the outer one delicate lace in a flowery pattern and the inner part were composed of four ribs interspaced with skin coloured fabric.
Above the great swell of her breasts, the bra had what I could only describe as flying buttresses. They were attached at the base between her breasts and rose up around her breasts bulges and fixed near her shoulders. They made a perfect counterpoint to the arch of the cup, highlighting the cleavage line even more. The touches of lace at the top completed the look.
At first glance I thought that the skin coloured fabric was transparent lace, but as I didn't see her nipples through it, my heart quieted down. On the other hand, her panties were, actually, really transparent. I could plainly see that if Aria didn't shave completely, she only had a strip of hair above her pussy. The pattern on her mini-coeur panties, which were their actual name, was once more very beautiful and intricate, and there was a solid black triangle that covered her lips and a very tightly knit pattern all the way up to the top. When she turned around and I saw her ass, Im pretty sure my jaw dropped. It wasn't a g-string, but given that it was pretty much see-through all the way... Damn!
I closed my mouth and turned to Nella, ready to face her angry frown. As it were, she seemed just as smitten as I was, staring at Aria's ass. I grinned, unable to repress once again an image of these two in a threesome together. I cleared my throat and asked if Aria was ready. She was. We spent the next hour or so taking pictures in our living room, before going to our bedroom.
Those fifteen minutes, as Aria was in our bed, were some of the most fun and tense moments of my life. I had made my peace with the fact that both women could see my erect cock through my jeans. I had chosen a tight pair of boxer briefs and a thick pair of jean shorts. It didn't help much, and after a few teases form them both, I just ignored them. But now, kneeling on the floor to take pictures of a nearly naked Aria writhing in our bed... Shit!
From time to time, they wanted to review the pictures in camera. I knew it wasn't professional, but this wasn't a regular shoot either. When I sat on the bed, they sat on either side of me and leaned in. Close. Very close. When Aria moved her hand and arm to my back, I felt her breast slipping against my own arm. It wasn't subtle, it wasn't something she or I could ignore. But she remained there. At one point, as Nella pointed to a picture on the camera, Aria turned her head slightly towards me and winked at me with a grin.
On the other side, after she was done pointing to one of her favourite images, Nella placed her hand on my thigh. High on my thigh. What she hadn't known was that my cock was resting there, hard and constricted in my shorts. Once again, she couldn't miss it, but she left her hand there. "Ok, enough reviewing! Let's shoot some more!"
"I have an idea for a shot." said Nella. She had remained quieter than during the first session, but it wasn't the first time she suggested a pose. What she had in mind took my by surprise though. "Aria, why don't you get on all fours?"
Aria didn't even blink and assumed the position, lowering her head and pushing her ass outwards. I was standing next to the bed, staring at her. And I couldn't move. All I wanted was to move behind her, snapping her ass at a slight angle. But I couldn't do that. "What's wrong Ian?" asked Nella.
"Well, this is a bit different..."
Nella came to me and kissed me. "Just relax and enjoy this!"
And so I knelt behind Aria and snapped her ass and thighs, trying to include her breasts as much as possible. When she turned her head around and looked at me with a come-fuck-me look, I froze a second before snapping away. I then said "Lean forward and lift your feet..." I said. I watched in fascination as Aria lay on her belly, her legs still opened with her feet up. I didn't even have to ask her to push her ass upwards. When she reached back and fully grabbed one of her buttocks, squeezing it hard, I almost moaned out loud. But a few seconds later, when she turned her head again to look at me with that same killer look, I did.
Both girls laughed as I did. "Ok, turn around and sit on the edge of the bed." I said, trying to cover my discomfort. "And open your legs." I couldn't believe I was allowed to say this, and that she was doing everything I wanted of her. I ended up on my belly between her opened legs, shooting from below, playing with my depth of field to capture her panties and have her breasts and face out of focus. then I focused on her breasts, and finally face. An idea popped in my mind, and before I could censor it, I tried my luck "Why don't you grab your breasts for a moment?" When she did, I snapped away, my eyes widening at the sight of her breasts overflowing from her bra.
I could barely believe what was happening, but I was not going to let this opportunity pass me by. "Would you mind getting your lingerie wet?" She frowned, puzzled. "We could go to the shower and..." I didn't even have time to finish and both women jumped up to go. A few minutes later Aria was in our shower, sexier than a damned succubus, caressing herself all over, glistening under the shower. And then, without warning, Nella said "Why don't you take it off, Aria?"
Aria grinned, not surprised at all, and reached behind her to snap her bra off. She then causally threw it to Nella and kept on posing for me. This time my jaw dropped and I groaned, staring at the most amazing breasts. They moved as they were freed, it was a push-up bra after all, but they didn't sag at all. They just stood there like mountains, resisting gravity with ease. Her aureolas were large, yet proportional to her breasts, pale pink and topped with pronounced nipples. When she bent forward to push her panties off, I saw them jiggling beneath her before settling back to their pert state.
Below, Aria's pussy was mostly shaven, with a thick dark line above her pussy, maybe 3 inches long. Her lips were generous and smoothly shaven. Before reality could truly set in, I snapped pictures at a crazy rate, capturing her as she grinned and laughed at this machine gun pace. She then continued to caress herself, lathering up with Nella's soap. I was kneeling on the floor, taking so many pictures either of her entire body, her breasts, her waist, her pussy, her ass, her thighs... I even asked her to stop moving for a moment as I zoomed my lens to its maximum length to take a macro of her pussy. It was obvious that I was doing it, and nobody said anything.
After that she washed the soap off of her body and cupped her pussy with one hand. She then visibly pushed one finger inside her pussy and moaned out loud. At the same time, I felt Nella walk past me and I looked up, shocked by her nudity. She joined Aria in the shower and after a few moments they hugged. And hugged. And kissed. It was absolutely impossible to comprehend. They obviously were not play kissing for the benefit of the camera. They were just kissing like two people burning with lust. When Aria closed her hand on my wife's ass, pulling her closer against her, I moaned.
They both looked at me and laughed. And despite my shock, I just kept snapping. The first shot of Nella's hand closing on Aria's full breast is still one of my favourite pictures ever. It was one of the first, but wasn't the last. I was barely conscious of what Iw as doing as I snapped away, enjoying the show way too much. Aria soon bent forward and took Nella's massive breast in her hand before closing her mouth around her nipple. She then motor-boated them as Nella laughed.
Nella then knelt in front of her friend and feasted on her breasts in turn. When Aria moaned and spasmed at the same time, I looked down to see my wife's hand on Aria's pussy. Then her fingers inside. Aria laughed breathlessly, grinding her pussy against Nella's hand, all the while guiding my wife's head on her breasts. She was shaking and laughing, then said "This has been a long time coming, my dear..." Nella only "hmmed" back, never letting go of her friend's breasts.
Aria suddenly turned towards me and grinned. She pulled away from Nella and walked out of the shower. "Ian, you're way over dressed here. Give me that and join your wife!" she dried her hands and grabbed my camera as I obeyed her dumbly. I still couldn't quite believe that she was standing right next to me, fully naked and dripping with water, sexier than I thought a woman could ever be. But as I looked at Nella, and her opened arms, I woke up, grinned and took her.
We hugged and kissed, but soon I felt her thigh lifting up and I squatted down to let my cock slip against her pussy. And then up inside it. Behind me, Aria said "Oooh! This will look good! Turn a bit, I wanna see your cock entering her!" I laughed briefly, overwhelmed by the surreality of all this. She was asking me to show how my cock was inside my wife's pussy so she could photograph it. And she was the woman who I desired the most in the world after my wife, naked right there next to me. This was a fucking dream!
After letting Aria take a few shots, I pulled out and turned Nella around. She leaned forward and placed her hands on the wall as I took her from behind. As I was guiding my cock in Aria came very close and said "Damn... That's a nice cock. Push it in... Oh shit. That's nice!" she kept talking as she shot more pornographic images. "OK pull it out almost completely... Yes, like this. Damn, your big Ian! Now, fuck her!" And I did, feeling the warm shower hitting my back. I looked at Aria who looked right back into my eyes.
"Can I kiss you?" I asked her.
"Of course you can... That and much more I hope."
She placed the camera on the table away from the shower and came back, took my head in both her hands and kissed me. When I wrapped my arm around her warm body and pulled her in, feeling my side slipping against her belly as I fucked Nella, I felt something explode inside me. Not my climax, not yet, but something not wholly different. I had just realized one of my most intense fantasies: including Aria in me and Nella's sex play. And it was just beginning.
Our shower was not very large, and fitting three people in there would be a problem. Then again, when the three people wanted to be as close as we wanted to, it also provided opportunity. I pulled out of Nella and stepped out of the tub, letting Aria in. I grabbed my camera, placed it on it's gorilla-tripod, set the video settings to 4K and hit the record button.
When I stepped back inside the bath, the shower was now off. Aria and Nella were already kissing again, and I walked behind Aria. When I pressed my fully erect cock against her ass, she moaned and pushed back slightly. This was insane! Looking down, I could see my shaft, pointing straight up, nestled between her two buttocks. I spat on it and began moving up and down, not letting my sensitive glans touch her ass. For now, with Nella's pussy juice and my saliva for lubrication, I slowly slid up and down, trying to wrap my head around the fact that I could actually decide to fuck her at any moment.
And boy did I want to! I also knew that I wanted to stretch this out as much as possible. Leaving my cock in its warm embrace, I slipped my hands to her hips, then sides then against her breasts. Here I was, touching Aria's breasts! Finally, I was touching her breasts! It was impossible, yet here I was! As an added bonus, if I wanted to cup them fully, I had to push my hands between Aria's and Nella's breasts. When I finally managed to do it and closed my large hands around the generous flesh I had been fantasizing about for more than a decade, I groaned and shook.
Hearing me, Aria turned her head and pulled away from Nella. Suddenly more free, I mauled her breasts, wanting to rip them off and eat them like a damned cannibal! Instead, I continued to massage and squeezed them, lifting them to feel their weight before releasing them momentarily to watch them bounce. Grinning, Nella knelt down again and placed her face between Aria's breasts. I laughed headily as I pressed Aria's breasts around my wife's face.
As I was having the time of my life, Aria surprised me just when I was hitting the lowest point in my up and down motions. She had been steadily lowering herself as I played with her breasts and I had followed her without realizing it. Now, when she lifted herself up on tiptoes suddenly, she made the tip of my cock slip between her legs. When she moved back down, my cock was pressed firmly against her pussy. Her burning hot pussy. "I haven't had a cock in me for way too long Ian, and now I want yours. Just fuck me already... Stop dreaming and take me!"
I looked at Nella, my wife, my loving wife, my jealous wife, and she looked back with raw lust in her eyes. After this crazy midsummer dream, I knew we'd have a long conversation. But not now. Now I had to fuck the woman who had dominated my fantasies for so long!
I released one of her breasts and grabbed my cock. I could feel that she was more than wet enough and I simply pushed against her pussy, feeling her lips part and finding her hole. When I pushed up, impaling more than half of my length inside her, she cried out and bent forward at the waist. Nella was right there and they began to kiss. I looked at the kiss, then at my cock inside her and knew I was still reeling from it all. Pulling out almost completely, I pushed back in and this time stopped only when her ass pushed back against me.
I was staring at her ass and at my cock which had disappeared inside her. This was not possible! I was fucking Aria! My cock was buried inside her! As I pulled back and began fucking her, I simply could not look anywhere else than the junction of her pussy and my cock. The pistoning motions sent waves of pleasure, both physical and psychological. Even if Aria had been an awkward or shy lover, this would have been mind-blowingly delightful. But she wasn't awkward or boring. She already looked, acted and felt like a bonfire, grabbing my thigh to pull me harder against her.
And as they both continued to kiss, Aria broke that kiss a few times to murmur things like "Nella, your husband's cock is just too good... "You've kept it all for yourself... That's why you didn't want to share, little devil! Do you take him in your mouth often? Have you let him fuck your ass? But with such a big cock, I'm not sure I would... Fuck this is good! Harder Ian! I wanna be the first one to come today!"
I was trying to hold on to some shred of self-control, but as she spoke she kept pushing me, and Nella, to higher and higher levels of pleasure. I reached around her hips and grabbed her pussy with my hand. As I squeezed, Aria cried out and I did nothing fancier than keep a steady pressure: our movements did the rest. Less than a minute later she was climaxing, shouting her pleasure in the echoing bathroom. I felt her pussy getting hotter, wetter and tighter as she clamped her muscles around my cock. I had maybe thirty seconds before my own climax claimed me: after all, I was in Aria's orgasming pussy!
Before hitting mine, though, I pulled out. Aria moaned in annoyance, but I said "I don't want to cum so soon! I don't want this to stop!" By then Aria was shaking, kneeling down in front of Nella, resuming their kiss. I stepped out of the crowded bath, dried my hands and grabbed my camera. Zooming in for a better look at their kiss and their four breasts dancing together, I gave my cock some time to relax. Not get soft, I think that would have been impossible right now, just to relax.
Looking lower, I saw that they were caressing each's other's pussy. Nella began to moan louder and louder, and I could see Aria grinning through their kiss. When Nella arched her back with a first spasm of pleasure, Aria laughed and said "Gods it's been too long since I've made you cum..." The information barely registered in my mind even though learning this a week ago would have been a total game changer.
Nella stood up in front of her friend, and placed her right foot on the tub's deeper side. Taking her cue, Aria leaned forward and dove in Nella's pussy. I was kneeling by now, filming that fantastic cunnilingus from up close. Soon Nella's body shook again, and another time. She had both her hands on Aria's head, guiding her movements. I pulled away when I felt that she was going to cum, capturing the entire scene from Aria's bouncing breasts, to her tongue in my wife's pussy, to Nella's heaving breasts and her face as she climaxed.
Laughing as Nella pulled away as her climaxed waned, Aria grabbed her friend and helped her back down in the tub. They kissed one more time, and I saw that Nella purposefully tasted her own pussy on Aria's tongue, something she liked to do with me as well. Aria then turned towards me and motioned me to come closer. With both of them kneeling the tub, I stood right in front of them, my hard cock inches away from their faces.
As I filmed, they both grabbed my cock and began to caress, squeeze and jerk it, all the while massaging my balls. When Aria spat on it, I felt a powerful thrill deep in my belly. I then watched, entranced, as she took me in her mouth. Nella was right there, kissing and licking the base of my cock at the same time. I felt like a porn producer and the luckiest man alive. When I saw my glistening cock slipping out of Aria's mouth only to slip inside Nella's, I moaned and shook above them.
Reaching back I zoomed the camera on wide angle, placed it on the vanity top and prayed that it was angled correctly. When I placed one hand on either of their heads, I felt like a god. At one point they both kissed, licked and nibbled on my glans at the same time, and I knew that if I died right then, it would be with a contented grin on my face. When Nella next took me inside her, I saw her shuffle her knees and change the angle of her neck, and I knew she would take me deep. I relaxed my hold on her head and let her take me. When most of my cock disappeared into her mouth, I saw Aria's eyes widening in surprise. "Shit girl!" she said. "That's a long cock and it's mostly inside your mouth! Damn!"
Nella wasn't really deepthroating me, but she sometimes let me reach the back of her mouth for a few seconds. After she pulled back, Aria took me inside her and tried to do the same thing. She didn't get as deep, but the thrill was just about the same, given whose mouth I was now in. After a few rounds each, they resumed just sucking me normally. But I wasn't about to give in to my pleasure so soon. "Why don't we move to our bed?" I asked them.
"Why don't you cum all over our faces?" asked Aria in return.
I grinned, enjoying every moment of this. "Soon. But I want your breasts... I want all of your breasts on my cock at the same time!"
The women laughed and we got out of the bathroom. After drying ourselves quickly, we got up to our room. As I placed the camera in a corner, I realized that less than an hour earlier, my mind had been blown by Aria's lingerie photoshoot. And now I had fucked her, and been sucked by her and Nella at the same time. Aria threw herself on the bed and Nella followed her, kneeling first. She didn't get far. As soon as I saw her kneeling, I stepped in behind her, found her dripping pussy and impaled her. She cried out half in surprise half in pleasure.
As I fucked her, Aria saw an opportunity and scooted under Nella's face. Without waiting a second, Nella lowered herself down and began eating her friend's pussy. "Damn Nella! You're so fucking good as this! I've never met a man anywhere close to being this good! I've fantasized about you sucking my pussy every since that first time!"
I laughed behind Nella, staring at her face in Aria's pussy. "You know we're going to have to talk about this lesbian thing between you two, right?"
Aria laughed, and said "Yes... Don't worry. For now, don't distract her, your wife the magician is going to give me another climax!"
I kept fucking Nella, slower than my reptilian brain wanted to. The feelings and the glorious sight in front of me would drive me to my own climax in a matter of seconds if I wasn't careful. I almost stopped fucking Nella as Aria's voice rose a few minutes later, rose until she cried out her second climax. I was mesmerized by her body as she did, twitching and tensing around Nella's face, her breasts being thrown every which way in the process. When she pushed Nella away, I pulled out and dropped on the bed next to Aria. Nella joined us and said "So, you want our four breasts on your cock at the same time? How dare you suggest that Aria would put her breasts on your cock, you degenerate adulterer?"
We all laughed at her joke. Soon after that, they both knelt next to me and leaned over. I wasn't sure exactly how they managed to arrange themselves, but soon I was fucking their four breasts. It was unimaginably good. I could have stayed here for hours, but as they took turn taking the tip of my cock in their mouths before spitting more saliva on my shaft, I knew I couldn't last much longer. "Can I cum in Aria's pussy?"
"Of course." they both said at the same time.
"Now would be a good time!" I said as they laughed.
Seconds later I saw Aria empaling herself on my cock, squatting above me and fucking me very intensely. I probably lasted no more than ten seconds, but that didn't matter now. I felt a stab of pain as my orgasm crested, a sharp pang of physical shock as my entire body convulsed under Aria. At the same time, Nella straddled me and pressed her pussy against my face. How the fuck could I have forgotten about one of my favourite fantasy positions?
But Nella hadn't forgotten. As I shot jets of sperm into the most desired and taboo of pussies, I ate my wife's wet pussy and drank in her juices. I was pretty sure they were kissing above me, but didn't much care. All I cared about was the hot pussy around my cock being filled by an overdose of my sperm. I could now hear the wet cum-filled sounds of her pussy pushing out the excess with ever stroke. Eventually I grabbed her thigh and stopped her. I remained there, eating Nella and slowly stretching my climax's post-peak pleasure inside Aria's pussy.
At one point, after an undetermined amount of time, they both pulled away from me and kissed me. I think I heard Aria saying "Are you opposed to drinking your husband's cock from another source?", but it was all a blur. When I turned around on my side, I watched them locked into a fierce 69 as they pushed at least one orgasm each out of the other's body. I was way too spent to join them, but I knew I was grinning like a fool as I watched them.
Aria spent the evening with us and somewhere deep in the night we fucked again. This time, only a few hours since my last climax, I was able to last a lot longer. I fucked Aria really hard, and she kept crying for more. By the time I came, we were both dripping with sweat and she'd had three climaxes. Nella's presence, either in a long kiss, a long session of breast sucking and clit tonguing as I fucked Aria, helped a lot.
I had no idea what tomorrow held in store for us, if this was a one time explosion of pent-up lust or if this would turn into something deeper, more important. As I came a second time in Aria's sweet pussy, I focused on the present before pretty much fainting away as my climax faded.