Ruby Tuesday
Spilling the beans at lunch.
Cate decided not to go straight home from her massage. She still had to come down a bit from her experience with Mitchell. Instead, she texted Ruby and asked her friend if she had time to meet for tea at Loretta's, one of their favourite neighbourhood eateries. Ruby was excited to see her BFF and said she'd meet her there in 15 minutes. She arrived at the funky little cafe to find Cate already seated and pouring herself a tea from the pot on the table.
"Hey, Cate. Nice to see you again so soon. How's it going?"
"Ahh. Really good. Totally relaxed. Rubbery in fact. I just came from a massage with Mitchell."
"You lucky duck. I just love him. He has the best hands and is such a sweet guy. Did you do the full hour? That's what I book when I can afford it."
"Well, that's just it, I guess. Don't be shocked. We did a 50-minute nude, full-body massage and then he fucked me senseless for 10 minutes after that. So... that happened."
"Holy shit! For real? That happened? Are you kidding me?"
"Nope. Not kidding. Not a word of a lie," Cate said seriously. "Tom had this crazy idea for me to strip naked in front of Mitchell and then get him to give me a full body massage. He wanted him to do my boobs and butt, and for me to notice if it turned the guy on. He said to make sure to peek and see if it gave him a boner. I'm supposed to give him a detailed report of the massage when I get home. You know how he is... he figured it would get us both hot and we'd devour each other. Kind of like when I described to him the little episode that you and I had.
"Well, we had this big conversation about it before I left and I told him it could be a precarious situation. I said it would more than likely get me super horny and obviously Mitchell was going to get cranked up as well. I mean, the guy was going to be massaging my legs, my tits, my ass and who knows what might happen. I told him it was unfair to both of us to be put in that position. I then said that he had better think this one through and text me in the car while I was on my way. I wanted him to figure out exactly what he wanted me to do before getting naked in the room. He sent me this," Cate explained, showing the text to Ruby.
hey babe. been thinking about u and mitchell
i want u to go for it
it's free pass time. cash it in babe.
just don't fall in love
whatever happens...i want deets.
have fun. love u
xoxo / t
"Wow. Okay. So, I guess you're going to have an interesting conversation when you get home. I mean, he gave you the green light and it seems like he was right into it. Do you think he'll regret it? Will he freak out?"
"No, I don't think he'll freak out. He's not the freak out type. He may regret it but I honestly don't know. It could have been just fantasy for him but I doubt it. He offered up the Free Pass, said to cash it in, and then asked for details. We'll see I guess." Cate said, shrugging her shoulders.
"What was Mitchell's reaction? Was he weirded out? He seems like such a shy, innocent guy to me."
"Maybe a bit at first but he got into the swing of things pretty fast. Hey, don't forget, he's a single guy and he's been single for a while now since he dumped that bitch, Lydia. Plus, I basically just asked him to finger me to orgasm and then fuck the shit out of me. I think he's pretty happy with the way his day turned out," Cate chuckled. "I mean, he was definitely surprised by the odd turn of events but he didn't put up much of a fight once I got the ball rolling."
"He's single? That's news to me. He's not with Lydia anymore? When did that happen?" Ruby asked.
"Quite a while ago. Yup, he's a free agent and my pal Julia, the receptionist, tells me there's no chance of getting back with the bitch, so it's open season on Mitch. You don't get to the place as often as I do so you're not on top of all the hot gossip. Julia fills me in on all the juicy news at the clinic."
"Interesting. I had no idea. Well, Do you think he's going to want to fuck you every time you go there now.? That's going to be awkward, don't you think?"
"No. He's not that guy. You know him. He's too sweet to act like that. He knows this was a one-off and he'll take it for what it was. I just cashed in a Free Pass and he was the lucky winner. And if I were you, I'd get in there while he's still available. He's a total catch and I think you two would be good with each other. Next time you're in for a massage make sure you work your magic. Oh, and by the way, I filmed the part with us fucking, and he said it's cool for me to show Tom. I asked him."
"You filmed it? You're kidding. Oh, my gawd. This I gotta see. Am I allowed?" Ruby implored. "Maybe after I see the goods I'll give some serious consideration to your suggestion."
Both women giggled at that but then Cate replied, "Yeah, I'll show you. I think that's the one thing I'm a little worried about when it comes to Tom's reaction. The whole idea of stripping and exposing myself on the table was his to begin with so I'm sure he'll get all excited hearing me describe it to him. And that'll have to do because I didn't film it. He should be okay with the fact that I used the Free Pass because I'm sure he's already prepared himself for it. I warned him that we were both going to get turned on. I mean, you read the text. He was pretty definite.
"I got the idea of recording it because I thought it would really turn him on to see what went down after the massage. I'm grateful to Mitchell for giving me the okay to show it to him. He didn't mind that I videoed it and was only worried about how Tom would react to seeing his wife 'cheating' on him. I told him that it wasn't cheating because it was my Free Pass and I also filled him in a bit on Tom's... proclivities.
"It's actually Tom seeing the video that has me a bit concerned. You know about Tom's E.D. thing, right? Well, I think deep down he struggles with feelings of inadequacy even though we've been able to work around the problem. We have an exciting and satisfying sex life as you know but I think he still puts undue pressure on himself. Part of it is a male ego thing and I'm concerned that when he sees Mitchell's hard-on pounding into me and hears my dirty talk, that's it's going to fuck with his psyche a little. Maybe I'm wrong and he'll be all right with it but I can't help thinking about the downside. I don't want to damage the guy but there has to be full disclosure. It's a weird position to be in."
"Well, you're going to have to make a decision soon if you're heading home. You either forget about the video and just describe what happened, or push 'PLAY' and hope for the best. Okay, now lemme see it," Ruby said, moving her chair beside her friend's.
Cate propped her phone up on the table and set the video playing with it on mute so as not to disturb the other patrons with its raunchy soundtrack. The first scene was a blurry, extreme closeup of Cate's chest. It was obvious that she had just set up her phone, hit the 'REC' button and was standing right in front of it. As she moved out of frame it revealed Mitchell positioned in front of the door facing the long side of the massage table. He was sporting a sizeable tent in his track pants and his eyes never wandered from his walking wet dream of a client, a possible reason why he failed to notice the phone on the shelf that was recording the action. He moved slowly towards Cate as she stepped back into frame on his side of the table. With her back to the camera, she momentarily blocked its view of the therapist.
Cate then reached out and tugged down Mitchell's pants, extracting her substantial prize. After a moment or two of fondling, she dropped to her knees and busied herself with what appeared to be the pleasurable task of sucking Mitchell's cock. Her hands circled his body, clutching his ass cheeks and pulling him farther into her mouth as he twisted his fingers in her hair. Cate's head began to steadily bob up and down and Mitchell soon began helping the process by thrusting his engorged penis into her wet, drooling mouth. Her oral attack went on for several minutes before Cate abruptly popped to her feet, turned around and bent at the waist, offering her back end to Mitchell. His long, throbbing member, slippery with saliva, could briefly be seen in the frame as Cate kept hold of it in an effort to direct it into her anxious pussy.
"Wait. Can we please just pause it for a second? I just wanna take a good look at that dick," Ruby implored, elbowing her friend.
Cate hit pause so the two friends could take a close-up inspection of Mitchell's weapon. She two-fingered the screen until it was just the man's erection filling the display. It was an impressive specimen, wet and shiny and ready for action.
"He's got a really nice cock, doesn't he? It's the perfect size. Biggish, but nothing a gal can't handle. It stretched my opening and filled me up beautifully," Cate said.
She hit 'PLAY' and let the video continue.
Mitchell's hand helped stuff his cock into Cate's eager cunt as she kept one hand on his penis and used the other to steady herself on the massage table. Mitchell began to ram her from behind as Cate appeared to be saying something as he fucked her.
"I'm telling him to just fuck me hard and cum. To not hold back. I'd already cum from his fingers so I just wanted him to unload in me," Cate explained.
Ruby's eyes widened in either shock or excitement when she saw that Mitchell had grabbed handfuls of Cate's curls and pulled her head back. Prodded by her dirty talk he continued to forcefully slam his cock into her. Her big jugs flopped wildly back and forth underneath her to the beat of his intense pounding.
"Holy shit!" Ruby whispered. "This is amazing. Jeezus, he's hammering the fucking shit out of you. Oh, you lucky bitch. I vaguely remember getting fucked. I recall that I liked it. A lot."
Cate laughed. "Right? I'll say. Here... Look... This is where he cums in me. I could feel his juice just shoot into my puss. He just kept squirting and squirting. It was a big load. He must have been saving it up since the breakup. It felt sooo good. Look... there. I love how he's still playing with my tits and just letting his cock soak in me. I made him stay in me until he softened and fell out. I gotta say, it was a pretty wonderful experience. I fucking loved it. Thank you Tom."
"No shit. I can see why. That was quite the session. It will be interesting to see what your hubby thinks of it. I mean, you have to tell him about getting fucked anyway, so you might as well show it to him and see what happens. It's pretty fucking hot to watch. I'll bet he'll want you to blow him while he watches it. Fuck, if I had a copy of it I'd finger myself so hard I'd break a nail," Ruby said. "Okay, well keep me posted and let me know how your evening goes you lucky slut."
Cate and Ruby said their farewells and went their separate ways.
On the way home Cate called the clinic and booked a massage for Ruby with Mitchell. She said they should call Ruby to confirm a date and that they were to put an hour session on her account.
This was a pot she felt good about stirring.