Tom and Sydney returned to the campus the next day (although Amanda had insisted on them staying an extra two, for reasons she never fully went into). The couple was making out in the hallway just outside Tom's dorm room.
"Why don't we take this somewhere more comfortable?" he said, opening the door to the dorm. There in the living room of the dorm sat a shirtless Cliff, with a maid uniform and catgirl-ear wearing Casey on his lap, both now turned to look at the couple.
"Oh. Were you guys-" Tom started.
"Yeah" said Casey.
"I mean we wanted to-" Sydney started.
"Well, go somewhere else." said Cliff.
"...comrades, I think that we should acknowledge the dorm as common proper-" Tom started to say, before a leather-bound copy of Das Kapital came flying towards him, missing him only because he backed away and shut the door to stop the book.
"Fine! But next time put a sock on the door or something, Casey!" Tom shouted.
He sighed and turned to Sydney. "Well, that's not happening any time soon."
Sydney looked down the hall, then gave a devilish grin. "Well... not necessarily" she said.
"Why, what are you thi-".
He saw where Sydney was looking.
"Oh, no."
"Oh, yes."
"Oh hell no."
"Oh hell yes!"
"You know how bad of an idea that is, right?"
"Since when do you of all people care about rules?"
"There are practical methods of going about things, this is not practical."
"It's hot though."
Tom rolled his eyes in frustration. Both at Sydney insistence on this horrible idea... and at himself because he was about to agree to it.
"Fine" he said "But if we get caught, solidarity be damned I will throw you under the bus on this one."
"Fair enough now come on!" she said anxiously, grabbing him by his wrist. The two stood outside the men's room at the end of the hall. Tom looked around carefully, then checked the stalls, then came back outside and grabbed Sydney. The two went into the nearest stall.
"Swear to God, you're lucky they keep these stalls as clean as they do," he said, unbuckling his belt. He undid his zipper, revealing his hard dick. Sydney lifted up her dress, revealing that she hadn't been wearing any panties. "Man, what's gotten into you lately?" Tom asked with a grin.
"I feel closer to you after that weekend with your family, Tom. I feel like I can trust you with anything, it makes me want to try more with you. Now hurry up and lift me up to your hip you worm, we can talk after I cum," she said. Tom did as he was told, lifting her upwards. She wrapped her legs around his waist, guiding his cock inside of her. She met Tom's gaze and softly commanded, "Kiss me. Kiss me while you fuck your goddess."
He closed the bridge between their mouths, and began fucking her while he straddled her in his arms, keeping a tight grip on her exquisite ass. Initially he fucked her slowly, not wanting to lose his attention to his surroundings, but as Sydney's hands moved around him, and as her tongue played with his, he lost his focus and began fucking her more rapidly. Their kisses helped mute what would have otherwise been immense screams of pleasure.
She dug her grip into his body, shook slightly, and came on him. Breaking the kiss, she whispered in his ear, "Fill me. Tribute your seed to me."
He pushed himself as deep as he could inside her, then gave her everything. The two gripped each other tightly, not wanting a single moment of intimacy to fade. Unfortunately, neither could really bask in any kind of post-coital bliss, because shortly after he came, the door to the bathroom opened.
The next sound they heard was Alan, singing a pop song off key. The both of them met the other's gaze, wide-eyed in fear. Tom leaned in and whispered to Sydney, "Hold on tight for a second".
She nodded and tightened her grip. Tom released his, grabbed his cell out of his pocket, typed out a message, and held the phone up to her:
LAND ON YOUR FEET!!
She looked at him confused, but before she had the chance to respond, Tom pulled out of her, lifted her onto his shoulders, and leaned her against the stall. She caught on and quickly made a descent into the other stall. Thankfully, the impact of her landing wasn't very loud. Tom sent her another text:
W8 4 me 2 give u another text.
Ordinarily he was a stickler for grammar, but this required speed. Tom wiped his cock clean, tucked it back into his jeans, then flushed the toilet in the name of illusion. Alan finished up at the urinal he was using as Tom exited the stall and noticed him at the sink.
"Ah! Tom! Just the man I was looking for!" he said. "I've been trying to get in touch with you for a couple days now, you weren't answering your phone!
"I don't remember giving you my number." Tom said as Alan walked up to the sink next to him.
"I'm the R.A. Tom, I have everyone's number," Alan said, making his way to the door. "Come by my office, there's something important we need to discuss".
Tom dried his hands and stood in disgust. Not only because he had to be in a room alone with Alan, but because the creep had decided washing his hands was optional. He exited the bathroom, looked around and shot Sydney an all-clear text before heading downstairs to the R.A.'s office.
Alan's room was the polar opposite of his own. Well-organized to the point of mechanical, not a thing out of place, and seemingly no dust. The furniture was either dark grey or matte black, from the chairs on both ends of the desk in the middle of the room, to the bean bags in the back corners.
"This man must be a robot" Tom thought to himself.
"Have a seat, have a seat!" Alan insisted, sitting at the desk, his back facing the back end of the room. Tom sat down at the other end of the desk. Alan reached under the desk and pulled out two scotch glasses, then proceeded to pull out a fifth of whiskey with a black vinyl label.
"Scotch?" he asked. Tom shook his head.
"More for me" said Alan, pouring himself a glass, then putting the bottle back under the desk.
"Sydney tells me you're a mechanic." Alan said.
"That's right." Tom responded.
"Tell me, what's the most expensive thing you've worked on?" Alan asked.
Tom leaned back a bit and thought about it.
"It's OK, you can tell me you've never seen anything pricier than a Beetle" Alan said.
"Well it's not that," Tom said "It's more a matter of me not knowing whether or not the Benz I worked on was new or pre-owned".
Alan twisted his face in confusion.
"Because if it was pre-owned, that probably makes the Maserati that comes in every year the most expensive thing I've put my hands on."
"I-I'm sorry, what? How is you've touched a Maserati?"
"Oh, my workplace is about fifteen miles away from a real bougie city. One year we had a guy come in, the transmission on his Porsche had just blown out. We fixed it up, he spread the word, and soon after, despite being a union shop, we got rich people coming in on a semi-regular basis. Except the Maserati I mentioned, that's annual."
Alan looked on stupefied.
"Was there a point to that question?" Tom asked. Alan shook his head and regained his composure.
"Yes. I work for a big accounting firm, Tom. Lots of people with large amounts of money and very nice cars. I want to bring you to the company party next week and help you network with some potential clientele." Alan said. Now it was Tom who wore confusion on his face.
"Why?" he asked incredulously.
"Tom, as much as it disgusts me, to the core of my being, that my darling sister has chosen to date a filthy, anti-American, communist son of a-"
"Be very careful with the next word that comes out of your mouth, my Mom passed not two years ago."
"...right. Even though it disgusts me, I refuse to allow for a situation wherein my sister doesn't have a partner who couldn't spoil her as she should be. So, I figure I bring you as a guest, and you get to work on some nice six, seven figure cars. So, with that said, come by the house this weekend, we'll get you a nice suit."
"I already own a suit."
"You own a collection of rags, Tom. Until you have a Brednar family tailor, you've never had a suit. Now go on, go enjoy the rest of your day, I have work to do."
Tom left the office and made haste to his dorm, desperately wanting a shower, only to find a sock on the doorknob.
"Come on, really?!" he said.
"Yes really, now go away!" Casey shouted. Tom stomped off. Maybe the locker room showers were accessible during summer break.
Inside the dorm, Casey and Cliff were sitting on the couch, exchanging deep, sensual kisses, the latter having tossed his shirt aside. Casey made their way down Cliff's neck, gently running their tongue across his skin.
"You taste wonderful," they said, kissing Cliff's collarbone and running their hands all across his bare chest "You feel wonderful."
They continued kissing his chest, until Cliff asked, "How do you feel about me?".
Casey paused, then looked up at him. "I... beg your pardon?"
"How. Do You. Feel. About. Me?" he repeated. Casey blinked a bit.
"I... think you're hot? Why?"
"I just... I mean, what is this? What even is this between me and you?" Cliff asked.
"Sex and friendship, Cliff. That's it. Why, where's this coming from?"
"I mean... I..."
"It's OK, Cliff, you can tell me."
"I met a cute guy... at the party meeting. But I was nervous, cuz I didn't wanna... hurt you and all."
Casey chuckled, then gave Cliff a light kiss.
"You and I aren't dating, Cliff. What we have between us is physical. Beyond that, you're my friend and comrade. If you wanna find a boyfriend and cut me off... I mean, don't get me wrong, I'd miss this... astonishing body of yours..." they said, running their hands across his chest "But you can end this at any time. Hell, you can involve this guy if you like. Do whatever is comfortable for you."
"R-really?" Cliff said.
"Long as it means we could still be friends." Casey responded.
Cliff smiled.
"Totally" he said.
"Excellent! Now, with that being said... How about I give you a handjob and then we watch Evangelion?"
"Make it Ghost In The Shell, I fuckin' hate Shinji Ikari's punk ass."
"Fair enough."
Casey pulled Cliff's jeans down and began working his cock in their left hand, while their right hand and their mouth continued to explore his body. They kissed his neck, while admiring his grand physique. Those broad shoulders, that chiseled torso, those powerful arms, the smooth skin, it was like Casey's own personal Adonis. The feeling wasn't unrequited either. Cliff loved the way Casey kissed him. They had a talented tongue, short yet smooth hair that he loved to pet as they made their way across his body, a petite yet firm frame that could either keep up with or submit to his urges in the right situation. A frame which he currently couldn't enjoy due to their wardrobe choice. He broke the kiss.
"Lose the fuckin' maid outfit" he said.
Casey jolted up and stripped as quickly as possible. They tried to remove the uniform without the catgirl ears, but it proved impossible, so after some fumbling they took off both. Their lean physique was a turn-on for Cliff. Whenever they embraced, the contrast between the size of the two was comforting and sensual. For Casey, it was like being around a sexual giant, and for Cliff, like a delicate, articulate lover. Casey pressed themselves closer and resumed jerking him off. They kissed his shoulder, and started working his cock just a bit faster.
"Please," they whispered in his ear "Please bite my neck."
He honored Casey's request, sinking his teeth into their neck, leaving a loving bite mark.
"Nibble on me more," Casey whimpered. "I want you to taste me. I want you to devour me while I please you".
Cliff gently nibbled Casey's earlobe, as they continued to jerk him faster. They ran their other hand through his afro as he continued his teething tour, moving downwards to gently bite Casey's lower lip, then the other end of their neck, before biting their shoulder. Casey quit jerking him off, and whispered, "P-please... please... I want to suck your enthralling cock. I want you inside my mouth." They kissed lightly, and Cliff nodded, then stood up.
Casey was down on their knees, lightly licking his shaft, all the while jerking their own cock. They started to deep throat him, taking in every inch of his dick. They wanted to feel everything on their masterpiece of a lover.
Pulling back, and briefly removing Cliff from their mouth, they said, "Thrust wildly. I wanna feel your strength. I want you to... to ruin my throat".
They stuck their mouth back on, and Cliff began moving. Casey jerked themselves off as Cliff thrusted, his cock deep in Casey's throat, their soft lips gently massaging his shaft as he moved.
"He's perfect" they thought. Cliff came inside Casey's mouth, and after licking his shaft clean, Casey jerked off onto their hand and licked it clean, loving the sensation of mixing the taste of their juices.
Casey cleaned up, and Cliff called out to them, "Ruin your throat? Man, I didn't know livin' with Tom made you a fuckin' sub."
"Shut up!" Casey called back, embarrassed that that'd actually come out of their mouth. They curled up to Cliff on the couch and turned the Blu-ray player on to watch Ghost In The Shell.
"You meant that shit, right? From before?" Cliff asked.
"Absolutely." Casey said.
The two wound up falling asleep next to each other on the couch. Casey, unfortunately, neglected to remove the sock from the doorknob, leaving Tom out of a room for the night. He yelled at both of them the next morning.