To this point, I have related my memories of the major events leading to and reinforcing my desire to watch. The more I learned, the further I wanted Ellie to venture into the lifestyle of a hot wife. I didn't really focus on being the cuckold; rather I focused on how she began to mature as a sexually passionate woman as her experiences expanded her definitions of sexual pleasure. Her sexual evolution did play a part in our own relationship. It, too, evolved as she became comfortable with her lovers and her extra-curricular affairs knowing that I accepted them, even if she did not share them with me.
A few months after our Hot Summer Night with Robert and Charles, I decided it was time for us to have our own hot night. My parents had been asking to spend some time with our child, so I knew we would have a weekend alone in the near future. I made a trip to Victoria's Secrets and bought what I thought was a racy, yet elegant, nightgown for our weekend. I surprised her with it Saturday morning and shared my plan for a weekend of play and sex. Ellie looked at what I bought and shook her head.
"No, that will not do. I need to go shopping today. I will see you tonight," she said. She took the package and left the house, driving away in my car.
Now I wasn't sure what I should do, but I went ahead with my plans for dinner. Ellie did not return until almost dinnertime. I had almost given up on our weekend when she walked in the back door with a shopping bag. I told her I was happy she was back and asked what she had bought.
"Later," she said and disappeared into the bedroom.
"What's for dinner?" Ellie asked when she returned to the kitchen.
"Steak, roasted potatoes, artichokes cooked as you like them, some good wine, and a special desert from your favorite bakery." I replied.
She walked over and kissed me softly. "Ummmm, I may have a better dessert for you. We'll see what you think later. Let me go dress for dinner," she said.
I set the table and she walked back out in her red bikini top and short shorts, open to her crotch, as was her style. Her red high heels clicked on the wood floor.
"I thought you might enjoy this view during dinner." Ellie said. She walked around the living room opening the drapes and then opened the dining room door to the patio. "It is a nice evening, the weather is warm, and the setting sun casts a nice light in the house," she continued.
"Yes, and you are on display to anyone walking or driving past if they look in the house," I thought to myself. She knew that would excite me.
We enjoyed dinner. It had been months since we had been alone, and we enjoyed aimless conversation, soft jazz on the stereo, and fine wine. I served heart-shaped, white chocolate truffles and an aged port for dessert. When we had finished, Ellie rose from the table and started towards the bedroom.
"You clean up while I get my dessert ready. You might want to pour some more port for us when you finish." she said over her shoulder.
I heard her go into the bathroom and the shower begin to flow as I washed dishes. I thought about changing my attire as well. I was wearing cutoffs, a tee shirt, and no shoes. Not fancy, but appropriate for the warm evening. Besides, I didn't know what she had planned.
After an hour, I was beginning to wonder if she would ever reappear. I heard the bathroom door open and then I heard our bedroom door close. Another twenty minutes passed before I heard her high heels on the floor. I turned to look as Ellie walked into the living room. She walked to where she was framed in the windows, the setting sun streaming in behind her.
She was a vision of perfection. Her blond hair draped over her shoulders. She had bought a white bustier with pink satin laced up the front ending in a small bow below her cleavage. Her breasts were encased in transparent cups topped with a delicate lace. The bone (well, plastic I suppose) stays lifted her breasts from below. Her nipples stood out hard and straining through the thin covering. Garter straps ran down to sheer, white silk stockings that highlighted her gorgeous legs. White, four-inch heels that strapped around her feet and ankles accented her firm legs. They were definitely made for the boudoir and not the street. Sheer panties completed the outfit.
"Is this better than the night gown you bought?" she asked? "I thought you might like to take some pictures before the light is gone. Your camera is sitting on the bed with a fresh roll of film, ready to go."
"She is so beautiful," I thought and then repeated aloud as I began photographing her poses. I moved around so I could catch the evening light casting its soft glow on her body and warming the white satin of her lingerie.
A movement from outside caught my eye. Our neighbor, Herb, was watching our impromptu photo session from the sidewalk. I knew he could see Ellie quite clearly and warned that we had a voyeur. Ellie smiled and walked to the picture window. She struck a sexy pose and waved to Herb. Then she turned, bent over, and shook her sexy ass at him while looking back over her shoulder. Then she turned and placed her right foot on the windowsill spreading her legs open for his enjoyment. Then she blew him a kiss before returning to posing for my camera.
I watched Herb shake his head before turning to walk back to his house. "What was that about?" I asked.
Ellie said Herb had been watching her for some time. The bedroom windows in his two-story house looked down on the patio outside our bedroom and into our bedroom itself if the curtains were open. Ellie would sunbathe nude on the patio, and we both knew Herb often watched her. I noticed Herb in his bedroom window not long after Charles started staying with us. "You know how much I like the morning light, and I noticed him watching Charles and I on several occasions," Ellie said.
"You mean he watched you having sex?" I asked.
"Yes, in our bed and on the patio," Ellie replied. "He started coming over after Charles left to tell me I would rot in hell for my infidelity. I told him I loved you very much, but I needed more to be satisfied. I told him I was not cheating on you. I told him I had your blessing. He told me I was a whore and would go to hell."
I was shocked, but Ellie warned me to calm down. "His wife came over not long afterward to complain that he had started asking his friends over for breakfast when he saw Charles's van parked at our house. I did notice he started keeping his bedroom curtains open. Apparently he has a group of men from his church who watch Charles and I and pray for our souls. His wife is pissed off because she finds soiled tissues littering the bedroom when they leave. She is getting tired of cleaning up after the dirty old men. It never fails. Herb visits me every time Charles leaves. I started to answer the door in the nude figuring that would scare him off, but it just prompted him to ask if he could come in and pray for my soul."
"Did you?" I asked.
"No," Ellie answered, "he is just a pathetic old man getting his jollies watching Charles and I fuck and then attempting to do penance by warning me that I will go to hell for my behavior. His wife told him to stop watching me. He apparently told her it was his duty and his friends' duty to watch us so that they might save my soul. They are just dirty old hypocrites. At least you are honest about your love of watching me having sex and don't spy on other men's wives. I don't mind them watching me, I just wish they were honest about the thrill they get."
I put my camera down, walked to the windows, and closed the curtains. Then I turned and took Ellie in my arms. I kissed her deeply. "God I love you," I moaned, "you are so sexy." I led her to the couch. I pushed her down as I explored her tongue with mine and rubbed her nipples.
"Get your clothes off," Ellie demanded. She watched as I pulled my shirt off. I was barefoot, so it was a simple matter to remove my pants and briefs. It was more comfortable with my erection freed. Ellie reached for me, licking her lips as she took me in her hands. She kissed the tip of my cock before leaning back on the couch.
"Play with my boobs." Ellie begged. I loved her breasts and I loved rubbing them. I loved kissing them. I loved suckling her nipples, alternating with pulling and twisting them until she started squirming below me. I rubbed her ass as I took her in my arms for a long kiss.
She continued stroking my cock and playing with my balls. You know a woman loves you and you love her when you trust her to fondle your balls. You are so vulnerable while she turns you on even more. Ellie knew exactly how to take me to the edge of cumming before backing off.
I toyed with the pink bow below her breasts before pulling it free. I began loosening the bustier freeing her breast from the sheer cups. God, I loved playing with her breasts. I loved rolling her nipples between my fingers while I played with her pussy and stroked her clitoris. I took pride in the fact that I could bring her to orgasm with breast play alone.
"I want you in me." Ellie moaned. "I need you in me."
"Not yet." I whispered as I pulled her panties off.
"Then strip me and tie me up," she pleaded. "Tie me up, please!"
This was new. Could I let it pass? What could I use to tie her up? I had some light rope I carried backpacking. I had some old ties. I would have to improvise.
"Okay," I said, "come with me." Ellie laughed at the inadvertent pun, but she took my hand and stood. I led her down the hall to the bedroom, grabbing my camera along the way. I pulled the covers from our bed and told her to lie down in the center of the bed. I grabbed a handful of ties from my closet and tied her hands to the headboard. Then, I snapped the first set of pictures of her lying there helpless.
I put the camera down and climbed between her legs. I took my time loosening the bustier until I was sure I could slip it over her hips. Then I moved down and unsnapped her garters before climbing off the bed to remove her high heels. I wanted to leave them on, but they had to go. I moved back up and started kissing her pussy, sticking my tongue between her labia and licking softly.
"No," she moaned, "I want you in me." With her hands tied, all she could do was twist and turn against my oral assault. I slid her stockings slowly down her legs eliciting more moans. Finally, pulled the bustier off her body leaving her naked. I rummaged in my closet and found my hiking rope. I tied one end loosely to an ankle, ran it down and under the bed and up again to tie around the second ankle. She struggled, but not too hard.
"You know I can pull myself loose," she said.
"Go ahead," I challenged her while I reached for my camera. She stopped struggling and turned her head from side to side as I took pictures. I wondered if Herb noticed the flashes lighting up the room. Our curtains were closed, so maybe he wasn't watching.
I moved back between her legs, licking her vulva, teasing her clit with the tip of my tongue. She kept squirming and jerking her hips upwards, begging me to enter her. Finally, one of her hands and a foot slipped free. She pushed my head away from her crotch and freed her other hand and foot. Then, to my surprised, she rolled over and spread herself out again. I took the hint and tied her up again. Moving between her legs, I started playing with her anus. I moved my hands up to rub her back and rubbed my cock between her ass cheeks.
"Fuck my ass!" Ellie begged. I got up and grabbed her lubricant from her dresser drawer. I started working it into her anus, slowly pushing in a finger. I thought of watching Robert take her ass. I knew Charles fucked her ass as well. But when it came time to forcing the head of my cock past her tight sphincter, I couldn't do it. I was too afraid I would hurt her. "Fuck my ass!" she insisted, and she tried to thrust back against me. But, I couldn't do it, so I thrust into her vagina instead.
I fucked her hard as she moved against me, trying to force me deeper. She moaned and began shaking as I started cumming inside her. As my need subsided, I lay on top of her, rocking my hips back and forth as I kissed her neck telling her how much I loved her.
Ellie pulled free from the restraints and lifted her body. I rolled off and she rolled over to face me. She kissed me softly. "I love you," she said quietly. "Let's have another baby."
"How would that work?" I asked. "How would we know whose baby it is?"
Ellie explained that Charles was planning an extended overseas buying trip. "I will keep myself just for you between now and when we know I am pregnant. You know I won't really want sex again after I get pregnant. I did it before; I can do it again. I want to do this for us. I love having sex. You have allowed me to shed the inhibitions my parents saddled me with, but I want our family to be ours."
"I love you," I said. I retrieved a towel from the bathroom and we wiped ourselves dry before spooning together under the top sheet. Ellie reached between her legs behind her to find my cock and stroke it somewhat back to life. She knew I would not be ready again until morning, but we both liked the feel of my soft penis against her butt while I cradled a breast in my hand. Together we fell asleep.
Ellie wanted to shower when we woke up. We went in together and enjoyed each other's body until the hot water ran out. Ellie wanted to lie in the morning sun. She walked out onto our bedroom patio naked. I wondered about Herb, but then I realized he had seen her naked on many occasions. Charles was not visiting, so it was likely he wasn't interested. Maybe sex between a husband and wife was not exciting enough to get him worked up.
I went to make breakfast and let Ellie know that it would soon be ready. She came to the table in her red bikini. "If I am to get pregnant and not fool around for a year, we need to find someway to keep you excited. Let's go lingerie shopping together this afternoon, I can model the possibilities for you before we buy, and then maybe you will want to take pictures again tonight."
She had her IUD removed at the end of the next week. I made arrangements with my parents to watch our son, and we left town to spend the weekend at a small inn on the coast a few hours away. We made love Sunday night after she felt better and was in the mood. Later that week she told me she thought she was pregnant. She was.
I may not have the sex drive or stamina that her lovers have, but I have healthy sperm that know how to get their job done. We continued having sex until the morning sickness began. Then we fell into the no-sex routine. Ellie just lacked any sex drive while she was pregnant.
Herb's wife stopped by one day when I was home alone to check to see if my wife was okay. She was worried and unhappy. She complained that Herb was cranky and difficult to be around. She had noticed that his friends stopped coming over for their sessions of watching Ellie. She had finally figured out that Charles had not been around. Once Ellie's pregnancy started to show, she figured out the problem.
She asked if I might be willing to take a lover so Herb would have something to complain about again. She confided that once my wife's affairs had ended, it seemed that Herb had lost interest in sex and could not become aroused. Well, that was his problem and not mine, because I am a one-woman man. Yet, maybe I could do something. I walked over to my desk, looked in the card file, and copied a number. Robert would need a new partner if my suspicions were correct.