[All characters are 18 or older]
Wendy was dressed ready to study for her next big Psychology 101 exam. However, she wanted to have some snacks with it. Her eyes were grey. She had long auburn hair, fair white skin, and college sweat shirt and pants on. She just put them on after getting it that day. The grey baggy clothes hid her hourglass figure. Wendy was grocery shopping. She rolled her little cart around stopping for food she wanted.
Then she saw a man from that class stocking the aisle with fresh bread. He had on a dark green shirt, khaki pants, and a tan apron. His blond hair was neatly trimmed. He had no facial hair. Looking at him, Wendy would say is around 5' 10''. She slowly went in the aisle. She looked at the man and then turned around to not be obvious. She did not know if he felt the same way. Wendy got real close. She managed to get enough courage to tap his shoulder.
"Sir. Do you have any white buns?"
He turned around and looked at Wendy. He made a little smile. "We Sure Do!" He reached to the top shelf and pulled out a six pack of them. He handed them to her. "These are some fine buns..."
Wendy giggled. She got lost in the moment and commented, "You probably know good buns when you see them." She realized what she said and blushed. He laughed.
"Good one. Aren't you in my Psychology class?" He asked. Wendy nodded her head. "I have been too busy working to st..."
Wendy rolled out. This was a little more than what she is used too. When purchased her items and got back to the apartment, she sighed. She got to studying. A couple hours went by, she reached into her sweatpants for her phone. It was not there. In fact, she realized she was holding it most of the time until she went to talk to the man in her class. She must have put it in her pants thinking she had pockets. She used her bra to hold her wallet. She had medium-sized breasts. Her mom described them as softball sized.
When she got back to the grocery store she hurried in. When she got to the bun area, she looked around for it. She got down and crawled to see if it slid underneath. The more she looked the worse she felt. She got warmer. In her classes, many professors use their phones for quizzes and attendance. She got up. Plan B: look for the man in her class.
Eventually, she found him. He was stocking the produce shelves from a stack of boxes he had on an employee cart (multiple shelfs for organizing product). She stretched her arm out to tap on his shoulder again. However, she could not do it. She tried again. Still no. The man turned around after he placed the last bag of apples on the shelf. He stared into Wendy's grey eyes.
"I think I may have your phone. I went looking for you, but you were no longer in the store at that time. I thought I could give it to you in class. I hope you were not too worried? I was going to charge it too!!"
He pulled out her phone. She quickly grabbed it and checked it. No important texts. Her younger sister sent another cat meme. She got an unknown number texting her.
It read:
My name is Michael by the way. I hope to catch you on campus some time.
Wendy added Michael to her contacts.
A couple weeks went by, Michael and Wendy were eating lunch together after their class together. Michael turned out to be the son of the owner of the grocery store. Wendy talked about her other classes. Michael offered to help as well as ask to study for their next test at the store. If she reviewed material as he stocked the shelves, he could sleep more after work. A week later went by, it was one of those classes that give out a test every three weeks.
Wendy wore those sweats again. She brought her small brown handbag to hold her phone and wallet. Michael is wearing shorts and the green shirt. The store feels warmer than normal. It was real close to closing time. Michael told Wendy that he was closing up. Wendy wondered the aisles as he locked the doors. After locking the doors, Michael went to check security. He could see Wendy wondering the chip and snacks aisle.
Wendy was burning up. She just wanted to cool off. Wendy looked around. The doors are locked plus no one else is working besides Michael. The lights went dim. She tucked her arms into her sweat shirt. Her arms poked out beneath the shirt. She rolled it up above her head trying to take it off. Her black bra and hourglass shape could be easily made out. She dropped the sweater. Wendy was still burning up. The sweater coming off barely changed anything. She took her shoes and socks off. The room temperature tile floor cooled her feet.
Wendy felt a vibration in her bag. She pulled out her phone.
Michael: There is a lot of extra paperwork for me to do. I did not forget you. Pick up a snack, I am buying!!
Wendy put her phone away. Wendy went in the direction to the produce section near the front of the store. Wendy has been hanging around the store with Michael. She felt at home there. Wendy stuck her thumbs in her pants waistband. She arched her back as she peeled them down her legs. Her black panties reflected what light that was around highlighting the cheeks of her rear as well as butt crack. She walked out of them like she does at home when she changes.
Michael watching Wendy was feeling somewhat uncomfortable. His shorts seemed more crowded than normal. He did not want Wendy to see his bulge. Michael had to take care of this. He unzipped his shorts and pulled out his stiff rod. His hands rubbing it hoping to get off or have it increase size.
Wendy was picking up produce trying to decide which one to snack on. She walked to each pile of fruit and veggies in her black underwear. She was almost at the entrance at this point. Wendy looked outside the only things in the parking lot was a stray cat and their cars. Wendy looked around to see if Michael was watching. She could not see him anywhere close. She set her bag nearby on the cucumbers. Wendy reached back and unclipped her bra. She slid the straps off each arm and let it fall to the floor. Her bouncy breasts were out. Michael was rubbing his cock faster now. Wendy had hard quarter sized nipples.
Wendy looked around again. She was getting a rush being outside where anyone could stumble upon her nakedness. Wendy's heart pounded in her chest. Wendy had her fingers stretch the elastic on her panties. She stretched them further apart as she slid them off her hips over her toes.
Wendy's shaved vagina was exposed to the store's warm air. Michael watching this was rubbing his cock with all his might. He could see Wendy's firm, tight rear. Michael wanted to go down and have her there. Wendy still holding her panties wanted to take more risks. She buried her panties under the red apples. She went to see if any new texts were sent to her. Nothing. She decided to grab a cucumber. If undressing was this thrilling, imagine public masturbation. She spat on the green rod and set her legs further apart to stretch her vagina's opening. Wendy inserted the green rod into the opening. Wendy winced as it came in, then jerked it out. She looked around her for Michael and tilted her head to see if anyone new was in the window. No one nearby. Wendy tried the green rod again. Pushing in slowly and as gentle as she could. She closed her eyes and pushed it in as well as out. Her face began get wet with sweat. The salty droplets fell onto her lips and the floor.
Michael had it. His cock flew cloudy liquid all over the floor of the security area. Michael decided to send Wendy a text. The text stated, "Wendy, I think I may not be able to study with you tonight. The employee entrance should still be unlocked for you to get out. I hope you study hard. See you tomorrow!"
Wendy still masturbating heard the phone vibrate. She pulled out the wet cucumber. Juices dripped from her pussy. She dropped the cucumber. After she read the text, she went straight for her sweats. Leaving behind her bra, a used cucumber, and hidden panties. She put on her sweats, shoes, and socks. Michael cleaned up his spill. He then took out the footage of Wendy onto his flash drive. He did not want his Dad seeing it.