Chapter 8: Rough sailing
When Candice and I arrived, one other girl was already there. She waved at us. She was topless and was wearing her harness with vibrator. Candice intended to go topless today as she did yesterday. I wore a fishnet bikini top. Both Candice and I promptly put on our harness.
It was time and the crowd was starting to stream in but there were no other girls. Curious, I approached the counter to check, "Hi there, the rest seemed to be late."
"You three would be the only masseurs today. The rest did not wish to continue as it was too tough for them."
The other two heard the conversation and rushed over to the counter.
Candice in her practical manner, "This means we would need to service more customers lah."
"Oh fuck!" the other girl exclaimed.
And before we could protest further, the machine came alive, "Ok, number 2, go room 1, number 3, go room 2 and 7 to room 3."
I promptly went into room 1 whilst Candice went into room 3.
It was a middle-age man. He looked better than all of my previous customers I had on day one. Not too bad a body with a slight tummy.
"Hi miss. Oh wow, you have a good physique."
"Thank you sir. Welcome to Fantasy Spa and Massage and I will be your masseur. Kindly lie on your front and we can begin with your massage."
My first orgasm came very soon. As my customer was lying on his front, I trembled and liquid came gushing out. "Woo...fuck!" I whispered softly trying to regain my composure.
I began applying massage oil onto him and began rubbing and kneading. Like yesterday, I cummed several times during the course of the massage.
When I was almost drained, it was time for his hands-free massage. He took some massage oil and started to rub his manhood and proceeded to put on a condom himself. He looked pretty calm and composed and expected to get his money's worth from the entire massage session.
I gently climbed and mounted him. As his manhood entered into me, "Ahhh..." I let out a loud moan purposely to try to induce him to cum. I began pumping him for a good 15 minutes and during that time, I had cummed countless times and squirted almost an ocean full of liquid. Still, he just groaned and moaned.
It was becoming quite unbearable for me. My legs were tired, my body sweating from the exertion and the constant battle with the machine, and my pussy was sore from the pumping.
"Dammit, this guy masterbated before he came or he has erectile dysfunction?"
I continued pumping him for another 10 minutes before he finally cummed.
I also have countless orgasms and the entire floor was wet with my cunt juice. I slowly climbed down and forced a smile on myself, "Wow sir, that is a huge load. I hope you enjoy your massage. I will leave you to clean yourself up."
I promptly left the room, looking forward to my break. As I exited the room, the counter lady looked at me and said, "Room 7, now."
"What the fuck. I haven't even recovered yet."
It was like that for the next few customers. No break. The machine hummed continuously. My orgasms have all merged into one continuous non-stop orgasm. I have lost my top too and I couldn't even remember where or what happened to it. I was in a complete daze. It was like some form of sex punishment where we have to orgasm non-stop for 8 hours. Funny part was that all the customers were able to go for the hands-free massage today. Perhaps we were all so busy and tired to really seduce them.
I couldn't think straight. When I performed the hands-free massage, I just pumped mindlessly until the customer yelled out for me to stop and I would recite the usual phase of thank you and walk out. I was transformed into an animated sex doll.
Whilst going to another of my assigned room, I caught sight of Candice doing her hands-free massage. The curtain somehow wasn't closed completely. She was bouncing like a sex crazed animal. Her breasts were bouncing to her rhythm. Saliva was dripping from her mouth onto her giant knockers. Her body was covered with a mixture of sweat and saliva with patches of massage oil. She looked like she was about to faint at any moment.
Even as my body was wrecked with orgasms and my pussy was beginning to feel the ache, I thought, "Poor Candice. I hope she doesn't pass out."
And then I saw the guy struggling to signal her to stop. He must have cummed. Candice was also relying on the signal from the guy, like me. The hands-free massage pushed us into this subspace zone where we just pumped and lost all awareness of our surroundings. I saw her saying the usual thank you and goodbye phrase to the guy and promptly exited.
She saw me and looked at me like a wild deer, "Fuck! This is way tougher than I anticipated."
With heaving breaths, I answered, "Tell me about it. I had no break since my first customer."
"Same here. These guys took viagra or what, they take forever to cum."
"It's called erectile dysfunction."
"Ladies, quickly go to your room. Don't keep the customer waiting. Number 7, room 8, now go!"
We continued in this state serving countless customers. Finally it was near the ending time. As I walked out exhausted with sweat and liquid, I saw Candice and the other girl sitting at a corner catching their breath. They have removed their harness.
"Oh gosh," as I uncontrollably squirted onto the floor outside even as I was walking towards them.
"I think I am going to pass out if I take one more. Stop this machine please," my voice hoarse from the grunting.
"Sorry muscle chick, you have one last customer."
"What? Seriously? I am really going to pass out from the pleasure! Quick, which room? "
The casual walk to the room was a torment to me.
He was a muscular dude. Almost as huge as Frederick but with more defined muscles. He teasingly flexed his pecs when he saw me.
I couldn't even speak properly, heaving and with occasional pauses, "Oh wow...nice bod...
Sir... Welcome...to Fantasy Spa and... Massage. Kindly... lie face down... and we... can begin your... massage."
"You have a great body yourself. Very defined pecs!" he reached out and squeezed them.
After he lay on his front, I commenced pouring massage oil onto him and started massaging him. This session tested my endurance to the fullest. I tried very hard to control the grunting but to no avail.
In a desperate attempt and getting extremely high myself, I rub massage oil all over my own body. Caressing my pecs and abs and performing some kind of sensual dance, "Sir, are you ready for your hands-free massage?"
"Definitely," he answered enthusiastically. I put a condom on him.
I noticed his breathing quickened. My dance and little ritual seemed to have taken their intended effects.
With great effort I mounted him. I then began to pound him mercilessly. Every few thrusts, I could feel pressure building inside my cunt, which I released by completely freeing myself from his cock and squirted. I was trembling uncontrollably and saliva was dripping from my mouth. His hands were all over my body, squeezing, and caressing.
"If he doesn't cum in the next few minutes, I think I'll die!"
I needed a better strategy. He was taking my pounding with ease.
I mentally pushed away the orgasmic pleasure, looked him in the eyes and said in a sexy tone, "Hey Hercules, you sure are fit. Let's see how you fair against this?"
I tightened my grip on his manhood with my vagina muscle and started to pump. It seemed to have its effect as louder moans escaped from him. However, it also increased my pleasure. I squirted more often.
"Either I faint or he cums. Must take the risk."
I further tightened the grip and uncontrollably let out a loud grunt. Within the next few pumps, he was shaking and moaning. He cummed. I pumped him a few more times just to make sure; until he yelled out to me to stop.
I fakely smiled, "Wow, that's a huge load. I hope you have enjoyed the massage. I'll leave you to clean yourself up."
As I walked out of the room, my legs suddenly gave way. I couldn't stand or move and just sat there, "Oh fuck, fuck...fuck...stop it! Please..."
The machine came to a stop and both girls rushed forward to check on me. Even with the machine turned off my body was trembling and I was still in subspace. I stared ahead with glazed eyes.
Candice rubbed my back with caring gestures, "Ruth you Ok? Easy girl...it has ended."
I took a few minutes before I fully recovered. We were hungry, we were dirty and our pussies were sore. We had just been fucked by a machine and guys for an entire 9 hours. We were the most pissed creatures on this Earth until, "Hey girls. You have worked very hard and we were honestly saved by you three. As a token of our appreciation, we will double your pay."
"Oh wow, that's $3600 each for today," I exclaimed in excitement; suddenly forgetting my ordeal.
"Yeah!" all three of us shouted in joy and raised our arms up in the air. We hugged one another and suddenly realized we were so naked and dirty, and broke out in laughter.
After cleaning ourselves, we get dressed as decently as our remaining clothes allow us.
Before I stepped out, "Hey Ruth, you interested in representing Fantasy Spa and Massage in a Fantasy Race?"
"Eh...no," I replied.
"There is a cash prize of $5000, if you win."
"Oh, tell me more."
The other two rushed over too, "What's up? We heard can win some cash prizes, can we join too?"
The counter staff stood up, "Well it is a race and you need to be rather fit.
"The contestants will have to pull a cart with a male model on top up a hill; then have sex with the model until he cums. After that just continue to pull the cart to the finish line."
"Sounds like my crossfit training," I said in a low voice.
"So will you represent us?"
"Certainly, since there are prize monies to be won."
The lady provided further administrative instructions. Apparently there will be lots of spectators lining up along the road to cheer and watch us.
"I better wear a t-shirt. So many people will be watching."
"It is the same rule as this massage," the counter staff said with a smile. "Nothing more than bikinis.
I'm sure with that killer body of yours, you would look fantastic topless."
"No way!" I retorted. "So many people are watching. I'll wear a bikini."