Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.
*****
Part 02 -- Still Settling In.
The next morning I woke alone on my back on my bed, my right hand on my wet pussy.
"I really must get a motion activated camera and stick it between my legs when I go to bed." I thought as I lay there for a few minutes trying to decide if my head hurt or not.
It didn't and I got up and went to the bathroom. Twenty minutes later I walked out of the bathroom feeling refreshed and ready for the day. I put some coffee on and started making a mental list of what I had to do that day. It was a Friday and the list wasn't very long. I had to go to the university to check on a couple of things, check out my delivery and maybe try out a thing or two, and that was about it. I decided that I'd go for a walk to get familiar with a few places.
I smiled as I wondered if it would be breezy again. Whatever, I was definitely going to wear a lightweight skirt and with a bit of luck put a smile on a few faces.
I ripped open my delivery and saw that everything was there, except the electric shock dildo, but I didn't expect it to arrive quite so soon, and it would be from a different supplier.
One of the things that I had ordered was some bigger Ben Wa balls. I was getting too used to the original pair clinking inside me and wanted the clinking to be harder and louder and cause more vibrations inside me. The only drawback being that they would take more effort to keep them in. But that was a challenge that I looked forward to. I took them out of the wrapping and pushed them up my vagina, flinching at the cold invasion.
As I wandered around the apartment I realised that I was putting on a sort of reality show for anyone who cared to watch. I wondered if Charles' cameras were accessible from outside the building's network. I wondered how I could find a hacker and get them to hack in and connect the cameras to some voyeur's website.
Then I remembered that my new remote controlled vibrator could do just that if I could get the app onto my laptop. A task for later I decided.
Bathroom, dressed, then to the university was my plan and that's what I did. I chose another ultra short skirt, tank top and heels. To make it a bit for fun I dug out my pink dog collar and put that on as well. Oh, and I left the Ben Wa balls inside me. I didn't want to be cumming all the time so my egg and new vibe were out of the question but the balls would keep me 'simmering' all the time that I walked around.
When I got down to reception I saw a girl talking to Charles. He introduced Riley Woolley to me and he asked if I was going to the university. When I said that I was she asked me if I could show her where to go to register.
I smiled and said that we could walk together.
As soon as I was outside I was reminded that England isn't as warm as Ibiza. Okay it wasn't cold but my pussy could tell the difference between the warm Ibiza air tickling it and the cooler English air. The cooler English air was having a greater arousing effect.
As we walked we talked, the usual stuff, and I saw that Riley is another slimish, blond girl with, probably, large 'A' or 'B' cup tits. She didn't sound snobbish about her parents wealth but she gave me the impression that she might be a little shy and prudish, and possibly a bit thick, it was the way that she looked at my short skirt and protruding nipples that made me wonder.
I was a little disappointed that the breeze had gone but I knew that the back of the skirt would be bouncing up and maybe giving people a quick flash.
Anyway, I left Riley at the appropriate table talking to whatever the young woman was called, and went and checked where and when I had to be on the Monday.
All the time I kept thinking about the bigger metal balls inside me and squeezing my muscles trying to get them further inside me therefore less chance of them falling out.
The student's union was there again, pouncing on all newbies and trying to convince them to go to the parties and gigs but I wasn't interested apart from wandering around the tables advertising the different university clubs looking for a pole dancing club. I didn't find one, but I did notice a few guy's looking at my legs and chest. I smiled to myself each time that I saw one.
When I left the university I saw the coffee shop that I'd been in the previous day and thought about the unknowing flashing that I'd done. I decided that today it was going to be very deliberate flashing.
I was lucky in that the same table was free and I sat in the same place and position, perched on the front of the chair and knees apart. Like the previous time, I couldn't see my slit but I was sure that anyone passing outside would be able to.
I got my phone out and started downloading and setting up a few apps that I knew that I would need in England that were useless in Ibiza, totally oblivious to anyone outside who may, or may not, have been looking up my legs.
I think that I saw in my peripheral vision, 1 young man looking but I didn't properly look up. I was too busy on my phone.I looked at the WhatsApp group and saw that Roxy had posted a message to say that she'd met some of the residents and that she'd had a great night out with 3 of them.
I smiled, agreeing with her that it was a great night.
Coffee finished, I used my phone to work out how far it was to what is probably the largest shopping centre in Bristol and decided that it was too far for me to walk in the shoes that I was wearing so I used Uber to book a taxi.
Whilst waiting for it I did look out of the window, willing the young men who were passing to look over to me. Unfortunately, my taxi arrived quickly and I got up and went out to it.
The back seat of the car was cold on my bare butt and if I hadn't of been sat behind the driver he would have been able to see me idly rubbing my pussy for all of the short journey.
The shopping centre was big, but not that big, the glass in parts of the roof letting the sun in giving it a bigger effect.
Of course I'd been up escalators before and never even thought about people looking up the back of my skirt because in those days I always wore skirts to the knee, and in Ibiza I never went into a store that had an escalator.
I think that it was on my second trip up an escalator that I heard a couple of young men discussing whether or not the girl in front of them was wearing any knickers that I realised that it was me that they were talking about. I'm so used to wearing micro skirts and no knickers that I usually just don't think about it.
When I realised that they were looking up my skirt I immediately spread my feet a bit more and started clenching my pussy muscles. That moved the steel balls inside me about a lot more, raising my arousal level more.
"Fucking hell," I heard a male voice say, "can you see what she's doing Andy."
I smiled to myself and kept doing it until I stepped off the escalator at the top. As I walked away I made my butt sway from side to side which in turn made my skirt dance around a bit, giving flashes of my bare butt cheeks.
I had to stop for a minute to remember what it was that I was looking to buy.
As I wandered around, looking in more shops than necessary, I went up and down escalators a lot more times than was necessary to find the shops that needed to stock up on the very few items of make-up that I use. I had rarely worn any make-up in Ibiza but had decided to enhance the look of my eyes and lips now that I was back in England.
I came across another big chain coffee shop and decided to have a coffee and a bite to eat. This shop had a few tables outside at the side of the walkway, like many in Ibiza do, and I timed it right and got a table outside. Sitting lazily again, like I did outside the cafes in Ibiza, giving a few people walking by a pleasant surprise, all accidental of course.
Shopping, and a bit of flashing, done, I walked to the main entrance, using my phone to call a taxi.
Back at my apartment I decided to try out my new remote controlled vibrator again. I squeezing my steel balls out and replaced them with my new vibe and after driving myself crazy, and a couple of orgasms, I decided to sign-up for one of the cam-girl websites. It was relatively easy and I was soon waiting for someone, somewhere, to spend a few tokens to watch me and control the vibrator inside me.
I was half expecting to have to wait until the evening but it wasn't long before someone with the username of 'aussieguy' was controlling the vibrator and sending me crazy. A small part of me wanted to stop it and return to normal, but I just couldn't, I WANTED more. And for the next 20 minutes or so my insides were bouncing around and giving me 3 orgasms.
When 'aussieguy' logged off so did I, and I pulled the vibrator out of me. I needed a rest.
But after a drink of water and a short rest I was still feeling horny. Then I got the idea of going down and using the workout room. I had visions of me in the workout room in Ibiza with all those people watching me stretch my legs wide apart and cumming in front of them.
I knew that I would probably be the only person in the workout room below me but I could still imagine that there were other people there watching me. And I couldn't think of any reason why I couldn't exercise naked, 3 out of the 7 other residents had already see me naked and I was 100 percent sure that sometime in the near future the other 4 would have the same pleasure. And I couldn't think of any reason why I couldn't exercise with my egg inside me.
I slid it home then set it to random rapid bursts, and just to make it more exciting, I added random electric shocks.
Satisfied that I was ready, I picked up a towel and my phone and headed for the stairs.
There was no one in the little workout room so I put my phone, and towel in one corner and went to the nearest of the 5 machines. As I started pushing up with my arms I decided that I would have to make visits to the workout room a regular feature of my life. I wanted to keep fit and keep my body the way it was, no fat anywhere.
As I looked down at my naked body I realised that my golden tan was going to disappear, I wasn't happy, I liked having a tan. Anyway, as I kept pushing up I decided that I'd try, no, would come down there every other day. An increasing number of reps with a slowly increasing resistance on each machine in turn; followed by a lot of stretching exercises on the mats. I'd try to repeat the exercises that I'd done in the workout room in Ibiza.
I was disappointed that there wasn't one of those machines that forces your legs wide apart then you have to squeeze them together, but there again, there was no one to stare at my pussy whilst I was doing that.
The egg kept interrupting my rhythm, but I wasn't complaining.
The fifth, and last machine was an exercise cycle and I could visualise the first time that I went on the one in the workout room in Ibiza. I could still see Pedro adjusting the height of the saddle and his face as I slid to my first orgasm on that bike.
Just as I bent to see how to adjust the saddle height the egg burst into life and I nearly banged my head on the saddle. As my body got used to the vibration and the pleasure that they were giving me, I managed to loosen the saddle and raise it, then tighten the lever.
Taking a deep breath and stupidly wanting the egg to give me a break, I climbed on and instantly felt the weight of my body pressing my clit onto the saddle. My clit was going to get a good workout as well.
I sighed then just sat there waiting for the egg to either make me cum or give me a break. It was the former, and when I was able I started pedalling, me having to slide from side to side to keep my feet in the pedals.
My whole pussy was still sensitive from the recent orgasm and it didn't take long for me to cum again.
"Thank you O-Shot." I thought, and "thank you daddy" for paying for it, although he probably wouldn't have realised it.
After my third orgasm I decided that that was enough of that for 1 day, If I was going to increase the reps each time I was there I'd increase the number or orgasm each time as well. I giggled at the thought of me nearly 3 years in the future and pedalling to achieve over 100 orgasms.
"That would be nice." I thought, then realised that my poor little body would probably give up long before I reached that quantity.
I climbed off the bike and decided that the next time that I went there I'd try to remember to bring a bottle of water.
I lay on the mats for a while getting my breath back and trying to remember the sequence that I'd done the stretching exercises, but gave up after the third one and hoped that it would come back to me when I got started.
I smiled as I visualised the men in the workout room in Ibiza watching me as I spread my legs and stretched my muscles in so many different ways.
Anyway, I started and was pleased that things were coming back to me as I went. Although I did collapse into a heap on the floor when I was doing a handstand and my egg decided to give me a quick electric shock, but it was just a quick one and I was soon able to get on and finish all the exercises.
Pleased with myself, but unhappy that no one had watched me, I went out of the workout room and saw the pool.
"Shall I?" I asked myself before putting my towel and phone down and diving in.
It was refreshing after building up a sweat in the workout room but I surfaced and swam to the other end. Then I remembered what Roxy had said about the water inlet pipe so I started slowly working my way round the side of the pool.
"Woah there." I said as my hand got pummelled and pushed towards the centre of the pool.
I moved my hand back and felt the water pressure as it was forced into the pool. Satisfied that it wouldn't cause me any injury, I moved my body a little further and felt the water pummelling my little tits.
"That will give the muscles in there a decent workout." I thought.
Then tried to think of how I could get that jet of water to pound my pussy. The answer quickly came to me but would it work, would the pressure force my body away from it? There was only one way to find out and I held onto the side railing next to the jet, swung first one then the other foot up onto the pool side. Then I adjusted the distance that my heels were from the edge so that my pussy was at the same level as the jet, then started shuffling sideways.
The jet of water hit the back of my leg and nearly forced me to loose grip of the side rail but I hung on and shuffled again.
"Wow! Fucking hell! That beats a shower head every time." I thought as my pussy started to react to the pummelling of the water on it.
I didn't last long before I orgasmed again, and again, before loosing my grip on the hand rail and the water forced my body towards the centre of the pool, dragging my heels until my legs dropped into the water.
I tread water until my body was back to normal, only for the egg to remind me where it was.
"Your coming out before I do that again." I thought as I slowly kicked backwards until I got to the other side of the pool.
"Yes, every other day." I said to myself as I climbed out of the pool and walked to the sauna hoping to relax in there for a few minutes.
Unfortunately, it wasn't switched on, so I wrapped the towel around me and headed to reception to ask Charles if it could be switched on, guessing that it would take a few hours for it to get up to temperature.
Charles was sat at his desk when I walked in and after greetings I asked him when the sauna would get switched on.
"Whenever you like Georgia, I was just waiting for the first person to ask."
"Good, I'm planning on having a workout every other day and it would be nice to finish with a relaxing sauna."
"As you wish Georgia, was the pool temperature to your liking?"
"Satisfactory."
"And the machines in the workout room, or would you like me to get a different machine? I could move some of the mats but that might limit your stretching exercises."
I thought about asking him to get one of those leg opening machines but decided against it. If I was going to be there without an audience what was the point.
"No Charles, I'm happy with things as they are."
I left it at that and headed to the lift. As the doors opened and I walked in, two things struck me. Firstly, why the hell had I wrapped the towel around me, it wasn't as if Charles hadn't seen me naked before; and secondly, how did he know that I'd been using the workout room and the pool? There must be some concealed security cameras in those rooms.
As I stood there I decided that I definitely would ask around for a computer nerd who could hack into the buildings network and find all the cameras. I smiled at the thought of watching the guys wanking, thinking that they were all alone. Maybe they'd got a nerd as well and they were watching the nude me watching them.
That would be funny, 8 young people all watching each other, supposedly without the others knowing that they were being watched.
Anyway, the towel was off and over my arm before the lift stopped and I walked to my door totally naked. I left the door unlocked just in case Ben decided that he wanted to fuck me. It's nice having a friend with benefits, maybe I could have the same arrangement with all 4 guys in the building, assuming that the other 2 aren't fat or ugly. I could tell them that if they want to fuck me to just come to my apartment. If the door is unlocked it's your lucky day. If the door is locked then someone else had beaten you to it, or should I say beaten you to my pussy. If I wanted to be on my own then I could just lock the door myself.
That sort of arrangement could work for me and I decided to tell Ben and Matt. I'd consider adding the other 2 guys after I'd met them, hopefully at the party the next day.
I'd got a few things that I wanted to do, including getting something to eat so I switched all the light on to announce the resumption of the reality show for anyone who cared to watch from the office block and the student accommodation block and got on with my tasks.
One of my tasks was to search for a motion detecting, wireless webcam and app so that I could stick the camera between my legs when I go to sleep. I wanted to know if I played with my pussy when I'm asleep.
I found what I wanted, the camera boasting high resolution. I didn't need one that had night vision because I leave the lights on just in case someone looks over and sees me, and more if I do jilloff whilst I'm asleep. F.YI. I keep the thermostat set high enough so that I can sleep on top of my bed without any covers.
The next morning, Saturday, I woke up to glorious sunshine streaming in through the window. For a split second I thought that I was still in Ibiza, then reality struck.
"Get real Georgia." I said to myself then thought that life in the apartment wasn't that bad. Not as good as in Ibiza, but not that bad.
I got off my bed and stood in front of the window yawning and stretching. As I looked over to the office block I only saw a handful of people spread over the different floors. The students block had a few more people visible. The same naked girl, probably, was walking around her tiny room doing things and looking up I was a little surprised to see a naked girl pressed, face first, against her window and a man's head beside hers. She was going up and down to what I guessed was the man fucking her from behind.
"That's a great way to start the day." I thought. Then looked sideways and saw a naked man walking around his tiny room.
"Hmm, that's better." I thought as I watched him, hoping that he'd get a boner."
Then finally, I saw a bright flash of light. I looked towards the source and saw a telescope.
"At last, someone looking at me." I thought then I started massaging my right tit with my left hand and my right had moved to my pussy.
I kept going until I had my first orgasm of the day and hoped that head behind the telescope got a good look.
Then it was time to get on with the few tasks that I had to do, but first it was bathroom time.
Feeling very refreshed I walked back to the window wondering if the man (presumably) was still there. The telescope was still these but I couldn't see anyone. A quick scan of the building revealed no voyeurs so I started to think about what I had to do that day. It was Saturday so the party was that evening so the evening was taken care of but I had nothing that I had to get done before then.
The sky was blue and the sun was bright and I wondered if it was warm enough to do some sunbathing, I was missing laying out on the deck of the boat or better still, a lovely beach. No chance of that until next summer and I hadn't a clue where the nearest beach was. Then I had an idea, the roof of the apartment building was flat, would it be possible to get up there and lay out in the sun? Would the air temperature be conducive to sunbathing?
I opened one of the smaller windows and was pleased when cold air didn't come rushing in. That made up my mind to check it out further so I grabbed my phone and headed to the stairs wondering if I'd meet any more of the residents and if they'd be shocked to see a naked girl.
I didn't see anyone and I found the door to go up to the roof. It had one of those locks on it that can only be opened from the inside.
Deciding that I needed something to stop the door from locking itself when I was on the roof. There was nothing in the corridor so I held the door open and looked outside. Again, cold air didn't rush in so I wanted to sunbathe out there.
Thinking for few seconds I turned and headed back to my apartment where I collected the things that I would need, plus an extra towel to leave between the door and the door jamb.
Back on the roof I took some deep breaths and looked around. I saw the office block and the students block. They were the only real buildings that were taller than the apartment block so I picked spot facing the students block, spread my towel and lay down.
It took longer than in Ibiza but I eventually felt that warm feeling as the sun heated my body. After a few minutes I picked up my phone and started browsing, checking the WhatsApp group and other social media. I'm not a big fan of social media but it does have its uses.
Then I went to the cam-girl's site to get a quick look at the other girls to see what they were wearing and doing, I'd hate to miss out on something. There were quite a few girls active at that moment and I watched them for a few seconds each to see if I could learn anything.
I didn't, but it did make me get a little horny and my phone was soon beside me and my hands became busy with personal things.
As my orgasm started to fade I looked over to the students block and wondered if any of them were watching me. I also regretted not bringing one, or both of my remote controlled vibrators up to the roof with me.
I relaxed and before I realised it, I was waking up.
I got up onto my elbows and looked around. In the students accommodation I could see a guy with his head and shoulders out of his window and a camera in his hands. I smiled then waved at him and he waved back so I got to my feet and did a few stupid poses for him to photograph, then I rubbed my pussy for him.
I didn't make myself cum but it did get me aroused.
It was about then that I realised that on the front of the camera was a telephoto lens and I wondered just how powerful it was, just how much detail he was capturing. I posed some more then decided that he'd got enough of a show and picked up my belongings and headed back to my apartment.
I stood in the big window and looked over to where the guy had been and was surprised to see him lean out of his window again and point his camera towards me.
I did a few more stupid poses then turned and went to the bathroom a happy girl. I was hoping that he'd tell all his mates and that more guys would look over to my room and see me.
By then I was feeling quite aroused so I opened my laptop and browsed to a porn site that I liked. Casting the laptop screen to the big TV I masturbated to a quite nice orgasm, then another one.
Satisfied for now, I decided to go for a walk so I put on a very short skirt and a top and went out, saying hello to Charles, him telling me that everything was organised for the party.
Unfortunately it wasn't windy but my skirt did bounce about and must have been revealing the bottom of my butt cheeks. After about 30 minutes of going round in increasingly bigger circles, I came to a sort of mini park, a grassy area with a handful of trees. There is a path going through the middle and people were using it so I decided to sit on one of the benches that was there and play on my phone.
I sat in a very unladylike way, my pussy enjoying the fresh air and started using my phone. It didn't take long for someone walking by to realises that they could see my pussy as I just ignored them.
After the third person slowed and turned their heads I decided on another tactic. There was 3 or 4 people sat or laying on the grass so I decided to lay on my stomach with my feet near the path.
As I got down I opened my legs so that my feet were about shoulder width apart, then checked that my skirt was covering my butt. That would be a debatable point if I got arrested but I didn't care, my arousal was increasing again and I just wanted people to see my pussy.
Getting up on my elbows I used the camera on my phone to look behind me and was pleased to see a few people actually stopping and looking up my legs. I guessed that my head looking away from them gave them the confidence to stop and stare.
I was especially happy when a couple of university looking guys stopped and stared at me. I even managed to take a couple of photographs of them as they stared at my pussy and talked about how cute and wet it looked and how I don't have any 'flaps' as they called my inner labia.
By then I was pushing my pubic bone down to the ground as much as I could, but then I had an idea. Giving up on my phone I dropped my elbows and my right hand slid under me and to my pussy.
I could hear the guys saying crude and rude things about me as my fingers quickly brought me to an orgasm, a good orgasm, then I pulled my hand out and just relaxed and listened to the guys. It was then that I heard the clicking of a camera and guessed that one, or both of them had finally got their phones out.
I smiled and closed my eyes to relax.
A couple of minutes later I realised that everything had gone quiet so I turned my head and opened my eyes. The guys were gone.
I lay there for a few minutes then got up and started walking again.
I came across a coffee shop with tables outside again and decided to get one and a bite to eat, I hadn't had a proper meal yet that day.
Taking the coffee and pastry outside I sat in the tried and tested way for a girl to flash people walking by but I was disappointed when no one appeared to look my way.
Eventually I decided to head back to the apartment and get ready for the party, but before that I wanted some time with my new vibrator and webcam, I wanted people from all over the world to see the vibrator taking control of my body and making me cum for them.
I got my wish for a couple of hours or so and I was left feeling quite exhausted and a bit sweaty. Looking outside I could see that sun was well on its way down for the day so it was bathroom time then the decision of what to wear for the party. I wanted to look smart, slutty, sophisticated but not formal. I didn't want my very high libido to be too obvious but at the same time I wanted my tiny tits and slit to be visible.
All a sort of contradiction of each other and I guess that it comes down to how I carry myself and act. I once read that a woman can be formal, sophisticated and commanding, all whilst being totally naked. Obviously a girl can't be naked all the time, well not in England, but I aimed to be the rest of those qualities whilst wearing as little as I could get away with.
I spent ages going through all the dresses and skirts and tops that Celeste had made for me, finally settling for a backless dress that was loose fitting around my chest so that it would hang low if I bent over revealing my tits to anyone who cared to look. The skirt part is firm fitting ultra short. My butt and slit are covered only when I stand and pull the material down as far as it will go. The material is so light and soft that I have to keep checking that it's still there.
I decided to wear my hair tied back for the evening, and also to talk to Charles to find a good hairdresser. Apart from wearing my hair in pigtails to make me look even younger whilst in Ibiza, my hair had not been a priority but that was going to change, I was going to experiment to find the modern style that I liked the best.
My mind toyed with the idea of wearing one of my vibrators or my Ben Wa balls but in the end I decided against it. Okay, I knew that Ben and Matt, and probably Roxy, would be more amused than upset if they found out, or could see, what I was wearing, but I didn't know about the others, I didn't want to get off on the wrong foot with them, after all, I had to live with them for 3 years.
The other thing was that if things did get 'interesting', I didn't want there to be anything in my vagina that could get in the way of whatever might try to get in there.
When I was finally ready, I looked at my phone and was surprised to see that I had timed things well, it was just after 9 pm.
One last look in the mirror, one last bend forward to check that I could see my tits, one last pull on the hem of the dress to make sure that my slit was covered, and I set off.
Charles greeted me at the door to the shared lounge holding a tray of glasses of champagne and I saw that only Matt and Roxy had arrived so far and were stood talking.
"Very nice, does it come of easily?" Matt said as I walked over to them.
"Like the dress." Roxy said.
"You look great too Roxy." I replied, noting that her dress was as short as mine and her nipples trying to bore their way through the thin material of her dress.
Seconds later Ben walked in followed by Riley then the other 2 guys who Charles introduced as Oliver and Harry, Oliver carrying a camera attached to a tripod which he put to one corner of the room.
Riley was wearing a nice top and skirt too, but the skirt was way too long for me.
We were all standing around asking and answering the usual get to know each other questions when Matt said that he thought that there was a girl missing, adding that there should be 4 girls and 4 boys.
Just as Matt was about to ask Charles if his assumption was correct, in walked the last girl. Charles introduced Daniella then made his excuses and left.
Daniella too was wearing a low cut, knee length dress, nice, but not for me.
The questions resumed and eventually got around to what we were going to do after we got our degrees. Daniella, Ben and Riley hadn't a clue what they wanted to do other than spent their father's money. Matt was a bit more organised saying that he was going to run a division of his father's business eventually, but before that he was going to be an international playboy.
Everyone laughed but I thought that he'd make a good one of those.
Roxy amused us all by saying that she was going to start her own escort agency for rich business men.
The interesting ones to me were Oliver and Harry. Oliver wants to become a photographer for royalty and the elite, and Harry wants to become a personal trainer to the rich and famous.
"You just want to see all those beautiful women wear skimpy workout gear don't you Oliver?" Ben said.
"Yes, but I want to specialise in yoga, naked yoga."
"So you want to see all the beautiful celebrities naked do you?" Riley asked.
"Of course, what's wrong with that?" Harry replied.
"Nothing," I replied, "absolutely nothing."
"Are you a celebrity Georgia?"
"No why? Do you want to see me naked Oliver?"
"There'd be something wrong with me if I didn't."
"I bet that you want to see all us girls naked don't you?" Roxy said.
"No chance." Daniella said.
"Why not?" Oliver said, "You've all got great bodies, you should be proud of them."
"What about you Riley, would you pose naked for me or join Harry's naked yoga class?" Oliver asked.
"Well I suppose that I could, if that's what you want, I'm not a virgin any more."
"No boyfriend?"
"No, I went to an all girl's school."
"So did I," I said, "but I've been making up for that ever since I left and universities are the place that young adults are supposed to let themselves go and have lots of fun so you'll do it won't you?"
"Maybe."
Ben, Matt and Roxy all smiled. hat just left Daniella, she'd already said that there was no chance that she would strip for the guys but all 4 guys and Roxy and I weren't taking that as a true statement.
"So Daniella, what's your big objection to posing naked or doing yoga naked? I'm sure that Oliver and Matt would love to see your beautiful body without those clothes." I asked.
"I'm sure that they would but it's not going to happen."
"Would you go skinny dipping or into the sauna naked if it was just you girls there?" Matt asked.
"I guess so."
"And would you strip naked if a person with medical qualifications asked you to?"
"I guess so."
"Well Harry has to obtain some basic medical qualifications to get his personal trainers degree. Isn't that right Harry?" I asked, not knowing if that was true of not.
"I certainly do." Harry replied.
"So you can't possibly object to Harry seeing you naked."
"Well, I, I, I guess not."
"Good, well done Daniella, have some more champagne."
I'd got a major concession from Daniella and was starting to believe that Daniella wasn't the brightest person in the room, but I didn't want to push her too far, well not all at once.
I think that some of the guys were on the same page as me because Ben suggested that we get to know each other better by playing a game of Truth or Dare, but only if everyone agreed to carry out any dares that they were given, adding that dares must be realistic, i.e. that they'd be prepared to do the same, and were not illegal. Everyone agreed so he added that we should all sit in the floor in a circle and use one of the empty champagne bottles to spin to see who was going next.
Now just about everyone knows that when a girl wearing a skirt or dress sits on the floor she has to be very careful if she doesn't want to expose what she is or isn't wearing under the skirt and the dresses that Roxy and I were wearing meant that there was no way that we could sit in any position without showing that we weren't wearing any knickers. But we did sit on the floor with our knees bent and cross-legged and both of us were showing skin right up to our belly buttons.
"Wow!" Oliver said, "I'm glad that we decided to sit on the floor."
"You two can definitely be in my yoga class." Harry said.
Daniella looked over to Roxy and I and said,
"I think that we should sit on chairs, poor Georgia and Roxy are having to expose themselves."
"Relax Daniella." I replied, "We're not ashamed of our bodies, Ben and Matt have already seen us totally naked and I'm sure that Oliver and Harry aren't complaining. And all the guys can see up both yours and Riley's skirts. Pink and white aren't they guys? It's no big deal, only prudish snobs think that it is and I'm sure that neither you nor Riley come into that categories."
"Well no, thank you, I guess that it'll be okay, after all, we are here to let ourselves go, do things that we would never dream of doing at home."
"Like skinny dipping." Oliver added.
"I guess so." Daniella replied.
"Getting there." I thought.
Anyway, the game got started with lots of boring Truths and boring Dares until Harry Dared me to take off 1 piece of clothing. Judging by what he was looking at when he said it, and including me bending forward in front of him a few times, he knew that the dress was all that I was wearing.
I reached for the hem of my dress and pulled it up and off me. Daniella gasped and started to say something but managed to hold it back as I smiled and threw the dress onto a nearby chair and bent forward to spin the bottle.
It stopped pointing to Harry and I giggled and dared him to take his boxers off.
Now a girl can usually take her bra off under her top but I doubted very much that a man could take his boxers off without first taking his trousers off, and I was right. Harry stood up dropped first his jeans, then his boxers, then put his jeans back on. Daniella had gasped again as soon as Harry's boxers lowered revealing his cock to everyone but I watched her as she stared at it all the time until Harry's jeans covered it again.
"Enjoy the show girls?" Harry asked as he sat down again.
"Nice." Both Roxy and I said.
After that there was a whole batch of people wanting to tell the truth, during which everyone got asked when they last masturbated and even Daniella and Riley admitted that they'd done it earlier that day. Daniella's jaw dropped when Matt said that it was just before the party started and it was when he looked at the photograph that he'd taken up my skirt from outside the coffee house the other day.
I smiled hoping that he'd be taking plenty more of me, more revealing ones.
The bottle stopped spinning pointing to me and after I'd chosen Truth, Oliver said.
"Georgia, tell us a kinky truth about yourself."
"Well, you already know that I like being naked, but I like being naked in public with people telling me what to wear, what not to wear and what to do."
"Wow," Oliver said, "you like being controlled Georgia. Does that mean that you would be happy if any, or all of us were to tell you what to wear every time that you leave this building?"
"I guess so, but only sometimes, I've got to be in the right mood."
"Does that include your hair, below your neck that is?"
"I guess so, but you wouldn't have a lot of choice there, I've had it all permanently removed."
"I was 12 and at the start of puberty when my mother died and it was so traumatic that my body decided that my puberty was finished. Daddy took me to the doctor and a specialist but there was nothing that they could do to restart it. Hence I'm the size that I am."
"So your father didn't give you that drug Puericil-G that is supposed to delay or stop puberty then?" Matt asked
"No, well not that I know of. No, he wouldn't do anything like that to me."
"He likes you looking the way that you are doesn't he?"
"He says that he does."
"So how do you know that he he didn't give you that drug."
"I guess that I don't but I'm 99.9 percent sure that he wouldn't have. Anyway, I like the way that I look and it does have it's advantages, I can get away with things that only kids can."
"Like what?"
"Walking around outside without any clothes on."
"So where have you done that?"
"Ibiza town and lots of beaches."
"Wow, are you going to walk around Bristol naked?"
"I doubt it, unless they have any festivals that girls get naked at."
"What about the naked bike ride?"
"I'd do that, but do they have one here?"
"Yes they do, I think that it's in June. If you enter let us know and we'll come and watch you."
"Oh I'll be entering it, but if you want to see me naked all you have to do is ask, or visit me in my apartment."
"Does all this mean that you'd like to wear that pink collar of yours and a leash, and be led around Bristol and told to do sorts of humiliating things." Riley asked.
"That could make a really interesting night out." Matt added.
Daniella confessed to still being a virgin and Matt got a few laughs when he asked her if she wanted to resolve that problem right there and then. When she didn't answer, he asked her if she still intended to be a virgin after she had left university. Again she didn't answer.
Then people started choosing dares again and, as expected, clothing started to come off.
Roxy quickly revealed that she too was only wearing a dress and Riley lost her top revealing a full, heavy-duty, white bra. A bit pointless in my opinion as her tits didn't look like they needed any support.
Before long, all the guys were down to their boxers and Daniella and Riley were down to their bras and thongs. Yes, I was a little surprised at both of them wearing thongs.
Because Roxy and I were the first to become totally naked, our dares got to be a little bit more interesting.
Roxy had to kiss a guy for a minute and she chose Matt. Nothing special in that after our night at the gentlemen's club. She also chose to give Oliver the lap-dance that she was dared to do by Daniella. The aftermath of that lap-dance was a wet patch on the front of Oliver's bulging boxers which got stared at by both Daniella and Riley.
I got dared to twerk my butt in front of each of the guys, and as they were all sat on the floor I enjoyed giving them a great view of my butt and wet pussy.
Matt was the first guy to lose his boxers, much to the delight of Daniella and Riley, although Riley stopped staring for a while when she was dared to take off another piece of clothing. I'm sure that the champagne had loosened her up a bit (a lot) because her bra came off and her attempts to cover her tits were useless.
Ben's boxers were next to go and his proud boner got all the girls staring.
Then it was Daniella that was dared to lose an item of clothing and to the surprise of everyone else there she stood up and pulled down her thong revealing a totally bald pussy. Again, I was guessing that the champagne had played a part in her act of boldness.
And so it went on until everyone was naked, although I was sure that the guys were somehow fixing it to make sure that whenever the bottle was facing a girl it was Daniella and Riley. One major exception to that was when I was dared to give Roxy a 69, and that went on for a few minutes with both Roxy and I having an orgasm. Ben later told me that both Daniella's and Riley's right hand had been busy on their pussies whilst they watched.
Once we were all naked Daniella asked that the game end and I suspected that she feared being dared to fuck one of the guys. The guys agreed on the condition that everyone go into the sauna which Charles had previously switched on.
"That would be good," Riley said, "we can sweat out some of this alcohol."
I wasn't sure that it worked like that but I wasn't complaining because there was 8 of us and the sauna was probably only big enough for 4 people.
We ended up with the 4 guys sat on the benches, each with a girl sat on their laps.
I was sat on Harry's lap, my back to his chest, and his boner was lengthways along my wet slit. There was nothing that I could do to stop myself from sliding my butt backwards and forwards until the end of his cock found the entrance to my hole and the next time I slid back it went in.
"Ooooh." I said as Harry's hands found my tits, "was that supposed to happen?"
"Yes it was." Harry whispered.
Everyone's head turned to look at Daniella as she let out a loud shriek of pain.
"Oh fuck." She said and I saw a smile on Matt's face. I guessed that she wasn't a virgin any more.
Looking around I saw that all 4 girls were sliding their butts backwards and forwards and I guessed that all 4 pussies were full of cock.
"I like being at university." Riley said, "we can do things that we'd never dream of doing if we were back at home."
"Yes," I said, "and remember, 'what happens at university stays at university' so we can deny that it every happened."
"Will that help you Daniella?" Roxy asked, "you deny that you ever did what you are doing right now."
Daniella's response was,
"Oh, oh, oh, ooooooooooooh." And her body shuddered.
Within the next 5 minutes, 4 pussies had been filled with warm, creamy sperm and 3 more girls had had orgasms; and 4 girls were leaning back on the chests of the 4 guys who were massaging 8 tits and playing with 8 nipples.
"So Daniella," Roxy said, "you've lost your cherry."
"Yes, not how I planned it but it was nice."
"It'll be nicer the next time, do you want to swap places with me?"
"I think that I'll leave it for a while. Maybe go for a swim."
"Skinny dipping, good idea, I've got something to show you in the pool, but don't leave your next fuck for too long Daniella, it's like falling off a horse, you've got to get back on pretty damn quick or you may never get back on."
"Oh I'll get back on this horse, and quite soon, I promise."
A couple of the others liked the idea of a swim and it was getting way too hot in the sauna, so 8 totally naked young people went and jumped, or dived into the pool. A plastic football had appeared since I was last there and the guys were soon throwing it to each other.
"Guys versus girls." someone said and us girls started trying to get the ball off the guys.
We managed it and started passing it between us girls but the guys started using dirty, or nice, tricks to get the ball back and guys hands were groping us girls quite a lot.
After a while Roxy called Daniella over the inlet jet and introduced her to one type of water sorts. Daniella loved it and we had difficulty getting her to let the other girls have a go. When she did move away she swam over to Oliver as told him to fuck her.
Whilst we were queueing for the water jet I was talking to Riley and she asked me if I thought that Daniella was okay.
"Yes, I'm sure that she'll be okay." I replied.
"I'm still upset about loosing my virginity to the handyman." Riley blurted out.
"I didn't loose mine the way that I dreamt that I would either." I replied, "Tell me about your upset Riley."
"I was raped, well sort of, by our handyman, James, it was summer 2 years ago and I'd been wearing the skimpy bikini that daddy had bought me outside a lot, you know, sunbathing, and wandering around the house in my underwear like daddy had told me to, and he, the handyman, suddenly turned on me and forced me over a table and took me from behind. I told daddy and he sacked him but daddy wouldn't let me tell the police, he said that I was asking for it, which I guess that I was, but I've got over it - nearly."
"My first time was with daddy's driver, also called James, and it wasn't exactly in a romantic place, it was on the lawn outside the front of daddy's house."
"Do you think that it was the same James?"
"No, that's impossible, daddy's James has worked for him for years."
It was Riley's turn on the water jet next and as I watched her I wondered about her, she didn't seem to be very strong willed, and she appeared to always wear what her father told her, I wondered if she was a bit submissive and I decided that I'd talk to her more and find out more.
After each girl had had her turn on the inlet jet they went to one of the guys and got fucked again, this time in the pool. I know that I went to Harry.
When we finally got out of the pool Oliver said,
"So girls, will you let me take some photographs of you?"
After we'd all said that we would, Harry said,
"And will you all be my nude yoga students? They say that doing naked yoga promotes a good sex life. We can hold the class at the end of the pool, there's enough space there."
"Those windows aren't see-through from the outside are they? I can see cars going passed." Riley asked.
"No, we can see out but all the people out there see is a mirror."
"Okay, I'm in, I need some exercise. We girls have to look after our bodies."
Oliver went and got his camera and us 4 girls went to the space at the end of the pool, giggling a bit as we did some 'sexy' practice poses.
"I need some more explicit photos please girls." Oliver said.
"You want some photos of our pussies?" Daniella asked. "I don't know that I could let you do that."
"Daniella, remember that 'what happens at university stays at university', and that includes the city of Bristol and our accommodation." I said.
"Well I guess that it would be okay, I mean all the photographs will just be between us won't they?"
"Of course." I replied wondering if Oliver would post them on the internet.
All 4 of us girls started spreading our legs and Oliver started taking some very close-up shots of our pussies and I saw that Roxy was spreading her legs as wide as she could, just like I had been doing.
After Oliver had hundreds of images of our pussies he said,
"How about something a bit more sexual?"
"You mean like fucking?" Roxy asked.
"There's trillions of photos of people fucking on the internet, I was thinking more of girl-on-girl, 69 ing."
"You mean like Roxy and Georgia were doing earlier?" Daniella asked.
"I've often wondered what that would be like." Daniella said.
"Now's your big chance girl." I said, going over to her, planting a big kiss on her lips and putting my hand on her pussy.
"Oh, oooh." Daniella said when I broke the kiss that she had responded to. I started to kiss her again but her knees gave way and we were quickly in a heap on the floor. I spun round and within seconds my mouth was on her pussy.
"Oh, oooh, oooooh." I heard her say as her hips jerked then her mouth found my pussy.
It wasn't the first cunnilingus that I've had, but it was her first time, and I was sort of distracting her a bit. A lot actually because I was making her cum for me. Her virgin pussy, well it was a few hours ago, tasting quite nice.
I managed to get the odd glimpse of Oliver taking photos and I could also hear the clicks of the camera before Daniella's pussy flooded with her juices as she had a screaming and shaking orgasm below me. Unfortunately, I didn't cum.
What I hadn't realised was going on at the same time was Riley and Roxy were doing the same as Daniella and me were doing. I hoped that not all the photographs that Oliver was taking were of them.
When I climbed off Daniella I saw that Ben, Harry and Matt were both in the pool with their heads, and hands, out of the water and pointing our way.
"Enjoy the show did you guys?" I asked.
"Yes we did," Harry replied as he pulled himself out of the water, "and it's my turn to issue the commands now, naked yoga time girls."
Roxy and I looked at each other and shrugged our shoulders. Riley was smiling and Daniella was just stood there with a blank expression on her face and I guessed that she was trying to make up her mind as to do it, or refuse.
"Right girls, this is my first naked yoga class and I've never even tried yoga myself, but I've watched a few videos but I may have got a few exercises mixed up with gymnastics or aerobic exercises so if any of you think that I am doing anything wrong please let me know."
The 4 of us naked girls lined up with the naked Harry in front of us and the other 3 guys just watched and Harry made clumsy attempts to tell us how to get into the positions that he wanted.
I think that Roxy and I had a better idea of the positions and Harry kept saying,
"Yes, like Roxy." or "Yes, like Georgia."
After a while I said,
"Shall Roxy and I take it in turns to get into a position and you make sure that the other 3 get into that position Harry? And don't be afraid to put your hands on us to help us. You could always get the other 3 guys to help you and the 4 of you could move around the 4 of us so that we all experience each of your techniques."
"Good idea Georgia, I know that I've got a lot to learn but that's what I'm going to university for."
"Yes and you can practice what you learn on us, and maybe advertise for other volunteers, I'm sure that other girl students would love to join us." I said, us girls need to keep our bodies in the best possible condition for all the guys to look at."
"Hmm, yes, a good idea, thank you; and these 3 guys can help me."
"Can I take photographs and videos please Harry?" Oliver asked.
"As long as the girls don't mind." Harry said, closely followed by all 4 of us girls saying,
"We don't mind."
Oliver was out of the pool in a flash and, after drying his hands, picked up his camera to video us.
Then Roxy and I started going to the positions that we knew and I was like Harry, not knowing if they were yoga positions or gymnastics or aerobic exercises. I don't think that anyone cared because they all involved us girls spreading our legs very wide and the guys liked that.
I glanced over to Daniella and Riley a couple of times and it would appear that all their inhibitions had totally gone.
We did a few positions that were difficult to hold and first Roxy, then the rest of us girls asked for the assistance of the guys. I could have managed without the guy's assistance as I do those positions when I workout but I wasn't going to miss out on getting 1 of the guy's hands on me.
"So does doing this naked yoga make you all horny girls?" Oliver asked.
"Hell yes," I replied, "All I can think about when my legs are spread wide is getting fucked."
The other 3 girls had been reluctant to answer Oliver but once I had had admitted what I had, they all agreed.
The last position that we did was 1 of mine. I told the girls to get on their backs and lift their legs up and over so that their toes touched the floor behind their heads. I told the guys that we'd need their help and that they were to kneel below our butts and push our legs. This was a load of rubbish as if we needed any help they should have knelt at our heads, but no one complained and as Oliver put his camera down and knelt over me his cock touched my pussy. I moaned and his cock started to grow from a semi to a full boner.
Needless to say that it slid inside me and fucked me until we'd both cum. Between my first and second orgasm I turned my head and saw that all 4 of us girls were getting fucked.
When we had all cum and were recovering, Roxy asked,
"Can we make it a condition of our participation that you are naked as well Harry?"
"Well I err, I don't know."
"Do you want to use us as guinea pigs or not Harry?" Roxy added.
"Yes, of course, but."
"But nothing, if we're naked then you are as well." Roxy said.
I smiled then added,
"And maybe the other girls that you recruit would like the assistance of Oliver, Ben and Matt, and if Harry has to be naked the you guys should be as well, it will please the girls."
The guys just smiled.
Daylight was starting to come through the windows and I was slightly relieved when Daniella said that she was heading for bed.
As we headed for the lift and stairs I suggested that we have regular, maybe fortnightly residents meetings where we review Harry progress as a yoga instructor. That idea went down well and I decided that I'd try to make sure that it happened.
When Ben and I got out of the lift I said,
"Ben, I'll leave my door unlocked and if you fancy coming over to wake me up later with that cock of yours please do so."
"A friend with benefits, I might just do that." Ben replied.
As I showered I decided that things were looking up. I still had a few things to sort out but life at university was going to be okay. Not as good as on daddy's yacht in Ibiza harbour, but I knew that that couldn't last.
******