Ellen didn't know why this had happened to her. She had begun her day like any other, yet here she was. Things like this were always happening to her.
Ellen woke up at seven in the morning like usual. The twenty year old woman had the day off from her job at the local mall and had planned to spend the day throwing out old clothes that didn't fit her anymore. At the age of seventeen, Ellen had been worried that she would never fully develop like other girls. She had been only 5'2" and weighed a mere 105 pounds. She had absolutely no tits and her hips were almost non-existent.
A mere three years later, she had the body she had always desired during high school. Her hips had swelled to an enticing 35" and her waist to a waspish 21". The biggest growth she had gone through was in her chest. Her once flat chest had expanded to an impressive 38" and held up the most glorious pair of DD-cup tits Ellen had ever seen in her life. Her nipples were small for the size of her tits and were shaped like two pink cones. She had also grown in height as well.
Anyone who had endured rapid growth can tell you of the pains you can go through. Ellen had stopped growing at an even 6' in height. She had grown 10" in three years and her sense of balance had not caught up with her yet, especially with her almost top-heavy physique. She was always losing her sense of balance or knocking things over.
Today was a good example.
Ellen had placed a robe over her panty and tee shirt clad form to get the mail from the box at the street. It wasn't until she got halfway to the mailbox that Ellen realized that her clothes were way to brief to give her any protection from prying eyes, as a sudden gust of wind blew her robe up over her hips along with her shirt, baring her panties.
Ellen walked quickly to the mailbox with one hand holding down the hem of her robe. As she reached for the mail, she noticed a large box beside the pole holding mailbox. It was about 1' by 2' and securely wrapped with no identifying markings on it. She grabbed the mail and picked up the box with her other hand. It was a little heavy and she had to use both hands to take in the mail.
Ellen turned and began to run towards the front door, hoping her robe and shirt wouldn't blow up in the wind again. As she took her second step, Ellen felt a brief tug and heard a loud ripping sound. Looking down, she saw her flimsy robe lying in two pieces on the ground at her feet.
With a brief squeak, Ellen darted towards her house, dodging behind her old car to help block the wind. As she passed the bumper, her shirt caught on it and Ellen heard the sound of the thin cotton tearing.
She looked down and saw a huge rip across the front of the shirt, fully baring her huge tits and going all the way around up to her neck in the back. There was no way her shirt would cover her now. No matter how hard she tugged on the torn cloth, she couldn't get it to come off the bumper. All she managed to do was rip the material further. Finally, she gave a big heave and her shirt tore completely off, leaving her in nothing but her silk panties. The only thing Ellen had to cover herself with was the box in her hands and the mail.
Ellen looked around and saw no one. Deciding to chance it, she darted towards her front door, hoping to enter the house before anyone saw her.
With a grunt, Ellen stood up and ran full speed towards the door.
With another grunt, Ellen fell flat on her back as she tripped over the newspaper on the walkway. She had spun around several times before landing with almost bruising force, sending her mail flying in all directions in the wind.
Ellen sat there and sighed at her plight. Should she try to retrieve her mail or get clothes on first. The mail could get too far away in the strong gusting wind.
Making up her mind, Ellen began the methodical pursuit of her wayward letters. There was only one item to get. The large box, all fifteen pounds of it, was sitting right in the middle of her prize rose bush.
With a sigh of resignation, Ellen slowly reached out and tried to get the heavy box. She stomped her foot in anger when it was too heavy to lift without getting much closer to it. She slowly inched her way into the rose bush, trying in vain to avoid the large thorns. She felt her thin silk panties snag several times on the long spikes as she finally reached her goal. With a feeling of triumph, Ellen turned and jumped away from the rose bush with glee.
Feeling a sudden gust of wind where she shouldn't feel it at all, Ellen looked down with horror at her completely bare pussy. She was standing in her front yard, totally naked. Her shredded panties hung in three places on her rose bush, and her thighs had several small scratches. Her tiny patch of hair, shaved for her thong bikini she wore in the summer, hid nothing of her beautiful little pussy. Her full lips were evident as she placed the box over her crotch to hide her womanhood, leaving her huge tits bared to all.
She made a mad dash for the door and stopped to open it. With a moan of disbelief, she realized that the door was locked. She was stranded outside with no clothes on.
Ellen quickly sat down behind a concealing shrub and began to fret.
After crying for a while, she decided to see what was in the box.
Ellen pulled the tape off of one end ant tried to gently pry the lid open. With a sigh, she saw that whatever was in the box was packed in hundreds of Styrofoam shells. She watched as they drifted off in the wind as she pulled a heavy newspaper-wrapped object out of the box.
The newspaper was taped copiously and she had to shred it to reveal the object.
Finally, there before her, was the object in the anonymously wrapped box.
It was made of lead and was just over a foot long. At over three inches across with a blunted tip, the item looked like nothing other than a weird dildo.
Engraved on the side was the message:
Ellen, this lead cock is for my husband. Thank you for the divorce, Jane.
With tears in her eyes, Ellen began to laugh.