My husband is in Kuala Lumpur for the next few weeks. While he is gone he has given me a hall pass to have sex with his poker buddies. Several weeks before he left, I lost a bet and that turned a corner in our marriage where my husband has been sharing me. He calls me every night and wants to know in detail what kind of mischief I have gotten into for the day.
I'm sorry these get so long but once I get going, it's hard to stop. Please forgive any grammatical issues or spelling errors. I take full responsibility. It is tough keeping the tenses straight as I tell this so I'm sure I messed up somewhere.
***
I didn't wake up until almost noon today and was dreading the inevitable hangover after all of the alcohol I had consumed last night when I went out with my girlfriends. Fortunately, I think staying up and having sex in the Jacuzzi with Tammy, Chris, James and Avery, helped work off some of the vodka and whatever was in all those shots. I feel pretty good, just a little thirsty.
You would think that after last night, I wouldn't be horny either but that is far from the truth. I can't wait to call my husband and tell him all about it. It is almost 10:00 pm in Kuala Lumpur so now would be the perfect time to call him.
I try face-timing him but he doesn't pick up. I am disappointed but know that sometimes he has late dinner meetings that last until mid-night or later.
I go downstairs to make coffee and grab something to eat and just as I sit down, my husband calls.
"Sorry honey, I was in the shower. It was god-awful humid here today and I needed a shower before getting into bed. How was your girl's night out?"
For the next 40 minutes, I sit in front of my husband on the iPad, totally naked and go through the evening, telling him every little detail, from start to finish. I know he is only slightly distracted by me playing with myself while I tell him the stories of last night.
I'm not sure how he will feel about the guy that finger-fucked me on the patio while I jerked him off but surprisingly, I think that is the most exciting part for him.
I promised I wouldn't' fuck anyone that he hadn't agreed to but that wasn't really fucking and I thought he would be okay with it. Boy is he.
Even after I tell him what happened later, after Diane and Lisa were both passed out and how Tammy and I were going at it, he wanted me to tell him again about the guy from the pre-bachelor party on the patio.
"Why are you so interested in that part?" I ask.
"I don't know, it is just super-hot, knowing a stranger was fingering you and that you jerked him off. It really turns me on to think about you and a stranger."
"Oh, that isn't the reaction I expected. I was afraid you would be mad."
"Of course not. I know I told you that you could only fuck James, Avery, Chris and Mike... and I guess Tammy too, and you didn't fuck the guy although I'll bet you wanted to didn't you?"
"I... yes, I did but I would never do anything that would hurt our marriage so I didn't. You know how I am when I get drunk and horny but I love you and I won't break my promise to you."
"I love you Tab and I just want you to be happy and I appreciate that you showed constraint. Although you did get him off, I'm perfectly fine with that. I was jerking off while you were telling me about it. Let me ask you this; if I did say it was OK to fuck him, what would you have done?"
I could see where this was going. My horny husband wanted to get off on me talking dirty, telling him a story about me fucking a strange guy.
"Well, if I had been allowed to fuck him, what I really wanted him to do to me is to bend me over that little wall, lift up by dress and fuck my hot little pussy from behind. I don't care who could see us, your slut wife just really loves a nice hard cock banging away in her pussy. When he had his fingers shoved up in my pussy, it was so fucking hot but I really wanted to feel his thick cock stretching my cunt as he pounded me from behind. I wanted him to grab my tits and squeeze them hard as he fucked me. I wanted to feel his balls slapping against my clit as he drove his big cock into my slutty cunt. And when he was ready to cum, I would want him to turn me around, pull my dress down so that my tits were completely bare and then push me down on my knees so he could shoot his hot cum all over my tits. You know how I like it when you cum on my tits and then I can lick it off. I love the taste of your cum and wanted to taste his too. Would you want me to lick his sticky cum off my big hard nipples?"
"Oh Jeeeez Tab, you are so fucking hot. I'm almost there. What else would you want him to do?"
Now I am almost cumming as well as I pump my fingers in and out of my pussy.
"As soon as I lick his cum off my tits, I want his friends to come looking for him and find me still on my knees, licking the last drops of cum off his cock. Then I would want two of his friends to make me suck their hard cocks. I want them to hold me by hair and fuck my mouth, pulling me off one and having the other fill my mouth with his cock, going back and forth until I swallow both of their cum.
Then I want the last two to stand me up and bend me over, the first one fucking my dripping pussy from behind until he fills my cunt with his cum. Then the last one, the one with the biggest thickest cock, would scoop up the cum running out of my stretched cunt and use two of his wet fingers to lube my asshole, getting me ready to take his big cock. Once he roughly stretches me with his thick fingers, I want to feel his cock against my ass, pushing against my outer ring. He is so big and hard that my poor, tight little asshole is burning as he pushes into my snug ass and fills me with his big thick cock. I want him to fuck my ass good. I want to feel the pain and pleasure as his cock tries to tear me in half. I want his friends to grab my tits and pull my nipples until I cum and cum and cum. I want the last guy to fuck me so hard that I can't see straight and I want to feel his hot cum shoot deep in my ass."
"Would you like that? Would you like to watch a stranger bend your slut wife over a railing and fuck her tight little pussy in public? Oooooh, and then his friends fill all my slutty holes with their big cocks and then leave me all sweaty and covered in their cum. Make we walk back inside with their cum running out of your slut's cunt and asshole and down her legs?"
I think we are both cumming at the same time. I can hear James groaning and my fingers are buried in my pussy as wave after wave of my orgasm rolls over me. My hand is covered with my cum.
"Wow, baby, just hearing you talk about it made me cum," James groaned.
"Me too sweetheart, but what I really want is for you to come home and be with me. I miss you so much."
"I know Tab, just a little while longer. I really need to get some sleep now."
"Wait, there is one more thing I forgot to tell you and you aren't going to believe it. Lisa wants me to fuck Avery!"
"What? You're kidding right?"
"Nope, it is their 10th wedding anniversary next week and she wants to give him a sexy present; me and her for the night. Can you believe it? I told her I had to ask you but I already know you are okay with it but I want to tell her something."
"What?"
"I want to tell her you said yes with one condition. That is, that you get the same treatment for your birthday in June. What do you think?"
"I love it. Do you think she will go for it?"
"I don't know but I am going to talk her into it. Wouldn't that be fun?"
"Sure, but I wonder what Avery will think about it, although he better be okay with it after me sharing you on a regular basis."
"I'm not even sure she would tell him but I hope she does. Maybe then the four of us could maybe play together on a regular basis."
"I'd like that. I did forget that I need you to do something for me tomorrow if you can."
"What do you need?"
"There's a file in my credenza in the office that I need you to get and take to Mike. He needs some information from it to send to the investors."
"In our home office?"
"Yes, and he needs it as soon as you can. I can have him send someone over to pick it up if you can't get down to his office."
"No problem, I can go this afternoon or maybe tomorrow morning. I need to go pick up some things downtown anyway."
John tells me what file he needs and gives me the phone number and address for Mike's office. I can't help but think about what it will be like to see Mike again. The last time I saw him was at the second poker game where the guys had me dress like a school girl while I served (and serviced) them as part of paying off my bet.
Mike humiliated me in front of my husband and his friends, calling me a slut and making me beg him to fuck my virgin ass. He slapped my ass and tits and tortured my nipples while he pounded my ass with his cock, making me beg for more while they all watched. It was completely humiliating and I came in buckets. I can't ever remember having a bigger more powerful orgasm. I nearly blacked out it was so intense.
I wonder how he will treat me in his office? I know John sent him the note telling him that it was Ok to fuck me if I wanted it. I am already close to another orgasm just thinking about it.
"Tab? Tabby? Are you still there?"
"Oh sorry, I was just trying to remember how to get down to that part of town. I haven't been in downtown Dallas in a long time."
"Okay baby, I have to go. You should probably call Mike to let him know you are coming."
"Sure, I'll call him right now." As I say it, I can't help but think that I might be coming and cumming.
After I hang up, I get out my vibrator and masturbate to mental images of me bent over Mikes desk with his cock buried in my ass.
Finally, after 20 minutes, I have worked up enough courage to call Mike. His secretary answers and after I tell her who I am, she tells me that he has been expecting my call and puts me right through.
"Tabatha?"
"Yes."
"I am glad you called. How are you?"
"I'm fine thanks. John said you needed some files and I was going to bring them down to your office."
"Great! I need to get them as quickly as possible. Can you bring them today?"
"I can try to get down there later this afternoon."
"That would be great. It is going to take several days to process the work and John really needs to get this done this week. Would you rather I send someone by to pick them up?"
"If you really need them that quickly, I will drop them off this afternoon."
"Tabatha, that would be a huge help to your husband. I'll tell you what, if you can get them here by five, I'll be able to review them to make sure we have everything and then I'll buy you a drink."
"You don't have to..."
"It's settled then; I will see you soon."
He hung up. I hadn't forgotten how forceful he could be and how I seem to be totally incapable of dissuading him from whatever he wants. I'm not sure what will happen today but I know it won't be decided by me. I already know that he is going to get whatever he wants.
I quickly shower and put on make-up. I can't decide what to wear. I keep thinking about what Mike would want me to wear. I giggle to myself thinking about how silly it would be to show up at his office wearing just a raincoat and high heels. I know he would like that and I would definitely end up bent over his desk.
I decide on a daringly sheer white lace bra that does little to hide my nipples. It lifts and holds my boobs with just the right amount of cleavage. I start to put on the matching thong but then decide to go commando. Instead, I put on a white lacy garter belt and white stockings.
The thought crosses my mind that I really want to end up bending over his desk and how much of a slut that makes me, but I can't help it. In fact, I can't stop thinking about it.
I decide to go with a cute little skirt that frames my ass perfectly and a white silk blouse that is cut low enough to show all of my ample cleavage and some 4" heels. I can't help it; I want to look sexy for him. I want him to want me and more than that, I want him to take me. He is on the list and I am growing hornier by the minute just thinking about what he might do to me.
Now, as I am driving to Mike's office, I am getting that same feeling of apprehension I got every time before one of the poker games. I think to myself; am I really this slutty? I know that I want it. It turns me on more than anything but it definitely goes against everything that I have been taught about right and wrong. Am I really this sex crazed slut?
If being a slut is measured by how wet I am between my legs as I pull into the parking garage of the high-rise office building where Mike's office is, then I am a slut. Probably like the highest level slut there is based on how wet I am just thinking about what might happen.
I press the elevator button for the 23rd floor. I have the files held in front of me which are the only thing keeping my nipples from poking through my blouse.
When the door opens onto the floor, I look around to see which direction the office is but quickly realize they take up the entire floor. It is much bigger than I imagined. There is a pretty blonde receptionist and before I can even ask for Mike, she says, "You must be Tabatha. Mike described you perfectly. He asked me to bring you right back so let me show you to his office."
Mike's office is at the end of the hall and had an expansive view of the city. His assistant, an older but very beautiful woman sitting outside of his office greets me warmly and asks me to wait just a moment while she lets him know I am here.
Just a few seconds later, she returns and has me follow him into his office. Mike smiles warmly at me and reaches to take the files from my arms. As soon as he takes them, I see just a little hesitation which means that he just got a close-up view of my cleavage and maybe a peek at my hard nipples. I don't even have to look to see if they are hard. They are almost always hard and especially now with all of the anticipation of what might happen.
I can see the smile on his face change from being happy to see me, to being happy to see my tits. That brings a smile to my face.
He asks me to take a seat while he scans through the documents. I look to see if he is still watching but he is already buried in the files. He looks from one to the next over the next several minutes and then calls his assistant on the intercom.
She comes into the office and he asks her to get Rick, Jeff, Daniel and Thomas to come into the office and then looks up at me.
"Everything seems to be here. Let me just get these divvied up to my team so they can start working on them. Then I owe you a drink. I really appreciate your bringing these files down this afternoon. It will be a great help to your husband if we can get through these by tomorrow."
I can't help but look at his smile. He has the straightest, whitest teeth I have ever seen and his smile is a great cover for what I know lies beneath the façade. I know how dominant he can be and how submissive he can make me and it is making my pussy wet just thinking about it.
A moment later there is a knock on the door and one after another, four incredible looking guys come through the door, each better looking than the last.
Mike introduces me as Tabatha, first to Daniel, a tall, handsome guy with sparkling green eyes and from what I can tell, under the suit he is wearing, an athletes body. Lots of lean, well defined muscle I imagine, the kind you find on a 20 something professional athlete. Next is Jeff. He is a little taller, maybe 6' 1" tall, dark hair and a full, closely and well-trimmed beard. He too looks like he has a great body. Thomas is next. He is the tallest at about 6" 3" if I had to guess. He is black and big, built like a football player. Solid muscle, a killer smile and a warm handshake. Lastly, he introduced me to Rick who was tall and thin, built like a runner or a swimmer with really pretty blue eyes and the longest eye lashes I have ever seen on a man. These guys looked like something you would pick out of a catalog if you could shop for cute guys.
My mind is going in all directions thinking about what these guys would do to me. And, I have seen every one of them staring at my boobs. I know how sheer my blouse and bra are and just wonder how much they can actually see. I doubt they can see much of my areolas because as hard as my nipples are, the areolas have to been almost all drawn up into tiny circles beneath my stiff, and now aching nipples.
Mike hands each their assignment and tells them to meet back in his office at 7:00 pm, tonight.
I was thinking that I would be the one getting a workout tonight, not these poor cute guys that just had their evenings ruined. Oh well, maybe I am just overthinking this whole thing and exaggerating what would happen when I next saw Mike.
Mike smirks as he watches me watch his guys walk out the door. As expected they all have really cute butts and I was staring.
"I don't hire them for their looks but my female clients seem to think my team is pretty good looking. They are all top-of-their-class graduates and will all be very successful in this firm if they make it through the next year or two."
I must have turned a bit red because Mike looks at me and says, "I didn't mean to embarrass you."
"Well, you caught me. They are a good looking group."
"What do you say we go get a drink and then maybe some dinner later, unless you have to get back."
"Oh, no, I don't have to get back. I could use a drink. Let's see how we feel about dinner. I'm not that hungry right now."
"Fine but I want you to eat something. You have to keep your strength up."
I didn't ask why although I really wanted to know what he meant by that. I pick up my bag and he escorts me to the door.
As we pass his assistant he asks her to call for a car to pick us up in the front of the building and tells her that he will be coming back to the office later but she needn't stay. She responds with a "Yes sir."
I wonder if that is standard protocol with the firm or just with Mike the dominator. He guides me to the elevator and by the time we reach the lobby and walk to the front of the building, a black Town Car is pulling up to the curb. The driver hops out and holds the door for me as I wiggle into the car and across the seat. My skirt makes it a little more difficult than it would normally be but I manage.
It is a short trip to the restaurant and is still early so there are very few patrons in the bar yet. Mike asks the hostess to seat us in one of the booths at the edge of the bar area. She seems to know Mike and his preference for which booth.
We sit down and the waiter comes to our table right away. I am about to order a glass of wine when Mike says, "We'll have two Manhattans."
I look at him thinking I should tell him that that isn't what I want. He looks back at me straight in the eyes. I decided not to say anything, I just smile at him.
"How have you been doing without John? I'm sure that you must be missing him by now."
"Yes, I miss him terribly but my friends are keeping me company and I talk to John every night which helps."
"I talked to John yesterday as well about which files we needed and discussed the urgency to get the information so he could close the deal. I hope you don't mind, but I also asked him for a favor."
He paused and so I asked, "What kind of favor?"
Just as casually as if he were talking about the weather, he said, "I asked him if it would be alright if I let my team fuck you."
I could feel my eyes open wide, just as the waiter approached with the drinks. As soon as he left the table, I took a huge slug of the drink and almost choked as the whisky burned my throat.
"You asked John if it was OK to let your guys, the guys you just introduced me to, to... let them fuck me?" I ask in astonishment.
"Yes."
"What did he say?"
"After I explained that all of them are clean and have been tested for any diseases, he said that he was Okay with it if you are. So are you?"
I don't know what to say. I mean I thought about it; they are all good looking guys. Really good looking and young and... but I wasn't prepared for that question. I know I started to try and answer but I don't think anything coherent came out.
"Well? Are you Okay with it? If not, we can still have dinner and then you can go home."
"Why didn't John say anything to me about it? I mean... I need to think about it."
"I asked John not to say anything."
"I don't think I should, I mean I need some time..."
"Tabatha, you know you want to do it. I saw the way you looked at them and I know they all want to fuck you. Tabatha, you are a beautiful and extremely sexy woman that loves sex and the sooner you give in to that reality, the happier you will be."
I can't deny it because he has seen me be a slut but my conscience is telling me that I shouldn't do this and that this is all wrong. If a group of guys is going to gang-bang me I should be drunk or something, not talking about it like... I don't know what it's like, but it seems wrong.
The real problem is; I know I want to do it. I wanted to do it since I saw them and have been thinking about it since they left his office. Shouldn't I be playing hard to get or something though. This doesn't feel right. It isn't a business transaction. It should be something I do in the heat of passion. Oh crap. I am going to say yes.
"Yes."
"I'm sorry, I didn't hear you."
I know he heard me, I know he just wants me to be humiliated.
"Yes, I want them to fuck me. All of them, and you too."
"I thought so. Now, I'm going to order an appetizer while you go to the lady's room and take off that bra. When you come back, I want to see two more buttons unbuttoned. I want to be able to see those nice big tit of yours that you like to show off so much."
I get up and grab my purse but he grabs my wrist and says, "Leave that here."
He wasn't rough with me but I could tell from his voice that he was serious. I assume he wants to humiliate me further by making me carry my bra back to the table in plain sight. Further humiliation and further hardening of my already hard nipples.
In the bathroom, I step into one of the stalls and remove my blouse and bra. Looking down, I can't really tell how much you can see but I realize as I am putting my blouse back on that two additional buttons undone leaves my blouse open almost to my naval. I want to confirm something I already know will be there and I reach under my skirt. I slide my fingers across my pussy and feel myself smirk as I confirm that I am dripping wet. I try to sop some of it up with a tissue so that I don't end up with a wet spot on the back of my skirt but I feel that may be a losing battle.
Stepping out of the stall and looking in the mirror, I can clearly see the outline of my breasts and even more clearly see the dark pink of my hard nipples. I do feel proud that without my bra, there is very little sag. I'm not defying gravity but my large boobs are definitely still firm and full but gawd, my nipples are aching. I reach inside my blouse and rub them to ease some of the tension but it isn't going to do much except maybe make them longer and harder than they already are.
Walking back to the table, I try to hide my bra as best I can by scrunching it up and wrapping the straps together and squeezing it in my hand. When I get back to the table, I start to put my bra in my purse but Mike stops me. He tells me to just lay it on the table.
"But..."
"Just do it."
"Okay."
"By the way, you look much better now. You are a very beautiful and sexy woman and you shouldn't try to hide it."
"Thank you, I guess."
"What do you mean you guess?"
"I just mean it is humiliating to have my bra laying on the table as if people can't already tell that I am not wearing one. This blouse is completely see through and everyone can clearly see my nipples and ..."
"Stop."
I did, and then I felt his hand on my thigh. I know what is going to happen as he slides his hand up my thigh right to my pussy and dips his fingers into my wet slit.
"Tabatha, you are a beautiful and sexy woman but you are also a slut. You like showing off your body, you like the feeling you get when people look at you and right now you like that you are sitting in restaurant that is starting to fill up with people while your big beautiful tits are being stared at and my fingers are stroking your very, very wet cunt. Now, don't you?"
His fingers are sliding the length of my pussy and up and around my clit and I am about to cum.
"Yes, I do like it but ... please don't make me cum here in the restaurant.?
"I will make you cum anywhere I want but you will not cum until I say you can cum; do you understand?"
"Yes."
"Yes what?"
"Yes, I understand. I am not allowed to cum until you tell me I can."
I am so absorbed in what is going on between my legs that I didn't even notice that the waiter had come back to the table. I don't know if he heard what I said or not but he was obviously looking at my bra laying on the table and the then right at my chest.
He put the appetizers down in front of us just as Mike pressed hard on my clit with his thumb, causing me to jump and causing our waiter to first look at my tits bounce and then follow the angle of Mikes arm as it disappeared under the table.
Before the waiter could say anything, Mike said, "Thank you, that will be all for now."
I notice the waiter walking over to one of the serving stations and while pretending to do whatever he was doing, all the while glancing at our table every few seconds.
Finally, Mike pulls his hand out from between my legs and picks up one of the smaller bites from the appetizer tray. He brings it over to my mouth, offering it to me. His fingers are shiny with my pussy juice as he holds the small cracker with crab in front of my lips. Knowing exactly what he wants, what he expects, I open my mouth and accept the food and at the same time, except his fingers into my mouth.
I glance sideways and see our waiter watching as I clean Mike's fingers of my juices. He is only about 20 feet away and I can clearly see a tent formed in his pants. He is definitely enjoying the show.
As we sit here on our 2nd drink now, it is the oddest conversation. One minute Mike is asking me about how I like the drink I am having and the next he is asking me very personal questions.
"Have you ever been tied up during sex?"
"Yes, once. John tied me to our bed and blindfolded me when we were making love."
"Did you enjoy it?"
"Yes, I guess so."
"What does I guess so mean? Did you enjoy it or not?"
"Yes, I enjoyed it."
"Did he tie you up spread-eagle or some other way?"
"My hands and feet were tied to the four corners of the bed so I guess that is spread-eagle."
"And, did you like being blindfolded?"
"It was kind of scary but exciting not being able to see what was going to happen. Do you like to tie women up when you fuck them?"
"Yes, I was thinking about tying you up later. Would you like that?"
"I don't know. I don't want to be hurt."
"I wouldn't do anything to hurt you and I promised your husband I wouldn't let anyone else hurt you either. I do have another question."
"What is it?"
"You have the most incredible nipples and I know they are very sensitive. Have you ever had anyone use nipple clamps on you before?"
"No, I don't even know what those are."
Mike reached over and stuck his hand under my blouse and grabbed my nipple between his thumb and forefinger. He slowly pinched them harder and harder. I heard myself moan. As he pinched harder, it really started to hurt.
"Nipple clamps would make your nipples even more sensitive than they are already. They hook onto your nipples and I will connect them with a heavy chain that will keep a constant pressure on them and pull on them every time you move."
"You are going to put them on me?"
"Yes, but not today."
"I don't know. I don't think that I will like that."
"You will try it though sometime. "
"Okay, I will try it sometime, but not today."
"Good girl. Now let's finish up and go back to the office. I want my team to find you naked, tied up and ready to be fucked."
I don't have any idea what I should say to that, not that it was a question. Just a statement of what I was about to experience. I wonder if he wants me to protest, if that would make it better for him or if he just likes my total submission, without question. I do wonder what would happen if I just said no. Would he stop and send me home? Do I want to stop it? I already know the answer, I'm just not sure I want him to know the answer. I do know that if I said no, he could easily reach between my legs and tell that I was lying.
He must have texted the driver when I wasn't looking because as soon as we walked out front, the car pulled up. Again, a short ride back to his office but he isn't as sweet this time as he reaches inside my blouse and pinches my nipple hard. I know the driver hears me squeal and I see him look in the rear-view mirror. I also know that Mike doesn't care if the driver sees us or not.
He pinches my other nipple hard and then unexpectedly, he leans over and kisses me roughly while he squeezes my whole boob. His rough treatment of my breasts is painful but my body is starting to interpret this pain as sexual pleasure and I can feel myself opening up to him, letting him know that he can do anything to me.
All too soon we are back in front of his office building. During the two hours we were gone, it seems the place has pretty much emptied out. The guard at the reception desk first acknowledged Mike, nodding in his direction and then openly stared at my chest. I imagine that my nipples are being considered as potentially dangerous weapons sticking out like that.
Back in the elevator Mike presses the button for the 23rd floor and used a key card to access the floor. I guess you have to do that during off hours since the elevator opens directly into the offices. Arriving at our floor, the lights are still on but there are only a few people still there, towards the back of the office to our left.
Mike escorts me to his office and as soon as he closes the door behind us, he pulls me in for a kiss. He forces his tongue into my mouth and I let him in. I can feel his hard cock beneath his pants pressing against my belly and I start to have that melting feeling.
As quickly as he started the kiss, he broke it off and held me at his arms length.
"Take your clothes off," He said in his dominant tone.
I know better than to hesitate although it was a bit of a shock. I quickly followed his order and first removed my blouse and then my skirt. As I step out of my skirt, he tells me to leave my garter belt, stocking and heels on. I was hoping that he would.
"Go and stand in front of my desk."
I do it without hesitation. As I walk toward the front of his desk, his picks up my skirt and blouse and tosses them into the corner. I am just standing in front of his desk with my arms at my side. I feel like I should cover myself up or something but I know that is not what he wants.
He reaches into his bottom desk drawer and pulls out a length of rope. I can feel my eyes get big and he notices as well.
"I told you I was going to tie you up. Are you still OK with that?"
"Yes, I want you to do it." And I meant it. I wanted him to dominate me completely. I want to just let go and let him do whatever he wants with me. In anticipation, I can feel the moisture building between my legs again. This was all in my fantasy.
He walks toward me with the rope and takes me by the arm, leading me to a black leather chair. The arms are padded and it has a low back. I notice that it sits pretty low to the ground and wonder if that is to put his clients in a position lower than him so the he comes off as superior.
He tells me to climb onto the chair backwards so that my knees are on the seat cushion and I am facing the back of the chair.
"Now, climb up so that you have one leg up on each of the chair arms and lean over the back of the chair."
I follow his instructions as best I can. I realize just how wide the chair is as my legs are stretched apart with a knee on top of the arms and on either side of the chair. Leaning over the back leaves my ass high in the air with my legs spread very wide.
"Now, put your hands behind your back."
In order to do that I have to lean down on the back of the chair. Mike moves to the front of the chair, between my spread legs. I know that I am completely open to him and he can see how wet I am. I realize that this puts my pussy and ass almost at exactly the height of his cock and I can feel his pants brush against my thighs as he grabs my wrists and ties them together. This wasn't how I imagined he was going to tie me up but I realize that I am completely at his mercy with my legs spread wide and completely accessible from the front of the chair and my boobs and mouth available to him from the back of the chair. I am completely helpless in this position.
Mike walks to the back of the chair and lifts my chin so that I am looking at him.
"How do you feel?"
"Helpless and vulnerable."
"And so you are. For the next few hours, my associates and I are going to use you however we please. I promise that I won't let anyone harm you but just in case, I am going to give you a safe-word. Do you understand?"
"Yes."
"If at any time you are really uncomfortable or it is too much for you, all you have to do is say the word Red. Can you remember that?"
"Yes, Red, I got it."
Mike keeps talking as he walks around to the front of the chair and behind me. I know I should be listening but I am finding it hard to concentrate. I feel his finger on the back of my left knee and he slowly and very lightly moves it up my thigh, right to the edge of my completely bald and slick pussy before he pulls away and does the same thing on the other leg. This time though he very lightly brushes along the length of my slit. With just this lightest touch, I feel my labia part slightly, begging his touch. He just continues light circles along the length of my slit, careful to avoid my clit.
Just when I think I can't take any more he pulls his hand away completely and then slaps my right ass cheek hard. I jump and scream at the unexpected sting. He spanks my right cheek again hard although I am a little more prepared this time. Then he spanks my left cheek twice, just as hard.
He continues using his hand to spank my bottom until I am sure that it is bright red. I can feel tears forming in my eyes as I squeeze them tight, anticipating the next blow. My ass is very tender and stinging when he finally stops.
Then all of the sudden he plunges what feels like two or maybe even three fingers, straight into my pussy. It hurts for a second but I am so wet there is no resistance. He leaves them embedded in my pussy up to his knuckles for a moment before he starts to slowly pull back out. He fucks me with his fingers 5 or 6 times and I start to push back on them. As soon as he feels me pushing back, he pulls his fingers completely out.
He walks around to the back of the chair again and grabs my hair, jerking my head up so that I am looking at him. He holds three fingers in front of my face that are covered in my pussy juice.
"Why is your cunt so wet Tabatha? Look at how wet my fingers are."
"I don't know why."
"Yes you do. Now, tell me why your sloppy little cunt is so wet."
"Because..."
"Because why Tabatha?"
"Because..., because I'm a slut."
"That's right. Because you are a dirty little slut that is going to let 5 men fuck her slut cunt, her slut mouth and her slut ass tonight. Isn't that right?"
"Yes."
As soon as I say yes he shoves all three fingers into my mouth. As I lick and suck them clean, I can hardly believe how covered they are in my juices and I haven't even cum yet. The humiliation stings but right now it is what I am craving. This is what I fantasized about and I know that if he hadn't taken his fingers out of my pussy, I would have cum all over them in just a few more seconds.
As I finish cleaning my juices off of Mikes fingers, I see him unzipping his pants with his other hand. He pulls his thick cock out through the zipper and strokes it a few times before he pulls his fingers out of my mouth and grabs a handful of my hair. Using my hair like a handle he positions my mouth so that it is right in front of his hard cock. I can see a small drop of pre-cum forming at the tip and I open my mouth in anticipation. Instead of sliding it in my mouth, he uses his cock to slap against my face. Further humiliation.
However, it just heightens my anticipation for getting to suck his cock. I want to feel him in my mouth. I want to take him deep in my throat and show him how good I am at cock-sucking. I want to please him.
It is only a few seconds before I get to feel him in my mouth. As expected, he shoves his cock into my mouth and all the way to the back of my throat. I am ready for it though and easily handle the length although the girth is causing my jaw to have to adapt quickly.
As much as I want to prove to him how good I am at sucking cock, he is not about to give me the chance. Although I try to use my tongue to swirl along his hard shaft, he takes full control and starts fucking my mouth with slow powerful strokes.
"I forgot how good your slutty little mouth feels. You are a good little mouth fuck."
I would have said thank you but his cock was repeatedly plunging into my throat and I was taking all of him down to the base, with my nose pressed against his abdomen. I hear the door open but can't turn my head to see who has entered the office. I am hoping it is not the cleaning crew or one of Mike's partners.
I hear Mike ask, "Did you get all the information we need?"
"Yes," was repeated 4 times.
"Well then, I guess we can celebrate. Who wants to be the first to fuck this beautiful little slut?"
Mike's cock is deep in my throat and he is holding it there. I am about to pass out when he finally pulls out and I can turn my head to see the four young men I met earlier quickly undressing.
Mike bends down and whispers into my ear, "They don't know you are John's wife. As far as they know, you are one of my subs and this is the first time they are going to get to use one of the women I have brought here."
Jeff, I think is his name is the first one undressed and he walks up behind me.
"Is it Okay if I lick her pussy first? I want to taste that thing.?
John shoved his cock back into my mouth and he must have nodded his okay to the young man who started lapping at my pussy. I am starting to feel the tingling in my abdomen that signals my on-coming orgasm. Daniel was licking my pussy with long strokes along my slit from bottom to top and swirling his tongue around my clit. Mike was fucking my mouth at a good pace and I could tell he was getting close. I feel him reach down and grab my nipples, one with each hand. He pinches and then pulls them hard out to my sides. The pain shoots through my tits and sends bolts of lightning to my pussy and I started to cum. I feel like I am exploding and that my cum is covering Jeff's face.
At the same time, Mike pulls my nipples toward him as he shoves his cock as deep in my throat as he can get it and starts to cum. There is too much and I start to choke so he pulls out and the last 3 ropes of cum land on my cheeks and chin.
"Holy fuck, I've never seen a woman cum like that before," I hear Daniel say as he pulls his tongue away from my pussy.
A second later I feel a hard cock pressing against my wet opening. "Yes, please fuck me," I beg him.
In one long slow push, he inserts his entire cock into me. I try to moan but at that exact moment there is a large black cock pushing its way into my mouth. It is thicker than Mike's and slightly longer and I gag slightly as he pushes all the way into my throat. My jaw and throat are rapidly trying to adjust as he hits the back of my throat and stays there. His large hand is holding me there by the back of my head.
Together they both start fucking me, both pulling out and pushing back into me in unison. It feels so good having that hard cock filling my pussy. I have no control and don't try to take control. I just want them to use me, fill me with their cocks and cum in me.
It's hard to concentrate but I feel the cock in my pussy start moving out of sync, faster, harder; I know he is going to cum inside me soon. A moment later I feel him shooting his hot semen deep inside me. He is stopped and I can feel his tight belly against my ass and his balls against my clit while he deposits his load of cum.
The cock in my mouth though is still steadily fucking my throat. When the cock in my pussy pulls slowly out, I feel the cum running down my thighs and I picture how it must look with my his cum and my juices coating my inner thighs. The cock in my mouth is now pulled out abruptly and I watch as he walks to my left, his cock still hard and bobbing, slick and shiny with my saliva. I imagine he is going to fuck my pussy next.
No sooner does he disappear from sight than another hard cock appears in front of me. I don't even look up to see who it is. I just let his push it into my mouth. This one isn't nearly as long but it is just as thick. Whoever is in my mouth also has a handful of my hair and is holding my head in place while he starts fucking my mouth with slow, deep thrusts. He reaches down and slaps my left tit which is hanging just over the back edge of the chair.
At the same time, I feel a hard cock sliding along the opening of my gaping pussy. I offer no resistance with a mixture of my juices and the last guy's cum. I am so sensitive, I can feel every ridge, every vein as he slides back and forth along my slit and over my clit. It is getting me very close to cumming again. Every time the ridge of his big swollen cock head catches on my clit, it sends bolts of lightning shooting through my whole body.
With the cock in my mouth not as long, I can use my tongue more to swirl around the shaft and tip as he continues his assault on my mouth. I can hear him moaning every time I swirl against his glans. The cock that is sliding against my pussy is now pushing against my opening and he easily slides in. He is taking his time, slowly pushing deeper. The two cocks are not in sync and it's hard for me to concentrate.
Once the cock inside my pussy feels like it is all the way in, I feel one last push which causes him to hit bottom and send a sharp pain through me. The pain subsides as his cock retreats, only to hit bottom again. By the third time, the pain is no longer interpreted as such and I can feel my cervix starting to give way to his thrusting.
A sharp sting on my ass comes from an unexpected slap, and then another. Five more in quick succession and I am cumming. My whole body is convulsing and I am trying to suck in as much air as I can around the cock in my mouth. Neither cock slows at all as they now have started a rhythm where one pulls out as the other pushes in.
I feel a thumb or finger start to press against my tight bud and rub it slowly. Then a glob of cum from my thigh is being pushed around my back entrance. I don't think I can take that big cock in my ass and I struggle to try to remember my safe word. I am trying to relax, to remain calm when I feel a thumb press into my ass. The cock in my pussy and thumb in my ass make me start to cum again.
The cock in my pussy is starting to speed up and the thumb in my ass pushes deeper and is held there. I wonder if he can feel his thumb rubbing against his cock, held apart by the thin layer of tissue between my ass and pussy. I can feel him growing harder and he pounds my pussy in quick stabs just before he cums. It feels like he is cumming gallons inside me and he has slowed down but he is still fucking me.
Finally, he stops and when he pulls out, I can feel a lot of cum running down my legs and I wonder how much is dripping directly onto the carpet.
It isn't long before another cock takes his place, this one smaller but it feels good. It feels like it is curved or something as he slowly pushed it along the roof of my pussy. He is just touching my g-spot as he continues to slide in and out of me slowly. I can feel my muscles contracting around him as he slowly works in an out of me at a steady pace.
Now the cock in my mouth has once again gotten my attention as it is pushed deep into my throat and I feel the rush of cum moving from the base to the tip. The first shot hits directly against the back of my throat and I try to swallow as quickly as I can. He then pulls out and as I take a deep breath, the second shot hits my nose and face, the third, my hair and chin.
I can only imagine how I must look with my face, hair, chest and legs covered in cum and my ass bright red from a spanking, still spread wide and being fucked from behind. This must be the image of a true slut. I am embarrassed, humiliated and still wanting more.
Several more minutes pass and I have more cum running down my thighs as whomever is behind me finishes. My hair is in my eyes and I can only see a shadow moving close to my face when I hear Mike say, "No. I want to hear her bag for my cock when I fuck her in the ass."
As soon as the words leave his mouth, I feel him slap his hard cock against my ass and then rub it around the gooey mess between my legs for a moment before he is pushing against my tight hole.
"Relax slut, I don't want to have to hurt you," he says. "You want this don't you slut?"
"Yessss."
"Yes what?"
"Yes Master, please fuck my ass. I'm begging you to please fuck my ass."
I can hardly believe the words that are coming out of my mouth. Three months ago if you had told me that I would be spread wide over a chair begging to be fucked in the ass, I would have told you that you were crazy, but here I am. I really, really want him to fuck my tight ass and make me cum on his thick cock while it is buried as deep as possible. I took the fast train from perky, sexy little devoted and faithful housewife, to depraved slut begging to be ass-fucked. How did this happen?
I can't think about where I have been or where I am going any longer as half of his cock is pushed into my ass. I crave this feeling. The burning, the stretching, the pleasure/pain I feel when my ass is being penetrated by a stiff cock is what I want. Mike grabs the rope that is tied around my wrists and lifts my arms up and then pulls back toward him, lifting my chest off the back of the chair. He pushes even deeper into my bowels and then pulls out just to the tip before he slams all the way back in. I feel his balls slap against my pussy and I start to cum.
"See, she is already cumming and I just barely started to fuck this tight little ass. I told you she was a slut," he announces to his guys.
He never slows down while I am cumming and it is a big one. My whole body is incredibly sensitive right now but I want nothing more than for him to continue to use my ass. After what seems like 2 to 3 minutes, my arms are aching, my body stops convulsing and I am back to concentrating on the cock fucking my ass.
"Jeff, grab her tits. Squeeze them for me."
Jeff walks up in front of me, his partially erect cock hitting my face before he reaches down on either side of me and grabs a tit in each hand. He gently squeezes them and I unconsciously push back harder against Mike's cock.
"Squeeze them harder," Mike says and Jeff does. It hurts at first but the pain only seems to add to my pleasure.
"Now slap them."
Jeff lets go allowing them to hang free underneath me. He then slaps one, then the other, lightly. Mike will have none of that and he scolds Jeff for being a pussy. Mike bends down while his cock is buried to the hilt and slaps my left tit really hard. I can hear myself yelp but I'm not feeling pain. All I feel is a strange sense of floating, like I am above the pain. Mike slaps the other one even harder and once again I hear a yelp but my body isn't sensing pain. I realize that I am missing the feeling of my ass being fucked as Mike has been pushing into me the whole time.
"Rick, get over hear and show him how to slap a titty."
Jeff moves away and Rick walks in front of me and without warning he slaps my right tit hard enough to cause it to swing across my body. Then the left one, then back and forth four or five times. Now Mike is back to fucking me hard and fast. He is slamming into me hard enough to make it hard for Rick to hit me because my tits are flying all over the place.
"Just grab the nipples and pull hard."
That did it. The pain in my nipples shot straight to my core and I started cumming again, this time it just kept going. I think that I passed out for a few seconds because when I opened my eyes, Mike was standing in front of the four young attorneys and I heard him tell them, "Now that is how you fuck a whore."
Mike unties my hands and I slowly sit back on my knees, very unsteady. I watch as the four men get dressed and leave Mike's office. Mike is still naked but as soon as the door closes he walks over to me and gently holds my head.
"Are you OK? I think we lost you there for a minute."
"You did. I think I blacked out, I was cumming so hard. I have never felt anything like that."
Mike gently helped me up and led me to a private bathroom off of his office where he leans me against a cold marble counter. He cleans himself up and then hands me a wet washcloth and a bottle of water.
"I'll wait outside for you."
I think I have taken at least 30 minutes just to get somewhat presentable again before I come out. I can't look Mike in the eyes.
He comes up to me and gently lifts my chin so that he is looking into my eyes. "You are an amazing woman. Your husband is a very lucky man."
For some reason, I start to cry. How can he be so sweet to me all of the sudden when he just fucked my ass without mercy, ordered one of his minions to torture my breasts, and called me a whore? I am too tired to try to figure it out. I am ready to go home.
Mike walks me to the parking garage to find my car. I can tell that he is truly concerned about me driving home but I am starting to feel better. The water helped. By the time we get to my car, I am still physically tired but mentally, I am wide-awake and trying to figure it all out.
Mike must have sensed that I am confused about what happened and standing next to the car, he gently hugs me and says, "You need to stop trying to figure it out and just enjoy it for what it is. There is nothing that is going to make sense except that you needed something. You may not know what it is or why it is, so stop trying to figure it out and enjoy it."
I don't know how he knew what I was thinking. Maybe all of his submissive sluts go through this. I don't understand it but I will talk to John about it tonight when I get back. At least I know he is going to enjoy the story.