Corner Market
A hot day in July. My internet is down, all day according to my apartment manager. Some digging going on down the street.
So no work possible (I work remotely on tech) and no porn either.
Bummer.
Time for a drive, clear my head, do some shopping maybe.
Choosing the convertible I put the top down, cruise out of my stall in the basement and head onto the boulevard.
It's hot, maybe I should have the top up and the AC blasting but I like the sun on my face, the wind in my hair. It centers me.
Turning onto the expressway I get a mile then feel thirsty.
Fortunately there's a corner market at the next light. Been there often, and they carry a passable half-sweet tea I like.
Turning at the light and turning in, there's just one car in the lot. Still I cruise to the far corner near the hedge screening the expressway, away from any possible parking lot fender-benders. Gotta protect my baby!
I trot in, wearing just a T-shirt with a Habitat logo and some soft shorts. Going commando, didn't expect to mix with the public much. And it's hot!
Making a beeline for the cooler in the back, I spot my tea in the usual rack, grab a cold one and head for the register.
The guy at the front of the line is on his phone, holding everybody up. Listening, shushing the cashier and talking too loudly at somebody.
There's always that guy I guess. I'm not in any hurry in any case, so no big deal.
Anyway the lady between him and me is worth a look. Hispanic, sleek black hair, sensuous face, red lips, hourglass waist.
And those Hispanic hips! To die for! I've got several bookmarks on my favorite porn sites, Hispanic butts are kind of my thing.
Add to that, glorious tits nearly bursting from the brief sundress she's wearing! And likely not wearing much else - where would she put it?
She seems to be impatient or something, tugging on the guy's arm. So they're a couple, no problem. Nice view from where I'm standing!
So, slick with the greased hair and expensive shoes finishes up barking into his phone, stuffs it into a shirt pocket.
"Got to go!" he says to the chica. He leaves without another word, just heads out the door.
She looks a little stricken, almost a panicky look. Hollers "Cabron!" after him.
Taking an uneven step to the counter she leans heavily on it with one hand, the other clutching a coin purse.
Clerk guy repeats "$3.95 ma'am!" in a pleasant clerk voice.
Fumbling she gets out a five-dollar-bill, pushes it across the counter.
Now she's leaning over, clearly not doing well. The heat? But why would she be buying chips then...
One feature of a sundress combined with those luscious hips is, when you lean over it rides up considerably.
It became clear to me that she was going commando too! I could see her bush clearly now, trimmed but thick and black.
The clerk is having trouble making change. Apparently his cash drawer is low. He turns to the counter behind him, begins poking at a keyboard.
She leans further over now, both hands on the counter, her head hanging down.
Now I can see her asshole! Except I can't; there's something in the way.
My eyes don't figure it out for a second, something round and glassy and textured...
A pop bottle! She's got a pop bottle stuffed up her ass!
And I mean, stuffed. There's just about one inch remaining exposed. The rest is fully engaged with her guts, between those glutes, inside those bountiful hips somewhere.
My mind goes into overdrive, like one of those slow-motion scenes in a movie where the hero just learned something that changes his whole world.
Consider: she's here with a man, or was anyway. Dressed like a slut, no panties, no bra, just a too-small sundress. He abandons her, and she's boiling mad.
She's an exhibitionist! He's her handler, but now he's gone and she's humiliated in public with nobody to help, nowhere to turn.
In a flash of brilliance I reach forward, extend my index finger and tap on the bottle bottom.
Donk!
She jerks and stiffens, confused but otherwise no response.
The clerk is still doing some safe-change-swap thing, fiddling with a capsule that popped up from a tube, not noticing anything.
I take a half-step forward, crowding her. With the pad of my index finger, I reach down without touching her, touch the bottle, and push ever so gently and firmly.
She freezes, a pause of a beat, two beats. Then her ass moves imperceptibly back, and the bottle move a little further into her body.
I can see her asshole rim stretched to it's limit, slowly slowly inching back on the bottle as it eases into her guts another quarter inch.
I hear her breathing now, heavy and loud in this small store.
This is going to be fun.
The clerk has her change now, a dollar and a nickel. She takes the dollar with a shakey hand, stuffs it into the purse.
The nickel she drops at her feet. It rolls away a foot, two feet, spins and stops.
Deliberately she turns, bends at the waist, her skirt shamefully inadequate to cover her glorious butt, and reaches down.
Her pussy is completely mine if I wanted it, pink and moist, right there for the taking. Her asshole exposed to the cold air-conditioned shop, the bottle slick with condensation.
She's two feet short of reaching the coin, in heels, and she pauses, waits, the bottle quivering as she holds the pose, deciding what to do.
The glass is sweaty but slick somehow, her butt shiny around her asshole. Lube? That makes sense. She came prepared.
Ever the gentleman, I crouch and pick up the nickel in one hand, putting the other absently on her leg to steady myself.
This is our first contact. She's hot. Of course she is; Hispanic with perfect looks and figure.
But her skin is also like a radiator, heat boiling off her flushed skin. She's embarassed and excited in equal measures!
From this vantage point I can see her pussy clearly. It's wet and drooling, girl juice running down the inside of her thigh.
It would take oh so little to push her over the edge, to make her come right here in front of me and the clerk.
Raising my gaze I look her in the face, bent down where I can nearly kiss her. Those incredible full red lips.
She's persipiring, her upper lip wet. She's nervous and flushed.
Offering the nickel to her outstretched hand, at the same time I raise the other hand up her leg until I bump her bush.
My palm gets wet from her dripping juice.
That gets a jump! and the hint of a smile.
Standing again she drops the nickel into the purse, snaps it shut. She smooths her skirt, which hardly helps and still doesn't cover much.
I stand as well, release her, put my bottle on the counter and drop three ones. I don't wait for the change.
She takes one shuffling step toward the door, clutching her bag of Lime and Chile Fritos.
The clerk notices her difficulty for the first time.
"Lady! You ok? You look a little pale. You want to sit down for a while in the air conditioning?"
A good lad, and polite to the lady. He goes up a notch in my consideration.
I wave him off.
"No problem! I'll walk her to her car."
He looks to her for confirmation. She looks between us, sizing me up, then nods to the clerk.
Only then does he relax, knowing she's taken care of. Another ratchet up in my regard for the young man.
I put my arm out for her to lean on, take her chips in my other hand. The tea I slid into a pocket on my shorts, which oops! nearly pulled them down.
Fortunately my cock was extended no small amount, and the waistband couldn't fit past. A relief!
This was all about her exposure, not mine. I didn't want to steal the limelight from her with a cock-flash in the parking lot.
Outside the door, "Where's your car?"
"Gone. He took it. Hijo de puta!"
"I'll drive you home."
Tossing her chips in the trash on the way by - they were just a prop for her show after all - we step off the curb together.
One hand now free, I place it in the small of her back, just to help steady her.
But immediately I snake it down, cupping the gorgeous curve of hip, and feel under the skirt for the bottle.
Grasping it firmly I twist!
"Hey!"
That was an involuntary outburst, not really a complaint. She takes a half-step but continues toward my car.
Still holding the bottle rim I firmly lift!
She goes up on tip-toe in response, but makes no objection.
We proceed, me taking my time while she totters on her high heels, up on the toes like a ballerina.
Two college girls are coming around the side of the shop, from the community college dorm just down the way likely.
They're wearing Hacker! tops, no bras at all of course on this hot day, and shorty-shorts. Their college-girl tits are incredibly cute poking through the skin-tight fabric.
Their legs look improbably long, exposed from toe to crotch, tan and strong.
One glances our way, does a double-take. Clearly we've been spotted.
She nudges the other, stops her, talks excitedly in a low voice, pointing. They step around to get a better view.
"Hey Chica! Nice butt!"
"Hi Boyo! I'm next, ok?"
Laughing the turn and enter the shop, leaving us to our fun.
I can see my charge turn furiously red around the ears. I feel her sphincter try to swallow the bottle whole in a clutching spasm.
She's clearly very into this. I'm going to take the next step.
With one finger I begin a steady tapping on the center of the bottle bottom.
Donk! Donk! Donk!
I get a jerk and a gasp each time.
Every third tap I grab and twist gently, causing her hips to wriggle. She staggers each time.
Nearly to the car I combine twisting with pressing, like I'm trying to push the whole bottle into her body.
Which I am of course.
She has to stop now, puts both hands on her knees, and starts hyperventilating.
Juice is running freely from her pussy now, her thighs wet to her knees.
Just then a car turns into the lot, cruising to the gas pump.
I release her, let her recover, offer her the arm again.
We make it to the car without further incident.
Here we're screened from the expressway by the hedge, and far enough over so the clerk couldn't see us unless he came to the window.
The lady pumping gas is engrossed with her phone.
I take her to front of the car, let her brace herself on the hood.
Grasping one hip, I grab the bottle with authority this time.
It's cold! I didn't notice before. Straight from the cooler?
Never mind. With leverage on her hip I make a concerted effort to ease the bottle into her ass.
She leans heavily on the hood, spreads her legs, arches her back.
Her flesh closes elastically over the last bit of bottle, I have hardly to press at all as it retreats inside her.
It leaves her asshole slightly open, and just inside is a void where her flesh cannot close entirely over the bottle.
A little black hole!
Wetting one finger I put it in. Moving my hand rhythmically I finger-fuck her ass. Each stroke I bonk! against the glass, then pull out again.
She's gasping with each stroke and her asshole is clenching futilely, not able to close entirely.
Admiring her hips, I flip the trivial bit of skirt over her back, stroke her, massage her muscles just above those sexy glutes.
Inspired, I reach around to her front, up under her dress, and put my warm hand on her abdomen.
Massaging these muscles, I feel for the bottle. And there it is! A hard lump in her gut, just about where I should find it.
I probe her tummy with rigid fingers, stroking the bottle from the outside. And with my other hand I force three fingers into her guts.
As well as I can I manipulate the bottle inside while feeling the response outside, the hard lump moving slightly with each shove.
My cock has leaked pre-cum until the front of my shorts is one wet spot. I can feel it twitch with each of my heartbeats.
She's reaching her limit now, her abdomen spasming, arms over her head barely holding her off the hood, clutching at the surface helplessly.
Abruptly I stop with the tummy probing, snake my hand up her dress to her tits, maul them.
No bra of course! Just warm firm young-woman tit-flesh.
The other hand out of her ass, I stroke her drenched slick pussy, the bush knotted with her wetness but her slick lips protruding through and gaping.
I grab a nipple, pinch it hard. With a gush her juice flow redoubles.
Smearing the new wet surge over her clit, I alternate tugging each nipple in turn with a clit-flick and a vulva plunge.
There's absolutely no resistance inside her cunt. My fingers can go anywhere as deep as I want, slipping and sliding and slurking and there's nothing but slippery wet cunt tissue.
The light has turned, traffic gotten heavier this near the lunch hour. The line backs up until I can see a Mustang just through the hedge, not 10 feet from where we stand.
A business type casually looks over, does a double-take! Whips out his phone.
Putting my thumb as deep as it will go in her vulva, my fingers covering her wet lips and clit, I bend over her, cradling her in my arms, and whisper in her ear.
"Executive-type over there.
He's taking video with his phone, of a slut on a car hood being bottle-fucked in the ass by a stranger!
You're gonna be online in minutes. Millions of views!
Tonight your brother will see it! Your Papa will jerk off to his daughter being fucked in a parking lot!"
I push hard! into her cunt, simultaneously grabbing a nipple cruelly and pulling!
It's too much. With a Wail! she cums in a rush, squirting her orgasm out her pussy onto my front tire, wetting it like a dog marking its territory.
My fingers in her cunt are squeezed cruelly, drenched.
With a convulsive spasm of her abdomen the bottle is ejected out her asshole, flying onto the asphalt with a crack!
It rolls to the curb and comes to a stop.
The business guy has driven on when the light changed.
I release her and she falls to the hood, her breasts mashed into the metal, arms over her head limply, knees at odd angles, her legs spread, her toes stabbing at the ground to keep from sliding off, her legs trembling.
I retrieve my phone from the console and take a few of my own pictures.
It takes a minute but she's soon recovered. With a weak smile at me she gathers herself, bends to pick up the bottle.
Her asshole gapes bright red; her cunt still drooling girl-cum down her legs.
The bottle is full! A corona! She's been shoplifting that beer in her large intestine this whole time.
I open the passenger door, help her inside, hold the door until she's settled.
There's going to be a wet cooch mess on my leather. No problem, I've cleaned up worse before.
I needed a new air freshener scent anyway - and slut cunt is one of my favorites!
I close the door as she unbuttons her sundress, pulls each tit out. They fall heavily down her front.
She looks tremendously cute with her boobs draping over the top of the dress. Round and firm, with dark brown areolas and stubby wide nipples perfectly proportioned!
A little squashed from my man-handling but that would pass.
Easing my waistband over my erect dick, no danger of upstaging her performance now, I jerk my meat.
In just a few strokes I'm squirting my fresh semen through the window, onto her chest.
The last bit on her chin, she scrapes around between her boobs, scoops it all up with one hand, shloops it into her mouth, swallows.
Then pinching her areolas, stretching each nipple up she cranes her neck, licks and sucks them clean in turn!
Coming around to the driver's side and getting in, I see she's still got her tits out. I guess we're going home this way!
My shorts are still down in front since my dick didn't go flat yet. In fact I'm still pulsing out the last of my cum.
Leaning over the console she slurps me into her mouth and sucks and licks me clean.
With a look like the cat that ate the canary, she settles back into her seat, puts one arm on the window ledge.
"Where do you live? I can take you home now."
"Comemierda! Never mind that; where do you live? I want that cock."
That works for me. I put it in gear, turn back down the expressway toward my place.
"What about the bastard? And your car?"
"He's nothing. I'll cut his balls off later."
All the way back her tits are flashing in the sun, startling not a few drivers in the other lane.
She has one hand in my lap, one hand in her lap, stroking me absently, fingering her drooling cunt, red-faced, smiling big.