I parked the truck and trailer behind the Chinese restaurant and walked the short distance to your building. When I reached the end of your street I took out the phone and dialed your number. You picked up right away.
"Hey, sweetie," you purred.
Every time I heard your sweet voice I smiled. "Hi, beautiful."  "Are you close?"  Not close enough, I thought. "Almost there. So what are you wearing?"  You giggled. "Umm, tight jeans and a black bra."
I could picture you standing there and my manhood immediately grew hard for you. "Sounds delicious. I want you to do something though."  "Okay, baby."
"Take them off. Everything. I want you to open that door for me nude."
There was a pause. "You sure?"
Oh, yeah I was sure. "Absolutely. I want you completely naked for me."
I could hear the smile in your voice as you agreed.
"I'm almost there. See you in a moment."
I turned into your parking lot. There was a young couple sitting on the hood of a red mustang. They both appeared to be in their early twenties. He was a nice looking young man, slim, dark hair and had a nice smile as he spoke with his girlfriend. They held hands and quickly kissed. She was pretty with long blonde hair, full breasts beneath a pink sweater.
An idea came to me.
I nodded to them as I entered he front door of your building. I quickly bounded up the stairs. I could not wait to see you. I had been on the road for months and had barely even seen a woman in that time. I was about to explode I wanted you so bad.
I knocked on the door and right away you opened for me. You stood nude framed by the doorway, clothed only in your beautiful smile. My cock swelled and my heart beat fast. In a moment I took it all in. SHoulder length light red hair that framed your beautiful face. Brilliant blue eyes shown like stars and your sweet red lips beckoned me. Your breasts were full and my hands ached to touch you, feel you. Your waist curved out to delicious hips and you were cleanly shaved boldly displaying your feminine cleft to my hungry eyes.
"Hello, sweetie." Your smile was contagious and I broke into a huge grin of my own.
"Hi beautiful," I relied as I wrapped my arms around you.
We kissed. Many long night I had ached for your kisses and I was rewarded with the soft touch of your warm lips upon mine. Our tongues caressed and made love sending chills down my body. Your body was soft and warm in my embrace. I stroked my hands across your back, your hips, luxuriating in the touch of your soft skin. Your sweet scent burned my lungs with desire. My left hand meandered up to your breast, fitting so perfectly in my hand as if made just for my touch. Your nipple grew hard beneath my stroking fingers.
Your own hands explored my back and up my neck and into my hair. Our kisses grew more intense as we both gasped for air. As my hand fondled your breast your own hand explored my crotch and stroked along the length of me.
In the passion of our reunion you had not really noticed I had guided you into the hallway. We stood framed by a large multi-paned window that looked upon the front of the parking lot. I glanced out the window and saw that our presence had not gone unnoticed by the young couple. They stood by he car, the boy pointing up to the window. The girl had her hand covering her mouth as to hide her surprise to see a nude woman in the window.
I sucked upon your lower lip and quickly kissed your neck. "Take my shirt off." You quickly pulled at the hem of my shirt and raised it over my head, letting it fall to the floor. You ran your hands across my chest, your fingers sliding through the hairs.
Then there was a look of shock in your blue eyes. "Oh my god, we're in the hallway!" You grabbed my hand and turned to retreat into the apartment, but I held firm and pulled you back into my embrace.
"Yeah I know." I kissed you. "Look out the widow."
You gasped when you saw the couple below still watching us, their gaze fixated upon your naked body. "Oh my god," you giggled.
I smiled and squeezed your hand. "Get on your knees for me."
You hesitated only a moment then complied, slowly sinking to your knees before me.
"Take off my pants now." Your fingers quickly unfastened my belt then pulled my jeans down. I kicked off my shoes and stepped out of them, my erection poised just before your lips.
Your eyes betrayed your eagerness to taste me, to feel my hardness in your mouth. I stepped forward and let the crown slide across your warm lips which parted to allow your tongue to reach out and caress me. You looked up to me, soft blue eyes beseeching me to allow you to feast upon me. I smiled.
I brushed my cock across your lips and cheeks. The touch of your skin upon me was overpowering. Once more upon your lips, your tongue lightly licked across me. I pushed forward slowly into your hot mouth. You inhaled with a sense of satisfaction as I slowly filled your mouth. Your eyes were still upon mine. I simply nodded approval.
You gulped me down and began sucking me in earnest. I stroked the hair from your face so our young audience could clearly see you sucking me. The boy was smiling broadly and the girl was giggling. They clearly were enjoying the show however.
You hastened your attentions, alternating sucking hard with lashing your tongue across the head. I tossed my head back and groaned in ecstasy. Your fingers caressed my balls, stroking them as your licked along the length of my shaft. Your brilliant eyes were still looking up to me as you swallowed me down.
In that moment I realized how beautiful sex truly was. The vision of me in your mouth, your eyes looking up to me was more beautiful than any work of art by any great artist. In that moment I realized your beauty was more than earthly, even though we were engaged in a truly earthy activity.
I looked out the window to check on our audience. I laughed softly. "Check out our audience." You released my cock from your kisses and laughed to see the boy sitting on the hood of the car, his own erection exposed while the girl stood beside him stroking him. They looked up at us and both waved. We waved back and laughed.
"Stand up and kiss me," I commanded.
You stood, still stroking my member in your hands. Your kisses rocked my body with electricity. I pulled you tight and squeezed your bottom. I loved the feel of your firm ass in my grip. Your skin was soft and it was impossible to resist stroking and caressing. I sucked your tongue and caressed it with my own. You groaned and promptly sucked upon my own lower lip, eliciting my own groan.
"Stand here," I motioned to the center of the window. I soon positioned you displayed before the window, your hands reaching up to the corners and your legs spread wide to me.
A car slowly drove down the road, the driver gawking at your naked body displayed in the window.
I stroked your back and caressed your cheeks. I kneeled behind you and slowly let my kisses cover your ass as I spread you apart, my fingers exploring between your cleft and down between your legs.
You gasped and moaned as my fingers slipped across and parted your slick lips. My lips feasted upon your bottom.
"Oh yes," you moaned as my fingers slowly slipped inside your hot wet sex. I pressed into you deeply and stroked slowly. You breathing quickened.
I glanced down at our audience and was amused to see the pretty blonde bobbing up and down upon the boy's cock.
Just then there was a noise at the door across the hall. My heart quickened and I knew you had not noticed it yet. I wondered what was about to happen and who would step out. The door opened and a cute little brunette stopped in the doorway, her green eyes wide in surprise.
"Oh my god," she exclaimed.
You recoiled at the sudden interruption. I knew you wanted to retreat to your room, so I placed my hands upon your hips and held you firmly in place.
I placed a long luxuriating kiss upon your hip, then turned to the young woman. "Hello," I smiled.
She stared a moment and then smiled. She wore a light blue sweater that stretched across full breasts. She wore tight jeans that accentuated her curves. I noticed quickly that the jeans were so tight that they gripped her loins in a sexy camel toe. "Oh my god that is so sexy," she said.
"She is, isn't she," I agreed and slipped a finger back between your legs. Your body relaxed as I entered you.
The girl giggled. "Yes, she is. May I watch?"
I smiled in approval. "You can watch, you can participate."
You gasped and looked down at me. In answer I wiggled my fingers inside you.
The girl bit her lower lip and was obviously pondering the invitation. Then she stepped to you and boldly kissed you, opening your eager mouth to hers.
I looked at our outside audience. "Look outside."
You and our guest both looked out in time to see the boy standing over his girlfriend as he orgasmed, shooting a sprays of white cream across her eager face.
You moaned softly as I stroked inside you again, our guest resumed her kisses, and then I pressed my tongue between your cheeks to taste your rosebud. You groaned deeply into the girl's kiss.
She placed her left hand upon your breast and pinched your nipple as her right hand descended between your legs. You twitched when her fingers found your excited clit and began strokng it.
I stood slowly letting kisses trail up your bottom, and along your back. I pressed my erection between your legs against your lips. You moaned and I could feel the girl's fingers massaging you. I pressed against your lips and very slowly slid inside you, finally entering you.
I stoked slowly in and out, deep and shallow, alternating fast and slow thrusts.
The girl's fingers played with your clit faster and faster. Her hand upon your breast squeezed and kneaded your flesh making your nipple ache with desire. Her deep and hungry kisses seemed to suck the air from your body.
I placed my right hand upon your hip, and my left hand reached around to grip your other breast and squeeze your excited nipple. I nibbled the back of your neck. I thrust into you, filling you, my hips pumping my manhood into you.
Your breath quickened and suddenly your body went rigid. You screamed out to god as your body convulsed. I felt your sex quiver around me in spasms, gripping as if to empty me into you. You gasped and threw your head back as your body was wracked with orgasm.
As you slowly recovered your body seemed to melt into my embrace.
"That was amazing," you gasped. I agreed and kept my firm embrace upon you to keep you standing.
Then I turned to our guest. "Hi there, I'm Orville, and this beautiful woman is Heather."
The pretty brunette took your hand in hers. "Hi Heather, I'm Ashley."
You smiled and hugged Ashley close to your naked quivering body.
"Heather, why don't you help Ashley out of her clothes," I suggested.
I watched as you slowly lifted her shirt over head then unfastened her bra to reveal perky small breasts tipped in rosy hard nipples each of which quickly felt your hungry mouth upon them. You placed little kisses upon her belly as you knelt to unfasten her jeans. You wiggled the denim down to reveal a tiny white lace thong which you promptly removed baring her shaved sex to you. Her body was attractive, but not yet a woman's.
I watched you softly kiss her feminine cleft, your tongue sliding between her lips to taste her.
I looked out the window to our young couple below. The girl was sitting upon the Mustang, her jeans lying on the ground and her legs spread to the boy who was kneeling with his face between her legs. Her face revealed the pleasures she was experiencing.
"Ashley, why don't you lie down?" Then I directed you to lie upon her, sixty-nine style. Ashley spread you open and quickly her lips feasted upon your sensitive clit. You were bent over her servicing her in a similar fashion.
I kneeled behind you my erection eager to re-enter you. Ashley stroked my member and rubbed my head against your lips before guiding me into you. I slowly slid into you as Ashley resumed her cunnilingus. My hips pumped me into you slowly, your pussy massaging me as I stroked you. It was like being cradled in the embrace of an angel.
I spread your cheeks and massaged your rosebud. You moaned. I continued massaging and pressing until my finger slowly entered our smooth, warm interior. Once inside I pumped a few times before applying a second finger and entering you.
I was lost in the sensations of being inside you.
Ashley was moaning softly so I knew your tongue was equally talented with a woman's body. Soon, she was wiggling below us, panting and gasping. She grabbed my legs squeezed as her body throbbed and was wracked with overwhelming waves of pleasure. A moment later she collapsed in ecstasy.
Then I could feel her pressing her face to your sex, her tongue licking and stroking you and me as I still pumped into you. Moments later once more your body tightened and twisted as the waves of heaven swept over you.
You sat up quickly and turned around on me, swallowing me with your hungry mouth. You sucked and licked with ferocity. Ashley stroked my balls and soon I felt my own pleasure begin to swell. I groaned loudly as I lost control of my body, my muscles flexing and convulsing as I emptied myself into your hot, sucking mouth. Your tongue flicked across my sensitive crown making me twitch. You released me and swallowed my seed then slowly and meticulously licked me clean.
Then you bent to Ashley and kissed her deeply.
I sat back and watched the two of you kissing and caressing one another's bodies, hands stroking breasts, cheeks, hair.
I laid beside the two of you and joined your embrace. My hands glided across your breasts to hers, from your hair to her cheek. I felt your hand upon my cock, stroking me back to hardness.
Ashley finally broke the embrace. "I'm really late for work." I had you redress her, sliding her jeans up, you fastened them with a kiss upon her shaved pubis. Sliding her shirt down you covered her with kisses upon her nipples. She kissed you good bye and raced down stairs to her car.
We looked outside and the young couple was dressed again and still watching us. The boy raised his hand with thumbs up sign and smiled broadly. I returned his sign of approval.
"Let's go inside and continue," I suggested. I gathered my clothes and retrieved Ashley's undergarments then followed your swaying ass inside.
I laid the clothes upon the couch where yours were. I grabbed your black thong and kept Ashley's white one and followed you to the bedroom.
You laid upon the bed. Your face was red and your hair was messed. You were beautiful.
I took my place beside the bed and took your right hand in mine.
"What are you doing," you asked.
I replied with just a smile as I took Ashley's thong and tied your wrist to the metal design of the headboard.
"Oh my god."
I went to the other side and tied your left hand in place with your thong.
I laid beside you, my erection sliding against yoru hip. I placed my hand upon your breast,massaging and stroking. I kissed you.
"Now, where do you keep yoru toys," I asked with an impish smile.