This is the second chapter in the "Her 45th Birthday Dilemma" series of stories. This series is about a woman, Jenna (a.k.a. "Jade"), who is turning 45 years old soon. Her yearning back to a time in her past when she was an exotic dancer has begun to take over her thoughts. And now, she has acted upon those thoughts for the first time by dancing at a private Superbowl Party. For the lead up to this part of the story, see the first chapter in this series.
*****
The 20-minute drive home was a mix of emotions. Jenna (a.k.a. "Jade") was exhilarated at what she just did, and a bit worried that her husband would suspect something when he returned from his business trip in a few days. Could she hide her emotions? Could she put this into the proper perspective of something shehad to dobefore turning 45 years old? So many thoughts, the minutes flew by and she found herself pulling into her driveway at home.
She noticed that there were lights on in illuminating the kitchen window, and she was sure she had shut them off before leaving. Perhaps one of the kids got home and raided the fridge and forgot to turn out the lights? That has to be it, they were always doing that then going up to their rooms to play video games or watch TV. She tossed the thought from her mind, got her travel bag of "dance clothes" and headed into the house.
Taking out her key, she placed it into the lock and turned ... it was UNLOCKED already. Those kids!! How many times has she told them to lock the door behind themselves. She called out to her almost adult aged kids (both approaching 18 years old now).
"Brandon!? Kimberly!?" there was no answer.
She dropped her bag in the foyer, then closed and locked the door behind her.
"How many times have I told you two to LOCK the door behind you when you come in the house!?" she exclaimed loud enough for them to hear upstairs.
Suddenly, a deeper man's voice responded, "Oh, sorry honey! I was in a rush to get back and grab a bite. I didn't get anything to eat on the flight home. "
It was her HUSBAND Brad. She stopped in her tracks, she was frozen in place. He was not supposed to be home for days from that trip. How will she explain her travel bag in the foyer? Does her face clearly show her secret? She desperately needed to shower to wash off the glitter that remained on her tits, which was now hidden by her conservative shirt.
She took a few steps back to the foyer, grabbed her bag, and tossed it into the hall closet. She returned to walk toward the kitchen, turning the corner to see her husband's ass, covered in his boxers, as he bent over rummaging in the lower shelves of the fridge. The view looked good, he did have a cute butt, and his legs were muscular and strong, especially when they were between hers and pounding his massive cock into her pussy.
"Hello dear, I wasn't expecting you home so early. What happened?" she sheepishly asked from the kitchen doorway. Trying to be nonchalant as if she just got home from a shopping trip as she awaited his response nervously.
"Well, the important part of the conference was over for me, and all they were going to do was go out and party all night. I decided I wanted to come home instead, so I redeemed my ticket for an earlier flight home. To be honest, I missed you, and was surprised when you were not here when I arrived." he responded calmly and logically (as he usually was).
He missed her and came home early. Now she felt like shit. She just had a great night of topless dancing, and then did a lap dance and fucked a stranger, who came on her face and tits, all for money. Granted, she made about $800.00 this one night, but it didn't make it right. She was a swirling vortex of mixed emotions; guilty, sad, embarrassed, confused and excited. A combination of all the above. She had to get out of this situation somehow before she broke down in tears.
"Well, I was bored, what with the kids pretty much on their own at this point, so I went out shopping for a few hours. I'm going upstairs to change and freshen up, OK dear?" she tried to calmly and honestly state as her heart was pounding, and she was welling up inside.
"Shopping? What did you buy? Anything interesting, you know, sexy?" Brad asked as he quickly stood up from his foraging and turned to look her in the eyes. A devilish smile on his face, as if he also had a hidden secret.
Jenna was surprised, as Brad has not mentioned her sexy buying habits in years. She used to go out and buy sexy outfits when the children were young, and their marriage was new. But it seemed the last few years had been a routine of him traveling for work, and her keeping house and managing the kids. He was a great provider, but she wanted more of the spark she had when she was dancing. That free swinging young woman that felt no shame for anything she did, was proud and confident in herself.
Tonight, she had that same feeling again, and it seemed to begin to retreat back into obscurity with the unexpected arrival of her husband. However, this question of his put her off balance and surprised her since his sexual desire seemed to have warned the past few years and he had not been that bold in openly looking enthused about the possibility of her buying something sexy.
She was unsure of how to answer, and hesitated, perhaps a bit too long. Brad noticed the pause, and was about to comment when she spoke up, "Not really. But I do have something you might find sexy. Would you like me to put it on for you now? It would only take a minute or two." She was thinking of the Cowboy Cheerleader outfit in the travel bag that now rested in the hall closet.
"Sure, I'd love to see you model it for me. I'll meet you in the TV room, OK?" Brad eagerly said as he darted from the kitchen toward the TV room.
Hmmm...he must be really horny tonight she thought. I guess that is what he meant about "missing me". Once Brad was out of sight, she went to the hall closet, grabbed her travel bag and went to the upstairs bathroom to change. She took a quick shower, freshened up her pussy for him, and began to dress. Braless, she put on the cutoff football shirt, the short skirt with no panties, and the cowboy boots. A little spritz of perfume on some key areas, and in only about 20 minutes she was ready. She headed down the stairs and toward the TV room when she heard the sound of sports on the TV. Odd, since she knew Brad was not a big sports fan usually. Sure, he would get into the playoffs and big games but those were not going on right now. The only game that met that standard was the Superbowl game. The SUPERBOWL!! OMG she thought, he must have DVR'd the game and was watching it now!!
Not knowing what to do she hesitantly called out to Brad in a shaky voice, "Brad, are you still interested in seeing my outfit? I hear the game on and don't want you to stop it just for me."
Brad shouted out to her, "Hell no baby, come on in, I want to see it, the game is almost in halftime anyways. You gotta love DVR's fast forward through the commercials and the game goes so much faster. Come on in when you are ready"
Well, it's now or never, she realized she had less butterflies in her stomach when she was going to do this exact same thing earlier tonight for a room full of strangers. Yet now, she was hesitant to do it in her own home for her own husband. But, even so, she found she is getting aroused and wet again. This was exciting her again, the return of the showgirl, two times tonight. Like old times doing 4 sets a night, nude on stage.
She decided then and there that is EXACTLY what she was going to give her man tonight. She was going to fulfill every man's fantasy that goes to a strip club. She was going to give Brad the best dance of his life, then take him upstairs and fuck his brains out, she wanted him to take her in every way and in every hole tonight.
She proceeded to dance into the room as the halftime show began on the TV, "Sir, here I am, Mrs. Cowboy Cheerleader. For your entertainment tonight, sit back and enjoy the show." she announced in the same manner Meriam introduced her earlier in the evening. She strutted in front of the TV and began her erotic dance routine, sharpened by her earlier performance. She was on fire, and Brad was loving every minute of it.
His eyes were wide, and his shorts revealed the massive beast has been awakened and now threatens to rip its way out of its confinement like the Hulk. "Woo Hoo, Yeehaw!!" Brad shouted. "Let's see some skin baby ... you know how to do it!"
She reached under her cutoff shirt, pinching her now erect and sensitive nipples. Revealing one breast, then a second, then dropping her shirt again in a strip tease. She danced over to Brad and took his hands in hers. She placed them under her shirt on her now sweaty tits. His hands felt so good, so much better than the men earlier that night. He began to massage her tits, all around the sides, over the top, and down through the cleft in the middle.
She pulled her shirt up and over her head, then tossed it to the side. She grabbed Brads head and bent forward to place his face between her heaving mounds. He placed kisses between her tits, which triggered a wave of passionate heat ripping through her body. Her pussy was on fire...and she could feel the juices dripping out of her, hot, fluid rivulets of her arousal.
"Mmm...Brad, that feels wonderful. I don't deserve you. I need you to suck on my nipples, please." she begged to him.
He lifted his face and took one nipple between his soft lips. Gently he kissed the erect fleshy nub, as the surrounding areola puckered from his hot breath. His tongue poked out between his lips and made tiny circles on the tip of her sensitive nipple. It sent shivers down her spine, and she felt her legs getting weak.
Just at that moment, she felt his hand slide up her thigh and under the back of her skirt. She felt his hand upon her ass cheek, and then he began to squeeze harder and harder. It felt amazing, a sensuous moan erupted from deep within herself. He pulled her forward which helped support her weakened knees.
Looking up at her from between her awesome tits, he said, "Hey baby, how about a lap dance?"
Surprised, yet mesmerized, she nodded her head in agreement, stood up and seductively turned around and bent her waist to place her ass and engorged pussy in his face. She felt his hands grab her hips roughly, and his tongue reach out to flick up and down her exposed pussy lips from behind. Her juices now dripping down her inner thighs, she spread her legs apart to give him easier access to her moistened tunnel. She lowered her head, hair flipping over the back her head so she could watch his tongue give her a lashing between her legs.
"Oh, this tastes so good Jade, I have waited so long to taste your hot wet pussy. It's the nectar of a goddess." Brad managed to say between licks and flicks of his tongue on her throbbing clit.
He called her Jade? How did he know that name? What is going on? She thought in rapid succession. Just as he pulled her hips down to his lap, she felt his enormous cock, now fully 10 inches hard slide into her pussy from behind.
"Fuck me Jade, ride that hot pussy on my cock. I've waited so long, don't hold back now, let go, be the loving slut you always have been. I love this side of you and am glad it is back" Brad commanded her from behind.
With this she erupted in a massive orgasm. She flooded his lap with her hot squirting cum. Her hips bucked uncontrollably as she heard him say, "I've known about you and your dancing days since before we met. I was drawn to you the first moment I saw you on that stage. I was determined to have you as my own. You were so sexy then and are even more sexy now! Keep that rhythm, ride me cowgirl, ride this bucking bronco. I want to feel you cum again before I fill you with my own cum."
Jade began to ride that bronco for all it was worth. Bouncing faster and harder on that cock, she could hear the slapping wet sounds of their sex. She could smell the aroma of her pussy and his manly sweat. She could feel his massive tool stretching her from inside, reaching the deepest areas of her erotic spots. She arched her back, reached up and pinched her nipples, hard. Pulling them upward toward the ceiling as she came a second time on his hard and hot shaft.
"YES, OH YES, I'm CUMMING AGAIN BRAD!! YES!!" she shouted to the ceiling. His hot and heavy breathing behind her, his hips matching her movements, pounding into her without abandon.
"Oh yeah baby, that's it!! Right there!! I'm going to explode in you!! YES, YES...FUCK! You are such a fucking hot sexy woman. Take it, take my cum deep into you!!" he shouted to her.
"I WANT IT BRAD, I WANT YOUR CUM. I want to feel it inside me, please, I am yours" she panted as she felt his cock spasm and shoot a thick stream of cum deep into her pussy. Stream after stream he continued. Once they were both spent, they fell on their sides on the couch. Laying in a loving embrace. Jenna was wondering if she should say anything to spoil this intimate moment, but she must know.
"Why did you call me Jade? Where did you hear that?" she asked, tentatively.
"This was better than the facetime I watched earlier tonight. One of my customers was at this Superbowl party, and she facetimed me the live halftime show. It was Jade, the Cowgirl Cheerleader. She was great and dressed just like you are now! I loved it and couldn't wait to get home and have my own, private Superbowl halftime show" confessed Brad in a voice conveying his approval.
"Brad, you know?! You knew all along?! Meriam? How much did you see tonight?" she asked, a tear welling up in her eye.
"Who do you think paid for that lap dance earlier?" he said, with a glint in his eye. "Honey, I love you, and I think you need to do more shows. As long as I get to be there as your bodyguard and get to watch. Then, when we get home, I get the slow-motion replay of the night, deal?!" he said to her, while pulling her close and placing a tender kiss on her neck.
"Of course, dear, whatever you want, it's a deal. I love you more now than ever. I am yours, and I think we can do anything we want as long as we remain together. But I will need to go shopping for some new outfits. Care to join me and help by deciding, together?" she shot back at him.
Brad looked at her and said, "OK, deal. I wouldn't miss it, not for anything. I'm thinking something from ancient Egypt. Like you used to wear in the early days. That was so hot then and promises to be even hotter and sexier now. Especially for your upcoming 45th birthday. It is shaping up to be a great day, I'm looking forward to it."
Now, Jenna, no JADE, is no longer worried about turning 45 anymore. In fact, she cannot wait for that birthday to arrive!
(The next chapter will deal with Jenna's 45th birthday preparation, and exploring the link between her husband Brad and the Superbowl party hostess Meriam)