It was quite late by the time we opened the new bottle. We had been all been drinking for a while, celebrating the new years and enjoying the evening with old friends. It was an ordinary evening, but in the middle of it, there was nothing ordinary about it. The party was still in full swing, and showed no signs of letting up.
This was our first trip out since we had been together, and the first chance for many of my friends to get to know her as my girlfriend. The comments my friends made about her were what you would expect from a group of twenty-somethings in long-term relationships. They referred to her with the usual collage of chauvinistic comments, but considering their age and oversexed demeanor from the lack of sex that comes from monogamous relationships, I wasn't the slightest bit offended; mostly, because they were right, she was out of my league.
Being around the five-foot mark, what she lacked in height, she more than made up with looks and body. She had the curves that made one think, the golden age of film, a true pin-up, with dark curls and porcelain skin. Everything was beautifully proportioned. Her large chest balanced against her shapely rear, so that when my friends gawked over her, I didn't blame them, because she had the sort of body that could get you hard just by watching her move, and she was doing just that.
As we poured a new round of drinks, the party decided to go out back for a cigarette. She wandered up to me as I was refilling our drinks. She took hers, and said, "Thank you, baby," while kissing me full on the lips, slipping her tongue into my mouth unexpectedly, but it wasn't long enough for me to reciprocate, only enough to tease.
As we passed the bathroom, on the way to the back door, she said, "Wait here, I'm going take advantage of it being empty," and sauntered in, giving me a devilish grin. My heart stopped for a second; all of the lust and desire she had been building in me over the evening spilled from every androgynous zone in my body and into my blood stream, causing me to atrophy. But, when she closed the door without offering me an invitation to join her, I realized that I was getting a little ahead of myself, and that regardless of how I felt, we would certainly have to wait until we were alone to do anything naughty.
So, I waited, holding both drinks, listening to the water run behind the door, and the laughter coming from outside. When she finally opened the door, she smiled, and asked, "You miss me?" and I said of course. She gave me little kiss, and asked if I could hold the drinks a second. I nodded and watched as she ran her hands along her short skirt, flattening any of the creases that may have popped up. She always wore short skirts, but was not so scandalous as to wear them without tights, which I didn't mind because I always found something sexy about the tights: the way they hugged her legs, showing the sexy shape of her lower body, and how they are transparent at certain angles so that if you were lucky, or well skilled, you could catch a glimpse of something.
She took a few steps and said, "okay?" and I smiled. She reached for the door, but dropped her hair band. She bent at the waist, allowing her short skirt to rise up slightly, and with the track lighting just above our heads, it gave me a perfect view of her bare ass, and the soft outline of her slit.
She looked back to me, and said, "got it," and showed me the hair band. I stuttered, "uhh, what, uhh, happened to your underwear?" "It got a bit constricting. Is that okay?" I nodded, to which she smiled in reply, pated my crotch, and took her drink.
When she walked outside, it seemed like she had forgotten all that had just happened, as though she hadn't just teased me to no end. She went over to her friends and began talking, and socializing. I walked over to a small group my own friends and lit a cigarette. One of them said:
"What's up?"
"Very little. Very little."
"Where we you guys," said another guy.
"I was waiting for her. She was in the bathroom."
Immediately the thought of her bare ass came to mind and my breath sort of stuttered.
"You alright?" one of them said. My gasp was apparently more obvious than I thought it was.
"Yeah, just uhh, went down the wrong pipe."
They nodded, and talked among themselves. I looked over at her, and she turned towards me, telling me to come over. When I reached her, she whispered in my ear, "Did you like what you saw?" All I could do was nod. She then whispered, "Do you want to see more?" I gathered myself a bit better this time and said: "Clearly." She smiled, and leaned in once more, "I'm horny, and I want you to fuck me."
I didn't know what to say. I wouldn't go as far to say that it was out of character, but it certainly was different because she had never been so blatant with other people around. But, for the moment, that was the least of my concern because I had no idea where we could go. It wasn't the biggest apartment, so it wasn't like we could just disappear into another room for a while. But, she already had her plan. She said:
"Meet me at the car."
I chuckled, but she kept a straight face, and I knew she was serious. I nodded and walked back through the house, and straight to the car. I knew when to obey orders.
I hung out there for a while. I was beginning to think that she was playing a joke on me, but sure enough, she appeared out of the doorway and was walking across the street.
"Sorry," she began, "the girls kept talking to me."
"That's alright."
With that the talking stopped. She wrapped her arms around me and pulled me into a kiss. I wrapped my arms around her, sliding me hands under her skirt and cupped her ass. I pulled her up by the ass, allowing her to dig her crotch into mine. Sliding her arms up my chest, she slowly brought them down over my stomach, and finally to my cock. She began by slowly rubbing it through my pants, alternating squeezing and tugging in between the rubs.
I took a cue, and slid my hands inside of her tights, moving from the back to the front, finding her wet crotch, and slowly began teasing her clit with my middle finger. She pushed my hand away, and shoved me against the car. She unbuckled my pants, and took hold of my hard cock with one hand and pulled it out. We were still out in the open, so I looked around, but when I took my eyes off her, I didn't see that she had slipped my cock into her mouth. Immediately I stopped looking around, and closed my eyes; I thought that if anyone happened to see, lucky them, they could be jealous.
I opened my eyes; she was stroking me with her left hand, and running her tongue from the base of her hand to the tip of my cock. She smiled before putting it back into her mouth. I could feel her tongue swirling around inside of her mouth. But, it didn't last long. She pulled my cock out, and pointed it upwards, running her tongue over my balls and while stoking my cock. She looked up at me, smiled again, and asked, "You like that baby?"
"Yeah," I grunted.
"What do you want now?"
"Get in the car, and lay on your back," I said.
She climbed in and propped herself onto her elbows, and smiled. I buttoned the top button of my pants, just so they would stay on for the moment, and pulled her tights off. She opened her legs, and could manage a, "mmmmmhmmm," as I buried my tongue deep into her pussy. I licked up and down, only occasionally running across her clit, to tease her the best I could. Her hands ran through my hair and over my upper back, finally falling to her shirt, which she lifted to reveal her large tits. She began slowly massaging them in a slow circular motion. Every so often she would give her nipples a pinch before going back to the slow massage.
By this point I had given up on teasing and was focusing most of my attention on her clit. Every time I flicked it with my tongue, her hips bucked and she let slip a breathy moan. I reached down with my right hand and softly cupped her ass. I dragged my tongue downward, swirling it over her opening, briefly teasing her asshole before returning my attention on her clit. She grunted slightly and growled, "stick a finger in," and so I took the hand that was cupping her ass and slid my index finger into her pussy to lubricate it, and then began to work it in her asshole. I was licking her clit again, but as I began to work my finger deeper into her, it pushed her deeper over the edge. She grabbed the back of my head and held it still as she rocked back and forth with an orgasm.
She pulled me up to her, and kissed me deep on the mouth, tasting herself. She was breathing heavily, but still wanting more. We pulled our legs inside the car and closed the door. She yanked my pants off and grunted, "Fuck me, baby." We shed the rest of our clothes in a sort manic fray: me taking off pieces of her clothing, she taking of pieces of my clothing, and still trying to take off pieces of our own.
Finally we were completely naked, the backseat already feeling tight, but we were well beyond caring. She propped her back against the seat and I crawled between her legs. She placed her feet on each headrest while I straddled the middle console. I rubbed my hard cock along her pussy before easing it. She let out a moan, and grabbed my ass to control my thrusts. He dug her nails, pushing me deeper into her, the two of us grunting with passion. She brought her legs down and wrapped them around my back, allowing me to work into her harder, and faster. She began to coo, "You want to cum baby, yeah? Cum for me." I was so frenzied that it took me a second to understand what she was saying, but finally I was able to say, "Not yet." She nodded, and slid out from underneath me. I understood and sat back as she crawled on top of me.
I grabbed my cock so that she could aim herself on to it. She was squatting above me, and began working up and down, so that the bottom of her ass did not come in contact with my lap. Her arms around my neck, she kept working up and down, until she was close and slammed herself to the tilt and exhaled with deep groan. I grabbed her big tits; they were bouncing in my face, and so I flicked my tongue over her hardened nipples.
She began grinding on my cock, working back and forth, grabbing onto the back of the seats for leverage. She always knew that when she worked me this way, it never failed to make me cum. It was the way her tight pussy felt when it contracted with each thrust, and also, the way I knew it looked if some one were to be watching. Her round ass clenching and unclenching as it worked on my hard cock, always got me. I knew I was close, and so I wrapped my arms around her so that I could work into her with more force. She put her hands on the roof so that she could position herself in such a way that she didn't have to move; I could just work in and out of her harder and faster. She leaned into my ear, and said, "Cum baby, cum." I couldn't hold it any longer, and came with my cock buried as deep as it could get into her. She moaned with every spurt of my cock, and collapsed on top of me. She smiled at me from above, and said, "Happy New Years baby." I smiled back, and short of breath said, "Happy New Years baby."
We got dressed quickly and went back inside. Everyone knew something was up. They asked where we had been. We just smiled and said, "We went for a walk."