It was the following Wednesday and I was in the office doing paperwork and various project follow up when my cell rang. The caller ID told me that the call was coming from Jean's office and my cock stirred thinking of the coming Friday appointment.
"Hello Mr. Dupree, this is Gretchen from Jean Merryweather's office. Can you hold for Ms. Merryweather?"
"Sure Gretchen, I'll hold."
"Mr. Dupree? Hi it's Jean. Listen something has come up and one of my clients is going to be here on Friday so I have to cancel our appointment." She was very professional in her delivery and you would think that our appointment was strictly business when it most certainly was anything but.
"But I want to make it up to you, are you available the following weekend? I have to travel to Pittsburgh next week for business and I see that the Mets are in to play the Pirates that weekend. I could fly you in on Saturday morning and we could go to the game together. Does that sound good to you? I've heard it's a great ballpark to see a game in."
Although I was disappointed that I wouldn't be getting laid this Friday I brightened at the prospect of having Jean to myself for a whole weekend. "I am up for it, I've got no plans. I could use a change of scenery also. Thank You."
"It will be my pleasure Mr. Dupree, I'll have Gretchen contact you with the travel arrangements. Don't worry about the cost, I can charge it off to my client as a consulting fee. If they only knew what kind of consult you provide me with." She laughed.
We rang off and immediately my mind started to dream up various scenarios for the weekend. After our last session in her office I knew that I could push the envelope with her and enter a whole new stratosphere of sexual experience that a month ago I would never imagine could happen to me. Just then my boss stopped by my office and pulled me back into reality and my lewd thoughts were put on hold for the time being.
The weekend came and went and I kept myself busy with work and a barbeque with some of my buddies. It was funny one of my friends wanted to hook me up with a chick in her 20s. I told him I would get back to him, knowing full well I couldn't go for the young ones anymore now that I've experienced the pleasures of an older woman.
On the Wednesday before the trip Gretchen called to get my email address so she could send me the flight confirmation and hotel booking. I wondered what she thought of me traveling out to meet her boss on a weekend. I suspected she knew something was going on in Jean's office that 2nd time I was there. If she hadn't left yet she most certainly would have heard us. Oh well I didn't care one way or the other. She told me that Jean would meet me at the airport Saturday morning and gave me her cell number if I needed it.
Thursday night I went out shopping for the weekend. I picked up some nice pants and a shirt for me to wear out after the game. Then I hit a woman's store and picked up a short skirt, a silky blouse that was about a size smaller than I imagined Jean wore and ever so slightly shear that would telegraph her wonderful breasts in the right light. A trip to a lingerie store for a matching pair of fire engine red panties and a push up bra (again a size smaller than I figured she was) and I had the slutty outfit I wanted her wear out to set the right tone for the night of debauchery I had planned for her.
Saturday morning I flew out for the short flight to Pittsburg. I managed to doze off a bit as visions of sex with Jean danced in my head. We landed and a short while later I was in the terminal picking up my luggage. Just as I got my bag I saw Jean come thru the revolving doors. She was dressed for the game already in her Mets home jersey and a pair of Khaki shorts. Her grey hair was pulled back in a short ponytail. She opened her arms and welcomed me with a kiss and pushed her breasts into my chest.
"I'm glad you came! It's a beautiful day out, great day for Baseball among other things." Jean said with a wink.
"I've been looking forward to it! Both the game and the other things." I chuckled.
We hopped into a taxi and headed off to the hotel to drop my luggage and get my game clothes on. She told me not to bother checking in; she already took care of cancelling my room so we would be together in her suite. She said she had to keep things above board so Gretchen wouldn't get the wrong idea. Once in the room she advanced on me, taking me in her arms for a much friendlier kiss than the one at the airport. Her hand roamed down to rub my cock thru my pants. "I'm so hot for you Mike; I've been thinking of fucking you since I woke up this morning."
"I'm hot for you too Jean, but I have big plans for you tonight. Let's hold off until then. I promise you it will be worth it." I pulled back and looked into her lusty eyes for acceptance. I saw it there, albeit a reluctant acceptance.
"You better make it worth it or you'll be on the first plane back to New York!" She chided me playfully.
We continued some more kissing and a bit of petting before we had to get ready for the ball game. I put on my own Mets away jersey and cap and we were off to the game. We arrived early enough to catch batting practice and explore the park before the first pitch. We grabbed a couple of the local beers that were sold in the concessions and took our seats. They were along the 3rd base line about 10 rows up from the field. Jean told me she got them from her client who had season tickets.
The sun beat down on us as we thoroughly enjoyed watching the Mets beat up on the home town Pirates. We continued to down cold beers and I was surprised to see her keep up with me. We easily put down 6 each by the time the game ended with the Mets on top 7-2. Afterwards we hit a local pub for some burgers and a few more beers. By the time we made it back to the hotel we were both pretty tipsy and somewhat tired from being in the sun all day.
When we got into the room Jean began to get frisky again, and I had to use all my self control not to give in and let her have her way with me. We playfully stroked and kissed each other on the bed but eventually the alcohol and sun caught up to us and we were both drifted off to sleep for a much needed nap.
I awoke with a start an hour later a bit groggy and not sure where I was. I turned and saw Jean resting next to me and my fog cleared and I remembered where I was. I lay back in bed and recalled the day at the ballpark. We had a lot of fun and I think Jean and I were becoming close spiritually in addition to sexually. But the lecher that I am I started to think about the night ahead and I started to get aroused. I mentally shook the images out of my head and ambled off to the shower to wake myself up. I had just put shampoo in my hair when I heard the bathroom door open. A minute later a naked Jean slipped into the shower with me and I felt her breasts against my back. Her hands went to my head and she massaged the shampoo into my hair in a seductive way I didn't think was possible.
She bent my head into the spray to rinse off and began to slowly hump my ass as she continued to massage my head. When my hair was cleansed of soap I turned and took her in my arms and our mouths joined each other in a tender kiss that quickly changed into a tongue fight, each of us trying to suck the others tongue into the others mouth. I reached for the soap and began to rub it all over her body. We each spent a generous amount of time soaping up each other's asses, and slippery hands spent ample time on my cock and her tits. Tempting as it was to take things further I kept with my charge and we rinsed and toweled off to get ready for the night ahead.
I told Jean I had picked out an outfit for her to wear for the evening and she raised an eyebrow and said "Really Mr. Dupree? I didn't think you woodworkers had that in you."
We laughed and I went to my bag and extracted the items I had bought and had wrapped. I gave her the undergarments first and she oohed and aahhed before seductively putting them on for me. I never knew a reverse strip tease could be so sexy. I reached into my bag again and brought out my own silk boxer shorts and emulated her actions to a T and got a rousing ovation for my efforts. Next I pulled out the shirt and skirt that were packaged together and presented them to her. Again she expressed her pleasure with my selections and made a show of putting them on. I followed her lead and soon was decked out in my new duds, looking very upscale yet relaxed at the same time.
Jean was a vision of sex before my eyes. The skirt was a bit tight and came up to her mid thigh, hugging them and showing off her long sexy legs. The blouse was buttoned up to just above the swell of her large breasts and showed a generous crack of cleavage. The red pushup was doing its job well and the color was evident thru the fabric of the blouse. What really sold it was her very erect nipples were on display and her excitement evident.
We went down to the street and hailed a cab to the restaurant. We put on a show for the cabbie as we French kissed in the back seat like school kids. I pinched and pulled on her nipples and they stood out even more through the sheer fabric. I also made a show of caressing her thighs and running my hand up to the crotch of her red panties. She spread her legs wider and gave the driver a view up her skirt in the rear view mirror. By the time we got to the restaurant Jean looked like a bitch in heat and I like the sly fox ready to mount her.
We strode into the bar area after checking in with the maitre d and many pairs of eyes were on Jean, some leering on the part of the men and some disapproving looks from the women. One woman actually looked Jean up and down and licked her lips. Jean ate all the attention up and I think her already protruding nipples got even harder if that was at all possible. We found 2 open seats at the bar and ordered drinks from the bartender who had a hard time keeping his eyes off of Jean's deep cleavage. She whispered in my ear. "People are looking at me like I'm some kind of slut." After a brief pause she added "It's getting me hot!"
Our drinks came, wine for Jean, scotch for me, and we clinked our glasses and toasted the Mets. I took a long pull and felt the heat from the scotch radiate within. I leaned in to whisper in Jean's ear and put my hand on her thigh. "I want you to go to the ladies room and take off your panties and bring them to me."
Jean looked at me with a combination of surprise and excitement. "And go another button down on the blouse." I added as she jumped off the bar stool and headed off towards the ladies room. 5 minutes later Jean returned to the bar. I thought her tits were going to pop out of her blouse with the next button undone as she bent slightly to hand me her panties. She made a show of opening up her thighs as she mounted the bar stool and the patrons in the booths across from the bar got quite a view of her now naked pussy before she turned back towards the bar and me.
I took her bright red panties and stuck them in my back pocket with about 2" hanging out for all to see. I leaned in to whisper in her ear "I could fuck you right here and now you look so god damned hot". I put my hand on her knee and slowly rubbed it back and forth. I was inching my way towards her skirt when the Maitre D came to tell us that our table was ready. Jean turned around on the stool and I took her hand as she slid off and her skirt slid up her thighs giving the man a quick beaver shot that left him stammering as he led us to our table.
We were fortunate to get a booth table all the way in the back of the restaurant. It was one of those places with dark mahogany wood and solid color paints that gave it a feeling of intimacy. There were only 2 tables that had a viewing vantage of our table and the couples at those tables were thoroughly engaged in their own conversations to notice us as we took our seats, me facing the restaurant and Jean facing me. Jean leaned forward and rested her great tits on the table top and took my hands in hers.
"I'm having a great time Mike, but I can't wait to get out of here and start fucking."
Just then the waiter appeared. He must have been briefed by the Maitre D about Jean's little show so he was prepared and acted professionally when he asked for our drink order and gave us our menus. Not once did his eyes wander to her bountiful cleavage, which was no small effort for any man I can say from experience. Jean ordered another glass of wine and I got a seltzer water (I had enough booze for one day and wanted to keep up my stamina, I was going to need it). When the waiter had disappeared I slid my hand across the table and began playing with Jean's left nipple thru her blouse. I kept an eye on the couples nearest us but they had no interest in us, not that I would have cared either way.
"I want to get that waiter to notice you when he comes back, the nerve of him not checking out your beautiful tits."
I slid my hand inside her blouse and squeezed her tit, feeling the hard nub of her nipple in my palm.
"I want to taste you, stick your finger in your wet pussy and feed me your juice."
I gazed into her lusty eyes. Jean moaned slightly as she slid her hand under the table and followed my instructions. She finger fucked herself for a few seconds before bringing her moist fingers up for me to lick. I had just finished cleaning her juices off when the waiter returned with our drinks. I think he could smell Jean's sex and this time he tried to steal glances at her hard nipples poking through her blouse. I upped the ante by "accidentally" knocking my fork off the table. The waiter bent to pick it up and Jean taking my cue spread her legs wide and gave him a close up view of her hot cunt. When he stood back up we could see that he was starting to get wood and rushed to take our order and go before he got in trouble.
Jean and I continued our sex play while we waited for our orders to come. She would finger herself and I would suck her dry. She occasionally would bring her foot up to rub my boner thru my pants. I played with her tits whenever the opportunity presented itself (which was often surprisingly enough). By the time the food came we were practically ready to fuck on the table. In fact if we weren't so ravenous for food I think we would have left long ago. So after another tease with the waiter we tucked into our meals and ate like hungry animals as we both knew that desert that night was what we really wanted to get to.
I paid the bill, under protest from Jean of course, and we headed for the exit. We were all over each other in the cab back to the hotel and I thought the cabbie was going to crash his taxi because his eyes were open wide and in the rearview mirror every time I looked up at him. But we made it back in one piece and I threw some money to the cabbie while we put our clothing back in somewhat presentable shape before rushing into the hotel lobby towards the elevators.
I pushed the call button and we waited impatiently for the elevator to arrive. When it finally arrived we got on and I pushed the door closed button. Just then another couple came and the guy stuck his foot out to stop the doors from closing. The couple got on and smiled at us and thanked us for holding the car for them. I wasn't that happy because I was planning on starting to fuck Jean in the elevator on the way up but what could I do. We were on the 20th floor and the couple pushed for the 19th floor so my plan was pretty much shot.
The cab was kind of small so I backed into the corner and Jean was just to my left slightly in front of me. The couple was an attractive elderly gentleman and slightly younger woman and they started up some elevator small talk with Jean (must have been the grey hair I thought). While they chatted enthusiastically about the weather etcetera I slid my left hand under Jean's skirt and between her legs. I deliberately slid a finger into her pussy and started to slowly fuck her with it. Her voice faltered slightly while she tried to keep up her end of the conversation with the elderly couple, but she managed to keep them from knowing what I was doing.
Soon enough the elevator arrived at the 19th floor and the couple wished us a good night and exited the cab. As soon as the doors closed Jean wheeled on me.
"You fucking bastard!"
She pushed me against the wall and threw her arms around me and kissed me hard on the mouth. She just started grinding her crotch into my hardness when the indicator dinged and the doors opened onto our floor. Not wanting to waste another minute I grabbed Jean by the hand and we practically ran out of the cab and down the hall to our room. Jean fumbled thru her purse for the key card and finally got it out and put it in the slot. The light turned green and we pushed the door open and entered the room.
The door closed and Jean was on me like a lioness on her prey. She threw me up against the wall in the entry foyer and began kissing me so hard I thought she would draw blood. Simultaneously my hands were on her tits as hers grabbed my cock thru my pants. I grabbed the insides of her blouse and pulled outward, buttons popping every which way. I pulled the blouse down and off her then grabbed her pushup bra and pulled it down so her huge tits spilled out into my hands. I grabbed her breasts roughly and squeezed while we continued to kiss hungrily. By this point my pants were undone and Jean had my hard cock in one hand while the other pushed my pants and underwear down my legs. I kicked off my shoes and my pants when they got down to my ankles. I broke our kiss long enough to say "bed!" in as demanding a manner as I could muster and pushed Jean in the direction of the king sized bed.
I quickly removed my shirt as Jean dove backwards on the bed. She hiked her skirt up and spread her legs wide. I jumped on the bed and pushed my head down between her legs and my mouth slammed into her pussy with an audible smack. I began feasting on her hot wet pussy, not with any finesse, just plain hunger. My mouth and tongue were everywhere, on her lips, between them, on her clit, over it. She was moaning her pleasure and her much needed release was fast approaching. I took her clit between my teeth and pulled slightly outward. I let it spring back and attacked it with my tongue. Round and round, back and forth. Licking it, lashing it.
I pulled my head back and looked up at Jean, gyrating on the bed. "Your cunt tastes so fucking good!" I exclaimed. My words were quickly muffled because she just grabbed my head and pushed it back into her juicy gash.
"Fuck, Fuck, Fuuuuuuuckkkkk, Eat me, Eat me, Ohhh, Ohhhhhhh!!"
Jean yelled out as her first orgasmic wave of the evening crashed on shore. I obliged and continued my frantic licking and sucking of her spasming cunt while she pushed it into my mouth and pushed harder on my head, almost trying to impale herself on my head. She continued to cry out as her orgasm continued in waves as the pent up lust from the day poured out. I stuck my tongue out and fucked her open pussy as fast as I could. I did this for about half a minute and then took her hard clit back in my mouth again and sucked hard. Jean came again, hard, and almost bucked me off the bed. I never had a lover get this fucking hot before and it drove me wild with lust.
As Jean started to come down I pulled her skirt completely off and I crawled up her body and shoved my rock hard 8 inches deep into her pussy, my balls slapping against her ass.
"Ooof, oh yeah baby Fuck me with your big dick, give it to me, fuck me hard!"
I didn't need any further incentive and did just as she asked. I pulled almost all the way out and shoved it right back in. Over and over again I assaulted her hot fuck tunnel with my fuck stick. The bed rocked and the room filled with the sounds of hot fucking. Jean oohed and aahed and I moaned and groaned as I pounded her relentlessly. Her tits were bouncing all over the place as she took my cock over and over again.
The buildup of lust from the day and evening came up to the boiling point.
"Fuck I'm going to cum!"
"Yeah baby, give it to me! Cum in my fucking cunt!"
My balls constricted and I roared as my load shot out of my cock and filled Jean's hot pussy. One shot, two, three shots ejaculated from my dick as I shook from the exertion and joyous feelings of climax. Finally after the 10th shot spilled out into her overfull fuck hole my cock stopped convulsing. I collapsed on top of her, both of us out of breath.
Once we regained our senses I pulled my deflating prick from her pussy and rolled off her and onto my back. She propped herself up on her elbow and began playing with my nipple.
"Well Mr. Dupree, I've been fucked plenty of times in my life but I have to say that was probably the hardest I've ever been fucked. You were just pounding me."
"You didn't seem to mind it much from the way you were moaning."
"Oh I didn't mind it at all; in fact I loved every bit of it. You can fuck me like that anytime baby."
She bent down and took my now hard nipple in her mouth. I gasped when she bit it playfully.
"So I guess you won't be sending me back to New York tonight." I chided her.
"I'm not done with you yet you stud!"
She laughed and pushed her lips against mine.
Soon enough we were doing the tongue tango. We kissed languidly for about a minute till she broke it off and climbed on top of me. She unhooked her bra and tossed it aside. She took her big tits in her hands and brought them down to my face.
"Suck on these big boy."
I turned my head to the tit on my left and sucked a hard nipple into my mouth. Jean groaned and pushed her tit harder against my mouth. I bit down on her nub just like she had just done to me and she groaned even louder. I put it between my teeth and pulled out till it popped back and then turned to the tit on my right and ran my tongue all around the areola. I finally zeroed in on her hard nub and sucked it hard, lashing it with my tongue. I started to move back and forth from tit to tit, sucking, biting and licking.
"Hmmm, you have a great tongue Dupree. You know how to use it well."
Suddenly she pulled her tits back from my watering mouth and moved up to sit on my face.
"I want that talented tongue in my pussy again."
She straddled my head with her cunt hovering over my mouth.
I raised my head up and ran my tongue from the bottom of her slit to the top, then back again. I took one of her labia lips between my own lips and sucked it into my mouth, moved to the other one and did the same. My lust temporarily sated I was taking my time pleasuring this older woman. Back and forth I varied between licking her and sucking on her big pussy lips. Finally I reached up and opened up her flower and stuck my tongue inside. I instantly tasted cum from the load I deposited in her mixed with her juices. It was a heady cocktail and I moaned my pleasure from drinking it. Jean hearing my reaction pushed her cunt down onto my face driving my tongue deep into her soppy wet hole. I began licking her insides faster and harder getting all the spunk I could reach.
All of a sudden Jean pulled her pussy off my face, swiveled around and pushed her clit into my mouth while she simultaneously inhaled my re-awakened cock deep into her throat. I took her big hard clit between my teeth and began tonguing it back and forth. She groaned and began sucking harder on my pole. I released her clit from my teeth and placed my lips around it and started sucking on it hard. This only made her suck my cock even harder. It almost felt like I was sucking my own cock as we fell into a rhythmic vacuuming of each other's most sensitive sex organs.
I sensed Jean was getting close to orgasm again as she was humping my face more as she started deep throating my throbbing member over and over again. She picked up speed and was slamming my cock down her throat repeatedly as she ground her clit into my mouth. For my part I did my best to keep her little hard cock in my mouth and sucked and licked with wild abandon.
Jean's body went rigid and I could feel her climax crash over her. She took her mouth off my cock for a few seconds as she screamed. Right at that moment I also went rigid and a blast of cum shot out of my dick and all over her face. She immediately took it back into her mouth and sucked voraciously on it as cum flowed out. Both our orgasmic cries were muffled as we had each other's sex in our mouths and tried to keep up with the flow of juices. I literally felt like I was cumming in my own mouth as her juice filled my mouth and with it the last remnants of my earlier spend.
We eventually went slack as the last ripples of climax waved over our bodies. Somewhat relaxed we continued to slowly lick and suck on each other's sex. She lovingly bathed my receding prick with her tongue and ran her lips along its length, cleaning off any cum that didn't make its way down her throat. I also lightly licked and kissed her soft wet pussy as she cooed. Eventually we both were just too sensitive to take any more and we disengaged from each other and lay back on the bed and cuddled together.
"Well Merryweather, I've had my cock sucked plenty of times in my life but I have to say that was probably the hardest I've ever been sucked. You were just engulfing me."
I said mimicking her previous comment.
She laughed. "You didn't seem to mind it much from the way you were moaning, and from the delicious load of cum you shot down my throat I'd say you rather enjoyed yourself."
"Oh I didn't mind it at all; in fact I loved every bit of it. You can suck me like that anytime baby."
We both laughed and returned to snuggling. I wasn't yet ready for another round so I suggested we order up something from room service. We perused the menu and decided on a bottle of champagne and a fruit platter. During the 30 minutes or so it took for the tray to arrive we spent the time talking and getting to know each other better. I told her more about my marriage and what was good and what went wrong. She told me she was engaged back when she was in her 30's but her fiancé started having problems with her work hours and "some other things" that she didn't offer up any further explanation.
I was in the bathroom taking a much needed piss when the knock on the door came to signal the arrival of our order. The bathroom door was ajar and I saw Jean pick up my shirt off the floor and put it on. She did up a couple buttons as she headed to answer the door.
"Bring it right in." I heard her say to the room service person.
I turned out the bathroom light and saw Jean saunter back into the room, the shirt barely covering her ass and a young man pushing the tray behind her with his tongue hanging out. The room reeked of sex, clothes were scattered all about the room and the sheets were in disarray so there was no way the man didn't know what had gone on here.
"Here let me get you your tip." Jean said to the guy and she turned towards the desk.
She leaned over and pulled out the bottom drawer. My shirt ran up the back of her ass and both I and the room service guy got a full view of her naked pussy, damp with juice. I saw the guy's eyes bug out of his head in the mirror on the wall. Jean took her sweet time rummaging thru her purse in the drawer and after a solid minute came up with a wad of bills in her hand. She finally stood back up straight and when she turned to the man her nipples were standing proudly against the shirt and her cleavage was on wide display.
"Here you go, thank you very much."
She placed the money in his hand as he just stood there with his mouth hanging open.
"Have a good night."
She walked the guy to the door. I could see the bulge in his pants as he passed the open bathroom door. Thoughts of a threesome passed thru my mind but I quickly dismissed them, I wanted Jean all to myself. Poor guy, I'm sure he was going to go jack off somewhere and tell his co-workers about this hot grey haired broad up in suite 2010.
I flushed and re-joined Jean. She popped the cork on the champagne and poured 2 glasses.
"You are one naughty lady, Merryweather. I thought that kid was going to cum in his pants."
"I should be spanked I'm so bad."
She took a long sip of sparkling wine and winked at me.
I sat down in the arm chair, put my glass on the side table and said with mock force
"Yes you do need a spanking, you've been misbehaving all day. Get your ass over here and take your punishment!"
Jean put her glass down next to mine and positioned herself at the edge of the chair and leaned over me, her breasts pressing against my one leg, my cock in her stomach area and her ass up in the air at perfect spanking height.
"I've been so bad Mike; you need to show me what happens when I get like that. Do it, give me the spanking I so deserve."
I pulled my shirt that she was still wearing up her back and exposed her gorgeous ass to me. I rubbed my hand around her smooth round ass cheeks before bringing it back and swatting it back down with a smack. I did the same to her other cheek and could see a slight imprint of my hand on each.
"You can do better than that, I mean I was really bad."
She turned her head back to look up at me. This was new territory for me as I have never spanked anybody in my life. But it seems she really wanted it to hurt so I pushed thru my reluctance and decided to get into it.
I pulled my hand back further and really let loose, smacking her ass cheek hard. "Ohhh!" she exclaimed and I repeated the action again, striking the same spot. I gave her one cheek another 3 hard slaps before moving to the other and copying the process. I rubbed her ass with my palm feeling the heat radiate back. I was getting hard from this new erotic exercise and my cock pushed into Jean's stomach.
I really started to get into the dominant role. I began raining down hard blows on her now red hot ass.
"You were such a naughty slut today. Showing your cunt to all those men. I bet you wanted them all to fuck you, make you suck their hard cocks. What a fucking slut you are Jean!"
I continued slapping her ass, one cheek then the other.
"I am such a fucking slut. I did want all those cocks. That's all I've thought of all day is cock!"
She was getting into her role.
I ran my hand down to her snatch, she was flowing juice again, the spanking obviously turning her on. I roughly pushed 2 fingers into her pussy and started fucking her with them.
"I think a nasty slut like you needs a good ass fucking. You want my cock in your ass don't you Jean?"
I fucked her harder with my fingers.
"Oh yeah baby, I want you in my ass. That is so dirty; I deserve to have my asshole pounded by your big strong cock. Make me your ass slut!"
I pulled my fingers out of her cunt and helped her to her feet. We embraced and passionately kissed, almost as urgent as when we first entered the room. My hands ran down and grabbed her ass cheeks, which were red hot from the spanking. After a few moments we disengaged. I undid the 2 buttons on my shirt she was wearing and she shrugged it off. I remember seeing some baby oil in the bathroom when I was taking a leak. I told her to get up on the chair with her ass in the air while I went to get the lubrication.
I came back and she was on her knees on the chair, her chest pressed against its back, her ass pushed back in the air. It was really red.
"I guess I really gave you a good spanking, your ass looks like it's on fire."
"It is, I was torn between pain and pleasure you spanked me so soundly. I think you know what side won out."
I reached out and caressed her globes with both hands. I noticed the champagne still on the side table and got an idea on how to cool her off a little, while making her hotter inside. I picked up the glass and brought it to the crack of her ass and poured a little of the wine into it. I quickly followed the liquid with my tongue and began licking it off her. She purred her agreement with my idea. She reached back and pulled her cheeks wide apart and thrust her ass a bit higher. I got the message loud and clear and poured the rest of the glass onto her asshole where it puddled slightly. I slurped up the small pool of wine from her hole and then stuck my tongue in deeper into her crinkled rose bud. She groaned her pleasure and I went to work slowly fucking her ass with my tongue. After a few seconds of this I pulled out and licked all around her little hole, cleaning up all the liquid.
I rimmed her ass for a couple of minutes and my tongue began to tire. I had a raging hard on by that point as all these new erotic experiences had me hornier than I ever remember being. I stood up and told her to turn around; I wanted to see her face when I fucked her. She repositioned herself on the chair, edging her ass towards the front edge and putting her legs astride the arms of the chair. She was wide open for me. I knelt down and took the bottle of lotion and squirted a liberal amount on her rosebud. I pushed a finger in and she groaned. I slowly fucked her ass with my finger for a few seconds and then added a second finger opening her hole up wider.
"Oh yeah, that feels good." Jean said in a horse whisper. "Put it in baby, I want it."
I stood up and squirted a generous amount of lotion on my stiff member and moved into position for my first ever ass fuck. I put the head at her entrance and pushed till her hole opened and my cock began to slide in. This was much different than going into her pussy, which yielded easily. Here I was met with some resistance. As much as I wanted to just shove my cock right up her ass I instinctively knew that nice and slow was the way to go. She would open up to me as she got more comfortable taking my cock.
I pulled my cock back slightly and then eased forward again. This time a few inches slid in easier before I felt the same resistance. I pulled back again till just my cockhead was inside her asshole. I again pushed forward slowly and felt the resistance give way. All of a sudden I was able to slowly slide my full 8 inches into Jean's tight ass. We both groaned in unison and I held my cock still deep in her ass letting us both get used to the tightness.
"Do it baby, It's OK, fuck my ass, I'm ready for you!"
I slowly pulled my cock half way out and then pushed it back in all the way. I pulled back again till about 2 inches of my steely rod were inside her and slowly pushed back in again. The next time I withdrew I pulled all the way back till just my head was left in her hole. I then pushed all the way in with a bit more speed.
"Yesssss!" Jean hissed.
I rolled my hips in a circular motion opening up her bung a bit more before pulling all the way back to my head once again and plunging in with some force. I began to pick up the pace and started fucking her ass with more intensity. The feeling of her tight hole around my dick was incredible, and when she clamped down on it when it was all the way in it felt like my cock was in a velvet vise. I knew I was going to get hooked on anal sex very easily.
I got into a nice rhythm driving my cock balls deep with each stroke. Jean had her legs spread incredibly wide and her right hand was between her legs rubbing away at her large engorged clit. She had her eyes closed up tight and mouth open and spewing out "ohhs!" & "ahhs!" as I steadily fucked her tight ass. Having already cum twice, it was a good 10 minutes before I felt the impending climax come on. I lifted her legs up and put them on my shoulder and leaned forward. She was squished in half on the chair but didn't seem to mind as she had a second hand now fingering her cunt and the other beating her clit. In this position I began thrusting fast and furious as my orgasm surged thru my body.
"I'm cumming, ohhhh, ahhhh, FUUUUUCCCKKKK!!!"
I exclaimed as my load just sort of poured out of my cock and deep into her ass. There were no jet pulses this time, just a steady flow of semen leaving my dick. My legs shook and my ass clenched as my cock was buried deep inside her tight ass. She continued her own assault on her pussy and about 15 seconds after my last dribble of cum, she also came in similar fashion, yelling "YES, YES, YES ahhhhhhh!!"
It took me a minute to regain control of my senses and my legs. I let Jean's legs down to the floor and stumbled back till I hit the bed and sat down heavily. She straightened up in the chair, her legs still splayed out so I could see her well fucked asshole as it closed back up to normal. She had a dazed look on her face that probably matched my own.
After a couple minutes of rest she got up and joined me on the bed. We kissed tenderly as we fell back on the bed; both of us exhausted from the evenings exploits.
"Well Mr. Dupree I guess I have no choice but to send you back on the next flight to New York."
As I opened my mouth to protest, she brought her finger to my lips to hush me up.
"That's because the next flight isn't till tomorrow and I'll be on it with you silly! I'm glad you made me wait till tonight, it was well worth the wait." she said with a big smile.
"I'm glad you cancelled our regular office meeting and put this trip together. I enjoyed your company as well as the evening." I said.
We crawled up towards the head of the bed and pulled the scattered sheets over us and snuggled in together. As we drifted off to sleep I again had the thought that women, and in particular Jean, do get better with age.