My wife Krista and I live in a small suburb outside San Francisco, mostly made up of young tech professionals like us who can't afford to live in the city. This story happened several months ago, about a few years after our marriage.
Krista is the kind of girl who likes being active in her community, and as soon as we moved she joined the social board of our town association. It was mostly event planning, with a couple of fundraisers, but it kept her in touch with things and active while she looked for a job. She quickly became the social board chair, thanks to her energy and cheerful spirit, although it didn't hurt that she was a knockout of the "girl next door" type that people usually fall all over to impress.
The biggest event the town hosted was the New Years Eve party, which had grown into the region's biggest event over the past couple of decades. It was held at the Event Center and featured an open bar and its own dropping ball, and was packed with almost a thousand people.
For the past few years, the New Years Eve party was hosted by two guys who had grown up in the town, Peter and Bill. Peter was a handsome, tall guy who would dress as Father Time, wearing robes and a long white beard. Bill was a big fat guy who was the town clown, he would dress as the New Year Baby, wearing just a cloth diaper and a sash that said "Happy New Year." Together at 11:59 they would come on stage and lead the crowd counting down to the new year.
One evening in September, I got out of work early and came to pick Krista up at her social board meeting. As I walked in, they were on the topic of the NYE party. Krista was at the head of the table, leading the meeting. I recognized a couple of them from parties: Peter, Doug, Benny, Jill (a cute pixie looking girl whose bossiness made her even cuter).
"One last thing," Krista said. "Unfortunately, Bill is moving to Los Angeles next month to be a big movie star, so he won't be hosting the party with Peter."
There were groans. "But it's tradition!" someone said. "Peter, tell him to come back for the party!"
Peter shrugged. "I tried, but he doesn't think he'll have the money. I don't think we should count on him."
"It sucks," Krista said. "But if anyone has ideas or wants to volunteer to host with Peter, talk to him."
Jill suddenly piped up. "Krista, YOU should do it!"
People laughed and whistled. "Yeah, Krista should host!"
Krista grinned, a little proudly. "Well...I guess I can, if there's not a better idea."
Everyone reacted with surprise and enthusiasm. "I think that would make it the best New Years Eve ever!" Peter said, grinning.
The meeting wrapped up shortly afterward, and Krista joined me in the parking lot. As we drove home, I decided to tease her. "Wow, everyone got excited about the idea of you hosting," I said.
"Oh, they're just being polite," she said. "Although it's nice they think I could be a good host."
"Well, I think they're just excited about you wearing just a sash..." I said.
Krista suddenly blushed. "OH!" she said. "NOW I get it. Oh my god, is that what they meant?"
I laughed. Krista could be a little innocent sometimes. "Well, there's no backing out now, you gave your word."
"Har har," she said. "Obviously they don't actually expect that."
"What do you think they expect a baby to wear?"
"I'll just wear the sash over my dress."
"That doesn't sound like what a baby would wear," I said.
"What are YOU pushing this for?" Krista turned to me. "You want the whole town to see my boobs?"
I didn't, really, but I liked teasing her, so I kept going.
"Well, it wouldn't be the first time you got topless in public." A few months ago I had convinced Krista to take her top off sunbathing during a trip to the Caribbean.
"That's totally different," she said. "Being one of fifty topless girls on a foreign beach is totally different from being the only topless girl in front of everyone we know."
"Yeah, you'll get more attention this way."
"Wow, I didn't know THIS side of you!" she said. "You sound excited about me showing everyone my boobs! Is that what you want?"
She started pulling off her shirt. "Does this turn you on, you pervert?" she said, in mock anger, as she revealed her white lace bra.
We were pulling into our driveway, which was fairly private, but I kept up the joke. "Be careful! People are going to see!"
"Oh, you'd love that, wouldn't you?" she said. "This is what you dream about!" And with that, she yanked off her bra, and out popped her beautiful C-cup breasts. Before I could react, she jumped out of the car and ran into the house, her naked tits bouncing freely as she ran down the driveway. I chased her inside and we had incredible sex.
-----
The next social board meeting was a couple of weeks later. I happened to leave work early again and again arrived to pick up Krista while they were still in the meeting. I sat down in the back of the room and listened.
"So if it's all right with everyone, I'll host it with Peter," Krista was saying. "And just so we're clear, I'll be wearing something under the sash."
There were scattered boos, which confirmed my initial suspicion.
"That's not the way Bill would have done it," Peter joked.
"But what about the tradition!" Doug shouted.
"It's tradition to have a fat guy doing it, Doug," Krista retorted.
"Sometimes traditions change," Doug said right back. Everyone, including Krista, laughed.
"Let's compromise," Peter said. "We'll both just wear a sash." Again more laughter.
"Jill, back me up here," Krista pleaded.
"Don't look at me," Jill said. "I want to see your boobs as much as the guys do."
The whole meeting broke down into giggles and innuendo after that.
On the way home, Krista seemed lost in thought.
"You thinking about your baby costume?" I asked.
She smiled. "No. Everyone's just having fun."
Then, after a pause, she added, "...but I guess it's flattering."
-----
I missed the next couple meetings, but when I arrived to pick Krista up for a November meeting it was much more subdued. Apparently tickets for the NYE party were not selling great. Usually tickets sold out within days, but this time they were still only half sold. At that rate, with the cost of the open bar, the party would lose money for the first time ever.
Some people suggested that the economy was making people more frugal, others suggested that people were just holding out longer this year. Regardless, everyone seemed a little depressed.
People batted around ideas for a while on how to increase ticket sales. Raffling off prizes or offering free food was suggested but none of them stuck.
Finally, after a moment of silence, Krista jokingly said. "Maybe I SHOULD wear the baby costume."
Everyone laughed.
"Well, since YOU brought it up..." Peter said. "We COULD make it a selling point."
"Come on," Krista said.
"Wait, that's a good idea," Jill said, taking the ball and running with it. "I mean, we put out flyers and say that the party features Peter as Father Time and a picture of you that says you're the new Baby. So people get the hint."
There was a general murmur of agreement.
"Yeah, but I can't actually just wear the sash!" Krista said. "I mean, that's gotta be illegal."
"No," Benny said. "It's a private party, there's no public decency requirement for that."
Peter sensed that Krista was feeling a little trapped, and quickly said. "Hold on. Just to be clear, Krista, you can wear whatever you want. I'm just talking about the flyers getting people in. Once they're in, they'll forget about everything and have fun."
There was a pause while Krista considered that. Finally, she said, "Okay, let's try that. Whatever gets the ticket sales back up."
----
Word spread quickly. Peter actually did the flyer himself and posted it everywhere. Within a week, Krista was getting stopped on the street by people excited for the party. Some of them would explicitly ask about her costume, but Krista just shrugged and said, "We'll see what happens..."
One night, as we were getting ready for bed, I noticed Krista staring at herself in the mirror. She was topless and just wearing a pair of panties. She turned to her profile and back, checking herself out in the mirror.
I stopped to admire her slim figure. She has a flat tummy and her breasts are perfect -- just big enough to still be perky, and capped with puffy pink nipples that beg to be sucked on.
She saw me looking and suddenly said: "What if I DID just wear the costume?"
"Are you really thinking about it?" I said.
"I don't know. Maybe. I don't want to, but I'll just die if the party is a failure. Would you be mad?"
For the first time, I thought about it. We spent a lot of time with our neighbors at bars and restaurants, and I worked with a lot of them at my company. Would I really want all of them to see my wife topless?
After a pause, I tried to talk out my thoughts. "Well, I think you have a great body and I love showing you off. This isn't much different from that, in a way..."
"But it IS different," she said. "It's not just a sexy dress or a bikini. I'd be topless. Everyone we know will see my boobs. All your guy friends, people you work with. People *I* work with! You won't be jealous?"
I thought about it some more. "I guess I'm more excited at the idea that they would be jealous of me," I admitted. "But how do you feel about everyone seeing you naked? You seem excited, too."
"I don't know," she said again. "I guess I am a little. All the attention is fun. And I wouldn't be naked, it would just be my boobs. Who cares about boobs?"
I walked up to her and starting kissing her naked tits.
"They will when they see THESE," I murmured.
She grabbed my head and moaned. Again, we had great sex. If thinking about doing it was getting her this excited, I was looking forward to what would happen if she went through with it.
----
The December meeting was much more happy. Tickets had sold out and the waitlist was the longest it had ever been, and the town was buzzing with excitement for it. It was absolutely no secret that the ticket sales were boosted by the hope that Krista would be topless. People even came up to me, her own husband, to talk about it.
Some of the guys were a little shy about asking, just trying to get me to confirm it without asking directly. Other guys, like my coworker Brian, just bluntly said, "Hey man, I hear Krista's gonna be topless, is that true?"
"You'll have to come see," I said, doing my part to drum up suspense.
"God, I hope she does. No offense, but she's super hot."
I didn't realize Krista was so attractive that people felt comfortable just telling me in public. I felt mixed feelings of pride and jealousy.
-----
We spent Christmas in the midwest with my family, and when we got back home the week before the party, Krista went into full preparation mode. Every night she stayed out late overseeing the vendors or buying the alcohol and whatever event planning requires.
One night she came home a little buzzed. Peter had dropped her off and I asked how the night had gone.
"We spent some time sampling the cocktails for the open bar," she said with a little hiccup.
"Seems like you sampled a lot," I said.
"We did!" She laughed as she headed to the bedroom. "And we did a rehearsal for the ball drop."
This was news to me. "Oh, really?" I said, following her. "Not a dress rehearsal, I hope."
She smiled. "No. But we did talk about it..." she said, while she rooted around in a bottom drawer.
"What did you talk about?"
"I really can't see myself going through with just the sash, so we talked about other options. Like maybe a bikini instead?" She said, as she pulled out one of her bikinis.
"What did Peter think about that?"
"He'd prefer me topless, obviously, he's a horn dog," she said, as she pulled her shirt off and unclasped her bra. "He's cute enough to get away with it, though." She slid down her skirt and panties, exposing her light trimmed bush. Now naked in front of me, she started putting on the bikini, her tits bouncing softly while she finagled with the top.
"So I told him I'd show him it's a good compromise," she said as she finished putting it on. It was a bright red bikini that fit her perfectly, showing off major cleavage and accentuating her taut body.
She handed me her phone. "Can you take a pic?"
"Hold on," I said. "You want me to take a bikini picture of you to send to Peter?" I said.
"He insisted, so he could see what it would look like," she said. "Like I said, total horn dog."
She struck a pose with confidence and I could tell she was too tipsy and certain to argue this further. I sighed and lined up a photo and took it. It looked fantastic, showing off all her great body and her brilliant, fun smile. I wasn't sure I wanted to send this to another guy, but I handed it to Krista anyway.
She liked it and with a few clicks, texted it to Peter.
Over the course of the next half hour, i could see her keep texting on her phone and checking it for new texts, occasionally giggling before texting again. I trusted her too much to ask about it, but I wasn't comfortable with all this sudden flirting.
--------
A couple of nights later Krista came home late again, with Peter dropping her off. She looked visibly more uncomfortable than last time.
"What's the matter?" I asked her, once she had settled into bed.
"It's the bikini," she said. "It's not going to work."
"Why not?" I asked.
"I tried it on tonight with the New Year Baby costume and it looks terrible," she said. "Like really weird and cheap."
"Oh," I said, trying not to sound surprised. "So you had another rehearsal?"
"Yeah, we ran it with all the lights and ball drop, so I brought the bikini. And I wish I hadn't, because now I know how bad it looks."
There was a pause, and she continued.
"So I tried it with just the bikini and the sash, and that didn't work either. It looked like I was in a beauty pageant."
She put her head in her hands and moaned. "What do I do? Everyone's going to come to this thing, and I'm going to come out looking dumb."
I tried to reassure her. "No, baby, people will love it. You look so hot in a bikini and that's all people will notice."
"Yeah..." she mumbled. "All the crew guys were really excited to see me in it, they whistled and clapped a lot. That was nice."
"See?" I said. "That's gonna be the entire party. You'll be the talk of the town. The only people who will be disappointed were the people who thought they were gonna see you topless, like Pete."
"Ha!" she scoffed. "I think he got a good show already."
"...wait, what do you mean?" I asked.
"Oh, well, there's only one dressing room, so we had to change into our costumes together."
"What?" I asked. "You couldn't have taken turns?"
She got a guilty look on her face. "Well, it's kind of my fault. I walked in on him while he was changing, so I saw him in his underwear. And he told me it was only fair that I change with him in the room, too..."
She caught my worried look. "Don't worry, he didn't see me naked, honey. I just got down to my underwear and then told him that we were even, and I made him leave."
I supposed that that was alright. I didn't know why I had been worried, since I had been okay with her being topless in a huge room, but just being topless with a guy she had been flirting with was way different to me. But if he had just seen her in her underwear, I was okay with that.
Or so I thought. Later that night, when we started fooling around, I unbuttoned her shirt and pulled it off. What I saw stopped me — her bra was one of her more sheer ones. I could easily make out her nipples through it, proudly sticking out.
I looked up at her and she could tell what I was thinking. "What?" she said, innocently. "I TOLD you he got a good show."
-----
On New Years Eve, Krista was much more calm. She told me in the morning that she had settled on wearing the bikini and sash. It would look like a beauty pageant but it would have to be enough. I gave her my full support, and to be honest, I was happy for it. Even a year ago she would never have been willing to just wear a bikini in a room of dressed people, but since the other option was going topless she was happy to do it.
Since she was on the committee, Krista left early for the party to make sure everything was set up. She had bought a new dress for the party, which I was hoping to see, but she packed it with her to change at the party, since she needed to wear ratty clothes for the party setup.
I showered and got into a tuxedo and arrived at the party around nine. I wanted to get there earlier, but it was impossible to find parking — it was packed. When I walked into the Event Center, it was the most crowded I've ever seen it. It felt like the whole town and maybe another one was there.
I gave up hope of finding Krista in the crowd and made my way to the bar, getting roped into conversations with friends and acquaintances along the way. Some people hinted at the elephant in the room, I got a couple of "Hey, looking forward to midnight!" comments. I ran into a couple of work colleagues, including Brian, who were pressing me even more for information. "Are we gonna see Krista's tits tonight?" Brian asked. Yeesh!
"Maybe," I said, even though I knew he would be disappointed.
"Well, as long as she stays in that dress, that'll be okay, too," he slurred. That surprised me. I didn't know what he was talking about.
But a few minutes later I understood. I was making my way through the room when the crowd parted and I saw Krista. She was wearing a tight, form-fitting black dress. She saw me and turned to wave, and I saw that her dress had a plunging neckline that showed off an enormous amount of cleavage, almost all the way down to the bottom of her chest.
She ran toward me, her tits jiggling wildly in the dress. "Hiiiii!" she said, and leaned in for a kiss. Her eyes were bright and half-closed, in the way that I could tell she was already pretty drunk.
"Hi!" I said. "You seem like you're having fun."
"Yes!" she slurred. "Trying to get my courage up before midnight!"
"Your dress looks brave enough already," I said, looking down at her cleavage.
She smiled widely. "Do you like it? I've been getting so many compliments! I was a little scared to wear it but then I thought I'll be in a bikini anyway so why be scared?"
I nodded. "I know, a lot of people have been asking about midnight."
"What have they been asking?" she said, looking excited.
I decided to tease her. "They're hoping to see more than just a bikini. Brian was asking me if he's going to get to see you topless."
She squealed, laughing. "He said that to YOU? About your WIFE! What a creep!"
At that moment, Jill and Doug, from the social board, walked up.
"Hey!" Jill said as she gave me a hug and Doug shook my hand. "Thanks for making it!"
"I could barely get in," I shouted over the noise. "Congrats on the turnout!"
"It's the best we've ever had!" Doug said.
"You should thank Krista!" Jill said. "That's why everyone's here!"
Krista blushed. "Oh, hush!" she said.
Jill turned to me. "Will you tell her to quit being a baby? We've been trying to get her to wear the costume all night."
Krista laughed, "I'm doing a bikini, isn't that enough?"
"No!" Jill said. "People are going to be mad. I'M going to be mad."
"Are people really expecting it that much?" I asked.
"It's all people are talking about!" Jill said.
"Frankly, we might have misled them a bit," Doug admitted.
"Not if Krista DOES it," Jill said, looking back at Krista.
"Why don't YOU do it?" Krista asked back.
"If you do it tonight, I swear to God, I'll do it next year," Jill said.
"Whoa!" Doug said.
That got my interest too. I always had a little crush on Jill, and the way she looked tonight was very sexy, with a tight dress that showed off some nice-looking A-cups.
"You should definitely do it then, Krista," I joked.
"Aww!" Jill said, touching my shoulder sweetly.
"Hey!" Krista said, laughing.
"Listen to your husband!" Jill said.
Doug tapped Jill's shoulder. "Oh man, there's Gerald."
Jill looked to where Doug was pointing. "Oh shit, we gotta go talk to him," she said. "We're trying to get him to donate to the spring festival. Krista, let's go!" In a flash, the three of them were gone.
I didn't know quite what to think. Up until now I had been sure that my wife was just going to be in a bikini, so I hadn't really prepared myself that she might be convinced to be topless. I tried to think through my feelings on it, but a friend from my neighborhood caught me and I spent some time talking to them.
Around 11:30 Krista walked back up to me.
"Hey!" she said. I could smell alcohol on her breath, she was visibly drunk.
"Hi," I said. "You feeling ready?"
She nodded. "Baby, everyone wants me to wear the costume..." she said. "Even Gerald said he was looking forward to it. What a creepy old man!"
My heart caught in my chest. "How are you feeling about it?" I asked, trying to show calm.
"I dunno," she said. "I mean...I brought both costumes, so I think I kinda might want to do it, in my head?"
At that moment, Peter and Jill walked up.
"Hey there, baby!" Peter said. "You ready?"
"As I'll ever be!" Krista gulped.
"Did you think about what I said?" Jill said.
"Jill, there's no way you're gonna do it next year," Krista said.
Jill stared down Krista for a minute, so intensely that I wasn't sure if she wasn't going to attack her. But instead Jill suddenly grabbed the front of her dress and yanked it down. Her perky A-cup tits popped out into plain view, bouncing a little before settling proudly on her chest.
Krista squealed in shock. "Oh my God, Jill!"
"Whoa!" Peter said.
Jill pulled her top back up. "I'm serious!" she said. "I'll do it if you do it."
Krista was too busy laughing. "I can't believe I just saw your boobs!"
"Hey, leave her alone!" Peter said to Jill, jokingly. "She'll do what she wants to do." He gave Krista a big side hug. "You got that bikini ready?"
"Yeah, let's go," Krista said. The two of them disappeared into the crowd.
"Think about it!" Jill shouted after them. Then she gave me a wink and walked away to another group of people, leaving me alone.
I spent the next half hour alone, too tense with anticipation to talk to anyone, just counting down the minutes until the new year.
Then, with a couple minutes to go until midnight, the lights dimmed and a spotlight shone onto center stage. A voice on the PA system boomed: "Ladies and gentlemen, here to help count us down to the New Year, are Father Time and Baby New Year!"
The crowd hushed. Everyone stared at the curtain, the tension so thick.
The curtain swooshed back, and out came Peter and Krista. Before I could process what I was seeing, I was already hearing the crowd roar. There was my wife, standing onstage wearing only a cloth diaper and a sash. The sash crossed down her chest, emphasizing her bare breasts, exposed to the entire town, her light pink nipples so erect they looked like they could cut diamonds.
Peter, who was dressed in a lengthy robe and long white beard, grabbed a microphone, but wasn't able to start speaking because of the crowd's cheering and applause. For what felt like forever, the two of them just stood there as Krista soaked in the applause. She was blushing furiously but grinning, occasionally clasping her hands across her naked tits to cover them in embarrassment, then releasing them when she heard boos and putting her head in her hands. Her shyness felt exaggerated; everyone could tell she loved being the center of attention.
Finally, Peter spoke. "Hey everybody! Are you ready to welcome Baby New Year?"
This just started another round of cheering from the crowd, which then turned into loud chants of "Krista! Krista!" that rocked the building. Krista laughed throughout it, waving to the crowd, which caused her tits to bounce around even more.
I had no idea what to think. On the one hand, I was incredibly proud to have an entire crowd ogling my wife and knowing how jealous of me all the men would be. On the other hand, only then did it really hit me that everyone in our town now knew what my wife's tits look like. The store owners, our car mechanic, our neighbors. For the rest of our lives in this town, everyone we meet will be thinking how they saw my wife's naked breasts on stage tonight. As I thought that, I glanced over and saw my coworkers Brian, dumbly staring at Krista with a huge grin on his face. I won't ever hear the end of it, even at work, I realized.
"Baby New Year, do you want to say any words?" Peter asked, and handed the microphone to Krista.
"This is the most embarrassing moment of my life!" Krista squealed into the microphone. This got more applause and cheers. She laughed drunkenly, it was clear she was hammered.
She continued: "Um, before we count down, we just want to thank all the people who made this possible: Gerald Packson, Tina Frennel, the chamber of commerce, our social board members who worked so hard on this, Doug, Beth, Benny, Jill -- and by the way, Jill, you had BETTER do this next year!"
She pointed down to Jill in the audience, which got another round of cheers from the audience.
Krista continued: "Umm, who else? The town association, Brinkley Liquors, um...anyone else we should thank?" she asked Peter.
Peter took the microphone and added: "definitely Krista's boobs."
Once again, the crowd erupted into cheers. Krista squealed and laughed -- almost like she had forgotten she was topless. She grinned at the crowd, then shook her shoulders, bouncing her tits deliciously around her chest, before clapping her arms around them again in modesty.
"Alright, it's time to do it! Here we go!" Peter suddenly said. "Ten! Nine! Eight!"
The crowd began chanting with Peter and Krista, who raised her hands up in the air with her fingers showing the numbers left, which kept her tits exposed to everyone.
We counted down to the end: "Three! Two! One! HAPPY NEW YEAR!" Everyone chanted. Confetti fell from the ceiling and "Auld Land Syne" started playing. Everyone took a moment to kiss their partners, except for me, of course. That allowed me to keep looking at the stage, and I saw Krista give Peter a sloppy kiss on the cheek. A sudden pang of jealousy hit me. I didn't like the idea of Krista being so drunk and naked right next to Peter.
Even worse, Peter reached around and grabbed Krista from the side and hugged her close to him. The two of them started singing the lyrics to Auld Land Syne, although it was clear they weren't very familiar with it. They kept messing up, which would send Krista into a fit of giggles and lean into Peter. At one point I'm almost certain Peter got his hand a little too high and grabbed a handful of Krista's breast from the side.
When the song was over, Peter and Krista shouted "Happy new Year!" Once more and then turned around and walked off stage. The crowd gave a mixed response, cheering for the two of them but also booing that that was the end of Krista's show.
I made my way through the crowd, trying to get backstage, fielding compliments from random people. "You're a lucky dude" some guys said, while others couldn't make eye contact because they were embarrassed that they had spent so long ogling my wife's breasts.
When I finally saw Krista again, it was clear that something happened. Her fun and excited energy was gone, and she just had a very guilty look on her face.
"Hey! Are you alright?" I asked.
"Yeah, I'm fine," she said. "Just a little embarrassed. Let's go home when you're ready."
We hurried out of the center. Some people tried to stop us, but Krista didn't wait for them. I assumed she was just to embarrassed to look at anyone after the show she gave them, but I learned later it was worse than that.
A few weeks later, Krista confessed to me what happened.
After she and Peter left me, they went backstage to the dressing room. There was only one for them to share, so Peter went in first and Krista waited outside for him to change.
As Peter changed, Krista stood outside and tried to figure out whether she would wear the costume or not. She told me later she was still planning on wearing the bikini, until Peter opened the door, dressed in his Father Time outfit.
"You ready?" He asked her.
Krista took a deep breath. "I think so!"
He gave her a huge, charming smile. "I can't wait," he said. "You're gonna look so great in that bikini."
Krista said that something about his smile and flirting suddenly clicked in her mind. Maybe it was lust or she just wanted to surprise him or she was jealous of him seeing Jill flashing everyone, but she desperately wanted him to see her in the costume. "Wait here for me," she said. Without thinking about it, she went into the dressing room, stripped naked, then wrapped the cloth around her bottom and pinned it with a safety pin. She put the sash on, gave herself a look in the mirror, and swung the door open to greet Peter.
Peter's eyes nearly burst out of his head when he saw my nearly-naked wife for the first time. "WOW!" He shouted.
Krista laughed, thrilled that she had gotten that reaction.
"Jesus, Krista," Peter continued. "This is the hottest thing I've ever seen in my life!"
Krista noticed that Peter's robe was already sporting a bulge. "I can see!" She said, all her modesty gone. Peter blushed.
Krista took a deep breath. "Okay," she said. "Let's do this before I change my mind!"
The two ran on stage and did the show. Then afterwards, Krista rushed back to the dressing room, flushed and breathing heavily.
"Oh my God, that was such a rush!" she said to Peter. "So embarrassing, I can't believe you let me do that!"
Peter laughed. "Are you kidding me? This will be all the town ever talks about from now on!" He started pulling off his robe, revealing a nicely sculpted body in a tight shirt and boxer shorts. "You're an instant legen. I'm just glad I got to be this close for it!"
Krista told me that her eyes coldn't help but go down to Peter's groin, which was sporting an impressive hard-on. At that moment, she lost track of what happened, but she told me that Peter must have taken that as a cue or something, and before she knew it the two of them were furiously kissing. Krista was groping and stroking Peter's cock through his underwear while he ripped off her sash and the cloth, leaving her completely naked.
Even in this lust-induced state, Krista knew that she couldn't actually have sex with Peter. So to prevent it, she fell to her knees and yanked his boxers down, releasing his dick. Before he could react, she engulfed it in her mouth and started giving him the best blowjob she could in her drunken state.
Peter started groaning. "Oh Krista, I've wanted this for so long...oh, fuck yeah..." He reached down and groped her naked tits as she sucked him off.
Krista was so turned on by the sheer hedonism of what was happening. She was a married woman who had just exposed her naked body to her entire town and was now blowing a guy who was not her husband. She started rubbing her clit while she pumped her mouth up and down Peter's shaft.
After a few minutes, Peter started groaning louder. "OH fuck I'm about to cum, Krista I'm about to cum..."
Krista clamped down on his cock even harder. In a few seconds she felt his cum shooting into her mouth, and the sensation along with touching herself sent her into her own orgasm. The two of them groaned and screamed together, as the rest of Peter's cum spilled out onto Krista's face.
For a moment, the two of them sat silently, trying to catch their breath.
"Krista, that was the most intense moment of my life..." Peter finally stammered.
"Me, too," Krista said, suddenly aware of how awkward they both were. "Let's get outside, people are waiting."
Quietly, the two of them dressed up, and then slipped out of the room one at a time and rejoined the party. Krista felt so guilty that she just wanted to go home and figure out how she was going to confess to me.
I was upset at this story, of course, but I understood. I was partly to blame, after all, for pushing my wife into exposing herself and encouraging such a sexually charged moment with her and some other guy. And besides, it was just a one-time blowjob.
Still, since that party, it's been very awkward between her and Peter, not to mention all the leers she gets around town now, and she's asked for us to consider moving out of town. I'm open to it, but I want to wait until after the new year, though, because I'd like to see Jill fulfill her promise to be Baby New Year.