Madison went to bed satisfied after her escapade at the mall. She was still aroused when she got home, and she masturbated to another orgasm before bed, thinking about the activities of the day.
It wasn't Madison's first time with a girl. She had experimented, and she had hooked up a couple of times and even considered dating another girl earlier in college, but the two decided that friends with benefits was a better avenue for that relationship. But there was something about Hannah that made the experience the most arousing yet. Maybe Hannah was just more attractive than the other girls Madison had been with, or maybe she was just more willing to slut around for Madison. She was more willing to wear revealing clothes and to talk dirty and to hook up with a complete stranger.
Madison slept well that night, and in the early afternoon of the day that followed, she started to get messages on her phone from the guys that helped her take pictures the day before. They had sent pictures of her, in her sexy outfit, splattered in their cum. One by one the pictures rolled in over a period of a few hours, until she had pictures from each of the guys.
"Oh, shit!" Madison thought when she saw the first one. And the second. Her hookup with Hannah had made her forget all about the guys she met and the deal she had made with them. "Maybe I can just ignore them," thought Madison. It was true, they would probably never see her again, and perhaps they weren't really expecting anything from her, but only hoping for the best. They might forget about her and turn their attention to someone else just as easily as she would.
However, as the pictures kept coming in over the next several hours, Madison began to look at them more closely. There she was, half naked in a mall, in her tiny crop top and skirt, completely covered in hot, sticky cum. It wasn't something she had really ever thought or fantasized about, but it was starting to turn her on, and when she got turned on she would do things that she wouldn't otherwise consider.
Madison retreated to her bedroom, looking at the pictures, becoming more aroused the more she looked. Before she realized what she was doing, she was lying on her bed, touching herself through her soft running shorts. She hadn't worn any panties last night. Why bother, when she was just going to bed?She hadn't worn any, in fact, since she took them off the day before at the mall, and Hannah now had that pair.
As she became more aroused, Madison became more convinced that she would hold up her end of the deal. She smiled to herself and began to shake a little from the anticipation of what she knew she was about to do. Madison was a little nervous - after all, a hot college girl can never be sure what is going to happen when she sends nude pictures to a guy she has barely met, let alone four guys. But little by little, she talked herself into it.
"It's not like I haven't fantasized about this," she thought. "And besides, I'm already mostly naked on the internet anyway. And I did make a deal. And, well, it would be really, really hot." That was the final push. The fact that she was already aroused, and she knew sending pictures to these guys would make her even more aroused, was getting to her.
Madison stood up and slowly removed her shirt, an old, loose, cropped T-shirt that she often wore to bed, and unhooked her bra and threw both garments into a corner. Next she removed her shorts. She raised her phone to take a selfie in the mirror, but before she snapped the picture, she had a better idea all of the sudden. "Wait, maybe I should tease a little first," she thought.
She went to her closet and quickly found an appropriate teasing outfit - a white schoolgirl shirt and a red, tight, extremely short mini skirt. These she put on with nothing underneath, wanting to tease but not to really cover up too much or add too many layers, pun intended, to her teasing. She tied the shirt just under her tits and situated the skirt so that it covered from about three inches below her navel to just under her ass cheeks. Satisfied, she picked up her phone and stood in front of the mirror.
Madison smiled big as she took the first picture, and she watched in the mirror, looking at her own exposed stomach and legs before moving her gaze to her nipples, the outlines of which could be seen through the fabric of her shirt. She placed one hand on the tie of the shirt, pulling it until it was half untied, and took another picture, showing anyone who saw that yes, she was taking met clothes off and it wouldn't be long before she was completely uncovered.
Smiling a devious smile, Madison pulled on the tie some more until it came untied, revealing a three inch gap between her breasts for the entire length of the shirt. It was t a long shirt either - it was clearly meant to be tied under the breasts and not to really function as a normal shirt, but perhaps only as part of a costume or a club outfit. Its length ended about an inch above her belly button, and there was extra material at the corners to make tying easier. Posing, still smiling, she snapped another picture.
Next, Madison sat back on her bed, legs closed, and snapped a picture of her sitting body. And then, thinking "I can't believe I'm actually doing this," she opened her legs a little, giving access to her glistening, shaved pussy as she smiled and snapped the first picture of herself in which she was truly exposed. She paused to touch herself, feeling the pleasure of her own exposure directly in her pussy as she did so, and then, without really thinking, but overcome by her arousal, she snapped a picture of her touching her pussy, and then another with one finger inside. "That's hot," she said out loud as she changed positions for her next photo.
Next she set a timer on her phone, got on the bed on all fours and moved her ass to face the camera. As the timer counted down, Madison placed a hand on her ass to feel exactly what was uncovered. Stretching out, she could feel that part of her ass and probably her pussy were within sight of the camera. "Perfect," she thought, and just a moment later the timer reached zero. "What a slut," Madison thought as she stood up and picked up the phone. There she was, on all fours, in a mini skirt that had ridden up so that half her ass and all of her pussy were visible.
Madison set another timer and got into the same position on the bed, only this time, she pulled the skirt up high, exposing her entire ass. "Oh, God, yes, look at my filthy whore ass," she half moaned as the timer counted down and took another picture. Reaching for the phone again, Madison was delighted at the level of exposure she now felt, and she began to shake again as the reality that she was going to send these pictures to strangers began to set in.
Facing the mirror again, Madison pulled her arms out of the top and threw it on the floor with the other garments she had removed. "Titty time," she said, seeing that her tits were completely uncovered as she prepared for another picture. In her firs one, she covered her tits with her spare arm, although all she could really cover were her nipples, and her cleavage was mostly in plain view. Cupping her right breast with her left arm, she snapped a picture, before giving her nipples a little twist to bring them to attention for her first picture with her tits completely exposed.
"Yes, see how turned on I am to show off for you?" She asked as she snapped a picture, eyebrows raised, open mouth, tits completely exposed. "That's it, I fucking love this," she continued. This time she smiled big, showing just how thrilled she was to expose herself for these guys. Finally, it was time. She removed the skirt, and now stood completely nude in front of the mirror.
Madison was shaking so much at this point, she could barely take a decent picture. She smiled again as she snapped a full frontal, then zoomed in on her tits and took another. She turned the camera around and took another picture, this time of her exposed tits and face, and then another, from her tits to the floor with her face cut out. Continuing, she turned around to the mirror and spread her ass cheeks and snapped again.
Sitting down on the bed, Madison spread her legs and took a close up picture of her pussy, just before inserting two fingers. "Ohhhh, fuck yes!" She moaned as she took the fingers willingly, snapping another picture to show the guys just how excited this was making her. "Yes, I need to be shown off and exposed!"
Almost at that exact moment, the last of the four guys she met sent his picture of her scantily clad body covered in his cum. She knew what she had to do. Starting a group text, she selected the first photos, of her wearing the top and skirt and untying the knot, took a deep breath, and typed out "thank you all so much, here are some more of me!! Xoxo." Madison closed her eyes, took a deep breath, plunged her fingers back into her pussy and, overcome by arousal, clicked "send."
Madison continued to pleasure her pussy as she waited on a response. Quickly, three messages came in. "Wow, you look sexy!" Said the first one. The second wasn't quite as nice. "Hey, I thought you said you would lose the clothes," he insisted. The third was just a picture of a shirtless guy unzipping his pants. She quickly replied to all of them. "Thank you!" "Don't worry, I'm taking it off for you ;)" and "will you show me yours if I show you mine first?" She typed out, respectively.
Madison navigated back to the group text and selected a few more pictures. This time, she picked the ones of her bent over with the skirt still on, and the one of her topless covering her breasts with her arm. There was no hesitation this time. She had an audience and she loved every second. She clicked send, and instantly, her bare pussy and barely-covered breasts were making their way to four guys she had barely met.
Madison plunged three fingers into her pussy as she waited on a response again. "Oh, yes, please make me take it all off, oh god, it gets me off! It makes me so fucking horny! I'm going to take it all off for you next, all of you!" Madison moaned as she talked in a guttural tone, obviously intoxicated with arousal. She continued to pound her pussy with her fingers, thrusting them in and out of the hole she so much loved to expose.
Waiting on the guys to respond seemed to take a lifetime. She wanted it - she wanted them to respond and tell her how much they wanted to see her naked body, and to tell her how much of a little slut she was for practically begging for them to cum on her sexy pictures, and for sending nude pictures to a group of guys she had only talked to for five minutes. Madison pleasured herself, waiting on the responses, keeping herself in a state of arousal until she could take no more.
"Wow," was all the first one said. "I still see clothes :(" said the second, and the third was just a guy grabbing his dick through his boxers.
Madison was too aroused and too impatient to type out responses this time. She could only load the group text again, select the remainder of the pictures, and add a fourth finger to her pussy, stretching it wide as she clicked the send button for a third time.
"Oh, fuck yes, I need this. Look at my whore body on display for you! Yes, I need this! Oh, just use me! Use my slutty naked body as a cum target! Oh yes, jack off to me and just use me, God, I am such a slut but I love it! I want everyone to see me naked! Show me to your friends and your brothers and your dad and your, your sisters and everyone you know! Ohhhh, and have them all, all of them text me and tell me what a whore and a slut and a filthy girl I am! Madison moaned out loud and degraded herself harshly as she forced her fingers in and out of her pussy time and time again, each push bringing her closer to orgasm.
"Oh yes, I want them all to see me! I want them all to use me! I want to be the biggest slut in the world, and show my slut body to everybody! Oh God, that is so hot! Expose me, I'm a slut! Yes, show - show my pictures - to the whole world! My naked - naked pictures of my slut - slut, slut body. I'm just a worthless naked slut! Oh, use me like the exposed slut I am! Oh, I love showing off to guys I just met! Use me - use my - my slutty pictures - pass me around - oh yes yes yes! I'm a shown off - shown off slut! Slut! Dirty filthy nasty skanky slut!!
Madison had drifted to the edge of the earth and only halfway back. Her body rocked in a cosmic, entranced, bucking motion as she went into the clouds of orgasm. She didn't even bother to look at the responses she got from the guys. She was horny, she was a slut, she was now fully exposed and she wanted more.
Reaching under her bed, Madison brought out the toys she had purchased the day before. She placed the butt plug and the nipple clamps on the bed, preparing to use them on herself when the mood was right. Still incredibly horny, Madison paused to look at her naked body in the mirror.
She may have not understood herself completely at this point, but she was beginning to understand that she had an exhibitionist side. Madison loved showing off her body, she loved the comments people made about it, and she even loved imagining what comments were being made about her inside the minds of people who wouldn't dare share their thoughts. Understanding this, Madison picked up her phone, searching for any replies to her pictures.
"Wow, you look incredible!" Said the first. Madison thought this was boring. She may have been flattered if she wasn't in a state of sexual excitement, but as horny as she still was, she really just wanted to hear how much of a slut she was for sending the pictures. The next one was from the guy who kept sending pictures, and all it was was a picture of his erect penis. A little better, she thought. At least she had a visualization now.
She then noticed the response from the third guy, the guy who had exerted the most pressure for her to remove her clothing. "There you go, you finally did it!" It said. Then she saw his next message. "You seem to like doing this, what a little tease." And his next one: "don't you respond? Or are you too busy fucking yourself?"
Madison quickly thanked the first guy and snapped a picture of her open mouth and sent it to the second. "That would make a nice warm hole for that cock," she thought. But the third guy was the one she was really interested in. The other two just weren't doing it for her, but this one was actually going somewhere. "Actually yes, I was fucking myself, doing this just makes me so horny!" She combined the text with a new picture of her swollen pussy as proof, and sent them off.
"Yeah I knew you were a little slut like that," came the reply almost instantly. "I knew that when I saw your outfit at the mall. You like it, don't you? Showing off your body?"
"Yes, I love showing off my little whore body for you, and for lost of other people too!" Madison wrote back. "And it makes me even more horny when guys like you call me a little slut. Or anything like that really."
"So you really are a filthy nasty whore showing your body off for everyone that wants it. Do you let all the guys have a piece of ass too? I bet you are a little closet cock slut, aren't you? You get turned on by being a little cum rag, right?
"Yes, I get turned on by it, I dont do it that much, I really just like to show off a lot but sometimes, like the other day in the mall I hooked up with somebody."
"That's it, you filthy fuck slut," he replied. "Tell me about it. Just some random guy? Where did you do it?"
"Actually it was a girl, and I ate her pussy in her car while she told me how much of a whore I am." Madison was becoming more and more aroused the more she told. It was like a drug getting her higher and higher. She normally would not have told a complete stranger about her lesbian hookup, but the degradation and the pictures and just the sheer eroticism of the moment had moved her well past her usual inhibitions. She needed to be degraded, she needed to be used, and she needed it from this guy. Stopping to think for a moment, Madison realized she didn't even know which one of the guys this was - and that just aroused her even more.
The texts stopped coming for a moment, and Madison typed back another reply. "I'm bisexual, so I like guys and girls too. I like it because it makes me more of a nasty slut to hook up with a girl every once in a while, but I think I like showing my body to guys more. I like to imagine what they do to my pictures, and I like the idea of guys I've never met using them and taking pictures of my half naked body when I'm not looking and using them to jack off to." Every word, as Madison knew, was the truth.
The reply came rather quickly. "We could use a few more sluts like you, you make a good cum target. I bet you wouldn't mind getting on a webcam and showing me how you like to fuck yourself and I bet you want me to talk dirty to you while you do it, don't you, slut?"
Madison's whole body froze. It was so erotic, so revealing, so perfect, and so risky. She had a feeling these webcams could probably be saved and viewed over and over or even spread around the web, but she wasn't tech-savvy enough to be sure. She was so aroused by the thought, though, that was for sure. The thought of a guy calling her a nasty slut over a computer while he watched her stuff her tight little holes, it was terribly arousing. She needed it. The riskiness of it just made her want it even more, she just wanted to be sure it was safe; even the slightest assurance would suffice.
"Omg that is so hot! I would do it if I knew you would be the only one that could see it," she hurriedly typed back.
"Well we could use Skype," he replied. "And I won't show it to anyone or record it or anything, as much as I think you would enjoy that."
"Wow, the idea of you recording it and showing it to people is really hot but scary! Ok, I will do it, just promise that no matter what I say when I get horny and in the moment, you won't show anyone? And I promise I will have a special surprise for you ;)"
With that, the two exchanged skype usernames and Madison opened up her computer, thrilled, anxious, and very aroused knowing that she was going to show her naked body to someone over a webcam. "God, this is so fucking hot," she said to herself as the two computers worked to get the feed up and running.
At once, it was done. The computers connected, but Madison didn't see anything. "Are you there?" She said. She was sitting naked on her bed with the computer propped up on the adjacent dresser.
"I'm here," came a male voice. You look even slit tier without your clothes, but I know how much that turns you on." Madison's face flushed. He could see her! She was surprised because she expected to see him too, but she was just looking at a black screen.
"Ummm, I don't see you," she said, confused.
"I know. I've covered up the webcam so you won't see me. This is going to be a lot hotter if you don't know who is watching," said the voice.
"Oh, oh my god, that is actually really hot," said Madison. She was really embarrassed. There was a guy out there somewhere staring at her naked body, sitting on her bed, and she had no idea what his name was or what he looked like or anything at all, and knowing that only made her want to fuck herself, and now. "So, what do you want to watch me do?" She teased at the black screen in front of her.
"You can start by telling me your name," said the voice. "And tell me how much of a dirty little slit you are, and how much you love showing off that body."
"Well, ummm, my name is Madison," she said, "and I'm a filthy, dirty nasty little college slut and I love showing off as much of my whore body as I can to anybody that wants to see it," she continued in a flirtatious, teasing voice.
"Good," he said. "Do you have any experience? Maybe a time when you wore skimpy clothes in public or anything?"
"Actually, just yesterday I wore a top that barely covered my tits and a really tiny, short skirt in the mall and I walked around to see how much attention I could get."
"Good, anything else happen?"
"Yes, I met a really hot girl and I begged her to call me a slut and force me to eat her pussy," she continued. Madison was completely in the moment, completely helpless to her own arousal. Her pussy was dripping buckets and her viewer could hear in her voice just how aroused she was as she accentuated her words for maximum erotic effect.
"Wow, that's slutty! So, have you ever shown your body online before?"
"Well," Madison paused. She thought about telling a lie, not wanting her audience to know about the pictures she had posted. It would be so easy just to pretend for the sake of this moment that it never happened, and to keep the two worlds, her mall world and her porn site world, seperare. She fought for several seconds, turning over the repercussions of revealing her secret in her mind. Ultimately, though, Madison craved the humiliation and the excitement of telling this unseen stranger that she loved it - that she loved it so much she had posted the sexiest pictures online that she could post without revealing anything technically indecent.
"Well, I - I have - I've shown my body, yes. I have posted about 50 or 60 pictures of me wearing the sluttiest outfits I have, and just a bra and panties or a bikini in some of them," she admitted finally. She was starting to twitch, and she began to play with her nipples without even realizing what was happening.
"And where did you show your body?" He continued his questions. "Have you ever posed nude?"
"I posted my pictures at first, just a few of them, like six of them to Facebook, but I wanted more, spin took them down and added them to a porn site, and then I've been adding to them, but no, I've actually never posed nude. Not until I texted you guys anyway. I mean I've sent nudes to boyfriends and stuff before, but never to someone so...random." She was obviously turned on and waited at the edge of her bed, wondering what he was going to say next.
"And all of those things, how did they make you feel? Did you like it, being seen like that?"
"Oh, it made me feel like a worthless, nasty, exposed, desperate slut...and I, I loved every second. It just makes me so horny to show off like that, knowing that anyone could see me almost naked."
"Ok. Well what I want is for everyone to be able to see you completely naked. What do you think of that, would you ever post pictures of yourself completely nude on a porn site?"
"I mean, I've fantasized about it," she started. "The idea is so, so fucking hot! I guess I just started to do this a couple weeks ago and I really like it and I've thought about it but haven't actually done it. And I worry some too, a little, about being seen by someone I know."
"Well," the guy said. "I tell you what. I want you to take ten nude pictures and post them to that website and then send me a link, while you are on here with me. I'll wait for you. How does that sound?"
Madison's heart leapt into her throat. She was so aroused, so excited, so anxious too at the moment. There was no way she could stop herself from exposing herself even more. She was too aroused, and when she reached a state like this, she was a slave to the desires of her body. Yes, Madison needed it, needed the exposure and the arousal and the adrenaline rush of doing something as risky as posting completely nude pictures online. "It sounds...noooo! I can't do that! Please?" She pleaded, playfully, before giggling and giving in. "Actually that sounds really hot!"
"Good, so you will take ten pictures?" He half asked and half demanded.
"Yes, ten. One thing though, do I have to show my face? It really makes me worry that someone I know is going to see me nude."
"I tell you what," he said. "You take nine pictures without your face, but one has to be a full frontal with your face. You like the risk, you like the idea of being seen, even by people you know, so I think you will really like showing off like that."
"Wow, so hot," she said. "And yes I do like the risk. So I think since I'm feeling a little slutty right now I will show my face in two pictures, and hopefully nobody I know will see or notice! And if they do, hopefully they enjoy me." She was rubbing her pussy now, completely overcome by her own excitement, unable to stop. Madison stood up and began taking the ten special pictures for her new post.
"Ok, first, just a picture of your tits. And show me when you are done, I want to make sure you look like the horny little slut you are." Madison complied, holding the phone out and taking a picture of her tits before placing it in front of the webcam, allowing her viewer to see the picture she had taken.
"Good. Now for the second one, how about a close up picture of your pussy. And spread your legs too, like you are opening up to get fucked hard by a roomful of guys." Again, Madison complied. She sat on her bed, spread her legs as wide as she could, and snapped a picture of her pussy. The picture came out a little grainy and pixelated, so she repeated the process, getting a better result the second time, before showing her work to the webcam again.
"That's good, you little slut. I can tell how much you like doing this, knowing you are going to plaster these all over the Internet for anyone to see." She smiled and nodded her approval, his words only arousing her, as humiliating as they were and as much of an exhibitionist whore as they made her out to be.
"Now a full frontal, slut, everything but your face." Madison responded by holding the camera at eye level and snapping a picture of her body in the mirror. She showed him the picture again, and in the photo he could see her tits, her stomach, her shaven pussy, everything - all the way down to her feet.
"Do you like it?" She said, practically begging for his approval.
"I'll like it when you have all ten pictures on a porn site, slut," he replied. It was just another reminder that this wasn't for fun and games, this was for real online exposure. It was a thought that would have driven her away if not for her state of arousal, but horny as she was, she had already conceded to herself that those inhibitions had to go, and that she was willing to do whatever it might take to get her where she wanted to go - to a state of utter humiliation and complete exposure and never-ending slutdom.
"Now bend over at the waist and take a picture of your ass," he continued. Madison did her best to comply. She tried just holding the phone behind her ass at first, taking a picture, before realizing she couldn't quite position the phone in the right place to get a good picture. Instead, she took one in the mirror, and took one by setting a timer with her phone on the dresser, bent over the bed in front of the camera.
"Which one of these do you like better?" She asked flirtatiously.
"I like the second one, without the mirror. Your slutty ass is easier to see. But since you took both of them, I want them both posted, ok? And you still have to take six more. You know you are an eager slut and more pictures is only going to turn you on more."
"Yes, I am an eager little slut," she replied, "and I love taking more pictures. I will post eleven then, I guess I don't have much of a choice as much of a whore as I am," she said, again using her sexy, flirty, promiscuous voice as much as possible. "So, what do you want to see next?" She bit her tongue as she smiled and waited on his next demand, his next order for what she was to post online. "This is so hot," she thought. "I'm going to post these on a porn site, my body, my whore body for everyone to see, naked, and I don't even have any say in what I'm posting. Mmmm, so fucking hot!"
"Stand up and take a picture of your entire backside, everything from your head to your heels," he replied. Just as he wished, Madison stood, set a timer again, and turned her back to the camera, getting far enough away that it captured what he had requested. She placed her hands on her head as if fixing her hair as she waited for the timer to count down, and again, she showed him the result using the webcam.
"I can see how much you enjoy this," he said. "So now, put three fingers in your pussy and take a picture." Her mind raced. It was one thing to post nude pictures, but he actually wanted her to post a picture of her pleasuring herself, showing the entire world that she loved doing this and showing everyone how aroused she had become by her actions.
"What?" She asked, almost in disbelief.
"Finger yourself, slut," he said, a tinge of impatience in his voice. "Show me how turned on you get taking naked pictures to post all over the Internet. Three fingers." She did as she was told, her adrenaline commanding her to follow his orders as it completely ate away at her sensibilities, leaving only her arousal and her pounding heart to drive her actions. She was catatonic, incapable of rational thought, and in this moment she wanted nothing more. She eagerly plunged a finger into her swollen pussy, and then two, allowing the faceless stranger to watch as she gave herself the pleasure she craved. Only moments later she plunged a third finger into her desperate pussy and, shoving the fingers in as far as they would go, took a picture with her free hand and displayed it to him.
"Oh my god, this makes me so horny, and it does really turn me on knowing I'm going to post these." She said these words knowing that they would turn him on, give him a glimpse inside her willing mind, but also knowing that they were completely true.
"Good girl," he said, obviously pleased. "Now I imagine a slut like you doesn't mind a little ass play, so why don't you put one finger in your ass for number eight. And you know what comes after that." She didn't have to be told twice this time. Repositioning herself, she lubed up one finger by placing it deep in her mouth, tasting the juices and savorinf the taste of her pussy as she did so, before placing her shiny finger into position and forcing it into her tight asshole. She gasped a little as she adjusted to its presence, and then forced it in as far as it would go, and took a picture of her violated back door.
"I'm not always up for anal," she said, showing him the result. "But when I get really horny, like I am right now, I really want it. It makes me more slutty, I guess, and then I get even more turned on. Do you like it?"
"Yes, you look like a good little anal slut, and I'm sure millions of guys are going to say the same thing when you post it. But you still have two more pictures to take. The first one, as I said earlier, will be a full frontal with your face included, and then I will tell you what to do for the last picture."
She was actually going to do it! Yes, she had thought about it before, but it had been merely a fantasy that she wasn't sure if or when she would ever act out. Now, the pressure of the nameless guy on the computer and the arousal she was feeling pushed her over he edge. She was going to be a real slut and post her own nude pictures on a porn site for no other reason than she was a slut and she wanted it. Those feelings of sluttiness and exposure only added to her arousal, pushing her farther into the depths of her own slutty, desperate behavior, adding to her exposure and arousal yet again. It was a vicious cycle.
Feeling these feelings and knowing how much it made her want more - more pictures, more exposure, more slutty behavior - Madison stepped back from the camera, timer set, and gave a big smile as she allowed a full frontal including her face to be taken. When she was finished, she showed it to the webcam again and listened for instructions for her next picture.
"Very good!" He said. "Now, I'm going to leave this last one up to you. The only requirement is that it shows your face, tits, and pussy."
"Ok," she said, thinking about what she would do. She thought about some of the slutty pictures she had seen online, and what those girls had done. Some had written sexy, slutty, or even humiliating words on their bodies, some had used toys, some had been actually having sex.
All of the sudden, she had an idea. "I'll be right back," she said, smiling to the computer. She turned and opened her bedroom door, checking to make sure Kacie, her roommate, was not home. Slowly she peeked her head out of the door, and, seeing no sign of Kacie, swiftly walked to the door that led to the balcony of her apartment, unlocked it, and opened it just wide enough to see if anyone was around.
Again seeing nothing, she slowly stepped out, unsure of herself. This was, after all, her first time being outside with absolutely no clothing on. She couldn't believe what she was doing! What if someone saw her! "I need to just do this and get back inside and then I can post these pictures and show off without worrying about people I know seeing me naked," she thought.
Or could she? Suddenly she realized that showing her face and naked body online would know mean that anyone who knew her would be able to tell that it was her in the pictures. Friends, exes, classmates, even her family would recognize her. But would they ever actually see the pictures? "Probably not," Madison thought, and then, in her state of arousal, thought some more. "Well, if anybody sees them it would be kinda hot actually. And then forever I will always have to wonder who has seen me naked, and that is really hot and God, I need to do this!" She thought.
Armed with a newfound bravery, she dispensed with her caution and stepped out into the balcony. It didn't seem like there was anybody around, and the people she did see were probably too far away to notice that she wasn't wearing any clothes. Excited, she placed her phone at one corner of the balcony near the door to the apartment, backing up to the far corner, deductively leaning on the railing as she smiled wide, painfully aware that she was now exposed to a large area that was hidden from her view. Even if they couldn't really see her tits or her pussy, they could tell she was naked and wait for her to turn around and show them.
The camera snapped, and Madison hurriedly picked up thecamera and went back inside the apartment and locked the door. Going back to her bedroom, she showed the guy the results of her idea.
"Oh, there you go!" He said. "Very nice, stepping outside in the nude! Anyone see you out there, slut?"
"No, not that I noticed anyway."
"Well that sucks. You ever get naked in a mall, maybe a bar, a park, anywhere public? You seem like you might be the type, wanting to show off and all."
"No, well topless in a bar once, but I only half remember that. Anywhere else, no, I just don't want to be arrested for it or I probably would have tried it," she said, laughing, a little embarrassed.
"Yeah, makes sense. So here you are with your ten, well, really eleven pictures. Now go ahead and post them to the site you use, show your uncovered body to the world, and send me a link so I can make sure you actually did it and I might have a little surprise for you at the end of the show."
"Like, post them now?" Madison asked, a little frightened.
"Yes, post them now, slut, you know how much you want this."
"Yes, I know, it makes me super horny, but it's kinda scary too, you know? Anyone who knows me will recognize these, it could even be my dad! How embarrassing!"
"Yeah, true," he said, thinking for a few seconds. "Or, how arousing. You know once someone recognizes you they will show it to everyone else they know that knows you, right? You could be seen naked by half the people you know but never realize it, and every time they see you they will be imagining you nude and telling themselves and each other how much of a slut you are, probably without you ever hearing it. And I think you kinda like that idea."
"God yes that is hot," she said, sighing, beginning to rub her pussy as she sat in front of the computer. She sighed, and spoke flirtatiously once again. "Ok, I'm going to do it, I just can't say no." Now she was starting to realize that she had a hard time raising any objection to furthering her exploits in online exposure, but she didn't care. She loved every second, she loved being pushed into deeper and darker things and feeling like a used slut for doing it.
Madison pulled up the website on her phone and selected the pictures she planned to upload. "Ok, I'm doing it!" She said to the guy on the other end of the conversation, as flirty as she could be. "Just a few more seconds...I can't believe I'm doing this, this is so slutty and so wrong but i am about to cum just sitting here." As she said this her mind raced again, and her adrenaline pushed her over the edge. She hit the submit button without more than five seconds' reconsideration, and all at once she was nude, exposed online for the world to see.
"Oh my god, I just did it. I'm actually naked online now...I hope nobody I know sees these," Madison said.
"Very good," said the guy. "How does it feel?"
"Really, really naughty," Madison replied in a guttural, sexy tone. "Risky and dangerous and...and...in a way, awesome...I am so horny right now!"
"Good, I knew you wanted it, slut. Send me a link and then you can show me just how horny you are." Madison nodded, lightly touching her labia as she used her phone to text the guy a link to her new pictures. In just a few moments, he was looking at Madison completely exposed for all to see on the Internet.
"What do you think?" Madison asked, in a tone that was a little shy, a little curious, and did nothing to hide her wanton arousal.
"Wow, good job. I can really see how much you love exposing your body in these pictures. You really like being a little filthy whore and posting these, don't you?"
"I don't know...maybe," said Madison with a smile and a wink. "So do you want to watch me fuck myself now, fuck myself while I tell you how much I love being a shown off, exposed little slut for everyone to jack off to?" She cooed, flirting, as she sat on the bed and began to touch herself.
"Yes," he said. "Fuck yourself, and make it hot and nasty. Tell me how much you're enjoying being a shown off whore on the Internet. Tell me how much you want to lose all control of these pictures as hey get posted and reposted a million times until you are on every nude website and blog in existence. You would just love that wouldn't you?"
"Oh, fuck, yes, I want that," Madison moaned as she slipped two fingers into her sopping wet, desperate cunt. "I want to be shown off all over the world," she continued.
"Good, then put another finger in your pussy and tell me how many times you want these pictures reposted."
"Ohhhhh, yes, three fingers feel soooo much better than two! I want those pictures reposted as much as possible, I want to be the girl every guy fantasizes about while he jacks off, I want to...to be the girl that is on more websites, more than any other slut out there! I want them all looking at me! I want some of the girls to call me a filthy whore and a homewrecker and the rest of them to want to use my body just like the guys do, use me pussy and my mouth and even my ass! Is that what you want to happen!"
"Yes," he said. "I want to destroy you, destroy your good girl facade and your innocence and your self-worth. And I want you to want it, and I want you to want to do it to yourself."
"I do want it, I want it all!" She replied. "I want it, oh, I want to be destroyed, I need to make myself into a worthless slut!" Upon uttering these words, Madison knew it was time to reveal her surprise. Needing it in every form she could muster in this moment, she reached for the clamps and the plug, and brought them to the attention of the guy on the other end of the line. "This is my surprise," she said, sensually. "Want to see me take this in my ass, and put these on my nipples?"
"Do it, slut. You know you need it."
"I've actually never used these before," said Madison as she raised the plug to her lips. "I've been saving them for the right time." With that, she placed the plug between her lips and pushed it into her mouth as far as she could.
"Suck it, slut," demanded the guy. "Pretend that's my cock between your lips. Show me how rough and nasty you like it. Show me how much you like gagging on a big cock until it shoots down your throat."
"Mmmmm," Madison moaned as she sucked the cock, lubing it thoroughly with saliva so that it would slide more readily into her ass when the time came. "I love, I love sucking big cocks, and having clocks forced down my throat and being forced to swallow every last drop of cum. It makes me feel like such a little worthless whore." Madison continued to suck the butt plug, shoving it farther into her throat with each thrust.
"How does that make you feel slut?" Asked the guy.
"It makes my throat feel raw and makes me feel used," said Madison, humiliated beyond belief. "But I like it...I need to feel this way...the more used I am the better I feel." As she said these words, utter humiliation crossed her face and she cast her eyes down away from the screen, ashamed. Yet her shame only served to arouse her even more and make her eagerly await the moment when she would take it in her ass. Luckily for her, the moment was just around the corner.
"Good, that's all you are good for anyway, right, you slut?"
"Yes, it's all in good for, being used, being a plaything and a slut for dick and pussy and for everyone to jack off to." After saying these words, Madison removed the plug from her mouth, turned her ass to the webcam, and teased her audience of one by placing the plug near her rear orifice. "Want me to take it up the ass for you?" She cooed.
"Put it in your ass, you know you want it, bitch."
Madison eagerly complied. She slowly but forcefully inserted it into her hole, pushing steadily. "Ooohhh, it hurts, it hurts, my tight little ass! Ohhhh, it hurts, but I fucking love it! Mmmmmm!" Continuing to moan, she gave the plug a final thrust. Her sphincter swallowed the last that it could, and closed around the bottleneck of the plug, which had found its home, situated firmly in her ass, much to her delight. Having completed the task at hand, she turned to face the webcam again and picked up the clamps. Her lone viewer was silent, watching as she prepared to close the clamps on her waiting, ready nipples. "Probably jacking off," she thought.
"Aahhhh," Madison moaned lightly as a clamp hit its mark on her left nipple. She smiled at the webcam as she moaned in both pain and pleasure as she allowed the second clamp to close harshly on her right nipple. She was insatiable, wanton, and in heat. Her new toys were causing her to feel pain which only turned to pleasure given her state of arousal. The nerves were gone, only her raw, uninhibited libido was left. Looking straight at the webcam, she began to speak in her sexy, grove long, guttural tone yet again. I'm plugging my ass and torturing my nipples on cam for a complete stranger, oh my god, this is so hot," she said with the wide, unmistakable smile of a girl who knew exactly what she was doing and loving every degrading word. "I'm such a huge fucking slut."
Madison sat on the edge of her bed again, holding three fingers up to the webcam and giving a big smile before forcing the fingers deep into her pussy again. The pleasure was indescribable; the combination of the plug and the clamps and her fingers was driving her wild. Without being asked or ordered, she added a fourth finger to her pussy, knowing it would show the guy how much she really was loving this.
"You filthy slut," he said. "You couldn't stop at three, could you? You loose, used up slut! I bet you were used up by the time you made it through your first year of college, after all the guys you fucked, right?
"Oh fuck yes," she said, "I'm a used up whore, and now my only purpose is to let strangers use me by showing off my body and fucking myself!"
"Good, and since that's your only purpose, I bet you would really love it if I took those pictures and made a video of this Skype session and posted them all over the Internet so people can always see how much of a little exhibitionist slut you are, until the end of time, you would love that, wouldn't you?"
"Yes, oh, fuck yes, please do that to me! I want to, I want to be shown off to the whole world! Please post this shit everywhere! God, I hope you are recording this and you post it everywhere so It can't ever be taken down! Oh, I want this!" Madison was furiously pounding her pussy now, and as she finished these words she was already on the verge of an impending orgasm. The little slut she was, all the tension and buildup to this moment had her ready to burst.
"I will do that for sure, just say right now that you take back what you said earlier about me not showing this to anyone, and tell me how much you want it posted."
"Yes, yes, I - I take it back, I want this posted everywhere, oh yes, I'm a slut! The more guys jacking off to me the more I cum! Oh yes, I really want you to post it, just send it to me when you're gone, show me how bad I wanted it, how shown off I need to be, I tucking need this, yes!" Madison's fingers pounded away and she could take no more. She was teetering on the edge of climax.
"Are you going to cum for me, slut?" The guy asked.
"Oh yes, oh yes. Ohhhhhhh, yes! I'm cumming I'm cumming! Ohhhh yes I am such a fucking slut! Yes, showing off my slut body makes me cum so hard, I, ohhh! Ohhhh fuck yes!" Madison had a thundering orgasm, shuddering and shaking and losing control of almost her entire body as the spasms paralyzed her. It was equally intense as compared with the day before, when she was with Hannah. The instant it was over, her fingers were in her mouth, and she was licking and sucking every last bit of the taste of her pussy out of her fingers, so that she could taste herself as she cooled off a little.
"Are you ready for your surprise?" Asked the guy.
"Sure," said Madison.
Without a word, the guy peeled off whatever was covering the webcam, revealing the guy that she had been showing herself to - and at least six others. They were in the background, behind him, watching as she sat naked on her bed. It took a couple seconds for her to realize what was going on, but slowly she came to the realization that she had a bigger audience than she expected during her little show.
"Did all of you - all of you just watch me?" She said, mortified. Some nodded, others audibly affirmed, but all of them were there for her dirty talk, her humiliation, her orgasm. All of them knew she was a huge slut now. Madison was completely humiliated - and more than a little turned on knowing that she had given a show to this many guys. She paused for a moment to count them - seven, seven in total.
"Yeah, I invited some friends over when I realized you were actually going to do this," said he guy front and center. "Three of them are the guys from yesterday, and there are three more too."
"You asshole! You said nobody else would see this!"
"Yeah, and you just begged me to show it to everybody," said the guy at the front. She could tell by his voice that it was the same guy that she had been performing for, the one she thought was the only one watching.
"Nice show!" Said a voice from the back.
"Thanks," Madison said. "And yeah, it is kinda hot knowing that you all just watched that. I just wish I would have known sooner!"
"Well we had an idea," said the guy in front again. "What would you think if we all took turns jacking off to you, one at a time, while you fuck yourself?"
"Wow, that sounds hot!" Madison replied. She smiled, blushing a little. The slut was still extremely aroused, and the thought of letting seven guys use her like that did not bother her in the least in this moment. Hell, if they were all actually in the same room, she would have let them actually use her - fuck her, degrade her, pound her - at this point. She had never been gangbanged before, but she would have begged for it.
"Ok. Well we don't want to do it in front of each other, so we're going to leave the room, and come back in one at a time and do it." With that, six of the guys turned to leave. "Oh, and one more thing. No cumming until we've all had our turn, ok, slut?"
"Ok," said Madison. Six of the guys left and it was just Madison and the original guy. In this moment, Madison stood up and left the view of the webcam, returning in a few seconds with her dildo. "Mind if I use this?" She asked, playfully. Turning to look at the computer, she could see that he had already pulled down his pants and she could see his hardening cock.
"Yes, now get back on the bed and fuck yourself with that dildo!" He ordered. Madison did so, smiling as she sat on the bed with her legs spread and her pussy and plugged ass exposed. Playfully, she began to lick the entire length of her dildo before thrusting it deep into her mouth.
"That's it, slut, deepthroat that cock!" Said the guy. Madison, in response, thrusted the dildo into the back of her throat until her mouth felt sore and used yet again. "Do you like having your mouth used as a worthless fuckhole, just another hole to be used by whoever wants it?" He asked.
"Ohhhh, yes, use my mouth, I fucking need this!" She responded. As she took the dildo out of her mouth, she positioned it near her pussy, and as she watched him stroking his cock, she began to feel the dildo make its way into her slippery, nasty hole.
"Do you like being a used little slut for a big group of guys?" He asked. "We're all going to use you, slut, use you as a toy and jack off to you, do you like that?"
"Ohhhhh yes," Madison moaned. "I want you all to get off to me, nothing makes me wetter than a room full of guys using my whore body, I'm such a filthy slut!" As she said this, she began to slide the dildo into her pussy and out, moving in rhythm, aroused by the hard cock that was being shown to her on the computer and aroused by the fact that she was only a sexual plaything now, willing to serve her true purpose of sexually satisfying as many as possible.
"Tell me what you are again, I like to hear you say it," the guy demanded.
"I'm a filthy little slut," Madison said, smiling, pleased with her own degradation. "I'm a worthless, nasty little used up slut, and I'm going to, ohhhh, I'm going to get you all off!"
Madison continued to fuck herself with the dildo, now hearing only grunts and groans from the guy watching her. He was getting close to orgasm, she could tell, and it hasn't taken long.
"Yes ues, you fucking slut, you nasty whore, I'm going to cum all over you, do you want that?"
"Ohhhh, yes, cum all over me! Please cover me in hot, sticky cum!" Madison begged.
"Oh, oh, oh, yes, you slut, I'm cumming, you fucking whore!" He practically shouted as he unleashed a stream of gooey cum directly at her body through the computer.
"Oh yes, oh yes that is so hot, keep cumming, I want to see it, I want to feel it and taste it!" Madison said in response, a little disappointed that she would not actually feel or taste it, but immensely aroused as she imagined the guy being in the same room, directly in front of her, his load streaming down her face and onto her tits and stomach and near her swollen pussy. She imagined pooling the cum on her stomach, removing the dildo and dredging it through the sticky mess, and reinserting it into her pussy, pushing a small part of his load deep inside her with the toy, wanting so much to have even the slightest bit of him inside of her. She then imagined using her finger to sweep what had landed on her face into her mouth, swallowing it like a good slut.
Looking up, the guy had finished, and Madison watched as he pulled up his pants and buttoned them, not saying a word.
"Well, aren't you going to thank me?" He asked with a wicked smile.
"Thank you for cumming on me, and using me like a little cum slut," she responded.
"There, you're welcome. Now remember, no cumming until we've all had a turn. We need you horny and desperate." After saying those words, he wiped up his mess from where it fell and left the room and sent another guy in his place.
Madison was slowly pumping her pussy with the dildo when the next guy entered the room. Making sure he was watching, she removed the dildo, licked it along its entire length, and pushed it back into her pussy.
"I guess I'm next," he said, unzipping his pants. This guy was a little different. He seemed shy, maybe a little unsure of himself, as he took out his already hardening cock and displayed it for her.
"Are you going to use me too?" She asked teasingly.
"Yeah, I guess you could call it that," he said.
"I want you to call it that...it turns me on...and I want you to call me a slut too, can you do that for me?"
"Sure," he said, shyly but clearly turned on by her request. His cock hardened in his hand as he stared at the girl masturbating on her bed. "You - you're a slut," he said.
"I want you to mean it," she whispered, smiling at him. "I want to hear you call me a slut for putting myself out there for you guys and everyone else to use me. It turns me on so much!"
"That's so...so hot," he said, stroking his cock faster. "You're a little slut, a little cum slut. I can't believe you actually like that, it's so fucking hot," he continued. "I think you really are a slut the way you begged for it and begged to be shown off and begged for us to jack off to you." This time, he meant it, and she could tell.
"That's better," she said. "And how are you going to use this little slut?" She practically had to beg it out of him, beg the filthy words she so much needed to hear. It was as if she had to seduce him into using her the way she wanted, the way the last guy had.
"I'm going to jack off to you, I'm going to jack off...oh, I'm going to use you as a cum target." He wasn't sure if he had crossed a line by degrading her like that, but her next words reassured him.
"Good, because I'm just a nasty little cum slut for you and your friends. I'm just a filthy little cum target for you, I want you to cum all over me," she said. Madison was fucking herself a little harder now. "I really am a nasty bitch," she thought, "taking this innocent guy and begging him to talk dirty and just use me."
Overcome by the moment, by the eroticism and the display of the girl on the computer, the guy was already on the verge of orgasm. He clearly hadn't experienced anything like this before, and it showed. He was ready to burst.
"Ohhhh, yes, I like watching you stroke that cock. Ohhhh, I love knowing that you think I'm a dirty little slut and I want you to cover me, cover me in cum, I want you to use me, use my whore body and cover me in your cum. Are you going to cum for me? Please, please just cover me. Please let me taste it, let me feel it, let me see how much of a slut I am. I fucking need this, use me, ohhhh, use me, use me!"
As she said these words, Madison could see the strain on his face and she knew her wish would be granted. All of the sudden, streaks of white shot out of the end of his cock, landing where they may. In Madison's case, she moved her face close to the webcam, making herself the cum target that just moments ago she was declared to be.
"Ohhhhh, ohhhhh, ohhhhhh, yes, yes, you want it slut, here it is! Ohhhh, fuck!" He moaned as he continued to shoot spurt after spurt onto her face, displayed for him with a smile. In a few moments, it was all over, and he loosened his grip on his penis and his hand fell to his side.
"Thank you," she whispered and blew him a kiss. "That load was way bigger than the last one. You must have been saving it for me. I like that. Big loads turn me on," she explained.
"You are so fucking hot," he said. "I like, I would fuck you for real."
"Thank you," she said again. "Who knows, maybe someday you will. It doesn't take much, really. I'm a slut and I like it."
"Wow, so hot," he said as he cleaned up his mess. "Thank you for that, that was incredible." Madison was a little disappointed with his display of gratitude. She was there to be used, fucked, not there to be thanked.
"Tell the next one I'm waiting," she asked as he fastened his belt to leave. He smiled and waved as he walked out the door. Seconds later, a tall, attractive guy made his way through the door and toward the computer screen.
"Hi there, sexy," said Madison. "It's your turn to use me now."
"Ok, sure," he said, unzipping his pants. "So tell me, what makes a hot girl like you want to do this?"
"Ummm, well, it really turns me on," Madison responded. "I get so turned on I can't stop myself."
"Well, you are way hotter than the other girls doing this kind of stuff," he said. "Most of them, I get it, you know, they have to find random guys to interact with because it's the only attention they are going to get, but you? I guess you just get that horny."
"Yes I do, and I love showing off my body. And thanks for the compliments, but what I really like is when you call me names, talk down to me, even make fun of me a little. It turns me on so much to hear nasty things about myself."
"Ok, then," said the guy. Madison didn't want to be psychoanalyzed, she wanted to be used like the slut she was, like the slut spread and exposed and masturbating and begging for guys to cum all over her. She smiled, pleased, as he removed his dick and started stroking it, not saying much at first, but just watching her.
Finally she broke the silence. "Do you like how I plugged my ass for you, how I'm so desperate to take it up the ass that I shoved this plug up there, just to show you all what I am? Do you like how I exposed myself for you, how I posted all those pictures online for everyone to look at?"
"Yes, that was - it was really sexy."
"And do you like how i clamped my nipples for you? Do you like it when I degrade myself for you? Do you think it makes me a slut?"
"Yes, fuck, yes, so sexy," he said. His hand was low wrapped around his cock, and he had lost most of the desire he once had to have a conversation with the girl before he used her. He wasn't used to this - normally he had to get to know a girl, or if she was a little on the promiscuous side, at least buy her a few drinks before she let him take things this far. "Yes, you really are a slut." He continued to stroke his cock, and Madison watched as it became larger, stiffer and ready to explode and his face tightened. She could see the pleasure he was feeling written all over him.
"Do they hurt?" He asked. "The clamps I mean?"
"Ohhhh, yes it hurts," she said as she continued to slowly force the dildo into her pussy, feeling the friction of the toy against her sensitive insides as she fucked herself. "It hurts, but it feels so good! It hurts but it feels good too, and it makes me feel used and dirty and slutty too, and when I'm really horny I don't even care about the pain and all I feel is pleasure."
"Do you like hurting yourself? Degrading yourself?"
"Ohhhh yes I love it," she moaned. "I really love degrading myself." Up until now, Madison had almost forgotten about the clamps pressing into her nipples. They had been on for several minutes now, perhaps even a quarter hour, and up until this point the adrenaline and the arousal she felt had taken her mind off of any pain she might have been experiencing. But now, as the clamps stayed on her nipples as the minutes went by, the pain was increasing, and the conversation drew her attention to the pain. The guy, meanwhile, continued to stroke his cock as he grew ever closer to orgasm.
"Just use me," said Madison, watching the guy stroke his cock, waiting for the stream of cum to fly from it in her direction. "Use me like the little slut I am, use me while I fuck myself and degrade myself for you, and then let the other guys come in and use me too!" Madison moaned as she continued to pump the dildo in and out of her pussy, the ice remaining slow, for she wanted to wait to cum until it was her turn, just as she was requested to do, but she didn't know if she could make it that far. Being used as a cum target by guy after guy was really a rousing to her.
"Ohhhh, yes, I'm going to use you...I'm going to fun to you...yes!" He said in between strokes. "But I want you to tell me what you are, and what you want, so I can cum for you."
"I'm a dirty, filthy, nasty, worthless cum target," Madison said as she fucked herself with the dildo and felt the pain of the clamps on her nipples and the pressure of the plug in her ass. "I like to take it up the ass for you, and hurt my whore nipples for you, and fuck myself for you. I like to get naked for anyone to use my slutty body. Im just a cheap, degraded, used up slut." She said these words slowly, forcefully, and deliberately, allowing their effect to sink in to her own mind and the mind of the guy she was entertaining. In those moments, Madison knew it was all true, and nothing could have turned her ok more.
All at once, the guy unleashed his load directly at her. She smiled as she continued to slowly use the dildo deep in her pussy, wanting to cum but knowing she had to wait. Madison kept herself just a few good strokes of the dildo from orgasm, keeping herself totally aroused, totally in heat and feeling her arousal grow with each minute. She was desperate, but somehow she kept herself from thrusting the dildo in just the right place to make her cum endlessly.
"Ohhhh, fuck yes, I love it when you use me...I love it when you guys hack off to me," she said as the cum continued to flow. She watched, still using the dildo, as the guys rhythm slowed and eventually came to a stop, his seed drained from his body. "Ohhh, yes, I want you all to cum all over me!" She moaned. "Thank you," she said with a wink as she watched his cock disappear again into his pants.
The guy did as the two before him had done, and wiped up his mess before leaving the room, and immediately another one came in to replace him. It was her fourth of the evening.
"All right! Still going at it I see!" He announced as he walked in the room and closed the door.
"Yep, still here," she said, smiling. "I'm not even halfway done yet!" As she said those words the startling realization began to set in that she still had a long ways to go, and she already didn't know if she could make it to the finish line before she erupted in pleasure.
"Still talking dirty, I hear?" He asked.
"Yes," she replied.
"Good, because I want you to beg for it. Nothing turns me on like a hot girl telling me how much she wants my cum." He unfastened his jeans and pulled them down, along with his boxers, to expose his stiffening penis. "But first, I want to see you taste your dildo," he said. "Someone tells me you seem to like doing that."
"Sure," she said, excited at the thought of being ordered around by this guy. Thoughts of "I shouldn't be doing this" and "I would never do this if I didn't want to cum so much" filled Madison's head as she pulled the dildo out of her pussy and brought it to her lips to taste it. Opening her mouth, she wrapped her lips around the dildo as she pushed it deep inside, maintaining eye contact with the guy the whole time. She was, after all, just there to please him.
"Good, now shove it in deeper," he said. Without a word, Madison forced the fake penis into her mouth as far as it would go. She stifled a gag as she tasted her own juices, lying on her bed, back propped up on a couple pillows, legs spread, utterly humiliated.
"Ok, now get up and kneel in front of me," he said. Madison rolled off the bed and did as she was told, kneeling in front of the dresser where the laptop sat. She smiled at him, waiting for his next words.
"Good girl," he said. "Now put that dildo back in your pussy and open your mouth like you are sucking a cock." Hearing these words made Madison smile, and she eagerly lifted a leg and placed the dildo deep in her pussy before returning to a kneeling position, the dildo trapped inside of her by the pressure of her legs as she knelt. Slowly, she opened her mouth as if a cock was directly before her. She could see that the guy had placed his cock right up close, front and center, and she was to pretend to suck it. Eagerly she placed two fingers in her mouth and began to furiously lick and suck them until she wasn't sure if she would have any skin left when she was done.
"Tell me what you want," said the guy after a couple minutes of Madison sucking her fingers. She removed the fingers, and a trail of saliva was strung between her fingers and her mouth as she began to speak.
"I want to suck your cock," she said. "I want to take it in deep, as far as I can." There was a tinge of desperation in her voice as she said these words. She really did want that throbbing cock in her mouth, to feel it and to taste it, and to swallow all that came from it. "I want you to cum in my mouth, and I want to swallow every drop!"
"Well, you're going to get it," he said. He began to not only furiously stroke his cock, but also to rock it back and forth as if he were using her mouth roughly as a fuckhole.
"Mmmm, I want it," she said. "I want your cum in my mouth."
"Then beg for it," he replied. "Tell me just how much you want it and how much you need it and really beg."
Madison needed no more encouragement. She watched the guy stroke his dick passionately, roughly as she spoke her next words and waited for his load.
"Please cum in my mouth," she began. "Please use me for a hole to fuck, please pass me around and make me swallow loads from seven guys, I need all of your cum! Please, please will you cum in my mouth? I'm just a filthy, cum-addicted slut and I can't...I have to have load after load, every day. I can't go more than a couple hours without it! I live to swallow cum, please cum in my mouth!"
"Keep going slut, we're getting there," he said.
"Please please please let me taste your cum! I crave it, I crave it so much! It tastes so good, and I'm just a filthy cum slut and I need it! Please, please, I'm begging you, cum in my mouth, cum down my throat, please, I'll do whatever you want to get your load, ohhh, I need your cum! I want to swallow every drop and then I want to suck more cocks, more and more until I'm full!
"You really want this load, don't you? Well, I'm about to give it to you!"
"Yes, please, I need it! Please please cum in my mouth, please, I beg you, please just use me like the cum slut I am! Please, I need it so much, please, I will do anything to earn it! Please, it gives me a purpose, I love it and I need it and I want it all!"
With those words, the first shot of cum erupted forth like a volcano, spewing her face with the gooey mess through the computer screen. And then the next, and the next. Seeing what was happening, Madison opened wide as if to take the entire load in her mouth.
"Oh, fuck!" He exclaimed. "Fuck yeah, slut! Take my cum, you got it, you asked for it! Oh, fuck!" That was all he could manage to say as he covered her face in his sperm. He continued to stroke his cock, stating with amazement at the girl who had degraded herself before him just moments ago. And for what?What was she getting out of this, exactly? He wondered, but her didn't dwell on it as he gave his next command.
"Ok, now swallow it, and then clean off my cock."
Madison opened her mouth wide, showing him the imaginary load on her tongue, although to him, it looked as if the entire load was sitting in her mouth waiting to be swallowed, such was it situated on the computer screen. She gulped, swallowing as he wiped the cum off the computer, imagining that she had just swallowed every drop that moments ago appeared to fill her mouth to the brim.
"Thank you," she said seductively. "That was delicious! Now I want more!"
"I'll send in the next one," he said. He pulled his pants back up, just as the others before him had done. "And I'll let them know how much you want it," he said with a grin as he left.
Madison was pleasantly surprised, moments after the fourth guy left, to see two guys enter the room at once. The clamps were really hurting her nipples now, and there was a part of her that was starting to get desperate to get the guys off so she could get herself off and finally remove them. She was desperate to cum anyways; the events of the evening had turned her into an absolute sexual wreck.
Looking in the mirror at herself, Madison noticed that she looked much different than she had an hour before. Then, her hair and makeup were in their place, but now, her hair was tousled and her body was sweaty and her makeup a little smeared. "By the time I'm done I'm going to look ruined," she thought, smiling at the thought. Just then, she turned her attention back to the computer as one of the guys began to speak.
"We talked about it and we agreed we're going to jack off to you at the same time," one said.
"Yeah, it'll be like a virtual three way," the other chimed in."
"Oooohhhh, I like where this is going," said Madison in response. "So are you guys ready to cum for me? Are you ready to see what this slut can do?"
"Yeah, we've heard all about you, now it's time to find out for ourselves," the first guy said.
Madison inched closer to the computer, placing her pussy front and center, and her face farther back but still visible on the screen. While earlier she had been lying farther back so that her whole body was visible, she sat closer now, so that her legs were cut off by the edge of the screen, and only her pussy to her face was visible. Taking the dildo, she thrusted it deep inside her pussy. "You guys want to fuck me?" She asked.
In the time it took for her to prepare herself in this manner, the guys had undone their pants and grabbed their cocks, ready to enjoy whatever performance awaited them. "Yeah, I want to fuck you!" one of the guys responded to her question.
"You have another dildo by any chance?" Said the other guy.
"No, but I do have a vibrator," said Madison. "Want to see?" The guys voiced their approval and Madison disappeared for a moment, returning seconds later holding the toy she had been referring to.
"Yeah, ok, now since there are two of us, and we want this to be like a threesome, imagine one of us is fucking your mouth. Use your vibrator for that. And the other one of us will fuck your pussy, use the dildo for that. And of course a good slut like you will have your ass plugged too. Just because you like it, and you want it up the ass. How does that sound?"
"Sounds like fun," she replied. "So which one of you wants my pussy, and which one wants my mouth?"
"I'll take your mouth," said the first guy. "No talking. This cock will stay in your mouth until you drain it. You can hum yes if you need to answer a question. I don't think such a willing slut ever says no. Got it?"
"Yes, and yes, I always say yes to whatever you guys want, I'm just a little slut like that," Madison replied, and as soon as she was done, she inserted the vibrator in her mouth.
"You sure you got that? No talking, you can't talk with a dick in your mouth!"
"Mmmhmmm," Madison replied, her mouth wrapped around the vibrator. She continued to fuck her pussy; her juices were flowing out like never before and she wasn't sure how much more she could take.
"Are you a filthy slut?" Said the second guy. "Do you want us to cum all over you, in your mouth, in your pussy?"
"Mmmhmmm," said Madison.
"Are you a desperate little slut, do you need to cum too?" Said the first.
"Mmmhmmm?" Said Madison.
"Do you want all seven of us to come over and really fuck you, for real? Do you want us to use your little whore body?"
"Mmmm! Hmmm!," Madison moaned emphatically, raising her eyebrows at the guy who asked the question.
"I think we could arrange that," said the second guy again with a smile. "I think she wants it, look, she has to try to keep from cumming!" The first guy said to the second as he watched Madison's pace of masturbation slow down.
"Suck that dick, slut!" Said the second guy again. "I bet you've sucked a hundred dicks, haven't you, slut?"
"Mmmhmmm," said Madison. It was by no means true, but the thought of doing it, even if it took her all four years of college, was surprisingly arousing. In this moment, she had to wonder if she would really ever live out her fantasies of being used by several men in an evening - she would have been used by seven tonight if it weren't for the computer screen that separated them.
"Or maybe we could find about thirty guys and have her suck all their dicks in a night," said the other guy. "I bet it would drive you crazy, the slut you are."
"Mmmhmmm," replied Madison, her lips still wrapped around the vibrator, the dildo still pounding her pussy.
"Shove it all the way in, slut!" The second guy said.
Immediately, Madison shoved the vibrator all the way in until it hit the back of her throat. It pounded her mouth, making her sweat and her eyes water and her makeup run. She loathed it, but she loved the was it made her feel - especially combined with the dirty talk and the dildo and the plug and the clamps. She continues to fuck herself, the throat and her nipples both becoming more raw and more used by the minute. She could feel tears running down her face, but they only aroused her more, and she knew her makeup was a mess.
"How about this, slut - you take ten more nudes every week, and we'll make sure they get spread around the Internet," said the first guy.
"Mmmhmm," said Madison.
"You like that don't you? Being seen by thousands or millions of people? Does that turn you on, slut? Does it make you cum?
"Mmmhmm," said Madison.
"Oh fuck that's hot. I think I'm going to cum. Do you want me to cum? Do you want to taste it? You do a good job and soon you'll be tasting every drop I have!"
"Mmmhmm," said Madison. Just then, he exploded, shooting his white mess all over her face, all over her body ensconced in the computer. "Mmmmm," she moaned. "Mmmmhmmm!"
"Ok, slut, I'm done with you, but you still need to suck my cock while my friend here uses your pussy!"
"Mhmm," said Madison
"Ok, slut," said the guy using her pussy in her imagination. "Faster. Rougher. Harder. Like I would do it." Madison complied, pounding her pussy furiously with the dildo as instructed. She wasn't sure how much she could take.
"Now shove this cock all the way in and keep in there until I tell you to move it!" Said the guy whose cock she had imagined sucking. In this moment, Madison furiously fucked her pussy with a dildo and shoved a vibrator to the back of her raw, used throat. The clamps on her nipples and the plug in her ass only added to her predicament. She wasn't sure if she could take any more - a few more seconds and she was going to burst.
"Ohhh, fuck, ohhh, yes, slut, you're a fucking slut! Take my cum! Take it deep inside!" He said as he shot his stream of semen all over the place. She fucked herself as hard as she could while teetering on the edge of orgasm until the last drop of cum had made its way out of his cock. Only then did she put the vibrator down, remove the dildo, and speak.
"Thank you, thank you both for using me," she said. She really meant it, too. The guys high fived, watching the naked, used girl on the computer as they put their pants back on, then wiped up their mess and turned to leave.
"Fucking slut," said one of them as they walked out. Madison was already on the verge of cumming, and that comment had just brought her closer. She wasn't sure if she could make it through one more guy, especially if he used her as well as those two had. She would find out soon enough, as he came bounding in the door as soon as the other two had left, and within seconds, his pants were around his ankles.
"Hi there, slut," he said.
"Hi!" Said Madison with a big grin.
"I'm going to tell you all about what it's going to be like to be our slut, ok?"
"Mmmmm, sounds good, sexy," she said. She picked up the dildo, too aroused not to, and began to pound herself again.
"You are going to be our slut. You are going to do whatever we say, when we say it. Post whatever pictures we say, wear whatever we say, meet up with us when we say. Got it?"
"Yes," she replied. "Sounds hot."
"And you are going to fuck who we say, and suck who we tell you to suck, does that sound good, slut?"
"Ohhhh, that sounds amazing!"
"And we are going to turn you into a finely used, worthless piece of shit for anyone to cum to. Your pictures will be everywhere. You won't wear more than a few threads of clothing most days. You'll be as shown off as anyone. And you will like it, ok?"
"Ohhhhh, God, I'm going to love it," she replied.
"Good," he said. He was now stroking his cock, getting harder with each stroke. Madison, for that matter, was so turned on by the idea that she was starting to shake as she did everything in her power to keep herself from descending into the depths of orgasm before she had finished with the last guy.
"You're going to be everywhere, slut. You are going to fuck all the guys, all seven of us, whenever we want. And we're going to make you fuck all sorts of sick perverts. Old guys, fat guys, slimy guys. And when you are too used up for us to enjoy, we're going to sell you for a few dollars at a time to whoever is dumb enough to want to use your whore ass, got it?"
"Oh yes, oh yes, ohhhhh, yes, I need that. Yes, sell me, yes, please, just fucking use me up and sell me!" Madison was shouting now, on the edge of ecstasy.
"And we are going to turn you into a dumb bitch, we're going to make you into a porn star, we're going to give you rules you have to follow - like how many guys you have to suck off every day to keep that whore mouth in shape. And then we're going to sell you. But you won't get any of the money. You're a dumb cunt and you will do it for nothing, do it just because you need it, because you'll cum over and over again, you will need it, all of it!"
"Ohhhh, yes, I need it already. Ohhhhh, yes I want it all!"
"And you will swallow every drop of cum that comes your way. Just like this one - just like - ohhhhh, yes, you fucking whore!" The last guy came harder than any of the ones before him. He shot spurt after spurt of thick, slimy cum straight at her body. "Ohhhhh, you nasty fucking whore, you really want all that, don't you?" In that moment, as nasty as it sounded, there was a part of her that wanted every last detail of what he had mentioned.
"Come on in, guys!" He shouted, indicating that he was finished. "Now, it's your turn to get off, slut!" He said as the guys filed into the room to watch Madison make herself cum.
"We heard all of that," said one guy. "Fucking hot!"
"Yeah, you're our slut now!" Said another.
"How much do you think that beat up pussy is worth, whore?" Said another. Madison was extremely turned on. The dirty talk had taken a turn recently, plumbing the deepest and darkest of Madison's fantasies, and it spoke to her in ways she did not know she needed.
"Five...five dollars," she said, fucking herself relentlessly. "Five dollars each!"
"Five dollars?" Said one of the guys. "You'll have to take a lot of dick to make it worth our time!"
"Yes, five dollars! I'll be so used up, so worn out, so fucked to the edge that I'll only be worth five dollars, as sexy as I might look, and I'll fuck dozens of guys every, every single day, every day I'll take fifty cocks if that's what it takes to earn my keep! Fifty nasty cocks!"
"Yeah, slut, we'll find the nastiest bunch of guys we can. Mechanics, truckers, old horny gimpy fucks, nasty, fat and smelly!" Chimed in another guy. At this point the guys were just bullying her, half jeering at her and the arousal she was getting from the sick discourse.
"I want it, I want it all! Make me take thousands of slutty pictures! Put me in pornos! Gangbang me, all of you, oh, fuck yes! Over and over! Then have your friends use me...and your dads...and anyone you want! And she. I'm so used up from that, sell me, sell me, oh god yes, whore me out! Whore me! Ohhhhh, fuck, whore me! For - for - ohhhhh! For five - five measly dollars! Ohhhhh I'm a worthless whore!"
Madison erupted, moaning in pleasure as her pussy tightened around the dildo as she pounded herself with a relentless fury. She panted, moaned, and shrieked in ecstasy as she ripped the clamps from her nipples, and continued to climax as thunderous applause rained down on her from the gallery of viewers. She had never felt so humiliated in her life, and she had never felt so satisfied.
As she returned to a settled state, she realized that she looked like a total mess - her hair was frizzy and tousled, her whole body was drenched in sweat and her makeup was all over her face, mixed with tears that left her eyes for some reason she could not explain. She looked just like she felt, and it couldn't have pleased her more.
"Nice show," said the guy for whom she had originally performed. "Just so you know - we weren't really serious about doing most of that stuff to you, we just know how much it turned you on so we decided to go with it. It made it really entertaining, though."
"Yeah, it did," said Madison. She was still nude, but now sitting on her bed, calming down. The realization of what she had just done was slowly sinking in, hitting her like a ton of bricks and turning her face beet red with shame and embarrassment.
"But really, we did record the whole thing. We were just going to, you know, watch it for our own pleasure. You don't mind that, do you?"
"No, no, you guys were great. You deserve it, really. Send me a copy too, actually...it will probably make me cum for a couple weeks before I get bored with it and want something else."
"Well, if you ever get serious about this whole exposure thing, and want it posted online, just let us know. Other than that, nice show, and hopefully we'll talk later. Looks like we all need to clean up," he said, chuckling.
"Yeah. And in my case a nice big glass of water and some sleep," she said. "Sure, if I want to post it, I'll let you guys know. Thanks for everything guys!" She blew a kiss and closed the laptop.
For a moment, Madison just sat on the bed shaking her head. She was still a little turned on by what had transpired, but mostly she was in a state of disbelief. What had driven her to such behavior? She was too tired to come up with an answer. Instead, she poured a tall glass of water, finished it, poured another, took a shower, and went to sleep, dreams of her sultry behavior filling her head.