Malti Babbar stretched her body and glanced towards the screaming alarm clock, 5.30 AM it's time to get up, lazily she reached for it and punched the stop button. The early morning sun was pouring in through the window and she slowly slipped out of the bed. Without disturbing her sleeping husband, she quickly freshened up and before six o'clock she was out of the house for her regular jogging.
Outside her small bungalow was a vast stretch of greenery as they were residing in FRI complex (Forest Research Institute) at Dehradun along with her husband and a 6-year-old daughter. Her husband Ravi, a botanist was working with FRI for last six months. Malti loved the place which is full of 450 hectares of forest all around and colonial style main building at the center. In front of the main building lies a large lush green field and on sides were several offices, staff quarters and bungalows, one of which was occupied by them.
She wore a tight-fitting track pants with matching top and tied her shoulder length hairs in a ponytail. Adjusting her headphones and tuning in her favorite music she started to run towards the field. She saw the usual people walking or jogging and greeted the uncles and aunties from neighborhood. Two rounds of the large field were enough for her regular exercise. She whisked past several people out for morning walk and even the grandpas in the lot couldn't help but stare at the perfect round ass in those tight slacks. As she jogged, the round shapely ass produced an exotic view when they sway with every step she took. Malti have kept herself in a great shape with this daily routine, a 34C breast, narrow and flat abdomen and a round 36 inches of meat below her waist.
She finished her jogging and reached home around quarter to seven and after relaxing a bit she set about for her daily routine. After the quick shower, she prepared the tea and went in the bedroom.
"Rise and shine," she cheerfully spoke and kept the tea on the bedside table. Ravi listened but feeling lazy he tried to ignore until Malti climbed on the bed and shook her wet hairs on his face.
"Um... no... let me sleep," he murmured as the small drops of water splashed on his face. Malti giggled and some more drops of water sprinkled on his face. He opened his eyes and in mock anger he tried to grab her but she slipped away.
"Get up and have your tea before its cold," she spoke, "I have to wake up Rini also."
"Yeah... but first wake me up," he spread his arms for a hug.
"Get up and don't be naughty early in the morning," she giggled but slipped in his arms for a quick good morning kiss.
She went about preparing the breakfast while Ravi run around getting Rini ready for school. The hectic morning came to an end when she packed Ravi's lunch and send him off to the office. Now she has ample time to relax till her daughter is back from school at around 2.00 pm. This is the time Malti is alone and free to do whatever she wants. This is the time she went for shopping to the city as the large complex has no shops but only some offices, some residences and vast area of forests. The back of the forest area stretches far and looks as if meeting the foothills of Himalayas. She loves to walk deep in the forest, all alone with her thoughts.
Today was no exception, she walked out of house and saw the gardener busy in the small garden of the bungalow. He was a boy named Langa Dorji, not more that nineteen years old and was son of the peon working in her husband's office. To help the family he use to work as part time gardener in the bungalows.
"Good Morning Madam," he greeted Malti as she walked by him.
"Good Morning Langa, what are you doing today," she enquired.
"Just watering these plants and then will mow the lawn," he answered respectfully.
She nodded and walked towards the forest area. She wore her favorite long skirt with a top and carried just the keys of the house. She walked admiring the nature and soon the offices and the bungalows were left far behind and what was around was just tall trees and small bushes. The April sun was not hot and cool shade of the trees was chilling. She admired the hills of Himalayas far away as the cool breeze blow her skirt. The jungle was quite except for some occasional chirping of birds. She stepped behind a large tree and rested her back on the trunk. Her heart beat increased and she glanced around the place packed with trees and bushes limiting the sight to a few yards.
She fumbled with the hook on the skirt and opened them letting the skirt fall to her feet. She was standing in middle of the jungle in just her small panty and top. With increasing excitement she stepped out of the bunched skirt and slowly pulled the top out and placed it over the skirt. A squirrel squeaked and looked at her from the top of the branch.
Malti felt aroused and her nipples were tout begging to be freed and that is exactly what she did and threw the bra over the rest of the clothes. The long and pointed boobs were standing proudly on her chest with nipples so erect that they started to give an itchy feeling. She grabbed one of the titties and massaged the erect nipple between her thumb and finger. The other hand she pushed between her legs onto the wet pussy which was starting to soak the panties. She quickly pulled it out of her slender legs and threw over the pile of clothes.
Malti, a wife of a respected scientist at FRI was standing nude in middle of the jungle. She understands the danger and the scandal it would be if someone found out but this was making it even more thrilling for her. She grabbed both her breasts and pulled the nipples hard.
She looked around and strained her ears to listen for any noises which would alert her of anybody approaching, but she heard none. She looked towards the pile of clothes then slowly walked ahead on the uneven grounds. As she moved farther from clothes the danger increases and so does her excitement. She reached behind bushes, far away from her pile of clothes. If someone happened to come by she will not able to get to her clothes immediately and she will be caught totally nude, the thought itself increased her excitement. She lies down on the soft grass still massaging her boobs and pinching her nipples. She moved one hand between her legs to touch the aching clit and a groan escaped her mouth.
She spread her legs wide as if opening up for an unknown lover to get between them and fuck her brains out. The danger of being caught in such a state was making her horny, the only thought in her mind was 'If someone caught me lying spread eagle, all alone in the jungle, he will not let me go without fucking me.' She shivered with excitement and rubbed her clit vigorously.
----------------------------------------------
Malti enjoyed exposing herself since a very young age. As soon as her body started developing the boys around her started showing special interest in her and she always enjoyed the attention. She soon realized the importance of her body and what effect if causes on the opposite sex, maybe sometimes to same sex also. She enjoyed knowing that a man is drooling over her and that she is giving him a hardon. In school itself she started enjoying 'accidently' exposing herself. She gave innumerous hardons to her teachers and fellow students and she loves the fact that she was the subject of thousands of masturbations. Whenever she had such an incident where she exposes herself and knew that someone is watching, she touched herself in privacy and bring herself to a massive orgasm. Today lying in the woods naked, she rubbed her pussy imagining someone watching her and stroking his large penis.
She remembered the incident when she was young and travelling with her parents in a train. It was an overnight journey and she was wearing a knee-high skirt along with a t-shirt. The t-shirt was tight around her bust and the shape of her round boobs were producing a mouthwatering scene. She was busy reading a book when she noticed a man in the opposite seat was checking her out. He was a grown-up man in his forties and she noticed that he was surreptitiously glancing at her legs and breasts. Malti felt a chill run down her spine and she looked at her parents who were busy talking amongst themselves.
She checked herself and found that her skirt has ridden a bit over the knees as she sat on the seat with legs pulled up and folded. She innocently moved her legs a bit giving him a better glimpse of her thighs deep inside the skirt and from corner of her eyes she watched for his reaction. The man saw the movement of her legs and the delicate thighs exposed for a split second giving him deep view upto her black panties and then they were closed again, but still the skirt rode higher and he was mesmerized by the sight of her soft and creamy legs.
Malti saw awe on his face and felt the tingling sensation between her legs. She continued flipping pages of the book and in between opened and closed her legs giving him fleeting glimpses of her gorgeous thighs. At one point their eyes met and he smiled but she looked away. The game continued till it was time to sleep and Malti was on fire. Her parents took the top berth while she occupied the lower one just opposite the man.
By this time, it was clear to the man that she was deliberately teasing him and the guy didn't mind the show, but he was getting greedy for more. In the light of night bulb, he could see her lying face up and the sheets not yet pulled up. He looked intensely in her eyes and mouthed 'please.' She knew what he wanted and she felt naughty pulling up her skirt inch by inch. She kept an eye on her sleeping parents and on anyone passing through the aisle and pulled her skirt high enough to expose the triangular black panty covering her pussy. She could literally feel his gaze on her pussy. She left it like that for a long time for him to feast his eyes and only pulled it back when she heard someone walking down the aisle.
Everyone in the carriage seems to be sleeping and Malti was getting hornier and hornier. This is the first time that she has done something like this, she has never gone beyond 'accidental' exposing but this time all barriers seems to have been broken, she was playing on the 'requests' of this man. She pulled her t-shirt up and exposed her bra covered boobs and then alternated between showing her panties and bra.
Suddenly she heard a loud noise, nervously she pulled down her skirt but then realized it was snoring sound produced by his father. She giggled and saw the man was also grinning. After couple of seconds he again gestured with his hand trying to communicate through sign language, asking her to continue with the show and reveal more. Malti was a bit scared that the noise might have woken up someone so she shook her head refusing to comply. The man made a bad face and continued to coax her.
When she started to pull the sheets over her body he desperately begged not to and started to point towards the aisle. Malti was confused as she was not able to understand what he wanted. He got up from his seat and stood in the aisle and signaled her to follow him as he walked towards the toilets. She now understood that he was asking her to come to the toilets at the end of the carriage and continue the show, maybe in the toilet. She felt scared at the prospect of being alone with him, but then the excitement overpowered her, the taboo nature of the act made her breath heavy. She peeked in the gallery and saw him standing at the far end. He signaled her to come to him when he saw her looking.
Hesitantly she got up and checked on her sleeping parents, when she was sure that they were fast asleep she walked down the aisle. Her heart started to beat hard as she reached the toilets.
"Why you called me," she whispered acting all innocent.
"I was not able to look at this beautiful body in the dark over there," he too whispered in a hoarse voice, "I want to see you properly."
Malti's face turned red and she looked down at the floor unable to meet his gaze. There was no one around and he slowly opened the door of the toilet. He held the door open and looked at her meaningfully.
"Come... here no one can disturb us," he whispered. Malti's was feeling excited and nervous at the same, however she hesitantly stepped in. He closed the door behind and they were cramped in the small space.
"Show me," his voice was barely audible.
Malti was trembling as she lifted her skirt and pulled it above her waist.
"Now the panty."
She shook her head.
"Please," he whispered, "you are so sexy... now don't hide yourself... I want to see all of you."
Her heart was beating so hard that she thought the sound could be heard by her sleeping parents. After he coaxed again she let go the skirt and put her thumbs in the elastic waist band. She pulled the panty down to her knees and then inched her skirt up to reveal the soft pussy mound partly hidden in small pubic hairs.
"Ah... wow," he gasped as the pussy came into view and Malti shut her eyes tightly. He looked fixedly at the swollen pussy lips which were pressed tightly leaving a line between them and he was sure that he was looking at a virgin cunt. His cock twitched and was rock hard.
"Now the boobs."
Malti let the skirt fall and started to pull back the panty.
"No... no... let it like that," he held the skirt up, "I want to see all of you."
"Leave it," she pulled the skirt out of his grip and looked alarmed.
"Ok... Ok... no problem... but I want to see you fully nude."
She relaxed a bit when he stepped back and then she held the skirt with one hand and with other pulled the t-shirt up. He waited patiently as she slowly revealed her slim and beautiful body. She finally pulled her bra above her boobs and he got the first glimpse of her pointed boobs and the erect nipples. Malti felt very dirty in exposing to him completely.
He watched in amazement at the young beauty just two feet away and then he wanted more. He wanted to touch them, he wanted to squeeze them. With a single step he was onto her and placed a firm hand on her left boob and his other hand went around her waist pulling her tightly against him.
"No... no... leave me," she panicked and tried to move back but there was no space.
"You are amazing," he groaned while squeezing the tits, he didn't seem to listen to her protests and moved his hands over her body mauling her tits and ass. Malti was terrified now and all her playfulness vanished, she never thought that if she is alone with him he will try to take advantage of her. She cursed herself for being so foolish and literally started to fight him away.
He was in frenzy and the protests hardly have any effect on him. He had her pinned between him and the toilet wall and the pointed soft orbs on her chest were repeatedly pumped and squeezed. He tried to kiss her on lips but as she violently shook her head he was only able to lick her cheeks.
"What!!!" suddenly he realized that she was crying and fighting with him for her dear life, "what are you doing," he looked puzzled.
"Leave me... let me go," she cried, tears flowing freely.
"Why!!! What is wrong!!!"
"Let me go... please... I don't want this."
"Ohh... common don't show the attitude now, I know you want this," he brushed aside her protests and once again tried to kiss her this time he managed to grab her lip in his mouth.
"Uggg... moo... uggg...' she tried to speak but her voice was muffled. Malti was now shit scared and tried her best to avoid him hands but met with little success, his hands were now probing her cunt and spreading the lips.
"Don't worry... don't worry," he spoke in a hoarse voice and unzipped his pant.
"No... no... mummy," Malti started to howl as she realized that he was ready to fuck her, the cock rubbed between her legs.
"Shhhh... keep your voice down."
"Mummy," she howled louder.
"What are you doing... do you want to wake up the entire compartment," he tried to calm her, "I will be real slow you have no need to worry."
"No... no... leave me," she continued to fight him.
"Bitch," he tried to turn her around in order to take her from behind but he met with bitter fighting and shouting.
"What do you want," he was now a bit alarmed himself and feared someone might hear her, "Shhh calm down I am not doing anything."
As his grip loosened Malti quickly pulled her panty up and arranged her clothes while he looked at her in anger.
"Bitch... cunt," he vented his anger while she quickly opened the latch and ran out of the toilet. She almost ran to her seat and pulled the sheets over her as she sat in the corner, still panting.
The man didn't bother her after that and was gone early in the morning. The incident left Malti really scared and she promised herself never to do this again. For next one year, she never thought of exposing herself not even 'accidently' but then slowly the incident started to fade in the memory and she was tempted again, however she was careful not to let herself into such a situation. Her exhibitionism remained 'accidental' and she never ventured further than that until she was married.
She was virgin at the time of her marriage at a young age of 21. Her family was orthodox and getting the daughter married quickly was the only plan of her parents, so once she finished the college they found him a suitable match. Although Ravi was eleven years older than her but he was well settled scientist in a government job so her parents have no objection and she was married to Ravi.
Malti never felt the age gap as a problem, she fell in love with the mature and calm nature of Ravi. The first year zipped past as both of them explored each other and before they know she was pregnant with Rini and she was busy with being a mother. The urge of exhibition didn't crop up until Rini was three years old and she found a shoe salesman peeping under her saree. She felt the excitement once again and she let him feast his eyes on her smooth legs in the pretext of trying the sandals. She realized how exciting it is and then she started creating opportunities to expose herself to strangers, salesmen, etc. however she always remained in control and never let herself get carried away. She had Ravi, her husband whom she would fuck senseless in night after she had one of her 'incidents.'
Ravi's job involves transfers and six month back they were transferred to FRI at Dehradun and Malti was in love with the place at the first site. The quiet and green environment around evoked strange sensations and she broadened her exhibitionism. The afternoons were her playtime and she use to go to city and wander around the shops exposing to salesmen. Then there was her tailor, who was more than pleased to take 'measurements' of such a young & sexy wife.
One day while she walked into the jungles she had the naughty idea of taking her panty out. In the deserted stretch of the jungle she removed her panty and touched her swollen pussy lips. She felt naughty doing that in open jungle and then she sat down under a tree and rubbed herself to an orgasm. Another round to the jungle, another day, she takes it up a notch and removed her bra and panty. Slowly and slowly her risk taking increased and today she was lying totally nude in middle of the jungle with her clothes lying at least 50 meters away.
She rubbed her clit spreading her legs wide, her finger moved in circles occasionally slipping in the wet hole. Slow moans escaped her mouth as she neared climax.
--------------------------------
Ravi was sitting in his office typing the findings on his latest research about medicinal fungi when he felt a bit tired and took a break. He called for his office peon Hemal Rai Dorji and asked him to bring a cup of coffee. He has little idea that while he was in his office his lovely wife was lying naked in the woods rubbing away his pussy.
He was a meritorious student throughout his life and was very shy around girls, so during his school and college he never had a girlfriend. He was more occupied with his studies to flirt with girls and after graduation he went on to do his Phd and then joined ministry of forestry as a scientist. He thought about his beautiful wife and wondered that if this arranged marriage thing was not there he would never have won such a lovely and lively girl.
Malti was everything to him now, she was his friend, lover, caretaker and a whore in bed. Even after eight years of marriage he never felt that their sex life has diminished rather it has improved during last three years. It was a bit low when Rini was born but ever since she started to go to school he has found a renewed energy in their sex life.
Malti has maintained her figure by regular exercise on one hand and on other she was experimental in bed. Every other night she will have something new to do, she would do a strip tease for him or dress up as a school girl. She will wear sexy lingerie and would make a show taking them off, she will do something or the other to spice up the things in bed and the result is sex, almost five times a week. Ravi was often surprised at her energy and the enthusiasm she shows. He was a bit skeptical initially that he was eleven years older to her but the age difference never proved to be a problem nor did the average cock size that he has, proved to be a problem.
He knew that she was a virgin at the time of marriage as she howled with pain even with the average size cock he had and she learned everything about sex gradually with him. Although he was also a novice but the two explored each other. Ravi always found her an innocent little girl and he had no idea of her fetish, even when he witnessed a salesman having a peek of her creamy boobs.
They were out shopping and happened to be in a shoe store. Malti was trying a sandal and Ravi was busy with his daughter who was running around the shop. He was at some distance and saw his wife sitting on the stool bending forward adjusting the sandal and the salesman sitting on the floor in front of her. Suddenly he saw the 'pallu' of her saree fall down and through the deep neck blouse her boobs were visible to great depths. Even though he was at some distance but he can also clearly see the cleavage deep down. He looked at the salesman and found him staring at the site before him in an awe.
'Oh my god' he was rooted to his place and watched Malti who oblivious to everything, was busy fiddling with the sandal. It looked like she was presenting her delicious globs on platter to the salesman. Ravi was mesmerized and his first thought was for the salesman 'lucky bastard' then he thought of warning Malti. But before he could act he saw her straightening and pulling back the saree on her breasts. Ravi looked around to see if anyone else was watching but found none as the only other shopper, a lady and was facing away.
He found that his heartbeat increased and he was feeling aroused. He was distracted when Rini pulled her hand and took him to a rack to point out at a shoe she wanted. For some time he was busy with her and when he looked again at Malti he found that she was busy with yet another shoe. He was able to see her back from this point and he found that her 'pallu' again slipped from her breasts. From the look of the salesman he was sure that he is getting a delicious view.
Malti kept on trying different sandals and shoes and continued to expose her boobs to the ogling eyes of salesman. Ravi wanted to warn Malti but he was feeling aroused watching his innocent wife unknowingly expose herself in front of this man. The salesman was happily bringing shoes for her to try and enjoyed the view.
Ravi never mention this to her as he felt ashamed of himself that he knowingly allowed to continue the show. Later in the night he was excited beyond control and mauled her tits, it gives him added pleasure that the salesman could only drool over them while he can have them.
"Saab," his train of thoughts were broken as the peon Hemal Rai entered with his coffee, "your coffee."
"Yeah... keep it on the table."
"Saab I want seven days leave."
"Why where are you going?"
"Going to our village I have found a suitable boy for my daughter, so going to meet his parents to finalize her marriage," he replied.
"Ohh, ok no problem."
"My son Langa would be around he will maintain your garden and if you need he can do other chores for you too."
"That would not be required, gardening would be enough."
Hemal Rai nodded and exited his office.
------------------------------------------
Malti returned from her 'walk' in the woods, it was almost quarter past one in the afternoon and Rini was due to be back from school at two O' clock.
"How was your day dear," she enquired as Rini got down from the school bus.
Rini excitedly started narrating whatever happened at school and continued during the lunch also. After the lunch Malti put her to bed for the afternoon nap and she too slept for two hours with her.
Ravi returned around seven and Rini immediately jumped in his lap and animatedly started telling about her day. Malti was busy in the kitchen preparing the dinner.
"Hey don't bother your daddy let him relax," Malti peeped from the kitchen and scolded Rini.
"No... no... I will play with daddy," she shouted.
"Let her play I am not tired," Ravi replied.
"I don't want you to get tired now," Malti spoke meaningfully and Ravi felt a tingling sensation as he understood what she was hinting about.
Later in the night when Ravi came to bedroom after putting Rini to bed he found Malti was wearing a flimsy nighty which was reaching just below her knees. The material was so thin that he could clearly make out every curve on her body and can also see the bra and panty she was wearing. He looked at her admiringly while Malti has a mischievous smile on her face.
"This arrived today," she pointed towards the nighty, "and also what I am wearing inside."
Ravi remembered that they ordered a set of fancy bra and panty few days ago and she must be wearing the same under the nighty. Malti pushed him on the bed and stood beside with a naughty smile.
"You want to see," she asked. Ravi nodded eagerly feeling his blood rushing to his crotch. Malti stepped back a bit untying her hairs and shook her head seductively letting the shoulder length hairs fall on her back. She put on some light music and turned on the night bulb then sensually started to sway her hips. Ravi watched in dim light the little show she put up and felt his cock getting hard. Malti slowly pulled up the nighty to give him a peek at her creamy thighs and the purple panty, then quickly pulled it back. She teased him until she saw a tent building in his pajamas. She pulled the nighty all the way up and out of her head and stood before him in the purple bra and panty.
Ravi rubbed his crotch and saw that the material was so transparent that he could see the tout nipples and the fluffy pussy lips. Malti swayed and turned a full round displaying her body.
"You want more," she whispered, "then show me your hard cock."
Ravi quickly peeled his clothes off and rubbed the erect cock.
"Mmmm... lovely," she approached him and planted a kiss on his throbbing penis.
Malti continued the teasing by showing glimpses of her body and in between playing with his cock with her tongue until Ravi could take it no more and pulled her onto the bed. Malti moaned loudly as he quickly mounted her. The room was filled with the noises of lovemaking.
------------------------------------------
After sending off her husband and daughter, Malti relaxed in the verandah enjoying the weather and a hot cup of coffee. The weather was romantic with clouds in the sky and she was feeling naughty, she thought of going to shopping mall and have some fun with the salesmen. Last time, she remembered the salesman got a deep look at her cleavage, today she thought of wearing a skirt and can let him have some view down her thighs. The thought sent shivers down her spine and she felt the familiar sensation building inside her. Then she thought of her tailor with whom she was so generous that she allowed him to have a feel of her boobs while taking measurement. She remembers that his hands were trembling and a big bulge was visible in his pants. She finished the coffee but was still not able to decide where to go.
Finally, it was late and she decided to have a walk in the forest. Wearing a jean and a top she locked the house. Langa was as usual working in the lawn and she enquired about his family etc., then she walked towards the woods.
The sky was partially filled with clouds and the sun was playing hide and seek in the clouds. Malti reached her usual spot and started to slowly undress, the cold breeze make her nipples stood erect. After keeping all her clothes below a tree, she walked naked on the grass slowly playing with her pussy and nipples.
She was lost in her fantasies, eyes closed, legs spread wide and two fingers buried deep in her pussy when she heard rustling sound close to her. She opened her eyes and saw a large snake was coiled between her spread out legs. Her eyes spread out in fear as she saw him brandish his tongue.
"Mummmmy...." She screamed on top of her lunges as her body trembled and she was unable to move. Her eyes were fixated on the creature which appeared to be looking at her cunt believing it to be the opening of his pit.
"Oh God help me... please go away," the creature was so close to her that she feared even to move a muscle.
Suddenly from nowhere a man appeared beside her, he was holding a stick with which he scooped the snake and sent him flying into the bushes.
"Oh God... Oh God," she was still trembling.
"He is gone," he spoke. Malti looked at him for the first time and her heart sank as she recognizes Langa.
"O my god... O my god," she trembled and tried to cover her boobs and pussy with her hand while he looked on at the naked wife.
"My clothes," she was barely able to say these words.
"I'll bring them," he said and ran towards where she has kept her clothes.
Malti was feeling numb and her mind was not working, 'he has been watching me,' was all that he could think.
Langa was quickly back with her clothes, but sitting naked in the woods it felt like eternity for Malti. She quickly got up and started to dress. In the haste she tripped while putting the panty on and fell face forward. Langa was standing in good position and he didn't let her fall on the ground and held her in his arms.
"Leave me..." she spoke in a wobbly voice as she felt his hands on her naked shoulders and waist. Langa let her balance herself and watched as she quickly dressed and rushed towards home.
------------------------------
Malti almost ran to her home. She was looking behind to see if Langa was following her but he was not to be seen. By the time she reached home she was able to regain some of her composure.
"O God... O God," she was shaking as she locked the door, "What was he doing there... of all the people... this Gardner... Langa... how could I ever face him again."
She sat on the couch and tried to catch her breath. The more she thought about it, the more foolish she felt and she cursed herself for being such a stupid ass. Now the whole idea of getting naked in the jungle seems so absurd, she always thought that she would know if someone is approaching and could hide or something, but she never expected what happened today.
Malti spent the afternoon locked in the house and thinking about the incident. 'He came forward when she shouted for help, it means he was watching me masturbating all this time,' she helplessly crushed the cushion in her hand. She shivered at the thought that Langa must be boasting about this to his friends and that he has touched her naked body almost hugged her. She was lost in her thoughts and almost forgot to pick up her daughter from bus stop.
Rini was chirping as usual as she walked her home, however Malti was quiet and was looking around as if everyone around knows her dark secret. Everything was normal and she gained some confidence, 'even if he tells no one will believe him,' she consoled herself.
By evening she was restless again. It was time for Rini to go out in the park and play with her friends and Malti usually accompany her. While Rini played, she uses to chat with other ladies in the park. But today she was not interested in chatting, her eyes were looking for Langa. She knew he must be working in some other bungalow. She casually walked on looking into the lawns of other bungalows for any sign of Langa.
Then she spotted him cleaning a flower bed. Walking close to the fence she hoped he will look at her so that she can signal him, but he was busy and didn't raise his head.
"Langa," she called him after mustering enough courage.
"Yes Madam," he saw her and quickly came to the edge of the fence.
"I need to have a word with you."
"Sure madam," he looked on.
"Not here," she looked around, "over there," she pointed towards a deserted lane and walked on. After sometime she heard hurried footsteps behind her.
"What were you doing in the forest," she spoke as he came beside her. She cannot look him into eyes and continued to walk.
"I... I... was there," he stammered.
"I know you were there... but why?"
"I use to follow you."
"You mean earlier also you have followed me," she was terrified, "Why?"
"I saw you going into the woods and I was worried because it is not safe, we have often seen Leopards coming to these parts of the jungle... so I followed you... in case..."
'O God,' he has been watching her all the time and she has no idea.
"You mean you would have saved me if Leopard attacked," she giggled nervously.
"Yes sure... I would have," he replied confidently showing a machete hidden in his pants.
Malti didn't know what to say, she nervously fidgeted and kept on walking without realizing that they have walked into bamboo bushes which were hidden from the road.
"I never wanted to spy on you... I just followed you to warn you... but... but... when I saw you... I didn't... I don't want to interrupt," he spoke slowly while Malti looked at the ground.
"I hope you have not told this to anybody," she spoke.
"No madam... I can never do that," he quickly replied.
Malti relaxed feeling the sincerity in his voice and also that he was behaving respectfully as he used to. Not a cheap glance or a sleazy comment, as Malti was dreading.
"Thanks a lot... please don't tell anyone," she spoke meekly.
"I would never do that."
"You are so sweet... Madam," he spoke getting closer to her.
Malti first time looked at him closely and found him to be just about her height, a bit shorter for a man, but was sturdy built. He had strong arms and legs and the facial feature were of southeast Asian with short eyes and flat nose, looked sweet and innocent to her. His ancestors migrated from Bhutan long time back. The manual work he did showed in his physic and as she glanced down she saw a bulge in his pant.
'Is he having a boner,' she thought and realized that just couple of hours back she was totally nude before him and probably he has never seen another woman naked. The thought made her feel ashamed as well as aroused.
Langa was so close to her that he can smell her scent, he can feel the heat emanating from her body and he was not able to control himself. He moved one hand on her back and pulled her in his strong embrace.
"What... what," she was taken aback.
Langa had one hand on her ass and pulled her sharply into him. Malti felt his hard cock on her thigh and before she could react she felt his other hand on the back of her head.
"No... no... what are you doing," she squealed and shook her head left and right as he tried to kiss her lips. Her boobs pressed flat onto his chest.
"What do you think you are doing," Malti shouted and pushed him hard.
"Madam... Madam," he was in a frenzy and managed to kiss her cheeks.
"Let me go immediately," she started hitting him on chest.
Langa was startled and his grip on her ass loosened. Malti quickly pushed him back and looked fiercely in his eyes.
"How dare you!!!" she shouted.
"Madam..." he tried to speak but she cut him off.
"What do you think!!! If you have seen me naked, you have the right to fuck me?" she was panting in anger while Langa looked on like a scared puppy.
"No madam," he looked down.
"I will kill you if you ever touch me," and she stomped back towards her bungalow.
---------------------------------------
"Today lot of school children visited FRI and I showed them the museum," Ravi was telling about his day but Malti's mind was still occupied by the thoughts of the day's events. She absentmindedly nodded to whatever he was saying.
'He must be thinking that I am some kind of cheap woman who will be willing to take any cock that comes her way or else he would not have dared to touch me,' she thought and continued to cook the dinner.
Malti went to bed after finishing dinner while Ravi was with Rini telling her some bedtime story. By now her anger was subsided and her mind was working differently, 'he has been watching me doing all those nasty things for so many days, OMG, I have masturbated several times,' she felt ashamed, 'he had a hard on and I was staring at it no wonder he thought I wanted him.'
When Ravi joined her in bed she was imagining Langa watching her hidden in the bushes and was getting excited. When Ravi put a hand on her back she snuggled close to him. He didn't have to ask twice for she was already wet. She put her face on the pillow and went prone asking Ravi to fuck her doggy style. At the peak of copulation, she felt as if Langa has a grip on her ass and when she had orgasm his face was in her mind.
They cuddled together after the satisfying sex when Ravi spoke, "You know my peon Hemal Rai, he will be on leave from tomorrow, he is going to his village to fix his daughter's marriage."
"Then?"
"Then... I have to run the household errands, he was a good help."
"Ohh... Ok."
"Although he offered that his son Langa can do the chores but I don't like this boy so I refused."
"Why? Langa seems to be a nice boy, why you hate him," she spoke cautiously.
"I don't hate him, but I have heard that he is not a nice guy, its only because of his father that I allowed the gardening job so that it will help him financially for the marriage of his daughter," he spoke.
"What have you heard," Malti was curious.
"I don't know if it's true or not but some of the staff said that he was involved with the wife of one of the FRI's officer and he even got her pregnant. It seems that the husband was not having good number of sperms to father a child and her getting pregnant made the husband aware of her relationship."
"Ohh... then."
"Then this officer got himself transferred to another place and I don't know what happened, but many neighbors got the whiff of the things before they left."
"Humm," that made Malti a bit nervous.
"I am not sure if it is true but people in staff swore... anyway I don't like his overall appearance either, so just want to have as little as possible connection with him."
Malti nodded but she lay awake for a long time and finally when she slept she had dreams of Langa impregnating her.
-------------------------------------------------
Next three days went uneventful. Langa came for work as usual and stuck to his work only and didn't tried to come near to Malti or talk to her. Malti was apprehensive initially and was thinking of the ways to handle him if he tried to come onto her, but her fears proved wrong and Langa didn't tried anything. During this period she remained at home and saw him working in the garden.
She was very much relaxed now and felt that whatever her husband said about him must be rumors only, he looks so innocent. Although she has seen him checking her out whenever she was in the garden, but this didn't annoy her rather she felt proud.
On fourth day Langa was working in the backyard and collecting the home-grown tomatoes while Malti watched him working from the kitchen window. He collected basketful of tomatoes and knocked on the kitchen door to give it to her.
She opened the door, "put it in the refrigerator."
"I am sorry madam," he spoke putting the tomatoes in the fridge.
"Sorry for what."
"The way I behaved the other day," he spoke looking down.
"It's ok," Malti felt happy that he was behaving like a gentleman.
"Would you like to have some tea," she spoke happily as she felt a burden lifted from her chest.
"No... no... Madam, please don't bother," he spoke hesitantly and got up to leave.
"Sit down," she ordered, "it's no trouble I was going to make for myself."
"Thank you, Madam," he looked elated.
"Remember to always behave like a good boy... Ok."
He nodded and both of them continued to make small talks until the tea was boiled.
"Here," she handed him a cup.
"Madam can I ask you a question if you promise not to get mad," he spoke.
"What," she was a bit skeptical.
"Why you stopped going to jungle."
"Are you mad," she was furious, "after I know you will follow me, you think I am stupid to go there."
"Please madam don't get angry, I will not follow you."
"No need to be so generous," she scorned, "I am not going there."
Langa nodded quietly and sipped the tea. Malti was furious, ashamed as well as aroused all at once.
"You had fun watching me, didn't you?"
Langa kept quiet. Suddenly Malti had an idea.
"Ok now it's your turn to get naked."
"What?"
"Yeah, you heard me... get your clothes off... it is quite fair that as you have peeped on me now it's my turn to watch you."
"No Madam," he looked nervous.
"What no? Now get up and close that door," she pointed towards the kitchen door.
He looked unbelievably towards her but found she was serious. After Malti shouted at him he quickly closed the door. She made him follow her to the guest bedroom.
"Now off with your clothes," she spoke and sat on a recliner. Langa stood there looking at her sheepishly while Malti enjoyed his nervousness.
After Malti persuaded him couple of times he took his shirt off and his hairless strong chest came into view. She looked at the broad shoulders and fair smooth skin and was surprised that it looked good.
Next, he unhooked the pant and let it fall on the floor, inside he was wearing a home stitched long underwear. Malti smiled looking at the underwear and felt happy that he was embarrassed. He stood there motionless.
"Now take that thing off," Malti scolded. She was feeling like having a revenge of short, in shaming him.
He undoes the cord of the underwear and it fell on the floor.
"Ahh hum," she looked at the impressive cock and was speechless for a moment. The semi erect cock hung between his legs and it was thick. It looked like the rest of his body, strong and sturdy and was hanging between his legs, coming out of thick bush of black hairs with the big balls hanging behind. Malti was surprised to see his cock as she expected it to be boyish. She moved her gaze to his face as she felt embarrassed that she was staring at his cock. The idea was to make fun of him and not the other way around.
"What is this with the bush... can't you keep it clean," she taunted finding nothing else to say.
He nodded still looking at the floor. Malti's gaze returned to his cock, it was not erect but still looked impressive. She has not seen a cock other than her hubby except some in porn movies. She could not help but compare it with Ravi, 'It must be even bigger when erect,' she thought and immediately felt ashamed. What next, she had no idea what to do now. 'Must ask him to dress and leave,' she thought but didn't speak and kept on staring at his nude body.
Langa felt ashamed initially to be naked like this but slowly he lost his inhibition. He saw Malti looking at his cock intently and felt happy. He slowly caressed it and pulled the foreskin back.
"Ahem," she cleared her throat, "what are you doing."
He kept quiet but slowly stroked his cock looking at the hot wife in front of him.
"Is this what you do when you saw me in the jungle," she giggled.
"Yes Madam," he spoke in a low voice.
"Do it... make it big," she wanted to see the erect cock.
"Madam in jungle I saw you nude but now you are fully clothed, this won't get hard."
"Shut up.... Do you think I will get naked for you?"
"Please Madam... I want to see your lovely body.... You are so hot," his voice was hoarse imagining her naked.
"Shut up," she wanted to sound angry but was barely able to speak. Getting nude for an audience was her thing, a kink which leads her to do unthinkable.
"You will not try to touch or I will kill you," she speaks making up her mind.
Langa quickly nodded not believing his good luck.
Malti's heartbeat increased as she fidgeted with her long skirt. What is she doing? or why is she doing? she had no answer, all she could think of was, how hard this will make him. As she lifted her skirt above her knees she could feel the piercing eyes of Langa on her body and she felt very ashamed of herself.
Langa stroked his cock which was rapidly inflating as those two smooth pillar of thighs were exposed. He has never see another woman who has such an amazing body. Malti naturally has less body hairs and on top of it she also uses to have a bikini wax regularly.
She arched her body on the recliner and felt like a cheap whore and the look of pure lust on the face of Langa made her groan in pleasure. She wanted that her audience is aroused by her body. This is much better than doing alone in the jungle. She remembers the last time she deliberately exposed in front of a man in the train and he tried to rape her but today she is in control.
She looked at his fully erect penis. It was large and thick, like a log in between his legs. She cannot help but compare it with her husband's cock, while she never felt that Ravi's cock was small but looking at this large phallus she shivered imagining it stretching her tight pussy. While Ravi's cock was dark in color this one was white with pink bulbous head. The skin looked smooth and tight, the length must be an inch longer than Ravi but the most amazing part is the girth which must be double the size of Ravi.
"You want more," she groaned.
"Yess... yes madam."
She bunched her skirt at her waist and spread her legs wide, "Remember you cannot touch me," she repeated her warning.
Langa nodded, his face was a mix of pleasure and torture. He has looked at her nude body many times in the jungles but it was nothing in comparison to this, when this goddess of a women knowingly exposing herself to him. He wanted to take advantage of whatever she is willing to give and not to jeopardize his chances by acting against her will.
His gaze was fixed at the lovely mound between her legs covered by a red panty. He saw a letter 'R' engraved in the middle of the panty and just below the letter he could visualize the thick pussy lips. Precum oozed out of the tip of his cock as he stroked it.
She hooked both her legs on the arm rest of the recliner and spread wide. Langa noticed the damp spot on his panty,
"Take it out," he moaned.
Malti looked at him with her half-closed eyes and nodded. She caressed her pussy mound and then put both her thumbs in the waist band of his panty. She lifted her ass a bit and slide down the panty out of her legs and threw it on the floor.
Langa soaked in the sight of the beautiful and hairless pussy. The thick lips were sticking together hiding the labia within. Malti moved her fingers over the lips and parted them.
"Did you masturbated when you saw me in jungle."
"Yesss."
"Then do it now," she asked and watched him as he increased his pace of stroking. She herself inserted one finger and then the second, inside her pussy and started to play with herself.
Both of them watched each other pleasuring themselves and got more and more excited. Malti was pleased to watch the carnal desire on the face of this boy. The room was slowly filled with moans of Malti while he wanked without noise.
"Ahh... ssss...ouuu," Langa moaned softly as the first jet of cum landed on the floor. Malti also reached her peak watching him spurting cum and closed her eyes in ecstasy.
When she opened her eyes, she saw Langa standing with his cock in his hand and cum splashed over the floor. He was unsure of her reaction and looked sheepishly towards her.
Malti gave him a reassuring smile, "go and fetch the tissue box from kitchen."
She put back her panty and watched Langa get dressed. He looked very happy, like he has climbed Mount Everest.
----------------------------------------
After Langa left she regretted for what she had done but the more she thought about it the more aroused she became and ended up masturbating again before her daughter arrived from school.
She had cum twice since morning, however when she was in bed with Ravi she was horny again and literally attacked him. Ravi was happy to find her so aroused, she climbed on him and fucked his brains out.
After the most intense cock breaking experience, Ravi was resting when she broached the subject of Langa.
"You know in few days his sister would be getting married and they would be having a function at home but he has no decent clothes to wear."
"Humm ok... you can give him some of my old clothes," he replied.
"What you want me to give him your old clothes and you expect him to wear them for the wedding," she spoke in an agitated tone.
"Oye... Oye, what are you getting so upset for, people always give their old clothes to their servants," he looked surprised.
"You said you wanted to help your peon for the marriage and this is not the way to help by giving out old useless clothes like people give to beggars, besides your clothes may not fit him," she replied.
"I guess you earn enough that we can spend few thousand rupees," she was still upset.
"Ok... ok... money is not a problem."
"Then what is the problem," she was adamant.
"Nothing, you buy him new clothes... ok."
"Humm, I guess it's because you don't like him," she spoke.
"Come on, you know it's not true," he somehow wanted to end this discussion.
"You know.... I talked to him about that officer's wife and him"
"What!!!" he turned towards her on his elbow, "you talked about his affair."
"Yeah and guess what? He didn't deny it but the truth is he didn't seduce her but she tricked him into this. They wanted fun that is why the wife fooled him, even her husband knows about it and was into this. Once she got pregnant and the relationship came to light she dumped him."
"O God!!! You talk to him about all this, are you out of your mind?"
"Why, what is wrong with it, at least I found out the truth," she looked at him in surprise.
He shook his head unbelievingly, "anyway it's true then that he made that wife pregnant and that's makes him a cheap guy who is willing to go after married women and I don't like this type of guys."
"Well it's your opinion but for me he is innocent as that woman used him."
He shrugged his shoulders and the conversation ended.
--------------------------------------
Next day Malti tried to keep herself in control as she didn't want a repeat of yesterday. She knew that if she continues to expose to him things will go further and she would be tempted for more. Langa came to work at his usual time and looked very happy. He started his work in the backyard but was clearly distracted, he keeps on looking at the house to have a glimpse of her. He smiled when he saw her in a night gown but Malti kept a straight face.
She was having a hard time controlling herself as whenever she saw him looking at her in lust, she felt like teasing him and wanting to find out how hard he is. Langa was looking for an opportunity to talk to her and maybe more but she stayed reserved. Finally, he came to the kitchen door and knocked.
"What?" she enquired.
"Can I get a glass of water," he asked and Malti opened the door. She pointed at the fridge and asked him to help himself.
"Madam... today I have shaved... upto my balls," he spoke hesitantly.
"Ok, good for you," she replied but this was not the reaction he was expecting. He took a long time fetching the bottle and then glass, hoping for some encouragement from her. Malti knew what he wanted and it was turning her on. "I cannot continue this,' she thought, "I am a respected married woman and he is a low status servant.' But then, "I am not fucking him or betraying my husband... just some innocent fun,' she reasoned with herself.
"I haven't showered today," she spoke casually and Langa looked at her in a confused manner.
"So, I am going to take the shower now," she spoke and walked out of the kitchen looking him in the eyes.
"Lock the kitchen door," she shouted from the living room.
She knew he would follow her and she didn't lock the bathroom door.
Langa understood the signal and quickly closed the door and followed her to the bedroom. He heard the sound of running water coming from the attached bathroom and saw her gown lying discarded on the floor. He found the door slightly open and his cock started to grow in anticipation.
He pushed the door and his cock sprang to full attention at the sight. Malti was standing under the shower, fully nude. Her white body shining as the water ran down the smooth surface. He grasped in the sight of the most voluptuous woman he has ever seen, the pointed milky boobs stood straight with nipples protruding like pencil erasers, a toned flat stomach and round big ass. His eyes followed the droplets of water flowing down her stomach onto the perfect V between her legs and then running down those shapely thick thighs. He was desperate to feel those thick pussy lips between his palm, he so badly wanted to part them and rub between them. But he knows better not to rush or to lose whatever he is getting.
Malti saw him watching and felt the very familiar carnal desire to display herself, building inside her. She picked up the soap and started rubbing it over her body. She made an effort to make a show out of it by rubbing the soap all over her neck, boobs, abdomen and finally between her legs. Langa meanwhile got rid of his clothes and stroked his very painfully erect cock.
Malti saw the shaved pubic and felt that the cock looked even bigger now. She wanted to touch it, feel the girth and length between her hands but she immediately shook the thoughts out as she knew that if she touches him then he will also be encouraged to touch her and the things will be out of control. She didn't want to cheat on her husband, she does not want to fuck him, she reassured herself.
"Oops," the soap slipped out of her hand. She felt real slutty bending down with her back to him. Langa felt his heart will stop beating when he saw her bend down and her ass opened to reveal the soft puckered ass hole and pussy. He gasped for air, just two steps and he could grab that waist and pull it over his cock. The pussy looked so tight he was sure that it will milk him dry in no time.
"Madam," he groaned as if in pain and started to stroke in frenzy. Malti stayed in bending position longer that required and enjoyed the effect it had on him. She straightened and went under the shower and smiled seductively while rubbing around her tits.
After thoroughly washing herself she closed the shower and looked for the towel which was hanging where Langa was standing. She simply stretched her hand for it.
"Yes madam," Langa quickly grabbed it and try to give it to her.
"Good boy," she cooed and turned around presenting her back to him, "put it on my back."
"Yesss... Yesss."
Langa put the towel on her back with trembling hands and she started to dry herself. He watched in amazement as she rubbed her boobs dry and then her legs and pussy. Finally, after drying herself completely she hanged the towel on his erect cock.
Giggling, she walked out of the bathroom and went to the almirah in the bedroom to dress up. Langa followed her and watched her fetch clothes from almirah.
"Are you free today around three," she asked him.
"Yes," he looked at her questioningly.
"We will go to the market, I want to buy you some clothes," she spoke and pulled the panty up her legs.
Langa watched in awe as she looked all the more beautiful with the black panty over her white ass. "But why? I have clothes," he spoke.
"I know but I want to buy you some as your sister's marriage is in few weeks and I want you to have some new clothes."
"It's not necessary madam," he replied feeling shy in accepting gifts from her.
"Just shut up and be here at three," she shut him up.
Langa nodded in agreement and watched her put on a matching black bra over her pointed boobs. She walked to the dressing table and started combing her hairs. Langa noted that her black panty had a letter 'R' embroidered with white threads.
"Madam, what is this 'R' on each one of your panties," he asked.
"R stands for Ravi, my husband and it means that this belongs to him," she pointed towards her pussy, "always remember it."
Langa nodded, however he didn't seem to agree with it, 'only a matter of time, very soon you will have my 'L' there,' he thought.
-----------------------------------------
Rini was jumping in joy as her mother told her they would be going to a mall and she finished her lunch quickly without any fuss. Malti drove to the city with Langa and her daughter and stopped at the largest shopping mall of the city.
"What kind of clothes you like," she asked Langa, but he looked confused.
"No problem, I will pick for you," she smiled as they enter a readymade garments shop. Langa was lost in that beautiful smile, the white teeth shine as she smiled and the dimples on the cheeks made her look the cutest girl on earth. She walked holding the hand of her daughter and Langa was wondering how on earth this elegant lady can behave like a slut when alone with him.
Malti was wearing a tight jean, equally tight shirt and high heels. The jean was so tight that it looked like a second skin and every curve of her body was accentuated. She walked into the shop with a slight sway of her hips, closely followed by mesmerized Langa.
She selected few pants, shirt, jeans and t-shirts and asked Langa to try them. He came out of the trial room wearing a pant and shirt.
"Ummm, looking good," Malti remarked examining him closely. She stood close to him facing the mirror.
"What do you say," she asked looking at the image of the two in the mirror.
"Yes good... but they are very expensive," he was hesitating.
"You are not allowed to look at the price tag, you just concentrate on the clothes," she put her arm around him.
"Now you look like my boyfriend," she laughed out loud while Langa's grinned.
She picked up three sets of pants, jeans and shirt and have him wear one of them while the old one's were packed. While making payment Langa noticed that she has also picked four trunk style underwear for him. He looked questioningly towards him but she just smiled.
Once they walked out Rini dragged them to food court for ice-cream. While having ice-cream she saw the poster of Angry Birds movie and started insisting for watching it.
"Mummy please I want to watch this movie, everyone in my class has," she started to throw tantrums when Malti tried to postpone it to Sunday. Finally, she agreed and asked Langa to fetch three tickets. Langa was very happy at the prospect of going to a movie with her.
When they reached inside the movie was about to start and it was dark, it took few minutes for the eyes to get use to the lights and Malti held Langa's hand as they walked towards there seat. The hall was mostly empty and their seats were at the far back corner of the hall. He continued to hold her hand till they reach their seats and even when seated he didn't let go.
"Now you can leave it," she whispered mischievously.
"Yes... yes," he let go her hand.
Malti sat in middle of both of them and found that there was no one nearby, the few other spectators were scattered in the large hall. Once the movie started, Rini was busy watching but she didn't enjoy watching animation movies so she started to look around and slid towards Langa who was also not interested in movie and was looking at her.
She felt naughty and whispered, "take it out."
"What," although he understood but he wanted to be sure that she meant that only.
"Your cock."
Langa felt a twitch in his cock and blood started to flow to his groins. He quickly opened his pant and pulled out the semi erect cock. Malti looked at the piece of meat lying on his thighs, she wanted to touch it, feel it in her hands. There was a voice in her head which warned her but she felt in control and touching it didn't seemed to be a big deal. She reached for it and grabbed it in her fist.
"Ohh," a low groan escaped Langa's mouth as he felt the soft hand gripping his cock. He was pleasantly surprised and his cock started to grow hard as he saw the slender fingers with red painted nails around his shaft.
It grew to its full proportions in seconds and filled Malti's fist completely. It felt so big, so thick, she was not able to close her palm around it. She admiringly moved her hand over the entire length. Malti kept her eyes on the screen and started to play with the cock.
Langa was in heaven as he enjoyed the sensation caused by her soft manipulations. Malti glanced around to see if anyone could watch what she was doing but found no one nearby who could notice. She squeezed the meat and saw a drop of precum oozed out, she moved her thumb over it and rubbed the liquid over the bulbous head.
She slowly caresses the balls and saw him getting impatient. He held her hand and tried to speed up but she pushed away his hand.
"Easy boy," she giggled, "do you want to cum," she asked.
"Not yet," but he held her hand again and asked to pump faster.
She started to give him a slow and sensuous hand job and enjoyed the feeling of warm and pulsating cock in her hand. Langa was now almost leaning onto her with his head resting on her shoulder. He had his hand on her arms and was caressing it slowly. He was apprehensive that she will push his hand away but when she did not he became bolder and started to move it further towards her chest. When he touched the breasts, she caught hold of his hand.
"No, someone may notice."
He was happy with the response, it was unlike what it used to be whenever he tried to touch her. He keeps on bringing back his hand to her chest and stomach.
"Wait," she pulled out a shawl from her bag and covered herself from neck and below. A part of the shawl also covered Langa's lap and hidden his cock from any preying eyes.
Langa almost jumped as he understood the meaning of her covering them with shawl, he quickly inserted his hand inside her top and cupped the soft balls on her chest.
"Ahh... slowly," she cried out but Langa was in a frenzy, he started to pump both the orbs as if there is no tomorrow. Malti quivered and pumped harder at the shaft. The two of them continued to explore each other under the shawl and Malti was getting carried away. She felt no control when Langa opened the button of her jeans and spread her legs to give him free access to her pussy.
Malti was breathing in short spurts as first time she felt his hard hands on her body. He was leaning so close to her that she could feel his hot breath on her neck. He rubbed his thick finger between her pussy lips and moved his head inside the shawl to take one of the tits into his mouth.
Malti felt him tensed and he sucked her boobs harder, she knew that he was about to cum. She increased the pace and Langa shivered as the first jet of cum went flying and landed on the seat in front. The other spurts landed on her fingers as she continued to pump and milk him.
"Here," she handed him her bag, "take out the tissues."
Langa fumbled through the bag while Malti squeezed the last drop of cum from his cock.
"Not this you fool!!! This is a sanitary napkin," she whispered and Langa again rummaged through the bag and found the tissues. --------------------------------------------
After reaching home Malti was again feeling guilty for losing control over herself and going too far with Langa. She was lost into thoughts when Ravi arrived from office.
"Daddy... daddy," Rini jumped into his lap and started narrating the day's events, "we watched Angry Birds today," she told happily.
"Ohhh no... you watched without me," he teased her.
"Yes, and Langa bhaiya (brother) also watched with us and you missed it," she spoke innocently.
"What!!! Langa watched with you."
She nodded and started telling him about the movie but his thoughts were focused on Langa and Malti. After playing with Rini for some time he went to kitchen to have a word with Malti.
"What is this Malti? You went out for a movie with Langa!!!" he sounded annoyed.
"Yeah."
"What do mean 'Yeah,' are you out of your mind going out to a movie with this loathsome creature," he was furious.
Malti was shocked with his sudden outburst and choice of words for Langa, she too got annoyed, "what is wrong with it he is a human being and it's not like I went out to fuck him," she shouted.
"Do you understand that if anyone known saw you with him, they will just say that."
"Ohh!!! So you are worried because of what people will say and have no problem if I actually fuck him, Ok darling husband I will do it very secretively," she spoke sarcastically.
Ravi rubbed his hands helplessly, "you are twisting my words, I didn't mean that."
"Rini was insisting to watch the movie when we went for shopping and I cannot just shoo him away... AND DON'T SHOUT AT ME," she stomped out of the kitchen while Ravi stood there not knowing what to do.
No one spoke after that and during dinner there was bitter silence between them. After Ravi put Rini to bed and reached the bedroom he found that Malti was busy with her stitching machine and was carving something on her panty. He sat down on the bed wondering what went wrong and how to end this stalemate.
Malti on the other hand was still mad at him, partly due to feeling that he is not trusting her and partly because it is true and she was guilty. She remembered what happened at the movie hall and felt ashamed, however she was too headstrong to admit that she is wrong. She continued to stitch.
Ravi waited for her to finish whatever she was doing and after sometime she got up from the chair and started to change her clothes for bed. She appeared before him in a white panty and bra, it was from the set they have ordered online few days back. Ravi was relieved when he saw her like this and thought she was ready to patch things, but he never thought what he saw.
As Malti moved closer he clearly saw what she was stitching on her panty, with red color thread an 'LD' was carved on the panty covering her pussy. His face turned red with anger as he understood the meaning of 'LD', Langa Dorji.
"Bitch," he groaned and jumped from bed to catch her but she was anticipating it and quickly ran around the bed and looked at him defiantly.
"Bitch... let me get hold of you," he ran towards her but she kept away from him by running around the bed.
"This is what you are accusing me of," she pointed towards the letters on her panty.
"I am not accusing anything but you are now acting like a bitch," he again tried to get hold of her.
"I never thought that you would be so narrow minded... from day one you don't like that boy because of some stupid rumor and you don't trust your wife."
"I am not narrow minded... I just told you that it will not look nice if people see you with him and there would again be rumors about you and him."
"I don't care," she shrugged her shoulders.
"But I do care," he raised his voice.
"Ok darling... then I will fuck him discretely," she spoke sarcastically.
"Bitch..." he cursed again and looked at the letters on the panty. Malti put one finger on it when she found him looking at the letters and pushed it in, the letters seemed to be pushed inside her pussy.
"Ummh," she made an animated moaning sound to further enrage him.
"Please don't make a mountain of a molehill," he spoke.
"I am angry because of your cheap thinking... and what if it's true... what if I am really fucking Langa... what will you do?"
Ravi did not know what to say.
"Well think over it and do whatever you want to do believing that I am fucking him, I cannot tolerate a suspicious husband," she spoke and climbed on the bed.
Ravi stood beside the bed for some time then he too sprawled beside her. Several minutes passed and no one spoke then he moved towards her and grabbed her panty and pulled it out of her legs.
"Take it out and you will never wear it again," he spoke while Malti had a victorious smile.
They ended the argument with a make-up sex later.
---------------------------------------
Next morning after Ravi and Rini left, Malti was alone and she thought about how she behaved with Ravi, how unreasonable she was. Although her hubby doesn't know what was actually happening between her and Langa still he was right in questioning her and her guilty conscious made her react the way she reacted. She kept on feeling guilty the whole morning.
But when Langa arrived for his work she again started to feel butterflies in her stomach. She remembered how big and hard his cock was and how it swelled in her hand.
"Good morning madam," Langa greeted her as he entered the kitchen. Malti just nodded in reply and noticed that he looked very happy and why not only yesterday she had given him a handjob. She saw he already had a bulge in his pant.
Her subconscious mind was warning her that she has already gone too far with this boy and she should not risk her marriage over some stupid fun. This isn't game anymore its serious adultery if she continues to play with him. Ravi is already suspicious, what if he finds out? He would surely be hurt and even her marriage would be in jeopardy. But then her evil mind convinced her that her husband would never find out.
She looked at Langa who was leering at her, "What are you doing in the kitchen, don't you have any work in the garden."
"I am admiring you," he had a disobedient grin on his face.
"I am noticing that you are becoming very bad these days," she spoke.
"All because of you," the grin never left his face, "why are you wearing so many clothes," he looked at the long gown she was wearing.
"Shut up, I am not here to put up a show for you every day."
"Oaa..." he made a bad face.
"I am not like the other woman you fucked and impregnated."
"Certainly, madam you are not like her... you are special... beyond words," he looked admiringly towards her.
She felt happy when he praised her. She walked towards the living room while Langa followed her looking at the round swaying ass, he could make out the panty lines under the thin material of the gown. He felt a strong urge to grab those soft globs and pull her onto his cock. Malti sat on the chair while he sat down on the floor beside her feet trying to look under the gown.
He gestured her to pull up the gown.
"You are totally mad," she giggled, "go outside and work in the garden."
"Please madam, I want to see those creamy legs."
"Shut up...." She felt the adrenaline rush and looked around the room as if to be sure that they were alone. She felt a bit guilty as she saw the picture of her husband in the photo frame on the side table, but then the lust took over. She saw Langa trying to peep under her gown and her legs automatically started to spread.
Langa was having a great view of the soft white thighs but he wanted more, he could not be satisfied with just the nude show. He let her spread wide and then he swiftly pushed his hands inside the gown and grabbed the black panty.
"Nooo... what are you doing," she was taken aback by his sudden assault.
"Let me take it out," he spoke in a shaking voice.
"No... no... leave it," she grabbed his hands as he tries to pull it down, "I told you never to touch," she tried to be tough.
"But I touched you yesterday," he pleaded.
"That does not give you any right."
"Please... madam," he didn't let it go.
A small scuffle broke out between them which eventually she lost and he peeled the panty out of her smooth legs. Malti let out a groan as he spread her legs wide by grabbing her thighs. Langa looked between the legs and saw the most beautiful sight of his life. The smooth shaved pussy was wet and glistering, the pussy lips were all swollen and spread giving a glimpse of pink labia. He pulled the gown upto her waist and pushed his face between her legs.
"Uggg...," Malti let out a low grunt as she felt his tongue on her inner thighs, "Noooo... please." He traced his tongue on her thighs moving forward and flickered his tongue on the wet pussy lips.
"Ogg... umm..." she grabbed his hairs.
He drove his tongue inside her causing her to moan even louder. The moaning sound felt like music to his ears and he knew that if he played it right he will have this woman to use as he pleases. The room was filled with the most glorious sounds, raw, intense and delicious noises of pleasure as he plundered her with his tongue. He thrust one finger inside her, crooking it and hitting her in the spot that turned her moans into one long high pitched squeal. She lifted her legs high and placed it on the shoulders of Langa and pulled her face into her crotch.
---------------------------------
Ravi was busy in his work for the about one hour or so but now he was feeling restless, an uneasy feeling like something bad has happened and he was not able to find out the reason. His mind drifted to Malti and the fight they had last night. He was sure that she would not fall for Langa, she is an educated and sensible woman, but then was the wife of other officer whom Langa had fucked. What if Langa is an asshole on lookout for seducing young and willing wives? What if Langa has already seduced her?
The though sent shivers down her spine. The picture of his wife with Langa made his heart beat faster. 'He has to do something about it,' he thought. 'After the marriage of his sister I will get rid of him.'
He walked around his office feeling uneasy and then he stepped out for fresh air. As he came out of the office building he looked at his watch, 11.30, its time for Langa to come for his daily gardening work, unconsciously he started to walk towards his house.
--------------------------------
Malti's eyes were closed as she was lost into the wonderful sensations emanating between her legs. She shuddered with multiple orgasms and held his head pressed between her legs. Finally she pushed him back, his mouth was glistering with her juices which he wiped on her gown. She looked into his eyes which were filled with joy.
"I want you to kiss me," she whispered. Without hesitation, he leaned closer to her and put his lips to hers. He felt her hands wrap in his hair pulling him closer and kissing him. He sucked on to the juicy lips and darted his tongue inside her mouth.
Her one arm went around his back pressing him closer to her and her other hand slipped lower and grabbed the bulge in his pants. Langa groaned in her mouth.
She fiddled with the buttons and pulled the pant and underwear down his legs in one swift motion. The thick cock sprang free and she grabbed it in her fist. Malti kissed him with open mouth and caressed the length of his manhood. At this point Langa felt the warmth of love, the desire by her, not just a pawn in the game of sex.
He grabbed the fabric of the gown and pulled it over her head. She was now totally nude, her milky boobs were proudly resting on her chest. Malti pulled his shirt away and caressed the hairless chest. Both of them started to explore each other, he nudged at the erect nipples and squeezed them between his thumb and fingers. She pulled him by his cock and nudged him to stand straight. As she was sitting on the chair his cock was in level with her face. She wiped the drop of pre cum with her thumb and kissed the head.
Langa looked at the beautiful wife kissing his cock and let out a groan. She rubbed the hard cock on her checks, nose and lips and looked up at him smiling mischievously.
"Yessss...."
"What yes," she teased.
"Please mam," he pleaded and moved his hand onto her head trying to pull her face over his cock.
"What please?"
"Please mam... suck it..." he moaned pulling her hairs sharply.
"Ahh, easy boy... easy." She opened her mouth and slipped the large head onto her tongue.
"Ahhh... Oh God... mmmm," Langa groaned loudly as he felt the hot lips wrapped around his shaft. She held the cock at the base and slipped in her mouth as she felt the pressure on the back of her head. She felt the thick cock swell even thicker inside her mouth and she has to stretch her mouth wider to accommodate him.
"Bllmmmfhh!" mumbled Malti as her mouth was filled with cock.
"Oh yes, that's it!! Your lips feel so good," moaned Langa in delight.
The wife of a respected scientist, bobbed her head on the cock at a steady rhythm. Her soft lips slid smoothly over the smooth skin of the erect cock causing Langa to moan in pleasure. As Malti licked, sucked and slurped with increasing pace, Langa held her head and started to face fuck her.
--------------------------------------
Ravi reached the bend to his house and can clearly see the garden and locked doors beyond but Langa was nowhere to be found. He walked towards the house then suddenly remembered what would he say if his wife spots him, why is he wandering around instead of working at office. Last night also they had fight and if she discovered that he is suspicious and spying on her, she would definitely not be pleased. He paused for a moment to think of an excuse then marched towards the house.
He entered the lawn and saw the front door of the house was shut and the windows have curtains drawn. It was quiet, very quiet and he didn't feel comfortable, 'where is Langa.' He tried the front door but it was locked. 'Maybe he is working in the kitchen garden,' he thought and walked around the house.
-------------------------------------------
Langa meanwhile had spread Malti on the carpet in the living room and was on top of her. He had both her boobs in his hands and was squeezing them as if trying to milk them. Malti felt crushed under his tough body and his cock rubbed between her thighs.
For a fleeting moment her entire life flashed before her eyes, she remembered how she used to flash her body to strangers but was too scared of actually having sex. How she masturbated when alone thinking about those incidents and whished if she had the guts to actually go through with it. Face of her hubby flashed before her eyes, 'he would be devastated if he knew what she is doing,' she felt guilty for a second. Then the moment, when Langa saw her nude in jungle and how she was scared and how she enjoyed exposing to him. Now, Langa was spreading her legs, she is going to feel that thick cock inside her, she shuddered.
Langa looked at the prim and proper wife under him, all sexed up, ready to be fucked by him. He lifted both the legs in air and lined up his cock on the pink opening.
"Ouchh.... Slowly," she howled as he plunged in, and tried to push him back with both her hands.
"Ahhhhh.... Maaa," she wailed loudly and her eyes were closed as the entire cock was rammed inside her. The pussy was so lubricated that the thick cock slipped to the hilt easily, spreading her wide and hitting places that were never reached by her husband's dick. Langa's cock felt so big to her now.
Langa looked into her eyes for a few moments and bent down and kissed her on lips. He moved one hand behind her head to have her positioned better for a passionate kiss. Malti eagerly opened her mouth and sucked his tongue. With his mouth locked on her lips he started to fuck her. The large shaft swiftly moved in and out of the lubricated cunt. Malti opened her eyes and saw the wild and resolute expression on his face, and moaned.
As he kept fucking her, the fire in her cunt was being intensified and she thrusted her ass up to match with his strokes. Langa finding her so aroused, started to hammer hard.
---------------------------------------
Ravi saw the kitchen garden all deserted and no sign of Langa, 'maybe he has not come for work today,' he thought. Then he heard a faint cry as if someone was in pain, he concentrated on the sound and found that it was coming from the house. His first reaction was whether Malti was hurt. He rushed towards the kitchen door and found it to be unlocked. The voice was clearer now as he entered the kitchen.
His blood froze as he glanced inside the living room. Right in the middle of the room, on the carpet, his innocent wife of eight years was spread naked. Langa was between her legs ramming his big cock in her cunt. The room was filled with muffled cries of Malti as Langa was sucking her lips while pounding her. Although Ravi had an intuition of kind and he was suspecting something, but was not at all prepared for what he saw. At the most he thought that Langa was trying to get into her pants and Malti being an innocent girl was unknowingly encouraging him, but he never thought that Malti would actually be fucking him.
'Why... why is she doing this?' He realized that he is now forty-one years old and she is just thirty, 'does she want a younger cock, am I not able to fuck her properly.' He felt his head spinning and held the door frame for support.
"Ahh... Ahh... Ahh... easy..." he heard her moan loudly as Langa released her lips and was now alternating between her titties, sucking, nibbling and biting them. He saw Malti raised her legs in air and scratched his back with her nails, encouraging him to be harder. He never saw her so aroused.
He wanted to barge in and kick this Langa's ass, but he stopped, he felt his self-esteem so badly crushed that he could not fathom the courage to stand face to face with the guy half his age. This guy has scored over his wife and his wife is happily presenting her cunt to him. He could not take it anymore and walked out into the kitchen garden.
The two, unaware of the presence of Ravi kept on fucking like bunnies. Every time Langa pinched her or bit her on boobs, she moaned loudly and squeeze her pussy around the fat cock, she knew that it will leave bruises but she enjoyed the rough treatment.
Ravi walked far away from the noises that were faintly audible outside also and stood motionless in the corner. He stood there for a long time not knowing what to do when he saw Langa walked out of the kitchen door, his wife was right behind. He ducked behind a tree and saw Malti smiled and closed the door as he bid good bye.
Langa walked happily not noticing anybody and without realizing Ravi picked up an iron rod and followed him in back alley. It was deserted in the afternoon and the sunlight was also dim due to thick cover of trees above. Langa walked oblivious to his presence and was whistling and jumping with joy. With every passing moment Ravi was losing his control, the naked image of him between the legs of his wife flashed before his eyes. Without thinking he raised his hand and swung the iron rod.
"Ahhhhhhh...." Langa's chilling scream shook the quite neighborhood and along with the scream he can clearly hear the horrifying noise of cracking of his skull. Langa fell face down on the road and blood started to gush out of the wound, spreading on the street.
"Oh God!!!' He realized what has happened as he looked at the motionless body of Langa, 'he will die,' he shivered. Then he heard a door banged opened and someone shouted, "What happened?" Ravi traced his foot back and ran in the opposite direction, as fast as he can. He didn't stop running until he reached the main road and threw the rod into the grasses. Without looking back, he walked quickly towards his office.
Breathlessly he took a glass of water and sat down in his chair. After couple of minutes he started to think about his situation, 'has anybody seen him hitting Langa? will he die?' He trembled with fear and remorse as he realized that he didn't want to hurt anybody but if he dies no one will believe him and also the infidelity of his wife will be known to everyone. He found his situation glum.
To be continued...