I can't believe we are finally here. Our dream of coming to this great city and experiencing its culture, food and some of its naughty side has finally become a reality. We enjoyed the food by day and night and now it's time to experience some of that naughty side we been hoping to see tonight. We had already done our research abroad and locally for a place for our first visit.
We arrive at the large venue and can hear music in the background as we followed others to the main hall. They were playing Animotion's song "Obsession". The sexy music makes the whole adventure thing rather exciting and inviting to say the least.
Julie my sexy Vietnamese girlfriend and I are headed to the large hall of a venue at one of so many red light areas of Tokyo. Apparently this is one of a few places where you can watch live performance by actors and even the odd audience patron can volunteer to be intimately involved as well. Its not your usual stage where the audience is on one side. The stage is the centre piece and rotates very slowly so everyone sitting gets to see the action. The circular podium rises slightly above the closest patron and the seating rises higher as it moves out from the centre of the venue. There are 2 very large screens on opposing sides so anything filmed appears on the screens for those audience preferring to watch it. The venue would probably sits 500 when full and tonight is no different from other nights we have been told. Its full house even on a week night such is the popularity of such shows in an eccentric country like Japan.
The music plays on loud supercharging the live audience, as we settled down and looked at all the nervous looking faces around us. Everyone anticipating and waiting for something to happen.
We both have heard of these shows and wanted to experience them ourselves by coming to Tokyo. Julie and I both love exhibitionist sex and love to watch others perform. But the extent of our exhibitionism only goes as far as in public places, like parks, cars, and even in buses and trains. Usually we engaged in oral sex and masturbation and if permitted full on sex. But never with anyone else. The interesting thing is in this society it was socially acceptable for people to openly display affection and erotica to down right hardcore porn in front of an audience. It was our kind of culture and we are already love everything about Japan.
We notice opposite us the whole seating area was occupied by Japanese women and younger females probably mostly in their early twenties. It did look odd but we assumed that they wanted the females who are presumably single to be seated together. We came in together and are seated together. There were other couples near us. Its seem interesting that females are interested in coming to watch shows like this.
The music plays on while we all waited.
There was a lot of chatter before the announcer came on stage. He was speaking Japanese so it was not clear to us what is going on. But then we noticed the English subtitles come onto the screens.
OK he's just announced the first act. It is going to be a Japanese couple.
The volume of the music increases again as they played that song "Obsession" repeatedly while everyone waited. It was like the music was prelude to the main event.
When the couple walked up to the podium the audience suddenly became silent. It almost seems it was polite not to chatter or scream like you may see it western cultures. However the music played on but at a more moderate volume. The couple perhaps in their twenties reached the stage and bowed to the audience. They are an attractive looking couple. She in particular is rather beautiful. They both sit down on the couch holding hands. Suddenly the music stops.
Then to our most satisfying pleasure start to make out with each other on the couch provided. They were full on kissing each other all over. Their hands all over each other like a couple making love for the first time. There appeared to be a lot of intimacy between them. They were both initally fully clothed, but it didn't take long for the items of clothing to be removed one by one. As the audience were quiet you can hear their excitement, their heavy breathing and sounds of their love making. Shit this is actual pretty good I thought. Really quite full on. It was rather hot and erotic, much more hotter than we expected. I now know why there are so many young females here. Someone told me once that young women come here to places like this to watch and learn how to love and perform sexually. Rather than watching porn it was better to watch it live.
As all the pieces of clothing are completely removed, the male participant had little to hide. He sat there with a full on flag pole. She started to massage him and he did the same to her. The frantic kissing continued as they masturbated each other. I am now feeling so hot. I even wanted to masturbate myself. After a few minutes of real hot make out, the woman started to suck the stiff oozing penis. You can hear her enthusiasm. She sucks hard and he mouth fucked her, pumping his pelvis up and down rapidly. On the large screen you can see the action close up if you are too far. He Then changes position and goes down on her hairy pussy. She squeals like all Japanese girls do as he licked her out. Then they switch to the 69 position. They go like this for a few minutes of loud sucking and moaning. The camera zooms in close to the action recording both him and her performances on each other.
Then moaning comes from the stands as some females begin to masturbate themselves. The venue becomes hot and musky. I look over and can see some of the more bolder girls with there legs apart and hands down their panties rubbing. They were like us so turned on.
Julie begins to massage me through my pants and I lightly massaged her back while we watched. We were feeling rather hot. Her perfume smelt intoxicating. I kiss her lightly every now and then. She looked absolutely beautiful tonight. She is wearing her sexy shorts which allowed her long slim legs maximum visibility. I think she is the most stunning female here, although some of Japanese girls were amazing looking. We have been together for a few years now. I have found her amazing in bed. I believe I have found the one for me. Our chemistry was red hot from the first time we touched each other.
The cameras scan the audience and films some of the other action happening in the stands. The other cameras continues filming the centre stage where now the couple are fucking each other. They change position from her riding him to him standing from behind. He then fucks her while she lies down on the couch. He goes like a piston out of control. She squeals and moans as she orgasms again and again to the delight of the audience as her kisses her passionately. Then he pulls out and wanks himself onto her pretty face. She then wipes her mouth of the fresh hot cum and lips her fingers as the camera zooms in close to her face. The audience begin to chatter excitedly as they move off stage.
New music begins plays on the loud speakers. It is the Japanese version of the 80s hit "Cheri Cheri Lady" by Modern Talking but the lyrics in English appear on screen. The music added to the hot raunchy feel now in the venue as the event managers revved up the atmosphere. Then the music stops.
Immediately the announcer comes back on and announces the next act. Another man comes on stage shirtless, only in his underwear. We couldn't tell what is said, then the English subtitles appear. They are wanting a female participant from the audience to perform with this man. He appears average looking of average build and in his early twenties.
The music comes on again playing that same hot sexy song, "Cher Cheri Lady".
The camera pans the audience and a few young women actually stand up wanting to perform live with this man. The man walks down to each area where the girls are standing up. He walks over to them one by one but does not take their hand. All the females were actually attractive looking in their own way, but he keeps walking around to the next like he's examining the goods before selecting. The camera zooms in to each potential candidate as he approaches them. He appears to be walking our way. The whole venue tense wondering who is standing that he may select. We watch intensely as he approaches our direction and for a nerve whacking reason it looks like he is staring at me. I swallow nervously as he walks towards our side of the stand. He looks like he is still staring our way but there wasn't anyone standing here. He walks right up as the music blared loud still staring. Suddenly I get this lump appear in my throat when I realise he was staring at my Julie, my stunning girlfriend of 5 years. He comes right up and stares at Julie. Oh my god what's happening here. Surely this can't be true. We only came to watch. He stands there. His eyes examines her beauty. Julie stares back at him, a little shocked by the attention. I not prepared for this. She is not expecting this. Then he grabs Julie's hand, pulling her up. Julie grabs my hand and I didn't want to let her go. He looks at me as he pulls her away, smirking. There was look of lust in his eyes. Damn how could he pick my Julie. She didn't offer to participate and we just wanted to watch. And we are a couple. I pull her back but he pulls her away strongly. Julie's stunning beauty has caught his eye. I feel humiliated. A thought crossed my mind that just a few days ago we were dreaming about watching a show like this and now I am about to lose her for what ever reason to a stranger who has chosen her amongst so many. She hasn't been with any other man for years, why now. It occurs to me they were probably watching the audience during the earlier performance looking for a very attractive female for the next show. And they probably thinks she is different, perhaps a hot looking lady with experience.
Suddenly that hot sexy song "Obsession" starts to play again.
I watch nervously as he leads her to the podium. Then the music volume drops, but continues playing. He gets Julie to sit down and he sits next to her on her left. She blushes nervously as he assertively begins to touch her face, brushing her hair from her pretty face. She turns her head looking at my direction. Her face showing confusion and nervousness. Maybe she is looking for my approval for having this stranger touch her. Suddenly I have this feeling of missing her. Maybe he is simply going to tease her, do a strip and a lap dance and then she can come back to me safe and sound. But he touches her more intimately on her face, brushing his fingers on her skin like he is examining her, aroused by her beauty. Infatuated with that instant attraction. He used his fingers and thumbs to lightly feel her beautiful skin. He plays with her long hair, putting his nose through her hair.
That song plays on repeatedly quietly in the background. That song about obsession.
I feel jealousy set in. I blush embarrassingly at watching another man touching my girlfriend in an intimate way. He says something in Japanese, muttering a few words. On the large screen I can see Julie's face. She is stunning. Her pretty eyes had that look of confusion, not knowing what's happening here. But Julie is no school girl, she is the same age as myself, 29 years old and experienced in love making, not like some in the audience who came here to learn first time or to pick up new techniques.
But the worse was to come. He starts to kiss her intimately firstly on her lips then slowly over her face and neck while laying his hand over her chest. He was running his nose over her skin, like he is mesmerised by her perfume and scent of her warm skin. He was making out with my girlfriend. The strange thing was she wasn't stopping him now. She just sat there not knowing what to do next. Maybe she is in shock, caught by surprise. Not expecting this. Just not ready to do anything like this. He is humiliating me in front of me and everyone else. The camera zooms close to display a close up of the impending action. I am starting to feel quite jealous but the odd thing is I am getting rather aroused. My penis throbbing between my legs, fully erect. As the man continued kissing and licking Julie all over, she began to reciprocate. And now their making out in front of the audience becomes increasingly frantic. She's letting go of herself. She is getting turned on. I have seen this reaction from her many times before. I can now hear her moaning. She was enjoying it. Now oblivious to where she was. I can hear her heavy breathing. I can feel her excitement. I can hear moaning elsewhere in the venue as some patrons begin to masturbate. The cameras pan the venue focussing on those women. But on the main screen it was all Julie in focus. Julie is now massaging his chest and returning the heavy petting and kissing. She is getting really aroused. Its getting too late to stop. I fear the worse to come.
Jealousy verses arousal swamps me. I feel people watching me. They are watching my reaction. Suddenly it occurs to me one camera was focused on filming my reaction. I blush heavily and put my hand to my face as I see myself on one screen. They were getting off on my uncomfortable reaction. Who wouldn't feel this way if their girlfriend was making out with a complete stranger. And it hurts because she is enjoying it now. Her facial expressions tell it all. I become increasingly concerned that he may take her clothes off and worse she may start to touch him more intimately now and even a lot more. Suddenly the image of her using her years of experience masturbating me and previous boyfriends, appears in my mind. I was getting really turned on at the thought. It is that thought of her using her experienced technique gained by years of intimacy with me on this stranger that is very arousing. And further, that thought of watching her going all out, wildly masturbating him with her right hand, just the same way she masturbates me is getting me really turned on. I sweat nervously at the thought. Yes do him just like how she likes to do me. But it hurts me to contemplate it will go that far. I try to shake the dirty thought out of my head. No definitely not, she won't do that I reassure myself. But I was so wrong.
Their hands are now all over each other, massaging each other. It is getting frantic up there on the podium. I can hear her moaning. Her hand massages his chest and he rubs her through her top. They are deep kissing now. He takes her top off now. Then Julie's bra comes off quickly afterwards. Her perky breast and hard erect nipples exposed. He mutters in Japanese again. Obliviously excited at what he is seeing. His hands are all over them rubbing, squeezing her nipples and massaging. And her right hand is squeezing and lightly massaging the fully erect penis under his underwear. He kisses her nipples and flicks fast with his tongue on them. She squeals in delight. Jealousy consumes me. When is this going to stop. This nightmare. But my own penis throbs uncontrollably despite this. It is pleasure and pain.
He then stands up and pulls Julie petite frame up with him. She looked stunning. All 5ft 4in of her. Her skin pale white. Her breast perky and beautifully shaped. He is a lot taller than her. He kisses her as they are both standing. Then he moves down kissing her breast and licking and sucking her nipples which are fully erect now. Her areola looking large and deep red in colour surrounds her nipples. A sure sign of her excitement. He gets to her stomach as he licks his way down. He then takes her short tight shorts off, letting them fall to the ground. She steps out of them. Julie is now standing there wearing only her pink panties. Her stunning body and legs for all to enjoy especially him.
He kisses her deeply for what seems like minutes. There is absolutely no resistance from Julie. I get really nervous, hoping that's it and she can just put her clothes back on and come back to me. No after admiring her figure he slowly sits her back down and she lies back against the top of the couch. The worse was to come. He follows her down and slowly pulls her buttocks forward and firmly pushes her white thighs wide apart exposing her panties. She is now fully spread eagled, with her legs pushed up to her chest. I know she is embarrassed by his indiscretion. She is probably humiliated judging by her blushing face, but she is also too aroused now to stop it. He slowly turns his head deliberately staring my way and licks his lips smirking and nods his head in approval of what he sees. His lustful eyes wide with excitement. He again says something in Japanese. I get really worked up at his deliberate actions. He is deliberately teasing me making me angry with jealous. I feel really humiliated. I can even hear his heavy excited breathing. He licks his lips tormenting me. I know he wants to go down on my pretty Julie and taste her pussy. He deliberately stares at the prize in front of him, breathing and inhaling strongly. His face hovering over her spread thighs. I can embarrassingly see a large wet spot on her panties. Anger consumes me. The jealous rage consumes me. My face blushes for her. He is deliberately enjoying the scent of her as his face hovers above her spread thighs.
Again the camera zoom in close and again I can see myself appear on one part of the screen. They are deliberately getting off on my jealous reaction. But I am so turned on as well. I briefly touch the ever expanding lump in my shorts. The hot thought of him smelling and tasting her pussy is turning me on.
He moves his face closer to her spread thighs. A cameraman hovers close by zooming in towards her open legs. Embarrassingly I can see small strands of her pubic hairs sticking from the edges of her panties as he slowly moves in. Julie face appears on screen. Her mouth wide open, in aroused resignation and heightened anticipation, waiting to feel his tongue. I have seen that excited look before. Her face blushing red and she moans, squealing a little. He sniffs her, running his nose over the fabric of her panties. I hear more excited moans coming from around the venue. He deliberately takes his time like a school boy finding something precious and new for the first time. His nose rubs over the moist fabric. He is sniffing my girlfriend's pussy through her panties. Then he licks along the sides of her panties and along the inside of her white thighs, deliberately teasing her. She moans and squeals in delight. He does this for a few minutes to enhance his and her pleasure. He sniffs her natural scent in the area. The smell of her pubic hairs. The smell I know so well. A jealous rage develops in my belly as he spends like minutes enjoying her forbidden fruit but I felt like wanking myself. I can hear Julie's distinctive moaning amongst the others. It is loud and clear as she gets overwhelm by excitement. She plays with her nipples and massages her breasts as he teasingly licks her. He mutters in Japanese again.
He pulls out his fully erect penis wanking himself slowly as he gets full pleasure in sniffing my girlfriend's private. Then he pulls her panties up along the slit of her pussy, moving slowly the fabric up and down. Her neatly trimmed pubic hairs appear on either side now.
Then he begins to take her panties off, finally exposing Julie's perfectly trimmed bush. You can now see her inner labia faintly beneath her trimmed pussy. He then stands up holding her pink panties high in the air, like some kind of trophy, and walking around displaying them. And to my horror he then spreads open the insides of her panties and openly displaying it to everyone. And then worse he starts sniffing and licking the creamy stain on the crotch of the fabric as he mutters excitedly in Japanese. Julie's face had this horrified look as he proceeded to lick clean the damp surface in front of everyone. Her mouth open in horrified surprise but she was too turned on to care. Her face blushes red in embarrassment but she moans in excitement while massaging her breast and nipples while watching him. I hear some horrified chatter and moaning from the all female side.
She certainly didn't plan for some stranger to be so intimate with her or with something she wears when we came out tonight. It was a spontaneous decision in actual fact. Only a few moments earlier we were like everyone else here just watching. She was not expecting she will have her panties taken off her. But now a stranger is licking the warm crotch of her of panties in front of everyone. I feel her embarrassment. I feel embarrassed. My jealous pain lingers but so does my hard erection. It won't go down. And I think he will go all the way with her now.
It was strange to see someone do this but even more strange is that it was rather erotic. The Japanese are eccentric and bloody perverted. Yet I was so turned on as my jealous rage settles down. How often do you see someone licking the fresh stain off your girlfriend's panties? I am throbbing hard as I begin to massage it. I can feel my seminal fluid oozing up my shaft.
I can see the Japanese man's penis fully erect now sticking out of his underwear as he stood there doing his erotic act while Julie watches. His swollen head glistens in the light throbbing with excitement.
Then he drops the panties and walks over to Julie and goes down on his knees. Then quickly lifts Julie's buttocks up and pushes her thighs wide apart. The jealous rage suddenly comes back. It hurts me seeing someone touching her in this way. I feel tears of anger slowly cloud my eyes. I wanted to stop him from going further. Yet I still throb with sexual desire to watch another man touch her intimately. There's no stopping him now. He intimately brushes aside her damp pubic hairs to expose her inner labia. Wetness glistens along the chunky creases of those lips. Painfully I hear her moaning. Enjoying it.
"Ohhhh, ohhh yeahhh, ohhh yeahhh"
Her moans pierces my heart. It was painful to watch him touch her so intimately then hearing her desire for him to eat her out. For him to expose her intimately, for everyone to see and hear her excitement.
I am not sure I can watch. I feel people looking at me, again watching me squirm uncomfortably. Some were getting off on my jealous reaction. My reaction to seeing another man about to go down on my beautiful girlfriend.. Touching her intimately. Then eating her out.
The cameraman zooms close. On the screen I can see him. A dirty smile appears on his face. He says something in Japanese then places his thumbs on either side of her inner labia and in one quick movement he forcibly pulls wide apart her chunky labia exposing her vulva completely. Her labia falls open. Her creamy wet vulva now visible to all. Her vagina open and exposed. I can hear her pleasure, her excitement as he opens her up. The pain comes back in vengeance. I not sure I can bear to watch. But the image on screen of her spread open vulva displayed in that way was turning me on. I can hear other females moaning in the venue. They are masturbating themselves as they watched.
He mutters excitedly again in Japanese, as he stares at her private parts, mesmerised at her inner beauty. He breathes in strongly. I can almost smell her myself, being familiar with her scent. He then touches her prepuce moving it up firmly, fully exposing her clitoris with his finger. It exposes a layer of creamy specks covering it. I feel instantly embarrassed as I am familiar with her. Then he rubs her there. She moans and squeals with pleasure. His breathing becomes heavy and slow as he stares intensely at her vulva, mesmerised by the appearance of her labia, the colour of her insides and shape and creases of the lips. Then he inhales deeply her musky smell. He releases his fingers watching her labia close temporary then suddenly pulls them apart again. He does this again a couple more times watching how her private parts fall back on themselves. It was erotic seeing her folds open and then closing on their own. I hear her pleasure.
"Ohhh yeahhh!, ohhh yeahhh!" she moans in expectation.
The cameras zoom close to see her facial reaction, studying her. Her face blushing red as her tongue licks her sexy lips. Her eyes closed, savouring the moment. Another zooms close to her exposed vulva which is getting wetter and wetter with excitement. This time while holding her like this, he immediately goes down on her, licking furiously. Julie starts to moan uncontrollably. He sucks hard along the creamy folds her wetness and then licks incredibly fast on her exposed clitoris. The camera shows the incredible view of his tongue lashing fast at her clitoris. Immediately she orgasms. Her heads rolls from side to side and her body twitches and convulses in orgasmic pleasure. Suddenly that jealous rage engulfs me again, as again the camera pans in watching my reactions. Then I hear her orgasm again. Clearly she is overwhelmed with pleasure as her legs flex
wildly. Her hands massaging herself all over as he eats her out. A camera captures the view behind him. His head shaking up and down as he lick her out. Loud sucking sounds can be heard. He moans with pleasure as he aims to please her. Then in one final act of pleasure, she grabs his head and rubs and gyrate her pussy into it as she orgasms again. The jealous pain hits me again. Julie is a squirter when overwhelmed. I realise she would have squirted onto his face. Into his mouth. She moans loudly as the orgasmic wave washes over her small frame. She shudders with spasms. The sight extremely erotic. Both of them moaning loudly now.
After what seem like minutes he sits back. It becomes apparently he had cum. Drops of cum is seen on the floor and on the couch front. He had cum unaided such was the pleasure he felt eating my girlfriend to orgasm a few times. His penis now completely uncovered drips with cum when he sits down. He begins kissing her like some horny teenager. She reciprocates very willingly.
They go like that for a minute making out like they haven't seen each other for a while. Their hands all over each other. His hand massaging her pussy and breasts and her hand on his once again erect penis.
Then he begins to finger fuck her as he sits to her right. He fingers her extremely fast. And he stares at her face with that lustful smirk as he pleasures her, wanting to see her reaction. Her juices starts to explode out as he fully pistons her. Her heads rolls in orgasmic pleasure as she begins to cum. I can see his smirking face as he stares at her. Those dark emotions hits me again. I wanted it to stop but it was all happening too fast. Her wide open legs flexing wildly, twitches and shakes as she moans out of control and orgasms again. The camera captures the moment on her face as she orgasms again. Another camera zooms close to the Japanese man's fingers plunging relentlessly into Julie's pussy. I had got to say I was overwhelmed myself at the sight of another man masturbating my girlfriend. The jealous rage of emotion slowly gets pushed aside by extreme arousal. He them fully exposes her clitoris and begins to rub it very very fast while deep kissing her and again she orgasms. She explodes. Unbelievably I can see her juices exploding out as she starts to squirt clear cum juice. I can feel her pleasure. I know what she's like. She moans uncontrollably as she orgasms again. Her body convulses and her lower legs flex almost violently. It was rather hot to watch. I can see and hear a lot of moaning from different parts of the venue. I can see some masturbating themselves furiously. Their legs wide apart as they watch this man masturbate my girlfriend on stage.
My face blushes with embarrassment as I witness Julie my sexy stunning Vietnamese girlfriend gets the rub of her life. He stops and pulls out his creamy fingers and places it into Julie's mouth allowing her to lick then clean. She sucks like a child with a ice block handed to her. Then he puts them into his own mouth savouring her taste.
Then immediately he swaps position with Julie sitting on his right. He must have know she is right handed. They start to kiss and make out again like young lovers. He pushes her hand onto his erection. But she doesn't oblige and brings her hand back up. Maybe she is happen to massage him but not finish him off. But he insists grabbing her hand and laying it on his hard shaft. Clearly he wanted to savour the experience how she will masturbate him. He wanted her jerk him off. The inexperienced females in the audience want to watch her experienced hand technique. And knowing Julie she will be more than obliging when she starts. And I know what she's like. How she will touch him. How she will masturbate him. Her technique. The expressions on her face. And finally how erotically hot she really can be. I feel that dark jealous thought come over me. That thought of watching her masturbate this guy the way she masturbate me, hurts. This is painful. I feel moisture fill my eyes. My heart sinks as I watch her moves.
She finally pulls his underwear fully down exposing him. She starts to massage him, running her slender fingers lightly along the stiff shaft. She begins to rub his testicles and begin to slowly move his foreskin up and down over the swollen glistening head. It was oozing heavily. She kisses him while massaging his shaft and testicles working him up.
Then while looking into his lust filled eyes she brings her right hand to her mouth and licks her palm slowly then brings her hand to his penis and applies her saliva on his swollen head, twisting firmly. Then followed by short fast burst of stroking. She stares at him through the whole movement, and he does the same to her. It was the same technique she uses on me. I feel embarrassed now. It is the intimacy I seen many times with her before. She repeats this a few times with the stroking speeding up each time. He moans from the sensation. He is really bestowed by her now. He's feeling what's it like to be with her. Being masturbated by her. I can hear her moan with excitement as she pleasured him with her experienced technique. Her head rolls in aroused pleasure as she masturbates him. Her eyes open and close as she enjoys this moment. Her tongue licks her lips erotically. And she stares back at him. His eyes bulging, never leaving her face, watching her facial expressions.. I can hear her whispers, her excited moans on the speakers as she get over excited.
"Oh yeahhh, ohh yeahhh. You like this, Ohh yeahhh feel so good!"
As she begins to talk dirty to him. Even if he didn't understand, the message is clear, she is so aroused now. His eyes stare intensely at my stunning Julie, literally popping out as he enjoyed this moment of experience with another man's lady, as he continues staring at her facial responses and body language.
Those dark demons of jealous rears its ugly head. I feel those emotions take over. I feel embarrassed seeing Julie in heat. I watch her in action with my head resting on my hands. People near me glance at me and the screen. Some maybe enjoying my uncomfortable body language. I blush at her dirty talk. It was too intimate to share with all these strangers. I thought back only 30 minutes earlier we were sitting comfortably here, content to watch and enjoy the show but now she is on stage being intimate with a total stranger masturbating him with the same technique I know so well and whispering dirty intimate things to him. I am feeling jealous and caught by surprise at what's happening now. I feel a little upset but what's happening between my legs suggests otherwise. I was torn between the dark thoughts of jealous pain and feeling rather turned on.
I put on a brave face and focused on the pleasure she is giving him. As I watched and listened to her, I knew her well and what she will do next. I tried hard to focus on how it is turning me on. Trying to not feel jealous and focus instead on watching a beautiful female masturbating another man. But she is my girlfriend of a few years now. She hasn't been with any other man for those years. So I feel I don't want to loose her. It was like she was having a fling and I was forced to watch. How she masturbated him now is the same as how she masturbates me. And she seems to be really enjoying it. The rage won't go away and my eyes swell with moisture. I miss her now and would like her to stop and come back.
But right now she is staring at him with that familiar lustful smirk. That excited stare of hers drives me crazy when I am with her. I feel embarrassment and humiliation as she continues licking her palm and applying her saliva to his stiff shaft in a twisting motion followed by her classic fast burst of jerking. He looks mesmerised by her as he moans in response to the amazing sensation. He reaches out with his hand to brush aside her hair. A sign he is bestowed by her. It was a sign of intimacy. He massages with her breast while staring back at her pretty face. His pelvis slowly heaves up and down.
Across the venue I can hear women moaning in the otherwise silence. The camera focuses on Julie pretty face, observing her aroused facial expressions. Her head rolls slowly as she moans. Her hand comes to her mouth every few seconds, licking slowly deliberately, then returns to his penis stroking it fast.
"Ohhh yeahhh, you like it, feels so good!"
Those dirty intimate words from her, clearly heard over the speakers sends me mad with jealous. I can see the eyes on me again watching my reactions. My face turns bright red. I am embarrassed that my sexy girlfriend of a few years can be so intimate to a complete stranger. It was how she was with me in our private moments together. There was no shame from her. She was being herself. My eyes tear up as I watched.
He begins to pump his pelvis regularly in sync with her masturbating hand. He moans louder as he nears another point of no return. Julie watches and listens to his reaction.
"Oh yeahhh, oh yeahhh, ohhh it feels so good, so good! hmmm."
As she rolls her head in excitement. Her eyes open and close. As she opens her eyes she stares at him licking her lips. Dirty whispers leave her lips as she tries to excite him more and more. Clearly it is working as he starts to suddenly moan loudly. His pelvis punches in the air wanting it. I know now this she will finish him. Humiliation creeps over my face as I know how she will perform now. She moans excitedly and enthusiastically.
" Ohhhh yeahhh, feel so good, ohhh feel so good. Ohhh cum for me!!"
Suddenly her right hand masturbates him into an instant blur. It is wild and frenzied jerking. The sound of her hand stroking him fills the venue air. He moans uncontrollably. His head rolls and gets thrown back. His pelvis moves quickly up and down. The camera zooms in close too to Julie's face. It shows her overwhelmed in excitement. Her mouth whispering dirty things as she moans enthusiastically. She is really enjoying this. I have seem this look many times and it hurts me. It humiliates me. I watch her right hand moving extremely fast. I watch her facial expressions. And I hear her excitement. I am getting so turned on now. It's now driving me crazy. My girlfriend of many years going all out furiously masturbating another man for the first time in years. I feel the pleasure he is now experiencing.
In seconds he explodes. He cums like a fire hose out if control. Hot cum flies everywhere. He moans very loud. Julie squeals and moans loud with enthusiastic excitement. It is extremely erotic watching his white cum fly as my girlfriend masturbates him very very fast. It was like a scene from a hardcore movie. Unlike some girls, she doesn't suddenly stop or slow down. Her frenzied stroking continues as thick white streaks of his cum can be seen on the stiff shaft. The sound of thick cum being rubbed is audibly clear.
"Ohhh yeahhh, ohhh yeahhhh, feel so good, hmmmm, hmmm, feel so good!"
Her hot facial expressions very erotic appears on the screen. Her stroking continues. He reaches out to her, but she pushes his hand away. Him moans and squirms uncontrollably. His pelvis pumping and gyrating in the air. Her wild handjob goes on for another 30 seconds before slowly down.
Then she kisses him, her hand still gripping him. He wraps his hands around head as they kissed passionately. Then like a scene from an old hardcore movie she starts to lick the thick cum dripping down his penis. She performs long licks up the shaft until the shaft is clean before playing with the pool of cum on his abdomen and chest. She proceeds to lick that as well. As she cleaned him with her tongue, I can see the smirk run across his face. The look of satisfaction. He has got what he wanted and experienced my stunning Julie. Suddenly I start to rage again. I didn't like him. But I cannot get back what's now gone.
In the background moaning continues from the audience as some girls finished themselves off. A camera focussed on one furiously masturbating herself. Her legs wide apart. Other girls gather close watching as she orgasms.
Then the sexy music of Modern Talking plays again. This time it was playing the song. "You're my heart. You're my Soul".
I can see Julie still kissing him now like teenagers. Tears come to my eyes. I hold my face in my hands. Too humiliated now. The music plays loud in the background, suddenly I feel someone sit down next me. It wasn't Julie but the beautiful Japanese girl from the first show. She rubs my back and lifts my head up and begins to kiss me. I feel her right hand on my very hard penis. She massages it. Oh my god, oh my god I getting rather turned on by the presence of another woman touching me. I can smell her perfume, her scent. I sit up more. My legs start to open. She moves her right knee against my balls pushing firmly up. I see people gathering around us. The females in particular wanted to see the close up of the action unfolding. They wanted to see her technique. Maybe learn something. It is so hot being in display like this.
The Japanese girl smiles. She is rather sexy and really turning me on. I feel my penis throbbing hard. I want release. She kisses me passionately moaning as she did. I close my eyes enjoying the attention she gives me. I feel her hand unzip me. Her right hand moves in pulling my now very wet shaft out. She massages my testicles. Her warm slender hand feel so good. I move my hand to try to touch her pussy but she pushes it away.
Then immediately she goes down on me. Her head moves up and down quickly while her hand strokes me up and down. Oh my god, oh my god, it feels so good. Oh god shit I feel myself almost ejaculating. But she comes back up and opens her mouth releasing a large stream of saliva onto my throbbing head. Then proceeds to firmly twist hard and fast her saliva over the head and shaft. My god I am in heaven. I shudder and moan loud as she deliberately does this for a few seconds. She stares at me smiling then starts to kiss me again while twisting fast. Oh my god she's really sexy, so good, my pelvis pushes quickly up. She see and hears my pleasure, my desperation and immediately strokes me extremely fast. Oh god I feel myself cumming. The sensation and presence of another woman masturbating me is extremely arousing. I compare her with my Julie. She was not as fast as she is. Her technique different but she is experienced and her smell and stroking is driving me crazy. Oh my god that's feel so good, I grab her face kissing her as she masturbated me faster sensing my time is coming. I explode. My cum flies out landing everywhere. She moans in excitement. She whispers erotically in Japanese. Her face distorted in pleasure. I am so turned on. She continues stroking fast. Thank God for that. There's nothing worse then when a girl suddenly stops as you cum. I open my eyes to see people gathering around us in silence, staring, some moaning and touching themselves. Then that song plays again. I fall back in my seat as relief sets in. The Japanese girl stands up and leaves. People leave as the music plays on.
Then I see my beautiful Julie come back to me. I miss her so much. She sits down and we hugg. Tears fill our eyes as we look at each other. I am so relieved she is OK. We kiss like real lovers who haven't seen each other for so long. Then we hold each other. Already I feel myself getting turned on, being near her again. After seeing her excitedly masturbating another man and him eating her pussy, I am rather horny. But I feel a part of me is now missing due to her indiscretions. It feels like it's lost forever, her experience and body given to someone else, even if it was for a short time.
Those images keep playing in my mind. I feel embarrassed and humiliated at the thoughts. But I couldn't get the images of her pussy being spread wide open unashamedly exposing her vulva and its creamy wet surface out of my mind. Her vagina open, exposed. The dirty images of him touching her there and her clitoris intimately. The images of him sniffing her pussy and licking her panties. The images of her thighs wide apart and displaying her hairy pussy. The images of her in an aroused state licking her palm and applying it on his penis. The sound of her moaning in excitement and of her talking dirty and then the wild frenzied handjob at the end. These images etched permanently in my head, I can't get rid of. It's because I am obsessed with her. Fearing losing her to another man. I realise how much I care and love her. She drives me crazy every time we kiss. Every time we touch each other and make love. I feel raging jealousy when I see those images of her with another man. Her enjoying herself. It hurts. But I am so aroused by those images at the same time. I am so hot now. I need to feel her hand on me. I want to go down on her now. We look into each others eyes wanting. God she is so pretty. We hold hands and quickly head back to the hotel. An incredible late night assured.