Third period freedom as the school referred to Study Hall, basically a chance to relax. Some merely snuck off to the Gym.
"You should have been there Tara. Oh my God. So much fun." Dawn sits next to her fellow cheerleader nursing her sprained ankle.
"I heard. Cryssa was texting with me all night long. I can't believe you guys went that far. Teasing is one thing. Sex in public is another. Not to mention they were old." The toned athlete who not only was a cheerleader but on the Track team. A sport she would need to forsake for a good long while now.
"I didn't expect that to happen. Once it started I couldn't stop. It was awesome. I love Brit."
The blond merely looks at her friends excitement, "I can see that. I'm not sure I could have gone that far. A flash maybe."
"Ohhh no." A voice drew her attention behind her, "You would have joined right in. New team in town Blondie."
Britney Foxx had crept up behind them on the bleachers.
"Hi." Tara smiled, "Maybe. I guess I just needed to be there. I sprained my ankle, it's hard to stand long."
"That's why you lay down." Brit giggles and stretches out on the wood seating to lay back. In the process her black mini skirt fanned wide to expose her darling pussy in all it's succulent glory. Tara could easily see it.
"You're so bold. I love that. Give me time."
"No better time than now." Brit sits up noticing Corey from the Locker room shower watching her. He had been shooting hoops with a fellow teammate.
Tara flutters her eyes as she spots Corey, "Is Corey Booker watching you or me? He's so hot."
"All of us silly." Brit sighs, "Considering my hoohaw was smiling right at him I would say me, more though. Let's change that."
Tara turns pale, "Now? What?"
Brit waves Corey over to them. Dribbling his ball he walks their way.
"Hey Shower Caddy. You know Tara here right?"
He smirks at her, "Of course I know Tara. Cheerleader for me on the court. I cheer for her on the track."
Tara brightens up, "Really? You watch me run?"
"Every wiggle you make."
Brit chuckles, "I might not need to play matchmaker after all. Hit it Corey."
He blushes with a nudge of his toe on the court, "Heard you have a limp now."
Tara pouts, "Yeah. Hurts to walk. I ice it a lot."
"If you need a crutch just yell. I'll come running."
"CRUTCH!" She blurts laughing.
Brit steps down from the bleachers and hops in step. She then kneels down in front of Tara and Dawn.
"He can help you stretch. I'm sure your ankle could use the tension relief."
Dawn offers her own round of giggles, "Yeah. You said you could put your legs behind your head."
"And take a drink." Brit adds trying to cheer her up.
Blushing Tara chokes, "When I'm in shape. I don't think that's smart with my ankle like it is. It's swollen."
"As swollen as Corey's dick right now thinking of your legs behind your head?" Brit hisses playfully.
Corey turns his back holding the ball as well as his laughter. He wanted to play charming.
"I'll try one leg." Tara groans exhaling through grit teeth.
Corey bulges his eyes as he turns back to face them. He had to see this.
Moving aside Brit and Dawn both give her space. Tara struggles slightly as her good leg slides up and around her neck. In doing so her uniform skirt hiked up to reveal her white panties. She blushed heavily but maintained her pose.
Brit jumped in swiftly and held her firm while using her remaining hand to reach under her skirt and pry the panties over to reveal her silky smooth pussy. In her propped stance her hole was gaping wide and inviting.
"Heyyyyyyyyyy!" Tara shrieks at Brit's intrusion.
Corey smirks, "Damn that's beautiful."
Tara wanted to die then and there. But, she also felt happy to know Corey found interest in her.
"Have a lick. Nobody's looking right now." Dawn urges Corey.
Corey didn't even ponder it. He dropped to his knees in front of Tara and leans in to roll his tongue in her labia and flicking it over her clit like a lizard.
She whimpered trying not to cry out. The experience made her nearly shed a tear. Not from fear. Nor from against her will. She wanted more.
"I could eat that all day." Corey kisses her clit then stands up to look down at her.
She in turn glares up at him trembling, "Okay."
He chuckles then dribbles the ball, darting back to again shoot hoops.
"See? Was that so hard?" Brit reaches her palm in and slaps her clit making Tara wheeze then cringe. It was her way of bringing the blond back to reality.
"Why did you do that?" Tara lowers her leg and straightens her underwear out awkwardly.
"Corey? Or my Stank Spank?" Britney winks, "You needed to see what you do to guys. You may be athletic but you have curves. You know guys look at you all the time. That ponytail needs to be pulled."
Dawn instinctively yanks her friends tail giggling.
"Okay. That was fun. Insane, but fun. He can eat me forever. I'll let him."
Brit raises a finger, "Ah, but will you let others?"
Tara offers a terrified expression, "Others?"
"I dare you to let two other guys lick that sexy snatch before schools out." Brit stares at her for commitment.
"Like who?"
"I'll choose one guy. Dawn can pick the other. You just do it."
Goose bumps rash over the blond. The thoughts made her squishy yet terrified of getting into trouble. After a moment to think she fidgets, "I get to pick a third."
Brit stands up while slapping the girls bare leg, "That's the school spirit."
Without further ado Brit reaches under Tara's skirt and tugs her white panties off. There was a fight but Brit with Dawn's assistance won out.
"I hate you guys. I'm defenseless." She turns red laughing.
"I'll just give these to Corey for safe keeping." Brit sticks her tongue out at the cheerleader. After a three minute jaunt over to Corey, Brit returns.
"I told him to auction them off in the locker room then buy you lunch later."
Tara merely hid her eyes.
Without warning, the free period bell rings forcing the students to groan at having to return to class. Tara Zellers hobbles along with Dawn and Brit at her side. Stepping down the hall headed toward Tara's Art class the three separate. She was on her own.
After parting Brit spots her friend Grace heading to the same class. She stops her by yanking the girls ass length hair. Grace caught off guard let out a deafening cry.
"Calm down. It's just your Tutor." Brit creases a brow.
"Sorry. You scared me."
"I have a favor. You share Tara Zellers Art class. I dared her to let two other guys lick her pussy. Let me know if you see her do it."
"Dare me. Dare me." Grace giggles.
"All in good time." She holds her palms up as if taming her spirit.
"I'll report in later. I have to go." Grace points to class.
"Ditto. See ya."
As class begins Grace chooses to sit beside Tara. They didn't know each other at all. At certain points Tara had even ridiculed the Mennonite beauty. That would change.
"Hi. I'm Grace. Brit asked me to help you in any way I could."
Tara raises a brow, "You know Brit?"
"Very well." She winks at the cheerleader.
"Wow! Never would have guessed. The dare I presume?"
"Yes." Grace teases her with a tongue lash then covers her mouth trying not to laugh.
Tara couldn't help but smile and whisper, "Not much to pick from in here. Besides she and Dawn need to choose for me. Well, I guess I choose one myself. But nobody excites me."
Looking around the room she frowns at every single boy there.
"Does it have to be a boy?" Grace poses.
"Umm! I've never you know...been with a girl." She cautiously murmurs.
"Neither have I."
Tara narrows her eyes, "You've had sex before? Again, never would have guessed that."
Warmly smiling Grace uses her hand to act as if giving head.
"Oh, I'm still a virgin. But, I'm getting there."
Tara couldn't help but smile, "I don't think I want anybody from this class."
"Whatever you decide. I'm certain you will fulfill your quest."
"Thanks for the vote of confidence, Grace. Wait I thought your name was "Emily"."
"It is. My birth name is Emily Grace. I prefer Grace. My family calls me Grace too. Any time you need a friend let me know."
As class came to order they were instructed to draw with charcoal. The teacher assigns the students to choose someone else in the class to draw.
As each of the class prepares their paper Grace taps Tara on the shoulder.
"That boy is watching you."
Tara glances along the path of Grace's finger to spot a gently buff boy with short brown hair. The boy nods at her in return. He then positions his desk and paper to face Tara.
Tara blushes as he begins drawing her. His bobbing attentiveness kept her from her own assignment.
"I don't know him even." Tara whispers to Grace.
Grace shrugs, "I believe his name is Trent. You should pose for him."
Tara fidgets deciding to draw Trent himself out of retaliation. She in turn scoots her seat to face him. In the process she felt daring and gently slid her skirt high. He could see her pussy in the shadows.
Stopping his sketching to take her boldness in, she winks at him and tugs it up even more. She then whispers, "Draw me."
He smirks at her and continues on his mission. Tara had also began drawing Trent. She originally giggles to herself after drawing Trent with a massive erection under his jeans. She slyly shows him her mischief which makes him turn beet red.
Trent now vengeful draws her pussy with a huge gapping hole. Before showing her he places his finger on the hole.
Her eyes bulge and she gets wet instantly. He toys with her by using his finger to jab the drawn hole multiple times.
Squinting at him playfully she returns to her drawing and improves on it before releasing it to his attention. She pinched toward the sketched erection then used her fingers as if stroking him.
Trent almost burst, feeling his dick rise at their playful nature. He silently laughed and for a moment hid his eyes with his hand. This made Tara look around at her teacher Ms. Karroll and her fellow artists. Each were distracted by their own works of art.
Feeling secure Tara touched her clit for him to see. She then licked her lips.
His reaction was priceless. At first awe and curiosity, then temptation. He wags his tongue at her which she merely pauses with an affirmative nod.
His face turns white this time. He wanted to. Shaken by desire he drops his charcoal and pad to the floor. The soft impact was still enough to gather witnesses.
Tara swiftly lowers her skirt and broke the connection with Trent other than their artwork.
At fifteen minutes before class was over "Margaret Karroll" instructed that they show off their talents. Laughing amongst each other the students examined their opponents ability.
Tara showed Trent a nicer if not nerdy sketch of himself kicked back like a slacker. He puckered his amusement then gifted her with a beautifully rendered drawing of her beauty. However he drew a large leg cast on her bad leg. On the cast was his phone number and "Trent was here".
She dropped her jaw and gave him a thumbs up. In return he placed his own thumbs up over his crotch symbolizing his erection.
Grace saw the two bantering then whispers, "I think he licks you...I mean likes you."
Tara chuckles, "We'll see after class."
The final bell rings and the students begin their departure. Outside the class Grace leaves Tara after a whispered, "Good luck."
As Trent steps from the room he casually joins Tara to lean on a wall.
"That was insane." Trent blushes.
"I know. Fun though. I hope you liked what you drew."
He scratches the back of his head nervously, "I did."
Trent then kneels down beside her clicking his pen to literally write what he had drew on her fake leg cast. Number included on her bare leg.
"There now you have my cell number." He looks up at her.
"While you're down there." She giggles lifting her skirt in front to give him an eye level view of her snatch.
He begins sweating and looking around him then finally back up at Tara's eyes on him.
"Lick me." She smiles with her tongue pressed between her lips.
Trent took the offer and moved in for a record time lick over her labia. Tara shivered at his tongue that abandoned her flesh all too quickly. Standing up Trent faced her with bulged eyes. He was speechless.
Tara leaped forward into him and kissed his cheek, "I will call you."
Amazed, Trent watched Tara waddle away.
Reaching her next class "Geography" Tara Zellers was joined by Sophia Pope and Cryssa Apari.
"I saw that. Dawn texted me that you had a challenge. How was it?"
Tara grinned sheepishly, "Two more to go."
"Four more. Cryssa and I have to get in on this."
Tara drops her jaw, "That mean's four more tongues. How am I supposed to do that before schools over?"
The two cheerleaders merely shrug at one another. Neither had any ideas.
Tara groaned and rolled her eyes before hobbling away. Before she could get away Cryssa belted out, "Stewart Maberly".
Tara's eyes bulge as she twists in step, "Noooooooooooooo! He's horrible."
"Britney always says it's not about looks." points out Sophia.
Tara frowns, "Really? Would you let Stewart Maberly lick your clit?"
Wincing both girls shiver at the thought. Seeing their reaction Tara grinned evilly.
"Ok. I'll do it. But, you two have to do whatever I challenge you with another day."
The girls agree then giggle brushing up against each other.
Tara winced at the thought of nerd like Stewart with his thick rimmed glasses. He was lanky and tall with a mild case of acne.
Sitting in the chair next to him was easy. Nobody wanted to sit by him.
"Hi Stewart." Tara sits down adjusting her foot toward him.
He shyly looked up at her and turned red.
"I needed room to stretch my leg out. These chairs are so cramped. I hope you don't mind."
Stuttering he nods, "N-no. Feel free."
"Trust me I do." She fans her skirt up to allow him to see her pussy.
His eyes bulged as the class began.
Substitute Teacher "Joan Davis" began discussing the "Panama Canal". Each time she said "Canal" Tara opened her legs and lifted her skirt. Her pussy gapped open with each knee movement.
Stewart was mesmerized yet nervous. Tara herself bolder.
Joan's discussion of ships moving in and out of the canal made him sweat. Tara found it exhilarating. It was too perfect. She taunted him throughout the entire class until the bell rang. As the room gathered to leave Tara stopped Stewart.
"Can you help me stand up?"
Stewart nodded and moved in front of her as she struggled to pull herself up. In doing so she dropped her books in front of her. Instinctively Stewart knelt to pick them up. Just as he did she lifted her skirt high and used him to block the view. Her fingers spread her lips open and she whispered, "Please lick my pussy."
Stunned Stewart looked around to find everyone blocking Ms. Davis from spotting them.
"Don't be shy." She encourages.
Knowing he might never get another chance he dives down and licks her labia. The trouble was, one lick led to three, four, and counting. Finally, Tara lifts him away and smiles with eyes wide, "That was awesome."
He grins and shrinks slightly until Tara lifts his chin, "Stop being nervous. I liked it. Thank you."
"W-why Me?" He quivers.
"You looked like you needed cheering up. If you keep this quiet maybe I'll let you finish another time. Deal?"
He nods smiling from ear to ear. He then stands up and pulls her to her feet.
"Can I carry your books to your next class?"
"I have gym next. Raincheck?"
"O-okay." She lets him walk her out into the hall then hugs him quickly.
Sophia and Cryssa stare at her in awe as she joins them limping along.
"Ewww!" Cryssa said.
"Hey. Surprisingly he's good at that."
Grimacing Cryssa looks back at Stewart eying them.
"Be nice to him or I'll make you let him eat you out too." Tara smirks devilishly.
Cryssa bit her tongue and fluttered her fingers his way.
Sophia merely looked the other way with a case of shakes.
Moving to the gym they met Brit and Dawn returning from their own gym class.
"How goes it, Lickity Split?" Brit teased.
"Two so far. These bozos added pressure on me."
Cryssa laughed, "I made Stewart Maberly lick her."
Tara stood up for him, "You let him eat you out for ten minutes. You deserve it for mocking me."
"What?" Cryssa drops her jaw.
"You heard me."
The Filipino beauty pouts, "I hear you."
Brit pats Tara on the back, "I'm proud of you."
Tara smiles nervously, "Trent licked me too. That's three tongues today."
Brit nods puckering, "Good."
Sophia jumps in with, "I can't decide who I want to let lick her."
Dawn sighs, "So, Sophia, Me, and Brit still have choices."
Tara rolls her eyes holding her breath, "Who's next?"
Before anyone could say anything Corey Booker and a friend stomped toward them grumbling.
"Thanks Foxx. I tried auctioning those panties off but Coach Dawson intercepted them. Now we have to go see Principal Harding. Detention for sure." Corey sneered.
Brit chuckled, "Chill out. I got this."
The boys shake their heads and move on toward Harding's office.
Tara stood stunned, "Dawson has my underwear? Oh my God!"
Cryssa snarls, "He's probably sniffing them right now."
Tara whines as Brit whispers something to Dawn beside her. Dawn's eyes bulge. Whistling makes Dawn turn away.
In response Tara cringes, "What?"
Brit grabs her by the shoulders.
"Coach Dawson."
All of the girls froze in awe.
"You want Dawson to lick me? Are you crazy?"
"You can do this, trust me." Brit winks at her.
"I can't do this. I fail."
Brit nods, "Okay. Let's at least go get your panties back."
Brit and Dawn join her on her journey as Sophia and Cryssa return to classes.
In the gym Brit guides her further downstairs to Dawson's office. A knock on the door hears a loud, "It's open."
The two girls enter and shut the door. Dawson sat at his desk.
"What can I do for you?" He grumbles.
Brit pats Tara on the back, "Tara needs her panties back."
Dawson leans forward with a crease in his brow. He then lifts the panties up from his lap.
"These belong to you?"
Tara Zellers whimpers, "Yes. They're mine."
"Booker was trying to sell these things. What the hell's that about?"
Brit steps back and lets Tara confront the situation.
"Ummm! I needed lunch money."
Dawson sits back laughing under his breath, "That's all they're worth?"
Tara turns pale mumbling, "For the next month."
He notes Tara's bruised ankle wrapped up, "Need to get off that foot?"
"Yes."
He scoots his chair back then pats the desk in front of him. Tara hesitantly looked at Brit.
Britney shrugs, "Been there, done that. It's comfy."
Tara cringed then shuffled over to his desk and carefully sat up on it.
Dawson sat back eying her hands in her lap covering the front of her skirt. He rubbed his chin then brought her panties up to his nose. Inhaling he nods.
Tara swallows and bites her lip then removes her hands. On the way up she lifts her skirt to reveal her glistening labia.
Dawson studies it with a smile, "That's nice."
Tara calms her nerves, "You can lick it if you give me my panties back and get Corey and Greg out of trouble with Harding."
Nodding in thought he slides his chair forward and leans in to flick his tongue over her clit. She felt nauseous but let him lick six more times. He lifts away using her panties to wipe his chin. With a puckered nod he dangles her panties up for Tara to retrieve.
"Thank you Coach Dawson." Tara whispers.
"No problem. This NEVER happened. Understood? Strike it from memory."
With a feverish nod Tara slips off the desk and joins Brit. Brit looked sad that she endured that.
"Why are you all pouty? You got what you wanted."
Tara hobbles through the door followed by Brit. Reaching the stairs Tara turns to Brit.
"Here! Keep my panties. I'm not done with my challenge yet."
Without so much as an expression Tara heads up into the gymnasium. As she hobbles toward her own Coach who spots her while pointing to the bleachers to sit, Tara listens.
Just before sitting Dawn rejoined them just in time to hear the intercom system barrel out, "TARA ZELLERS, PLEASE REPORT TO THE PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE".
All jaws dropped as Tara looked at the ground.
Swiveling carefully Tara limped away toward the office, Brit and Dawn behind her by five steps. A miserable journey later Tara marches into the outer office of Principal Harding.
The lady at the front desk faintly smiled, "Go on in Tara."
Before she could enter Dawn tugged her uniform sleeve. Whispering in her ear Dawn says, "Principal Harding."
Tara whines and closes her eyes. Without a word she enters the office and notices that Corey and Greg were no where in sight.
Harding stands up and moves around his desk, "How's that ankle?"
She mutters, "Really tender."
"I'm sorry to hear that. Please take a seat."
Sitting carefully Tara notes Harding sit on the edge of his desk beside her.
"Do you know why you are here Miss Zellers?"
"Not really." She attempts.
Scowling caused her to shy away her gaze.
Before he could say another word Tara blows the hair from her brow and hikes her skirt up in front.
"Fine! Yes they were my panties. I'm going commando today. Lick me while I'm still in a good mood."
Stunned by her gruff attitude Harding eyes her pussy. She went so far as to lift her good leg up and over the chairs arm. Tara then spread her lips wide and teased herself.
"Well, now. I'm not certain what brought this on. I was only going to tell you that your Father called and said he wasn't going to make it home tonight. That you were supposed to go stay with your Aunt Alicia."
Her eyes deaden suddenly, "Oh."
She fidgets lightly then looks up at Harding with eyes darting between he and her lap.
Rubbing his neck he grits his teeth. Taking the bait Harding kneels down and licks her. His tongue attacks her rapidly causing her to moan. She allowed him to continue feeding while her eyes moved about the office. She noted a large silver microphone on his desk and suddenly narrowed her eyes. Reaching for it she clicked the button on it and began moaning loudly.
Over the speaker system the entire school heard her.
Outside Brit and Dawn bulged their eyes at the secretary who leered toward Harding's door.
Within the office Harding leaped to his feet and reclaimed his Mic.
"Are you trying to make me lose my job?"
She shook her head, "No. Just proving a point to someone. Give me detention. I'll just say I was goofing off. I swear."
"Two days detention. Get out of my office." He points at the door.
She stands up lowering her skirt.
Before her exit Harding stopped her to whisper, "Delicious."
With a wink Tara departs.
Harding follows her out looking at his secretary, "This young lady has detention for two days for that outrage."
Tara puts on a show, "I told you I was just joking. Please don't give me detention."
"I said TWO DAYS. Be lucky I'm not expelling you."
Harding then barges into his office.
Crying Tara races awkwardly out into the hallway.
Brit and Dawn join her expecting to be yelled at.
Tara turns with a look of amazement, "I'm getting good at this."
Brit is taken back, "Dang. You rival me. Slut!"
Dawn could only stare in awe.
"One more right?"
"Yep. This one is for Sophia." Brit kneels down and lifts Tara's skirt and licks her pussy three times before rising.
"Doesn't taste like chicken. Nope definitely no chicken in these parts."
The girls all laughed as one.
Taste Buds forever.