Neither of them knew that this was the day their story truly began.
Jack was bored. He was in the Canary Islands on a work trip and when he was done with his meetings, he stumbled onto the beach. He felt it was wasn't by accident, but more like something was drawing him to it.
He had been wondering on the shore for about an hour when he saw her. She was laying down on her stomach, head propped up with her arms, reading something on her phone. Her long dark hair was pulled back into a pony tail and she wore a small bikini the top of which wasn't tied. Her skin looked so soft and inviting. Jack's eyes moved slowly over her body, taking in every curve and mound.
He couldn't believe his luck. Who stumbles upon a more perfect women alone. Even though the beach around her was rather empty, he wasn't sure if he should sit down. Would she notice him if he was sitting? Would it be creepy if he went right up next to her and sat down?
She was so beautiful, so sexy. His cock grew hard at the mere sight of her. He watched as she propped herself up a bit more, her breasts bouncing slightly from the movement. She lay there for a few moments, putting her phone away as she was looking around. She nodded at him so he sat down next to her and took off his shirt. Damn it was hot out.
She turned her head and took an appraising look at him. His abs were beautiful. There was no other word for the perfect shape of his rigid abs and the deep tantalizing lines v-ing down below his pants. And the bulge in his work pants was flat out impressive.
"Hi," she said softly, "I'm so sorry to bother you, but I don't know anyone here and I was wondering if you could help me?"
"Sure, what do you need?" He replied, his dick twitched and got even harder as he imagined all the ways he would like to help her.
The sound of her voice was husky and full of desire, he doubted he was capable of hiding his thoughts right now either. She flipped over now, breasts jiggling under the untied fabric of her bikini top, straining to be free, As it hung open, it began to expose her dark nipples.
She smiled at him and said, "You seem to be enjoying the view."
He blushed, was he staring? "Um, yeah, I guess I am. You're so beautiful, its hard to look away. How did one compliment someone else without sounding so stupid?
"Thanks, so do you ming helping me out?"
He nodded, making her smile, "Of course I don't mind, what can I do for you?"
"I need someone to help me spread this oil on my front. I look like casper the ghost and I am trying to get some sun, so this vacation isn't a complete waste," she confided. "I came here by myself, looking to be distracted and have some fun, but so far all I have been is alone."
"I think I can help you with that." Jack said "I'm here alone too,"
She licked her perfect full lips, "In that case..." she reached behind her and removed her top. Her breasts bounced free, the nipples fully erect. He now couldn't help but licking his own lips. She then took it even further, untying her bottoms.
Mark realized her was very overdressed now. "I better take of these pants," he murmured "I wouldn't want to get any...oil on them."
She giggled and lay backdown, spreading her legs wide causing her bikini to slide off of her entirely. He stood up and undid his pants, pulling them and his boxers down in one shot. His cock sprang free and bounced a little. She let out a gasp which quickly turned into a moan of admiration. He felt himself grow even harder to that sound.
"So, where's that oil?" he asked.
She pointed to a bottle on the ground. Jack bent over and picked it up. He unscrewed the lid and poured some of the liquid into his hands. He rubbed it between his hands until it warmed. Then he put his hands on her shoulders.
"I'll start with your neck," he whispered in her ear. He began to work the oil into her skin, feeling her shiver. He slowly worked his way down her body, sliding his hands down her sides and back up, lingering just above her breasts. He could see goose bumps forming on her skin and he knew that she was starting to feel the effects of his hands on her body like he was.
He continued down her body, rubbing more oil into her skin, making sure to cover every inch of her skin, but avoiding her more sensitive areas. As he circled her breasts again he looked up at her face. Her eyes were closed and her mouth was slightly open, and her breathing was hitched.
"I don't think you paid nearly enough attention to my breasts, they need your attention too, or they might burn, " she said, her voice soft and breathy but she gave Jack a little wink. That was the permission he was waiting for.
He leaned down and began to massage her tits. They were firm and round, and he was mesmerized by the way they moved with his hands.
"Oh god yes!" She moaned, arching her back as he squeezed and kneaded her. breasts. He moved from one to the other, squeezing and pitching her nipples.
"Oh fuck," she exclaimed, "That feels so good! What ever you do, please don't stop"
Jack loved that. He liked knowing what his girl liked and making it happen for her. He wanted to know she was having as much fun as he was. He leaned down and kissed her right breast, then he sucked her nipple into his mouth and flicked it with his tongue. She let out a cry of pleasure. He switched to the left and did the same thing.
"Oh yes!" she cried. He continued sucking on her tits, alternating between the two. Then he took a risk and leaned down to kiss her on the mouth. he didn't let up his teasing of her breasts. Squeezing and pulling both nipples just as they locked lips.
She gasped a little and Jack took this opportunity to part her lips with his tongue and explore her mouth. She opened up, clearly accepting his tongue, sucking on it and letter her own tongue dance with his. He pulled back after a few minutes, breathing heavily.
"What's you name," he gasped in a whisper.
"Amy," She replied, "You?"
"Jack," he replied. Both letting out a little giggle. "Amy, you have an incredible body. Would you like me to make you feel even better?"
"Oh please!" she began to beg.
Jack was beginning to feel in control again. "Alright, I'll take great care of you. I promise." Jack placed a deep kiss on her lips. "But first we need to finish applying the oil."
Amy moaned, half in disappointment at the delay, have in increased anticipation that was making her increasingly wet.
Jack kneeled down between her legs and spread her wide open. He rubbed more oil into her inner thighs, slowly working his way up. He smiled as she shuddered. He then ran his fingers slowly up and over to her slit, coating the whole area in oil. She let out a moan and he knew she was ready for whatever he had in mind next.
He placed his fingers high in between the lips of her cunt slowly inching them down until Amy's body jolted towards him. He had found her clit. He began to rub his oil slicked fingers over her most sensitive area watching her arching and bucking. He leaned down to suck and nip at her nipples again as he continued to tease her clit.
Amy was really moaning now. She bucked against his fingers and mouth and Jack knew she was about to cum. He kept up his assault on her clit, and used his other hand to push a finger inside her. She started to pant now as he was teasing her nipple with is mouth and using both hands to please her. He pushed a second finger in and she bucked harder against him. She was going to be so fun to fuck.
He pushed a third finger in as she continued to scream and moan. She was so close. Jack flicked his tongue against her nipple again and then bit down just enough to make her scream out in ecstasy. He kept fingering her as she came, but gave her some space to enjoy her aftershocks. After a little more than a minute she collapsed on the ground, panting and gasping for air.
Jack watched her, smiling. He stopped fingering her and licked his fingers. She tasted better than he imagined.
"That was incredible," Amy panted. She had never cummed that hard the first time with a guy. They didn't usually understand how she liked to be handled. She loved the onslaught of multiple sensations, her whole body being used at once. She smiled at him and her attention was almost immediately caught. His cock was on the larger end of her experience, but what. excited her now was not his impressive girth or length, it was the veins straining and the precum beginning to bead and its perfectly erect poster. Even this man's poster was fucking sexy. "Looks like you enjoyed that too," she whispered.
"You were amazing," Jack said. He meant it too. He has never been this turned on by a women without being touched before. He felt the building up of pressure in his balls and felt like he might cum just from watching her loose control and shatter. Had he ever been this hard before? Was he turning a blue-ish purple from the desire to be touched by the goddess before him? He knew one thing, he wasn't going to be able to walk away from her now.
"I'd love to return the favor," Amy purred. She smiled and stood up walking towards him. She began to kneel when Jack put a finger under her chin.
"We aren't alone anymore." Jack indicated the small audience around them. Amy's moans had attracted several other people near them on the beach. There were some couples, in different stages of undress, though none as naked as Amy and Jack. There were a few guys though, that were hanging out by themselves naked and jerking off to the sounds and sights around them.
The Canary Islands have a bit of a reputation for being lax on public sex. Some of these men clearly made a habit of finding willing couples to watch, and perhaps join. "Oh I see some others have enjoyed our little performance," she laughed, turning around to look at them.
"Let's really give them a show," Amy said, and dropped to her knees. Jack was delighted that their audience didn't deter her. He was not ready to say goodbye to her yet, and he wasn't sure she would want to come back to his hotel with her. Plus, if he was being honest, performing for an audience always made things hotter.
Jack realized how distracted he had gotten when he felt Amy's hot breath on his cock. He looked down at her and thankfully didn't miss the moment she took him in her mouth and began to suck on it. He groaned, loudly, loving the sensation of having this hot woman sucking on his cock while strangers looked on jealously.
Amy began to bob her head up and down, taking his entire length into her mouth more than a few times. Jack was flabbergasted, no other women had been able to take in his whole length and girth like this before. He put his hand on the back of her dark head pushing her even further onto his cock. She began to moan and he felt her tongue swirling around his shaft. He was so close to cumming before they even started that he had no patients for slow swirly head right now. That would have to wait. He held her head still for a moment and fucked her mouth.
She gaged once and he immediately pulled out, leaving a trail of saliva on his cock. She groaned and grabbed Jack hips and he took that as a sign to push her back down and she gratefully took him all the way in, deep throating him.
Jack groaned and begun to thrust his hips forward, fucking her face. He gripped he long hair and tugged just enough to get a better angle and fuck her throat even deeper and harder. She gagged a little, but mostly she was moaning around him, the sensation driving him ever closer to cumming.
She pulled off him for a quick moment to catch her breath. "Is our audience enjoying my show?" She asked. Jack glanced around. A few of the men were opening staring now, cocks erect. A few of the women were clearly turned on and either jerking off their partner or rubbing one out on their own. One couple was fucking while staring right at them. There were more people here now, and they had moved even closer.
Jacked nodded to Amy and warned, "if we keep going like that, your going to make me cum."
"You can cum where ever you want, she replied, licking her lips and staring up at him. Her hands had found his cock now, and she was foundling his balls and lazily pulling on his cock.
"Where ever I want? Jack asked.
She smiled and stood up to kiss him passionately. "In my mouth, my pussy, my ass, anywhere you want I want to be marked by you." Jack was once again amazed. This women was perfect. "But first, if you don't mind," Amy said as she reached down and grabbed his cock, "let me finish you off in my mouth."
Jack let out a belly laugh, wish abruptly transformed into a moan as Amy returned her attention to his cock. He was happy that she didn't wait for him to answer, and took what she wanted from him. She was determined now to make him cum in her mouth before the decided what to do next. She had never had so much fun with a guy before. They always got so possessive that they wouldn't let others watch or admire. They were never willing to try her fantasies and never fully possessed her like Jack did.
She sucked on him, running her tongue around the head and then down his shaft. She licked his balls and tasted his salty pre-cum. She ran her tongue up the underside of his cock, stopping just before the tip. She reached one hand under him and teased his taint.
His groaning got louder and he began pushing his cock deeper into her mouth again. She didn't mind and took him as far as she could and then backed off, all the while running her tongue wherever she could. She blew and sucked and ran her tongue, feeling him respond differently to each sensation. She returned to teasing his taint first with her nails, then with her tongue.
This made Jack moan again and he grabbed her by the hair again, pulling her onto his cock. Amy happily obliged realizing that she was building up to her own orgasm again. Had she ever cum just from pleasuring another before? She moaned and sucked harder. Then she wrapped her hand up between Jacks legs and stuck her finger in his ass. To her delight he get upset, but just like she thought he clearly enjoy it and he moaned again as his balls tightened.
Jack was harder and more turned on then he had ever been in his entire life. He had always secretly wished someone would do this to him before, but he was afraid to ask. He hadn't known what he was missing. He fucked her mouth faster and faster until he couldn't take it anymore.
His cock erupted in her mouth. Amy tried to swallow it all but there was too much. Some of it dripped out of her mouth and down her chin, landing on her breasts. She swallowed the rest and continued to stroke his cock lazily until he was soft. He finally moaned and collapsed onto the sand beside her.
Amy wiped the cum from her chin and licked her fingers clean, but she decided to leave the trail the was running down her chest. She looked around and noted that their audience had really grown now. There were about 20 people gathered around them now. Mostly couples touching and holding each other while they watched, but there was some single guys too. They were watching intently, stroking themselves and eagerly awaiting whatever was next.