Hi, I'm Amanda and I'm on summer break from college. Something happened to me last month, it was kind of embarrassing, but I have to tell someone. I can't tell my friends because they'll think that I'm a total freak. I mean, I am a freak, but you know what I mean. Anyway, I just have to get this off my chest so here goes
There's a national forest that's only a 30 to 45 minute drive from me and I just gotten into hiking. I mean, I used to run track in high school, but that's only because my parents made me do it, but anyway, I got into trail running, which is pretty cool, but I wanted something more challenging so I took up hiking and I love the challenge of difficult trails and the solitude and peace of being in nature. Anyway, you're probably wondering what I look like. I'm 5'4" and weigh – well, a girl doesn't tell people that – and I got dark brown hair that comes to my shoulders but I usually keep it in a ponytail. I like being low maintenance. Well, there's an area in the forest that I found that's really pretty, it's an open clearing with a small stream and you can cross the stream by walking on the rocks. Anyway, I decided to go hike near there, but I wanted to go when other people won't be there, so I took off on a Wednesday. I wore my usual hiking shoes, mid-thigh shorts, and a t-shirt. I grabbed my backpack and threw in the usual stuff, couple bottles of water, trail mix bars, band-aids and some first aid stuff, sunscreen, insect repellent, a small towel (wipe away sweat), my phone and keys, and I decided, what the hell, I grabbed my dildo too. It's only 8 inches, but it hits my spot, if you know what I mean. Sometimes when I'm out alone nature, well it tingles and I try not to pay attention to it and just keep hiking, but this time I figured maybe, just maybe, I'll give into it. I mean, I'm on summer break and I got nothing else to do. I really don't know why I grabbed it, it just seemed like the thing to do. But seriously, I felt kind of mischievous carrying my dildo in my backpack.
Anyway, it was absolutely gorgeous outside. The last couple of days were really humid, but that day it felt like a nice spring day, even though it was summer. Well, I got the trailhead, parked, and hit the trail. You have to go about 4 miles on the trail and then go off the trail for about 2 miles to get the spot by the stream. By the time I got there, I was wiping the sweat away, and I already took off my t-shirt when I was on the trail, but I wasn't topless, I had a sports bra on. My clitty was tingling a little bit, but not so much I had to do something about it. I crossed the stream, hopping from rock to rock, and took a break, ate a trail mix bar and had some water. It felt so good to feel the sun on me and only hear birds and wind, and feel the coolness from the stream. I decided to take off my hiking shoes and socks and dipped my feet in the stream, which isn't that deep, maybe a yard deep. I was still sweaty from the hike so I splashed some stream water on my face. The water wasn't yucky, it looked clean, but I wouldn't drink from it. Anyway, I was still kind of sweaty, my sports bra had sweat spots on it, so I looked around, took off my sports bra, dunk it in the stream and wrung water out if and laid it out on a rock to dry.
Feeling the sun and the gentle breeze on my now exposed breasts felt so, well, I can't describe it. It just felt good. It felt natural. Then I figured, since I'm out in nature, why not get au naturel? I was already half way naked, so I the shorts and panties came off in one pull. My heart was pounding and I kept looking around, but all I saw were the trees, birds, the forest. The breeze blew across my body and it felt like it took my anxiety away too. I tiptoed on the rocks that bridged the stream. I got to middle of the stream and sat down on the rock. It was smooth felt cool on my bottom. I put my legs in the water and kicked my legs around in it. It felt so good, being out in nature in my natural state that my clitty throbbing to the point that a mischievous grin developed on my face. I got off the rock and went back to where my stuff was and got my dildo, the whole time my finger was rubbing my clit. I went back to the rock, then I heard it. I heard a snap of twigs or sticks. My anxiety came back and I scanned 360 degree around me. I saw two squirrels chasing each other up a tree. Whew! It was just squirrels.
I got back to the rock, and stuck the dildo on it. It has a suction cup base and it was on really good since the rock was wet. My pussy was getting wetter and I just had to have something in me deep. I straddled the dildo slowly, letting it ease in, my juice lubricating it. I crouched down so low that I was practically sitting on it. I let go of myself and sat on it! Oh fuck, it was sensory overload! I humped my dildo, with one hand pinching my nipple. I sat on it and would pick myself back up a little and sit on it again. Every deep thrust hitting my spot, I closed my eyes and just focused on rhythmic movements. I'd open my eyes and see only the nature. MMMmmm here I was, a naked girl with a trimmed pussy, humping a dildo, out in the middle of a clearing in a national forest. My legs were shaking, my palms were on the rock and I tried to push myself up off the dildo, when the orgasm hit. It hit so hard that my arms gave way and the dildo rammed into my tight wet cunt. (Yea, when I get turned on, I talk dirty.) Fuck, I swear when that happened, it make the orgasm more intense, so much that I had to get up off the dildo.
I pushed my heels against the rock, under the water, to brace myself as I tried to push myself off the dildo, as I tried to get up. The key word is "try." I really tried, but the rock was slippery and my arms were worn out. Every time I tried to get off the dildo, my arms would shake and I'd fall back on the dildo, hitting that spot. My arms were passed the point of being tired. I just had to get off the dildo. When I fell back on it, I'd try to wiggle side to side to loosen the suction cup, but it was holding like, I don't know, it just wouldn't budge! It's like I was forced to fuck myself on that dildo! If I let my arms rest, the dildo would be totally in me, making me moan and groan, driving me more into delirious ecstasy! If I tried to push myself off the dildo, my arms would shake and give away, making the dildo impale me.
I tried to keep my moans low, but I don't even remember if I was being loud or not. At the time, I just didn't care, I wanted off that dildo, but the more I tried, the more I lost my mind and became a hot pile of quivering flesh. Fuck, I think I almost squirted a couple of times too! My clit was so engorged! I remember I gave up at one point and let the dildo fill me as my hands roamed my body, playing with my nips, rubbing my clit, oh fuck I even put a finger in my ass! (I don't do anal, except when I get really horny, and I was past the point of being really horny!) I was swooning really bad, then I heard it, a snap and a rustle of leaves. My first thought was "squirrels again or maybe a deer or maybe something else?" My "something else" thought turned into a "someone else." It was like a splash of ice water and my breath being sucked out of me. I froze, glancing around as far as I could turn my head. My heart was in my throat. I saw a couple of squirrels and I sighed.
And then I saw him. I gasped and covered myself with my arms. He was an older bigger guy, with a grey beard and mustache. His red flannel shirt stuck out among the green trees and so was his grin and so was his phone's camera pointed right at me!
To be continued...