***Disclaimer***
Some readers may find this material disturbing. This story fetishizes guns and the threat of death (but not death itself). It is a borderline consensual story about dominance and submission through use of a weapon. You have been warned.
****************
Ashley sat nervously in her car. She must have spent 45 minutes just shuffling through apps on her phone, deciding whether or not to go in. She came here for danger, for excitement. She might not get either, or she may be in way over her head.
Ashley had no idea what to expect. She was your average, preppy girl from northern California. Twenty Three, athletic, blonde, carefree, and with parents rich enough to afford her just about all the luxuries she could handle. Her life had been easy. Whatever she couldn't get with money, she got with her looks. Men had competed for her attention ever since she was in middle school. Even more once she grew into those fantastic C-cup breasts and that cheerleader-toned ass.
However recently she had begun to resent it. It was her senior year of college and she was finally looking at the real world. She had very few marketable skills, almost no idea of how to take care of herself, and to top it off she majored in English. Upset with her parents about her sheltered upbringing and their recent dismissal of this issue as "silly", she felt a completely unfamiliar desire to rebel. She decided not to go home for Thanksgiving this year. That would show them how serious she was.
Instead she went home with Abby, her best friend from college, to Sweetwater, Texas. Here, Abby assured her, she would have plenty of time and space to think about things. Long trail rides on her family horses, a few days at some very quiet lakes, and of course her best friend's love and support. Despite all this, Ashley just became more and more furious the more she thought about her situation. She needed to do something drastic. She needed to let go of this person she was and experience something real.
So here she was at Jackson's Arms. A local gun and sporting store on the outskirts of town. Small towns being what they are, Abby's family tended to gossip over dinner, and Ashley overheard the owner of this store was a little off. Ted Jackson was known for being generally irate, racist, and misogynist; even by small southern town standards. Ashley wasn't sure what she was doing here, she had never even seen a gun before. All she knew was that Ted Jackson was the kind of man she was sheltered from all her life, and she needed to see why.
So she sat in her car and looked out towards the store. She wore her fashionable California style clothes; very small tight shorts, a tank top that exposed her stomach, as well as designer sunglasses and sandals. It was only slightly chilly outside, and it was important to Ashley that Ted know she wasn't from around here. She wasn't exactly sure why.
She finally composed herself, got out of her 2013 Jaguar F-Type convertible, and walked into the dingy gun shop.
The first thing she noticed was the smell; smoke, polish, and other things she couldn't quite place. The walls were lined with rifles, shotguns, targets, camo suits, riot gear, military clothes, and even explosives! She was shocked that you could even own this much firepower, yet alone sell it. She walked passed some stacks of ammo and other supplies closer to the front of the store, trying to get a first look at Mr. Jackson.
He sat behind a glass case, feet up, watching something on a small antennae TV. He was probably in his mid forties, maybe older. His hair was greying on the sides under his cap, and his face was weathered with a fair amount of wrinkles. He stood up once he noticed Ashley, revealing a tall and slightly overweight frame. He wore a short sleeved green button down shirt and very old jeans. His face grimaced slightly as he greeted her.
"Excuse me, Are you lost?" He questioned.
"No, I know where I am." She immediately recognized her tone as slightly dismissive and disrespectful. This wasn't her intention, but it's how she has learned to speak to people. This was the sort of thing she was working on changing.
Ted was slightly taken aback, "Uh, okay." He stammered off guard.
He watched her move about the aisles, looking at firearms he was almost certain she knew nothing about. He couldn't stand women like this. Uppity women from the city, who are only good for spending money and treating hard working people like dirt.
After a few minutes he asked again, "Hey, can I help you with something?"
"I doubt it." Once again she was dismissive. She knew this attitude was coming from a place of nervousness, but was also aware that she must sound like a bitch. Honestly, she was intrigued. She had thousands of questions about what she was seeing, it was all new. It was all dangerous. She was particularly interested in the assault rifles. She had seen them in movies but didn't think they were actually allowed outside of war.
Ted noticed her near the assault rifles, and that was just to ridiculous to not speak up about.
"Hey, look, you're obviously in here buying something for your dad, or grandpa, or somebody. Just let me help you. Who are you buying for? They hunt?" He asked in a serious tone. She was irritating him. She was obviously wealthy, so she could afford the products, he just wanted her to buy something and get out.
"I'm here for myself, thank you very much." Now she was antagonizing him. Seriously, what did she think she was doing?
"Alight, I'm trying to be polite, but now your just pissing me off. What the fuck are you doing here?" He questioned, clearly angry. This little stupid girl was clearly just here to tease him. Fuck her. She came walking in here all disrespectful, and wearing almost nothing. Ted wished he could teach her a lesson, do something to fix that damn attitude of hers.
Ashley walked over to the counter where Ted was standing. He towered over her. She looked down into the glass case to avoid his gaze and noticed a set of handguns.
"I'm looking for a gun I can carry, like a handgun, but so far I don't see anything powerful enough." She was making this up, and she hoped she didn't sound stupid. She just didn't want to leave yet. This place was enthralling!
"Are you fucking kidding me!" Ted shouted. He reached into the case and grabbed a particularly expensive firearm and held it in front of Ashley.
"This is a Colt M1911 .45 caliber ACP semi-automatic pistol. It has been with us through World War I, World War II, Korea, Vietnam, and is still widely used by spec ops around the world. Your telling me this Nazi killing machine ain't enough power for you? A little bitch from L.A. or New York or some shit!"
Ashley's body responded to the man's intensity. She was afraid, but also excited. She wasn't sure of this new feeling, but she was enjoying it for now.
"Is that the gun you use?" She said in a much softer tone, almost seductive. This change in tone briefly confused Ted. Now he was sure she was toying with him. First acting like a bitch, now suddenly like a slut? He put the gun back in the case quickly.
"No I use something particularly bad ass. I'll show you." He quickly walked passed Ashley to the front door and locked it. Then back towards the rear of the shop and down a hallway behind the counter.
"What are you doing?" She asked, visibly shaken.
"Come on, you want to see power? I have something special." He said, barely stopping as he walked passed her towards his office.
Now she was in trouble and she knew it. She could easily just turn and run towards the door. It was a hand lock, meant to keep people out not in. He was apparently closing the store while they go in back, but she knew his intentions were not exactly pure. She stood their watching him walk away for a few moments. She rationalized that this was why she came here, for better or for worse. She then bit her bottom lip, and slowly followed him down the hallway.
She stepped into his office. The walls were lined with trophies, certificates, and some more weapons which must be rare or special somehow. Ted was already behind his desk opening a lower cabinet.
He drew out an incredibly large handgun, easily twice as large as his hand. The gun's polished chrome made it easily the brightest object in the room, including the trophies, and the heavy weight of the object seemed obvious as the muscles in his right arm tensed.
"This is the Magnum Research Desert Eagle .50 Caliber. American Designed. Tested and refined in Israel. Back to America for precision manufacturing." He stated proudly.
He then slammed a large clip of ammunition into the handle. Loudly cocked the slide back, and released it into position. Then aimed the fully loaded weapon directly at Ashley's face.
"The weapon fires a round so powerful that not only would you die instantly if I pulled this trigger, but they would also struggle to identify the body, as you entire head and teeth would be shredded." He said calmly. He couldn't believe what he was doing. Sure he was mad, he hated this bitch, but he had never threatened anyone like this before. He knew what he was doing was illegal, and he was scared of what might happen, but he sure as hell wouldn't show it.
Ashley however, was quite obviously fearful. Her eyes began to tear up as she stared down the barrel of the gun. She could feel her heart pounding, and could hear it in her ears. Her hands trembled as she brought them up instinctively close to the front of her body, as if to hug herself, and all her muscles tensed. Despite all this, she did not want to leave.
She was in danger. She was unsure of what was to come. Part of her knew this man would not kill her, but another part screamed that she was already dead. Her breaths became ragged and unsettled.
"It's... beautiful.." she said meekly. A stupid thing to say, she thought, but it was true.
He walked slowly towards her. "Is that what you think?" His arm outstretched, holding the massive weapon steady as he approached. He moved very close to her, the gun mere inches away from her face.
"Apologize." He demanded quietly.
"I'm sorry." She whispered, and then lightly kissed the tip of the barrel. She understood. The gun was an extension of the man. She wanted to show her appreciation, and her submission. She had never behaved liked this before, but she simply understood it. As she looked towards the man, a single tear rolled down her cheek, carrying with it small traces of black mascara.
The kiss caught Ted off guard. He expected tears, maybe begging, but not this. This was weird. This was the craziest thing that had ever happened in his entire life. Hell, he might be going to prison when this was all over. He had no idea what to do. He just stood there for a moment. Then, he gave in to some primal aspect of himself.
"Take off your clothes." He instructed.
Without hesitation she slipped out of her sandals. She lowered her hands slightly to the edge of her tank top, still crossed, and lifted slowly until the fabric passed her head and fell to the ground. She then reached behind her and unclasped her bra, letting it fall forward onto the floor as well. She then hooked her thumbs into her shorts, and lowered both the shorts and her underwear in one motion to her feet. She stepped out of her shorts, and looked up at Ted. She stood before him, not attempting to hide any of herself, and not saying a word.
"Drop to your knees." He said, in a tone similar to a teacher speaking to a child.
She slowly lowered herself to her knees. The gun followed her face downward. She look up towards it, he lips parted due to her heavy breathing. Her chest visibly heaving slowly. Her eyes still wet with tears.
"Open your mouth." He continued.
She slowly opened as requested. He pressed the gun forward against her lips, causing her to open farther than she realized she had to. The barrel of the gun was massive and uncomfortable. The Desert Eagle has edges that were sharp against her cheek, and the iron sight at the top scrapped the roof of her mouth. Regardless, Ashley lovingly received the weapon into her, and softly closed her lips around it.
Ted's blood was boiling. He was fully aware of the power he had. He felt that every second he didn't pull the trigger, she belonged more and more to him. It had been years since he had loved a woman, and he was sure this wasn't love, but it was something and he wanted it.
He slowly moved the weapon back and forth in her mouth. It felt good. He didn't even know her name and she was his. He briefly thought again about going to prison, but he was not about to stop.
Ashley closed her eyes as the weapon began moving, sending more tears down her cheeks. She needed this. She didn't want to die, but if she did, at least she had felt something. She unconsciously moved her right hand to her pussy, and began pleasuring herself. It was a few moments before she noticed, but she didn't stop herself once she did.
Ted noticed immediately. His cock had been hardening as soon as she removed her clothes, but after watching her begin to masturbate with a gun in her mouth, he was as hard as he had ever been. He took his left hand, keeping the gun steady in his right, and removed his belt. He then unzipped his pants and dropped them to the floor.
Ashley knew what was happening, and was prepared to do whatever this man wished. Not for her life, but because she wanted to.
He pulled his cock out of his underwear and stroked it in front of her. He stepped closer to her and slowly removed the gun from her mouth. Her lips didn't even close before the weapon was replaced with his dick. The same reverence she had before transferred immediately to pleasing him.
He on the other hand, was less delicate. He placed his left hand on the back of her head, grabbed her hair, and pushed slowly until his cock was deep in her throat. He held the gun to her temple while he enjoyed this amazing feeling.
This was the first time in her life that she gagged on a cock. Thankfully, she managed to control her gag reflex, and did not vomit. Her hands reflexively left her pussy and moved up towards the mans legs. However, she did not push back and try to stop him. That's what she had done in the past, with previous boyfriends who attempted something similar, but this situation was obviously different. If he wanted his cock there, then she needed to make it happen.
He took advantage of her acceptance. He thrust in repeatedly, as deep as possible. Each time Ashley's chin came to rest on his balls he groaned with pleasure.
"This is what you deserve." He told her. "This is your place. Take my cock."
She believed every word.
"You belong to me. I own every part of you. Thank me!" He demanded.
He then removed his cock from her mouth to allow her to speak. She gasped for breath momentarily before replying, "Thank you, sir."
"Good slut." He said, filling her mouth once again.
They continued in this way for some time. He simply used her. She was simply used. Tears streamed down her face, covering her cheeks with black marks. Her hair became disheveled, and her chin and chest wet with spit from her toil. She worked harder than she ever had before, with no concern of herself. She let go of everything and was only in the moment. For that instant, nothing was as important as pleasing this person.
He was almost finished with her. His balls tensed as his orgasm approached. He held her head firmly as he fucked her face with intense speed. When he came, he shot a few times in her throat and then removed himself, and finished the rest on her face. He moved his cock across her features, spreading his cum in her once pristine makeup.
She accepted the semen in her mouth and swallowed quickly. She closed her eyes as his cock finished on her face and accepted this as well. She breathed heavily; coughing and panting as she came to control her throat once again.
Ted leaned back against his desk to regain his bearings. "Get the fuck out of my store." He said, as he lifted the weapon again with apparent conviction.
Ashley grabbed her clothes as rapidly as she could, forgetting her sandals, and ran from the room. She barely stopped when unlocking the front door and continued running to her car. Throwing her clothes in the back of her convertible, she sat down, cranked the engine, and floored the petal; speeding down the desert road. She must have hit a hundred miles an hour as she flew down the road into the rural outskirts of town.
After a minute she veered off onto a dirt path and stopped the car. The sun beat directly down on her nude form; the chill of November cooling the air, and not a soul in sight. For a moment there was absolute silence.
Then she sobbed uncontrollably.
She sobbed like she had never sobbed before. She cried with a pain that was previously unimaginable. She held herself tightly, and let everything out.
When she had finished, she sat up and looked herself in the car's rear view mirror. She was a disgusting mess. Hair ruined. Make-up smeared. Breasts wet with saliva. Face stained with cum. Completely exposed to the world. She smiled.
It was the best day of her life.