Sunday morning 8:15 AM
"I think Joshy stretched me out Daddy. My vajayjay is tender."
"Vajayjay?" Lonnie Turner chuckled as he shaved his stubble from his chin. Her glares down at Paige taking a bubble bath beside him. "Is that what you call a vagina these days?"
"It's better than saying pussy."
"You're new to getting fucked Daughter of mine. That's all. You were worried some after Greg too. It's because you're getting some big ass dicks. I'm beginning to wonder what these bastards are eating to get that size."
"A dick size has to do with a healthy diet?"
"I'm kidding. You worried about how big Bryan is?"
"No. He said seven inches when you allowed me to talk to him on the phone after school Tuesday. Daddy...Josh didn't wear a condom. I know you said he had to but he said no condom fits him."
"I'll deal with Josh next time." Finished shaving Lonnie wipes the excess shaving cream from his face, looking for any missed spots. "I know you want to experience everything sex has to offer, but now that my head isn't screwed up by last night, we need to discuss this."
"About him owning me after I graduate?"
"That too." He hadn't told her what He and Josh discussed outside before he left. Now that Lonnie had time to think he felt wrong about cutting deals. Even if Paige was his outlet to fixate his own fucked up fantasies this was his daughter and he loved her dearly. He felt she was only doing this for him. Yet, he also could see it in her eyes how much sex was consuming her thoughts. "This notion of you fucking all of his friends is what bothers me. He told you what 20?"
"25." She flares her eyes, teeth clenched with a hint of fear yet exhilaration.
"That's a lot Paige. That's a fucking gangbang."
"Isn't that the same as being with three of my Uncles?"
"Well...yeah it is. However, do the math Miss Straight A's. Big difference between four including me and 25. Even if I'm there to protect you I can't stop 25 guys on my own. Hell I doubt I could stop Josh."
"You could invite the Uncles to watch and help you if you need it." She blows bubbles from her palm with a goofy expression.
"That wouldn't be a good idea. I don't think we should tell them about any of this. Promise me you won't talk about it in front of them. Uncle Greg is going to drop you off at Bryan's later. So not a word about Josh. Am I clear?"
"Yes Daddy. I don't have to do this with Josh and his friends. I have lots of guys on Tender I can date still."
"I made it clear to Josh last night..."He catches himself not wanting to indulge too much about the insane deals he had with Josh. He was just on an all time lust high when they spoke. He felt like an idiot at the moment. To make matters worse Josh and a few friends were going to meet Lonnie out at the lake while Paige was on her date with Bryan Colby. Lonnie wanted to give Paige a few unexpected surprises. Even if it pissed Bryan off.
"About what?"
He puffs his cheeks and sits down on the side of the bathtub. "Alright listen. I'm going to level with you, but first I need you to be 200% honest with me about what's in your head."
"Ok."
"Are you ONLY wanting to pursue this because you know I'm a fucking pervert?"
"Josh?"
"And friends."
"I think Josh is the sexiest man I've ever seen. I loved fucking him. When he carried me to your bedroom the first time I was terrified. But, once we left the room it felt as if I had conquered the world. If you had really been asleep it would have been hotter." She slouches in the tub allowing her healthy chest to bob up from the bubbles. Her nipples were fierce today thinking about all of this. "When you walked out into the living room and busted him I nearly peed. What you said to him brought the Bear out more. After he carried me over his shoulder to your bedroom again, then fucked me right beside you I wanted things like that more."
"That doesn't quite answer my question."
"I do everything for you because I want you to be you Daddy. Don't they call watching others a Voyeur?"
"Yes they do. But, you're my daughter. That's pretty low. Sick is putting it mild."
"Then I'm sick too. I like it when you watch me being fucked. Do I want Josh to own me? Is that even possible?"
"From what you've told me about your Mother and her man Mark you should have an idea how possible that is."
"Being tied up means being owned?"
"Bondage stuff usually requires a Master and a slave. It sounds like Josh might want to be Master to a degree. I'm not sure I want you to be a slave Paige. Even though..."
"Tell me Daddy. I can accept anything."
"I kind of told Josh he could own you for short periods. I'm not prepared to let you do anything fulltime. We agreed that things like all his friends I had to be there."
"Short periods?"
"Weekend here and there. You're eighteen Paige it's not like I can keep you but I'd like a few more years with you. Cutting you loose leaves me all alone."
"I'm yours forever Daddy. I am your blood."
"When you really find your soulmate I'll let you go. Just don't look to hard for him. You're young and still impressionable. That's why I mentioned dating boys your age."
"I'm not sure I want a boy my age. I guess because I've never dated before Josh and he's 32. Was that even a date?"
"Yes and no. More of a hook up. Mainly because of me."
"Did Daddy pimp me out?" She giggles.
"No money involved but I guess I did." He shakes his head grinning.
"You can pimp me out whenever you want. If it's as fun as last night. I hope today is just as much fun."
"I set you up on Tender to get experience. Not just sex but dating. I figure that Comicon guy can be a real date. Even if I secretly tag along. I'll let you do your thing I'll just hang back."
"But I like teasing. I want to tease Dillon too."
"And Jeff the Rodeo Clown?" He laughs splashing water at her.
"Stop that. I'll get soap in my eyes."
"You're wearing your glasses to take a bath for cripes sake."
Hearing a knock at the door then a gruff, "ANYBODY HOME?" They knew Uncle Greg was early. Lonnie merely looked toward the opened bathroom door and called back, "In here." Paige brightened up but continued her soaking. Lonnie turns the hot water on for her and increases her bubbles. She knew he wanted a tiny show.
Trudging down the hall the bearded biker smirks, "You two taking a bath together now? Every time I see you two you're in hot water." He reaches the door and leans on the threshold. Lonnie nods at Paige and stands up.
"I need to get dressed. You're lucky I'm wearing boxers."
"There is a clothing God." Greg chuckled letting Lonnie pass. "How's the bubbles, Bubbles?"
"Hug me." She sits up in the water offering awaiting arms.
Greg puckers and steps toward the tub and starts to bend down when she climbs to her feet and shows off her gorgeous body covered in patches of foam. Greedily she hugs him. He literally picks her up out of the water and lets her throw her arms around his neck. She wraps her legs around his waist and get his clothes soaked. He didn't care. Having her tits crushed against his chest and his hands on that sweet ass was too much fun. Lifting away from his shoulder she stole a kiss to his lips. After a peck he grins. "Get those lips back in business." She kissed him long and hard. Paige loved kissing Uncle Greg. After three minutes he stands her back in the tub. "Better shut the flood down."
The water level nearly touched the top of the tub. She quickly shut it off and pulled the plug to let some out.
"So you're going on your first real date, huh?"
"Yes, to the lake. Bryan is going to take me riding on a horsey too."
"Sounds fun. Bryan eh? How old is Bryan?"
"I think he said 28. He has his own home. Two horses."
"Your Dad asked me to drop you off and get my opinion of him." Not the full truth. Greg didn't know Lonnie was going to the lake ahead of Bryan and Paige. He was told that Lonnie had to meet up with his ex wife Paula over child support. Greg wasn't totally convinced that was the truth. "Bother you I check him out?"
"No. I just want a ride on your Harley."
"First time on a bike isn't it?"
"Yessssss. First time on a real horsey too." She rests back observing him check out her chest. She intentionally trails a finger around her nipple to keep him interested.
"I guess I need to buy you some ass less chaps for the next ride." He chuckles.
She snorts and blushes, "I would wear them too. I could wear my butt zipper jeans. Same concept."
He looks over his shoulder for Lonnie before mouthing, "Wear them." She shivers and nods. She knew her Dad would know so it wasn't going to be any secret. She was leaving before him so there would be no hiding them. Chances were good Lonnie would be all for it anyway.
"What time is it Uncle Greg?"
"8:46." He looks at his wristwatch.
"I better get ready too. I'm supposed to be at Bryan's at 10:00." She decides to let the water go ahead and empty out seeing as it was already draining the overflow. Seeing a big white towel Greg became a gentleman nd held it out for her. She climbs out carefully and turns her back to him. He hated to hide that beautiful body but he smothered her in cotton. Holding her tight with the towel around her chest he kisses her neck before giving her space. A whisper to her ear got her wet where it counted.
"I'm going to talk your Dad into letting me fuck you again. Alright with you?"
She turns swiftly and bounces in step, "Oh my Gosh! Yessssssss!"
"If you weren't going out with Bryan, I'd take you somewhere and fuck you on that Harley."
"After school some night. Talk Daddy into it. Pleeeeeassssse?"
"I'll see what I can do."
"Yay!" She claps her hands as if praying.
"Get ready. I'm going out there and having a talk with Lon."
"I just need to dry my hair and ohhhhh!" She unwraps her towel. "See how Daddy shaved my pubes?" Drying her hair reminded her he hadn't seen her new arrow. Greg puffed his lower lip and reached down to lightly feel its softness. She blushed but shivered with delight at the same time.
"He did a good job. Points right at your clit."
"I love it. I'm never going to shave it off."
"Can't go wrong. Get ready." He left her wishing he had rubbed her clit. Paige had zero control of her hormones. Her life was changing dramatically. Drying fully she hangs the towel up and breaks out her blow dryer and brush. Once dry she puts her long silky locks up in a ponytail tied with a lacy black ribbon. She would take that brush with her on her date.
Joining Lonnie in the kitchen where he was pouring another cup of coffee, Greg went to the cupboard and grabbed a cup for himself. Lonnie tipped the coffee pot and filled his cup.
"So let me in on things. Don't give me any bullshit I've known you too long." Greg blew into his cup to cool it. He liked it black.
"She's liking this shit way too much. I've created a slut monster."
"Regrets?"
"Off and on. Until I look at her, looking at me and wanting it."
"Y'know at first I thought you were fucking nuts letting us tap the punk. Now I find myself jerking off thinking about her. I'm not gonna apologize for that because you started this Lon."
"Yeah I know. I can't be mad at any of you guys for that. I signed her up for Tender. Thinking maybe guys her age might be my ticket out of this. As of 6:00 this morning she was up to 1.484 dudes messaging her. They just keep coming."
"If you don't put her on lockdown they'll be coming harder." He winks at Lonnie who scowls.
"I hear ya. Crazy thing is all of them are older guys. Youngest I've noticed is 26 I think. They go up to 53. You just know those guys only want arm candy."
"Little blue pill and a second childhood Bro."
"Right. Look at us we're in our late 30's. I thought that was bad enough."
"Maybe I should message her and get a date." Greg narrows his eyes and sips his coffee.
Lonnie shrugs "Go for it. She likes all of her Uncles. It's not like you're true blood relatives."
"Unlike you."
"Don't rub the incest in."
"Brother it's your life. I'm not knockin' ya."
"You want more of Paige don't you?"
"Yup."
"I guess I can't stop you."
"Do you want to stop me?" Greg knew Lonnie was hooked by his freak side.
"No. I'd just rather be around when you guys do."
"Let her breath on her own. You know we'll look out for her."
"I know. Thanks."
"No...thank you." Greg grips his crotch and chuckles.
"Use a condom is all I ask. I stashed some in her book bag earlier. Paula got her on birth control but that's not full proof."
"Nothing is. You rolled the roulette wheel Lon."
Nodding without another word Lonnie looks at the clock on the kitchen stove. "Bout time for me to head out."
"You really meeting Paula?"
"Dammit Greg." He hated lying to his friend. "No. I'm going out to the lake early to spy on her and Bryan after they get there. Supposedly Bryan set up a camp site and has his horse trailer there so they only have to ride one way and have a way home later."
"Fresh air will do her some good. Don't get caught."
"She knows I'm going out there. He doesn't. I haven't met this Bryan so he has no idea what I look like." He ponders a bit. "Shit! I better take our picture off her cell screen in case she shows him accidently." They had taken selfies on her birthday together and one graced her opening screen proudly. "Give me a second." Lonnie sits his cup on the counter and goes to her room finding her cell charging on a bedside stand. Opening it up he finds a text from Bryan saying he was excited and waiting impatiently. A photo attached of he and a beautiful brown horse cheek to cheek. Nodding at the charmer he envisioned her riding it. Naked. Growling at himself he sends her pic to his phone because it was a great Father/Daughter moment. Removing it he replaces it with a picture she took of herself holding her damned teddy bear Fuzzy. It was adorable. Setting it back where it was he headed back to the kitchen.
"Hey Lon? Would you object if I took a few pics of Paige for my phone?"
"Bragging rights?"
"Private moments." He chuckles.
"Just don't show her off to guys that know her outside Mike and Andy."
"Do you really wanna hide her hotness?"
Grimacing he shrugs. "Just don't show them any nudes."
"No promises." Greg was getting cocky.
"You're an asshole Birch."
"You created this asshole Doctor FrankenTurner."
"Alright. Make her wear a helmet on your Harley ride."
"She can wear mine. I'll be careful."
"I know you will. It's only about fifteen miles to Bryan's farm. She's got his address on GPS already."
"I'll find it. Want me to join you out at the lake to keep you company?"
"Honestly, I kind of want the peace and quiet to reflect on things. You mind?" He just didn't want Greg knowing about Josh and friends.
"All good. I got things to do at home later anyway. Text me how things are going."
"Will do. I better check on her." He hears the bathroom door open and Paige shuffling to her bedroom humming. He left her be and the men finished another cup of coffee.
By 9:20 Paige was looking drop dead gorgeous. Wearing her butt zipper jeans that hugged her lower half like a second skin, and one of her new lowcut shirts. She intentionally omitted any type of underwear wanting to feel free and sexier than she looked already. This particular one was red with no back and thin laces up the side that revealed flesh top to bottom. Add those to white heels that had thin leather laces interwoven about her ankles and mid calf she was screaming look at me guys. Packing up her burgundy bikini, sandals, lotion, perfume, brush, and a long t-shirt just in case it got cooler in her book bag she was ready to go. She did notice a box of condoms that made her giggle.
"Ready!" She waltzes into the living room and sits her bag on the recliner to let her do a 360 for the men to let them react to her beauty. Whistles made her blush and dance about. Lonnie stops her with hands on her shoulders. Looking her eye to glasses he smiles. "Have fun. Don't look for me at the lake you might make Bryan suspicious. Devote your attention to him."
"I'm a little scared but I'll be okay."
"Wear Greg's helmet until you get to Bryan's."
She nods as Lonnie fist bumps Greg and leads the three out the door. Making certain she wore the helmet he waited until both were on the Harley and settled. Backpack on snugly so she didn't lose it Greg roared the bike to life. The sheer vibration struck her hormones like lightning. Wet like never before. She wraps her arms around Greg's waist and crushes her tits against his back. He chuckled at her reactions. With a nod Greg rode off with his new biker babe.
Lonnie jumped into his car and headed for Lake Gerard. He would have plenty of time to snoop and find places to hide. A call to Josh saying he was heading out, Josh informed him of only three friends joining them. It was good enough.
Greg escaped the city limits in under ten minutes. Reaching the countryside he took a shortcut knowing the area well. To her surprise he stops along the road at a patch of oak trees and shuts his bike off. She lifts her visor and questions the move.
"Why are we stopping Uncle Greg?"
"I'm not waiting."
He crawls off the bike and leaves her in the seat behind where he sat. Helping her out of the helmet he sits it on in the grass. Book bag peeled from her shoulders it hits the ground too. She shivers at his silent actions.
"Time to take some pictures Biker Babe."
"Won't I be late? Bryan might call."
"He can stew a few minutes. Text him you're running late but it will be worth it." She does so after he obtains it from her bag for her. She notices then her Father had removed the picture of them together. Bryan texts back with "I'll be here."
Once confirmed Greg puts her cell back in the bag and nudges her forward to lay over the bike tank. Placing her hands on the handlebars he grins. "Don't move." He then unzips her butt zipper jeans all the way to the crotch in front. Her beautiful clam in all of its glossy glory revealed itself. Butt pucker tiny and sexy as hell.
"I'm liking this Uncle Greg." She giggles.
"I need some pics on my phone to lust over." He chuckles snapping closeups and moving to all angles. Facing her for a face shot he winks. "Fold your arms over the tank and put your chin down. Look up with those gorgeous green eyes and look seductive."
Her modelling skills honing she gives him her best.
"Did Daddy tell you a guy we met at the Mall wants to take pictures of me? He does modelling portfolios."
"News to me. I want copies of every pic he takes for my bedroom wallpaper." He laughs.
"Take more pics of me Uncle Greg."
"Take your shirt off."
"What if cars drive by?"
"Wave and shake your tits at them."
She snickers, "Okay." Off came her shirt and it went to her bag. Shivering at a cool morning breeze her nipples spiraled out of control. Even her areolas had a vibrant ring about them.
"Sit up. Hands in your hair." Her tits were mountains of youthful perkiness. More angle shots were taken. "Those jeans have to go. I want totally nude." She giddily unlaced her shoes and hopped from the bike to slither out of her jeans. Once nude he helps her back on the bike laying her backwards on it and positioning her how he wanted her. "Fucking beautiful Punk."
"I love showing off for you Uncle Greg." She observes him moving about taking more shots. She goes so far as to touch her clit rubbing it. He ate it up. Fingers dip inside her cunt. He licked his lips.
"Sit up. Lean over the seat. Legs up on the bars." More shots. He pauses to unzip his own jeans and whip his nine iron out into the fresh air. Her eyes marveled at his hard erection. Stepping closer to her face he winks. "Open that mouth. I want a BJ pic." She lets him guide his crown inside her throat and plants her lips tightly around it. Her eyes sparkling. He moves her glasses to her hair to avoid the reflections. He needed yearning gaze. She certainly gave it to him. Seeing her lips locked about his girth and a good five inches left out made for an awesome photo. Pulling out of her disappointed mouth he lays his cock over her face at an angle that led her to lick his balls for a picture. Growling at his hormones he orders her to turn around and sit forward on the seat. He struggles to get close enough to penetrate her cunt for a picture. Half penetration led to another perfect pic. "FUCK IT." He pulls out and removes his boots and jeans. Only socks and t-shirt left he scoots her forward on the seat and climbs behind her. He pulls her close and encourages her to rise up enough to install his beast back inside her. "Ride my cock." Pics went to video. She did her best to gyrate and fuck him. Pushing her forward by her head he snatches up her ponytail and takes video pulling her hair. Her hands went back to the bars.
"This is so cool Uncle Greg."
"Work that pussy."
"I'm trying."
He wanted to slap her ass but didn't have enough hands. Finally he drags her up to sit on his dick by her ponytail. This gave her a bit more leverage. His hand moves from her tail to cup her throat. She trembled at his sudden inspiration.
"Fuck your pussy feels good around my cock."
"Your cock feels really good inside my pussy." She breathlessly huffs her glasses slipping back over her brow. She catches them and puts them on. Go nerd go. His arm extends up under her to capture what he could in an impossible angle for any clear and full approach. Merely closeups of her bouncing titties and his knuckles about her throat. Panning down shots of his cock moving in and out of her due to her ride. His swollen balls bulbous beneath her. Still a good arrangement.
"I love you Uncle Greg."
"I love you too Squirt."
"I might squirt." She giggles.
As the ride continued they don't hear an oncoming truck. Consumed by desire their attention doesn't recognized outside activity until the truck stops right next to them in the road. Paige squeals but Greg holds her steady. "Don't stop." She didn't, even though she looked through the corner of her eyes at the truck. A man gets out and makes his way around the bed of the pickup and dares to strike up a conversation.
"Need some help recording yourselves?" She knew the voice. In her thoughts she panics. It was Josh the Bear. A friend of his in the passenger side of the truck leaning out grinning from ear to ear. Stepping into view she smiles. He smiles back. Greg considered the offer and passed his cell off to Josh. It became trust. Josh in turn steps back and chuckles. "Tear it up."
Greg became a bit more aggressive. His free hand moving down to rub her clit viciously. The new sensations made her yelp and whine in shrill offerings. Just seeing Josh nodding his appreciation made her want to perform her best. Her left hand reaches back to palm Greg's cheek as she huffs. "I can feel your dick throbbing inside me Uncle Greg."
Josh reacts to this Uncle thing with curiosity. Was Paige being fucked by her entire family? Lonnie would explain it to him later. For now he enjoyed watching her writhe up and down somewhat awkwardly on the cock of Gregory Allen Birch. Greg knew her leverage wasn't as good as it could be. With a strength unheard of he reaches down and prompts her to rise up placing her feet on the tank. Still inside her he coaxes her with assistance to dramatically turn around to face him. This made it easier to hold her hips steady. The turn stormed her sanity as his beefy crown caressed her G-spot. She throws her arms around his neck and resumes her ride. His hand supporting her left hip and spine. Paige was then met with warm kisses to her throat. She loved the tender passion of his kisses. So did Greg. So did Josh. So did the passenger. Still holding and kissing her he guides Paige back and begins fucking her himself. She let him do the dirty work from that point on.
"Fucking hot Dude." Josh expressed recording every move. Every emotion. Paige loved being the center of attention. As Greg kissed her throat heavily she peers up at Josh. She whimpered and yearned at him as if wanting his attention too. He merely wagged his tongue at her. "Your girl loves being watched." She nods sheepishly and mouths, "I want you Joshy." He wanted her too. Paige wanted them all. Noting the guy still in the truck she flutters her fingers at him and moans. Josh knew then that she might actually want to do the things he wanted to see. Namely all of his friends.
Grunting Greg had to pull out and merely rub his python over her quivering thighs. The sensation of foreskin on flesh made his hose spray. A firm steady shot sprinkles out over her belly and the underside of her tits. After his elegant show he puts his hand to work and jettisons more cum in a more dedicated flow. She moaned even louder until Greg had finished then slapped his crown on her clit ferociously. She rolls her eyes back and embraces the sensations. It was enough to ignite her own brewing orgasm. A mad re-entry inside her aided her climax. She screamed and dug her nails into Greg's t-shirt tugging it about. As the symphony faded Greg reels back and stands tall. Watching Paige convulse over his bike was amazing. Josh walked around her capturing every twitch. Finally as Paige revives and looks up she blushes and rubs Greg's cum all over her. All three men admired her loyalty.
Hand extended Greg pulls her up and removes his shirt in order to use it to clean her up. Luckily she had perfume in her bag to mask the scent of cum. "Get dressed. You have a date to get to." She nearly collapsed trying to stand so Greg assisted her as Josh stood idle with Greg's cell. Once dressed he too put his clothes on.
"Here's your cell. I'll leave you two alone. You just looked like you needed a hand."
"Nothing like fucking outdoors." Greg chuckled. "Thanks for stopping."
"Don't mention it. Thanks for the show Beautiful." He winks at Paige and turns to walk away. She merely hugs up next to Greg watching the truck pull away. She kept it a secret that she knew Josh.
"Helmet on."
"Uncle Greg? Did you like those guys watching us?"
"Didn't bother me. You?"
"I like being watched."
"Bryan's waiting."
"I hope he fucks me at the lake."
"If he doesn't he's a homo."
She giggles. "I'm ready."
A kickstand lifted and a bike fired up the travelers moved on. First time on a bike. Soon to be the first on a horse. Paige Turner was quickly becoming an Easy Rider.
She hugged Uncle Greg tightly from beneath his t-shirt. Her fingers roaming amid his chest hair. They didn't leave his body until they pulled up at Bryan's home. Luckily Bryan was at the barn and didn't see their affections being made so public. As Bryan's golden retriever met them Paige crawled off the bike and removed her helmet. Leaning in to kiss Greg on the cheek he smirked. "Want me to meet your date?"
"No. Thanks for the rides Uncle Greg. Call me."
"Will do Punk."
As Bryan approached Greg waved at him then decided not to head out regardless of her no. He felt like introductions. It didn't truly matter. She was still excited.
"I'm here."
All Bryan could do was whistle.