*AUTHOR'S NOTE: this story won't make much sense unless you've already read Part I.
*****
The fateful day finally arrived.
"Mark, what should I wear?" her text read that morning. I sighed heavily at my phone. The dreaded question. Seriously. Why do girls ever ask guys this question?!? We are just going to shrug our shoulders or say something you don't want to hear, like "I dunno." or "I don't care." or "Doesn't matter." OR, even worse (for us), we might suggest an actual outfit only to have YOU say "Absolutely not!" or "Why would I wear that!" or "That's totally inappropriate for this (insert function or event here)." Vicious cycle. Beyond that, I had not yet given any thought to the matter.
I responded nonetheless "Well, let me check their website and see if there's some sort of dress code. I'll text you back in a second."
Sure enough, their website clearly had a very well defined dress code...for the men. No shorts, no flip flops, collared shirts, no athletic wear, basic understandable parameters like that. The women were just encouraged to "dress sexy". Well, that left a lot of wiggle room there, and Andi would need more than that. Then I clicked on a calendar noting specific events that were happening each evening at Club Fairy Tale, and low and behold, there was a theme! Andi and I had bonded previously over our love of dressing up for occasions, i.e., costume parties, spirit dress up days in our school district, and Halloween of course, so I was excited. The theme that particular Saturday night was "Cowboys and Cowgirls". Jackpot!
I texted Andi back "Babe! You're not going to believe it! There's a THEME at the Sex Club each night! Tonight it's Cowboys and Cowgirls. Does that help?"
"Perfect. Pick me up at 8:30, cowboy. I'll save my horse tonight."
She's always so clever.
I arrived promptly at her house and Andi jumped into my car with her beaming smile plastered all over her face. I was speechless and frozen in the driver seat just staring at her. Andi was wearing a VERY short pair of white, Daisy Duke type shorts, cowboy boots, and a little midriff covered by an opened denim shirt that was tied in a little knot right at her belly button.
"Howdy!" she said.
When I was finally able to make my slack jaw function, I responded "Howdy, ma'am."
You have to understand, we were both born and raised in Southern California. We have very little knowledge of cowboys and cowgirls, and what little we have is garnered from films and TV shows over the years like everyone else, so we probably looked and sounded rather silly as we played with over the top Texas accents. I, myself, managed to dig out the tightest pair of blue jeans from my closet and partnered it with a flannel shirt that I'd left open a bit so everyone could see the white, wife beater tank top I was also wearing underneath. Brown boots adorned my feet as well, but they certainly weren't cowboy boots. Additionally, I trimmed my beard to look more like scruff and left some longer sideburns and even a soul patch (I think that's what that little tuft of hair beneath the lower lip is called). Again, Angelenos. This was the best I could do.
Andi leaned over the consul and planted a huge wet kiss on me, making sure to dart her tongue into my mouth so I knew just how excited she was.
"Giddy up, cowboy! Club Fairy Tale awaits!" And off we went.
During the car ride, I told her I wanted to make sure we were both on the exact same page so as to stave off any potential pitfalls or uncomfortableness.
"Alright, ground rules. We're not going to tell anybody who we really are, right?"
"Heck no!" she responded. "But I don't see any harm in giving anyone our real first names if people ask."
"Cool. Agreed. But they're probably going to ask those same questions people ask at cocktail parties: where'd you meet? what do you do? Stuff like that."
"You're right. I want to be an accountant!" she shouted with unexpected enthusiasm.
I laughed. "Uhhhh. Ok, so you're an accountant. What about me?"
"Well, you always wanted to be a writer, so you're a writer if anyone asks at the sex club!"
I laughed again. "Done! And we met...?"
"Because I'm your accountant! Duh! I do your taxes!" There was that adorable smile of hers again. She was so proud of herself for coming up with our backstory.
"Got it. I can remember that. Now. What else? Do we need to set some guidelines too?" I pressed on.
"People are going to approach us and ask what all we're into. It's going to happen. It happened last time I was there a few times. We will likely be one of the more attractive couples in the club." That was nice to hear from my ego's standpoint, but at the same time, a little worrisome. I didn't want EVERYBODY to be unattractive to us both! "I want to watch people get fucked, and I DEFINITELY want people to watch you fuck the living daylights out of me. So that's what we'll tell them. We're voyeurs and exhibitionists, not swingers."
Whew. That was a relief. "Got it. Glad we're on the same page." I told her. "Let the field trip commence!"
We arrived at the club around 9:30 and after paying a nominal fee to have a membership, we were given the grand tour. Andi of course had been there before, but it had been a couple years, and I hadn't been there at all. The couple leading us around were actually really nice; probably ten or fifteen years older than us, but in great shape, and very friendly. They told us they worked there one or two nights a month just giving tours to newbies in order to maintain a free membership. Seemed like a good deal. She was wearing a negligee and a cowboy hat, so KIND OF sticking to the theme, and he was wearing a black polo shirt with the club's name printed in hot pink in the top left corner, tight black jeans, and black boots. I remember thinking I would not at all mind watching them fuck, or even fucking right next to them.
The club seemed exactly as presented on the internet, which was reassuring. I was immediately struck at how comfortable the vibe was. The music wasn't too overbearing, the people were milling about normally, and the sex rooms were very welcoming in that there were different sizes, different levels of light, some were private, some were open. This was going to work out perfectly, I thought to myself. I looked over at Andi and the giant grin still hadn't left her face. She was holding my hand and swinging her head back and forth to the music as if we were walking through the mall.
The tour concluded, and after stuffing our personal belongings into the club's convenient lockers, we immediately headed for the bar with the bottle of vodka I made sure to bring along. I handed it to the bartender who saw that I'd already written our names on the bottle as per the website's instructions (teachers are usually pretty good about making sure details are covered).
"So...Mark and Andi. Welcome." he said.
We both smiled, grateful for his friendly and disarming nature.
"Thank you, Lamar." I read his nametag. "It's our first time here. Well, together anyway. My first time. She was here a long time ago with an ex."
"I figured. I'm pretty good at spotting the first timers. It's a little slow right now because it's still early, but it's going to pick up big time in about a half hour or so. Always a big crowd on Saturdays. But don't worry, Mark! We're a friendly club. You're a good looking young couple, and that's going to get you a lot of attention. People will whisper about you and for sure approach you, but no one is going to be too aggressive. Everyone understands the club's number one rule: No means NO. And if anyone bothers either one of you, just come get me and I'll take care of it. Promise." he smiled, and we knew we were in good hands the rest of the night. The irony was I am not a small guy by any means at 6'3" and right at 200 lbs. I can handle myself. Lamar however stood about 5'7" and was likely 50 or 60 pounds lighter than me. The idea of having to come running to ask him for help was silly, but comforting nonetheless.
"Thanks, Lamar. We appreciate that. We'll take two vodka sodas."
"You got it!" Lamar poured our drinks and we made our way to a cocktail table just off the dance floor.
We slowly sipped our drinks and surveyed the crowd. I won't speak for Andi, but it was pretty much exactly as I had anticipated; a very mixed bag of all different races, sizes, shapes, outfits and energy. I loved it, but that's more so because you can drop me in a public place and I will happily people watch all day long. I get lost thinking about who they might be outside of the given circumstances, what their lives are like, what brought them here today, what they do for a living, what they're into, what their families are like, etc. This place was a gold mine for me in that respect! I looked over at Andi. Her brow slightly furrowed, she seemed to be enraptured in the same distractions.
"So babe, what do you think?" I asked her.
She contemplated a while before finally divulging a very obviously measured answer. "I like the music. I like Lamar. I like the couple that gave us the tour. Everyone seems really nice. Not pushy at all. I feel a little weird seeing as how we're one of only a few couples that dressed up for the theme though." she added with a shrug.
"Screw 'em!" I exclaimed. "We like dressing up! We can have our fun even if everyone else wants to be party poopers!"
"True. I would've liked to have seen more Daisy Dukes and cowboy boots though. It's a good look."
"I won't argue with that." and I raised my plastic cup in a silly salute to her comment.
"It's a better crowd than I remember from last time, and I guess it's going to get even busier. That's good."
"Yup." I agreed. We went back to sipping and people watching, though I soon began to use my free hand to slowly caress the part of her lower back that was exposed by her tied up denim shirt. She didn't look at me, but just let her smile widen. "I'm just wondering how many of these people are going to watch me fuck your brains out."
"Mmmmmm." she responded dreamily. "I liked that room with the sex swing right in the middle, by the way."
"You saw that, did you?" I smiled knowingly because I too had made a mental note of that exact space.
"Yes." she sipped her vodka. "My panties got wet just thinking about you taking me on that swing with all these people watching." and she finally looked at me.
"If that's what the lady wants, I'm sure I can oblige her."
"Yes, Daddy." she leaned across the table and kissed me forcefully "That's what this cowgirl wants on her field trip." and she kissed me again.
"Ha! If only our school district could see us now."
Andi spit some of her drink out laughing so hard. "Noooooooo! Don't even think about that!"
A few minutes later, a hulking bear of a man wearing the standard black jeans and black polo with the logo identifying him as a club employee appeared at my side next to our table.
"Hey, you guys. I'm Mike." he stuck out his enormous hand. We were both somewhat startled because we hadn't seen him walk up. We were too preoccupied with our people watching, I suppose.
"Hey, Mike. Nice to meet you. I'm Mark and this is Andi."
Andi reached across the table to shake Mike's paw.
"Nice to meet you both. First timers?"
We looked at each other and chuckled. "I guess it's pretty obvious?" I queried.
"Nah." he responded. "Lamar told me."
"Oh." Andi said.
"I'm a manager here and I wanted to give you guys these passes to get half off next time you come back. We want to make sure you have a good time and anything I can do to help with that, just let me know."
I took the passes from him "Thanks, Mike. We're definitely having fun so far. This place is great."
"Glad to hear it!" he smiled. "Listen, I'm in charge of awarding the prize every night for best costumes for our themes, and I'm just going to tell you right now that you guys are going to win. The DJ will announce it in like 15 minutes or so."
"Yes!" Andi exclaimed with a fist in the air. She's always been ultra competitive. Two seconds ago we didn't even know there was a contest and now she's elated because we won. I just cocked my head and laughed at her. "What? We won, babe!"
Mike laughed too "The prize will be more free passes, so just don't go disappearing to any of the rooms in the next 15 minutes. Mark and Andi, right? I want to make sure he calls the right names."
"Yup. Got it." I assured him. "We'll stay right here."
Mike shook our hands again and left. Andi was now bouncing up and down with her excitement at our "victory". "More free passes! He loved our outfits!!" she grabbed my arm jubilantly.
"Ha! Like you said, hardly anyone is dressed up, but sure, I'm not going to say no to free passes."
"Exactly!" she said triumphantly.
After a few more sips of our drinks, and some nods and smiles at people we found staring at us, I asked Andi if she'd like to dance.
"Sure!"
We killed what was left of our first round and abandoned the safety and comfort of our little table off the dance floor. We soon found our rhythm to the driving house beats (so much for the country western theme), and were enjoying each other's company.
"Should we dance four feet apart on this field trip, teacher man...? she asked suggestively.
"Shhh! I'm a writer here!" I playfully scolded her knowing no one could hear us over the music. "And no. This field trip is unsupervised, so we're free to behave as our hormones dictate."
"Mmmmm. I like that." she purred.
Before long, the crowd had swelled considerably, but we barely noticed. My hands were too busy roaming all over her delectable ass, hers running submissively down my chest as she bit her lip and stared into my eyes. She knew people were watching. I knew too. She looked amazing. And she was now MOVING! Of course they were watching! I could feel my cock begin to swell, even within the super tight confines of my Levis. I was getting anxious for some activity.
The DJ cut the music and welcomed everyone to Club Fairy Tale, newcomers and regulars alike. He made announcements for birthdays and even a few anniversaries, which naturally made Andi and I raise a congruent eyebrow at each other. "Who comes to a sex club to celebrate an anniversary?!?" I wondered. Then he called our names as recipients of the Best Themed Costume prize.
Again, Andi was ecstatic with both fists in the air as we made our way up to the little stage in front of the dance floor "Yes! Yes! Yes!" she screamed. I just smiled and shook my head. Andi would celebrate winning a coin toss. The DJ handed us the passes and everyone applauded. There were even a few wolf whistles from the admiring throng, and I was not stupid enough to think for even a nanosecond that they were directed my way. I was proud to have the hottest girl in the sex club on my arm.
We found our way off the floor once again and back to the bar. After Lamar had provided us with two more vodkas, we found a suddenly empty cocktail table and quickly claimed it as our own. As soon as we did so however, another couple approached us.
"Oh darn!" the woman said. "You got here just before us!" she pouted, and her man smiled.
"Oh, it's ok!" Andi offered. "You can stand here with us. Please!"
"You sure you don't mind?" the lady asked. She was about 60 or so, and wearing a very tight black dress, probably way too revealing coming down just above the swell of her ass and accentuating her obviously augmented bust. Definitely not appropriate for any evening other than this one, but she was warm and sincere. Not at all off-putting, so I didn't mind their intrusion off the bat. Her man was a character, standing just beside her, also likely in his early 60s, shirtless, very tanned, and sporting bars through both nipples. I had to stifle a laugh, but I had to admire the confidence.
"Not at all!" Andi assured them. Ever the gracious hostess. "Please. Join us."
"I'm Suzanne, and this is Bob." Handshakes were exchanged though Suzanne did lean in for a cheek kiss with Andi when their turn came. I was intrigued with the dynamic and was very comfortable just watching this unfold. It seemed Bob, who was grinning like the Cheshire Cat, and had also not yet said a word, was thinking the same thing.
"So what do you do, where did you meet, how did you end up here at Club Fairy Tale?" Suzanne jumped right in. This time I was not able to suppress my urge to giggle, and before anyone could ask me about it, Andi rescued me.
"Mark is a writer, and I'm his accountant. We're good about not letting work get in the way of us. And I've actually been here with my ex before a long time ago. I wanted to bring Mark this time." and Andi put her hand on mine atop the table.
"Nice!" Suzanne said. "How sweet. Well, Bob and I have been married close to 30 years and we've been coming here for a while. We like the spice."
Bob just nodded with that big grin of his. A character indeed.
"So what are you guys into?" Clearly, Suzanne was making her play, or shooting her shot, as my students are want to say.
"Oh!" Andi was a bit frazzled but I could see this coming a mile away. I just sipped my drink and let her handle it. Her eyes darted to mine. I raised my eyebrows and smiled. "Well...we...he's a...we're both...we're both voyeurs and exhbitionists." she said quickly, almost apologetically.
I set my drink down as Andi picked hers up, seemingly hoping to crawl directly into it. "Andi has a fantasy of being fucked in front of a room full of strangers. I want that to happen as well. We also hope to watch some other couples tonight, but fucking in front of others is our main thing."
I could tell Suzanne was slightly disappointed, and poor Bob. His grin had almost completely vanished. "That's hot." Suzanne said somewhat dejectedly. "I would definitely like that. We'll keep our eyes peeled for when you two venture into the back rooms and maybe we'll follow." she smiled and took her husband's arm as they moved on.
Andi quickly turned to me as soon as they were out of ear shot. "I feel bad!"
"Why?!?"
"They were so nice!"
"So! I think we handled that perfectly. I don't think we hurt their feelings. They're probably just moving on seeing what other couples are into."
Andi nodded, contemplating what I said, then eventually turned back to people watching.
We spent the next hour or so vacillating between our little table, the dance floor and the bar. We actually talked to a few different couples here and there. Some struck up conversations at the bar while waiting for drinks, some came to our table, some chatted us up on the dance floor (even one of the birthday couples!). Nothing awkward or weird, just fun and friendly banter with a similar tenor to the first couple we'd met. People just saying hello, wanting to know a bit about us and what we were into. If it weren't for our frequent open mouthed kisses, and our hands roaming freely over every inch of our bodies, you would think we were at any other party.
After our third drink was winding down to the bottom of our respective cups, I asked Andi if she wanted to venture into some of the rooms to see what might be going on.
"Yes! Definitely!" she threw the last of her vodka back, and with a fairly decent buzz, off we went on the most exciting leg of the field trip.
The back rooms we had toured a couple hours previously now had a completely different energy to them. You could tell (smell, hear and even see in some cases) that sex was happening all around. The music from the dance floor was much more muted in the back so the sounds of sex, slapping flesh, grunts, moans, the occasional squeals, were very prevalent. Hand in had, we slowly walked around, trying not to have our excitement seem too overt. Every time we rounded a corner, or saw another couple, Andi would squeeze my hand tighter and I could hear her breath catch in her throat. I will fully admit: it was all super erotic. I won't lie and say every couple we watched was super hot, but I didn't exactly care, and I don't think Andi did either. Watching the coupling, the carnality of it, flesh bouncing, the cocks driving in and out of various mouth and pussies, the hands roaming, the tongues licking, the toes curling. We were loving it.
I soon realized a few other couples were now trailing us, stopping where we were stopping, and continuing on when we saw fit to do so. I whispered to Andi "I think some of these people are waiting for me to start fucking you."
"I know." she said. "I'm ready when you are. That swing is just over there and no one is on it right now." Andi made a gesture with her head in its general direction, and then started to unbuckle my belt. She wasn't looking at me, and was not trying to be obvious about it, but the big belt buckle made a clanking noise and soon everyone in the vicinity knew she was taking my cock out of my pants. We were watching a Hispanic couple at that moment. He was sort of overweight and middle aged in every respect, but she was much slimmer and younger as well. I didn't find them particularly appealing, but Andi was now putting spit on her hand and beginning to stroke my rigid shaft, so I was not about to suggest we move on. It wasn't long before the couples that had been following us began to inch closer. The strange thing was, there was a different couple actually fucking on a mattress just a few feet away, but no one had any interest in them anymore. They wanted to watch Andi play with my cock as we stood against the wall quietly.
"They like watching you stroke my cock, Andi. Fuck, that feels good." She was licking my ear seductively.
"I really like them watching. Do you mind them staring at your big hard cock?" she wondered.
"They're staring at you stroking my...fuck...stroking my cock. And I...I don't mind at all." A couple more minutes of this and I knew I was going to cum all over her expert hands. I decided to distract her with my own hands. I unfastened her little white shorts and quickly began rubbing my fingers up and down her slit inside her panties. She was beyond soaked.
"Shit! Fuck! YES! Oh, please. Yes, that feels so good!"
It worked. Andi let up on me for a second, closed her eyes, and leaned her head back against the wall. I took the opportunity to pin my body against hers, nibble at her neck and really wretch my hand all the way into her underwear so I could get two of my fingers inside her. She was on fire. I could hear the squelching from my fingers pistoning in and out of her and it was making my cock pulse obscenely jutting out from my unbuttoned jeans. The crowd around us inched even closer. Andi remained where she was with her head tilted back and her eyes tightly closed. I kept fingering her, but looked around and took note of our new fans. Some nodded and smiled at me as I made eye contact in the low light with each of them. I could see as well that some of the couples were groping each other as they watched us. Something was telling me that Andi was nervous about everyone being so close and the fantasy actually finally coming to fruition for us.
"You need to open your eyes, baby girl. These people are all lusting after you." I slowed my ministrations.
Andi slowly lifted her head form against the wall, but took a moment before finally opening her eyes. She smiled tentatively at the 8 or 10 people that had gathered around us. Even the Hispanic couple that had been fucking each other silly right infront of us just moments werenow sitting on the mattress together, just watching Andi and I. She reached for my cock again.
"I need you to fuck me now, Daddy." she proclaimed loud enough for everyone around to hear. There were a few chuckles, and I even heard one guy whisper "Yes!", as if he'd been waiting long enough. Andi confidently guided me by my cock the 25 feet or so to the area where the swing was hanging from the ceiling. I obligingly went right behind her, but utilized the opportunity to see just who exactly was following us. I quickly counted five couples, including the one that was just recently fucking on the mattress. Most of them were older, quite a bit older, actually, but that was ok. It was never part of my fantasy that everyone who watch us fuck be attractive in my eyes. Andi had never mentioned that either, so I assumed this was going to be fine with her. I smiled and winked at the couple who first started chatting with us, Suzanne and Bob. She winked back. I was glad they were keeping their word and found us in the back rooms.
When we got to the swing, I expected Andi to just climb right in, onto her back. It seemed the perfect height for me/us. I was wrong though. She sunk to her knees and swallowed my cock into her hot mouth. I took advantage of the opportunity to begin shucking clothing. First the silly flannel shirt, which I would've sworn had fewer buttons when I put the darn thing on a few hours back, then the wife beater, and then I grabbed Andi by the hair and pulled her off my cock so I could quickly slide my boots, socks and stupidly tight jeans off. She sensed my urgency and quickly popped up to do the same. I was done by then so I helped her as I surreptitiously stole glances at the admiring crowd. I knew they were all dying to see Andi's sexy body. Sure enough, all eyes were on Andi as she wiggled out of her Daisy Duke shorts. I slid them all the way down her legs, made sure I got her boots and socks off, then took my time coming back up, letting my tongue drag along the way as she extricated herself from the denim shirt and the midriff. My oral attention froze her though. I was getting close to her pussy by then. I looked up at her and slowed my pace. I knew how aroused she was; I could smell it. I grinned lecherously and buried my mouth onto her mound above her panties. Her head flung backwards "Argh! YES, Daddy! Yes!" I didn't spend too long there though. These people wanted to see me fuck her, and we were ready to give them exactly that.
I stood up and brusquely forced Andi's underwear to the ground before throwing her backwards. She squealed in momentary fright, but landed perfectly onto the swing as I knew she would. She then smiled as she scooted back a few inches in perfect position for me. I only had to part my legs a couple feet and slightly bend my knees to be in the ideal position to enter her.
I smiled down at her as I gently stroked my cock. She looked so hot; completely naked, her perfect C cup tits heaving, her feet hooked around the chains holding up the swing, her pussy glistening in anticipation. I leaned down and slid my cock along her slit, teasing her. She groaned and clamped her eyes shut. "Open your eyes, baby girl. This is what you've been fantasizing about. I want you to see all these people watching you when I put my cock all the way inside you."
"Just fuck me, Mark. I need it. Please." but she still wouldn't open her eyes.
I continued sliding my turgid rod slowly against her clit.
"Not until you open your eyes."
"I'm nervous. Baby! Please just put it inside me. I want you so bad!" she pleaded.
"I know. I know you do." I kept up the slow tease.
"Baby!"
"No, Andi, you beautiful accountant, you! Open your eyes, or Daddy's not going to give you his big cock!"
She sighed and finally opened her eyes, but looked directly into mine hovering menacingly above her.
"PLEEEEEEEEASE, Daddy!"
"Do you see all these people? They all came back here to watch you." I looked around and gestured with my head, my hands now holding the chains, cock poised and ready.
Andi finally turned her head to see the people. Her mouth hung open and her breath caught in her throat. I watched her take them all in. Couples had their arms around each other, some were holding hands. She slowly went from person to person with her eyes, sizing them up, silently greeting them and welcoming them to The Andi Show, our field trip. Everyone smiled at the center of attention as she made eye contact.
"What do you think? Is this what you wanted?" I asked.
"This is so fucking hot, Daddy. This is exactly what I wanted."
"Good." and with that, I sunk my cock all the way inside her.
Andi screamed and looked down at our convergence. "YES! Oh, fuck me! Finally!"
I began steadily driving in and out of her, though not too quickly and not with full force. I was so worked up, I was afraid I might bring the show to an end way too soon. Couldn't have that. Andi found the rhythm I was dictating and used her body weight to make the swing move with us. It was insanely hot. I'd never played on a swing before, and I don't think Andi had either. We were loving it. Andi squealed and grunted each time I bottomed out into her, but her eyes were ignoring her admirers again. I reached down and gently turned her head to the side, forcing her to see them, to take stock of their collective lust for her. She smiled and obliged me.
The couple closest to us was younger, probably only mid 20s at the most. I remember thinking it was amazing for them to be so comfortable with themselves and their desires at such a young age. They were both very white, almost pasty, he tall and skinny, and her skinny as well, but somewhat shorter. He had his arm wrapped around her waist tightly and she was leaning into him. The second couple was black and in very good shape, probably around our age. His arms bulged and it was clear he spent many an hour honing their design in a gym somewhere. She had curves in all the right places and held her man's hand with what looked to be a vice like grip as she licked her lips, staring intently at Andi. The Hispanic couple was right there as well, apparently not at all concerned that they were the only completely naked audience members, having left their cloths back on the mattress they'd been fucking on. He was practically drooling and his eyes looked like they were going to pop out of his head. His younger lady friend was languidly stroking his dick while they watched me saw in and out of Andi. The last three couples were all older than us (I surmise probably 75% of the club was older than us that night), among them Suzanne and Bob of course, mostly heavy set, but unabashed at being there and enjoying our carnality. And then there was a guy on the end. All by himself. Dark, deep sunken eyes, trying to avoid our attention. So much for the "nobody is allowed in the back rooms without their partner" rule we were told about on our earlier tour. No big deal. He kind of made me chuckle. If he wanted to have a little fun watching my sexy girlfriend get fucked, let him. Let them all.
I was enjoying watching Andi watch everyone. Each of the couples were touching one another in some way or another. Hands around waists, holding hands, a couple men were groping their ladies' breasts, and one of the older women even had her hand down her man's pants clearly jerking him off. For herself, Andi was losing her nervousness. It seemed she was growing much more comfortable taking in her appreciative audience while still keeping up with my pace. I decided to up the stakes somewhat as I licked my thumb and began rubbing her clit in conjunction with my stroking. Her head whipped back toward me and she hissed in pleasure. "Yessssssss!" Her eyes slammed shut yet again.
"Open them, Andi. This is what you wanted, baby girl." She nodded and complied. I could tell she was getting close. "I'm going to make you cum for all these people."
The naked Hispanic man grunted "Fuck yea. Make her fucking cum." and his equally naked girlfriend giggled.
"Yes, baby. I want to cum."
"You do?"
"Yes. Please. I'm almost there!"
"I know. But do you want them to see you? To see you get there?"
She looked into my eyes. I guess her nerves weren't totally gone as of yet. She didn't respond.
"Can you let go completely for them? That's what they want."
Andi looked around again at the couples (and the straggler) against the wall keeping their respective distance. Breasts were now being groped openly and freed from clothing, and there were even a couple cocks out of their confines being attended to also.
She finally slowly nodded. "I want them to see me cum." she whispered back to me.
"Tell them, baby girl." Andi looked up quizzically at my sly grin. "Tell them." I gestured with my head.
She slowly turned her head back to the people. "I...ugh...I want...fuck, I'm close...I want you all to...to see me cum." she finally let out.
Smiles enveloped the faces of her fans.
"Good." I said and began pummeling into her with everything I had, continuing my simultaneous attack on her clit with my wet thumb. Andi screamed like a woman possessed, gripped the chains holding up the swing and fucked back into my cock. She needed this. "Fuck yea. Take this big cock, baby girl. Take it all." I ordered.
"Yes, Daddy! Give me all of it! I can take it!" she wailed. Our intensity increased with her volume and in just a few seconds her pussy clamped down on my cock with ferocious force and her fingernails reached around to claw deeply into my ass, holding me in place, all the way inside her. "UNNNGHHHHHH! FUCK, FUCK, FUCK, FUCK! YESSSSSSSSSS!!"
"That's it, baby girl. Give me your cum." I coaxed.
"Fuck! Holy fucking fuck! This cock! I love this cock!" she convulsed.
With sweat now dripping off my brow, I took the opportunity to survey the crowd as Andi rolled through her mind numbing orgasm. Clothes had been shorn by a number of the guests, eyes were wide, mouth were open, some nipples were being tweaked, cocks were stroked rapidly as if trying to catch up with Andi. It was intensely erotic. I bent down to kiss my superstar. She was worlds away that moment, but feeling my lips lightly brush against hers slowly brought her back around.
"You were amazing." I whispered lovingly.
"YOU were amazing, Daddy. You and your cock."
"That was hot."
"Sooooooo fucking hot!" she concurred with a laugh.
One of the female spectators began a muffled applause in her appreciation and it cut the mood. We chuckled and some of the others joined in laughing with us as well.
"Definitely hot. Maximum hot, you two!" one of the older men agreed.
I noted the younger skinny couple was having their own fun against the wall. The guy's hand was down his girlfriend's pants attending to her needs and she was very obviously getting close to her own edge.
Andi noticed around the exact same time. "Get it, girl!" she said. More laughter from the crowd as they turned in the direction Andi was facing. The skinny guy doubled his efforts and soon had his girl flailing about in her own moment of corporeal bliss. "Yes!!" Andi lauded.
As the younger couple came down, they almost apologized for garnering everyone's attention, but people were just nodding and smiling in appreciation, including Andi and I.
Suddenly, Andi whipped her head back around to me in an exclamatory way. "Baby! You haven't cum yet!"
"Ha! I'm in no rush. I'm having a blast."
"Mmmmmmm. Ok. How do you want me then Daddy?" she sort of wiggled invitingly.
I stared down at her big brown eyes and pondered this fantastic scenario. The onlookers were paying rapt attention again, waiting for our next move.
After more thought "Turn around. I want to fuck you from behind so everyone can see your amazing ass."
With an enormous smile, Andi purred her response "Yes, Daddy." She got to her feet and turned around, leaning into the contraption, grabbing the chains in front into her fists, and loving presented that stunning ass of hers for the taking. I put one hand on her hip and used the other to slowly guide my cock back into her tight, though very wet, pussy.
"Ungggh. Yes... That feels so good, Daddy... Oh, yes."
I smiled triumphantly and put both hands on her hips now to guide my rhythm. Andi's body and the swing eventually fell in lock step with my thrusts. I looked at our crowd now which had grown by a few people. The odd ball on the end was now openly stroking his own cock, the curvaceous black woman had abandoned her voyeurism and was on her knees in front of her man, his cock embedded in her throat as he watched me take Andi, the younger skinny girl was wrapped in her man's arms, a prom-like pose that seemed rather silly considering the circumstances, but the big shocker was between a couple of the older couples. Arms were now crossed and reached around each other as they had been previously. Men were kneading breasts that didn't belong to their respective partners, and arms were strategically snaked around others to stroke cocks that did not belong to their respective partners either. The trio had morphed into a sort of standing-against-a-wall-pornogrpahic version of Twister, and I found it completely fascinating. Andi could not see me openly staring at them, but she too was taking in her admiring throng, eyes traveling from couple to couple as I rhythmically fucked her. I noticed she lingered for a while on the guy by himself. Like me, she was probably wondering why he was by himself.
"Do you like them enjoying you, baby girl?" I asked her.
Andi nodded slowly.
"They can't control themselves. They're touching themselves and each other because you're turning them all on like crazy."
She nodded again and reached behind herself to grip one of her ass cheeks. "Yes, Daddy."
I leaned down "They're loving the show you're putting on for them. Aren't you glad we came here on our field trip?" I whispered to her.
She smiled "Mmmhmmm. I like...I like that they can see me taking your...your big cock."
"That's right, baby girl. Enjoy it all. What else do you like?"
"That...yes...that they can see my body...fuck." she mewed.
"You're looking at them, and they're looking at you. See all the lust in their eyes? In their hands? Their mouths?" Andi nodded quickly. "I know you love that. That attention."
"Mmmmmmm."
"But I know you, baby girl. You want more, don't you?"
Andi went slightly rigid and didn't betray her thoughts.
I waited. "Don't you?"
Still, Andi did not say a thing, nor did she move a muscle other than those that were being manipulated by my thrusts.
I whispered directly into her ear "Tell them what you want. Tell them."
Andi didn't move, but I could tell she was still looking at those looking back at her expectantly.
"TELL THEM." I ordered.
I saw her mouth begin to open slightly. I was pushing her, I knew, but I also knew she wanted this desperately. She finally said it, albeit barely loud enough for anyone to hear her.
"I want you to touch me." she said to no one and everyone.
"Louder, Andi." I directed as I slowed my hammering.
"I...I want you all...please..." she let her head lull down and slowly bounce with my thrusts, but she abandoned her resolve.
"Tell them what you want."
She picked her head up again, closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and in a loud, clear voice said "I want you all to ...touch me, please... Touch my body... damn... touch me while Mark fucks me... It feels so good... This is what we want...what I...want."
I looked at the audience against the wall. Eyes opened even wider, men and women alike. They looked at each other then at me as if to ask if they'd heard the beautiful creature correctly. I just nodded and continued slowly fucking her. One by one they began to inch forward. It wasn't long before fingers made contact with Andi's tanned skin. "Oh god!" she exclaimed. "They're touching me!"
"Yes, baby girl."
"Oh fuck!"
I started to increase my tempo. Fingers were now in her hair, tracing her neck and face, hands were groping at her back. The skinny girl even gripped both of Andi's ass cheeks, causing her to grunt in appreciation, then smiled like a kid who just shook Santa Claus' hand.
"Please..." Andi whimpered. Her body trembling and head bouncing to the pace I was dictating.
"Please what, Andi? Tell them." I said.
"Please...please somebody grab my tits."
The naked Hispanic man moved forward and happily reached underneath Andi to cup both her tits, his cock just barely a foot away from her head. I was somewhat started at the positioning, but I was losing my touch on reality quickly as my orgasm crept closer and closer. She squealed.
"Yes! Oh fuck, yes! Touch me! Please touch me!"
The fingers trailed faster and faster, the grips tightened, the skinny girl's man friend's hands were now running along with hers all over Andi's ass. I didn't mind that they were both practically right up against me. I was enjoying every single aspect of the physicality, especially the sounds Andi was emitting.
"Ohhhhh...oh god...oh yes...fuck me...touch me...please...please don't stop...yes...this feels...feels so good."
"Do you like this, baby girl? Is this what you wanted?"
"Oh, fuck yes. It's everything! Grab my tits harder, please! PLEASE!"
The Hispanic man smiled lasciviously and I could see the veins in his arms and neck pop out as he wrestled Andi's tits in his gnarly hands.
"YESSSSS! I'm fucking...I'm cumming again...I'm cumming again, Daddy!... Don't...please don't stop...Don't stop... Keep touching me... I love it!!" Andi's pussy squeezed my dick so hard, I had to grab the chains and lurch my body forward to keep it from popping out of her. "YES! Oh god YES!! Unnnnnggggghhhhhhhhh!!" Everyone held onto Andi's convulsing body for dear life and to make sure she did not expel my cock. I smiled happily with the urge to high five some of my new teammates. We did it. She got there again and it was fantastic.
"Mmmmmmm, baby. Thank you."
"Thank them too, baby girl."
Andi looked up at everyone, most of whom still had hands or fingers on her body "Thank you all."
"It's my turn now. Daddy needs to cum."
"Of course, Daddy. Get yours. I want them...Oh!" Andi was momentarily taken aback by a torrential slam all the way inside her form my cock. "I want them to see you cum all over my ass!"
"Erngh" was all I could eloquently get out.
"I want to see that too." one of the older women said.
"Me too." the younger, naked Hispanic lady agreed.
It took me maybe another 30 seconds of gripping her ass and pounding into her before I was seeing stars and feeling my cock expand.
"Do it, Daddy! Cum all over me!" Andi demanded. Everyone backed away except the naked Hispanic man. He continued to paw at Andi's tits from the front while I lost control behind her.
I pulled my cock from her just in time to shoot a tremendous load up and down her exquisite back. I grunted with each blast from my engorged penis. "Yes! Fuck! Fuck! Yes!"
Andi hung her head as we both came down. We felt like we'd finished a marathon, and I did my best not to collapse in my cum, though I could barely hold myself up with the swing's chains. The adoring onlookers finally began their retreat. Even our new naked Latino friend finally relinquished her tortured breasts. He let his fingers trace her jaw as he backed away, trying to finally get her to make eye contact with him. She bashfully looked up at him and I saw her mouth the words "Thank you." He winked, grabbed his girl's hand, and they made their way back to their clothes and their mattress where I figured they would resume their own coupling.
One of the older men handed me a towel the club provides in the back rooms and patted me on the back as he did so. His wife (or lady partner) placed one lovingly on Andi's back as well. We wiped each other off and I helped her slowly stand up. We were woozy, but oh so content. While continuing the ablutions, we simply stared at each other. She finally leaned in and lightly kissed me on the lips.
"Was it everything you'd hoped?" she inquired.
"This was YOUR fantasy!" I laughed. "Was it everything YOU hoped?"
She slowly nodded. "Best field trip ever."