**As always, all characters are at least 18 years of age.**
*****
After Kayla's friends leave, she drags Joe into the living room using his cock like a leash. Corina is sitting on the sofa, watching an old movie. "We're going upstairs for the night." Kayla tells Corina.
Corina stands up to bid them goodnight. She is wearing a black lace thong and a black sheer nightie. "I hope you and your friends had a good time."
"Of course, Corina. Everyone had a great time. We agreed to do it again soon." Kayla replies.
"Great, feel free to use our pool any time that you want, baby." Corina says as she pinches Kayla's nipples while pulling on her tits.
Kayla lets out a gasp of pleasure, then gives Corina a passionate kiss on the lips. She points at Joe and says "Hopefully this horndog got enough action today. I need to get some sleep, I have to manage the cheerleader tryouts tomorrow."
"Good luck." Corina replies while laughing. "I may see you at the school. After my yoga session, Joe and I are going to meet the Head Mistress. I think her name is Nikki Price."
"Yes, Nikki. I think you will like her a lot." Kayla says. "Goodnight." she tells Corina as she grabs Joe's cock and proceeds to drag him upstairs, to bed.
When they reach Joe's bedroom, Kayla pushes him down onto the bed. He lands on his back. She pulls down her bikini bottom to reveal an absolutely perfect pussy. Then she climbs into the bed, and lays down on top of his naked body. She nuzzles his neck, and falls to sleep almost immediately.
It takes a few minutes for Joe to get to sleep. He enjoys the feeling of his girlfriend's naked body pressing against him. Her amazing tits are pressing against his smooth chest, and his cock is between her legs, pressing against her soft smooth pussy. Joe tries to forget the frustration he feels at not being able to get his cock inside his girlfriend's perfect pussy.
When the alarm clock buzzes, Kayla reaches over and turns it off. She feels Joe's rock hard cock trapped under her body. It is pressing against her pussy, longing for a warm wet home. She realizes that she must give him some relief before the day begins. Joe slowly opens his eyes and groggily mutters "Good morning."
Kayla reaches down between their bodies, grabs his hard cock, and says "I'll take care of this, babe." while giving Joe a kiss. Kayla rolls off of Joe, and begins stroking his cock. She sits up, looks deep into his eyes, and starts using both hands on the enormous cock. After a few minutes of stroking his cock, she lets go of it and jumps onto all fours. Her amazing ass is pointed at Joe. "Lick and kiss my ass, babe. I want to you worship it!" Kayla orders him.
Joe's dick gets even harder at the thought of worshipping the perfect ass before him. He bends over and starts licking and kissing her soft ass cheeks. Kayla responds with a moan of pleasure. Joe parts the wonderful globes of her ass and sees the perfect puckered brown eye staring back at him. He dives in and greedily starts licking her little butthole.
This drives Kayla crazy. "Yes! Lick my fucking asshole, you big-dicked bastard." she yells.
After a few minutes of bathing her butthole with his tongue, he pulls his face from her ass and says "You've been a bad girl. Get ready for a spanking."
She turns her head back to look at him and says "Spank me baby!"
Joe gets onto his knees right behind Kayla. He grabs his lengthy cock and starts smacking it against her ass.
"Yeah baby!" Kayla screams.
"I have a great idea." Joe tells her. He sticks his cock between her legs, pushes it down, then releases it. It bounces up with great force and smacks against her pussy with a loud "THWACK".
"Oooh...shit!" Kayla screams. Her legs instinctively close, trapping Joe's cock between them. Joe grabs her hips. He starts fucking the soft warm nest created by having his cock trapped between her thighs, pressing against her smooth pussy. After several minutes of faux fucking, Joe grabs her tits and pulls her back as he lays down on his back. This move results in Kayla now sitting on his lower body, with his cock sticking up between her legs. A river of pre-cum is flowing from the large spongy head. She gathers most of it and spreads it on her hands, for lubrication. She wraps both of her little hands around the cock and starts stroking as fast as she can.
Joe lies back and groans repeatly, trying to delay the impending orgasm. When he feels the cum rushing from his balls, he sits up, grabs Kayla's tits from behind, and whispers in her ear "Fuck, baby, you're going to make me shoot a massive load." Kayla looks down to see the engorged, flared cockhead is almost as big as her fist. When Joe starts to cum, Kayla feels like she is trying to control a firehose as rope after rope of thick gooey cum erupts from the bulbous head of his cock. She makes sure it isn't pointed at her. Most of the cum lands on the sheets, and a little ends up on the carpet at the foot of the bed.
As Joe is lying on the bed, cum spurting from his huge cock, Justine enters the room without knocking. When he hears the door open, Joe turns his head to see Justine standing in the doorway. Justine is wearing a loose half shirt that barely covers her firm tits, and a tiny black sheer thong.
"It looks like I got here just in time." says Justine as the flow of cum starts to slow. The thought of cumming in front of his sister and the sight of Justine's smooth thick pussy lips through the sheer thong makes Joe's balls start churning again, producing another magnificent amount of cum.
"Woooeee...here we go again!" screams Kayla when she feels the powerful jets of cum start to flow through Joe's cock again. "This one must be for you, Justine." says Kayla as she continues to stroke and manage the flow of cum coming from the pillar of flesh rising from between her legs.
When the flow of cum from Joe's cock slows to a drool, he closes his eyes and almost passes out from the sheer exhaustion created by two powerful orgasms. Deciding Joe's balls are sufficiently empty, Kayla jumps up and says "I've got to go home. I need to get ready for school." She grabs one of Joe's shirts and slides it over her tight body. Since she is so much shorter than him, it reaches mid-thigh on her.
Before Kayla leaves the bedroom, she takes the time to slip her hands under Justine's shirt, and grab both firm round tits while rubbing her thumbs over the nipples.
"Oohh.." Justine moans, surprised by Kayla's attention. Kayla removes her right hand from Justine's tit and proceeds to slide it between Justine's legs, rubbing the engorged clit. Kayla leans forward and kisses Justine, playfully flicking her tongue over Justine's.
"Better watch out, you're next on my list, you sexy bitch." Kayla says to Justine after breaking the kiss.
"I intend to hold you to that." replies Justine. As Kayla walks though the doorway, Justine lifts her shirt and admires the perfect ass before giving it a slap and squeeze. Kayla turns her head and winks at Justine, then bounces down the hall to leave the house.
"Breakfast is ready and waiting for you, bro. Zoey is joining us for breakfast, so you might want to wear something. Of course that's entirely up to you." Justine says as she gives Joe a wink. As Justine turns and walks out of the room, Joe closely watches her thick, round ass bouncing until it is no longer in sight.
Zoey is Justine's longtime best friend. She lived down the street until she went to college last year. Joe has always had a crush on her. She is a little short (5'), but Joe likes short girls. The last time he saw her, she was gorgeously thick (about 120 lbs) with rather small tits, and an ass to die for. This morning, Zoey is still wearing her sleeping clothes - tight, short boy shorts and a t-shirt that reaches her navel (pretty conservative attire for the Hunter household, as she is about to find out).
"This may be my chance to get a piece of that slut." thinks Joe as he gets off the bed and tries to decide what to wear. "I think I'll just wear my track shorts. I may as well let her see what she missed out on." Joe says to himself as he grabs his thin nylon track shorts and pulls them on. He takes a look at himself in the mirror and is pleased at what he sees. His chisled torso is perfect, and the thin shorts are so tight they wrap around his cock like a second skin. His large mushroom helmet is impossible to ignore, and he swears that he can even see the veins in his long cock. "This should work perfectly!" Joe announces before heading downstairs for breakfast.
When Joe enters the kitchen, Zoey looks at him and nearly chokes on the food she was swallowing. At 6' 4", 220 lbs of pure muscle, it seems as if a Greek god has stepped into the room. Zoey blatently admires Joe's body, starting with his ripped torso that looks as if it has been carved from a block of granite. When her gaze drifts down to his groin, she lets out an audible gasp. She tries to convince herself that what she sees cannot be true - the impossibly large cock that is swinging back and forth between the large muscular thighs cannot be real. She has seen quite a few cocks while at college, and none were even close to that big - even when fully hard.
As Joe starts to swell with pride from Zoey's reaction to his body, his cock also starts to grow and swell. It quickly reaches proportions that the shorts cannot contain. Joe can feel that the large spongy mushroom head and a couple of inches of the shaft are hanging below the shorts. Zoey sees this and cries out "My God!, Look at that thing!" Joe and Justine join Zoey's gaze that is fixated on the mammoth cock.
Joe shrugs and says "Yeah, sometimes that happens.", like it's not a big deal.
"I've told him to get a larger pair of shorts. Those are woefully unable to control his huge donkey dick." Justine says to Zoey.
Joe and Justine each pull out a chair and start to eat breakfast as if it's completely normal to have breakfast with a pussy that's barely covered, and clearly visible while an enormous cock is sticking it's head out of a guy's shorts.
After Joe is done eating, he gets up and takes his plate to the kitchen. Zoey watches the large muscules in his ass flex as he walks away. "I wish I could get a better look at that ass." she thinks to herself.
After placing his plate in the sink, Joe walks into the laundry room and announces that since he forgot to wash the shorts after yesterday's run, he is going to wash them now. Zoey looks at Justine and whispers "Does that mean that he will be..."
She doesn't have time to complete the sentence before Joe steps out of the laundry room completely naked. "Holy fuck!" screams Zoey as her eyes drink in his entire naked body, that includes a monster cock.
As Joe walks toward the dining table, his hefty cock swings back and forth. "I hope my dick doesn't offend you, Zoey." he says as he notices that Zoey has become entranced by his large swinging appendage.
"Zoey...Zoey.." says Joe, trying to break the trance while laughing to himself.
Zoey shakes her head and her eyes widen as her world comes back into focus, including things other than the gargantuan speciman of a cock that is before her. "What? Oh..no..I don't mind. I mean, it's your house, however you feel comfortable is fine with me." squeeks Zoey.
"Well, I am kinda on a schedule today, so I'm going to go upstairs and take a shower." Joe announces.
"Can I join you?" Zoey asks quickly. "I mean, we shouldn't waste water, with the shortage that we're experiencing now, right?"
Before Joe can answer, Justine leans over and grabs Zoey right tit, carressing it though the t-shirt. "I thought you were going to shower with me, babe."
"Hmmm..." Zoey mumbles, while staring hypnotically at the trunk swinging between Joe's legs.
"I don't blame you babe, my brother's cock is a work of art that is hard to resist. Just make sure that you don't completely wear him out, he has other things to do today." Justine says as she gives the nipple a sqeeze before letting go of Zoey's amazing tit.
"Oh, by the way, I thought it would be fun to do some community service at the mall today. How about after you two are done in the shower?" Justine asks Zoey.
"Yeah, that sounds great." Zoey replies without looking away from Joe's cock.
Zoey's hypnosis is broken when Joe turns and starts walking up the stairs to his room. She starts after him, licking her lips like a hungry wolf. "He has the most delicious looking ass I have ever seen. I like the view from the rear almost as much as from the front." She thinks to herself while following Joe up the stairs.
When Joe reaches his room, he walks straight into the bathroom and starts the shower.
When Zoey enters the bedroom, she crosses her arms over her chest and pulls the shirt over her head. Her natural tits jiggle in response. They are almost a B cup, not quite as big as Justine's, but they are firm and perky. Zoey throws the shirt on Joe's bed and then pulls down the boy shorts. Her shorts join her shirt on the bed, leaving her as naked as the day she was born.
Joe turns from the shower to see Zoey naked, head to foot. He can't help but lick his lips when he sees her beautiful tits and thick, smooth pussy lips. "Come on babe, we have some work to do." he tells her. Joe gets into the shower, and Zoey steps in just seconds later. They both get under the stream of water emerging from the showerhead, facing each other.
Zoey reaches out and runs her hands over Joe's body - especially the smooth area above his dick. "I love that your entire body is smooth as glass." she tells him. Then, she wraps her arms around his waist and grabs his tight, muscular ass. She squeezes his ass a couple of times before sliding her hand between his cheeks and running a finger over his puckered butthole. As she tickles his butthole, Joe moans loudly. When she releases her grip on his ass, he realizes it is his turn.
Joe grabs the soap, squeezes some into the palm of his hand, and starts to apply the soap to Zoey's perfect body. Joe focuses on her tits. He rubs and squeezes both of her tits. Zoey closes her eyes, leans her head back, and moans lightly in response. Joe lets go of her her left tit, and slides his right hand down her taut, wet belly toward her smooth pussy. This sudden change of sensation makes Zoey open her eyes. As she is staring into Joe's eyes, he cups her pussy with his large hand. "Do you like this?" he asks.
"Oh yes." she moans. He slips his middle finger between her pussy lips and starts rubbing her enlarged clit. "Keep doing that, and you're going to make me cum!" she says.
"That's the idea." he replies. After a few minutes of Joe's minstrations, Zoey's eyes close again and she raises up on her tip toes.
"OH FUCK...I'M CUMMING." she screams as her body starts to convulse. When Zoey's orgasm has subsided, Joe grabs her by the hips and turns her around to face the shower wall.
Joe kneels down, placing his face only inches from Zoey's lovely ass. He grabs each of her ass cheeks and gives them a good massage, enjoying how the soft, warm flesh of her ass feels in his hands. Zoey moans, she enjoys being manhandled by this muscular stud.
Joe lets go of her ass cheeks and then starts licking, kissing, and rubbing his face on the soft, round ass before him. After a few minutes of worshipping her ass, he grabs the ass cheeks again, but this time he spreads them open to reveal her lovely little puckered rosebud. Joe sticks his face between her asscheeks and flicks his tongue across her butthole. When he really starts licking her butthole, Zoey goes wild with passion.
"That's it, lick my butthole, you nasty stud!" she yells.
When Joe has tired of licking her ass, he stands up and he grabs her tits again, this time from behind, and presses his dick against her ass. When she feels his dick pressing on her ass, she makes a slight adjustment so that his cock is pressing on the crack between her cheeks. She then presses back into Joe so that his cock is so deeply wedged between the cheeks of her ass, she can feel the length of it against her butthole. "Hotdog in a bun!" she yells while slapping the shower wall.
Joe starts moving his hips back and forth. With the help of the soapy water, he is able to run the entire length of his cock between Zoey's perfectly round ass cheeks. "Don't even think about shoving that monster in my little butthole." she tells him.
"Don't worry babe, that can wait." he replies with a smile. After a couple of minutes of grinding her ass against Joe's cock, she spins around and drops to her knees. She is now face to face with the largest cock she has ever seen. She grabs it with both hands and starts stroking as quickly as she can. As she strokes his cock, she notices how his balls are bouncing back and forth, each of them the size of a lemon.
Watching the gorgeous girl from down the street, whom he has always had a crush on, stroking his cock is proving to be too much for him. He starts to breathe rapidly, a sure sign of impending orgasm. Zoey notices the sign, and she says "That's it, give me your cum, you horse hung stud!"
Joe closes his eyes and rests his head against the shower wall, trying to delay the inevitable orgasm so that he can experience as much enjoyment as possible.
"I'm going to keep stroking this fat fuckstick until those huge balls are empty!" she taunts Joe.
As Joe lets out a loud roar, Zoey feels the cum rushing up the length of his cock, from the oversize balls to the large, bulbous head. As the cum shoots out of his cock like a firehose, Zoey points it at her tits. In a matter of seconds, her tits are completely covered in slimy cum, and it starts to drip down onto her tight, smooth belly. Joe's body shakes as rope after rope of cum are coaxed from his cock by this little vixen. When the flow starts to slow, Zoey removes one of her hands from the cock, and wraps it around his balls.
"No..No..please don't" Joe begs her.
"Don't worry babe, I've perfected this move, it won't hurt at all." By giving Joe's balls a slight squeeze, she is able to coax five more jets of cum from his cock.
When the cum has slowed to a drip, she lets go of his cock and balls. His cock is already starting to deflate, a sure sign that his balls have been emptied. Zoey puffs out her cum-drenched chest, proud of her work. "See I told you I knew what I was doing." she says while pointing at his quickly deflating cock.
"You're right babe, that was awesome!" Joe says while pulling her to her feet. "Now we need to wash off all of this cum." Joe and Zoey take turns washing each other until finally, they are clean.
When they are both out of the shower, each of them grabs a towel and dries off. Then they step into the bedroom to get dressed. Joe grabs Zoey's arm, spins her around, and pulls her to him. He wraps his arms around her, and presses her body into his. Her soft tits are pressing into his rock solid chest. His soft, but still thick cock is pressing against her soft pussy and leg. He slides his arms down her back and squeezes her ass with both hands as they share a deep kiss. She feels his dick start to harden again. She breaks the kiss and looks down to see his cock starting to inflate. "You're insatiable!" she says with a laugh.
"I can't help it, your body drives me wild." he replies.
Zoey breaks the embrace, looks up into his handsome face and says "As much fun as it is, I don't have time to keep doing this. I need to see what your sister wants me to wear for community service."
"Community service? I didn't know Justine got in trouble. What happened?" Joe says.
"Oh, it's not real community service, it's our code word for dressing sexy and flashing losers. Even geeks and nerds deserve to see pussy, don't you think?"
Before Joe can answer, she blows him a kiss and says "Thanks, stud. We'll do it again soon." She grabs her shorts and shirt from the bed and bounces out of the bedroom, naked. She realizes that she now feels much more comfortable being naked in this house than when she entered this bedroom.
Joe watches her leave the room, ass jiggling with each step. After she is out of sight, he realizes that he has been unconsiously squeezing his cock. "Fuck! That girl is one sweet, sexy slut." he thinks to himself.
Joe notices the time, and decides that he needs to get moving if he is going to make the meeting with his mother and the Head Mistress at Holland Prep on time. From what he's heard, you don't want to be late at Holland Prep. He pulls on a pair of jeans and struggles to stuff his cock into the jeans. Finally, he is able to get the jeans buttoned. He grabs a t-shirt and pulls it on. As usual, he struggles to get his large biceps though the arms of the shirt. Dressed, he heads downstairs to the gargage.
When he steps into the garage, he opens the garage door and notices that his mother has taken the Range Rover. He hops into his Jaguar F-type, steps on the brake, and pushes the ignition button to start the engine. As the engine roars to life, he takes a minute to enjoy the throaty rumble of a 5.0 liter engine through twin exhaust pipes. That sound is music to Joe's ears.
After the requisite due is paid to the mechanical symphony, he slides the Jaguar out of the garage, and into the street - where he is able to smash the gas pedal and really let the cat run.
When he pulls the car into the parking lot at the school, there are a lot of girls walking around. "I must have gotten here during a class change." he thinks. Almost all of the girls are very pretty and they are wearing what Joe considers rather sexy attire - a white blouse, generally short enough to show several inches of smooth belly, a pleated skirt that seems to reach only half way to the knee, and white socks that reach the knee.
Several of the girls see him pull up and get out of the car. They quickly huddle up and start talking amongst themselves. They are too far away to hear what they are saying, but they keep pointing in Joe's direction. He doesn't know if they are pointing at him, or the car. The car is a sexy beast, and always gets plenty of attention. Since he doesn't know where the main office is, he thinks this is his chance to meet this group of girls. As he approaches the group, the giggling gets louder. When he is about ten feet from the group, they all become silent.
"I'm new here, and I need to get to the main office for a meeting. Can you girls tell me where the main office is?" he asks the group, no one in particular.
Most of the girls clutch their books tightly, look down, and start to blush. One of the more confident girls, a beautiful blonde with rather large tits pushing their way out of the shirt points and tells him "Just follow that sidewalk until it ends, then make a right."
"Thank you, ladies." Joe says to the group while winking at the blonde girl. When Joe reaches the office of the Head Mistress, he sees that his mother is already there. Corina tells him that she just got there, in fact she hasn't even had time to sit down. Joe sees that his mother is still wearing her yoga attire - a sports bra and a pair of spandex shorts, both of which are fairly sheer. Her tits are quite visible through the top, and her nipples are very prominent. The shorts have wedged themselves deeply between her thick pussy lips, giving her a monster camel toe that even reveals her sizable clit. Joe thinks that his mother must not be concerned about making a good first appearance - or maybe she does, because he notices that the Head Mistress is also enjoying the sight of his mother's pussy.
After ample time of admiring Corina's pussy, the Head Mistress invites them to sit down. When everyone is seated, she introduces herself. "I am Nikki Price, the current Head Mistress at Holland Prep." Nikki is 35 years old with a naturally beautiful face and shoulder length brown hair. She is wearing a tight white top that is struggling to contain her firm C cup tits and a black knee length skirt that is stretched tightly around her ample round ass.
They talk about the history of the school - how it was always a girls-only school until six months ago, when the board voted to make the school co-ed. "Because this change is so recent, there are some interesting 'challenges' that have been created." says Nikki.
"Oh really, I can't imagine that allowing boys to attend your school would create any problems that you can't solve." replies Corina.
"We certainly can solve the problems, but it's a matter of time. These things tend to move slowly, you see. The most pressing issue we have is the school uniform. As you have seen, we have a uniform for the girls. The board has yet to even review, much less approve, a uniform for boys." Nikki says.
"I'm glad you brought up the girls' uniform." replies Corina. "My daughter attended this school just two years ago, and I remember the uniform requirements to be much stricter. It seems to me like the socks are getting longer, and the skirts are getting shorter. It makes the girls look...slutty."
"I assure you our uniform requirements have not changed, Mrs. Hunter. The girls are required to provide their own white knee high socks, and the school provides the skirt and blouse. Yes, the skirts and blouses seem to have gotten shorter. I think the supplier is making them shorter to save money on material. I have brought up the issue with board, but they say that nothing can be done as long as the current contract is in effect."
"Just look at that girl. It seems like all the girls are dressed like her." Corina says, while pointing out the window of Nikki's office.
Nikki turns her head to look at the girl. Her socks are an acceptable length, but her skirt is quite short. It seems like it is barely long enough to cover her ass. Her blouse is also rather short. It leaves about three inches of her belly exposed. "At least it is a nice taut belly." Nikki thinks. As if on cue, a notebook slides out of the girl's hand and she stops to bends over and pick it up. When she bends over, the back of her skirt rises to reveal her underwear. She is wearing a tiny thong, so her entire ass is on display for the world.
When Joe sees the girl's nice round ass, a sly smile creeps across his face. His hand involuntarily grabs his dick and gives it a squeeze. His dick quickly plumps up and grows a few inches in response.
Nikki's face starts to blush with embarassment for the girl. "Ahem...well, yes we are currently having a problem with getting the girls to comply with our rule of 'conservative undergarments'. It seems that they all want to wear a thong, or...even less."
"Even less!?" yelps Joe. "If I'm around girls like that all day, I'll have a perpetual boner." he thinks.
"Mrs. Hunter, I want you know that we are relentlessly pursuing this underwear problem. In fact, let's handle this specific situation right now. Please stay seated, both of you, I'll be right back." Looking though the window, Joe and Corina see Nikki step outside and approach the girl that is wearing the thong. There is a short conversation, then Nikki grabs the girl by her upper arm and drags her into the office. The girl is a very cute blonde with a button nose and big blue eyes.
"I am getting very tired of this insolence!" Nikki screams at the girl. "I can't begin to count how many times I have told all of you girls that conservative underwear is required. "Yet here you are, wearing a sexy little thong, making a mockery out of me."
Joe and Corina exchange looks of fear and respect.
"I've tried using other methods of discipline to no avail, so now you are going to receive a spanking." Nikki tells the girl.
"Spanking!?" the girl squeals.
"Yes, a spanking. Now put your books down and bend over the desk." The girl places her books in the empty chair between Joe and Corina, then bends over the desk. Her chest is flat on the desk and her head is turned to look at Joe. Nikki grabs the girl's skirt and flips it up onto her back, exposing her tight ass and the thong that put her into this situation. Nikki tells the girl to remove the thong.
"Please tell them to leave, we shouldn't be doing this in front of these people." the girls begs Nikki.
"No!" screams Nikki. "You were just outside, bending over to show the whole world your ass. Why would there be a problem with these two people seeing it?"
The girl reaches back, grabs the straps of the thong, pulls it down her ass, and lets it fall down her shapely legs until it is around her ankles.
When she pulls down her thong, Joe can see her plump pussy lips peeking out from between her thighs. "Oh shit..." he mumbles. As his dick starts to harden, he unconsciously grabs it through his jeans, and starts squeezing it.
Nikki announces "Since this is your first spanking, you will receive 10 swats. Do you understand, Misty?"
"Yes, Head Mistress Price." she replies.
"Very good. Let's begin." Nikki swings her arm back and then brings it forward in a flash. SMACK! the sound of the her palm hitting the girls ass reverberates in the room. Every time Nikki slaps the young girl's ass, Joe enjoys watching her ass jiggle in response.
"Oooh..." cries the girl. Being bend over a desk and getting slapped on her bare ass by a hot woman while two complete strangers watch makes the experience more erotic than painful.
After each slap, Misty lets out a cry that is more pleasure than pain. Watching this hot older lady slap the ass of an innocent looking girl really arouses Joe. He groans in unison with the girl's cries, squeezing his cock so hard that it is nearly at it's full potential. After eight swats, the girl opens her eyes and looks at Joe. Her eyes grow very wide when she sees the huge lump running down the leg of his jeans. Knowing that the girl enjoys seeing his huge erection makes Joe's dick get even harder. He can feel it throbbing though the jeans.
Joe can feel the cum churning in his balls. He knows that if this goes on much longer, he will shoot a load in his jeans. While still squeezing his cock, Joe pleads with Nikki to stop the punishment. "Please stop, Head Mistress Price, I can't take any more." he groans.
A red handprint is starting to appear on the girl's ass. The ninth time Nikki slaps her ass, Misty lets out a moan of pure pleasure.
"Aahh...fuck!" cries Joe. It takes everything he has to keep the cum in his balls.
Nikki rears her arm back to deliver the final slap to Misty's ass, then a devious smile creeps across her face. "Would you like to administer the final swat, Joe?" she asks.
"Please, Head Mistress Price, don't let this strange boy slap my bare ass. It isn't right." pleads Misty.
"Shut your mouth, you little slut!" screams Nikki.
"Well, if it's okay, I would like to help you punish the girl. After all, helping to enforce the rules is part of school spirit, isn't it?" Joe asks Nikki.
"Of course it is, Mr. Hunter." Nikki steps aside and motions for Joe to stand behind the young girl that is bent over her desk - skirt laying on her back, thong around her ankles, with her plump pussy lips and tight asshole on display.
Joe pulls back his arm and lets loose a hard slap on the girl's naked ass. It was so loud the girls in the hallway must have heard it. Joe rests his hand on Misty's perfect ass, enjoying the heat that is radiating from it. Joe rubs his hand on her ass, and then gives it a strong squeeze. Joe is so turned on that he slips a finger in between the cheeks of Misty's ass and strokes her little butthole.
Misty lets out a groan of pure pleasure in response to Joe squeezing her ass and playing with her puckered rosebud.
Joe notices that Misty has slipped her hand between her legs, and is stroking her clit with abandon. Just as her legs start to quiver, Nikki playfully slaps her ass and announces "Misty, your punishment is complete. Get dressed, gather your books, and get to class."
Denied her orgasm, Misty whimpers loudly as she pulls a sticky finger from her thick juicy pussy lips. Reluctantly, she bends down, grabs her thong, pulls it up her legs, and over her hips. Just before picking up her books, Misty grabs Joe's cock through his jeans and gives it squeeze. "I can't wait to get my hands on this monster." she whispers to him.
Nikki opens the door for Misty. "I better not see your bare ass tomorrow, young lady." She says as Misty pouts and stomps into the hallway.
Nikki closes the door, turns to Corina, and says "Let's get back to the topic at hand - the boys' uniform, or more correctly, the lack thereof. Until the board manages to approve a uniform for the guys, I think Joe can just wear a pair of jeans with a shirt that is red, white, or red and white. After all, our school colors are red and white."
"I think that is appropriate attire for Joe." his mother replies. "Although I am concerned about how he will react with all these girls around that are intent on showing as much flesh as possible."
"I think a lot of that is just because there were only girls here, Mrs. Hunter. I bet that when we have a few boys around, the girls will become a lot more self-conscious. Also, we are more than capable of using disciplinary measures to keep Joe focused." Nikki shoots Joe a quick wink as she mentions discipline.
"Well Ms. Price, I guess you have put my concerns to rest. I will be leaving now. Have fun at school, Joe." says Corina. She gives him a kiss on the cheek, and then leaves the room.
"Now that your mother is gone, we can get down to business, Mr. Hunter. What kind of sports are you interested in?" asks Nikki.
"Well, I love to swim." replies Joe.
"Great. We have an outstanding swim team. I'm sure you will make an excellent addition to the team. Is there anything else you are interested in?"
"Well, my girlfriend says that I could become a cheerleader. She says that it will make a great impression on the college interview board."
"It's great to hear that you are interested in fostering school spirit, Mr. Hunter. Your girlfriend is correct, it will greatly increase your chance of being accepted into a great college. I'm afraid that there is one problem, though."
"What is the problem?" asks Joe.
"Well, as stated earlier, we haven't yet fully transitioned into a co-ed school. We are lacking in a number of things for the guys. We don't have any approved uniforms for guys, even sports uniforms."
When Nikki tells him there isn't an approved uniform for male cheerleaders, a frown appears on Joe's face.
"Don't worry Mr. Hunter, you are very lucky. Your girlfriend, Kayla, is the head cheerleader. With a position like that, she has certain access that most students don't have. She told me of your desire to be our first male cheerleader. I think you will be an outstanding role model as a cheerleader. Sewing is a hobby of mine, so I took the liberty of creating the first male cheerleader uniform for our school. She then reaches down and opens a desk drawer. She pulls out a small piece of red and white cloth and tosses it to Joe. "You get to wear a Nikki Price original." Nikki says while laughing.
Joe catches the small cloth, and says "What is this?"
"It's your cheerleading uniform, silly." she replies.
Joe unfolds the cloth, and holds it up to see that it is a small thong with a large pouch. Since the school colors are red and white, the straps of the thong are red while the large pouch is white.
"Kayla told me about your 'size', so I took the liberty of altering the pattern a little bit. Actually, I had to alter it quite a bit. She told me you're a really big boy. I can't wait to see you wearing it, there's a really great surprise! Try it on now, so we can see if it fits."
"Oh, I don't think it would be appropriate for me to put it on right now. I don't have anywhere to change." Replies Joe as he starts to blush.
"Don't be silly, boy. Yours won't be the first cock that I have seen. Now, pull off those jeans and slide on that thong!" commands Nikki.
Resigned to his fate, Joe sighs as he turns away from Nikki and pulls off his jeans. When his jeans hit the ground, Nikki is so impressed with Joe's tight round ass, she lets out a little squeal.
Joe half turns around to see why Nikki is making sounds. When he looks at Nikki, he sees her right hand is balled into a fist, and she is biting on her index finger. A large smile creeps across Joe's face as he realizes that Nikki is quite impressed with what she sees. When he bends down to pick up his jeans, he wonders if Nikki sees the big smooth balls hanging between his legs. He throws the jeans on a chair, and then picks up the thong. Joe slowly bends over and sticks each foot into the thong, and then proceeds to pull the thong up his legs until it is resting on his hips, with the rear strap snuggly embedded between the muscular cheeks of his ass.
As he turns around to face Nikki, he looks down at the pouch, and sees the surprise that Nikki mentioned. "Holy cow, this thing is completely sheer! You can see my entire cock and balls through this pouch!" screams Joe.
"I know, baby. That's what's so great about it." Nikki slowly approaches Joe, her eyes locked on the sheer white pouch that reveals every inch of his big, thick manhood. "Your monster cock and balls completely fill the pouch. It's the perfect size!"
"This is the entire uniform?" Joe's eyes widen at the thought of being in front of hundreds of strangers wearing only this tiny thong, his entire cock and balls on display for all to see through the sheer pouch.
"Yes, that is the entire uniform. Take off your shirt so that I can see the entire picture." Nikki orders Joe.
Joe removes his shirt, secretly enjoying the feeling of being nearly naked in front of a virtual stranger.
"Just what I expected, You don't have anything to be ashamed of, Mr. Hunter." Nikki says after letting out a wolf-whistle. She slowly approaches Joe and grabs the pouch that is barely able to contain his cock and looks deeply into his eyes. "When Kayla told me that you're swinging a sledgehammer between your legs, I knew that I had to make the pouch sheer." As Nikki squeezes his cock, she says "This piece of meat is such a thing of beauty, all women deserve to see it. Imagine the school spirit that it will inspire in all those lonely housewives."
"I can't wait." replies Joe, rather sarcastically.
"Do you have a problem with the uniform, Mr. Hunter?" Nikki asks with a tone of complete authority.
"No ma'am. I look forward to wearing it." squeaks Joe.
"Good, I thought you would. You may call me Head Mistress Nikki. I think we are on polite enough terms for that."
"Thank you for the uniform, ma'am..I mean Head Mistress Nikki."
"You may get dressed, Mr. Hunter. I will summon a girl to show you around the campus. Tommorow will be your first day of classes at Holland Prep." Nikki tells Joe.
"Thank you." Joe says as he pulls the thong down his legs. As he picks up the thong to place it on a chair, he notices Nikki admiring his cock. Joe struggles to keep his cock soft. This scenerio is one of his dreams. He relishes the opportunity to be completely naked in front of his school principal.
"That really is a first class piece of meat you have, Mr. Hunter." Nikki says while approaching Joe. When she is standing in front of Joe, so close that he can feel her warm breath on his neck, she reaches out and grabs his cock. "My god, even soft it's so thick that I can't get my hand all the way around it! It feels so much better without the cloth, don't you think?" She squeezes his cock a couple of times and leans in to whisper "I'm going to have to take this thing for a test drive sometime."
Nikki reluctantly releases his cock from her grasp, walks around her desk, and pushes a button that connects to a classroom intercom. "Mrs. Green, please send Ms. Wells to the main office. I have a special job for her."
"Yes, Head Mistress Price." Mrs. Green replies over the intercom.
Nikki points to Joe's jeans and says "You need to get dressed Mr. Hunter. I don't think the girls are quite ready for this." Nikki says while pointing at Joe's naked body.
"Right, Head Mistress Nikki." Joe replies. While he bends down to grab the jeans, Nikki walks over to stand behind Joe, admiring the lemon sized balls that hang between his muscular thighs. Nikki lets out a little laugh while shaking her head.
"What?" Joe asks Nikki as he struggles to stuff his enlarged cock into his jeans.
"Nothing..please hurry getting dressed. Stephanie should be here any minute." Nikki tells Joe.
Just as Joe is buttoning his jeans, a very pretty girl appears in the doorway of the office. When Joe turns to face her, she lets out a little squeal of excitement.
Nikki does not appear to care that Stephanie has arrived before Joe is fully dressed. She immediately starts making the introductions. "Joe, this is Stephanie Wells, a senior; Stephanie, this is Joe Hunter, a new student at Holland Prep. He will be a senior, too."
Joe offers his hand to Stephanie for a handshake. Stephanie shakes his hand while admiring his ripped, muscular torso. "Ahem...your shirt, Mr. Hunter?" Nikki says.
"Right" he replies while grabbing his shirt and pulling it on. Stephanie lets out a little whimper when the perfect male torso is no longer on display for her enjoyment.
"Stephanie, I want you to show Mr. Hunter around our lovely campus. Make sure he knows where everything is, he will be attending classes for the first time tommorrow."
"With pleasure, Head Misstress Price." Stephanie replies.
As they turn to leave the office and start the tour, Nikki says "Don't forget this, Mr. Hunter." while throwing the thong at Joe. He catches the thong, and stuffs it into the front pocket of his jeans.
"What is that?" asks Stephanie.
"Nothing. Don't worry, I have a feeling you'll see it soon enough." Joe replies while smirking.
Joe dutifully follows Stephanie around the campus as she shows him where everything is, especially his classes. The entire time Joe is so focused on her lovely legs, he barely pays any attention to what she says. After staring at her toned, smooth legs for so long, Joe finally asks "What sports are you into, Stephanie? Cheerleading, swimming?"
"I am on the swim team. I have been thinking about trying out for cheerleading." She responds.
"Great, I'm going to try out for the swim team and cheerleading." Joe tells her.
"Well, I guess we'll be seeing more of each other." She says with a smile. "Speaking of seeing more of each other.." she thinks to herself as they stop in front of the library. "This is the library. Let's go inside and have a better look." she tell Joe.
She leads Joe down a slightly dark corridor of books, and then she stops abruptly. "I like the books in this section down here." she says as she bends at the waist, exposing her bare ass to Joe. He sees that she is wearing a tiny g-string. Joe steps forward and lightly slaps her juicy ass with his large hand.
"You know, I just watched Head Mistress Nikki spank Misty for wearing underwear like this." he tells her while squeezing her ass.
"Do you want to spank me, mister?" she struggles to reply through heavy breathing.
"Well, I don't really want to be known as the panty police. In fact, I love what you're wearing." he tells her while unzipping his pants. Joe pulls out his cock and starts rubbing it on Stephanie's perfect ass.
"Oh shit, that feels so great." Stephanie barely manages to get out while still bent over. Her breathing gets more rapid when she realizes that what is being rubbed against her ass is a cock - and a rather large one at that.
Joe's cock quickly hardens as a response to being rubbed against an amazing ass. "What I really want is for you to suck my cock." he tells Stephanie.
"I'd love to baby." Stephanie says as she stands up. When she turns around to face Joe, she has second thoughts as she sees the size of his cock. "Fucking christ, man! That's a whopper, I don't know if it will fit in my mouth." She tells him as she sinks to her knees.
"Well, give it the ol' college try." he says as he grabs the back of her head and pulls it toward the engorged pink helmet, probably as big as her fist.
In response, Stephanie opens her mouth as wide as she can, but the flared cockhead is so big that only the very tip of it fits into her mouth. "It's too big, it'll never fit!" she cries as she grabs the fat shaft with both hands.
"Well, then just worship it. Kiss it, lick it, and most of all jerk it." he commands.
"Sure" she replies, as she commences to lick the length of the shaft, place kisses on the large head, and jerk the beast for all it's worth. While jerking his cock, she looks up into his eyes and says "You must be a Saint, because this cock is a miracle." She then releases one of her hands from his cock to cradle his balls. "These balls probably produce enough sperm to populate an entire city!" she cries out. After several minutes of watching this lovely face worship his powerful cock, Joe feels the cum in his ball begin to boil.
"Get ready baby, I'm about to blow my load!" Joe announces. The first blast of cum catches Stephanie off guard, and it lands on her forehead. Always a quick learner, she gets her face out of the line of fire while continuing to stroke the large cock as it fires shot after shot of cum, eliciting a grunt from Joe with each blast of cum. When Joe looks down at the girl bringing him such pleasure, he sees that the cum on her forehead has started to drip down her beautiful face. He thinks that she may look even better with his cum on her face, marking her as his property.
When the flow of cum slows to a drip, she lets go of his cock, and wipes most of the cum off her face. "That was hella fun!" she tells him. "I hope we can do it again."
"For sure, babe." Joe replies through heavy breathing.
Once back to reality, Joe hears a rustling in the isle next to them. He turns his to look, and see a middle aged woman with glasses - obviously the librarian. "Hrumph.." he hears her say before she walks away.
"I don't know how much she saw, but we probably shouldn't hang around to find out." he tells stephanie while stuffing his softened, but still dripping dick back into his jeans. He grabs Stephanie's hand, pulls her to her feet, and they run out of the library, laughing the whole way.
Once outside the library, Joe turn to face Stephanie. He reluctantly wipes away the remaining cum from her face, and gives her a deep kiss. "Thanks babe, I'm sure we'll meet again."
Stephanie watches him run toward the parking lot and hop into a white car that looks quite sexy. Not knowing that he already has a girlfriend - the head cheerleader no less, she thinks to herself "I'm definately going to try to land that guy." as the car roars away.
...Meanwhile, back at the Hunter house...
Zoey walks into Justine's room, completely naked, and throws her shorts and shirt onto the bed. "What are we going to wear on today's mission?" she asks Justine.
Justine looks at Zoey, admiring her naked body, and remarks "It looks like you survived your first encounter with the monster."
"Yes, it was one hell of a time, I must say." Zoey responds. "Why did you wait so long to tell me that your brother has a magnificient cock?"
"I love the booger head very much. I don't want anyone to take advantage of him." Justine says.
"I wouldn't have taken advantage of him. Well, okay, maybe I would have...that cock is not something to be denied." Zoey admits.
Justine is already dressed for the mall. She is wearing a white wife-beater tank top and a pleated skirt that barely covers her ass. Of course she isn't wearing a bra or panties. This game has one rule - no bra or panties are allowed.
"I have an outfit picked out for you, if you are woman enough to wear it, bitch." Justine chides.
"Lay it on me, slut." Zoey tells Justine while smiling and sticking out her chest proudly.
"Here it goes. These cut off shorts and this top." Justine says while throwing the items onto the bed.
"Sure, no problem." Zoey replies as she picks up the shorts, noticing that they have been cut so short that only a thin strip of fabric remains in the crotch, holding the front to the back.
As Zoey bends over to step into the shorts, Justine admires the puffy pussy lips that protrude from her legs.
When Zoey pulls on the shorts, she sees that if she parts her legs, the strip of fabric wedges into her pussy, putting her thick smooth lips on full display. When she turns and looks into the mirror, she sees that the back of the shorts are so high that almost half of her ass is always exposed. "I love them." She says to Justine, while smiling.
"Great!" Justine replies. "Now put on the shirt."
Zoey picks up the shirt. It's black, and as it slides over her arms, she can see that is is fairly sheer. When the shirt is on, she sees that it ends just above her pierced belly button. When she looks into the mirror, she sees that the size and shape of her tits are mostly visible and her erect nipples are clearly visible.
"I like it, let's go baby!" she announces to Justine.
"Here, put on these first." Justine says as she hands Zoey a pair of white knee high socks that have two black stripes at the top. Zoey pulls on the socks and slides her little feet into a pair of black low top converse all stars.
"Sweet, let's go tease some losers!" Zoey says as she gives Justine a high-five.
When Justine pushes the button to open the garage door, she sees that the garage is almost empty. Corina has taken the Range Rover, and Joe is in his Jaguar. Justine and Zoey climb into her black BMW 335xi convertible coupe. The top is down, as usual. Justine backs out of the garage, into the street. When they are moving forward, both girls raise their hands to the sky and yell "Whooo.."
To be continued...