Love, lust and marriage part three
[This is a direct sequel to part two, if came here straight away a lot of it won't make much sense to you. You pop back and catch up and I'll put the kettle on and wait for you]
Two days after coming home from the hospital
I stood in my bathroom at home, naked as the day I was born, and looked at myself in the full-length mirror while I brushed my hair. I was still damp from my shower and my hair hung around my face and tickled my bare shoulders, tonight would be a good night. I would be meeting Sophie at the gallery later, she was there setting things up as it was her firm that brokered the sale. So the party was for the new owners to show off their new toy, the only problem would be the creative people that would be attending as well as the usual people you'd expect at what is essentially a trumped-up office party. Although I wouldn't say that to Sophie!
So these creative types would be milling around making a case for why their paintings or projects ought to be showcased in the gallery, I suspect you know the kind of people I mean. They call everyone 'darling' and have an opinion on every inanimate object, they just love the curve of a table leg and the angle of a lamp is a nod to virtually anythingism (my own word.) So, avoiding these people would be the only bump in the road, I'm uncultured and proud. Just one final word on it, if a person did describe themselves as 'cultured' or comment on something as an 'artist' it would make me want to stab them 'as a psychopath.' Twats, sorry, I had a bad experience with an artist called Claude once (I shit you, not) he painted me in the nude and made me look like a character in a cartoon and he called it creative licence. Therefore, I told him to creatively go and fuck himself and, knowing what he's like, he probably tried.
Anyway, since coming home from the hospital, I made a full recovery thanks for asking, I had been home alone. Sophie had to go to a final meeting yesterday and stopped over in a hotel, last night while on the phone I had told her in minute detail what had happened with Louise in my hospital bed. She listened to every word with one hand holding the phone and the other hand stroking like crazy, she told me that when we meet up tonight it will take all her effort to stop herself from unscrewing her vagina and throwing it at me!
Sophie and I had been dress shopping about a week ago for this event and picked out some very nice outfits; Sophie's was a beautiful backless satin dress that was a sparkly gold colour that fastened around the back of her neck and a hemline that came to about four inches below her arse cheeks! Two thin laces wrapped around the back, which stopped the front from falling away. From behind; everything from her shoulders to the small of her back was exposed. It came with a lovely long-sleeved sheer jacket that covered her up, it was a little longer than her dress but almost totally see-through. When she had tried it on in the dress shop and let her hair loose over her back... let's just say everyone that saw her approved.
My dress was not as glamourous as Sophie's was, and nor should it have been as she was one of the hostesses, but it was very flirty. I decided to go for a little black dress, simple thin shoulder straps and a neckline that came to a point in-between my breasts. The hem hung around my thighs and swayed when I walked; if I needed to pick something up I'd have to remember to bend my knees because if I bent over properly everyone would get a very nice view!
I walked into the bedroom which was a symphony of pink cushions and love hearts, about as girly as you can get. My dress was laid out on the bed and it would soon be time to set off, so I sat down at my dressing table and got to work with make-up. A wet-look pink gloss for my lips and gentle blusher, light mascara and I was ready to get dressed. I slid my dress down over my body, loving that 'new dress' feel, and instantly felt sexier. I found my heels and suddenly felt 3 feet taller, there are few things more empowering and ego-boosting than dressing up in a sexy outfit with heels!
I picked up my jacket, I probably wouldn't need it as it was a warm night and the gallery would probably be hot but I live in England, which means no matter how warm you think it is, at any moment you might be confronted with trademark drizzle. I went back into the bathroom and looked at myself again; I'm not going to lie to you, this girl looked hot!
I put my bag over my shoulder and started to move towards the door, I'd been having an internal conflict about something ever since I started getting ready; underwear, should I or shouldn't I? A bra was out of the question; it would stand out too much and make my dress look daft. The real question was about panties, without them I felt sexier, but with them, I felt safer. I decided to take a chance and go without but I did stuff some in my bag just in case. Just as I made my decision, my phone pinged to tell me my car had arrived. Sophie had sent a car so I could have a drink tonight; no doubt, she wanted me to get a little tipsy so she could have fun with me, not that I needed alcohol for that! I took a deep breath, opened the front door, and headed to the smart black car taking care not to show off too much to the driver when I lifted my leg to get in!
I rested my head against the headrest and crossed my legs, if the driver had turned around he would've got a decent view of my upper thigh, however, he was a professional and never took his eyes off the road. In silence we headed to the gallery, the air was cooler in the car and my nipples gently hardened as we travelled, it wasn't until we went over a couple of bumps that I noticed them because they grazed against my dress! By the time the journey was nearing its end, the constant friction from the bumps and the vibrations from the engine already had me on the edge! I was so caught up in it that I didn't take as much care getting out of the car as I should have and the man opening the door for me got a great view underneath my dress!
I stood up straight and took a few gulps of the night air and stretched my back, when I was feeling a little less orgasmic I started walking towards the open door of the gallery. It was bigger than I expected. I walked through the lobby and up a small set of stairs and found myself in a large room with a high ceiling, there were temporary walls up with paintings of... things, a few sculptures and a few sections of velvet ropes around other sculptures. I was handed a dainty glass of white wine, or 'girl petrol' as Sophie and I referred to it. There were maybe eighty people there altogether, lots of pressed suits, short dresses, ball gowns and high heels. It was an atmosphere of gentle chatter and the sound of heels on the wooden floor, there were some sections of carpet in various places but it was mainly wood. That meant I'd be limiting myself to two glasses of wine, any more than that would lead to a serious risk of me slipping on the floor with my legs going in different directions and sliding on my vagina through the door.
As galleries go I guess it was nice, but as I looked around and smiled at the people that smiled at me I saw the one true piece of art in that place. An amazing sight of gold mixed with red gliding through the room, effortlessly beautiful she moved around the guests smiling and laughing, stopping only to glance up and look around for someone. Everything about her screamed 'sex' her dress seemed even shorter than I remembered, she had her back to me as I moved towards her and her flawless pale skin. I toyed with the idea of slipping my hands straight around the inside of the dress but I didn't want to embarrass her, it was a big night after all.
She stepped away from the group she was talking with and again straightened up and looked around until she turned and saw me. Until the day I die, I'll remember the smile that lit up her face when she saw me, it was like every pore in her skin started glowing and she walked towards me with her arms opening. When the most beautiful woman in the room looks at you like that, whether you're a man or woman, you feel about ten feet tall (or eleven if you're wearing heels.) She reached out and put her hands on my shoulders, looked into my eyes and spoke.
"Hey there you sexy cunt, give me a hug!" I burst out laughing and walked into her arms and put my hands on her naked back, rubbing up and down...and down until I reached the part where skin met satin. "Hey, be patient, there will be time for that later." Despite her call for patience, I felt a little pinch on my bum!
"Are you wearing any underwear?" she asked. Her hands were on my hips and she couldn't feel a waistband.
"Uh, nope," I told her. "Are you?" she looked around for a moment and grabbed hold of my hand and, without warning, guided it under her dress! It was only there for a second but it was long enough to feel her naked lips under the hem!
"What happened to being patient?" I asked with a grin.
"It got boring! Come on, let's get another drink." She took me by the hand and led me around the gallery, it was full of those types of people I hate but there were some rather nice women here. Trophy wives in the arms of older gentlemen, always happy to show off the best bodies money can buy. It all smelled of money, fakery, and privilege.
One of the women stepped out from the crowd, she had a lovely red velvet gown on that hugged her figure perfectly. It had a low-neck line that gave a nice few of her cleavage and the hem of the gown almost touched the floor. She was a few inches taller than me but that might be due to her shoes, the heels looked like they should be difficult to walk in but, just like my Sophie, she glided like a swan on a lake. She had a pair of sparkling earrings and a necklace that looked like it was worth more than my house, and even her hair was immaculate, short brunette hair that could have been styled with a scalpel and magnifying glass. Basically, if you had to draw a picture of a rich, elegant woman in her mid-thirties, you would draw her.
"That's Kelly Chambers, the new owner," Sophie told me; she must have caught me looking. "She's the new owner, and that," she nodded to a man next to Kelly, "is her husband, Dominic."
Dominic was around six feet tall, well built, with facial features that could have been sculpted from marble. He had short black hair and a suit that screamed 'money,' he had the look of a man who had never been told 'no.' I looked up at Sophie and noticed her gaze was travelling over Mr Chambers, the gentle squeezing of my hand told me that Dominic might be having a very good night. I'll be honest, he did very little for me. Men are generally okay, but it seems the more handsome they are, the more deserving they believe themselves to be.
That's just my experience, no man has ever made me orgasm by himself, I've needed Sophie there to get me over the edge. Sophie likes having sex with men more than I do, she loves feeling a man orgasm inside her body and I enjoy watching it happen. Sometimes I get involved afterwards but, wait, where did Sophie go?
While I was talking to myself, Sophie had made her way over to the couple and the three of them were laughing, Dominic seemed to like the look of Sophie judging by where his eyes were! Kelly stepped to one side and I realized the gown she was wearing had a huge split on the side, right up to her waist! I needed to have a better look; I switched into 'pervert mode' and walked toward her trying not to make it too obvious.
I think Sophie must have mentioned me because, for a moment, both Dominic and Kelly looked up at me, smiled and looked away again. What was Sophie saying? As I got closer I could see Kelly better, the split in her dress actually went up the side of her leg and over her hip. There was a thin black lace that joined it together to stop her flashing too much but, I was still in 'pervert mode' and I looked very closely and just glimpsed some delicate red and black underwear as she moved her leg.
It was getting louder in the room, a lot of people were coming and going and the conversations seemed to get louder. I overheard two men standing in front of a painting debating what it 'really' meant, I had a quick look and decided that it really meant the artist was either blind or having a stroke, or having a pineapple inserted into his rectum while he tried to draw a picture.
"Twats," I said under my breath.
"I couldn't agree more," said Kelly. She must've floated towards me because I hadn't heard a thing!
"Oh, fuck me, sorry," I said. "Do you know them?" I gestured towards the men and hoped they weren't her friends or something.
"Yes, the one on the left is Bob, the one on the right is my brother, Carl," said Kelly. My heart sank and my stomach did a backflip.
"Shit, sorry, I didn't mean it," I said trying to sound genuine. "I just think artists take themselves too seriously and..."
"I'm an artist," Kelly smiled. Obviously loving my awkwardness"
"Of course you are, and I'm sure your pictures are better than that one..." Even as I said it, I sensed what she was going to say next!
"That is one of mine," said Kelly, confirming that my sudden gut feeling was correct!
"Oh fuck me with a brick! I'm leaving now," I started to walk away hoping a hole would open up and swallow me but she grabbed my hand and pulled me back...
"Don't be silly," she laughed. "I'm just teasing you!" She pulled me back to her side, hooked a glass of wine off a passing waiter's tray, and passed it to me.
"Thanks, sorry I didn't mean to offend you," I said sipping at my drink. There was barely enough wine in the glasses to drown a fly but right then it was just what I needed!
"My name is Kelly, I'm the new owner," she said with a smile. "And you must be Alice, Sophie's wife."
"Yes, I am, it's nice to meet you," I said in my special ultra-polite voice usually reserved for phone calls. "Congratulations, you look amazing." She nodded and smiled.
"Are you congratulating me for buying this place? Or congratulating me for looking amazing?" Kelly laughed; she emitted class like no one I've ever known, maybe I was imagining it, but it felt like she was flirting with me.
"Both," I told her. "That's a very daring split in your dress." She smiled and smoothed down her dress.
"Thank you," said Kelly. "I have to be careful when I sit down and cross my legs, or when I go up and stairs! I don't realise I'm showing something I shouldn't unless I feel the fresh air in here," she pointed downwards towards her underwear. We both laughed for a moment, I could sympathise with what she said. I was having my own problems in that department.
"I love your dress too," said Kelly stepping back and looking me up and down. "I do love a little black dress." I smiled at her loving the compliments she was giving me. I posed a little, bending my knees in a curtsey and slowly twirling; I was oblivious to everyone else.
"Mmm I love it," she looked me over again. Kelly looked up at the clock on the wall and back at me. "Hey, there's a special section around the back, it's a private display but I think you'll enjoy it, would you like to see it." My mouth was suddenly dry despite the wine so I just nodded, she took my hand again and we walked away towards the back of the room. I turned to tell Sophie what was happening but she was nowhere to be seen, so I just allowed myself to be led. The sight of Kelly's leg appearing and disappearing under her gown was weirdly hypnotic; when I snapped out of it and looked up again a realized we were no longer in the main room.
We were in a dark corridor; the sounds of the party faded away until it was quiet except for the sound of our heels on the floor as we walked. We went around a couple of corners and emerged into a room full of black carry-cases and empty picture frames; we stopped behind a large stack of cases. I wasn't really thinking at this point, the wine had made me feel pleasantly numb already and I was ready to accept whatever came next. Kelly let go of my hand and peered around the stack of cases, then turned back to me with a dreamy smile.
"Come and see," Kelly whispered. She had her back against the cases and peered around the corner, like a soldier in cover, covertly watching the enemy. I nodded and stepped forward, suddenly extremely nervous, and approached her. As I looked around the corner Kelly put her arm around my waist and stroked my arm, my eyes widened at what I saw in front of me. Sophie and Dominic had obviously had the same idea as Kelly and they were clearly enjoying their time together!
Sophie had her back against the brick wall, and I could hear a low murmuring coming from her throat. Dominic was kissing her neck and his hands were roaming all over the front of her dress. His cock had been freed from his zipper hole and Sophie held it in her hand, gently stroking it while he groped at her breasts. The whole scene was incredibly hot and I felt as if my pussy had suddenly caught fire.
"I guess your wife and my husband are getting on quite well together," Kelly whispered in my ear. Her right cheek pressed against my left cheek and we both watched our 'significant others' explore each other. I guessed that this was what the three of them had been chatting about in the gallery earlier on; I knew Sophie would want me to enjoy the show and I really was! Kelly moved behind me and rested her chin on my shoulder, she wrapped her arms around my waist and we watched Dominic and Sophie while they kissed and stroked each other.
Dominic released Sophie's breast and dropped his hand to the hem of her dress, he pulled it up and Sophie's pussy was on display for us all to see. Even from here I could see how wet she was, her bare lips glistened and his hand glided over them. When he touched her, I could almost feel it, my body ached and trembled but I didn't move a muscle; I just watched.
I felt Kelly shift behind me; she lifted her chin off my shoulder and delicately rested her lips against it. Her hands were on my hips and she moved them up towards my breasts, lifting my dress as she went. I felt cool air against my bum as the hem of my dress rose and Kelly kissed her way from my shoulder to my neck, she was toying with me and I loved every moment of it. I leaned back against her body and reached behind my back, I fumbled around until I felt the gap in her dress. Kelly must've realized what I was looking for because I felt her take hold of my wrist and guide my hand between her legs where I found the thin fabric of her underwear. Judging by the moisture seeping into the material, Kelly was just as turned on as I was. When I put a bit of pressure on her panties I felt her stiffen and push into my back, I'm sure I felt her teeth on my neck for a split second when I guided her underwear to the side and slid my middle finger along her pussy crack!
"Mmm that feels so good," Kelly whispered, nuzzling into my neck. Dominic was grinding his hand against Sophie's pussy and they kissed harder. Sophie lifted her knee right up to her chest to open herself up for him; he took the hint and drove his two middle fingers inside her! He didn't pull them out straight away, he pushed them deeper and deeper making her quiver and look up to the ceiling. His other hand was on her left breast, he was roughly groping and squeezing her with no mercy. He pulled his fingers out of her pussy and jammed them into her mouth, her lips closed around his fingers and he pushed them further into the back of her throat. She started to gag and cough until he eventually took them out, leaving her panting and coughing.
He quickly reached down to her pussy again and pushed three fingers inside, delighting in stretching her sweet hole. He pushed them in as far as he could, when he could go no further he pulled them out and then shoved them back in again. He got quicker and quicker, deeper and deeper; Sophie was whimpering and moaning with every thrust. She tried to look down but he pinned her back to the wall by her throat, Kelly must have enjoyed that part because her hands clamped down on my breasts and she bucked her hips against my hand. She licked at my neck and kissed my cheek hard; her fingernails were digging into my chest around my breasts causing a sweet pain that made me open my mouth and groan aloud.
Kelly released my breasts and turned me to face her; she looked possessed! She planted her lips on mine and forced her tongue into my mouth, I'd hardly call it a kiss because it felt like being force-fed a hot tongue! She pulled back and licked my face from my chin to my forehead like an animal, then her fingers were in my mouth reaching in and then pulling out again. She pulled at my jaw to open my mouth and spat into it, and then licked me again. I had her saliva running out of my mouth and over my chin, she was absolutely manic.
All of a sudden, she was on her knees in front of me, she reached up, hooked her fingers into the neckline of my dress, and yanked it down to my feet! Thankfully, the shoulder straps were already down on my shoulders so they didn't break. Not waiting for a moment she buried her face between my legs, I felt a mixture of her fingers and tongue inside me. She lifted my leg up so my foot was on her shoulder giving her full access to me. I wiped my hand over my face and looked over at Sophie, her knees had buckled and she was now on her haunches in front of Dominic. He was pushing the head of his cock against her lips, and just as her mouth opened for him, she saw me.
Our eyes met and for one second, we were the only two people on the planet. She smiled at me as Kelly buried her tongue in my pussy, and I smiled at her as Dominic filled her mouth with several inches of thick cock. She groaned loudly as her mouth was invaded, I couldn't know if it was the blowjob or the sight of her wife being licked and fingered that elicited that particular sound but her eyes were fixed on me.
Dominic groaned as well, he'd glanced around at us briefly but he hadn't smiled, he just looked back at Sophie and pushed it into her mouth again. I sensed something was off with this couple; they were aggressive, which wasn't necessarily a bad thing, but there was a hint of cruelty in his eyes. Sophie was enjoying it for the moment though so I went with it, her hand had fallen between her legs and she rubbed at her pussy.
"Hey," a voice rose from between my legs, either my pussy had learned to speak or Kelly was trying to get my attention. I looked down at her and she looked a little upset, my foot was still on her shoulder and her hand still flat against my pussy. "Remember me?"
"I'm sorry," I took my foot off her shoulder and stroked her face. "Come back up here." I brought her face level with mine and softly kissed her lips. I reached around her back to find the zip holding her dress up and pulled it down to her waist, it easily slipped off and fell at her ankles. Her breasts were bigger than I thought; immediately I took them in my hands and stroked her nipples with my thumbs. I moved around her back and turned her to face Dominic and Sophie. I dragged my fingernails over her naked back until I reached her underwear; I slipped my hands around her waist and pushed one hand into her panties.
Her pussy was soaking wet and my hand slipped over her outer lips with ease, I pushed my fingers into her slick crevice and traced the inside of her lips up and down. Each time I stroked I pushed harder and deeper, when my fingers grazed over her clitoris she jumped up and her legs became unsteady and weak. I guided her down to the floor softly; she crouched with her knees as far apart as she could manage. I felt her hot fuck hole open up as I spread her lips and slipped inside, when my index and middle finger were in her silky tunnel I hooked them up and rubbed along the top edge. When I found her G-spot, she cried out so loudly that Dominic turned to look at us and his dick slipped out of Sophie's mouth and rested against her shiny lips as she panted and coughed again.
I can't be one-hundred per cent sure of this, but when Dominic turned and saw my fingers buried in his wife's pussy and her head lolling back against my shoulder, he seemed...annoyed. I wondered if he hadn't heard Kelly make that noise for a while, perhaps he was the kind of person more interested in his own satisfaction? He looked away from her and focused on me, his pride had taken a hit I was sure of it and now he was deciding what to do about it. His gaze moved from me to Sophie, I could see the gears moving in his head. I'd just made his wife cum, so now he was going to fuck my wife hard to show me he could do something to her that I couldn't do!
I watched as he reached down, grabbed a fistful of Sophie's beautiful hair, and pulled her to a standing position, she shrieked in pain as she was made to stand in front of him. He pulled her hair back to make her look up and wrapped his other hand around her throat and forcefully kissed her. Kelly and I were still crouched and my fingers were inside her again, my enthusiastic fingering had rendered her panties unwearable and they'd been slipped off and discarded. She reached back and ground her hand between my legs and my arousal increased despite Dominic's rough treatment of Sophie.
In case you're wondering why I didn't intervene, Sophie and I have a safe word (tornado)or if we can't speak we whirl our fingers around to mimic a whirlwind. As long as she wasn't doing either of those things I knew she was okay. Dominic was a big boy, but the only reason he was dominant at that moment was because Sophieallowedhim to be!
As Kelly and I explored one another, we watched; it was like a live-action porn show. Kelly's fingers were inside me now and my wetness was leaking all over her hand, her invasion just spurred me on to go deeper and faster on her. I held her breast and pinched her nipple with my other hand, pushing her closer to another orgasm. She leaned back harder against me crushing my breasts against her back and enabling her to reach further back, her fingers slipped out of me and pushed against my butthole! Normally I avoid anal play but I felt so turned on I just let her explore me, as her fingertips slipped in I softly bit her earlobe.
Dominic moved his lips away from Sophie's and released the pressure on her throat, he hooked his fingers into the collar of her dress and pulled at it, stretching the delicate fabric. Sensing what he was about to do, Sophie reached under her hair and undid the little button holding her backless dress up. She was about to undo the other thin lace holding it on but Dominic was through with waiting, he yanked the collar down and snapped the little lace then roughly shoved her dress to the floor. He bent down to pick it up and threw it across the room, then turned back to Sophie and grabbed her tits.
The sight of Sophie being undressed so quickly made me gasp, I reacted to it by pinching his wife's clitoris between my finger and thumb and biting her neck.
"Oh god, that hurts!" Kelly whinged and turned around to look at me. I thought she was going to shout at me but there was a faraway look in her eyes and she was smiling.
"Shut up you horny bitch, you know you love it," I whispered into her ear and bit her again on the shoulder. Kelly shivered and gasped and threw her head back against my shoulder with her eyes closed, I pushed my middle two fingers as deep inside her as I could and fucked her harder. Her breathing got heavier and her juice ran over my hand like a waterfall, I was getting closer to cumming too. Kelly's fingers were back where I wanted them; buried in my pussy! We licked, bit, sucked and kissed every bit of skin we could reach with our mouths; it was frantic sex at its most erotic.
Dominic looked frustrated; Sophie was staring at us and her fingers were spreading her pussy lips wide, the fingertips on her other hand pushed against her opening. He pulled her hands away from her pussy and held her wrists above her head, seeing her helplessly pressed back against the wall did something primal to him, with one hand holding her wrists over her head he reached down and lifted her thigh until her knee was level with his waist. She hooked her leg around his waist and he guided his cock to her silky opening.
I had the perfect view and saw the head of his cock enter my wife, it made my stomach jump and I felt like I could feel it inside me. In reality, it was Kelly, who had the same view as I did, pushing harder inside my body. I just needed a little more, my pussy was on fire and my mouth hung open. It was hard to concentrate on anything; a mixture of alcohol and the intensity of the situation were overwhelming me. As more of Dominic's shaft pushed into Sophie's body I felt my pussy tighten and suck Kelly's fingers inside me, she must've felt me reaching my climax because she was quickly following me over the edge.
Dominic thrust his hips forward and submerged his cock into Sophie's pussy; it brought a high-pitched screech from her as his full length disappeared inside her. He pulled the whole thing out and slammed it in again, building up a fast and hard rhythm. He let Sophie's hands go and she held on to his shoulders, he put his hands under her bum and lifted her up; her legs wrapped around his waist and he thrust into her. She was pressed against the wall and every time he pushed inside her, the small of her back hit bounced against it.
"Holy fuck," she cried out. "Fuck me harder!" Sophie encouraged him and bucked her hips against his, his cock was a blur as it smashed into her.
"Mmm, oh god," Kelly writhed against my hand and for the second time tonight her cunt erupted and hot liquid oozed out of it. I was still shaking, I'd held it off for as long as I could because I wanted to wait for Sophie so we could cum at the same time but I couldn't hold it back.
"Ohh jeez, mmmm, so..." I tried to say Sophie's name but Kelly had turned and covered my mouth with hers. Her tongue wrapped and mine as I squirted my juice across her stomach, as my orgasm burned and started to fade I heard Dominic panting and Sophie's high pitched moaning. I opened my eyes and pulled away from Kelly's lips, we both turned and watched our partners climax with each other.
Dominic thrust and thrust again, he was so fast it was amazing he had lasted this long, Sophie still had her legs around his waist and her head was drooping. She must have cum because she looked spent; suddenly Dominic stopped and pushed hard against her. Sophie's eyes opened wide as Dominic shot his load deep inside her, filling her up until it started dribbling back out. Sophie unhooked her legs and put her feet back on the floor, as soon as he let go of her, her knees buckled and she sat on the floor with her legs stretched out in front of her. Dominic pushed his softening cock against her mouth and the last of his cum coated her lips, she sucked it into her mouth briefly before he pulled it away and started stuffing it back into his trousers.
I moved away from Kelly and crawled on my hands and knees to my wife, cum was dribbling out over her lips and running over her chin. I ignored it and pushed my lips onto hers, gently kissing her and stroking her messy hair. I tasted the salty cum on her tongue and when I moved my lips away it clung to them. Her eyes were barely open and her breathing had slowed down, when she finally looked up at me, she gave me a tired smile. She brought her hands up to my face and stroked my cheeks, then looked at me so intensely I felt like she was staring into my soul.
"I want to go home," she said quietly. "Will you take me home?"
"Baby, of course, we can go home," I said stroking her hair. "A night in front of the TV and a glass of wine with the prettiest woman on the planet sounds good to me."
Dominic was with Kelly, helping her get dressed again between hugs and kisses.
"That was amazing," Kelly said with a tired smile. I looked over at them and smiled back.
"Yes, it was great," I said. Sophie retrieved her dress from where Dominic had thrown it and quickly stepped into it, the lace behind it had broken but the collar would hold it up. I grabbed my dress and pulled it on. "Is there a quick way out of here? Without going through the lobby."
"Yes, just follow the signs through there," said Kelly pointing towards a fire door. "Are you both okay?"
"We're fine," said Sophie. "Just tired, Oh shit our jackets and bags are..."
"In the lobby cloakroom," said Dominic. "Why don't you two call a car and I'll fetch your things and bring them to you."
"That would be great, thanks Dominic," I said. He disappeared through the door and Kelly came to our side.
"Did he hurt you?" Kelly asked Sophie. "He can get rough I know."
"No, it was fine," said Sophie. "Nothing I couldn't handle."
"Good job he stopped when he did, or your pussy would end up looking like an empty headlock," I told Sophie which made her smile. "You were pretty forceful too," I said to Kelly. She looked away and blushed.
"I don't usually get like that," she admitted. "It was all pretty intense, and you were pretty bite-y too!"
"Who, me," I said feigning innocence. "Don't listen to her Sophie, she's making it up!" We laughed and waited for Dominic to return.
Sophie finished arranging herself and was effortlessly beautiful again, I looked like I'd been dragged through a hedge by my pussy lips but I didn't care. Ten minutes later, we were on our way home.
End of part three
[Next time Sophie has a surprise for Alice and it isn't chocolates!]