Chapter Four
Kim's life finally began to change in substantial ways. Ben was around more; they spent most nights together now. He was finishing up some business that would give him all the free time he wanted. Kim was learning his preferences in normal life as well as sexually. She found herself more and more wanting to please him in every way possible. Ben, her Master, was taking her out on the town more often. Places she never even knew existed, experiences beyond her wildest fantasies. She felt both very lucky and very aware of her shortcomings.
Kim was anxious this evening. Master seemed to be different tonight. They were in the limo, on their way to somewhere. Kim never knew unless Master chose to tell her. He was dressed differently tonight, much more casual clothes than usual. They were driving into the country, maybe that was a clue.
Finally the limo turned into an unmarked road. Ahead of them Kim saw of all thing a drive-in movie theater! Other expensive vehicles were parked in rows before a tall white screen. Their driver parked and exited the limousine, walking off into the night.
Suddenly the screen came to life. Naked bodies many stories tall writhed silently against each other; it was showing porn. Master said "Come," and Kim went with him out and around to the front. Ben sat in the driver's seat, he patted the leather next to him and smiled. "You look very pretty tonight, slave," her Master said and her heart swelled with joy. Master's compliments were rare but always sincere. He clicked on the sound system and hit a pre-set button; soft but urgent sounds of intercourse flowed from the speakers. "Lean your head on my shoulder, let's watch for a while" he said. Kim did just that, snuggling close to her man and turning to the movie.
The movie, no surprise, featured collared slaves being spanked, fucked and so on. What did surprise Kim was seeing both Tina and Chloe on screen, this had to be a private film. Her Master was pulling her close, she turned to him and they were kissing. His lips so hungry on hers, she felt his hands exploring her, cupping a breast over her clothes. She threw her head back and moan in delight, Master was kissing her neck, her jaw, sucking her sensitive earlobes. He tweaked a nipple and Kim started gushing juice, her pussy soaking wet. Master had her in a t-shirt and a denim skirt and his hand was creeping between her legs, stroking her moist thighs, making her back arch with sensual bliss.
His mouth left her neck, he gazed into her eyes. "You know what all this is, don't you? I was too shy back in high school. I wanted to take you out, make out with you, maybe even fuck you." His evil grin reappeared. "Well no maybe anymore, right, slave? Now why don't you suck my cock?"
That was all Kim needed to hear. Master wanted her, had always wanted her, she was delirious with happiness as she released his eight inches from it's denim confinement. Kim knew what Master liked by now and she messily coated the whole shaft with her saliva then started long, slow strokes from base to tip. He threw his head back and groaned his approval. Her lips now fastened around the head and she found that one little spot that always drove him up the wall. She flicked it with her tongue and his whole body spasmed with delight.
"Enough!" he finally growled. "Get naked." He smiled at her again, this was his I'm-up-to-something-but-you'll-like-it smile. She awkwardly stripped in the confines of the passenger seat. Her nipples were tight and hard, her cunny drooling. "Now, out of the car." Her Master exited on his side leaving Kim with no choice but to follow.
The night air was warm against her skin. The actors on the screen were soundless now, still holding their bacchanal. Kim saw that many, indeed most of the cars were convertibles with their tops down, each with a well dressed Master and a naked slave. Her Master stood by the hood of the car, holding a collar and leash. He did not say a word. Kim, eyes demurely downcast, went to him and knelt for her collaring. Her nerves were singing with excitement, everyone was turning to look at them! Master gave a tug on her lead that meant 'rise', she rose and looked at him, she couldn't help it, he was so handsome to her. He said nothing, held her eyes and stripped himself quickly. He was still hard from her sucking. He looked at his slave and his cock throbbed. "Turn and spread 'em, hands on the hood." She had never seen Master look so frantic. He really wanted this! Kim followed His commands, sticking her ass out and giving it a sexy wiggle.
Behind Kim, the screen changed. It now showed a lovely young woman spread eagle-ed against the hood of a limo, a handsome man with a large cock coming up behind her and ramming it in, fucking her furiously. Ben had wanted this for so long, had pictured it a thousand times and now he had made it real. She was His now. He gripped the hips of his slave girl and kept reaming her tiny twat. Her boobs swung wildly, she was panting like a bitch in heat and squeezing his rod with a grip of iron. It was everything Ben could do to keep from cumming. Looking down on her hip and ass, watching himself sink into her over and over, hearing her little cries and the wet, slurping sounds their crotches made as they slammed together. He looked up and his eyes found those of Chloe and Tina, waiting in a nearby car. He jerked his chin once and they tumbled out like eager puppies that couldn't wait to join the fun.
Kim was ecstatic. Her Master was so proud of her he wanted to show her off in public! His eight inches felt so good, splitting her open, hitting every part of her swollen cunt. She was gushing hot cream helplessly over his manhood with every thrust.Suddenly he pulled all the way out! Kim's hungry box immediately ached for the return of his rod but instead she felt hands on her, flipping her against the hood. Her eyes flew open to see Tina on her right, mouth sucking hard on a nipple, and Chloe on her left. One hand was guiding Master's wonderful cock back inside her, thank god! Now Chloe's mouth was sucking her other tit bud and one hand was stroking her spasming pussy.
"Open your eyes, slave Kim, and look around. See everyone watching you?" Her Master's sweet voice commanded her and she obeyed. Half the couples in the cars were watching them fuck while fucking themselves, the other half was watching them on the movie screen. Kim saw herself, twenty feet tall, being fucked by a handsome stud while two gorgeous sluts pleasured the rest of her body. She wanted to cum so badly, her body was on fire, every inch of her screamed for release. The pleasure rolled on and on and Kim was about to break her training if her Master didn't give her the command soon! She was a human mass of carnal sensation, brain marinating in bliss, body tingling and twitching. Finally her Master showed mercy on her and gave her the command she'd been waiting so long for.
"You may cum for me now, slave Kim."
"OH THANK YOU MASTER!" she screamed and began cumming over and over again, obeying her wonderful Master. Her cunny clasped his thick unit in rippling waves, her back arching, nipples throbbing on the tongues of her fellow slaves. This was heaven, this was what she wanted above all else, to please and be pleased by her Master, to receive his thick loads any time, any place her Master wanted. The hungry stares only fueled her desire, she found herself writhing for them as well as her Master, feeding off of their hunger, wanting to be the object of their lust. Climax after climax washed through her willing body and mind.
Chloe ad Tina helped hold her up once again as her Master pounded her cunt for a seeming eternity before he finally came, hot sperm pulsing into her over and over.
Another chain of climaxes began for Kim, it seemed like she'd never stop until finally she was begging it to stop, she was fucked out. Her body went limp as Master pulled his flaccid member from her pleasantly aching pussy. Hot ooze trailed down her leg, a mix of their juices. Chloe and Tina were now stroking her gently as she came down from her orgasmic high. Master was looking at her with love, and her heart filled again.
Ben turned to the assembled cars and raised his voice. "Ladies and Gentlemen, my new slave, Miss Kim!" His face beamed with pride.
THE END