Relocation begins to reveal Mindy's previously hidden fantasy
Somewhat to Mindy's dismay, I accepted a position in central Oklahoma with a private investor I'd met while working with a client in my hometown of Dallas. The position included a salary and perks I could not refuse. Mindy was comfortable with our environment, we have several friends and truthfully, she dislikes changes of this nature. That being said, we figured at our age, this was the perfect time for a change. She's 28 and I'm 30. We've been married four years.
Early on I learned that Mindy was a closet exhibitionist. However, since I love that kind of thing, it didn't take us long to expand greatly on her little unassuming, accidental flashes. In most cases, we didn't involve anyone we knew, but that began to change a little. At 5' 2" and 105 lbs, most people think her best feature is her legs. I don't entirely agree, but I know things they don't. She took years of ballet as a kid and now teaches two aerobics classes a day, so her legs are great. However, her 34 D cups appear as if they were added on because of her small frame, but they definitely are not. The most amazing feature is her tits and what makes them amazing, other than the size and the fact they stand up like eighteen year old girls, is that her nipples extend to half an inch when cold or aroused. They are extremely sensitive and although she claims she has climaxed simply by having them manipulated, I haven't made that happen yet.
My name is Brad and the decision to move was almost entirely mine. I convinced Mindy that if we couldn't stand our new location within two years I'd have enough money to live anywhere she chose. That is what convinced her to agree to the move.
Because of a depressed housing market at the time we moved, we found the perfect home for us. It sits at the end of a cul-de-sac on the north side of the street. The developer failed and the subdivision wasn't completely finished. We have one neighbor to the west and one across the street. Across the street the neighbors are in their seventies and rarely are seen outside. The neighbor to our west is a different story. His name is Michael, not Mike or Mr. Weathers, but Michael. He's retired military and flies for a commercial airline company eight to ten days a month. Michael is the reason for the major change in Mindy. He's in his early fifties, and as Mindy describes him, he's ripped.
Mindy almost always wears short skirts and sheer blouses. She loves showing her body off as much as I enjoy her doing it Michael stood outside working on his lawn shirtless the day we pulled up to look at the house. We were in Mindy's car, a Porsche convertible and she sat in the passenger seat when Michael came up to the side of the car to introduce himself that first day. With her skirt sitting only a few inches below her nicely trimmed, uncovered pussy, Mindy gave him quite a show. She also checked out his six-pack abs. I know this because she mentioned it more than once that evening. It caught me a little by surprise, primarily because he's twenty-five years older than her. I'm 6' 5" tall and in pretty good shape, but I've never had six-pack abs for two reasons; I like to drink beer and I don't like to watch what I eat.
Mindy has flashed everyone from the valet guy to the pizza delivery boy to the shoe salesman and really enjoys it. Her regular shoe salesman back home is really going to miss her. She never wears underwear. It's something I asked her to do the first six months we were married, but it didn't take much convincing.
Michael seemed to be outside working in his yard every time Mindy came home from work. Since Michael doesn't work much he spends his days working out in his home gym and working on his yard. He would stop her before she pulled into the garage almost on a daily basis. It was something Mindy looked forward to. We moved into the house in the late spring, so every day coming in from work she had the convertible top down, her blouse open as much as possible and her skirt displaying as much leg as possible. Of course even that increased over a period of a few weeks. One day when she came home I decided to step up to the car as Michael spoke to her. She sat with one leg bent up and the other extended. From my side of the car I could see her perfectly trimmed pussy. From his side of the car he had a full on, unobstructed view. She got a big kick out of it and it always made us hot when we discussed it later. If possible, her little ten minutes of play time increased our sex life.
Just for fun I suggested planting a small camera on the branch of a tree that overhung our driveway strategically placed to take in the view of her and her new admirer. She thought it was a great idea and it provided us with a great deal of entertainment when we played it back on the big screen. Although she had a real good idea exactly what his view was, watching it on the big screen later showed her exactly why he stopped her when she got home.
One hot day in the early summer she slowly pulled into the driveway and waved at Michael just to make sure he saw her. Wearing one of her shortest skirts she pulled in with a huge coke cup between her legs. She left it there while they talked. Her skirt was pulled all the way up exposing most of her hips on each side and the drink cup was the only thing blocking his view up her skirt. After a couple of minutes of conversation he said, "Damn that looks good."
Mindy, intentionally misinterpreting his comment and said, "Oh it is. Would you like a drink?"
He smiled and said, "Yes, I believe I would."
Then he reached down and picked the cup up from between her legs and took a sip. She never moved her legs closer together and he never took his eyes off of her pussy. Mindy has dark hair and blue eyes. She shaves every day and leaves a little dark landing strip at the top. After a couple of slow sips, he slowly replaced the cup exactly where he found it. We watched the video later that evening and the sight was amazing. Even her little landing strip came into perfect view.
Mindy likes to work on her tan in the back yard and our house provided the perfect place. A stockade fence separated our house from Michael's. His view would have been completely blocked if not for all the gaps in the fence. Of course, that would have ruined our play time.
I'm not much for working on a tan so I sit in the shade most of the time and we talk. Throughout our marriage we have verbally played a few scenarios which included people watching her or even touching her. She would close her eyes or I'd blindfold her and I would begin describing the particular situation. The stories and the scenes would arouse her greatly, partially because she didn't know for sure if someone was watching or I was just bullshitting her. On more than one occasion someone was actually watching. We also played with her toys as I described another man coming into the room and slipping his dick into her. These scenarios always excited her, but she would say later that she wouldn't actually let another man do anything to her. She has stuck with that since we've been married. I always thought it was because we were trying to have a kid.
A few months before we moved, Mindy was told she would not be able to get pregnant. The news devastated her at first and then her attitude during our play changed. She hasn't said lately that she definitely wouldn't have sex with anyone else and I was too scared to push it.
In the back yard Mindy would wear the skimpiest bikinis. I bought her one for a trip to Mexico that she never had the nerve to wear. It was called the wicked weasel and if folded properly would fit inside an Altoid box. One Saturday afternoon she decided to wear it in the back yard. She commented that it was so small that she needed to shave her little landing strip. I saw Michael between the fence slats watching her in her wicked weasel bikini. I didn't want to ruin our fun so I asked her to close her eyes as I described the situation. I told her where he sat which was only about fifteen feet away from her feet. Her feet always faced his fence.
As I began rubbing coconut oil all over her I described Michael moving around for a better view. She responded almost immediately. As I began putting the oil between her legs I asked her to spread her legs wide to give Michael a better view. She immediately complied. I moved her bikini bottom to the side and slid my fingers into her as I asked her to remove her top. She acted as if my requests were a command. Mindy began to moan in response to my manipulation and to my descriptions of Michael's reaction. She had her dark sunglasses on and I finally told her to casually glance at a particular spot on the fence and she could see that what I was telling her was actually true. She sat up a little to get a drink and looked at the gap between the fence. At first she almost froze. I told her to lay back, open her legs wider and I would finish what I started. She climaxed within a minute.
We continued to play the back yard games.
Sometimes Michael was there and sometimes he wasn't. The games went on for over a month and Mindy certainly enjoyed them. Then one Saturday things changed. I was off work one Friday and Michael and I began drinking beer and talking. He wanted to know what our situation was so I told him.
"Mindy is an exhibitionist and we like to play games. Usually we don't play games with anyone we know, but in your case that changed. Our basic rules are as long as we are doing it together and we both enjoy it, who gets hurt?"
Michael and I drank beer all afternoon and in our drunken stupor decided on a plan to include him that seemed feasible. It seemed feasible because we drank two cases of beer that day.
That Saturday we decided to put our plan to work. Admittedly our plan didn't appear nearly as feasible as it did the day before, but we decided to go on with it. I asked Mindy if she wanted to play one of our games and she was all for it. We'd had a few drinks before stepping outside so she was willing to appease me. I asked her to get her blindfold instead of the dark sunglasses and skip the bikini. She smiled, went to the bedroom to get the blindfold, came back and handed it to me. I placed the blindfold on her making sure she couldn't see anything and led her to the lounge chair. My hands were trembling and I was definitely having second thoughts about my plan, but the little head took over and I decided, why not.
I rubbed a little oil on Mindy's back and began my story. "Michael is back."
She giggled and said, "Good."
Mindy absolutely did not believe Michael was behind the fence. I began describing the situation and then the little head said, "What the fuck," so I continued. "I think Michael would like to come over here so he can get a close up view of your perfect body. I'm going to motion him over. But first, to keep it real here are the rules. Michael will not be able to say anything, but you must tell him what you want him to do."
"Okay," Mindy said with a girlish giggle.
I'm 100% sure she believed my story to be total fabrication.
After taking a deep breath and a large gulp from my drink I motioned him over just like we had planned. He was quiet and stood right beside Mindy near her head.
"Michael is here Mindy, tell him hi."
"Hi Michael," Mindy said in her exaggerated southern drawl.
"He said hi," I told her. "Michael would like for you to turn over so he can rub a little coconut oil on your beautiful tits. Would you like for him to do that?"
"Yes I would."
"Then you need to ask him," I told her.
"Michael, would you please rub oil all over my big tits and hard nipples?"
"He smiled and nodded yes," I whispered.
Michael kneeled next to the lounger and the moment of truth and reality hit me like a ton of bricks. However, I was too far into it to stop now. I put oil in his hands and he began rubbing it onto her left tit with both hands. Slowly and gently he covered her entire tit and began tweaking her long nipple between his fingers. Mindy began to squirm. I filled his hands up again and he stretched over her to repeat the process on the other tit. Her elongated nipples are too much to resist and Michael took one in his mouth and sucked furiously. It sent Mindy over the edge. Mindy's hips began to move and she squirmed beneath his touch. I motioned for him to back up a little and while squirting oil on her stomach I asked her if she would like for Michael to finish rubbing oil on her.
Almost breathlessly she said, "Yes."
"Then you need to tell Michael what you want."
Mindy was having difficulty catching her breath when she said, "Michael, I want you to slowly rub oil onto my stomach and on both of my legs."
Michael smiled at me, but my hands were really beginning to tremble and I spilled more oil that I got on her. Fear of getting busted was now a real thought.
Michael slowly rubbed oil all over her stomach running his hand to within an inch of her clit and then back up. He then moved to the foot of the lounge chair, lifted one leg off the lounger and completely covered her left leg with oil. Mindy began to moan, but I still believed and it was confirmed later that she still thought it was me rubbing the oil in. He bent her left leg and laid it on the lounge chair opening her up almost completely. Then he moved to her other leg, lifted it and repeated the process. Now with one leg bent and lying on the lounge chair and her other leg bent and in his hands, she was wide open. I took in the view from directly behind him. She was soaking wet and her lips were parted like rose petals. It was the most excited I'd seen her in quite a while.
"Please rub some oil on my pussy Michael," she blurted out.
Pussy is a word Mindy doesn't use. The last time I heard her say it was when she told a guy she works with that couldn't keep up with her exercise class a pussy.
Michael looked at me with a questioning look and I just smiled and nodded.
He ran his thumb across her clit and she scooted into him instantly. Michael spread her legs as far apart as they would go and began manipulating her lips with his thumbs. He put two fingers in her with one hand and rubbed her clit with the other and she bucked up off of the lounge chair trying to get his fingers farther into her. Michael fingered her, rubbed her clit and manipulated the outside of her lips with a hand on each side of her pussy for about five minutes.
Mindy isn't much of a 'back door' kind of girls and other than licking her or an occasional finger in her we don't do much playing in that area. How would Michael know that? He reached for the oil, poured some on his hand and slipped his little finger in her ass followed by three fingers in her pussy all the while rubbing her clit with the thumb of his other hand.
"Lick me Michael," Mindy blurted out. "I want your tongue in my hot pussy."
I almost fell over. My dick was so hard I didn't think it would ever go down.
Michael licked her from top to bottom and then began sucking on her clit. Mindy bucked up in an attempt to get more of his tongue into her. He buried his tongue deep into her as she rocked back and forth and then she reached up to grab his head and froze. I went from hero to zero as my dick went instantly limp. Michael wears very short hair and mine is long. I knew we were busted and a dozen scenarios went through my mind...none of them good. She stopped moving for about fifteen seconds that seemed like two hours to me. I had no idea what to do. Finally I said, "Michael wants to know if there is something wrong. He wants to know if you want him to stop."
In a low sultry voice she said, "Michael, everything you are doing is perfect. I just needed a quick breather. Please continue doing exactly what you have been doing."
There was no question, we were busted. Her voice went from excited to sultry, she wasn't bucking like she did earlier and I knew I would have hell to pay when this was over.
Then suddenly Mindy began moving again. She grabbed the top of his head with one hand, his face with the other and began giving him instructions. "That's it, right there. Bury your tongue deep into my pussy. Oh, suck on my clit."
When he moved his tongue over her clit and then enclosed his mouth around it she had an earth shattering climax. Almost immediately she pushed his head back because she was too sensitive.
What the hell I thought, I'm already busted I may as well continue pushing the envelope.
"Mindy I think Michael wants you to give him a blowjob. What do you think?" I asked.
Mindy sat up in her chair and said, "Michael after what you just did for me, I'd love to give you the best blowjob you've ever had."
Sitting up with her legs on each side of the lounge chair she placed her hands on her thighs, opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. Michael dropped his shorts in record time and placed the head of his dick on her tongue. Mindy immediately began working wonders on him. If she didn't know before that it wasn't me, she did now. I'm a little above average in length and fairly big around. Michael wasn't quite as long, but he was much bigger around. In addition, his balls were huge and hung down a long ways. Mindy took her hands off of her thighs, cupped his balls with one hand and held his dick with the other.
My hard on returned. I may pay later, but I was definitely enjoying the show. Mindy licked and sucked on his dick and then took him all the way down to the base. It's something she has never quite been able to do with me. She pulled him all the way out and then swallowed him down to the base fifteen or twenty times in a row. He stopped letting her do all the work and began pushing back. Michael held her chin and cheek with one hand and rocked back and forth until he buried his dick to the base several times and Mindy knew he was about to cum. I motioned for him to continue, letting him know she loved to make a guy cum in her mouth. When Mindy knew he was over the edge she took his dick in both hands and opened her mouth wide to let him know she wanted him to cum in her mouth. Mindy knows I like to watch myself cum like that and she always opens wide so I can watch it. I knew she was doing this for me.
Michael's first squirt went straight into her mouth. The second and third hit her upper lip and cheek. Mindy sucked him back down her throat and then worked the head of his dick again making sure she got all of his cum. She then used the head of his dick to wipe the cum off of her upper lip and cheek and then sucked it off again. Before she let him pull out she took him all the way down her throat and worked the base of his dick with her tongue. It's something she is very good at. When she slowly pulled back to the end there was nothing left on him but her saliva.
Michael pulled his pants up and I motioned for him to go. "I told Mindy, "Michael has to go now, tell him goodbye."
"Bye Michael, we should do this again sometime. We'll see you later. Maybe you should come over this evening around seven and we'll cook some steaks out."
Michael left immediately and Mindy took a couple of slow sips of her drink before removing her blindfold. She turned to me and smiled, but didn't say anything.
I broke the silence. "Did you know when you touched his head or did you know before then?"
She smiled and my heart quit skipping beats.
"No, I didn't know until I touched his head. That's the reason I froze."
"Why didn't you stop us?"
"Because I knew it was something you wanted and I was having fun. It's probably not something I would have done if he had just come over while I was lying out nude and asked to rub oil on me. Besides, if you haven't figured it out by now, I will do anything sexual you ask me to do. Keep in mind I said sexual, I'm not subservient just submissive in that area."
My mind began to reel. "Anything?"
Mindy looked at me and said, "Anything within reason." She paused, smiled at me and then said, "No, I do mean anything. You wouldn't ask me to something completely crazy or anything that would endanger me...so yes, anything. What are you going to do with your new found power big boy?"
"Well to begin with, I want you to give me a blowjob right here in the back yard just like you did Michael."
She smiled as she moved toward me. It won't be exactly like Michael's because I can't take you all the way down, but it will be close."
"I already have ideas of what to do with my new found power. You already know I have a very vivid imagination when it comes to sex. Michael still thinks we had you fooled. Although he heard your invitation to dinner, he didn't believe it was actually directed to him. I think I'll invite him over for dinner. In the mean time, I'll be thinking of something."
Mindy smiled a very nervous smile and then said, "OK. When are you going to tell him I know it was actually him?"
"I'll explain it to him when I go ask him to dinner."
Michael was surprised we didn't actually get away with our scheme when I told him the whole story. He accepted our invitation to dinner.
A little before 7:00 Mindy came into the living room wearing a very short, yellow dress with spaghetti straps holding it all on. It took her two hours to take a bath, put on make-up and slip on the tiny dress, but it was worth it.
Michael came over and we stood outside drinking while I cooked steaks. Mindy sat on the table next to us showing us that without a doubt all she had on was the tiny, thin dress that I knew I could drop to the ground in two seconds just by releasing the two spaghetti straps. We laughed about our great plan and told Mindy after a case of beer each it sounded feasible.
"I'll let you in on another little secret after dinner Michael," I laughingly told him.
"I can't wait," he said laughing.
Nothing had been discussed with Mindy. I really wanted my request to her to be a surprise and to find out if she really meant anything.
After dinner we sat in the living room and had a few drinks. Michael sat in the overstuffed chair and Mindy and I sat across from him on the sofa.
"Mindy and I have a unique relationship," I began.
"No shit," Michael responded. "Tell me more."
"Mindy will do anything sexually that I ask her to do."
"Anything? Bullshit."
"I'm prepared to show you if you're game."
"Hell yes, I'm game."
Mindy sat next to me with a look I'm not sure I can describe. It was a cross between shock and disbelief. I don't think she thought my new found power would begin tonight.
I leaned Mindy over to me and whispered to her exactly what I wanted her to do. The look of shock filled her face, so I asked her, "You did say anything sexual. Have you changed your mind? It's ok if you have, just let me know."
"No, I meant anything. I just wasn't expecting it this soon."
"Well," I said.
Mindy smiled, but she was nervous. She got off the sofa and crawled across the floor on her hand and knees giving Michael a beautiful view down her low cut dress and me a great view of her ass. When she got to his chair she took the drink out of his hand and placed it on the table. She instantly turned back around, unsnapped his shorts, unzipped them and pulled his dick out. She began a repeat performance from earlier in the afternoon. Michael just looked at me dumbfounded and then smiled.
She gave him a blowjob for about five minutes and then stood up, reached for his hands, and indicated she wanted him to stand up. She then took his pants completely off, then his shirt and asked him to lie on his back on the rug. Mindy stood over him with one foot on each side of his stomach, dropped her dress, stepped out of it and sat on his stomach. She slid up his chest and then began to straddle his face. Wet spots showed on his stomach where she sat. Michael grabbed her ass and sat her straight down on his mouth. Mindy faced me and smiled as she rode his tongue for at least five minutes. She then rose up, slid back down his body and impaled herself on his dick. She rode him hard for a good fifteen minutes while he rotated sucking her nipples. At the verge and in almost desperation he asked her where she wanted it.
"Fill my hot pussy with your cum Michael."
He did almost instantly after her request.
Mindy left him lying on the floor and came over to me. She motioned for me to lie on my back on the sofa, ripped my pants off and climbed on me exactly as she did Michael. The feeling of her soaking wet pussy filled with another man's cum wasn't something I'd ever felt before, but it felt great and the whole situation was extremely exciting. Unfortunately for me, I came in about five minutes. She rode me until there was nothing left.
Michael came over to the sofa, picked Mindy up and laid her on her back on the area rug and then he did something I've never been able to do. He began licking her pussy again. Mindy was going nuts and squirmed under his mouth almost as if she was trying to get away. In about five minutes she came again and almost immediately began pushing his head away. He laid beside her for a couple of minutes giving her a chance to recover and then rolled over on top of her. I watched from five feet away as he ran his fat dick up and down her slit and slowly buried it all the way in. Sitting on the sofa I watched as his dick pumped in and out of her and she wrapped her legs around his back trying to get even more in. In a few minutes they exploded together.
We all sat on the rug, finished our drink and talked a few minutes before he went home. "I don't mean to be offensive," I said to Michael, "But I didn't think a guy your age could get it up so many times in one day."
He laughed and said, "Neither did I. I haven't had sex since my wife died seven years ago."
"No shit? Seven years without sex?" Mindy and I almost said together.
"It's true."