Today is the day I will get naked in my work cubicle.
My name is Savannah. I am 27 years old, five feet nine inches tall, have long brown hair, green eyes, and a 32C cup. I am in great shape as I regularly exercise. I am very toned and love the olive color of my perfect skin. Overall, I am a pretty normal girl. I like tv/movies, sports, going out with friends, and outdoor activities, but I have a dirty little secret. I love to be naked in places where I might get caught.
What helps me in doing this is that I don't wear bras or panties; I don't own a single one of either. I have been doing this since I was 18 and a guy I dated asked me to not wear them when with him. One day he had me burn them all and I never bought one more pair, but that is a story about my submissive side for another time. I loved the feeling so I still do it to this day. Because of this it's easy for me to just cover up when on my adventures by throwing my dress or coat (if that's all I'm wearing, which is often) back on. I am always 100% nude at home as well, another thing my ex asked of me that I liked. The second I walk in my door I strip completely. If I need to go out just to run errands all I'll wear is a short trench coat and sandals or heels, sometimes I'll even skip the shoes and wear nothing but a coat. I don't even wear jewelry. I would say most of the time I am only wearing two articles of clothing, a dress and shoes. Sometimes I'm wearing three, sometimes just one, and sometimes I walk around my neighborhood late at night without a stitch. I love being naked, especially outside.
I also always have a butt plug in. I love the feeling of them in my ass throughout the day. I typically have a Njoy medium plug in, but sometimes I'll do a bejeweled plug when I know I'm going to be showing it off.
Today is a beautifully warm Friday morning. After waking up, taking my small Njoy plug out of my ass, and tasting it (a daily ritual as I love the taste of my ass), I get in the shower and make sure to shave myself good. I want to feel as naked as possible today. After my shower I find the perfect outfit for today, a very light (almost see-through) blue and white sun dress that is very short on me (it only goes to about 3 inches below my ass) and black patent leather heels. Before putting it on I get out my big Njoy 2.0 plug as I want to feel very full today. I lube up my ass and stick it in with just a little bit of resistance. After that I step into the heels. There's just something so sexy about a girl wearing nothing but heels. I look in my full length mirror and admire my body; I have worked very hard for it. I throw my dress on and take one last look. Today is the day.
I live just under a mile away from my office, so I walk to work when the weather permits. Today is a beautiful Friday July morning and I can't wait for today's walk. I love walking in the morning rush knowing that I am not wearing a bra or panties and have a big plug in my ass. Being among the commuters with this dirty little secret gets me very turned on - sometimes so much so that by the time I get in the elevator at my office building all it takes is a little rub of myself to get off.
A few weeks ago as I got in the elevator and pressed my floor I immediately stuck my hand under my skirt and began to rub myself. As I was beginning to cum and the door was closing someone stuck their hand in to open the elevator. As the door opened it hit me. He looked me in the eyes and said "good morning." It took all I had to not scream in pleasure. As our eyes were locked I was trying not to shake, but could not really help it. If he didn't know what was going on he was an idiot. I trembled for a few seconds, let out the tiniest moan, and then gave my own good morning greeting. He stood there for a few seconds looking at me then realized he should have chosen his floor. After doing so the door closed and we rode up in silence. As I got off on the 20th floor I quickly glanced at him, but didn't say a word. The door closed behind me. That was one of the best orgasms I have ever had.
Back to today. I am walking to work and loving the feeling of this big plug in my ass. I pretend to have something on my foot and go over to a bench. I put my right foot up on it and pretend to be removing something. I also make sure to bend over a bit and hope that someone got a quick glance of my lack of panties and the plug in my ass. The thought of this gets me so close to cumming right on the spot, but I get set and continue my walk without my orgasm. I want to burst later. As I walk into my office building and press the elevator button I hope to see the guy from last time, but he is not there. I haven't seen him since. Oh well.
I get off on my floor, walk into my office and go to my cube. I am in a great spot. I am in a part of the office where there are not many people due to this area just being built. There are empty cubes around me and I know they will be filled eventually, which makes me sad, but also excited at future possibilities. My section only has two cubes. Brooke sits in the cube in front of me. She is very pretty in an All-American/Girl Next Door kind of way. She has soft features, long straight blonde hair to her shoulders, blue eyes, is a little shorter than me, very skinny, and wears artsy/hipster black glasses. She has smaller breasts than me, but they look perfect on her thin frame. With her in front of me and the wall behind me, I am kind of secluded.
In front of Brooke's cube is a walkway then another row of cubes that has only one person down the way, a married guy named Mike. He is such a pervy guy that always comes over to talk to me and Brooke, but I enjoy the attention. I like when he is pretending to be on his phone near us and know he is taking pictures of me. Sometimes I'll wear loose dresses or shirts and lean down to let him get good shots of my tits. I'll also cross my legs by putting my foot on my knee, which lets my dresses or skirts ride up high and will swivel toward him. I know he has seen up my skirt a few times and has snapped a few pictures.
Mike is out on vacation this week, leaving just me and Brooke on our side of the office and this is why it is the perfect opportunity to get naked and masturbate while in my cube. Brooke knows all of my dirty little secrets and encourages me to do whatever makes me feel good. She started a couple of weeks after me. After our first Friday at work together I asked if she would like to grab a drink after work to get to know each other better. We talked about the basic stuff. She is single as well, enjoys reading, outdoor activities, and travelling.
During our chat I accidentally blurted out "how often are you having sex?" I didn't mean to and she looked a little shocked.
After a few seconds she laughed. She said "it's been a while, but I'm trying to get back into the dating scene.
I doubt she's trying too hard as she is a fox, she would have no shortage of guys throwing their hats in the ring. This opened the door.
After a few more drinks and talking about other things she asked me why I didn't have a boyfriend. I told her she wouldn't understand.
She said "try me," so I asked her if she knew what a submissive was. She asked "like dom/sub?"
I say yes and she just looks at me. I tell her I am a very submissive girl and love to be controlled, but it's hard to find the right guy. There are so many guys that think this is ideal, but I want a true dom/sub relationship. My last one with Charlie ended when I found out he was cheating on me. I was so heartbroken that I had literally given myself to someone to control and that was not enough. His loss. I explained to her that he had full control over me. He decided what I would wear and what I wouldn't, what we would do in the bedroom or out of it, anything. I was his to use. I told her about how I still do some of the things he liked like never wearing bras or panties and always being naked at home.
She seemed a little shocked and asked me if I wasn't wearing them just then. I smiled, told her to look, and lifted my skirt and spread my legs while sitting to give her a view of my perfectly shaved pussy. I asked if I could tell her another secret and she just nodded. There was no one really near us in the bar so I stood up, turned around, lifted up the back of my dress, and bent over a little.
I looked back at her while turned around and she looked at me and asked "is that a butt plug?"
I turned around and sat down. I told her yes and that I love the feeling of them.
She then puts it together and asked "you've had that in all day?"
I say yes, I always have one in. From that point on I would tell her about all of my adventures. She always enjoyed them and told me it was great that I did what I wanted.
Anyways, I'm sitting at my desk checking e-mails when Brooke walks in.
"Hi," she says.
I give her a devilish smile and say "hi" back. She asks why the smile and I tell her today is the day we talked about - THE day.
She looks at me and says "are you sure?"
I tell her 100% yes. We talk about logistics, timing, etc and I say from 12-1 no one will be around as everyone goes out to lunch so that's the time.
She says "I'll get the camera ready!" in a joking way and I think wow, I want that.
"Sounds perfect," I say.
"Oh my god, I was kidding," says Kelly. I tell her I am not, I want pictures and videos of this - I want to remember it forever. She laughs and says "ok, whatever you want girl."
After chatting about it for a few we start to work - calls, emails, etc. I was very distracted, but managed to get to lunch time without exploding. I tell Brooke we should wait until 12:05 to give people a few minutes to leave.
As 12:05 hits I walk around to the other side of the office and see two people who always eat at their desks and never leave, but they are way across the office. As I round the corner back to our cube area where no one is except Brooke at the back I pull off the straps of my dress and let it fall to the floor. I step out of it and pick it up. I then step out of my heels. I pick up my dress and heels and put them in the drawer of the first cube near the corner. I am 100% completely and totally naked, no jewelry, nothing except the big plug in my ass. I start walking back and notice Brooke looking at me with her mouth open.
When I get to her she asks "what are you doing?!?"
I tell her I wanted to take full advantage of this and walk naked in the office, masturbate at my desk, and have no quick access to my clothes. I needed this extra risk. Up until now she has never seen me fully naked, just what I showed her at the bar a few weeks ago. She looks me up and down and I can tell she is a little excited.
I sit down in my chair. It feels very weird to be sitting in it naked, but a very good weird. I give Brooke my phone and tell her to take a few pictures. I put both of my feet up on my chair and spread my legs to give Brooke a complete view of my shaved pussy. I start by just smiling, then putting my arms up in the air, then standing up, turning around and bending over. I want pictures of all different kinds of poses. I then tell her to switch to video and record the rest.
She says "Action," like a director and we both giggle.
I start rubbing myself very slowly, then faster while looking directly at Brooke and then the camera. "I love being a naughty slut in public and being naked at work with a plug in my ass," I say to the phone.
I get up and walk down to the corner with the cube holding my clothes and walk back naked. I just wanted to walk naked again. I sit back down and put my feet on the edge of my desk, spread eagle facing the camera and continue rubbing myself. As the sensation starts to build I pull out my plug and stick it in my mouth so I can taste my ass while masturbating. I notice Brooke's left hand is hidden behind my cube wall and moving back and forth. She is rubbing herself too, and this makes me even hotter. I stand up to look and she has her skirt bunch around her waist.
"I am so glad I didn't wear panties today either," she says as we look each other in the eyes rubbing ourselves.
I sit back down with my feet on my desk, knees bent and continue, while looking directly at the camera, plug in mouth, and I feel it coming. I go faster and faster until I can't take it anymore. My orgasm washes over my entire body. I am a trembling, moaning, sweaty mess getting off with a plug in my mouth, sitting in my cube as naked as the day I was born, with no access to my clothes, and Brooke masturbating right in front of me while filming me. Fuck, it was hot.
As I was coming down I heard Brooke close to orgasm so I stand up and grab my phone from her. I point it at her and start to record her masturbating. She gives no objection and uses her free hand to insert two fingers while furiously rubbing her clit. Once her orgasm hits she collapses onto her chair and is breathing very heavy.
When done, we just sit there for a few seconds and say "wow" together. We sit up and look at each other without saying anything for a few seconds then both start laughing. It is 12:30.
"You better not show that to anyone," she says.
"We'll see," I say mischievously.
We talk about how hot that was for a few minutes. Come 12:40 I say I better get dressed before everyone comes back. I stand up and reinsert my plug. I start to walk toward my dress and heels and hear people on the other side of the office.
"Oh no, they must be back already" I say.
Brooke looks at me worried and asks "what do we do?"
I go back to my chair and sit down naked. I see someone come out from the other side, but then stop by the printer. He stands there for a few seconds and looks down our way. I don't think he noticed anything as only my head is visible to him. He walks away.
Brooke offers to go get my dress and heels, but I say no, I need to do this. Nervous as all hell I get up and start walking down the aisle toward my clothes. I reach the desk and wait for a second. I don't hear anyone near so I grab my stuff and start walking fast toward my desk. I then hear someone again so I start to jog back. When I get back to my desk I set down my heels and step into them. I go to put on my dress and I don't see it! In the dash I must have dropped it. I stand up wearing nothing but heels and see my dress right in the walkway, visible to anyone that looks around the corner.
My work phone rings. It is a call I absolutely cannot miss so I answer it. It is a fire call I have to put out and I spend 10 nerve-racking minutes looking around while talking. I notice that Brooke has my cell phone and is snapping some pictures and video so I back up my chair from my desk so she gets the whole view. I then take out my plug and lick it while talking on the phone. I put the plug back in as the call winds down and hang up.
As I hang up I feel the urge again and bring myself off in a minute. Brooke got it on video again. As I'm winding down I notice someone coming around the corner towards us. It is Dan, a guy that I say hi to once in a while. I know I am screwed and start getting very nervous. As he starts toward us he looks down quizzically at my dress in the walkway. He stands there for a few seconds and bends down to pick it up. He then starts walking toward us. I have no idea what I am going to say. As he nears us I know that he can now see that I am naked.
He looks at me for a few seconds and says "You seemed like you were a naughty girl, but I did not imagine this." As he says this, my hand finds its way to my pussy and I bring myself off again while Dan and Brooke both watch me.
To be continued...