"That's the spot Hilda."
Oscar Barnett lay outstretched on a massage room table where a massively large very endowed Norwegian woman cracked his back with precision. After a few more alignments to his vertebras she began oiling the elderly Cowboy up with warm relaxing oil. Her efforts exceeding over his muscles now, Oscar withdrew into his thoughts, wondering how his new bride, primitively annulled for the time being was holding up under the care of Dr. Rachel Koch.
Her welfare did bother him, he certainly did not want Esperanza hurt, the whole thing was a well orchestrated plan to be certain of her complete loyalty, that he literally owned her soul. Saying he did on her part was just not enough. He needed proof. Oscar would get that proof or Esperanza's stay here on Archibald's island would be extended until she was broken like a wild filly.
Relaxed by Brunhilda's rough yet sensual grip Oscar nearly fell asleep, until her fingers began rubbing between his legs a bit too close to anal discretion. As a hardcore Alpha male he didn't take too lightly to any invasion of his personal space. "Outdoors only Hilda. No revolving door on this ole' boy's part if you know my meanin'." Saying nothing she bypasses his anus and fulfills her duty over the rest of his fleshy domain. She rarely spoke, trained to follow orders rather than carry any meaningful conversations.
Strangely he was tempted to hire her as a second bodyguard to back up Randolph. The woman was tough that part was easy to see, yet soft to the touch when ordered. The longer she massaged him the more he pondered on that idea. He could see her in a Secret Service style suit with a gun. Professionally speaking she might even take a bullet for her owner. Food for thought.
"Rollin' over Hilda! Don't be shy." He chuckled turning on the table to let her view exactly why he was from the longhorn state of Texas. Nothing new to her, she had seen, rubbed, sucked, and fucked some mighty big boys in her 27 years. Still, Oscar Barnett was likely the biggest thus far at nearly a foot long. At his age most big dicks would be a tad less willing to stay tall, not Oscar, he was made of steel in every way. Stubborn, sturdy, and more than worthy. Eying his erection arching to greet her notice Brunhilda smiles at Oscar as she applies oil to his chest. "Hilda darlin'? Why are you wearin' leather when you should be wearin' nothin' at all?"
She pauses to dry her hands on a towel then performs a well rehearsed routine of stripping off what little she did have on. A massive 38D set of silicone breasts toppled free and generously shared thick meaty nipples. Archibald's gift for her anniversary of service here on the island, they were perfectly balanced without a scar in sight to ruin her. Chiseled abs and curvaceous muscles from years of working out, likely with the aid of steroids she was magnificent. Slick as a whistle in her pubic area, an array of piercings leading up from her clit like a metallic runway. Posing for him in not just beauty but in bodybuilding finesse she applied oil to herself knowing what appealed to her client. Glossy and desirable she observed his expression of approval.
"Very nice Hilda. You should live like that. Who needs clothes I say." She merely smiled stepping closer with her oil bottle ready to continue her massage. Settling back he winked up at her. "Stupid question I'm sure, but are you happy here?" She oils his chest avoiding eye contact until he reaches up to pat her hand slowing it's roaming. "Gimme five minutes, that erection of mine isn't going South anytime soon. Look at me Hilda." She complies always following a direct order. "I know Arch treats you well here on the island, probably all you've ever known. I'm gonna ask you nicely to talk to me."
"As you wish." Hilda compliments his desire to talk. Not many people really spoke to her outside of what they demanded.
"That's a girl. How long you been here under Archibald's rule?"
"Since I was 18. I was brought here from Norway along with a number of other girls. He treats me very well."
"I'm sure he does. What other skills do you have aside the obvious?"
"I began as nothing but a young whore, molded into a slave. Through the years I have risen in stature. I am on a security detail once a week as well."
"Security, eh? Self defense as much as just being able to wrestle a rhino?"
"Yes." She grins, "That might be a challenge but I can handle myself. I bench press 450 pounds. Dead lift 520."
"Weapons training?"
"Some! Jericho has shown me how to throw a knife and use it to handicap an adversary. No firearms are allowed on the island except for the Mercenaries my Master employs, but I would love to learn how to shoot."
"Mercs? Like that Jericho fella?"
"Yes. My Master allows me to learn to protect him but only with a blade. I am forbidden to practice with a gun."
"Shame! What would you say if I bought you from Arch and put you to work with my bodyguard Randy?"
"I will only leave my Master if he casts me out."
"Money can make any man take out the trash darlin'. Not sayin' you're trash. Far from it. I'm fascinated by you Hilda. I think we can be great friends on the outside world. Any objections if I at least made an offer for ya?"
"I serve my Master until he does not wish me to be his."
"I like your attitude Hilda. Grant me a simple yes or no to my next question and I'll let it go dependin' on your answer."
"Yes Sir."
"If I get Arch to release ya' you willin' to be owned by me?"
"I would be honored to be owned."
"That a yes?"
"Yes."
"I'll talk to Arch before I leave the island. For now...get busy on my dick there. Oil it nice and I'm not talkin' bout that bottled spit. Show me how much of this here big fella you can swallow."
Five minutes later she had her chin touching his balls. Where in the world did this woman come from taking in a foot long? Definitely a keeper.
********
"UP!"
An irritable voice was followed by a shock prod zapping Esperanza Blanco-no longer Barnett, in the ass as she napped on her cot. One jolt was all it took to make her stand up and embrace a leash attached to her locked shock collar about her neck. The man handling her was a tough as nails guard with a definite chip on his shoulder. Esperanza forced to live nude at all times did not show signs of retaliation, only acceptance of her fate. Pride expressed without waver she let the guard lead her from her cell, and down the corridor leading to the massive indoor training facility.
Passing by the glass she did not even peer down into the bowels to witness others being tortured and sexually abused. She cared nothing for what others endured, only that her husband be impressed and believe in her sincerity. Knowing his will was her only current way of escape she intended to obey and succeed. It was the only way to go home to her daughter. Fearing for her safety meant being cold and expressionless, yet a fury was smoldering within her soul.
Leading Esperanza into a room all by her lonesome she noted only one simple décor, a leather like mounting device similar to a horses saddle with ropes attached to it. Reaching it her caretaker stopped her in front of it. "Lay across the mount." She complied, her leash removed and a chain attached in it's place to hold her to the device with very little room to draw back or turn her head. From there the guard attached short chains to her wrists until a speaker stopped him.
"Leave her arms free Leon." It was the voice of Dr. Rachel Koch. Hearing the door she came in open and close Esperanza waited until the good Doctor rounded her prison stock to face her. "Good morning Esperanza."
"Doctor Koch." Esperanza politely spoke acknowledging her.
"Day two. It is time we get down to business. I am allowing you to go unchained on the condition you do not combat your conditions. If you do, the bonds will be quite unpleasant."
"I will resist nothing, no one."
"The day is young. Eight hours on the clock Esperanza. Enjoy yourself. Resistance is never the answer."
"Tell my...ex-husband I will not fail him."
"Of course! I will be certain to document your thoughts and enlighten him at the end of the week."
"Let us begin." Esperanza shared a sincere gaze. Rachel Koch was not fooled by her attempt. Time would reveal her inner reality. Accompanied by her guard Leon, Rachel left the room for a small office behind one way glass onlooking Esperanza. From the angle of the office she could see everything. The pedestal stock was on a rotating turntable so that Koch could witness her slave for every emotion, every defiance. Microphones all around amplified the acoustics of the chamber.
"Proceed!" Rachel spoke into a phone on the wall. Before Esperanza's eyes a sliding wall opened up and large very buff, reasonably well endowed men began emerging. Almost funny each of them went to a time clock and punched in before proceeding to encircle Esperanza. Counting them like sheep the men just kept coming. at twenty they stopped and the wall closed. Expected to panic Esperanza merely smiled thinking to herself, "Is this all they have? Pathetic!"
"Wave one? You may engage." Koch spoke for the room to hear. In response the men circulated closer and stood in line single file to both sides of her. One after the other the men moved in and penetrated Esperanza from behind. She loved sex so this was just a normal day in her mind. As a high paid Escort when she lived in Colombia there were nights that she endured many men so at the moment this was a cake walk. The fact that the men were not as well endowed as Oscar or his sons almost made her want to laugh, but she maintained her pose for the good Doctor. Not wanting to mock Koch's techniques, let alone give Oscar should he be watching any reason to believe she was not taking him seriously Esperanza remained calm. After four men she lost a bit of self control to enjoy the sensations. In the heat of the session she tried a new tactic of crying out, "I WORSHIP YOU OSCAR BARNETT!" Over and over during each individual conquest. Within two hours she had ran through her ensemble of testosterone, their cum wildly spattering her backside rather than inside her. To the cameras above her she was milky white and stunning.
"Enough Wave One! You may go." Rachel informed those lingering in wait to be excused. Holding her head up with precision pride Esperanza told Koch, "I WILL NOT FAIL MY MAN! IF HE WILL STILL HAVE ME."
Laying there over her perch in foreboding silence she pondered upon her daughter back in Texas. What were the Barnett boys doing to her while she wasted away a prisoner here? Her heart was breaking but at the same time an inner fury lit her way. Even under such a state of mind she kept her expression from showing a brewing hatred. This mistake on her part would not go unpunished. She would bide her time and see just how concerned Oscar really was. In her soul she felt love for the man yet what he was violating was not only her free will but the innocence of her daughter. Maria never being around a man terrified Esperanza, adapting her to society was a harsh decision to make, yet big money that would offer she and her sweet Maria a better life was just too tempting. Oscar being older made her feel safe. Obviously she was wrong.
"Wave two you may engage."
Hearing Doctor Koch, Esperanza looked to the sliding wall and found another 20 men, these men however were far more endowed. To her trained eye not one was less than nine inches. After taking Oscar's foot long plus, even these should be entertaining at best. Deep breath held she was once again a lamb to their slaughter. Her cunt ripped wide by pop can sized girth time after time she howled into the echoing chamber. The fulfillment was amazing.
"Wave three you may join the others."
Before her watery eyes the wall reopened and twenty more massive men entered to compliment the twenty already in service. This time however a large box was carried in and rested in front of her leather stockade. Stepping up one by one on the box they rammed their cocks down her throat with a forceful display of attitude. That certainly quieted her down. All day long Esperanza endured her torture.
Toward the end of her forty lovers she felt the presence of something that froze her soul. A massive cock easily the size of Oscar's toyed with her anus. This was the first man to go near it which in her mind meant one thing. Is was being kept sacred for something special. Her heart rallied to the tender penetration, thankful considering its incredibly thick nature. She just knew it was Oscar. Afraid to try and look back she gnashed her teeth to compensate the challenge it took to get inside her ass. Becoming light headed she shook it off the best she could and moaned, "For you Oscar. For you."
Behind her was indeed Oscar Barnett, cock lubed up at the hand of Brunhilda before insertion, the bodybuilding bombshell nude behind him, awaiting further orders without a word. Oscar was devoted to his former bride whether she realized it or not. By his being here Esperanza knew he truly loved her or he would stay away.
Doing her best to not let him realize she suspected it to be him she rallied, "DO YOUR WORST, I AM OSCAR'S." Hearing her made Oscar nod, his gut telling him this was probably a mistake. The good Doctor had warned him how smart she was. Wanting drastically to destroy his left behind mate, Oscar pulled back, his buried beast dragging away slowly to inform her of her loss. Once his crown unplugged her gaping anus he stepped back and looked at Brunhilda. His brain already had a secondary plan in mind should she suspect. Easing away Oscar looked down at Brunhilda's thighs, a strap on dildo made to Oscar's dimensions stood fiercely ready for action. With a hand motion he ordered Brunhilda to proceed.
Stepping up to Esperanza and lubing the rubber monstrosity she primed it to replace Oscar's vacancy and nudged forward. Feeling the dramatic change in warmth and reality compared to thick unacceptable lifelessness Esperanza lowered her head and took the dildo as if shamed. Her husband had abandoned her yet again. Leaving Brunhilda to her job the Norwegian goddess brought out the worst in Esperanza. Cursing in Spanish at the unkind disruption the Colombian beauty accepted her fate as always. Sensing him leave her completely Esperanza called out, "Thank you Oscar."
At a hidden door oblivious to her sight Oscar Barnett stopped and absorbed her final thoughts. Rubbing the back of his neck he decided to enter and seal the door behind him. On the other side stood his friend Archie sipping a martini and offering one to Oscar. "You were warned my friend. Interfering in the process could set her back."
"She knew it was me behind her. Proves one thing...she understands me. I won't interfere again. You do your dirty deeds Archibald."
"Of course that is what you are paying me handsomely for."
"Speaking of...I have an offer I'm hopin' you won't refuse."
"Oh? Does it call for many, many zeroes behind one large primary number?"
"Possibly two primaries if at first I don't succeed. I'm hopin' our friendship means more than money."
"Do tell me old friend."
"I wanna buy Brunhilda from ya."
"Wonder Woman? Oh that is going to cost you. She is like a daughter to me."
Hearing Archie's words cut Oscar like a knife. Pausing a moment to reflect on the fact he had made it clear to Esperanza that her own daughter belonged to him as much as she did. Knowing the pain Esperanza must be feeling at her baby girl's loss Oscar made a ticking sound through pressed lips. "2.5 million for Hilda. I wanna train her to be my bodyguard alongside Randolph. I'm thinkin' she's got what it takes."
"I always hate to see my children grow up and leave home. Make it 3.5 and I'll throw in her teddy bear."
"You're an evil man Archibald. She has a teddy bear?"
"Of course! A souvenir of her past life. Of course I believe she ripped the head off a few years back."
"Deal! I'll be takin' her home with me at the end of the month."
"As your money reaches my bank in the Cayman's."
"Cayman's terms, eh?" Oscar chuckled then shook his friends hand after accepting the martini. A toast to seal the deal. "Always a pleasure doing business with you Arch."
"Indeed! Shall we adjourn for lunch?"
"What's on the menu?"
"Boar I believe. Chef Luigi has a wonderful barbecue baste."
"I'll meet you after I grab a shower. I want a quick word with the Doc."
"I shall have our napkin's ready."
"By that I suspect you mean some cute gal with a wagging tongue?"
"Of course! I have some new girls that need the experience."
"Best be old enough."
"I'm not a monster. Even Brunhilda was of age when she arrived."
"Uh huh! If you say so." Oscar knew nothing was ever legal in this neck of the woods. While Archie provided a great service his suspicions were usually on target. He wanted no part of that world. Of course, he had yet to see any girl or boy under 18, yet Arch could be hiding things. Oscar tried not to think about that but the teddy bear comment electrified the hairs on the back of his neck. While Oscar craved youth even he had limits. Bad enough Maria Blanco was barely 18. Any younger and his lust would have been squashed.
Archie understood his friends concern deciding to bite his tongue and leave Oscar to his own impressions. Once parting ways Oscar walked over to Dr. Koch's office where she sat observing Esperanza being ass raped by Brunhilda, another man fucking her face.
"Look at Hilda go. That gal has stamina." Oscar eased next to Rachel Koch, his dick hard to miss in it's incredible stature.
"You really should not have interfered like that Mister Barnett."
"Don't get yer panties in a bunch Doc. My money says I do what I want."
"She needs to know that you could forsake her completely Mister Barnett. The more you interact with her she will not fear your loss."
"I hear ya! Soon as we make that video I'll leave her to ya."
"This video you ask for. May I ask what you expect?"
"I need somethin' to reassure her daughter that Momma is safe and if Esperanza can do that without being all emotional I'll start believin' she can truly be the wife I wanted."
"A mother is loyal to her children. When they hurt, she will hurt. May I ask one more thing?"
"Spit it out."
"How much do you truly know Esperanza? I have been doing some digging into her past."
"Have ya now? And?"
"Do you know who her daughter's Father is?"
"Nope! Don't really care."
"Perhaps you should. I see why Esperanza hid her daughter from the world."
"Esperanza told me Maria's daddy was a bad man. I'm presuming her being a high paid Escort meant any of a number of low life billionaires."
"Have you heard of Hector Montoya Rosa?"
"Should I have?"
"Cartel!" Rachel scowls at him for his ignorance.
"No shit? I'm guessin' he doesn't know about Maria or he'd have taken her away from Esperanza."
"This alone must raise a red flag Mister Barnett. If Esperanza can hide her daughter from such a man...what must she be hiding from you?"
Oscar rubs his chin staring out at Esperanza being pounded by Brunhilda, the bodybuilder had not stopped thrusting in thirty minutes time. As he kept his thoughts to himself Rachel opted to check out his now dangling monster, obviously this unexpected news was effecting his stamina. It was rather impressive even while limp.
"I reckon I'll need to put some safeguards in place to protect Maria from him."
"When dealing with such men that might be wise. Perhaps a new identity all together. I'm certain you have connections that offer that which you require."
"Couple hundred of those. One thing at a time Doc. You have a week to get Esperanza ready to act in that video alongside me. It has to look like we're the happily hitched couple."
"One week then."
********
Texas...United States.
"Why are you tying me up Tyson?"
Maria Blanco giggled even as her new stepbrother Tyson Barnett bound her face down in his bed, her limbs to his bedposts spread eagle she was pretty darned sexy. Tyson found himself mesmerized by her tight succulent petite body, exploring every single facet while stroking both his goatee and his massive cock.
"You wanna be a woman right?"
"Yes! Very much."
"Alright then! You ever hear the sayin' He's fit to be tied?"
"No! If it is He is to be fit to be tied, why are you not tied up instead of me?"
"Good point! You can tie me up later." He chuckled. "You have such a smart ass on you Maria Lou." He slaps her bottom making her squeal and burrow her face into a pillow. One slap usually meant many more.
"It is Maria Victoria, not Maria Lou."
"See? Another smart ass comment." Sure enough he swatted her second cheek then leaned down and kissed it softly, showing her that with pain, there was passion.
"Lick me Tyson."
"You just hush! I'll do what I want Missy." He chose to offer her a massage first, oiling her body up to get a nice gloss. That shine always turned him on. Soothing her against her tight bonds meant relaxing her for what came next. Eying her tiny butt pucker he was sorely tempted to just take it, but the deal was that his brother Matty would be her first anal test drive. Steering clear of it outside of a session of licking it he fingered her cunt from behind until she squirted on his embedded fingertips. She moaned softly from beginning to saturation. His saying hush was taken to heart, saving her heart shaped ass from further stings.
"God you taste good Baby Sister." He licks his fingers of her juices. "Ready to tame the white devil in me?"
"How can I do that when I am tied up?"
"You need to learn other techniques on how to do that Maria Victoria." He grins, "I'm gonna stick my dick in your sweet little pussy here and what I want you to do is try tightening your thighs around my cock really hard even when I push in and pull out. The whole time I want you to beg the white devil to leave me."
"You mean cum."
"Uhhh? Right!"
"The white devil is really called cum. Just like wet humping is called fucking. See? I'm learning from my brothers."
"That you are. You're such a good student Maria."
"I want to be the best. I want to be a woman."
"Don't be in any hurry. When Daddy gets home you can see what he thinks about what we've taught you. He can determine if he thinks you're really ready to be a woman."
"I miss Oscar."
"I'm sure he misses you too. Get ready I'm going in." Tyson digs his crown in between her labia and forces his beastly Barnett cock to squeeze inside her tight wet snatch. It hurt upon entry but soon Maria found it perfect. "Clamp that pussy around it." She clenched as hard as she could. "That's it Baby Sister...you're doing great. I can feel the white devil being lured out."
"Cum for me Tyson." She exhaled softly.
"See Maria? You not looking at my cock, and using your hands on it isn't the only way to draw that bastard out of hiding. All it takes is what we call pussy control. When a gal tightens up it chokes the white devil into throwing a fuss."
"Is that called fussy control?" She giggles.
"Smartass!" He laughs.
"Do not spank me." She laughs knowing it was coming.
"I'll let you off on that one because you're doing so good."
"I'm trying. When I do tense up I can feel how deep you are. I can feel it up inside my tummy."
"Where it should be Maria."
"Tyson?" Her voice was like butter.
"Yeah?"
"Cum inside me. I want to know what it feels like."
Gritting his teeth he knew he shouldn't until they got her birth control regulated. Just starting her on the pill they worried it would take awhile to toughen up her system. "You took your vitamin right?"
"Yes! Yesterday and today. Why am I taking vitamins?"
"Here in Texas you need to keep your body charged up. The weather here depletes your immune system. Those there vitamins will keep you from being sick in most cases. You don't wanna get sick do you?"
"No! I never get sick."
"Good to know." He began fucking her really hard, lifting her ass by her waist to give him a better sensation on each insertion. The friction was feeling incredible, her soft moans making his ride all the more enjoyable. Pondering on her request of cumming inside her was holding him back. He really wanted to shoot deep inside her but that nagging fear of knocking her up scared the holy hell out of him. His Dad would string him up from a tree out back if he did. As Tyson closed in on nutting she squirted all over his girth, juices spilling out all around his snug fit. Pretty amazing considering how hard she was clenching.
"Please Tyson...cum in me." Her sweet tender voice was coaxing him. Wincing as he reeled from the building nut he just lost control and exploded inside her.
"DAMMIT MARIA!" He roared shooting three hardcore times, firing into her so forcefully little Miss Maria started yelping like a puppy. The sound so beautiful Tyson kept fucking her. Nutting in her was a big mistake but sadly her pussy control was numbing his rational thoughts. So numb in fact he just couldn't retreat aiming for a second round.
Another seven minutes of her quaking thighs he detonated again. He knew he was going to kick his own ass for doing it, because now that she had experienced it she was going to expect it every time he or his brothers nailed her. The risk factor was just too much.
"AGAIN! AGAIN!" She begged. When he was right he was right.
One final round in his obsession over her youthful need to make him happy he starts to nut a third assault but regains his senses and ripped his cock out just before showering her ass. He could tell she was disappointed but she kept it to herself.
"The white devil was holding in a lot." She pouted.
"Tide was high Maria."
"My turn to tie you up Tyson?"
"Why the hell not." He laughed. Untying Maria he let her bind him tightly. Once he was helpless she crawled back on him and rode like a cowboy, she was always a ball of energy. He made one miscalculation in his decision. He being bound and her aggravating his cock there was no stopping her she was in control. Nutting yet again inside her, due to the fact she refused to climb off, Tyson Barnett closed his eyes and said a prayer. She was going for round four and screaming at her own gyrations.
"I must be nuts!"
She thought so.
"More! More! More!"
R.I.P Tyson Barnett.