Editor's note: this submission contains scenes of incest or incest content.
*
Ai did everything in her power to keep her emotions in check. The new corporate doll service wasn't exactly advertised, and only certain people knew about it. Apparently, one of those people happened to be her brother, who had waited patiently for his chance to once again have a go at his sister. If Ai refused or left, she could kiss her job goodbye. That kind of behavior was not tolerated by Mr. Wagner. Besides, with everything she had gone through, her brother wasn't going to have the satisfaction of getting her fired. As far she was concerned, this was just another job. She was a fuck doll given to clients for sexual services. He was a client giving the company business. They were not siblings in this transaction, just two employees doing their part for their company.
Like a doll, Ai remained still for her brother. He unpacked the box like a kid on Christmas excited to play with his new toy. And who wouldn't be. The way they dressed her up and fixed her makeup made everything about her screamed sex. Li kissed her luscious lips, a temptation long withheld from him. The once familiar, fiery passion was still present from his side. With the way things ended; Ai knew her brother remained smitten even with his perfect life. Sometimes, the things people wanted most were never within their reach. That made them desperate. He had held off long enough until he found a way he could have both her and her cooperation.
Off came her dress and Li helped himself to her body, worshiping and kissing every square inch. He was a passionate lover; she'd give him that. When they used to hook up it was always about her pleasure and never his, like he got off on her being satisfied. After things ended with Li, it was the type of lover Ai tried unsuccessfully to find and the one thing she missed the most. But now there was a shift. Since she was a doll, it was no longer about her. It was about his pleasure. Dolls didn't receive, they were there to give.
His cock found its way into her open mouth and he began fucking her face. Ai seldom gave him blow jobs and on the rare occasion she did, it wasn't for long. Now he had free reign on her mouth to use as hard and as long he desired. His manhood couldn't compare to the hung porn star that had plugged her mouth, which gave her an advantage at handling him. He could be as aggressive as he wanted, and it wouldn't be close to Keith's package. That's one good thing that came from that film shoot, better throat control.
Not surprisingly, Li helped himself to lengthy head. The face he longed for being filled continuously with his cock. His effort almost made it seem like it was a challenge to make her react. But she knew the game. The many times she had been used as an inspirational fuck on Mr. Wagner's desk taught her the meditative state necessary. This client was going to be no different.
After unloading in her mouth, Li moved on to her coveted pussy. Switching strategies, instead of focusing on his own pleasure, he wanted to make her scream like he used to. Her being a doll was only half of what he wanted. The other half was the human side. The affection. There was a time when she shared similar feelings but that had faded into nothing. And she wasn't going to let him win now. His sharp tongue sent shivers up her spine, but her meditative state steadied her weak mind. A doll was a doll and that's what she was.
Li was so hell bent on making his sister squeal that he simply ran out of time with his doll. The courier arrived two hours after the original delivery and requested the packaged doll. Li tried to bargain for more time, but there was no wiggle room. Her brother was so lost in re-establishing a connection that he didn't even use her properly. As she was rolled out of the office, she watched her brother put his hands in his pockets like he just lost a huge bet. His disappointment filled her with glee. He finally had his chance to enjoy her and his ego got in the way. She would try her best to make sure that was his last opportunity.
***
Being a corporate fuck doll meant a lot of traveling and a lot of waiting. Once Ai was returned to the office, her box was placed in Mr. Wagner's office to be processed and checked in like she was an actual doll. Since Mr. Wagner was out, she waited on display in her box. Under no circumstances was she to move or leave. She had to be processed. The way her role was explained to her was that Ai the assistant was still working for the company under normal circumstances and pay. But because the company couldn't really solicit sexual favors with an employee in a legal manner, Ai the doll was classified as company property. When she was a doll, she was as much company property as a printer or chair. And as company property, she could only do what she was told to do. For now, that was waiting like a doll.
However, before Mr. Wagner returned, Ai had an idea in mind. It stemmed from the conversation with Riley and her carefree manner. If Ai accepted her situation it would never change and that meant she needed to do something that would change it. When the coast was clear, she snuck out of her box, took out one of her spare panties and tucked them away in Mr. Wagner's suitcase. If his wife found those, she would immediately suspect that he was cheating, which could lead to personal problems and possible termination. At least Ai hoped it would. It was a long shot, but she had to do something. With her mission complete, she returned to her box and waited like an obedient doll.
Ai maintained her pose until the end of the day when Mr. Wagner finally returned. However, he had a few things that required his attention first. So, she patiently waited another hour. As if she really was a company doll, Mr. Wagner didn't greet her or make pleasantries. He simply scanned the laminated barcode on the back of her neck to check her in. She was free to go. Mr. Wagner smiled mischievously as she left the office, the silence saying all that needed to be said. Before Mr. Wagner could change his mind, Ai grabbed her things and headed out. Her time was her own now.
***
Kim walked through the halls of the producer's office lined with awards and golden records. Norris Magnet was one of the most successful producers and the reason Kim was now a mega successful pop star. He had called a meeting to discuss her new branding strategy. For the first year of her career, Kim was sweet and innocent, singing songs about love and being young. It wasn't Kim's first choice or second choice or even third choice, but that's what she was told to do. To the outside world, her career was an expression of herself and growing up. The entire image was a facade, however. The truth was that once she made it, she had to play their game.
The big wooden doors with golden handles still intimidated the pop star. Even though she had success under her belt, it was still nerve wracking to open the heavy doors. Across the office, sitting in his big white chair, was Norris Magnet. Extremely handsome and extremely unattainable. He had a history of sleeping with various Pop stars early in their careers, like a right of passage. It wasn't a forceful one-night stand. In fact, most girls threw themselves at him, Kim included. He was a dominant and passionate lover, and once the fling was over it was all business from then on.
Kim took her seat and Norris dropped what he was doing and focused his full attention on her. His charming and thought-provoking discussions were just two of his many attractive traits.
"How are you, Kim?"
"Very good, sir."
"Great. Great. Look I brought you in today because as you know, you're getting older and there's a shifting of demographics." Norris said. "We need a little more edge, a little more sex appeal for the college crowd."
Kim was relieved to hear that. From the start she had wanted to be raunchy and free to write about whatever was on her mind. But she understood the need to ease her into the business first. The transition from nice to naughty was a story line the media went crazy over. Every pop star did it, yet it was unfathomable every time. Now it was Kim's turn. Partying without worrying about her image, now that was the life she wanted!
"So, to do that, I'm thinking your new image is going to be an airhead. This kind of dumb, giggly Pop Star." Norris said.
A bimbo. He wanted her to be a bimbo. How was she supposed to express herself if she had to act like a vapid idiot?
"Couldn't I just wear less clothes and swear more. Isn't that the usual transition?"
"Look Kim, I get you have an idea of how you should be. But hear me out." Norris said. "Fans, especially men, love girls who just act like dumb objects."
"Pfft. What kind of message does that send to women?"
"Have you been on social media? Fashion and sex. That's all women care about and Kim Ai is going to be a leader in both."
Kim deflated in her seat. It was not the direction she wanted her career to go. Acting like America's sweetheart was already tough enough, now she had to act like a bumbling valley girl. Could she even refuse?
"I don't think I could pull off being a 'bimbo'." Kim said.
"Sure you can. Just act exactly how you did the night we slept together." Norris winked.
Her face went red. She was star struck and fresh in the business. How else was she supposed to act besides like a fan girl?
"Anyway, think about your approach and we'll schedule a full meeting with marketing next week."
His smile sealed the deal. When Norris was set on an approach, he didn't invite feedback right away. There needed to be time to digest the decision. Time to let it settle in the mind. He wanted Kim to accept that she was now going to be the world's most famous bimbo. It was degrading to be so controlled by her corporate overlords. The message to women everywhere was even worse. Be dumb and hot and you'll be successful. Where was the focus on drive and determination and intelligence? Those were valuable too.
Kim digested her decision over a long night of drinking. Interviews of starlets flirting, and giggling played on the late-night show on the bar television. That was her future. A dumb bimbo used by men to make money. A corporate whore. Is that really what she had signed up for?
***
Finally free, Ai made her way home. Being company property turned her on more than she cared to admit. There was always a submissive nature hiding in her mind and being made into an object activated the pleasure center in her brain. The difference between her actual job and her job as property was the occurrence of pleasure and her wardrobe. Standing in the box, she could feel each piece of restrictive and tight clothing and every accessory like she was a doll to be dressed and undressed. The feeling was liberating. All her cares and worries were pushed aside as she played the role of a toy. Her employers dressed her up and sent her out to be played with and she loved every minute of it. Even with her brother as the first client. Being mindless helped her disassociate enough to enjoy the experience.
Back at home, Ai settled down in front of her computer with a quickly prepared dinner of leftover pasta. Riley had been stuck in her head all day throughout her time in meditative trance. Riley, who made thousands from desperate men, yet still did porn. Riley, who invited her along to show her the ropes. With money not a problem, someone so down to earth had to be someone she should get to know.
The website was well put together and attracted many kinksters. One only had to go on the popular amateur fetish clip site to see the wide variety of available genres. Some Ai never heard of or didn't understand at all. Kudos to the women who made a living appealing to so many strange crowds. The one fetish Ai really wanted to explore was time stop. Like many others, the Japanese created an entire industry around the fetish. It was only starting to gain popularity in America, but not like the Japanese did it. Ai only had to compare a few videos to see the vast difference in quality. American films used one or two, maybe three models if they were lucky. The Japanese used anywhere from three to ten or more models. Naked women standing around pretending to be frozen while they waited to be fucked. Putting the porn aspect aside, the production value and acting from all involved was quite impressive.
Through Riley, she stumbled on to Jack Frost. He was an amateur fetish producer who was starting to bring the Japanese flair to so many niches it influenced, most notably time stop. From the previews of the few videos he had released so far, Ai could see the similarities, but also the areas that needed improvement. There was a certain raw feeling with the Japanese where the men were given free reign over the frozen porn star's body. Jack's video still had the issue of resistance from the men in doing certain things. Like licking a girl's face. Ai found that particular act strange, but it was a staple of the genre. It was something Jack would soon become familiar with. That and stressing that the women stay still. The fidgeting from the preview alone was distracting, she couldn't imagine the movie did much better to mitigate it. There was a trick to maintaining calm and stillness in a situation like that. Ai knew that all too well.
The more research she did, the more she was intrigued. Following Riley's advice, she needed something to start her brand and the fetish seemed popular enough to pull a few fans. Showing her body off or making clips weren't an issue. The issue was that she needed eyeballs to watch and buy from her. Ai grabbed Riley's card and dialed the number.
"Hello Riley, it's Ai. Can I take you out for a drink?"
***
"Time stop. I could have guessed." Riley said, taking a sip from her Frappuccino. "You're a real natural at holding a pose."
Ai blushed. "I get a lot of practice."
"I thought you didn't do porn."
"Well...I..."
"You don't have to share anything you don't want to. Just a question is all."
Ai remained silent. How could she explain that her boss has free reign to use her as fuck toy whenever he pleased. Or the fact that she officially became company property as a sex doll and was shipped out to clients. Even for someone like Riley, it was a ridiculous notion. Yet that was her life. Which is why she needed another direction. One she could influence. Riley's phone buzzed, drawing both their attention. The relaxed model smiled.
"You're in luck. There's a time stop shoot this weekend at a hotel. Should I tell him you're in?"
"Doesn't he want to see me audition or..."
"I told him you took Keith entirely without flinching."
"Ummm... sure, why not." Ai said.
"Sweet." Riley pondered before texting back. "You know what girl; I'm going to give it a shot too. If you're trying something new, then so am I."
That was a relief. Showing up to a full production porn shoot not knowing someone would have been nerve racking. Riley knew the ropes and could give her advice about the ins and outs of the industry. Especially about building a brand. Ai didn't even know where to start. Once again, her education failed to prepare her for real life scenarios. Not a day went by that she didn't wish she was in Kim Ai's shoes. Now that was a life to be envious of.
***
"You've got to be kidding me." Kim said.
The picture was a photo manipulated shot of Kim to make her look more like a bimbo. Her hair was dyed blond, her skin was tanned, and if she was seeing correctly, there were other modifications that could only be achieved through surgery.
"My lips and tits are fine the way they are thank you."
The representatives of the PR and marketing teams looked at Norris. Ultimately, it was his call when everything was said and done. He turned his full attention to Kim. Never a good sign.
"Look Kim, you're getting stale right now." Norris said. "We need a new you or you're going to lose your fan base."
"You're turning me into another Kardashian."
"In this industry we like to use Niki Minaj, but yes you need upgrades to stay relevant. Every thing is on us so don't worry about the costs. You are our product after all"
Kim stood up. "I'm not letting you ruin my career or my life."
She bolted for the door.
"Kim if you walk out, we're finished with you. I know you don't like the decision, but a lot of market research went into this. It's this or bust for you."
Her hand trembled on the handle. Her rise to stardom had been a relatively easy climb. No bribing or sleeping with the right people. Just luck and talent. Was this the first hurdle she was going to have to face? The handle slipped from her grasp. Deflated and defeated, she walked back over to her seat. If the picture really was her future, it wasn't all that bad. At least she'd still be attractive.
Norris smiled from across the table and clasped his hands in victory.
"All right, let's go through the changes from top to bottom, shall we." Norris said.
Kim looked down at the presentation of her new life. How much could they really change?
***
Jack Frost did not hold back on the production value. Whereas most porn productions rented out a set and did what they could, Jack rented out the entire hall and a few rooms for filming. How he got it approved by the hotel itself was likely an interesting story on its own. Riley brought Ai in and introduced her to Jack, who was in the midst of organizing the set-up.
"Jack, just wanted you to meet Ai. She's going to be one of the servers." Riley said.
Jack was a young, ruggedly handsome guy. The beard gave him the typical movie director look; however his vision was for porn production not the silver screen. Ai gracefully shook his firm grip.
"Good to have you on board, Ai. I heard a lot of good things." Jack winked at Riley. His hand flew to his ear where a blue tooth headset hung.
"I've got to deal with this." Jack said. "Good luck."
Jack walked away barking orders in the microphone. Ai saw the star of the show, a gorgeous redhead dressed in a stunning strapless wedding dress. Upon closer inspection, the redhead was Daisy Reed, a porn star that was on the verge of being a household name. Both the production and star power were on full force this movie. Ai was excited to be a part of it. Having sex on camera was no different than the many times Mr. Wagner used her body, except that now she could build a following from the audience.
Riley and Ai parted ways to get ready for their respected roles. Not surprisingly, Riley managed to snag the maid of honor role, someone who was going to get as much screen time as the bride. The rest of the cast was rounded out to about six people in the wedding party, and thirty additional guests, all dressed to the nines. Ai and three other women were stationed around as wait staff. With all the gorgeous people around, Ai couldn't imagine getting that much screen time.
The Timestoppers, the main characters of the ongoing series, were two white frat boys who discovered a time stopwatch. The current shoot's storyline was that they happened to pass by a wedding and decided to use their new watch. With everyone in position, the scene started with the groom putting the ring on the bride. Ai was stationed at the top corner, getting a diagonal view of the action at the altar. The two frat boys walked in and emphasized hitting the magical button. Everyone stopped moving. The instructions were clear. Even if Jack yelled cut, all actors were to maintain their pose. There were to be no continuity errors. The five different cameras stationed around were sure to catch some movement, but that many angles would make editing easier.
The first victim was one of the audience members in a red dress. The frat boys grabbed her and took her into the aisle. It was amazing to watch the cast remain still. Not a normal occurrence in the American porn industry. Taking a page out of the Japanese book, the men started by licking her face before moving on to taking her dress off. The actress never blinked and could have been mistaken for a real doll. She was stripped and left in her underwear, heels, and jewellery. Forced to her knees, her mouth was pried open and stuffed with one of their cocks. As one frat boy had his way with her, fucking her face at an aggressive rate, the other frat boy moved on to the next victim. Girl after girl, the two frat boys stripped and explored their bodies before leaving them in ridiculous poses in states of undress. And girl after girl, they maintained their poses even through the stoppages.
With no indication of how or if she was going to be used in the scene, AI waited patiently with her legs slightly spread and her hands behind her back. One of the frat boys made eye contact with her and made his way over. Based on the random nature and multiple cameras, Ai derived that the two stars were given free reign to do whatever they wanted to anyone. They were like kids in a candy store. Ai kept her body passive, and the frat boy took control. First came the predictable face licking. Then off came her clothes, ripped out of them like a doll being played with.
Once undressed, Ai was picked up and carried over to the sea of guests. The frat boy placed her on the lap of one of the many female guests. Their eyes met, but they refrained from reacting. Everyone was a trained professional and any reaction would ruin the scene. No one wanted to be the one failure. Ai's mouth was adjusted so she locked lips with the random female. Soon she was being taken from behind, each penetrating blow bobbing both their heads back and forth. The pleasure was forcing slight moans out of her mouth. Slight moans that the other girl could feel and hear. The man adjusted the girls' two hands into the rock on symbol and then continued his enjoyment of pounding Ai's pussy.
The sex didn't last long. The two men still had plenty of women to fuck around with including the bride, which would likely be the finale of the video. Even Riley remained untouched along with the rest of the wedding party. Cum splashed on the two latest victims and Ai was left in a lip lock with trails of semen drying across both their faces.
She was left in that pose for at least twenty minutes. All of that time making eye contact with the stranger. Both were trying to make a name for themselves in the porn industry. Ai couldn't see, but she heard the sounds of women being fucked over and over, and then left in compromising positions. Based on the sounds, the two frat boys were just starting to get into the wedding party.
And they wanted Ai to be a part of that. Her body was pulled away from her temporary partner. The warm wet lips were no longer pressed against hers. That was something she surprisingly missed. Her body was placed on the ground right near the wedding party. Moments later, Riley appeared above her. The two frat boys took their time kissing and licking every inch of her perfect skin that was visible while she remained in her maid of honor dress. Beneath them, Ai got a front row seat to the whole thing. Once they were done with the foreplay, Riley was stripped and then bent over. Her pussy was positioned just above Ai's face. The two men entered both of Riley's holes and begin pumping away. Drops of precum and pussy juice fell below on the lone spectator throughout the raunchy scene. A shower of human sex.
Ai could see the smile Riley's face was stuck in. A big part of the fetish was facial expressions and having a woman being double penetrated while smiling like she didn't have a care in the world was an attractive sight. Most producers, even the Japanese ones, often neglected that part of the fetish.
Both men blew their loads at the same time, pulling out right away. Semen dripped from both holes and onto Ai's face and neck below. To finish up with their latest cum dump, the two men slowly lowered Riley towards the ground until her ass covered Ai's face. She felt the movement of the semen leaving the respective holes and flowing over her face. Is this how they were going to leave her?
Her question was eventually answered. For the rest of the movie, Ai laid on the ground with her friend's ass on her face. It was the life of a time stop porn star. Wherever they ended up placing you is where you had to remain. After approximately another hour, Ai felt the relief of Riley being lifted off her. It was time for everyone to be put back in their place.
Positioned in her original spot, Ai caught a glimpse of the aftermath of the climax of the movie. Kneeling on the altar where the pastor used to be was the naked bride, her face covered in semen. No doubt a joint effort from the two frat boys. In her original place was her in-story mother wearing the wedding dress with a frozen facial expression of excitement as the ring was slid on her finger. Off to the side, the bridesmaids was placed on their knees with a groomsman's cock in each mouth while the girls flashed the peace symbol. It was a shot Jack lingered on to get all the angles and close-ups before the following reaction shot.
With the number of porn stars standing still, it truly was an impressive shoot. Judging by Jack Frost's giddiness, he was ecstatic with the results. The final shot was the reaction shot where everyone came back to life. It could only be done in one take if the continuity were to remain seamless.
"And action."
Ai felt her body and face with her hands. She looked down at her disheveled clothes with an exaggerated expression of shock. The bridesmaids all screamed and pushed the erect groomsmen away. The main focus lingered on the bride's mother, who excellently portrayed being embarrassed at her predicament, but flattered to be wearing a gorgeous ring and wedding dress. The moment urged her to kiss the groom, but the sight of her daughter made her recoil in shock. The groom took off his coat and placed it around his bride to be, who had already been soiled on her wedding day.
"And cut."
Everyone stopped pretending and cheered for a job well done. Jack took center stage and enthusiastically thanked each person for maintaining their pose. Riley walked over to Ai, both still naked and covered in cum.
"So, how was it?" Riley said.
"Very fun."
"I was talking about my ass. Did it feel good?"
Ai laughed. "You have the softest skin."
"You get some good shit as an Influencer." Riley winked. "So, have you thought of a name?"
"A what?"
"A stage name. Something you're going to build your brand around. This movie is going to be a big deal."
"Uhhh."
"Hmmm. How about Ai Doll. Suits you well."
"Ai doll?"
It was simple yet effective. Her primary audience was going to be for the time stop, mind control, doll crowd and it fit perfectly with how still she could be. Maybe this was going to be the big break she needed to get away from Mr. Wagner and his stupid cock. Maybe she'd finally be free.
"I like it."
Riley winked. "Well, see you around, Ai Doll."
Riley joined another group of porn stars and chatted away like they were best friends. To have a well-connected person in her corner meant the world to Ai. Taking that first photo shoot and saying yes to the porn shoot were starting to look like the best decisions she had made in a while. She looked forward to building her brand and leaving her old life behind for good.
***
Kim shifted in the uncomfortable outfit. For reasons beyond her comprehension, the PR team settled on PVC as her clothing of choice. The shiny material looked flattering on her body but was extremely tight and uncomfortable. Her tube top wrapped around her chest and somehow let her breasts pop forward while remaining tight to her body with no straps to support it. She feared that any movement would snap the top and cause her tits to go on show. Maybe that's what the PR team was counting on.
Her skirt was also PVC and showed off her perfect bubble butt. The only thing that wasn't black and shiny was her underwear. She was at least given a choice in that, although they urged her to go commando. Kim felt that would shed the last piece of her dignity, so she held on to that for the time being.
The PR people had set up a bunch of interviews for her to announce that her new album was currently in production. An album she was told would be written for her to set the tone for her new brand. The dreams of being a solo female artist with all the money and power in the world were just fantasies. Instead, she was being manufactured like every other product. Her look was chosen for her. Her music was chosen for her. Even her personality was chosen for her. The people in charge knew fun bimbos did well and had no desire to experiment on new brands. Why fix what wasn't broken?
In her first interview, she was instructed to giggle after every answer and to somehow work in her new catch phrase. After a few sessions with an acting coach, Kim learned how to properly present herself in her new role. Tits out, ass out, dangling hands, and slow sensual movements. The way she walked was best characterized as looking like someone had just fucked her in the ass and her body was screaming for more. The amount of work that went into preparing her was astounding to think about. Every little detail mattered, even her facial expression, which was best described as a vapid smile. A team of people actually got together and determined how to make someone look as fake and sexually appealing as possible while acting like an idiot. From her image in the mirror, they certainly accomplished their objective. Kim did the vapid smile she had practiced so many times. Unfortunately, it was perfect. She really did look like a bimbo.
The introductions were made, and Kim sat down. The last time she was on the Happening Show was when she first broke into the industry as an innocent young girl on the verge of stardom. Now she had plenty of success and her image had changed entirely. The host, Stan, had been given a brief breakdown of Kim's new brand and his questions were tailored accordingly.
"So, Kim, great to see you back. You've certainly changed a lot since I saw you last."
"Like ya, so much has changed." Kim said in her practiced valley girl accent followed by a fit of giggles. She was scared by how good at it she was.
"We've heard rumors that you have a new album coming out. Can you give us some more details on that?"
"Well...like..." Kim twirled a strand of newly blond hair around her finger. "It's like going to be a bit different."
"Different how?"
"I like wanted to like really show people the real me." Kim laughed. It was exhausting to focus on every little aspect of her new personality.
"I think what they see is what they get." Stan said.
The crowd laughed and Kim had no choice but to laugh at her own expense, further proving his comment. If there was a rock bottom for Kim, this was it. Laughing along with everyone after the host basically called her an idiot was a shot to her own ego. She knew the truth about herself, but no one else would.
"Like totally." Kim said with another giggle, doubling down on her bimbo persona.
"And what gave you the inspiration for the songs?"
"Um..." Kim panicked internally. She had no idea what the songs were about yet. "It's just like about letting loose and exploring who you are."
Kim flung her hair behind her shoulder and pushed her chest out. The mindset of a bimbo was that all eyes had to be on her. The more attention she got, the better. Inherently, that meant her clothing had to be as little as possible and her body language had to emphasize her best parts. Being mindful of how she was acting was still a work in progress, especially as she struggled to think how a bimbo would respond.
"Letting loose might be an understatement." Stan grinned.
Kim smiled. She wanted to speak her mind, but her entire PR team and Norris were watching. There was no breaking character allowed.
"Like totally." Kim stuck to the basics. It was awkward enough with the interviewer leading the questions.
"I bet you got a lot going in there."
Kim laughed with the crowd again at her own expense. Acting like a bimbo was a humiliating task. Instead of a riveting conversation on where she wanted her music to go, she was reduced to bumbling dialog, smiles, and tits. Another corporate product carefully crafted for public consumption. They might as well finish by wrapping her up and putting her in a box for future use.
"Is there any message you want to say to all your fans out there?"
Probably her least favorite decision was her new brand motto. She didn't care what people did, but this gave her a definitive stance on the matter.
"Like, be beautiful." Kim said with attitude.
"Thank you so much, it's been a pleasure." The host said. "Kim Ai everyone."
The crowd cheered and Kim giggled while she waved. This was nothing compared to what she knew was eventually coming.
***
Ai was dressed like a doll ready to be sent out and used by another corporate client. However, this time, she was secretly going to solicit clients of her own. Her business card, which provided the link to a subscription fan site Riley had helped set her up, was tucked into her panties so anyone that used her in the corporate world had the option of discretely following up. With her pussy loaded, she was ready to start making a name for herself and break free from her corporate shackles.
After entering Mr. Wagner's office, Ai was surprised to discover two boxes. Upon closer inspection, there was another doll already waiting in the other box. Ai moved closer and gasped. How could it be? Did her plan backfire? In the box was Mr. Wagner's trophy wife. She stood perfectly still like an obedient doll dressed in a pink bikini and smiling. Was it discovering Ai's panties that had caused this? Ai had so many questions, but little time for answers. She hopped in her box and stood still just as the lights flicked on. Mr. Wagner bypassed the boxes and walked to his desk.
Even if she could make enough money to leave, would Mr. Wagner let her go? If his wife wasn't safe, then who was? Ai needed answers before she made her next move.