Another year, another series of wagers on the Red Sox - Yankees rivalry with my wife! I had won two season-series bets in a row and used those to "persuade" her to show more of herself in public settings. Dana remained fairly conservative at other times, but I knew that she had been excited by the exhibitionism I had arranged, so much so that she had sex with the shoe salesman last fall! That incident had gone well beyond what I intended, but ultimately there was no harm done.
As usual I let Dana lay out her wager for the season's head-head competition first, and she proposed a trip to Las Vegas, complete with fine dining and a show of her choice. I wanted an island vacation, with my choice of swimsuits for her. My imagination conjured up a vision of Dana in a string bikini and I had an immediate erection. Dana wrinkled her nose at that and balked until I sweetened her end of the bet if she won with a second dinner in Vegas, but....even if she won, the after-dinner entertainment would be my choice on that second night. That sold the bet.
The season didn't go as well for my Red Sox as the previous two. I bought far too many truffles for single game losses and ended up paying for most of the series lunches as well. Paying for the lunches was no great hardship - I enjoyed our time together and the lunches reminded me of the days when our mutual attraction was growing. We typically had lunch on a Saturday or Sunday, and usually ended up in bed for some afternoon delight upon returning home, my wife getting frisky - as was almost always the case after a few glasses of wine. No great sacrifice there!
By mid-August Dana was feeling confident enough to book the Vegas hotel and tickets for a long weekend in November. Sadly, she wasn't wrong; the Yankees swept the next series in New York, clinching the season head-head win. My lovely wife thoroughly enjoyed watching the deciding game, while I tried to fight off the frustration with the players and manager I typically felt when we lost to the Yankees.
The next order of business was for her to pick the restaurants for Friday and Saturday night. She enjoyed researching which ones she wanted and ended up choosing two of the best in town. Her entertainment choice for Friday night was Cirque de Soleil, because several friends had told her how unique the show was. She asked me what I was choosing to do on Saturday night and I could honestly say I hadn't decided. In fact, I hadn't even looked yet.
"Since you're being so good about this I'll dress more sexily than usual for you both nights," she told me. "It is Vegas after all, and what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas." I thought I detected some kind of hidden meaning in that comment, but probably not.
I began browsing the web looking for entertainment that was going to be available while we were in Vegas. Nothing caught my eye the first two times I looked, but on the third try something popped up - an amateur contest at one of the high-class strip clubs, being held on the Saturday night we were there. Surely this was fate! I knew my chances of talking Dana into doing this were virtually zero - even the $1,000 first prize wouldn't tempt her - but I thought it would be fun to take her to the club anyway. Just seeing Dana's reaction to the place would make my night, and there was always the chance it would excite her.
The week before our trip was busy for Dana; she did all the necessary grooming stops even though I thought she was a natural beauty - hair, nails, eyebrows, eyelashes - the list was endless. She had already bought the two dresses for the trip, refusing to show them to me beforehand. "They're your surprise present" she told me. Fine, I could wait.
We took a late morning flight and got to Vegas in the early afternoon. After checking in we explored the hotel for a while, checking out the shops and casino and wandering by the pool area. Soon it was time to get ready for our early dinner, as we had to make it to a 9:30 show afterward.
As usual, my preparations didn't take long - shower, touch up my shirt, pants and sports coat with the iron and then watch Dana get ready for the evening. I had learned long ago that women were complicated - so many things to perfect in the process of getting ready for a special evening. But I had nowhere to be, and watching Dana primp in various degrees of undress was hardly a chore. And the result? Well, the result was always worth the wait.
This time was no exception, though she did make me wait for it. The room was a typical Las Vegas suite, complete with an ensuite bathroom. Once I was out of the way Dana showered and did her hair and makeup while wearing one of the plush robes that came with the room. Then the bathroom door closed, her clothing already in a hanging bag in there.
"I'm not allowed to watch you dress?" I asked as she began to close the door. "I enjoy that almost as much as watching you undress."
"Not tonight," she told me with a conspiratorial smile. "I promised to dress more sexily than usual for you and I want you to get the full effect."
"Something to look forward to!" I declared. "Maybe I'll sneak a peek."
"Nope," she said, closing the door. The lock clicked loudly and I knew there would be no peeking.
Twenty minutes later Dana proved once again that the wait was worth it as the door opened and a vision of loveliness emerged. Dana was dressed in a glittering navy-blue dress that hugged her curves like a second skin. The hem of the dress was halfway up her thighs - combined with 3-inch stilettos it made her already long legs look endless. I followed the snug dress up her legs and over her slim hips to the top. The dress had spaghetti straps that supported a deep, plunging neckline. The curves of Dana's generous breasts were overflowing the top enough that a bra, if she were wearing one, could only support them from below. My gaze finally arrived at my wife's lovely face, framed by her long raven hair. She turned to show me the back of the dress, which only consisted of straps holding the front in place. So, no bra, which was very rare for my wife. When she turned back she was looking at me apprehensively, as if she weren't sure I would like the dress.
"Wow," I said softly and slowly. Dana just didn't dress like this - ever - so this was a special moment.
"Does that mean you like it?" she asked.
"That would be an understatement," I told her. "I love it - I love you in it!"
The brilliant smile I loved so much came over her face. "It's not too....I don't know....obvious?"
I stood and went over to her. "It looks like you're ready for a fantastic evening in Las Vegas - a wonderful dinner followed by a special show. Unless, that is, you're willing to let me undress you and ravish you like I want to right now. The dress definitely inspires me."
"Later Tiger," she told me. "We have dinner reservations and a show to go to first tonight. If we leave now we can have a drink at the bar before dinner."
Getting a little alcohol in my lovely wife seemed like a very good idea, so I threw my sports coat on and guided her out the door. We took a cab to the restaurant; I could see that the driver was checking his rear-view mirror regularly, enjoying the view. I couldn't blame him. We checked in at the reception desk, acknowledged that we were early and headed to the bar. My usually conservative wife had a martini and I had a Manhattan. Halfway through our drinks we were told that our table was ready; I settled our bar tab and we made our way to the table.
Dana's reward for the season win was everything she hoped it would be. Dinner was magnificent, a virtuoso performance of sight, smell and taste. We topped it off with a bottle of very good wine and, though we wanted to linger, had to head off for the show. That was everything she hoped it would be as well, an incredible production with aspects I never thought I would see on a stage.
All of this was enhanced by seeing my lovely wife in her incredible dress - I tried very hard not to talk to her cleavage at dinner! During the show we held hands while she watched the show with rapt attention. My own attention was more on her, and I stole glances at her lovely face and fabulous cleavage as often as I could. I tried moving my hand down to her thigh, which was more than half exposed and very tempting, but Dana was too focused on the show to allow that distraction.
When we got back to the hotel I was all for going back to the room, eager to unwrap my lovely wife. But Dana was full of energy after the dinner and show and wanted to go to the hotel bar. We ended up going to the casino instead. Checking out the various tables Dana decided she wanted to learn how to play craps, so we found a $20 table and joined the game.
The guys at the table took note of the gorgeous woman who had joined them but the game only paused for a moment as they checked her out. As it happened Dana was next to the player with the dice. He made his point on the next roll and then went on a winning streak. With typical gambler superstition he credited Dana with his luck. I watched in amusement as he asked her to blow on the dice - at first she was confused but after a few throws she understood and was into the excitement of a hot streak.
The shooter crapped out after winning ten rolls in a row, enough to convince the table that Dana was a good luck charm. When the next player got the dice he asked her to stand next to him and blow on the dice for him as well. After looking at me and getting a 'sure' nod she moved to stand next to him.
"Seven, a winner!" came the call from the dealer, bringing a loud cheer from the table. Dana was into the game now, excited along with the crowd. She leaned over the table on throws to see the result and I started to wonder if her breasts would escape the low-cut dress. I could see some of the players stealing glances her way, no doubt hoping for just that. Her breasts had inched higher, and I thought I could see a hint of her areola. As the excitement grew the players at the table got louder, cheering at each win. By the time Dana was next to the fourth shooter a crowd was gathering to watch the action and it was two-deep around the table. Changing places to a new shooter had taken her around the top of the table to the side opposite me, so for all purposes she seemed to be alone.
Dana was oblivious to all of that, wrapped up in the game and her 'good luck charm' role in it. I watched as several men moved behind her as the crowd grew, close enough that they had to be pressing against her rear. A flush came over her face but otherwise she showed no sign that anything untoward was happening. The next roll went into the corner on her side, making her lean far over the table to see the dice. As the crowd cheered at another successful throw I saw my lovely wife's head lift and her mouth open as if to gasp. She quickly straightened up and reached down to tug at her skirt. From then on she didn't lean over the table, but her face remained flushed.
When this shooter finally crapped out I went over to rescue Dana from whatever was happening to her. It took a bit of pushing to get through the crowd of men behind her (one of whom had his hand on her ass), but I managed it and led her away from the table.
"Looked like you were the lucky charm," I commented. "Ready to go back to the room now?"
"Yes," she said, somewhat breathlessly. She looked at me, her face flushed with excitement. "That was intense!" she blurted out. "People kept winning, and they said I was the reason! It seemed silly at first, but then it kept happening!"
"You drew quite a crowd," I noted. "Everyone wanted to see why there was so much cheering."
"I know!" she said. "It was crazy, so many people crowding into the table."
By now we were alone in the elevator, going up to the room. I turned Dana toward me and took her in my arms. "It looked like they were especially crowded behind you," I commented.
"What? No, I don't think so..." she protested, interrupted by my kissing her.
"That's not what I saw," I told her as we parted. The elevator signaled that we had arrived at our floor; when the door opened I took Dana's hand and we went to our room.
As soon as we were inside and had shut the door I spun her toward me and kissed her again.
"What I saw was my sexy wife pressed into the craps table by men who were enjoying feeling her lovely ass," I growled.
"No! I... there might have been people pressed against me, but it was just because it was crowded."
I led her over to the bar in the main room in the suite and turned her to face it, pressing into her as if she were still at the craps table.
"And what happened that made you straighten up so quickly that one time?" I asked as I began to run my hand over her ass.
"I...I bent over to see the dice and my skirt must have ridden up! Someone's hand went up my leg - almost to my pussy!"
"Like this?" I asked, pushing her down onto the bar and running my hand up her leg. Dana moaned quietly as my hand pushed her skirt up her legs. When I reached the juncture of her thighs I found a very damp thong. She moaned more loudly as my hand pressed into the wet fabric.
"You enjoyed teasing those men," I accused her. "Letting them feel your ass and rub their cocks against you."
"No...I couldn't move, it was too crowded. And I didn't want to make a scene..."
I lifted her skirt so it was at her waist and pressed myself against her, the thong covering none of her full ass. My hands went to her hips and then the exposed part of her rear.
"So this doesn't excite you?" I said in her ear. "The feel of a hard cock against your ass does nothing for you?"
"I...I..." Dana couldn't answer, excited but confused about what she should say, what she should admit. Rather than let her off the hook, I upped the ante.
"And if I told you that all the men at the table were looking at your tits, hoping they would fall out of your dress when you leaned forward, that wouldn't excite you either?"
She was breathing hard now, moaning softly as I continued to stroke her ass, my erection nestled in the crease of her cheeks. With one hand I untied the straps holding her dress together in the back; that done I reached to the front of the dress and lowered it to expose her breasts.
"They can all see your beautiful breasts now," I told her. "Look at them lusting after you, wishing they could do this..." My hands moved to cup her breasts, fondling them gently, running my palms over her nipples.
"Your nipples are very hard," I whispered into her ear. "You must be imagining their hands on you, someone taking your nipple into his mouth and sucking it.."
"No," she said hoarsely, "I wouldn't..."
"Really?" I whispered. "So you would object if someone did this....." I said, pulling her thong over her hips and letting it fall down her legs. "Or this.." I continued, one hand undoing my belt and pants, pushing them and my boxers down to free my cock. I held Dana bent over the bar as I nudged her legs.
"Kick that thong away and spread your legs," I said firmly. I expected her to object but instead she did as I had ordered. She lurched when I moved back into her, rubbing my cock over her ass and crotch.
"Oh god," she murmured, and then "Oh!" as I thrust into her very wet pussy. I held Dana by her hips as I began to move in and out, fucking her slowly. The rhythm established, one of my hands moved to palm her breast while the other sought her clitoris.
"You're distracting the players, getting taken like this at the table," I told her. "Teasing them like you were... now they all want a turn fucking you."
Dana was breathing hard as my fingers danced over her clit while I fucked her. I delayed my climax as best as I could because a new thought had sprung into my head.
"Oh my god..." she moaned as she ground down on my fingers. I knew she was already very aroused by what had happened at the table, even if she didn't admit it. Pretending I was one of the men behind her would take her over the top.
"Did you think we were just going to let you tease us, beautiful?" I growled at her. "Now it's time for you to pay us back for waving your ass and tits at us!"
That was all it took for Dana to explode in a powerful climax, moaning as her orgasm shook her. I fucked her through the orgasm, enjoying the feel of her body shivering with sensation as my one hand tortured her clit and the other her breast. When she finally sagged down onto the top of the bar I stopped, letting her rest for a moment.
I pulled my cock from her and stepped back as if we were done. Dana didn't realize that I hadn't climaxed yet and she began to lift up from the bar. I stopped her, holding her down while I stepped up to her again.
"I'm next," I told her as I positioned my cock and thrust into her again. "You didn't think you were only going to get fucked once, did you? The whole table is going to have you."
"Oh my god," Dana moaned as I started fucking her again. I slipped a hand between us and ran my hand over her ass, a finger playing with her opening. "I'm sure someone wants to fuck this ass after getting a feel of it," I said. "You would love that, wouldn't you?"
"David..." she started to say.
"Your husband isn't here," I hissed at her. "It's just you and a dozen horny guys, and all of them want to fuck you." I sped up my thrusts in and out of her, teasing her asshole and then sinking a finger into it. Dana gasped and grunted in time with my thrusts. When I added a second and then third finger, she exploded in climax for the second time.
She was breathing hard as her upper body sagged to the bar, resting with her face turned to one side on the bar as she recovered. I pulled back as before but this time she stayed there. Her breath caught when I moved close to her again.
"No, please, that's enough," she gasped out.
"Only ten more to go," I told her in a rough voice. I guided my cock into her again; she moaned as I began fucking her. Lifting her upper body, I palmed her breasts and squeezed her nipples between my fingers. Dana's mouth opened slightly as I did that, pretending to be the third man taking her, and my hand moved to her mouth, my fingers running over her lips.
"Maybe it will go more quickly if you do two at a time," I told her. "Suck his cock baby," I said as my fingers found her mouth. When she hesitated I growled, "suck that big dick, you little cock tease!" and she began sucking my fingers. I fucked her harder as she sucked and dropped my other hand to her clit. Dana began breathing hard around my fingers, climbing to a third orgasm. This time I let myself go with her. It wasn't long before we both peaked; my climax burst inside her as she came and I groaned in pleasure as I spent myself in the velvet sheath of her pussy. We stayed like that for a few minutes, recovering from the intense lovemaking.
"Should I tell the others to come back later?" I asked as I pulled away to let Dana lift up.
She gave a little laugh, still clearly shaken by the encounter we had just played out. "I think that's enough for now," she said as she lifted off the bar. I turned her to embrace her.
"I love you my sexy wife," I told her. "I hope you had a fantastic evening."
"I did!" she said, perking up. "Dinner was delicious, and I loved the show! And the rush gambling at the craps table was amazing."
"Even though you were groped a bit?" I asked.
"You're making more of it than it was," she told me. "Just some guys stealing a feel....it was harmless. It certainly wasn't going to turn into....well, what we just did."
"You seemed to enjoy what we just did - I counted three orgasms!" I offered.
Dana blushed vividly, still embarrassed at times by her sexuality. "I suppose I did," she admitted. "I like when we play out the occasional fantasy."
I couldn't help but think that Dana had come a long way - there was a time when those guys at the table would have been smacked for their trouble. And it had just made for some hot sex when we played it out as a fantasy. Maybe she would participate in Amateur Night at the strip club after all...especially if I plied her with enough alcohol. No, probably not.
"But now I'm tired; I need to go to bed," Dana announced. "Another big evening tomorrow - I'm looking forward to the restaurant! And what have you planned for the rest of the evening?"
"It's a surprise," I told her. "Ready to show me your dress?"
"It's a surprise," she said with a smile.
Hope you enjoyed the first day of this story - stay tuned for Day 2.