I woke up to an empty bed feeling refreshed and rejuvenated after fantastic sex the night before, and a chance to sleep in later than usual. I tucked my morning wood into my waistband before venturing out of the guest room to find my wife on the floor with our kids while her mom was watching from the nearby kitchen. My wife was in a white tank top and shorts, about halfway done with her coffee, while her mom was in her typical for her, yet uncommon for most women, black morning dress with a fresh new steaming cup of coffee. I waved to my mother in law before giving my wife a kiss hello and sitting down beside her to say good morning to the kids when my father in law walked in. "Mom and I are walking up to the park to get some exercise, who wants to come with us?" he said in his usual, cheerful morning voice.
"The kids do!" my wife answered.
"You're going now?" my mother in law said surprised. "I haven't even gotten dressed yet."
"Well you better hurry," he responded.
"I'm not going," my wife said decidedly, giving me a quick raise of her eyebrows.
"It's too hot for me," I quickly agreed.
"Ok well you two get the kids ready while I go change and we'll bring them with us for a few hours while you stay here," my mother in law said excitedly before running into her room and shutting the door behind her.
Without trying to seem too eager my wife and I got the kids ready for the park in record time as my in laws were ready for their morning in the sun. My mother in law changed out of the black dress with the leg slit and into a tight blue tank top that I now loved equally as much since it showed off her busty chest just as well. It almost would have felt like a missed opportunity to see my wife's mom in that tank top for an extended period of time if I hadn't known that my wife already had some good ideas of her own. We all said our goodbyes and I took one last good look at her moms chest before we shut the door and turned to each other eagerly.
"I need another coffee before we do anything else, could you please make us some?" my wife said before giving me a kiss and scampering off. "Thanks, I'll be right back." I made our coffees and tried to imagine what exactly my wife had in mind when she said "before we do anything else."
I was sitting at the table with our coffees when I finally felt a hand on my shoulder followed by a nibble on my ear. The long brown hair draped over my shoulder was a familiar sight I loved to see but when I turned to face my wife I was still caught off guard. My cock instantly got noticeably hard in my shorts as I realized that my wife was now wearing the tight black unusually sexy morning dress with the leg slit that her mom had just taken off. The same flattering dress her mom wears every morning on vacation that I loved and appreciated very much. "I'm glad you like it," my wife said stepping back and grabbing my hand. "Come with me."
I was in for another surprise when my wife didn't bring me into the living room or our bedroom but instead brought me into her parents bedroom, pushing me onto the unmade bed. "My mom sleeps on this side of the bed and I figured we would try a new spot in the house," my wife said while straddling me. I grabbed her ass and kissed her before she pulled back and exposed one more surprise she had for me. "I found this on top of the hamper and thought you would appreciate it," she said as she slipped a black bra I did not recognize off her chest and shoved it in my face, pushing me to lay down on the bed.
While her moms warm bra was still on my face my wife started riding my big hard cock, slightly lifting the dress to give me a good view before lowering it again to lightly drape across my waist. She was so wet on top of me while I was intoxicated by the new environment and the overwhelming smell of her moms perfume throughout the room. I sat up again and buried my face in my wifes busty chest before lowering the neckline of her dress and taking turns licking each perfect nipple, lightly pulling her head towards the ceiling by her hair.
I let my wife ride me for a little while before I rolled her off of me and had her get on all fours, with her head towards the headboard. I got behind her and slipped my big cock back inside her, leaning over to grab her shoulders so I could get as deep as possible. She moaned and arched as her tight pussy struggled to accept a size she so desperately craved. As we got comfortable again I pulled her head back by her hair and rammed her repeatedly, making the bed squeak and the headboard bang against the wall. The bed was relatively quiet for the pounding it was taking and I couldn't help but wonder how many times my mother in law had been fucked in this exact spot while we were visiting and I unfortunately hadn't ever heard a thing.
It was at this moment that I noticed the picture on the bedside table of my wife and her mom in their bathing suits from a family trip they went on together before we were married. Seeing my wifes mom watching me fuck her daughter immediately had extreme results as I now felt like I not only had to please her daughter, but had to put on a show for her as well. I ran my hands along the dress, as if to point it out to my mother in law, before grabbing my wifes hips and thrusting hard. The extreme results quickly became evident as my wife began to cum shortly after I noticed the picture, moaning and jerking while slamming her ass up against my pelvis.
Now that my wife was taken care of it was my turn to finish. "Don't cum on the dress," my wife warned unexpectedly. "Cum on the sheets instead." She moved up next to me while placing a wet hand on my cock and whispering in my ear. "Haven't you always wanted to cum on my moms bed? Now when she goes to sleep she'll be covered in your cum. If you get some on her pillow you'll basically have cum in her mouth. Her drool will mix with your cum, just like you've always wanted. Maybe it'll even get her to subconsciously think of you. Maybe she'll picture you fucking her from behind in this same dress."
My wife was taking turns between whispering in my ear, kissing my neck and licking my nipples while stroking my throbbing cock. "She's watching us," my wife said as she nodded to the picture on the bedside table while she picked up her moms bra and wrapped it around my cock. "Cum for her." I did. I shot a load that reached the pillow before making its way spurt after spurt back to my balls near the foot of the bed. My still enlarged cock hung between my legs with cum leaking out of it onto the bedsheets while my wife kissed me and rubbed my balls in a congratulatory manner.
My wife got off the bed, took off her moms dress and drapped it over the chair where I'm assuming she found it earlier. "I think we should take this home," she said as she grabbed her moms bra off the bed and walked naked out of the room. I grabbed my clothes and folded the sheets over the wet spots as I followed her out to get dressed and ready for the day.
We just finished cleaning the house and preparing lunch when my wifes parents and our kids came back from the park. The sweat outline of my mother in laws bra was enough to tell me that she was either going to shower or swim in the near future. I pictured her stripping down to nothing before lathering her glistening naked body in the warm water of the shower. I imagined her taking the shower head and putting it between her legs while watching the video of me and her daughter fucking in her bed that she recorded on her hidden bedroom camera. I could see her squeezing her bigs tits together, rubbing her nipples and cumming before coming out to spend more time with us.
While I was daydreaming next to my wife at the table my mother in law came outside to grab her cheetah print bathing suit from the night before. As she picked it up to see if it was clean enough to wear again my wife pushed the bathing suit into her face jokingly. "That went right in my mouth!" she said to her daughter before rubbing it back in her face.
"Tastes good to me, thanks for sharing," my wife said before looking at me, knowing my cum from the night before had now been in her and my mother in laws mouth. "I think you can wear it one more time."
"I think I will," she said as she took her bathing suit and headed back inside.
When she came back outside to join us I noticed immediately that my cum stain from the night before was more visible than I had previously thought, but hopefully only if you knew exactly where to look for it. My wife saw it too and winked at me knowing how nervous and excited I was. She would continue to secretly taunt and tease me throughout the day, minimizing our sexual escapades until after the kids were already in bed and the adults were more than a little tipsy.
Things fortunately started to heat up again once her dad got out of the hot tub at the end of the night. Always the first one to bed it gave me a fresh burst of energy to spend alone time with two beautiful women in minimal clothing. The hot tub was tight for four full grown adults so it seemed like everybody immediately felt more relaxed once there were only three of us left in the tub. The jets were rolling and the hot water still felt good with a cooler breeze in the nighttime air. When my wifes mom let out a deep sigh and dropped her head back to look up at the sky my wife began our night. I suddenly felt a toe inside my shorts before it found its place just beneath my cock, gently rubbing against my balls.
Slowly getting hard I felt a tinge of shame at the thought that my wife had once again caught me staring longingly at her moms big chest, now just barely more visible beneath the bubbling water. My wife didn't look at me and as I got harder I slowly justified that I had nothing to feel ashamed of if my wife had taken it upon herself to start teasing or pleasing me after catching me staring again. As I sat up straight to adjust my now hard cock beneath my shorts my wife and her mom coincidentally did the same. The foot momentarily left my lap before I felt a pull at my bathing suit string to loosen my shorts. I took the hint and helped untie them to give my cock room to expand and float freely, believing it would not be noticed beneath the bubbles.
"I could use another martini," my wife declared, "does anybody else want one?" Here was the set up I should have been expecting, I thought. Now that I'm rock hard and my cock's out she's going to ask me to go get us another round. I felt slightly panicked and tried to decide what would be my best course of action when my wifes mom saved me momentarily.
"I don't think I can handle another but I'll get this round." Without asking if I wanted one she got out of the tub and made her way over to the kitchen. The feet had not been on my lap since my shorts were untied and I figured that now was the perfect opportunity for my wife to continue her teasing.
"So?" I said, giving her a look. She looked back at me intrigued.
"So?" she said. "What's up?"
"How are you planning to finish what you started?"
"What do you mean? You already finished once this morning, what do you want to do next?" It didn't feel like she was playing innocent, it felt like it was the first time she was thinking about all the ways we could have fun together tonight.
"You already got me hard and untied my shorts, you can't stop now, I won't let you."
"Is your cock out right now?" my wife said intrigued. "Babe! How long has it been out?"
"Since you stopped rubbing your feet all over it. I've been waiting for you to continue since your mom left!" I whispered excitedly.
"I never rubbed my feet on your cock," she said lifting an eyebrow before leaning over and feeling for me with her hands. "Babe! You're so hard!" she said giggling nervously, starting to stroke me. "Were you jerking off to us?" She was looking me in my eyes now as she rubbed my cock, slowly and deliberately. "I can't believe how bad your cum stain is on my moms bathing suit. Do you think she knows? She's coming back now with our drinks, look at it when she gets in with us. Also, that wasn't my foot," my wife whispered to me before she took her hand off my cock and shifted back towards her place in the hot tub, closer than she was before.
As her mom bent down to give us our drinks I watched her tits bounce around and puff up in the beautiful cleavage of her bathing suit. She got in the tub on the other side of me, also closer than she was before, with a wider gap between her and her daughter. "Mom you got a stain on your shirt," my wife said as she licked her finger and started rubbing my cumstain on her moms chest.
"I know I saw that too, I don't know what it is and I can't get it out," she responded as she likewise licked her finger and rubbed close to where I guessed her nipple would be. It's funny how subconscious our habits are that they both licked their fingers to get them wet while we were in a hot tub. I didn't mind, I could watch them lick and rub together all day, and my wife knew it. If it was my wife or if I had one more drink in me I probably would have said something along the lines of "Oh well, I guess you'll have to take it off then" about the bathing suit, but I wasn't quite that confident about how it would go, so I just sat back and enjoyed the show.
"I guess you'll have to wear a new bathing suit tomorrow now, I have some new ones you could borrow if you'd like," my wife offered.
"I don't think I could wear your bathing suits anymore hun, but thanks for offering. I have plenty of clothes here." I loved listening to women talk about clothes, women sharing clothes, and women trying on clothes. My wife knows this and always does "fashion shows" for me whenever she gets or borrows new clothes. This always lead to us having some fun in them before ultimately give them back to their rightful owners.
At some point during their conversation, after they stopped rubbing my mother in laws chest, someone started rubbing my still hard cock. I was quite confident it was my wife but it was easy for me to imagine it wasn't, especially since it only seemed to happen when my wife's mom was in the tub. The hand obviously felt much better than the foot and I felt more aroused than before now that I was between the two women, closer than ever. "This drink is pretty weak mom, did you taste it?"
"I didn't, is it not good?"
"It's not your best batch, here try it." My wife took her still full martini glass and held it in front of me, less than two feet above my fully erect cock with a comforting hand still sliding up and down around it. My wifes mom leaned over and took a sip from her side while my wife leaned in and joined her from her own side. I watched in awe as the two scantily clad women hovered directly above my rock hard, barely hidden cock with their lips only inches away from each others. "Babe, try this." I eagerly leaned forward and placed my lips inches from my wifes and her mothers while our foreheads lightly touched.
"Grab my moms phone next to you and take a picture of us," my wife instructed making sure I didn't overstay my welcome at the glass. When I moved to grab the phone the girls assumed their proper positions, leading my wifes mom to find her balance by placing her hand on my leg, inches from my pulsing cock. I happily did as commanded and made sure to take my time getting the pictures just right, taking a few for good measure. My mind couldn't stop wandering about the endless possibilities of the position I was now in. If my mother in law moved her fingers just a little bit she could touch my balls. If only I could move her hand for her, or move my balls in her direction. I began hoping the jets would turn off so they could both see how close they were to my big cock and not be able to resist doing more with it.
The hand jerking me off beneath the water never skipped a beat as I could feel myself throbbing with desire. "Let me see. Oh, that's cute. Let's all take a selfie together too!"
My wife put her drink down and slid tight up against me while her mother did the same on my other side. My wife held the phone outstretched in the air, taking her time to get the pictures because she knew I was close to cumming. She made sure that her cleavage and her moms cleavage were clearly visible in the frame and it seemed like her mom was trying hard to make sure she was not outdone by her daughter. They both adjusted their bathing suits, pulling them down slightly before nuzzling closer to me and smiling bright. I put my arms around both women, feeling like a king as my wife took a few pictures. "Let's look at them," my wife said as she held the phone in front of me for all of us to see.
I could not contain myself any longer and struggled to hide the fact that I was now cumming in the hot tub, inches from my mother in law. I could feel my wife getting excited beside me. She made sure to get every last drop of cum from my cock by secretly running her tongue across my neck and my ears and whispering in my ear. "Babe my mom's right there! How could you cum right in front if her like that? I think she knows." I finally stopped cumming just as she put the phone down.
"Alright guys, I think it's time for me to call it a night," her mom said as she leaned over me to give her daughter a kiss goodnight before giving me a kiss goodnight as well, my softening cock still exposed beneath the surface. "Thank you for entertaining me tonight, I'll leave you two alone now. My bed is calling for me and I can't wait to be snuggled up under the sheets." It was at this moment I realized that she got out of the tub unknowingly covered in my cum to go lay down in her bed which was also covered in my cum, all thanks to her own daughter. I took one last look at her tits before she got her towel on, then I turned to face my wife.
"You're going to get us in trouble," I said to her teasingly but appreciative.
"I don't know, I think she'd be flattered if she ever found out," my wife said with a wink and a smile. "Maybe I should tell her tomorrow." Before I could answer my wife kissed me and stood up in the tub. "I'm ready for bed too, will you join me?" As my wife got out I couldn't help but be amazed at how good she looked and how lucky I was. It was my turn to make her feel good and I wasn't going to let her down. She had just given me a lot to be thankful for and a lot to think about to make sure there was enough of a fire between us to last a very long time.