Sometimes I like to wear sexy underwear under my everyday clothes. In the summer, I don't always wear knickers, it's a bit of a game. What am I wearing? An ordinary thong, knickers with pearls that run along my clit, or absolutely nothing? And today, under my jeans and t-shirt, I'm wearing a red bodysuit. It's a light gauze material, it's transparent but that's not the best part. The bodysuit is crotchless and whilst underwired to support by large breasts there are no cups, so my tits are on display. Can you picture it?
I've been feeling horny all day. The seam of my jeans has been rubbing along my slit and I'm wet. When I move my bare nipples rub over the cotton of my t-shirt. My nipples have been tingling, especially when someone stares hard at my chest. My nipples are protruding and you can see the pebbling around my areolas, and with the lack of cups there is plenty of movement when I walk. My tits have received a lot of attention today.
I'm finally home and ready for a release. I go into my bedroom and turn on my computer. Logging on I can see you're not online, so I press the record button on the camera. I will send you the video when I'm finished. The camera looks onto my bed from the side, and I walk around to the opposite side.
In full view of the camera, I am now standing in front of my mirror. I undo my jeans, kick off my flip flops, and slowly peel down my trousers. As they lower, I can see a white smear on the seam, where my pussy juice has settled. I toss my jeans to the side and pull my top over my head. I take the time to admire myself in the mirror. I don't have a perfect body, who does? My body gives me a lot of pleasure so why shouldn't I take the time to appreciate it?
Before I climb onto the bed I open the top drawer of my bedside cabinet. Inside are all my toys, I have quite a collection. I see nothing wrong with using a sex toy. I can sue them when I'm on my own, like now, or when I have a lover with me. Satisfied everything I need is within reach, i climb up on the bed.
I position myself in the middle, facing the camera. I'm kneeling, with my bum resting on my heels. My legs are spread, opening the crotch area of the bodysuit. So now, my pussy is on display and I'm pushing my chest out. When you watch this video, you will see I'm offering myself to you, which I know gets you really excited.
I bring my hands up and cup my breasts. They feel full and heavy after being stimulated all day. I squeeze them together, lifting and kneading them. I take a nipple in each hand and pinch them, they are sensitive and the sensation has me moaning softly. I reach behind me into the open drawer and pull out my favourite nipple clamps. I lick two fingers of one hand and smear my saliva over one of my nipples, making it wet, I give it another little pinch and attach the clamp. The bite is exquisite and I feel my pussy clench. I repeat the action with the other nipple and it's taking all my restraint not to cum.
I look directly into the camera and smile a little, a smile just for you. Reaching into the drawer again, I pull out an 8 inch rubber dildo. It's one of those realistic ones, shaped like a cock, with a thick, shaped head and veins that run down to the balls. It's soft and firm, but not as warm as a real cock. I also pull out a butt plug, it's not as big as the dildo, but when used together? Well, let's just say I can feel my arousal freely flowing.
Turning round, so my back is now facing the camera, I look over my shoulder and place the butt plug in my mouth. I suck on it and lick it getting it nice and wet. I drop down low onto my elbows and knees. My legs spread wide, opening my cheeks, you have the perfect view of my wet pussy and butt hole. I rub the butt plug over the puckered opening, and then slowly push it in. Moaning at the glorious intrusion, the stretching, and the knowledge that'll you'll be wishing it was your cock.
I lift my chest off of the bed, I'm hoping that you'll be able to see my tits from in-between my legs. The weight of them is making them hang down and the nipple clamps are replacing the pinch of your fingers or possibly the bite of your teeth. I run the dildo over my pussy. Up and down, over the opening an over my throbbing clit. I'm smearing my pussy juice all over the rubber. It's nicely lubricated now and I press it against my hole. Pushing it in and out, inch by inch it enters me. It's fully in me now, and if I push hard the balls of it bump against my clit. It feels so good.
Pumping the dildo in and out of my pussy, my tits swinging and rubbing against the bed. I don't care if you can see them now, it's all about the pleasure. Both of my holes are filled, if it was two cocks they would be rubbing against each other. My orgasm is getting closer and closer, my pussy is weeping in pleasure, I thrust harder and harder with the dildo, imagining it's your hard cock.
My orgasm hits hard. I almost crash down onto the bed, but I don't, I keep myself on all fours. I ride out the final throes of my orgasm, my harsh breathing slowing down. I reach behind me and slowly pull out the butt plug, my butt muscles try to cling onto it, but it finally slips free. My butt is now free, so I turn my attention to my pussy. The dildo slips out quite easily, it's so wet. Now you know why I stayed on all fours. I wanted you to see my holes empty, to see the gaping left behind.
I roll over onto my back, push up onto my elbows and looking into the camera lens, I put the dildo into my mouth and suck my juices off of it. Throwing the dildo on the bed, my hand reaches up and unclamps one nipple at a time. As the blood rushes back into them and feel another little clench in my pussy. But I'm sated for now. Getting up from the bed and I walk over to the computer to turn off the camera and send the video to you. The final shot you have is off my tits with red, puffy nipples.
I press send...