When you need a job you'll take almost anything that comes up. Mandy was in her 40's. divorced and looking for a job that would not only pay her bills but also have her meeting other people. After all, she was a sociable person and she didn't want to be sat in an office with just her co-workers as company.
Although Mandy was no spring chicken, she kept herself in shape and prided herself on her appearance. Her shoulder length blonde hair was always kept tidy and she regularly had her nails done, usually in her favourite scarlet red - to match her lipstick. She visited the gym at least 3 times a week and liked to think that she had a good figure.
In fact Mandy would regularly stand in front of her mirror, naked or course to see how she looked. Her 34d boobs still looked good with their pale pink nipples. She had the odd stretch mark, but then she'd given birth to 2 children so that was to be expected. Her legs were toned and shapely, much to be expected given the hours she had invested running on the treadmill in the gym. Regular squat sessions meant that her bum was still firm too. She had taken to shaving her pubic hair off. Mandy didn't know why. Initially she had full pubic hair when she was married. During her divorce she had started to trim it down to a landing strip and in the last 6 months she had taken the plunge and shaved it all off. It was almost liberating and something she enjoyed doing.
Sat with a coffee one morning she had spotted an advert for a train supervisor. The job sounded relatively simple, to work on passenger trains advising passengers and helping out in the buffet car. Given that she wanted to meet people what better job could there be?
Mandy completed the application form online and waited, and waited and waited. Almost giving up on the hope of even getting an interview she was surprised to receive a letter telling her that she was shortlisted for an interview. The interview was to be in 3 days time. Apprehensive but glad that she finally had some good news Mandy prepared for her interview and then the day came. After an hour she had completed her interview and was given the job, starting in a months time. She couldn't have been happier.
Before she started the job there was a short week long training course and a uniform to be fitted. Mandy had never worn a uniform before and was a bit apprehensive not knowing what she may be forced to wear. She needn't have worried, the uniform was nothing more than a white and green neck scarf, a green woolen dress and tan coloured tights - all worn with black court shoes. The dress Mandy thought was a bit figure hugging but that she thought might play to her advantage.
The week long course was good, she met a small group of other women who had also been successful and they all enjoyed a week of play acting the roles of awkward customers, along with dealing with items left on trains and how to deal with general enquiries. It wasn't too taxing but was all part of introducing Mandy to new people and new situations.
Before she knew it Mandy was on her first actual shift the 9.09 train which was a long haul one, visiting more than 20 stations. It was a busy commuter train and was packed. Mandy went through all of the carriages, checking that the customers were OK and dealing with any issues. It was while doing this that Mandy realised that walking up and down was like looking in a sweet shop of men, and the occasional good looking woman. After all, she liked to describe herself as bi-curious as, although she'd never been with a woman it was something that she wanted to experiment with.
Coach C was one that Mandy enjoyed visiting, it was for first class customers. It was a smaller set up than the main carriages but was more spacious and generally used by business people. It was on one of her trips through Coach C that she noticed Jenny, a brunette lady, in her early 30's in a smart dark blue business suit. Mandy had asked if everything was OK and she struck up a conversation with Jenny. She told Mandy that she off to a conference and that she would be getting the last train back. Mandy was intrigued by her. The business suit didn't give much away, especially as the jacket was quite baggy so Mandy couldn't tell what Jenny was like underneath that.
Just as they seemed to be deep in conversation, Mandy was asked to go and help in the buffet car. Damn, thought Mandy I could almost have got her phone number. The buffet car was busy and was stiflingly hot. Having finished helping in there Mandy went to the toilet. Locking the door behind her she removed her tan tights, these didn't help in the heat. She rolled them up and put them in her pocket. Next to be removed was her black lacy thong. Again it was rolled up and tucked into her pocket. A brief stop for a pee and she headed out into the train again.
Now that she had no tights or thong on Mandy felt strangely comfortable and carried on with her work. Coach C was visited again and Mandy saw that Jenny wasn't sat down - maybe she'd gone to the buffet car or maybe she was in the toilet. Mandy carried on through all the other carriages and on her return she saw Jenny again. Coach C was quiet now with just Jenny sat in it. They smiled at each other and chatted. Jenny had a coffee in front of her and as she leaned over to get something out of her bag she caught the cup, knocking it over onto the table. Mandy had a cloth and was able to mop up the spillage. However, as she'd lent over to wipe up the spilt drink she hadn't noticed her thong fall out onto the table.
Jenny picked up the rolled up black underwear. Before Mandy could do anything, Jenny had unrolled the thong.
"Left by a customer or yours Mandy?"
"Erm."
"Come on don't be shy you can tell me."
"Ok, it's mine."
"Very nice. Oh its from Agent Provacateur, very nice. Too nice to be worn when you're working on a train."
"Well, I like to wear nice things and since my divorce I've treated myself to good underwear."
"Does the bra match?"
"Erm, yes it does."
Jenny then moved over in her seat and looked at Mandy's legs.
"Oh you've taken your tights off as well."
"I had to go into the buffet car and it was too hot so I took them off."
"Maybe you hoped you'd get the chance of a sneaky fuck I reckon."
"No, not at all, I'm not some cheap slut."
"Oh I didn't say you were."
Jenny smiled and Mandy noticed her bright blue eyes. The sort of eyes you could dive into.
Jenny looked any Mandy.
"Show me under your dress."
"Pardon?"
"Show me under your dress."
"But the train, its busy and someone may come along."
"Now Mandy, you're supposed to help customers and I want to see under your dress so show me."
Mandy looked round and saw that no one was coming towards the carriage so she started to lift her dress up. Eventually, her shaven pussy was there for Jenny to see.
"Oh my, what a nice pussy you have."
Jenny reached into her hand bag and pulled out a small lipstick. Well Mandy, thought it was a lipstick. Taking the top off of the gold object Jenny pressed the end and it quietly buzzed away. She handed it to Mandy who could now see that it was pocket vibrator.
"What do you want me to do with this?"
"I want you to tease your pussy while I watch."
"You're joking aren't you? I'm new to this job and I'd like to keep it. I've shown you my pussy and I'm not doing anything else."
"Shame."
Mandy handed the small vibrator back to Jenny.
Jenny took off her jacket and now Mandy could see that although slender in build, Jenny had a decent pair of boobs that we under a neat white cotton blouse. Jenny unbuttoned three of her blouse buttons, revealing a white lacy bra and Mandy could see the top of Jenny's dark nipples.
The train was hurtling through the countryside and was between two stations on a long section of track so it wasn't stopping anytime soon.
"Pass me the vibe."
Jenny passed the small pocket vibrator back to Mandy. In the blink of an eye, Mandy had pulled her dress up and was sat on the edge of the table. Jenny had a front row view as Mandy teased the tip of the vibe on her clit, which had started to swell. Jenny opened another of her buttons and then pulled the blouse out of her skirt. Taking it off she sat there in just her bra, which she then swiftly unhooked.
Mandy couldn't believe what she was seeing. Jenny was now topless with her gorgeous boobs on show. They must have been at least a 32C with large, dark nipples that Mandy wished she could lick and tease.
The vibrator buzzed as Mandy worked it on her clit. Jenny played with her boobs, rubbing her nipples and cupping her boobs as she watched Mandy.
Soon Mandy felt that familiar surge and her legs twitched as she came. Jenny was mesmerised by the free sex show.
"Now that's what I call customer service."
Suddenly the intercom on the train went and the train guard asked Mandy to come to the buffet car.
Mandy sighed and handed the vibe back to Jenny.
"You better have this back and your station is the next one."
"Maybe I'll see you on the return journey."
Jenny put her bra and blouse back on as Mandy pulled her dress back down. Walking out of the carriage Mandy thought to herself how good this new job was going to be.