Since this is a tale about Ally, my wife and partner of almost fifty years, I'll not go into details of how it was for me with Roxy. Yes, I learned things I didn't know and yes, I shared them with Ally.
I've asked Ally to remember that night and what happened from her perspective since I wasn't there. She doesn't really write that much, her talents are in other areas of art, so I recorded her side and I have taken what she said and edited it, mostly taking out repetitions and pieces that would require a lot of back story or don't go with the current story. I just left the mic on and we talked. She's not really a story teller but has humored me and given me something to add here. She just told it to me and the mic sat between us.
"OK, the first thing I want to say is this is my husband's thing. (smile) I know he gets some charge out of reading and writing on Literotica but it's not my thing. He's grown more intellectual over the years and for some reason reading and writing about sex will get him going sometimes. And I am sometimes the beneficiary. (big smile)
I've read what he's written already. I am pretty much appalled. (disapproving look) It makes me look like a real slut. There is so much more to our lives. I've gone along with it because of the reason I just said, it's his thing and sometimes I'm the beneficiary, and he's explained to me this forum is pretty much just for guys, and apparently a few girls, to get off. With that in mind I'm humoring him, and hopefully anyone out there who reads this stuff.
Needless to say, we are very tolerant people."
"So. The night he's talking about was a good one for me. I remember it well because it was the first time I made over $500 in tips, counting the panties I sold. It was also the first time I brought extra panties with me just for that purpose. Nowadays I understand girls are making a living off just selling panties on the internet so things haven't changed that much, maybe just the volume." (I gave her big eyes and a hand motion to keep going)
"Ok, Ok, story. As I drove home I do remember thinking 'What are they up to now? Will I find him home?' a couple of times but mostly I was excited about the money. It was a lot of money back then."
"When I got back to the house he wasn't there but Pete was. He had left about the same time I did because it was closing time. I had to do stuff at the locker with Barbara so I had told him I'd just meet him at home. He had almost left a little after Roxy took my husband home but I had convinced him to stay, mostly because he was looking like a little puppy that had lost his bone. I think he was planning on being the one going home with Roxy. He did OK with her later though. Oops, that's probably not something I was supposed to say because we were all there. Oh well." (smirk at me)
"Anyway, I got home and Pete was there smoking a joint in the living room. After I left my bag in the bedroom I went out to see what he thought of the night at Naturals. He was more than enthusiastic, especially about my dancing. I had given him some special attention after I had convinced him to stay but nothing that was out of bounds. Not even a lap dance, but that was mostly because I was making so much money doing other guys. I just focused on him when I was dancing and gave him the treatment I usually saved for the bigger tippers. And chatted with him for a moment after I was done with each set. I didn't want him to feel bad. He was, and still is, a good friend."
"I ended up telling Pete I wasn't sure when you'd be home but I was going to take a shower and go to bed. His puppy dog look came back and I just couldn't leave him. I think I ended up saying something like, 'OK, I said I wouldn't just tease you. Or I said I wouldn't be a tease in this house,' something like that. His look came back to normal and then I wondered what I was going to do with him. I didn't think fucking him would be good because it was so hard on my husband, even though he wasn't my husband yet," (here I cut out a lot because she got so off subject it just doesn't go with the story but wanted to give an idea of what was going through her mind that night. I come back to the transcript when it seems to go with what she's said already)
"So I guess I decided since he'd seen me mastrubate already we could help each other get off. Then I'd go take my shower. Since he'd just told me he thought my being dressed in my normal school clothes and acting so nasty was one of the turn ons, I went back to the bedroom and pulled out another pair of panties. I hadn't bothered to put on any more after selling my last pair at Naturals. I remember thinking if he liked me in my normal clothes then I'd wear my normal panties. So I put on regular white cotton bikini panties."
"I put on some music and teased Pete again like I would at Naturals. Then I went a little further and asked him to show me his cock as I started to finger myself under my panties. He pulled his cock out and it was already hard. I was starting to get turned on. Back then I was almost in a trance sometimes when I got turned on. The stuff that would come out of my mouth! (giggles) I was telling him to look into my fuck hole, all sorts of things. He told me my panties were in the way so I took them off and threw them at his head. He just caught them and started using them to jerk off with. That got me going even more and I ended up on the floor on my back with my legs split in front of Pete just yelling anything that came to my mind and trying to cram three of my fingers inside myself as far as I could. Hmm, just remembering this is getting to me a bit. Maybe I can see why you like to do this..." (another big smile)
"I ended up coming really hard and settling down a bit and then noticed Pete was still hard even though it looked like he had cum too. He still had my panties around his cock and was just staring at me, or at least my hand and cunt." (Here she went off again about the word cunt, blaa blaa blaa so I stopped her)
"OK, OK. The Story!"
"I had an idea and went into the kitchen and got a liqueur glass. The ones we had then were like a shot glass only longer, remember? About four inches. Going back into the living room it gave me another sexual jolt to see Pete there still lightly stroking his cock with my panties. I didn't hesitate. I unzipped my skirt and dropped it to the floor and then lay down in front of him again and spread my legs. I went back to fingering myself and talking nasty and after a minute or two, maybe an orgasm or two, I took the glass and inserted into myself and said I wouldn't fuck him but if he wanted to cum in the glass I'd drink it up and still carry his cum with me. That did it for him. His eyes got huge,he stood up and came again right over my upturned crotch." (a smile and a little laugh here) "Some even got in the glass! I think most of it ended up on my thighs and stomach. When I stood up I remember some was even under my boobs."
"Then I went and took a shower. When I got out my husband, oops, boyfriend, still wasn't back." (Here she actually went on about how it was hard to call me a boyfriend since we'd been married so long, blaa, blaa, blaa)
I included that part, from Ally, so you could know what happened when I wasn't there. It's pretty much just the way I remember her telling me but at the time I was feeling so much from what I'd just been through my memory isn't near that detailed. And I was hoping for collaboration of some sort to carry this on. Like she said, it's not her thing, not going to do it. But I have her "blessing" so here we go...
When Roxy dropped me off and I came back to the house I was feeling a little guilty. I know it sounds crazy but that's what religion can do to you. I'm sure I still carry some around to this day.
I walked in and was surprised to find the house quiet and nobody up. I could smell pot so I knew Pete had been up a little while ago at least.
I went right to the shower since I hadn't at Roxy's and knew I'd have her smell on me. I just hoped Ally was really just waiting for me in bed and staying as she had said. Like I said, guilt.
Ally was dead asleep when I crawled in beside her. This wasn't unusual on the nights after she was at Naturals. It's a good workout dancing over six hours or so.
As I snuggled up to her when I crawled in bed she woke for a moment and asked, "How was it?"
I didn't hear any infliction of accusation in her voice, which was what I was afraid of, and so I answered, "Good. Different, but good," in a neutral tone as well.
She pecked me on the lips and snuggled into me saying, "We'll talk about it later." She was back asleep in a minute or two. I must have stayed awake for hours, at first thinking about what had happened with me and Roxy and then wondering about what had happened when Ally came home and it was just her and Pete. I was a very confused young man.
I didn't work the next day and woke late. I was surprised to find myself alone. I'd expected Ally to be very interested in what Roxy and I had done but instead found a note from her in the kitchen saying she forgot to tell me she had an early piano lesson at her parents house so would see me later in the day. She'd call.
When we finally did get together that afternoon I was a bit anxious. How do you talk to your girlfriend, the person you love, about having sex with another lady? I ended up being surprised at how easy it was.
The first thing Ally wanted to do was to get naked down to my boxers and her panties. We sat on the bed cross legged facing each other. She took my hands in hers just as we had done in discussions earlier. This felt good right off because of the memories of how close we felt in the past after this type of communication. Later we used this set-up as a move into tantric work. I don't think either of us was aware of the idea of tantric at this time. I wasn't.
The details of the discussion are lost on me now but the general idea of how it became easy has stuck with me. I was fearful, and more interested in my point of view, of the physical points of what happened, what we did.
The questions that Ally asked were about what was said, what was felt, and pretty much about the relationship of what happened.
I remarked on how Roxy had pubic hair that was tight curls and thick, like carpet. She asked if I had mentioned it to Roxy? Did I feel like I liked thicker hair around a vagina?
At one point I'm pretty sure she was jealous, or at least went that way a bit. I had told her Roxy was a really good kisser. She wondered what she did that made her "really good?" I couldn't articulate what it was and she began trying different things out, kissing me and then saying "like that?" after each kiss. When I really couldn't pin it down, and I've got to admit just kissing Ally over and over in different ways wasn't something I wanted to stop anyway and told her so, she wasn't too happy but centered herself and we went on.
I distinctly remember at one point Ally had asked a question, I don't remember what it was, but my answer was, "Honey, I only feel that way with you. I love you. That's when I feel that!" She seemed to melt in front of me. With love, relief, I'm not sure now, but the feeling between us and the look and hug she gave me sticks with me a half a century later.
The thing we decided was to ask Pete if he would mind if Roxy came over one night and the four of us 'play around' for a bit. And if Roxy would want to. When Ally first suggested this I said we didn't even need to ask Pete, I knew he'd be on board. She reminded me that communication was key. "What if he's working that night we decide? Or actually has another date?" I told her I'd ask as soon as I saw him, she had better talk to Roxy.
About three weeks later Roxy came over for a dinner and stayed for sex. In the weeks leading up to this night Pete had actually gone on three dates with two different women. He reported he'd even gotten to third base with one and they had Jack and Jill'd each other on a bench that was mostly hidden in a park.
I think as confirmation that things were going to stay the same in our household as long as he continued, the three of us had a night of Ally teasing and blowing. It was definitely easier for me since I'd been with Roxy and I knew Pete was seeing someone else. Separation of sex acts from other parts of feelings was difficult but doable. I was glad of that but, as I told Ally later as we talked about it, "I don't want it to make me numb either." She assured me, and I felt, that what we had was much, much deeper than that and what we had would never become numb. Turns out she was right.
Pete had just gone and brushed his teeth after smoking a cigarette outside and had come into the living room where Roxy, Ally and I were sitting. We had been chatting about something mundane and suddenly Roxy got up, crossed the room to Pete and laid a tonsil swabbing kiss on him. I turned to Ally grinning, "I guess we are going to get started then," and took her in my arms and tried to do the same to her.
When we were finished and parted Ally turned to Roxy and said, "I hear you are a very good kisser."
Roxy looked at me and grinned. She looked back at Pete and said, "How about you big guy. Do you think I'm a good kisser?" She was grinning in a teasing way as she looked at him.
"Well, Yeyeahh!" Pete said and grabbed her for another one.
We both laughed lightly and waited for them to part again.
Both girls were wearing pretty much the same thing we were, shorts and tops. Roxy had a peasant top. Ally a women's t-shirt. Both had shorts that showed the bottom of their ass cheeks a bit. When Roxy parted with Pete after the second kiss she did that move women do crossing their arms and pulling their top off. That's when I realized that Roxy didn't have one thing on that Ally did. A bra.
Of course both Pete and I had seen Roxy at Naturals and I had been in contact with her at her house. But Pete hadn't been close at all when she had bared her breasts earlier. Now he was inches away. She looked over at us and then to Pete. "I hope this is OK with you," she grinned. "I think we are slated to be partners tonight."
"Actually. Now that you mention it," Ally said as she looked each of us in the eye. "I was hoping we might just trade around a bit and see how it feels. I know I'm wanting to try out a couple of things that you seem to excel at." This last was said looking at Roxy.
"And what would that be? I'm glad to know I got good marks! Although I thought a gentleman would never kiss and tell?" Roxy tried to look daggers at me but couldn't hold it for more than a few seconds and then laughed. "Sure Ally. That's what you said we were going to do. Learn trade secrets right?" We all snickered a bit.
I noticed Pete couldn't keep his eyes off Roxy's chest for too long and I noticed that Roxy noticed too. I think she kept talking just to tease Pete. "I've never been in a group that has been like a class or something. This could be fun. Way better than any classes I've had in any school I've gone to. All the other times I've had group sex it's been pretty one on one and just some exchanges going on when there would be a break. Hmm, maybe that's not true." She laughed to herself. "Talking between us will be different too."
I noticed Roxy began using her hands to talk more than I'd ever seen her. It made her breasts bobble around more than if she was just talking. I saw her glance at Pete when she made a downward movement with her hand as she said 'between us' that had her breasts bobbing up and down. She couldn't hold it in any longer and laughed, turning to Pete and shimmied her torso so her breasts swung wildly. She pulled his head down to her chest.
I guess I had been watching the show a bit myself because when I turned back to Ally she had her top off and was just reaching back to undo her bra. I was glad to see she was smiling with mirth, not frowning at me. She threw her bra over to the sofa with her t-shirt and held up her breasts to me. "Are these still OK?" She tried to act shy but with what she was doing it just didn't work. I leaned over and took a nipple in my mouth.
When I was finished going over both of her breasts I pulled back and looked over to see what the other couple were up to. Roxy was just pulling Pete's shirt off. I turned back to Ally and shrugged. We both just began undressing.
When we finished I looked back to Pete and Roxy and found both of them watching us. They still had their shorts on. A big smile spread across Roxy's face as she said, "It looks like we are jumping right in!" She turned to Pete and started to take his shorts off.
I had been a bit hard in anticipation of what I thought was coming but after Roxy seemed to almost laugh I was beginning to soften. Ally noticed and reached over and put her hand around my cock and jerked on it a bit as we watched the other pair.
Pete, of course, had no problem. When Roxy knelt down to remove his boxers Pete's cock almost slapped her in the face as it came free. As it was she was more than happy and gave him a lick from his balls to the tip before she stood up and allowed him to finish taking her panties off. I almost laughed myself as I noticed she had what looked like teddy bears all over her cotton bikini panties.
After Pete has tossed her panties with the rest of everyone's clothing onto the sofa Roxy continued with the light mood saying, "Here we are in our birthday suits! So let's start the party! What's the first game?"
My brain was able to come to life and I responded with, "Since you've been to this type of party before, maybe you should lead us in the first game," and grinned at her.
She grinned right back and said, "OK" as she left Pete and came over to us. I expected her to come to me but she took Ally's hand off of my dick and looked right at her as she said, "You said you were told I'm a good kisser. You be the judge." And bent down to take Ally's head and turn it towards her and lock lips. I could see Roxy's tongue sweeping around inside Ally's mouth.
I'll speak for Pete and say we were both stunned. It was hot, unexpected, and just nasty enough to get me going again without Ally's help.
As soon as the girls separated Ally looked Roxy in the eye, turned to look at me, leaned in and said in a whisper, "Now I know what you mean."
I couldn't help but grin. I asked her, "So. Now you tell me what is different." I could see Ally's mind turning and could also see she wasn't coming up with anything that she could explain either so I said, "Later, if at all. I'm sure after tonight we'll have lots to talk about. Let's just do the things we are going to talk about later now." I looked back to Roxy for confirmation. She didn't disappoint.
Roxy took my hand and led me over to where Pete was standing and told me to stay there. She then took a pillow from the sofa and put it on the floor in front of us. She looked over her shoulder to Ally and said, "You might want to grab a pillow too," and then turned back to us. She started to arrange us side by side then took Ally off across the room where we couldn't hear what they were saying.
I felt weird standing there nude with Pete but I loved just watching them walk across the room naked. Their butts looked great. Their breasts bounced with each step. They both just oozed sexuality.
After a short discussion the girls came back, another great vision, and rearranged us. Pete, they told to sit on the papasan chair. They left me standing and arranged a pillow in front of me and one behind. I wondered what was going on.
Roxy took her place on her knees in front of me and Ally got on her knees in back of me. I was looking from one to the other when Roxy took my cock in her hand, gave it a little tug, and said, "Just keep your balance. You probably want to just focus straight ahead." She then engulfed my dick fully into her throat.
Since I had been with Roxy before and I knew her skills. What I hadn't expected was Ally spreading my ass cheeks and licking there. I was already hard before this started. I was amazed at how fast it was taking me to build up to a finishing point. Roxy pulled back for a moment, smiled up at me and said to me, "You like this?" as she continued to jerk my cock. She then looked behind me at Ally and said, "I think this is the time!" and engulfed me fully again, sucking even harder, I think. I say 'I think' because at that same time Ally didn't just lick my ass, she stuck her tongue into my ass. The feeling was/is unbelievable. Roxy was ready as she had backed off a bit by the time my cum began shooting out of my cock into her mouth. When I looked down I could see she was grinning and trying not to spill my wad. I could barely stand.
Ally was behind me, just about holding me up by my butt, and looked around at me with a grin. "You like that?" she smiled.
"Ohhh, God!!!" I exclaimed.
Roxy knee walked around me and pulled Ally towards her by the back of the neck. She locked lips and obviously put my cum into Ally's mouth. I was looking down to my left as the two girls exchanged a cum swapping kiss. It was hot, but having just cum I was played out. I was barely keeping my balance. I needed to just stand and get my bearings. They didn't give me much time before Roxy said, "Next up!" and looked over at Pete. I stumbled over to sit on the clothes that were on the sofa.
I had a side view of what was to take place next. The girls exchanged positions, Pete being in the middle. Ally looked behind Pete to catch Roxy's eyes and then nodded. Ally glanced over to me, smiled, then took Pete's dick into her mouth. He was already hard so she just sucked him in as far as she could trying to emulate Roxy's blowjob as much as possible I'm sure. She told me later she was just starting to get warmed up to take him deeper each stroke when he exploded into her throat.
From my point of view I saw Roxy just spread his ass cheeks, put her face into the void, and then Ally was spewing cum out of her nose and coughing up cum and spit all over her breasts and thighs. Pete had done it again.
Roxy looked at Ally and began to laugh, then concern was in her voice as she said, "Are you OK?" as she went to Ally and put her arm around her. Ally got her breath back and then stood up with Roxy's help. I stood as well and looked at my girlfriend. With tears in her eyes, cum dripping out of her nose, off her chin, breasts, and down her thighs. She looked like a terrible mess. Beautiful, nasty as hell. I was concerned initially but then began to feel turned on as well.
Wiping the cum and spit off her face to her arm as she walked toward the bathroom she said over her shoulder, "Pete, we've got to get you a regular girl so you don't have so much pressure built up. This is getting to be old!"
Roxy looked questioningly at me and I just grinned and said, "It's happened before, just ask him," as I walked to follow my girlfriend down the hall. I still wanted to make sure she was OK, but I also wanted to get another look at what my beautiful whore looked like.
I caught up with her just as she was turning into the bathroom. I called out, "Hey, Ally!" and she turned around.
I stopped a couple feet from her and looked her over from head to toe. She noticed and lifted her arms saying "You want to look me over?" and then looked down over herself as she licked the cum leaking out of her nose like a snotty nosed kid. She noticed some of the cum from her face and breasts had flowed down to her pubic hair and got caught up there, holding it like a sponge. She reached down and squeegeed the cum with her fingers and brought it to her mouth looking at me as she sucked it off her fingers. She glanced down and saw how hard I was. "You like this don't you?" she said quietly.
"Yeah." was all I could get out.
Ally took my cock in her hand and stroked it. "You like me looking like a whore." She continued to stroke me as she contemplated this. "I guess it fits. A lady on the street and a whore in the bedroom. I can't be a whore if you are the only one I'm fucking." Said as a statement. I nodded in agreement.
She smiled and as she turned back into the bathroom saying, "We can really have fun with this!"
As I watched Ally take a washcloth and wipe herself clean I heard music come on in the living room.
As we reentered the living room it looked like Roxy had been giving Pete a lap dance. Her back was turned to him and she was moving her butt over his crotch. But as soon as she saw us she stood up and I noticed Pete's cock was wet and had slapped up against his stomach when Roxy had moved. She wasn't dancing for him. She had been fucking him! "You're back!" she exclaimed.
I looked at Pete behind her and saw disappointment on his face. I laughed to myself because it was the same look he got when we were fishing and he had fought a fish all the way to the shallows or the side of the boat and had lost it when trying to net or gaff it at the last minute. I'd seen that same look since we were in eighth grade. I had a feeling this time he was going to get 'hooked up' again and would bring it all the way home.
Roxy noticed my look and turned to look at Pete and then back to me. "What?" I asked.
"Oh I don't know...I was just thinking that maybe since Ally is new to the idea of more than one guy at a time I could help sort of break her in?" Roxy raised her eyebrows as she looked Ally in the eyes. "I mean, I'm not sure what you three have done before but Ally did say you all had just gotten into sharing and then took a break for a bit. I'm thinking that not much has been really done, I mean compared to what goes on at some of the parties and things."
We all just looked at each other for a moment and eventually I shrugged and said, "I have no idea what goes on at "parties" (I actually did the two finger quotes as I said this) but what do you have in mind?"
"Wellll..." Roxy looked at all three of us for a moment and then said, "OK, it depends on the party but sometimes with enough people you don't really know who is even fucking you. I mean, I've been blowing a guy while the guy I started fucking that's behind me pulls out and another guys gets in his place. I kept sucking the guy and felt the movements, then felt a larger, longer dick slide into me. It added a whole new dimension to my mental state at the moment. And a lot of what goes on in fucking is in the mind. I didn't look behind me until the guy I was sucking came in my mouth and pulled away. Even then I just raised my ass and took the pounding for a little bit before I looked behind me."
I noticed Ally had unconsciously started to finger herself as she listened to Roxy describe what she had done. Ally's breathing had gotten a little harder too. Roxy didn't miss a thing.
"Sounds good huh?" She said to Ally, smiling.
Ally blushed deeply and pulled her hand away from her pussy. "Yeah, I guess so," she said quietly
"Well then. Let's see. I guess you've been with both of these guys and it doesn't look like there is a lot of difference in their size." While saying this she looked at both our cocks that, while not exactly hard anymore, had still retained some of their stiffness. I mean, we were standing in a room with two beautiful nude women! "So I think we are going to need a blindfold." Roxy looked at Ally and then to me and Pete.
"I've got a sleeping mask that my mom gave me from a flight she took right before we moved in." Pete offered. "We didn't have curtains yet and when I told her I was having trouble sleeping in on my day off she offered it. It works great!" He left to go into his room to retrieve it.
While he was gone Roxy took Ally and had her get on all fours and knelt in front of me and took my cock into her mouth. I was hard almost instantly.
"I guess I'll be the fluffer here," she joked as she took me by the cock and led me to Ally. "You start." Is all she said. I followed orders.
I had just gotten a couple of strokes in when Pete came back with the mask and Roxy took it from him and put it on Ally. She then knelt in front of Pete and took him into her mouth. He didn't take long to get fully hard either. Now she orchestrated the two of us switching on and off telling Ally that sometimes she would switch, sometimes she wouldn't, could she tell who was who?
I was amazed that for a few switches she could. Roxy would say, "Who now?" And for about three or four switches she could tell us accurately.
Then she had more of a problem to even answer and eventually just said, "I don't care. Just keep fucking me whoever you are." I felt pretty good since it was me, but it gave me a jolt to hear her say she didn't care who was fucking her, just keep doing it.
In between slurps I heard Roxy snicker. She motioned for me to pull away and put Pete in my place. Then she went up to Ally and said into her ear, "Ally, you are a whore, aren't you?"
Ally seemed to kick into a higher gear and then breathlessly replied, "Yeah, and it feels good!" She came shortly after that.
After Ally came a second time, I was fucking her then, she led Pete to the front of Ally and raised her head by gently pulling up on her chin. She then took Pete's cock and put it up to Ally's lips. Ally didn't hesitate, just sucked him in.
I had leaned over her to see what Roxy was up to and being this close to what was such a taboo thing, Ally servicing two guys at the same time, I was barely able to hold back coming right then.
I know, I know, she had been servicing us both, I'd seen her with Pete before as well as right now, but just having her do us both at the same time got to me.
Roxy looked up at me and smiled hugely, almost laughing. Still looking at me she said to Ally, "I guess you really are a whore. Here you are sucking a cock, you don't know who's it is, and fucking someone, you don't know who it is. I could probably bring someone in here right now that you don't even know their name and you'd fuck them too."
This seemed to really get to Ally as she let Pete's cock drop from her mouth and let out a cry/scream and came harder than I'd ever seen her. Her cunt clasped on my cock with sucking motions I had only felt with a mouth before. That did it for me and I came inside her, maybe the best ever for me as well.
Roxy didn't miss a beat. She pushed me out of the way and shuffled Pete behind Ally. He looked down at Ally's cunt, now dripping with my cum, and hesitated. I watched from the side as Roxy gave him a 'you've got to be kidding' look and then she dove in and licked Ally clean, sticking her tongue inside and slurping up all the cum she could. She sat back on her haunches and motioned Pete to Ally's now clean cunt. He moved right in.
Ally had continued to cum to different degrees during this whole time. When Roxy was cleaning her up she had gone into a shaking cum again similar to the one that had taken me over the top. When Pete stuck his cock back into her, she let out another small cry and pushed back harder against him.
Once Pete was in rhythm again Roxy turned to me, still on her knees, and pulled me closer and sucked my cock into her mouth and cleaned me off. I was so excited about what I was seeing and hearing I became hard again. Roxy smiled with my cock still in her mouth.
Since Pete had cum earlier he was still able to pound Ally for some time and so Roxy led me to the front of Ally and again raised her chin and put my cock to her lips this time. She again didn't hesitate, just opened her mouth and sucked me in. "You little whore," Roxy said into her ear.
Ally smiled around my cock, dropped it from her mouth as she continued to sway from the pounding she was getting from Pete and said, "If this is what being a whore feels like, sign me up!" and laughed as she opened her mouth again feeling for my cock, finding it, and slurping it back into her mouth.
As Ally sucked me I looked down at Roxy still on her knees beside Ally and I. She was smiling like a mother who was watching her child play in the sandbox with other children. Pride in her smile as well as happiness. I reached over and lightly stroked the top of her head. She looked up at me, her smile growing bigger, and pulled my cock from Ally's mouth, put it in her own for a few sucks, put it back into Ally's mouth, and smiled at me again.
'I could get used to this' I thought.
After a minute or two Roxy again took over and switched Pete and I a couple of times. Eventually Pete came inside Ally and Roxy this time led me behind my girlfriend and I was presented with a dripping cunt, still twitching from her cumming with Pete's release. I hesitated for a moment and then stuck my cock right in the mess that Pete had left. I thought, 'If I'm going to get used to this way of living I've got to get over some more of my squeamish feelings about other people, and their fluids. I was rewarded with a wonderful feeling different than I'd had before, even wetter and warmer than Ally's normal wonderful feel. 'Yep, I could get used to this,' I thought.
Roxy pulled the mask off of Ally as Pete had sat down on the sofa in front and to the side of her and now she would know who was still fucking her. Ally was covered with a light sheen of sweat. As I looked down her back I admired her womanly shape and thought about all the other men who do as well. Poor them! They'd love to be in my place right now, and I'm sure when they looked at her they were, in their imaginations. I pulled back for just a moment and looked at the hole I'd left in Ally's cunt as it slowly started to close and saw a bit of Pete's cum drip onto the carpet below. Drops of fluid, cum and her own, were like dew drops hanging onto the light hairs around the hole. It made me harder and I slammed all the way back into her all at once. She squealed and pushed back harder saying "Yeah, do it to me!" and picking up her pace. In moments I could feel her pulsations as she came which milked another load out of me.
I looked around the room in somewhat of a daze and saw that Pete was looking down at Roxy who was in front of him on her knees sucking him again. With her legs spread wide and her ass pushed out toward me I watched her fingers rubbing her clit and then sliding into herself for a bit and then coming back to rubbing her clit, over and over as her head bobbed up and down. Amazingly Pete seemed to rally again and Roxy got up, turned around to face Ally and I, and reached under her to guide Pete's cock back into herself. She looked up and smiled.
Ally had collapsed on her side onto the carpet but was looking toward the sofa as well. I was on my knees with Ally's legs still awkwardly on either side. Both of us watching Roxy and Pete.
"Hey you two! You look like you are done for the night! You'll never be able to go to a real orgy if that's all you've got!" Roxy laughed as she rode Pete. Looking at me she said, "Come over here and put that cock in my mouth! I'll see if there is a bit of a man left in you!" She smiled challengingly.
I looked at Ally. She didn't turn away from the two on the sofa so I shuffled back so her legs weren't tangled in mine any longer and stood, still looking at my girlfriend. She settled on her stomach with her legs out behind her slightly spread. From my angle I could see all her curves. I was also able to see some of the cum dribbling out of her and the whole area around her crotch was wet with her secretions as well as mine and Pete's. Beautifully slutty.
Roxy and I locked eyes as I walked over to her. My cock was hanging limply in front of me as I approached her. When I got close enough she stopped looking in my eyes and looked down at my cock. She never looked up, just took it in her hand and popped it in her mouth, her tongue swishing around my whole crotch area and cleaning all the moisture up from my recent activity. Looking down and watching her, amazingly I found myself getting a bit stiffer. Not hard by any means, but still a bit stiff. I closed my eyes and leaned back for a moment imagining the times I'd seen Roxy dance at Naturals and the beauty in her face, the face I was now occupying with my dick.
I was startled to feel Ally behind me running her hands up my legs. When she reached the top of my thighs she spread my butt cheeks and again ran her tongue over my asshole. After a few swipes and once sticking her tongue into my ass I found I was actually hard again.
Roxy pulled back from her blowjob and looked at Ally from around my legs. She grinned and held her hand up for a high five. Ally laughed out loud and slapped her hand. At this Roxy laughed too.
Roxy then stood, Pete's dick again slapping against his stomach when she abandoned it, and said to Ally as she motioned to his lap with his dick still standing up, "Would you care for a seat mam?" barely keeping a laugh in.
Ally stood and shifted around Roxy as she grabbed Pete by the cock. She held it up, turning around and angling it to go in and said, "Don't mind if I do, thank you very much," as she giggled, sliding him inside and sitting down.
I still wasn't used to my girlfriend fucking my roommate, especially when we hadn't talked about it before hand, and seeing her happily stuffing him inside her stabbed a bit at my heart. I knew I shouldn't be so weird about it, I now had my cock back in Roxy's mouth, but religious training is hard to overcome. I stared at Ally as she leaned over and seemed to be moving her butt from side to side and around trying to get the best angle of his cock inside her. Just the thought of his cock banging around inside her got to me.
Roxy must have looked up and seen what I was looking at because she lightly bit me until I looked down at her. She then stood up and took my hand, leading me into the hall. I turned around at the doorway looking back at Ally hoping to catch her eye. She was leaning back against Pete with her eyes shut, Pete had taken both her breasts in his hands and was tweaking her nipples.
Roxy asked, "Which one is your room?" as we came to the different doors at the end of the hall past the restroom.
"This is me." I stated as we pushed the door fully open and went in.
Roxy let my hand drop and jumped onto the bed, landing on her back and opening up her arms and legs said, "Come fuck me some more." with a big grin on her face. I obliged.
I almost fell asleep after Roxy had come a few times and I finally blew my wad again. It took me some time before I was able to finally get what I'm sure was just a dribble out. Roxy was happy with that. We laid in each other's arms until I was just about out but awoke fully as I felt Roxy get up.
"I think it might be time for me to go." She said simply as she left the room.
I went into the living room behind Roxy. She was gathering up her clothes and putting them on. Ally was laying on the sofa watching, by herself. Pete was gone, presumably into his room. I approached Ally. She hadn't moved since we had come into the living room. She was still laying with her back to the sofa, one leg lying along the sofa the other propped up, knee bent. Her crotch was wide open. All the light hair of her pubic area was covered in cum. There was still some cum filling up the slight valley of her slit. She gave me a tired smile.
Roxy, now dressed, came over to us and looking between Ally and myself said, "I think you two need to find another couple to play with. It's never going to be right if Ally is just with the two of you. We just scratched the surface tonight. There is a LOT more out there you would find interesting and stimulating." She pulled Ally to her feet. She turned to me and gave me a quick, but good, tongue lashing kiss. She turned to Ally and gave her the same, but much longer and as she pulled back she was sucking on Ally's tongue. "Good night," was the last she said as she let herself out.
Ally and I talked for a long time about Roxy's visit. I told her about my anguish, my thrills, my finding her the most wonderful person I have ever been around. I was still totally in love. She felt the same way, and was sorry for my anguish, but we both knew it was from my upbringing.
Over the next few weeks Pete brought two different girls to the house for an overnight stay with him, and did date them both at least a couple times a week.
Ally seemed to think Pete had his emotions under control because on a couple different occasions gave us both blowjobs before bed, and once asked me if she could "go to Pete's room and give him a surprise fuck," which I said OK to and sat in my bed imagining what details I was missing as I could barely hear them from my room. She came back and wanted to immediately fuck me, which she did. "I don't know why, but it thrills me, makes me feel sooo nasy, like a real whore, when I have the cum of both of you in me," she said while riding on top of me. It gave something to me too. She seemed like a different woman when she was so wet and open. And I love to see her happy.
Within a month after Roxy's visit, Ally asked if I did want to find another couple or two to explore with. I was interested so I told her so. She agreed and said on her next night dancing at Naturals she'd ask around.