(Writers Note: Let's imagine for a moment that all those endings to "February Sucks" ended happily okay maybe not, having read most, but not all of these types of stories I thought I would write about a strong couple in a "Wife meets her Idol" type of story It seems most writers have focused on how the original story ended badly for everyone, but let's just imagine if Mr's Smith is the target of an ex American Football player it might end differently. This just a bit of fun from my point of view. One last thing, this story is not a RAAC story nor is it a BTB story, it's probably something in between.)
(Writers Disclaimer: In this story there are instances of Sharing and Swinging and Unwilling Cuckoldry. They are simply tools for this story nothing more. On a personal level I believe "Swinging" and "Sharing" and "Cuckoldry" willing or non willing, should not be part of any marriage, just my personal view. Of course if you object to this view stop reading now. Also a spoiler alert the two main characters are not in this lifestyle.)
Mrs. Smith meets her Idol.
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
(Introduction: The night/morning before)
My wife and I are a bit drunk, we have gone out to a nightclub near us and we are having a very good time, we have danced, we have drunk champagne and we have had sex outside in the carpark. I know its not the sort of thing 40 year olds should do, but what the hell.
Carrie, my wife, looked gorgeous in her little red dress, it showed off her slim toned body, her height made her toned legs very noticeable, my wife has very long legs, and the cut of the dress showed off her modest cleavage. With her wearing high heeled shoes and her long blonde hair hanging down her back she was very noticeable.
My wife is tall for woman, approximately 6ft, I'm 6ft 3inches. I'm well built, not huge but bulky. We both made people look at us, one of those reasons is Carrie is a very good dancer, by that I mean she can sway and keep rhythm with any song, she is also a very sexy dancer.
Many times over the years we have been told to get a room while on the dancefloor. Tonight was no exception, Carrie pressed against me, rubbed my cock with her hands and was rubbing her arse against me while I stroked her vagina and rubbed her nipples. Twice bouncers came over to us and told us to stop dancing, we did get a round of applause as we left the dancefloor to get some drinks from the bar to cool off a bit.
While my back was turned several men wanted to dance with Carrie, but she turned them down. One particular obnoxious arsehole kept pestering Carrie until she finally had enough and grabbed his arm swung him around and shoved him against the bar. She put her knee in the middle of his back and with his face pushed down on the bar said into his ear,
"I said no, twice, if you ask again I will break your arm and damage your knee, I don't care if I get arrested it will be worth it...now fuck off..."
With that she let him go, he fell to the floor groaning, the two friends he was with picked him up and apologised then walked away.
I turned around and smiled at my wife, she gave a "what" look. We then drank our drinks, I took my wife's hand and we walked out of the club. When got outside Carrie ran to our car leaned back against the bonnet and pulled up her dress and slipped off her knickers she then opened her legs almost "Basic Instinct" style.
I didn't need a second invitation, my cock was rock hard and soon I was pounding inside my wife's very wet vagina, I slipped her dress down and kissed her perky breasts licking her rock hard nipples, soon we were both gasping in pleasure.
"Yes, Gary fuck me, it feels so good...that's it just there...yes Gary...yes my husband oh yes that's it...."
Soon she was soaking my trousers with her juices, as her muscles tightened on my cock I shot deep inside her vagina. I collapsed over her and she wrapped her arms and legs around me pulling me into her body and milking my cock at the same time.
Eventually we came down from our orgasm induced high. We tidied ourselves up as best we could got into the car and drove home, I probably shouldn't have drove home, but we got home safely. As soon as we got in the house our clothes came off and we showered together bringing each other off before heading to the bed where we leisurely made love and then fell asleep in each others arms.
We woke up to a message from a friend of ours Shelly, apparently she had invited us and some other friends to an ex American Football players restaurant/nightclub apparently he wanted to meet Carrie and was happy to give a signature on a photo. The text said something about meeting up at 7.30pm this evening and dress to impress.
We turned to each other, I spoke first, "What do you think? Are you up to meeting a famous ex American Football player?" I said with a certain amount of amusement.
She frowned at me, "Of course I want to meet him, well you know I have been watching his games and it might be fun meeting him."
"Okay if you are sure, but remember he might not be what you imagine." I said kissing her on the lips.
We climbed out of bed and showered again and then spent the day doing the housework and catching up on our part time jobs. Soon the evening arrived and we got ready, we both dressed to impress. We got a taxi to the restaurant.
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
(The Evening)
My wife and I were sat watching our friends dance and drink an eat, we were in a very posh restaurant owned by an ex American Football star. My wife Carrie knew more about him than I did, as we are both English we haven't watched a great deal of American Football but apparently this ex player was a "Linebacker" back in the day, and apparently very successful, but that doesn't really mean anything to me.
This ex player's name is Leroy Jenkins and looking at him as he walked around the establishment he was certainly intimidating, he was easily 6ft 4inches tall and once was probably muscled too but now he was just, BIG, I mean tall, broad shouldered and a large body, some people would say he has let himself go.
But he trades on his name and his money, he also had a winning smile that seemed to charm a lot of women, it also helped that he is rich, in fact rumor has it he has enjoyed many women, mostly married or so the rumors are many women young and not so young, single and not single women have enjoyed his company as for him having sex with them? Well again that might be just rumors these women never told their stories, most likely they were paid off.
Like everyone else we have heard he has broken up at least 5 marriages and that he was named in the divorce proceedings by the husbands if everyone. My wife and I were invited here to the restaurant by Leroy himself, through Shelly and her husband Dave, and our other friends were also invited, apparently, Shelly, a friend of about 5 years sent Leroy a photo of my wife in a strappy top and shorts, the photo was taken on a recent holiday to Greece, Shelly pretended to be my wife and sent the photo and asked Leroy for a signature over the photo.
Carrie was surprised by Shelly doing this but saw no harm in it, especially as his signature is worth a small fortune. So far we haven't seen the signature or the photo. But Shelly apparently says Leroy will deliver the photo personally to my wife some time tonight.
Before I go any further with the night's events, a little bit more of background about us, my wife and I are both in our 40's but most people think we are in our 30's due to how we look, my wife is tall for a woman, 6ft to be exact. She is slim with a toned body, with small but very perky breasts. we both go to the gym and we both run and train together.
My wife is blond, slim and toned, this of course gets her noticed especially as we both have English accents, I am also tall, 6ft 3inches and I too am toned, but with a bit more bulk than my wife.
So imagine my wife in a long black evening dress that hugs her body, high heeled shoe's that make her even taller and a cultured English accent, tonight these things have made people notice her, but she is used to getting noticed, but in the ten years we have been married I have never had any doubts about her being faithful.
Maybe one of those reasons I trust her is that everyone we know calls her the "Ice Queen." We go out with our friends to nightclubs and bars and even once or twice went to a couple of strip joints.
But wherever we go, we are a couple, Carrie dances with me or one of our trusted friends, she declines all invites from strangers. If we don't know them she doesn't dance with them. We do go to company parties, my wife works for a an Insurance company as a PA to a Director, while I work as a manager in a car parts warehouse. We do mingle and engage in social interaction, but honestly we prefer our own company and those friends we are close to.
As couple's go we are both attractive and we both get hit on, even our reputations of being somewhat cold and stand offish doesn't seem to stop people asking us for dates or dances with them. We don't have any children, by mutual choice, even though our parents and family think we should have had them by now.
Our sex life is varied and we try to keep things interesting, we often go for short weekend holidays just to have sex somewhere different, we have been caught a few times while having sex in various places, we are not really exhibitionistic but Carrie is not shy about showing off her figure in a bikini on a beach, and in Europe and Britain if the weather is good enough she often goes topless, but let's be honest every other woman does it so her not going topless would make her more obvious.
We also from time to time role play, nothing out of the ordinary just the usual thing, for instance being picked up by a stranger, no we have never allowed anyone else in our games, and at anytime either of us is uncomfortable with the surroundings we stop, the role playing is strictly just us. Neither of us has any interest in having sex with anyone else.
We both satisfy each other completely and if anything is not working we change it, we discuss any problems that might arise, yes we argue or discuss things, but we never stay angry or upset for long. As someone once said, "Never go to sleep angry."
One other important point that only a very few people know is that my wife and I are part time "Bounty Hunters" we occasionally get asked to find and capture various criminal's that the Police don't have the time or recourses to use, I will also say we were both in the employment of the British Secret service, yes we are trained in firearms and unarmed combat.
Of course no one knows this except the British Government and of course the higher reaches of the Police. Even then only very few of them. We specialized in "strike back" operations, basically we got revenge on anyone who damaged the government in any way shape or form. That is how we met, we have been a team since then. We are both very loyal to each other and betrayal is not something we would ever consider.
So that is the background on my wife and I, we are ex British special forces, we are bounty hunters, and we are very happily married. Shelly, and her husband Dave want us here, the photo is bait, but they want some of our other friends here as well, but most importantly, we realise that Leroy wants my wife here. Yes my wife and I know it's a set up, but we are between "jobs" at the moment so we have decided to see what happens tonight.
Yes we do know why we are here, a few months ago Carrie mentioned to Dave she enjoyed watching some games of American football on TV, the programmes showed highlights of Leroy's winning games and how he helped his team win. Carrie also said she would like one day to talk to someone from the sport and maybe have a go at it, just for fun of course
Obviously this conversation was not forgotten by Dave or Shelly, one thing, my wife and I know about Dave and Shelly is that they are Swingers, not everyone is aware of this, and we suspect but can't prove that Dave has gone through many wives and girlfriends of people who either work for his company or people he knows, but as far as we know it was always consensual.
Carrie and I both know that Dave would love a go at my wife if the opportunity arose and Shelly would also like a night with Carrie or me or both, Shelly goes both ways, something that helps Dave with his conquests.
Shelly is a good looking woman, curves in all the right places, she is cute, fun, flirty and can be a good friend, she and Dave have never overtly propositioned us but it is out there if we ever wanted to Swap or Swing, something Carrie and I would never do.
Dave is handsome in his own way, he is as people say tall, dark and handsome, and he has a smile that seems to win over women and to disarm men, he certainly knows how to flatter women and he also knows how to seduce them.
He has done it to many wives and single women alike, we are not sure why Shelly puts up with him, well maybe because he is a CEO of a large manufacturing company. Shelly wants for nothing and she lets him do what he wants to do, and she often gets the benefits and gets a shot at the women he seduces.
Don't misunderstand us, we do not judge their lifestyle or what they do in their marriage as long as it doesn't affect us we tend to ignore what they do after all if they knew that Carrie and I were trained assassins they might not be friends with us either.
Shelly works part time as a teacher, to our knowledge she has never had sexual relationships with any students, teachers, yes students no.
The other friends around the table were people we met through Dave and Shelly, over the years we have been to various parties with them at their house and ours, and for the most part the couples have warmed to us, even if we have not always warmed to them, but we are friends with them but just a bit guarded.
Steven and Caroline Johnson, a couple in their 30's work in Dave's company, Caroline is an attractive woman, medium height, medium build with long brown hair and a cute smile, she works as an accountant for Dave. Steven is a short slightly overweight man, nice enough but definitely someone who likes being told what to do, he works in the postal service part of Dave's company.
Dave has almost certainly had sex with Caroline at some point and probably with Steven's consent, or maybe not, once again it is only rumors, Steven has never confirmed or denied it, but we think Dave and Caroline get together fairly often.
Finally our last couple, Janet and Simon Harris, a cute young couple, they are in their early twenties, married 5 years, childhood sweethearts and enjoying life away from their parents, unfortunately they both work for Dave, Janet is a slim woman with very long legs, she has long blond hair and blues eyes to match, she matches my wife's height and in fact she and my wife are good friends and often they will go running together if I can't make it for some reason.
Simon is a slim almost thin tall young man who is very intelligent but doesn't have much common sense and doesn't have much confidence in himself, as far as I know Dave hasn't had sex with Janet yet, but Simon has told me that Dave has suggested going out with him and Shelly to a holiday resort. Carrie and I can only imagine what sort of "resort" it might be.
So far Simon has stood firm and said no, mainly because Carrie convinced Janet to stay away from Dave and Shelly, at least on a personal basis, and I have been trying to give Simon some backbone, trouble is he works for Dave as a computer programmer and he and Janet depend on the money Dave gives them, I have a feeling Dave might put pressure on Simon or offer some kind of incentive.
Okay so that's the background to tonight, Dave and Leroy haven't made any overt moves yet, except they have both kept the drinks flowing. Every time a glass is empty it is filled again, and yes we are drinking Champagne, not one of the best, but still nice, Janet looks like she is getting drunk very quickly and Simon looks like he is about to pass out.
Caroline is definitely getting lively and she has dragged her husband onto the dancefloor, and is happily dirty dancing with him while looking at Dave, Carrie and I are just slowly sipping our Champagne, we are also watching the glasses.
I have noticed Shelly watching us drink slowly, but she hasn't mentioned it to her husband. Dave eventually stopped looking at Caroline and focused on Janet. She was starting to look glass eyed. My wife nudged me, I nodded and stood up and walked over to Janet.
"Janet would you like a dance?" I said holding out my hand.
Janet looked at me then glanced at Simon, then slowly looked at my wife,
"Umm, Carrie is this okay?" she asked slowly trying not to slurr her words.
Once again my wife nodded, Janet took my hand and leant against me as I lead her to the dancefloor. I briefly turned around and saw Leroy heading towards our table and my wife, but I knew she could handle herself.
My focus was on Janet, she was hardly standing up and had both arms around my neck holding herself up. I could see David watching Leroy approach my wife and I could see Shelly's face start to look uncertain, maybe she was having second thoughts.
I walked Janet over to the ladies toilet and went inside. There were a couple of women doing their make-up in front of the mirrors. They looked shocked seeing me with this woman draped over me.
"Ladies, sorry to interrupt, I just wanted somewhere safe for my friend to sober up." I said moving to a spare basin.
They just looked at me as I splashed water on Janet's face and then went to a drinking fountain and got Janet to drink some water. Once they saw I was really trying to help Janet they both came over and helped me.
They were both in their early twenties and wearing evening dresses. They both had figures that you knew they worked hard at. One of the women had blonde hair the other had black hair.
The blonde haired woman spoke first, "I'm Sandra, that's Emma, sorry for not jumping to help you, but we figured you were taking advantage of her what's your friends name?"
"Thank you Sandra, this is Janet, and she is a friend who is a little worse for ware, if you could look after her until she sobers up a little bit, I would be grateful, my name is Gary, and you both might want to stay in here for a while, if I am right there will be some excitement in the building."
Emma looked at me and smiled, "Wow, nice accent, and you look really fit are you single?"
"Sorry Emma, I am very much married, but thank you for the compliment." I smiled too and with one last look at Janet, who was starting to look around and focus on her surroundings I walked back to our table.
Dave immediately walked up to me, "What have you done with Janet?" he looked perturbed.
"She is sleeping off the Champagne you were forcing down her throat, she is with some friends." I stood in front of him with my arms crossed stopping him from getting past me.
He tried side stepping me but I again moved with him.
"Gary, move, there is no need for you to get hurt, you are about to watch your wife get picked up and fucked by Leroy, and I am going to fuck Janet and you can have my wife, she is a good fuck, most of the time."
I looked behind him and saw my wife holding Leroy's arm in the middle of his shoulders, in fact, his arm seemed to be pointing at a strange angle, its one of her signature moves, and even someone as big as Leroy can be manhandled using the proper leverage.
The dancing had stopped and the guests of the restaurant were picking up their coats and bags and making their way towards the exits. The bouncers and security staff had realised what might happen and were opening the fire exit doors, they obviously didn't want to get involved and soon it was just Shelly who looked, gobsmacked, and Dave and of course a passed out Simon.
Caroline was just stood there looking shocked at how my wife had man handled the man mountain, and finally Caroline's husband, who just looked confused and seemed to have no idea what was going on.
"Dave, let me put you straight on a couple of things, first of all, my wife is not going to fuck you or anyone else especially not you, and definitely not that man mountain who my wife seems to be handling perfectly well."
I stepped past Dave and walked towards our table and checked on Simon, he was fast asleep but otherwise unhurt. I walked up to my wife and kissed her on the lips, she kissed me back. She was still putting pressure on Leroy's damaged arm.
"So, Leroy how does it feel to have the tables turned, yes my wife likes how you used to play American Football, but wow you have let yourself go. Anyway in case you didn't know, my wife is not going to trade her body for your signature, and no she is not going home with you and let you fuck up another marriage."
I then turned to Dave, "Dave, I don't care how many women you fuck, I don't care how many women your wife fucks after you finish with them, I don't care about your lifestyle, the only way it matters to me is if your lifestyle clashes with my lifestyle, you set all this up just to fuck a young woman and my wife, well neither of those things are going to happen."
At that point Carrie stood up and let Leroy go, he groaned as he tried to move his arm, he staggered back a few steps and tried to sit on a table, but the table collapsed under his weight. At the same time Dave launched himself at me, I simply swayed away from his charge and as he passed tripped him up he ended up crashing into some chairs.
Shelly ran over to him and helped him up, but she didn't look happy.
"Look, Gary, Carrie, it seems my husband and I have made a big mistake, we have massively underestimated both of you and your feelings, I admit I went along with Dave because he promised me a shot at you while Leroy and Dave fucked Janet and Carrie, we didn't realise you would figure it out and stop it so forcefully."
At that point Emma and Sandra came out of the toilet, they were helping Janet but she looked alert and focused. She walked up to Dave and slapped him so hard around the face he fell over. She then went to her husband and smiled and said, "He isn't very good at handling his drink is he?"
She then turned to me hugged me and kissed my cheek,"Gary, you are a true English gentleman, and your wife is lucky to have you. Carrie? This one is a keeper, don't let him get away."
Carrie walked over and hugged her, "Don't worry my dear he is not going anywhere, right my love?"
"Of course my love, now let's wrap this night up, Leroy, when you get up you will not try to follow us or get revenge on me or my wife, if you try you will regret it, that is not a threat it is a promise."
I Looked directly into his eyes as I said it he blinked first and nodded. Two of his bouncers helped him up and he was about to say something, but he stopped and with help walked away to his office.
I turned to Janet, "It's just a suggestion but I would find another job, working with Dave might be difficult from now on."
Sandra spoke up, "Gary, its fine she can work with us, her husband too. We have a real estate business and we are looking for more staff and from what Janet has told us they are exactly what we want."
Janet looked at me as if asking permission, "Janet, its up to you, but get to know Sandra and Emma first then make your choice."
I Looked at Caroline and her husband,
"Caroline, what you do in your marriage is none of my business but I suggest you stop fucking Dave and focus on your marriage, Steven? Its your choice but I if I was you I would grow a backbone and stop taking orders from your wife, if you want a cheating slut for a wife good luck, otherwise I know a good divorce lawyer who will help you get divorced."
Finally I looked at Shelly, "As with the others its your choice, but if you really want to be happy in your life get rid of Dave, you are worth more than a cheating scumbag like him. And who knows you might find someone you really care for."
Dave looked outraged and was about to lunge at me, but Shelly grabbed his arm and slapped him around the face.
"He's right, Dave, goodbye I will accept the number that Gary has for that lawyer. Our marriage has been over for a long time, thank you Gary I don't deserve your friendship but I hope we can still be friends."
With that she walked out of the restaurant and called a taxi.
I gave a card to Steven and Caroline sat down in chair and started crying. I'm not sure why maybe because her easy life was over. Steven stood up straightened his clothes and with one glance at his wife started walking away when he got to the door he turned and said,
"Like Shelly said our marriage has also been over for sometime, I'm going home now you can come with me and we can to live together and maybe reconnect or not, but either way I will also contact the lawyer on this card."
He turned and walked away, a few seconds later a very humbled Caroline walked quickly after him. Dave was just looking stunned by the turn of events. He had lost his wife, lost four staff and lost any chance of fucking Janet or my wife. I also suspect he will be in trouble with Leroy. He sagged onto a chair picked up a bottle of champagne and started drinking from it.
Carrie had contacted a taxi firm and it was on its way. I helped Simon up and half carried him to the door of the restaurant Carrie and Janet walked out first without a backward glance. The taxi was waiting for us, my wife and Janet climbed in and I helped lift Simon into the taxi and then turned around and from the doorway said to Dave,
"Dave, do not personally contact Janet or Caroline or Steven or Simon, and only give Shelly what she wants. Give your ex staff glowing references and make sure they get everything they are owed. And think about your life, if you try and contact your ex employees and if you don't give Shelly what she wants I will find you and make your life a living hell. This is a friendly warning, you have no idea what my wife and I are capable of or who we know. Goodbye Dave."
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
Epilogue: So, Janet and Simon did get jobs with Emma and Sandra who ended up being good friends, they also were married to each other, no they never hit on Janet or my wife. They came out drinking and dancing with us and were good fun but only danced with each other which of course got some attention. Janet and Carrie are definitely friends for life, my wife is showing Janet some hand to hand combat moves and Janet is enjoying it.
I have been working to help Simon build up himself both in mind and body, and Janet is certainly enjoying the more bulked up and confident husband.
Dave didn't contest Shelly's divorce request, and he was generous with her settlement, he is still going through lots of women, but he is single and he has told me through mutual friends that he only goes after single women, well that was true until he fucked a wife of an important gang member, apparently his demise was slow and painful, no he isn't dead but he has lost all his good looks and the ability to use is dick.
Shelly disappeared for three months on a trip somewhere no one quite knows where, but when she came back she was a changed person, and we as a group actually liked the new Shelly.
She started coming out with us but didn't drink alcohol and only danced with people she knew or knew to be single, yes she still hooked up with the occasional single woman, but mostly it was single men she danced with but she got to know them first before going home with them, and strangely she looked to me for approval when men and women asked her on dates or just a dance Also she wanted to work again so she ended up working with Emma and Sandra as PA, no she didn't do anything personal with either of them.
Steven did divorce Caroline but a year later they started dating each other again, it seems they are a made for each other. But as far as we know Caroline has stayed faithful and Steven is much more assertive than before. Rumor has it he sowed a lot of wild oats before accepting a date with Caroline again. Caroline has asked if she can join us in our evenings out, so far everyone has said maybe, but not yet.
Okay, in the case of Leroy my wife and I took steps. Various amounts of drugs were found in the restaurants office, also lots of evidence was found to show Leroy and his staff coerced and in some cases blackmailed wives and girlfriends into spending the night with him. Also in the same raid evidence was found of him not paying the write amount of tax.
Apparently things got a bit heated and Leroy and some of his staff had a pitched battle with the Police, obviously they lost. His restaurant was shut down and sold off and his bank accounts were frozen and all his property was either sold off or given away to goodwill.
He himself was locked up for a very long time, at least he would have been except a group of men found out where he was and with a bit of help beat the crap out of him, there is speculation it was the husbands and boyfriends getting revenge, but they all have perfect alibis. Leroy did not recover from his beating.
Last but not least, my wife and I are still very happily married, we still once in a while disappear without telling anyone to do our part time jobs, and we go on holiday just to be on our own. Our sex life is still varied and fun and yes we both still get hit on and yes my wife is still not shy about letting people see her body in the right circumstances, but we both know how to handle any situation that occurs.
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
(Writers note: Okay this is a little different for me, there are subjects in this story readers won't like and I'm sure I will be told about which characters should have died horrible deaths. Sorry to disappoint anyone. If you have read this far or just skipped to the end thank you.)