Disclaimer: This story is entirely fictional and any similarities to real events are purely coincidental. Please do not share or repost this story anywhere without my permission.
****
October 1st, 2021
In the early hours of a cool autumn morning, the faint sounds of buzzing and moans emanated from Brie Larson's bedroom as she lay naked in bed, her phone in one hand and a small vibrator in the other. She pointed the phone down between her legs, giving the camera a good view of the vibrator working against her clit as she watched her boyfriend masturbate on the other end of the call.
"Mmm, yes... Fuck... Stroke that fucking cock for me," she said between shallow breaths.
"Yes... It's so fucking hard for you," answered Elijah, her boyfriend of three years. "Show me how fucking wet it's making you." She angled the camera down further, giving a clearer view of her pussy, practically soaking as she rubbed the vibrator harder against her clit. The sight of it drove him crazy, just so perfectly pink and glistening and trimmed just the way he liked it with a thin landing strip. "God, I miss that fucking pussy so bad."
"And I miss that... mmm... that hard cock filling me up."
These dirty Facetime calls had become a vital part of their regular routine in recent months as Brie was living in England filmingThe Marvelsand Elijah was back at their home in Los Angeles working on a documentary. It had been a couple of months now since either had seen each other and the massive scale of a Marvel film shoot meant Brie would still be stuck in England for a while longer.
"God, I need it so bad... ahhh... I need that fucking cock inside me. I need to feel you... ramming it in this wet fucking pussy." While these calls were no substitute for the real thing, Brie was still fond of some rather aggressive dirty talk and knew it drove him wild even with her half the world away. He couldn't get enough of it and loved how her demands only seemed to get filthier as their time apart grew longer, Brie clearly growing hornier with each passing day on her own. "Yes... ugh... take that fucking cock and slam it deep in my cunt."
She started picking up the pace, rubbing the vibrator quickly around her clit, gyrating her hips in a circular motion to match it. The sounds of her pussy's wetness splashing against the vibrator started to become audible through the phone.
"Uhhhh... ahhhh... fuck, fuck, fuck..." He could tell she was getting close when her dirty demands subsided and gave way to pure grunts of pleasure. Suddenly his view through the phone grew quite shaky as she started losing control, her entire body starting to tense up. She finally gave in and dropped the phone down onto her stomach, her muscular abs on full display as her whole body began to flex and strain. As her toes began to curl, she let out a scream that came through loud and clear on the phone.
"UGGGGGHHH! FUCKKKKKKK! AAHHHHHHHHHH!" Elijah could only imagine how she looked as the waves of orgasm shot through her body, the wetness of her pussy now dripping down into the bedsheets. As he listened to her screams and smiled, he could feel himself getting closer. After taking a moment to collect herself, a huge smile came across Brie's face as she picked up the phone and switched the camera to point back at her.
"Happy birthday to me indeed," she said with a big laugh as she watched him jerk off with increasing intensity.
"I've got... mmph... I've got another gift coming for you."
"Oh yeah?" she asked with a devilish smile.
"Fuck yeah."
"Where do you want to put it?"
"Show me those fucking tits."
She could now hear the sounds of his stroking through the phone as his cock was slick with pre-cum. She tilted her phone down and used her arms to push her boobs together. In spite of the fitness regime and weight loss that her Marvel roles required of her, her breasts had miraculously remained large and full, with tiny pink nipples that Elijah was particularly fond of.
"You want it on these tits?" she asked.
"Fuck yes."
"They'd look so good with that cock between them."
"Yes... yes."
"Pumping up and down with these big tits wrapped around it." She started shaking lightly, making them jiggle up and down.
"Yes..."
"You want to cum all over these tits?"
"YES!'
"Fucking cum for me babe, cum for these tits!"
"YES. YES. yes..." His voice trailed off and his breath grew short as he shifted to slow, deep strokes and thick white globs of cum started shooting out of his cock onto his stomach.
"FUCK YES!" Brie shouted excitedly. "Oh my god, that's so much!"
"I've been saving up," he said with a laugh between strained breaths, switching the camera to look back towards him. "I couldn't give you just a few drops on your Birthday, so I didn't jerk off for a few days."
"Now that's an incredible gift," she said with a lustful grin. "Wish I could help take care of that mess."
"Yeah, the Kleenex doesn't clean it up quite as well as your tongue usually does."
"Fuck. I miss it so much."
"I miss you too."
"God, I'm going crazy over here. I swear I have dick withdrawal or something, I'm so desperate for it."
"A dick addict, huh?"
"I need my fix," she said with a laugh. "Don't you?"
"Of dick?"
"Yes, of dick," she said curtly. "No, don't you miss my vagina?"
"Of course," he answered, "But I don't know, it's pretty hot watching you too."
"Oh yeah?"
"Fuck yeah. It's fun seeing how you get yourself off. I like seeing all the things you have to use as substitutes," he said, referring to the various different sex toys Brie had purchased on the trip as she got increasingly horny.
"Well maybe that's good enough for you," she said with a laugh, "But I need that fucking dick and I need it soon."
"Well, I think the wait will seem much shorter than you think."
"Yeah, we're over the hump I guess."
"It'll be no time before you have it back," he said with an odd smile. She didn't quite know what to make of it, but her train of thought was interrupted as her alarm went off.
"Oh fuck off," she said to her phone as she snoozed it. "Can't a girl just watch her man jerk off over the phone in peace anymore?"
"When's your call time?"
"Too fucking early, same as every day. I swear, this shoot is never going to end."
"Maybe they'll let you wrap early for your birthday."
"God, I hope so." She checked the clock and reluctantly started to rise out of bed. "And since you got me all hot and bothered and soaked in sweat and god knows what else, now I have to shower before my driver picks me up, so I should go soon."
"Okay, but try and have fun today! I know you hate working on your birthday but there might just be some surprises coming later."
"Ooh," she said as she got up and walked towards the bathroom, "what kind of surprises?"
"They wouldn't be surprised if I told you. But just don't go to bed too early, I may or may not have something coming for you."
"How ever will I live in this anticipation?"
"Jessie was also asking me for your address so I think she might be sending something too," he added, referring to actress Jessie Ennis, her longtime best friend.
"Oh god, what's she gonna do this time?" she asked as she turned on the shower.
"She wouldn't tell me a thing."
"Well her surprises are never boring at least," she said, thinking back over the many birthdays she'd spent with Jessie, each of Jessie's surprises more outrageous than the last, some of which Brie wasn't even sure were legal.
"That's for sure."
"Okay, shower time. Love you, babe."
"Love you too. I'll call you when you're done."
"Okay. Bye," she said as she blew a kiss at the phone, setting it down on the counter. As she stepped into the shower and felt the water pour down onto her, naked and alone in a cold, rented house 5000 miles from home, a twinge of loneliness suddenly hit her.Fuck, I need some dick,she thought.
****
14 hours later
As another grueling shoot day came to a close (she'd gladly trade the cake they gave her at lunch for an early wrap), Brie slumped down in the back of her driver's car as he drove her back to her rental house. London traffic always made the rides home a lengthy affair, so she scrolled on her phone, swiping through a barrage of birthday messages she'd received all through the day. Remembering that Elijah said he would call, she sent him a text letting him know that she wrapped. The message instantly came back with an error, saying he could not be reached. Confused, she tried sending it again a few times with no luck. It was not uncommon for his shoots to take him to some locations where he didn't get phone service, but she didn't expect him to be unreachable at this hour. She figured she would try again at home and went back to answering some of the other well wishes.
As the car finally pulled up to the house 30 minutes later, she saw a package sticking out of the mailbox. It was clearly a bit too large and the mail carrier had tried to force it in with no luck. Yanking it out of the box, she laughed, seeing the package from her friend Jessie was addressed to one "Anita Dick." Jessie always used fake names when sending packages to Brie so as to not give away the address of a celebrity, and Brie was always amused by her creative naming abilities.
Taking the package into the house, Brie already felt exhausted and ready to crash but remembered she had promised to stay up for whatever surprise Elijah had planned for her. Deciding that she would at least be comfortable if she had to stay awake, she went to the bedroom and changed into her usual at-home attire: a Calvin Klein sports bra, sweatpants, no underwear, hair in a ponytail, and bare feet. It was not the most glamorous of looks, but it's what she would wear constantly if she had the option.
Going back out to the living room, she sat down on the couch and opened the package from Jessie. Inside, she found another smaller box that was gift-wrapped along with a note.Call me before you open it, it read. She grabbed her phone and called Jessie on Facetime.
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY, BITCH!" Jessie yelled the second she picked it up, leaping up from her couch.
"Thanks, boo," Brie answered, sounding a little less enthused.
"No, nuh-uh, not allowed to be tired already. I may not be there to party with you but it's your birthday and I'm damn well gonna make sure you have some fun!"
"Thanks," Brie laughed, "It was just a long shoot day." She pointed the camera down at her body. "As you can see, I've decided to forgo my party attire and skip right to my finest sweats."
"Oh shut up, you know your tits look amazing in sports bras."
"You said it, not me," Brie answered with a cheeky grin.
"And look at those abs, Jesus Christ."
"Well, Marvel won't give me my birthday off but at least they pay for a good trainer."
"Okay, okay, open it up. I can't wait any longer." Brie unwrapped the ribbon and started tearing off the wrapping paper, only to find another laying of wrapping underneath. "Sorry, it's well secured. You have no idea what I had to do to get this shipped over there." Several layers of paper and packing tape later, Brie finally got to the box at the centre and opened the lid.
"YOU DIDN'T!" she gasped.
"YOU BET YOUR SWEET ASS I DID!" Jessie yelled back, sticking her mouth right up to the camera. Out of the box, Brie pulled a small bag of marijuana and several joints pre-rolled in bright pink paper.
"You're a fucking saint. You have no idea how shit the weed is here, it's like 90% tobacco."
"Don't ever say I don't know you better than anyone. I always knowexactlywhat you need."
"A-fucking-men, sister," Brie answered as she popped one of the joints between her lips and grabbed a lighter off the table. On the phone, she saw Jessie grab a matching pink joint and they both lit them and touched them to their phones to say "cheers." Taking a deep drag on it, Brie held the smoke in her lungs before letting out a long exhale. "Oh yeah, that's the taste of home right there." She grabbed another joint and tucked it into her bra for later.
"Hurry up and finish this fucking movie so we can do this together again. I hate that we're so far apart on your birthday. I don't think I've missed one of your birthdays since that time you were filming that movie in Canada."
"Yeah, but you more than made up for it the next year," Brie laughed, remembering the pool party Jessie had thrown her for her 22nd birthday that came complete with a visit from some "cops" investigating noise complaints, before stripping down to the cheers of all their girlfriends and ending the night with the strippers coaxing them all into a moonlit skinny dip.
"Oh my god, remember that Mexican one with the tattoo? He had like the biggest dick I've ever seen," Jessie said.
"Oh, I remember it all too well."
"No, SHUT UP! I thought you hooked up with the black one?"
"Well..." Brie answered, her lips curling into a smile.
"You fucking slut!" Jessie screamed before falling back laughing.
"Hey, aren't you the one that blew the tall ginger one in the hot tub in front of everybody?"
"Hey now, at least I blow onlyonestripper per night like a lady of class."
"Didn't you also make out with Sarah that night?"
"Doesn't count, she's a girl!" The two started giggling uncontrollably, the potent combination of weed and fond memories making them short on breath.
"God, we had fun when we were young," Brie said as her laughter finally started to trail off.
"Bitch, you are still young and you can still have fun!"
"Maybe, but it's been a long time since I've hadthatkind of fun."
"Is this a good time to tell you there's a second part to my present?" Brie sat up, caught off guard.
"Oh no, what did you do?"
"Shhhh, just sit tight," Jessie answered as she momentarily turned her camera off to type something into her phone. Brie heard a text-sent sound and Jessie came back on screen. "You're gonna love it."
"What the fuck did you do?" Brie asked again, a little more nervous now.
"Just wait! They'll be there soon."
"Who is 'they'?" she asked, again more concerned. Jessie just smiled at her and wiggled her eyebrows up and down. "Jessie, I'm in a committed relationship, I can not be having strippers show up at my door."
"Oh don't worry, they're not strippers," Jessie said with an even bigger smile. Suddenly there was a ring at Brie's doorbell. Brie, caught off guard, looked intensely at the phone.
"Jessie, promise me that is not strippers at my door!"
"I promise!"
"Okay, I'm trusting you," Brie said as she got up and headed over to the door. Opening it up, she found two tall black men standing before her in long coats.
"Happy birthday, love," the one on the left said as they both pulled the coats open, revealing their naked, muscular bodies underneath.
"FUCKKK MEEEE," Brie screamed as she slammed the door on them. "WHAT THE FUCK, JESSIE?! YOU SAID THEY WEREN'T STRIPPERS!" Jessie fell back laughing again.
"They... they... they aren't," she said between stifled giggles.
"Well they sure as fuck look like strippers!"
"Well, they technically aren't because I hired them to do more than strip..." Jessie said, giving an over-dramatic wink-wink to the camera. Brie stood silent for a moment, putting the pieces together.
"Jessie," she said, whispering into the phone now, "did you hire fucking gigolos for my birthday?"
"Girl, it's 2021, they prefer the term 'sex worker' now."
"Jessie, what the fuck?!"
"Don't act like you haven't been telling me for weeks about how much you need some dick!"
"Yeah, I needAdick, my boyfriend's dick."
"Yeah, but is his dick as nice as theirs?"
"His dick is perfectly fine, thank you!"
"Girl, come on, I know your type. I know you must be aliiiiiitlecurious."
Brie knew that Jessie wasn't wrong about knowing her type. Over their many years of friendship, they had many discussions about their fantasies and fetishes and Brie's attraction to black men, particularly of the muscular and well-hung variety, was well documented. In their younger, wilder days, when they would spend most nights out at clubs or parties, she had witnessed Brie going home with more men than she could count, but it was always after she came back from a night with a black man that she had the wildest stories to gush about.
"Jessie, I am IN A RELATIONSHIP!"
"Like that's stopped you before!"
Jessie again had her caught. While Brie had always been faithful to Elijah, she wasn't quite so courteous with past boyfriends in her younger days, and Jessie had on more than a few occasions witnessed Brie fall victim to the charms of men who were packing where her partners were lacking.
"Yeah, but I was young and dumb and horny and fucking stupid back then."
"Yeah, but you had some great sex."
"I'm having great sex with Elijah."
"You're having great sex with your vibrator. You need the real thing, Boo, it's been months."
"I could get caught though!"
"Bitch, when you were engaged to Alex, we fucked those two college basketball players IN THE BED YOU SHARED WITH HIM EVERY NIGHT. If you weren't afraid of getting caught there, I don't see why you're afraid of being caught in another fucking continent."
"Look, I am tired and I am fucking high and there are naked fucking men outside my door and it's just a lot to take in all at once!"
"At least give them a proper look!"
"A proper look?"
"Just see what they're packing! Look, I paid a lot to get those guys for the night. The least you can do is take a look."
"A look?"
"A look."
"Just a little look?"
"The littlest look. Nothing wrong with that. You're in Europe, babe, they get naked everywhere."
"I'm in England, not the South of France."
"Just think of it like when you're at a nude beach and all of a sudden 'Oops, there's a dick!' Nothing illicit if it justhappensto be there and your eyeshappento be pointed in that direction." Brie just stared into the phone for a moment, thinking.
"Okay." She cracked open the door the tiniest amount and peeked her head out. The two men still stood there, penises hanging out, confused by the situation.
"Evenin'" one of them said to her with a nod.
"Hey there," she answered back, trying her best to respond as if there weren't two huge naked in front of her. Her eyes darted back between their faces and quickly down their bodies before returning upwards. Both of their penises were impressive, long and thick and well-groomed. She bit her lip and began to feel a slight tingle between her legs. "I'll be right back," she said, again slamming the doors quickly.
"Well?" asked Jessie.
"Fuck, they're so big."
"I know they're big! I wasn't going to hire any chumps, I made sure to get pictures beforehand."
"They're bigger than Elijah."
"I know."
"Wait, how do you know?"
"Girl, you've kissed and told enough times for me to know that Elijah is good but notthatgood."
"I like his dick."
"I'm sure you do, but I bet you're gonnareallylike theirs." Brie paused again, a million things racing through her mind.
"Maybe," she said finally.
"MAYBE?" Jessie yelled out excitedly.
"Maybe."
"GET SOME DICK, GIRLIE" Jessie chanted as she held the phone close to her face. Brie paced back and forth by the door. She grabbed the joint she had stashed in her bra and lit it, taking a long, deep drag to calm herself. She looked through the peephole of the door and got another quick glance at their impressive appendages.
"Fuck. Okay."
"OKAY?"
"Okay."
"YAAAAAASSSS BITCH," Jessie screamed.
"Okay, I'll call you back--"
"Don't you dare hang up on me! I paid good money for this, I expect a show!"
"You're fucking crazy!" Brie said as she opened the door again to find the two men still standing there. "Hello again," she said with a smile, attempting to seem more courteous after their previous awkward interactions.
"We heard it's someone's birthday..." said the one on the left.
"...and we've got a couple presents for you," said the other as he grabbed his dick and gave it a playful tug. Brie put on a chipper smile and gritted her teeth as her heart pounded.
"Why don't you gentlemen come inside?"
"We thought you'd never ask," the one on the left answered as they stepped inside.
"Can I take your--" Brie asked before seeing they had already removed their coats and set them on the table, now standing before her totally naked.
"Point the camera!" shouted Jessie through the phone, "Let me see!"
"Well hello there," said the one on the left looking at the phone.
"Hiiiiiiiii, I'm Jessie, we met on the phone earlier," she said as if this were a totally mundane introduction.
"Aye, quite a good friend she is," he said to Brie, "getting you a gift like this."
"Oh, it's a treat for me too," Jessie answered. "Point the camera closer, I want to get a good look!" Brie tilted the camera down and zoomed in on their crotches. "Fuck, those look worth every penny," Jessie said, starting to feel a tingling between her own legs now. Brie also now took a moment to really examine them. The one on the left was taller and leaner, but still well built, his cock long and uncircumcised with some light bushy pubic hair. The other was shorter but more muscular, his body covered in tattoos and completely waxed, his penis equally impressive.
"Looks like someone likes what she sees," said the shorter one, motioning towards Brie. She looked down and noticed her hard nipples pointing out of her sports bra and a visible wet patch forming in her sweatpants.
"Oh god," she muttered.Already,she thought,It really has been too long.
"Aye, can we take a hit of that?" the taller one said, pointing to the joint that Brie had somehow forgotten was hanging between her lips.
"Oh! Yes, yes, of course," she stammered, passing to him. They both took a drag before passing it back to her. She took a couple of quick puffs. "So, what can I call you gentlemen?" She quickly cut them off before they could answer. "You know what, no names is probably better."
"Well don't worry, we definitely already know your name," said the shorter one with a laugh.
Ah shit,Brie thought, hoping in delusion that Jessie had somehow hired two escorts that had never heard of her.
"Why don't you make yourself comfortable, love," the taller one said, motioning towards the couch. Brie smiled and went towards the couch, and immediately the two sat down on either side of her, sliding up close.
"Wait, wait, I can't see!" yelled Jessie. Brie took her phone and set it on the coffee table in front of the couch, leaning up against some books. A huge smile came over Jessie's face as she now had a clear of Brie sandwiched between the two men, both of them starting to stroke their cocks.God, this is so fucking hot,she thought to herself. The taller man wrapped his other arm around Brie and brought his face close to hers.
"Why don't you give it a touch, love, it won't bite," he said as his penis began to grow harder. Wide-eyed, Brie shifted her gaze from him to his penis and then to the phone. Jessie nodded excitedly. With a sigh, Brie reached over and grabbed hold of his cock, immediately taken aback by how thick it was.
Oh myyyyyy goooodddddd,she thought and started stroking it slowly. Jessie could see the stain on Brie's pants growing larger.
"Like how it feels?"
"Maybe," Brie answered coyly after a pause.
"Maybe?" asked the shorter one. "Why don't you give this one a feel then, maybe it'll be more to your liking." Brie turned and smiled to him and grabbed him with her other hand. She began to slowly stroke both of them off, feeling them quickly grow rock hard.
"Fuck yes," Jessie said through the phone. She leaned back on her couch as her hand wandered down into her waistband, turned on by the events playing on her screen.
"Mind if we give you a feel too?" the tall one said to Brie, "Those tits look cracking." Brie bit her lip and silently nodded. He reached over and gave each one a hearty squeeze, Brie letting out a quick breath as his fingers rubbed across her nipples. As he continued fondling her, the shorter one pulled her face to his and planted a kiss on her. A huge smile came across her face and she started to kiss back. Between the making out and the hands touching her body and the penises in each of her hands and Jessie watching through the phone, there was so much stimulation overwhelming her that all her nervousness and guilt dissipated, giving in to the moment.
"I bet that mouth can do a few other tricks, can't it?" the shorter one asked. Brie bit her lip again and gave an enthusiastic nod. He got up on his knees on the couch so that his penis was at face level and she took a moment just to admire it.God, I missed cock,she thought to herself as her face went forward and she wrapped her lips around it.
"SUCK THAT DICK!" Jessie cheered through the phone, her fingers now buried between her legs. His penis was far bigger than what Brie had become used to with Elijah, but she started bobbing her head up and down as best as she could, her pussy now dripping with excitement. The tall one shifted his hands from her chest and started moving them downwards, pushing into her waistband. Brie let out an excited yelp, cut off by the penis in her mouth, as she felt his fingers tracing the lips of her pussy.
He could immediately feel how wet she already was, but she only started getting more soaked by the minute as he began rubbing his fingers around her clit. She started moaning and the shorter one smiled, feeling the vibrations of her mouth on his cock. He grabbed her ponytail and started guiding her mouth, picking up the pace of her sucking. Although she considered herself pretty great at blowjobs, Brie wasn't particularly adept at deep-throating, especially not with someone this size, and quickly began to gag as he picked up the pace. Letting her off for a moment to catch her breath, all she could say was, "Wow."
"You gonna keep her all to yourself or you gonna share the love?" asked the taller one, pulling his hand out from her pants. She looked over at him and smiled.
"I guess I have to be fair since you both brought me such nice big birthday presents," she answered. Instead of turning towards him, she got off the couch and motioned for them to slide closer together. As they did, she got down on her knees on the floor in between them.
"Hey, I can't see anything!" protested Jessie through the phone. "Let me peak!" Brie laughed and picked up the phone, moving it over to a side table that gave her an unobstructed view.
"Now that we're so friendly with one another, love, I don't think you need to keep yourself all covered up."
"Hmmm, I think you're right," Brie said with a grin, reaching down and pulling up her sports bra.
"Fuckin' hell," the shorter one said as her boobs popped out with a satisfying bounce. He leaned forward to give them a squeeze.
"I get that a lot," she said with a smile as she reached forward and gripped both of their penises again.
"The Captain's Marvels!" Jessie yelled through the phone, making Brie laugh. "The best tits in Hollywood and I'll fight anyone who says otherwise!"
"No argument from me," the tall one added. Brie dipped down and took his penis into her mouth. "Fuck!" was all he could answer in return. She went like that for a few minutes, bobbing her head up and down on one of them while she jerked the other, taking her mouth off with a loud pop and switching to the other. Jessie continued watching through the phone, envious of her friend. Brie made sure to savour every inch of her first cocks in months, sucking them as deep as she could, kissing the heads and circling her tongue around them, licking up and down the bottoms of their shafts. After a lifetime spent with the cut cocks of men in the U.S., she was particularly fond of how most men in the U.K. were uncircumcised and had fun tonguing her way inside their foreskins.
"How do they taste, Boo?" Jessie asked.
"So fucking good," Brie said as her mouth quickly popped off.
"Better than that little white dick you've got at home?" Jessie responded teasingly, reminding Brie for the first time in a while of Elijah.
"Maybe," she said with a grin as her mouth went back to work.
"She's a woman of refined taste!" Jessie said to the men as they laughed. "Don't forget their balls!" she added.
"Aye," the short one said to Jessie, "Why don't you come over here and help her? You seem to know all the right things to do."
"Fuck, don't tempt me with a good time," Jessie said as she smiled at him, starting to rub her pussy faster. Brie took her friend's advice and shifted down lower, taking their balls into her mouth and sucking hard on them while she stroked their shafts. Their cocks were fully wet now between her saliva and their pre-cum and her hands were making easy work of gliding up and down them.
"I want to see their asses too!" Jessie demanded through the phone. Brie laughed at her friend suddenly acting like the director of her own private porno and wondered if this gift was as much for Jessie as it was for her. Brie stood the men up and got them to turn around. She grabbed the phone off the table and brought it close to them, putting her face up next to their asses and smiling for the camera. Although she could appreciate the male buttocks as much as anyone, she knew Jessie was particularly fond of a guy with a well-toned butt, and both the men before her fit the bill. "Oh fuck," Jessie said, "they're hauling cabooses." Brie laughed. Their butts were indeed a tad bit more bubbly than Elijah's typical flat white-guy ass. "Give them a kiss!" Jessie said, again taking control of the action. Brie planted a kiss on both of their cheeks and smiled for the camera. "Come on girl, give them arealkiss," Jessie responded with an exaggerated wink.
"Oh no," Brie said, "I don't dothatwith guys I just met. I don't even dothatwith Elijah."
"Bitch, don't act like I didn't see you doing it to that surf instructor when we went to Cancun for spring break!"
"That was different!" Brie shouted back. "That Molly you brought on that trip was crazy strong."
"Girl, you haven't fucked since July, that's stronger than drugs."
"Okay, okay, but I'm only doing this for you, you filthy weirdo!" Brie said as she set the phone back on the table. She leaned forward and pushed her tongue between the tall one's cheeks, running her it up along his crack.
"Oh fuckin' hell," he yelped, "I wasn't fucking expecting that from her."
"They build 'em different in America," the other added with a laugh as she gave him a quick lick too.
"Happy?" she said, looking back to Jessie.
"Mmm, good enough for now..." Jessie answered, hoping for a little more. Always down for a bit of anal exploration, she knew she'd be exploring down there a little longer if she was in Brie's place.
"I think it's about time we treat the lady," the tall one said, "seeing as it's her birthday."
"I think you're right," the shorter one added. He stood her up next to him and pulled her in for a deep kiss, loving the feeling of her large boobs squeezed against his chest. The tall one came behind her and wrapped his hands into the waistband of her pants, slowly peeling them down and revealing her toned ass.
"Someone doesn't skip squat day," he said as he gave it a playful spank. Brie let out a yelp with her tongue still in the other's mouth and pulled her feet up out of the pants. He tossed them to the side and kneeled down behind her, burying his face into her ass. She immediately started letting out moans as his tongue traced its way up from pussy to her asshole. She finally broke off her kiss from the shorter one.
"Jessie, I fucking love you and don't you ever forget it," she said with a huge smile, reaching back and grabbing the tall one's head and pushing him deeper in.
"Love you too, Boo," Jessie responded, sliding her own clothes off now to get full access to her pussy, her boobs on full display for them on the screen.
"Aye, those are pretty fuckin' ace too," the shorter one said, looking at Jessie. She immediately blushed and felt herself getting wetter. He turned back to Brie and started kissing her neck and made his way down to her chest, sucking on her nipples as she moaned in pleasure. He continued down her abs until he was kneeling down in front of her. With an enthusiastic smile, he leaned in and started licking her pussy.
"Oh FUCK yes," Brie shouted, now with a man on either end of her, tongues attacking her pussy and asshole. She grabbed onto both their heads for balance and started moving her hips, matching the flicks of their tongues.
God, this is fucking unreal,Jessie thought, reaching into her drawer and pulling out a vibrator. Brie smiled as she heard a buzzing start to come through the phone.
"Enjoying the show?" Brie asked, winking at the camera.
"I paid for it and I'm gonna get my money's worth!" Jessie answered, waving her vibrator at the camera before pushing it down between her legs.
For a few minutes the talking subsided, the sounds of moans taking over. The shorter man was particularly skilled at cunnilingus and Brie was enjoying every movement his tongue made. He buried his mouth between her lips, sucking at her clit and running his tongue in circles around it, his nose rubbing against her pubic hair. He started making vibrations with his mouth at perfect intervals and Brie's body began to glisten with sweat. The man behind her was not letting up either, grabbing a tight hold of her cheeks and spreading her ass so that he could bury his tongue deeper within her, probing her hole at a faster and faster pace. Her breathing grew more laboured and she could start to feel her legs growing weak. She grabbed onto their shoulders and tried to keep herself upright.
"Uhhhh... ohhhh.... Yesssss," is all she could let out as her exhales quickly cut off each moan. "I'm gonna... I'm gonna..." her voice kept getting quieter, struggling to get her words out. Suddenly the man in front noticed her abs starting to flex and grabbed hold of her hips, keeping her held upright. A look of intense pleasure came over her face as her mouth opened wide and her eyes rolled back. She stayed silent for a moment before a loud gasp came out and her body began shaking. The man behind her also grabbed her torso now and held her upright as the orgasm shot through her body and her knees gave out. Not used to cumming while standing up, Brie was surprised to see her wetness now dripping down onto the floor below her.
"Jesus Christ," she said between heavy breaths. She looked over at her phone and saw Jessie's own face contorting in pleasure, coming down from her own orgasm. "I think this might be the best gift you've ever gotten for me."
"Well if I'd known you'd be that pleased this early," Jessie responded, "I wouldn't have paid for them for the whole night."
"The whole night?" Brie asked, looking towards the men below her with a raised eyebrow.
"The whole night." The shorter one answered, standing up and pulling her in for a kiss. She could taste her own pussy on his tongue and was turned on by the sensation. The tall one stood up as well and started kissing the back of her neck and reaching around to grab her tits.
"Well there's a whole lot of other things we could get up to in that amount of time," Brie said as she broke off the kiss.
"I like the sound of that," answered the tall one. She turned around and started making out with him as his hands wandered down and gave her ass another squeeze. Suddenly he lifted her up and Brie let out a surprised yelp before wrapping her legs around him to stay aloft. She could just feel his erection resting against the outside of her pussy and the feeling drove her wild as they continued to make out ravenously.
The shorter one went over to where they had left their coats and pulled a roll of condoms out of a pocket. Coming back over to Brie, he shook them at her and she broke off the kiss with a big smile.
"Shall we take those to the bedroom?" she asked, motioning over to a door down the hall.
"We thought you'd never ask," the tall one said, starting to carry her over.
"Wait, wait, don't forget me!" Jessie shouted through the phone. The shorter one grabbed it as they headed for the bedroom.
As they made their way to the bed, the tall one set Brie down on the sheets, looming over her and continuing to make out. The short one set the phone on the dresser and angled it so that Jessie had a clear view of the bed. He tore a condom off the roll and threw it over to the man leaning over Brie. He finally pulled away from their kiss to open the packet and slide the condom over his penis.
"You ready for your big birthday surprise, love?"
"Fuck yes," she said, grinning ear to ear. He grabbed her legs and spread them wide apart and guided his cock towards her pussy. With how wet she already was, it had no problem sliding in despite its massive size and Brie's eyes immediately rolled back.
"Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck," she moaned deeply, instantly taken aback.
"I know that sound," Jessie said through the phone, "that means she really loves it."
He grabbed onto her ankles and started slowly pumping in and out and Brie could immediately feel her entire body getting hot and sweaty.This won't take long,she thought as his pace quickly increased, the slickness of her pussy making it hard not to go faster. The shorter man just stood at the foot of the bed, watching and smiling as he stroked his cock, waiting patiently for his turn. In spite of the great sex life she had with Elijah, she had forgotten what it felt like to be so thoroughly filled up, and she was instantly reminded of why she used to love getting fucked by well-hung black men.I really need to cheat more often,she thought between moans.
"Uhh- uhh- uhh- uhh," she moaned as he pulled her legs up, placing them up on his shoulders. He turned and gave her foot a brief kiss.
"You like this, love?"
"Yeahhhh... uhhh... fuck yeah, baby," she answered and he picked up his pace again, now drilling against her as the bed began to squeak beneath her. Her boobs bounced up and down with each thrust and she reached up to grab them, rubbing her thumbs against her nipples.
"How... how does it feel, Boo?" Jessie asked from the phone, her voice clearly strained as she got herself off along with Brie.
"I... love it... uhhh- I love his... love his big fucking black cock," she answered, her mouth wide open now, caught between a smile and a gasp. The tall man spread her legs again and leaned down, pushing her hands aside and squeezing her boobs himself as he made out with her. The sounds of her moaning become mumbles as he buried his tongue in her mouth.
"Mmmmmm- Mmmmm- Mmmm- Mmmm- Mmm," was all Jessie could hear, Brie's breath growing more strained each time he rammed his cock inside her. Brie wrapped her legs tight around his waist and reached her arms around him, grabbing hard onto his asscheeks and pushing him deeper into her. "FUCK- FUCK- FUCK- FUCK," she started yelling as he finally broke off their kiss.
"Yes girl... mmm... take that big cock," Jessie cheered. The tall man reached down and grabbed her shoulders, pinning her down against the bed as hard as he could, keeping her steady as he began drilling into her will all the power he had, the room now filled with the sounds of their skin slapping together, his balls hitting hard against her ass with each thrust. Brie closed her eyes as her face contorted and her mouth grew wide, no longer able to even make out words.
"UHHHHH- UHHHHH- UHHHHH- UHHHHH-"
"You gonna cum for us, love?" the man fucking her asked. She nodded quickly, unable to give him a verbal response. "You gonna cum for this big black cock?" he added. She nodded again. After a few more seconds of hard thrusting, he felt her pussy begin to contract around his cock and Brie's whole body began to shake. On the other end of the phone, Jessie rubbed her vibrator quickly against her clit, building to her own climax.
"FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHH" Brie screamed, hormones shooting through every fiber of her body as the orgasm washed over her. The man kept pounding into her with the stamina of a true professional, clearly able to hold out until she was ready for him to finish.
"Ohhhhhh... Ohhh.... Ohh..." Brie's exclamations grew quieter as she came down from the high and he slowed his thrusts. She pulled him in again and kissed him passionately, enjoying the feeling of his hard cock just resting inside her.
"Well, that was a tempting show," the shorter man said, his eyes wide from watching Brie's intense climax. "Can't say I'm not ready for my turn." Brie broke off her kiss with the tall one and sat up on the bed. She put out her finger and beckoned him over with a naughty smile.
"Oh don't worry, I'm far from done," she said. He walked over to the other side of the bed and leaned down to give Brie a kiss. She grabbed his cock and stroked it while they made out before leaning down and taking it in her mouth, coaxing him back to full hardness. He tore a condom out of the packet and handed it down to her. She slid it over the tip and then took him back in her mouth, using her lips to stretch the condom down his shaft.
"Aye, she's a right fucking pro," he said, taken aback by the gesture.
"You're gonna love her mate, she's real tight," added the other.
"Don't forget who taught you how to do that!" Jessie yelled through the phone. Brie laughed.
"Oh, I don't think I'll ever forgetthatnight," Brie answered, eyebrows raised as she looked over to the phone. She turned back to the shorter man. "How do you want me?"
"I wouldn't mind getting a better look at that bum," he said, grabbing her hips and turning her around. She bent over and popped her ass into the air, wiggling it a bit so her cheeks jiggled for him. As a girl who spent most of her life severely lacking in the ass department, Brie's favourite part of her new exercise regime was finally growing a booty that made onlookers drool and she never got tired of showing it off. He took each cheek in his hands and gave them a lustful squeeze, spreading them apart and getting a perfect view of her asshole and pussy. "Now that's a fucking invitation," he said, putting a leg up onto the bed and guiding his cock to her pussy.
"Oh fuck yeah," she moaned out as she felt him slide into her, and he wasted no time in starting to thrust in and out.
"Fuckin' hell, you weren't kidding about her being tight," he said to the other man. He quickly built up to a good pace and was mesmerized by the sight of her ass jiggling with each thrust.
"Spank her ass!" Jessie directed through the phone. He gave her left cheek a hard slap and Brie cried out in delight.
"What did I ever do to deserve a gift like this?" Brie said with a smile, staring at the taller man as the short one fucked her. He grabbed onto her hips and started pounding harder into her.
"Oh- Oh- Oh- Oh-" she murmured as he spanked her other ass cheek, burying her face down into the sheets. On the other end of the phone, Jessie slid a finger into her pussy and began thrusting as well, matching their pace.
"Use that mouth, girl!" Jessie instructed. Brie looked back up to the tall man standing on the other side of the bed, stroking his cock as he watched her get fucked. He smiled and climbed up onto the bed, sitting up on his knees so that his cock was at the perfect level. Brie slid the condom off and tossed it aside, taking him into her mouth. She began to bob her head up and down in time with the shorter man's thrust into her.
"Mmmph- mmmph- mmmph-" she uttered in a rhythmic fashion, all she could verbalize with a mouth full of cock.
"YES, THAT'S MY GIRL!" Jessie cheered as she fingered herself frantically and watched her friend get drilled from both ends. Brie gave him everything she had with her mouth, wrapping her hands around his shaft, stroking and twisting in time with her mouth, sticking her tongue out to tease his frenulum, moaning over the head each time she felt the other man's cock thrust into her pussy. After a couple of minutes, she finally pulled her mouth off with a pop.
"Fuck my mouth," she said in a low, breathy voice. "Fuck my fucking mouth." He guided his cock back between her lips and grabbed onto her ponytail for grip. He started thrusting. A sound of "Gwak- gwak- gwak-" filled the room as he pushed himself deeper, the liquid in her mouth distorting the sounds of her moans. Brie struggled to take him very deep and could feel her gag reflex kicking in, but the sensation of it was pushing her to new heights of arousal and her pussy started leaking all over the other man's cock, creating a whole new set of sloshy sounds as he thrust in and out.
"This the hottest fucking thing I've ever seen," is all Jessie could think as she watched it play out, no longer feeling the need to even direct the action. Brie clearly didn't need any more encouragement at this point. Another few seconds of face-fucking is all Brie could take and she finally had to push him off. She let out a giant exhale as saliva dripped off her lips. A huge smile came across her face and she leaned up to pull him in for a deep kiss, the fluids in her mouth passing back and forth between them. They continued like that for a moment when suddenly, through the bedroom curtains, a light shot on outside. Brie immediately broke off their kiss to look, noticing that it was one of the house's automatic censor lights. She grabbed the shorter man and slowed down the pace of his fucking.
"Shhhhh, shhhh," she said, listening closely. After a few moments of silence, the doorbell rang. "Fuck," she said in a hushed tone. The shorter man looked over at Jessie on the phone.
"You sending some more friends over for us?" the shorter man said with a laugh.
"SHUT THE FUCK UP!" Brie whispered as aggressively as possible, grabbing onto him and fully stopping his thrusting.
It's probably whatever Elijah was sending over,Brie thought to herself.Shit, shit, shit.A wave of guilt suddenly started tearing her back to reality.I can't ignore his gift, I told him I'd stay up for it.She got off the bed, scrambling around the room. "Fuck, where are my clothes?" she whispered, "I need a robe or something." Before she had time to look, she suddenly heard the loud squeaking sound of the front door opening and her heart froze.
"Brie?" she heard calling from the living room, the unmistakable voice of Elijah. Brie's whole body, already covered in sweat, somehow instantly reached new levels of heat she didn't know were possible. She started gesturing her arms wildly to the two men, trying to mouth instructions they couldn't understand. In her own panicked state, she didn't even really know what she was trying to say. All she knew was to be quiet.
"What's happening? I can't hear anything," Jessie asked through the phone. Brie shot daggers toward the phone and waved her arms, trying to shush her.
"Brie? Was that you?" she heard Elijah call again, this time his voice coming closer. As she heard footsteps coming down the hallways she grabbed the two men, trying to move as quietly as possible on her bare feet, and started pushing them towards the closet at the other end of the room. They didn't get very far though when the door suddenly opened and Elijah stood there before.
For what felt like an eternity, nobody moved or said anything. Brie just stared wide-eyed at Elijah and he stared back, his mouth agape, as his girlfriend of three years stood before him completely naked, her arms around two equally naked men, both of them fully erect, one with a condom on. Brie's brain raced at a million miles a minute but failed to come up with anything to say to make this look like anything other than exactly what it was.
"I- I- I-" she started stammering, hoping her mouth would just spit something out quicker than her brain could. Elijah still just stood there quietly.
"Evenin'" the short man said, trying to break the silence before Brie elbowed him.
"Babe, I... uhhh..." She still couldn't find the words.
"Someone tell me what's going on," Jessie asked through the phone. Elijah, startled, looked around the room to see where the voice was coming from.
"OH FUCK," Jessie screamed as he stepped into the camera's frame. She quickly grabbed her blankets and pulled them up to cover her boobs.
"What's... what's..." Elijah kept stammering, just looking back and forth between the phone, Brie, and the two men.
"Babe, I can explain," Brie finally blurted out, although what exactly she was going to explain she still didn't know.
"Babe? Oh shit!" the tall man said, piecing together who Elijah was, and both of them immediately stepped back from her and moved their hands away.
"Look mate," added the shorter one, "We're just hired to do a job. Nothing personal for your girl."
"You hired them?" Elijah asked.
"It was me! It was me!" Jessie shouted through the phone, trying to take control of the situation. "They were my gift! I... I hired some strippers for her birthday! But she was just calling to tell me how mad she was and how she was sending them right back!" she added, sounding none too convincing.
"Then why are you..." Elijah said pointing to Brie's naked body, "And why is he..." pointing to the shorter man's condom-wrapped penis. Brie sat down on the edge of the bed and started rubbing her face, covering her eyes so she didn't have to look at him.
"No...no... it's exactly what it looks like," she finally said, feeling like she should probably cry but in too much shock to do so. "TheywereJessie's gift butIinvited them in." She looked over to Elijah. "And then we..."
"But why?"
"Because it's been fucking months, babe," she said with a sigh, resigned to just let it all out. "I missed you. I needed it and you weren't here."
"You needed what?"
"A dick! Okay! Is that what you want to hear? I needed a fucking dick inside me!"
Elijah was still shockingly calm as he processed her answer. Brie couldn't tell if he was in shock or just bottling his anger, but he finally stopped pacing and sat down in a chair in the quarter of the room. He stared at Brie and the two men.
"Well maybe I should get going," Jessie said with an attempt at sounding chipper.
"No," Elijah cut her off, "You should stay."
Fuck,she thought, scared of whatever trouble her gift had gotten Brie and herself into.
"So they put those things inside of you?" Elijah asked, motioning towards the men. Brie nodded. They sat silent again for a moment. "And did they feel good?" he asked. She nodded again, taking a moment longer to admit it. She figured there was no point denying it now. Elijah sat silently again.
Another couple of seconds passed that felt like hours for Brie as she and Elijah just stared at each other.
"Can I watch?" he asked. Brie's eyes went wide.
"Babe, I... Wait.... What?"
"Can I watch?"
"Watch what?"
"You and them." Brie did a double take, looking back and forth between Elijah and the two men.
"You... want us to keep going?"
"Only if I can watch," he responded firmly. On the other end of the phone, Jessie watched closely, glued to what was happening on screen.
"So you're not mad?" Brie asked, desperate for some kind of relief.
"I... I don't know," he answered. "Maybe I'll be mad later. Maybe I'll be sad. I don't know. I don't know what I'm feeling. But all I know is that right now I want to watch you and them." Brie slowly stood up from the bed and walked back over to the two men, carefully keeping an eye on Elijah to try and read his reactions.
This is so fucking kinky,Jessie thought as she watched the scene play out.
"Give them a kiss," Elijah said.
"That's the spirit, mate," the taller one said as he pulled Brie in for a kiss. After a few moments, she turned and kissed the other man and then looked back to Elijah. He suddenly had a big smile on his face.
"Do they kiss better than I do?" he asked. Brie said nothing. "They do, don't they?" She finally nodded. Elijah's smile grew wider. He and Brie stared intensely at each other and she could start to feel some of her nervousness drifting away. Much like Elijah, she didn't know what exactly she was feeling right now, but she liked where it was going. She began to grin back at him.
"I bet they fuck better than I do too, don't they?"
"They do," she answered, giving in to whatever this journey was they were about to go on together.
"Show me." Brie grabbed the men and slowly led them back onto the bed.
"How do their cocks feel?" Elijah asked.
"Pretty fucking great," she answered.
"Do they fill you up?"
"Oh yeah."
"Tell me how they fill you up." Brie looked downed and noticed an erection in Elijah's pants. The sight made her feel bold. She wondered how far she could push his buttons. She reached to each side and took the two men's cocks into her hands.
"These big fucking cocks fill me up better than yours ever could," she said, trying to sound confident but anxious about what his response would be.
"Show me how much you love those big black cocks," he answered, an intense look in his eyes that Brie had never quite seen before.
Fuuuuckkk meeeee,was all Jessie could think as she watched Brie through the screen. She reached her hand down under the sheets and started lightly touching herself again.
Brie bent over and took the taller man's cock into her mouth, careful not to break eye contact with Elijah. She sucked on it slowly, feeling him get hard again in her mouth. As his erection grew, it became harder for her to fit it in her mouth.
"You look so fucking good with that cock in your mouth," Elijah said with glee. Brie slowly slid her lips off it and turned over to the other man. She slid the condom off and took him between her lips, working him back up to full mast as well. "I'm surprised you can even fit those in your mouth."
"It's a bit of a struggle," Brie said, rising back up. The two men leaned down and started kissing all over her body. She thought for a moment, wondering again about how far she could push the boundaries. She bit her lip and added, "Not a struggle I ever have with yours." She looked over at Elijah expectantly. His smile grew even wider.
"My little cock doesn't fill you up like theirs do, huh?"
Where the fuck is this coming from?Brie thought to herself, first about Elijah's behaviour but also about her own arousal at it.What the fuck is going on?She was too turned on to question it any further.
"No it doesn't babe," she finally answered. "And right now I need some big fat fucking cocks to make up for all these years of being stuck with your little prick." She looked down and noticed Elijah was fully erect now, a prominent tent standing upright in the front of his pants. A filthy idea suddenly struck Brie. "Take it out," she commanded to Elijah. "Show them your little cock that can't make me cum like theirs do." In no time at all he frantically started unbuckling his jeans and slid his pants down. He grabbed his cock and immediately started stroking it as he watched the two men kiss Brie's body. Truth be told, Elijah had a perfectly average-sized penis and knew how to use it well, and Brie had never been disappointed by him in bed in the slightest, but something about seeing his excited reactions to her insults was pushing her buttons in all the right ways.
"Show it to Jessie too," she added before she even had time to think it through.
"Wh-what?" Jessie responded, so lost in watching that she forgot she was even an active participant here.
"Show her how you stroke your little cock for me," Brie said as she looked down at him. Realizing her words were coming out faster than her brain could process them, she shot a worried glance at the phone, only now realizing that asking her best friend to watch her boyfriend jerk off was maybe a less-than-normal request, but Jessie just shrugged and raised her eyebrows as if to say, "Fuck it, you only live once." Elijah grabbed the phone off the dresser and held it in front of him, pointing it at his cock in the foreground and Brie and two men in the background.
"This is fuckingFILTHY," Jessie said with a giggle as she pulled her bedsheets back down, revealing her naked body on screen to Elijah and returning her hand between her legs.
"Are you ready to watch me get fucked?" Brie asked, looking over at them.
"Yes," Elijah said.
"FUCK YES," Jessie added with enthusiasm. Brie turned to the shorter man.
"Now where were we?" she asked, pulling him in for a quick kiss.
"I believe I had you bent over for me."
"Oh yes," she said, getting back into position, "and I believe you're right where you should be," she said to the taller one as his cock hung at her face level. The shorter one went to grab another condom out of the package when Brie suddenly had another naughty idea. "Leave those there," she said.
"You sure, love?"
"Yes," she answered, glancing over to Elijah. They shared a knowing stare for a moment. Even after years of dating and living together, she had never let Elijah fuck her without a condom before. Birth control made her moody and she preferred to forgo it, so it had never really been a thing that either of them questioned. But as Elijah started picking up the pace of his masturbation, Brie felt even more sure of the idea. "Leave them on the dresser. Big cocks like these deserve special treatment," she added, staring directly at Elijah the whole time. The shorter man went back over to the bed and pulled up behind her. Lifting one leg up, he again guided his cock to her pussy. Brie didn't break eye contact with Elijah the entire time as he slid his entire length into her, her mouth growing wider with each inch.
"Oooouuuuhhhhh" she moaned deeply as she felt his whole length filling her up. Elijah appeared to be transfixed by the sight as the man began pumping into his girlfriend. "Oh my fucking god," Brie remarked, taking a deep breath as he got into a rhythm. It had been years since a man had fucked her bareback, not since her early 20s when Brie and Jessie went on a number of summer girl's trips that usually devolved into drugs, alcohol, and college-age hormones getting the better of their judgment, but Brie had forgotten how much smoother it felt. The fact that the man was uncircumcised only added to the unfamiliar sensation, the sliding of his foreskin adding a unique glide. She grabbed the cock in front of her and took him back in her mouth, quickly getting back into the rhythm they had settled into before Elijah had interrupted them in the first place.
"Mmm- mmm- mmm-" and the sound of skin slapping together was all that could be heard for a few minutes as the two men attacked her from both directions. Brie looked over and saw that Elijah's cock was now slick and shining with pre-cum. She smiled at him as best as she could as her lips continued to work the man's cock. The idea of making him watch her do things she'd never do with him was getting her pussy absolutely soaked, and she immediately started trying to think of other possibilities. She pulled the tall man's cock out of her mouth with a loud pop.
"Lay back," she said to him. "I've got another special treat for big boys like you." The taller one just smiled and didn't say a word, leaning back on the bed. Brie grabbed his legs and pushed them up and he spread them apart, a devilish grin coming across both of their faces as he figured out where she was going. Leaning down with her tongue extended, she immediately went to licking his ass. He grabbed her ponytail and pushed her head in deeper and she started to giggle, licking quickly at his anus, running her tongue in circles, making suction around it with her lips before letting go with a pop. He started stroking his cock with his other hand as she continued her attack.
"You like the taste of my arse?" he asked, his voice filled with ecstasy.
"Mhmmm-- mmmmm" was all she could answer, her eyes wide and enthusiastic looking up at him, her exhales growing loud and stifled as her nose pressed against his testicles. She finally pulled away for a second and glanced over to Elijah. "I love to eat ass for boys with big black cocks," she gasped before immediately burying her face back down.
"Oh my god, I'm so fucking jealous of her," Jessie said to Elijah, frantically rubbing her clit on camera. Elijah had to momentarily stop touching himself, clearly getting too overwhelmed by the situation and not wanting to climax already. He took the moment to take off the rest of his clothes, stripping down fully nude as he watched Brie get fucked.
"Fuck," said the shorter man, still railing away into her pussy, "I think I'm gonna blow if I keep this up." Brie immediately pulled away from him.
"Oh no, not yet, I've still got more plans for both of you. First," she said turning to the tall one, "Your turn to fuck me without a condom." He smiled widely.
"However you want it, love." She spun around so that her ass was facing him now and gave it another shake to give him a nice view. "Fuckin' hell," he said, bending down and grabbing it, spreading her cheeks apart and giving one big long lick along her asshole before spanking the left cheek hard.
"Yes!" Brie shouted after the smack before dipping down and taking the shorter man's cock in her mouth, excited to taste her own juices on it without a condom getting in the way. The tall man pushed his cock inside her and began gently thrusting. Brie again moaned on the other man's cock, excitedly taking them from both ends. After a minute of staring down at her mesmerizing ass as he pounded into her pussy, the tall man reached his hand up and grabbed onto a cheek. He reached his thumb over and started gently rubbing it across her asshole, still wet from his earlier lick. Brie's head immediately shot up from the other man's cock and looked back.
"What are you doing back there?" she asked with a teasing curiosity.
"Just testing the waters," he said, "dipping a toe in." He continued to rub it over her hole. "Or should I say dipping a thumb?" He pressed it against her anus now, just pushing into it the tiniest bit and Brie let out a yelp.
Anal play was another of those things she didn't really do with Elijah. She had barely done it with anyone. Even for as crazy as her drunken misadventures with Jessie had gotten in the past, anal sex was something she'd only done a couple of times, and never something she had quite gotten the hang of. Something about it started to feel right though. It was a combination of a lot of things: the fact that she finally had a nice ass and had never gotten to put it to use. The fact that these men were clearly pros and probably knew how to do it properly, unlike the drunk frat boy and coked-up indie singer she had tried it with in the past. But mostly it was again the fact that she'd never even entertained the idea of doing it with Elijah, and humiliating him and watching him squirm in delight was pushing her over the edge in ways she never would have thought possible.
"Go easy," she said to him with a smile, "those waters are a bit untested."
"Aye aye, Captain," he answered.
"Mostly untested," she added, looking over to Elijah and winking. As far as she could recall, she had never even told him about her past anal experiments, so the thought of letting him know even more men had gone where he hadn't before turned her on even more. He seemed excited about what was playing out as well, going back to gripping his cock and jerking it gently.
Oh shit, she's actually doing it,Jessie thought, knowing how inexperienced Brie was. Although Jessie was a big proponent of anal play and could take it up the ass like the best of them, she had never quite convinced Brie of its virtues.This is the best fucking money I've ever spent,she thought, gripped by what was about to happen on screen. As the tall man slid his finger further into her ass, he started thrusting harder into her pussy.
"Ahhh- oohhhh- fuck- fuck- fuck." There was a combination of pleasure and pain palpable in Brie's voice, and she eventually had to stop sucking on the shorter man, too overwhelmed by what was happening behind her. The tall man used his other hand to grip her waist and started thrusting into her harder, his thumb probing in at a matching pace.
"UHHHH- UHHHH- UHHHH-"
"Take it, girl!" Jessie yelled through the phone.
"Fuck- fuck- fuck- fuck- fuck-" Brie's breath was growing shorter, feeling his finger go deeper. "Wait, wait," she said, stopping his movements, "use that." She pointed over to the vibrator sitting on the nightstand. The shorter man grabbed it and brought it to Brie's mouth.
"It'll need some lubrication," he said. She opened up and took it in her mouth, sucking on it dutifully as she stared up at him. After she got it nice and wet, she passed it back to the man behind her. He took it down and rubbed it under her pussy for good measure, gathering some of the fluid leaking out of her as his cock gently pumped in and out. Satisfied that it was slick enough, he brought it up and pressed it against the entrance of her ass. She looked over at Elijah.
"Should I do it, babe?"
"Do it," he answered in an entranced state.
"DO IT!" Jessie yelled through the phone, seeming even more excited to see. Brie looked back and gave the tall man a nod and he slowly began to slide it in.
"Ohh- oww- fuck." It took her a moment to get used to it. Although it was a pocket vibrator and wasn't any bigger than the man's thumb, the shape of its rounded top made it a little harder to take at first. "Go slowly," she said, closing her eyes and taking slow, deep breaths. He slowed the pace of his thrusting, trying his best not to overwhelm her. He didn't force it, instead waiting for her anus to get comfortable before sliding it in another half inch at a time. Once he had it deep enough, he gently started pulling it out and pushing it back in. "Mmmmmmm," she let out, finally getting used to the feeling. He started thrusting it a bit faster and slid his cock in and out of her pussy to match.
"You ready for heaven, love?"
"Yessssssss," she answered. He hit the button on the vibrator and felt it start to buzz inside her ass. "OHHHHHHHH," she let out, a deep guttural sound that took them all off guard. Even Brie herself was a little surprised it had come out of her. "Yes, yes, just like that," she said, and he continued picking up the pace of the thrusting. "Ohhhh, ohhhh, ohhhh." Her moans now weren't short or breathy like usual but instead long and deep. She was suddenly starting to understand what Jessie had been raving about all these years.
After a moment more of her settling into the speed and sensation, the man pressed the button on the vibrator again, turning up the power.
"FUUUUUUCK," she groaned. "Yesssssss, fuck me harder..." The man did as he was told and started thrusting his cock into her with even more power, his skin now slapping hard against her. "Ohh- Ohh- Ohh- Ohh," Brie yelped in response. Elijah was transfixed by the sight.
"Make her cum!" Jessie yelled through the phone.
"Ah- ah- ah- ah- ah-" Brie let out as she felt her body starting to grow tense. "Just.... Just like that- just like that-" He was slamming into her full force now, the vibrator buried deep inside her ass. He pressed the button on the vibrator again, now turning it onto maximum power. "AHHHHHHHH," she screamed in response. Elijah noticed Brie's toes starting to wiggle and he always knew that meant she was close.
"Are you gonna cum?" Elijah asked her.
"Yesss... yesss... yesss..." she let out in short soft breaths. "Are you-- fuck-- are you ready to see... see how I cum from-- uhh-- from his big black cock?"
"Yes, baby, yes," he answered, picking up the pace of his stroking.
"You ready... to see- to see how I cum... uhhhh... with my ass full too?"
"Yesssssss," he answered again in a way that made him sound nearly hypnotized. He was jerking off hard enough now that the sound of it could be heard through the phone.
"Stroke it harder," Jessie commanded at Elijah, now getting turned on by what everyone was doing in this scenario.
"YESSS!" Brie yelled to Jessie, "Make him... make him... your little bitch." Elijah did as he was told and stroked harder, his eyes now darting between Brie getting fucked in front of him and Jessie fingering herself on the phone screen. "Okay- Okay- I'm gonna... it's coming..." Brie said. Elijah was stroking himself furiously now.
"Yes!" Jessie said to Elijah, "Faster... faster..." He tried his best but didn't know how much faster he could possibly go. Jessie could tell he was on the verge of exploding when another idea suddenly hit her. "Now let go!" she commanded him.
"What?" Elijah responded, his voice already distorting as he sat on the brink of orgasm.
"Let go of it!," Jessie shouted again. Brie heard the exchange and immediately picked up on Jessie's plan.
"Yes, babe... uhh- uhh- you can... you can cum... cum when wefuckingtell you to cum!"
"Yes, yes!" Jessie answered, excited that she and Brie were on the same wavelength. "You can stroke that little cock again when we let you!" she added. Jessie's pussy was leaking profusely now.
"AHHH- AHHH- AHHH- AHHH-" Brie screamed as Elijah saw her toes now curling up. He knew that meant it was here. "FUCK ME- FUCK ME- FUCK WITH ME THAT BIG BLACK COCK!" she yelled as she felt his cock and the vibrator both pushing as deep as they could into her. Her lungs struggled to catch their breath as she began to feel another orgasm rush through her body. Her legs began to shake and she bent forward, burying her face into them and screaming moans of pleasure. The man started to slow his thrusts as she came down from it. He gently pulled the vibrator out of her ass and turned it off, the whole room growing mercifully silent after a few minutes of being filled with the cacophony of buzzing, screaming, and skin and bodily fluids clashing together. He pushed it down towards her as she continued to lean forward, catching her breath with huge exhales.
"Want a taste, love?" he asked jokingly.
"No... no...," she said before pausing, lost in thought. "Make him taste it," she added after a moment.
"What?" he responded. Brie looked up at him and then over to Elijah, still catching her breath as her body now glowed, covered in sweat.
"Make him taste it," she repeated, pointing to Elijah.
FUCK YES,Jessie thought discovering a new fetish she didn't even know she had.
"Alright," the tall man said with a shrug, pulling away from her.
"Wait, really?" Brie asked, surprised.
"Love, this ain't even in the top hundred daft things someone's paid me to do on this job," he answered, presenting the vibrator to Elijah. Elijah looked over at Brie.
"Do it," she said in a commanding tone. He leaned down and took it in his mouth, sucking on it and savouring the taste of her ass that remained on the soft silicon. "Taste that," she added, "that's what boys with big fat cocks get to play with, unlike you." The two gigolos smiled wide-eyed at each other, just shocked by the whole situation.
"You liked feeling something inside your arse, love?" the shorter one asked Brie.
"Maaaaaybe," she answered coyly.
"You want to feel something else in there?" She looked over at Elijah and remained silent for a moment.
Please say yes, please say yes,Jessie thought as she awaited the answer. Brie kept staring at Elijah. His cock was still hard and twitching, begging to be touched but he was following his orders.
"You want me to stick his cock in my ass?" she finally asked. Elijah nodded. "Tell me you want to see it then."
"I want to see it."
"Tell me what you want to see," she repeated in a more dominant tone.
"I want to see you take his cock up your ass."
"Mmmm, good. I can't wait to have this big fat fucking black cock in my ass."
YES! YES! YES! YES!Jessie thought as she put her hands to her face, covering her giant smile. Brie turned around on the bed and stuck her ass out for the shorter man. The taller man walked out to the hallway briefly and returned with a bottle of lube that he had also stored in his jacket.
"I reckon we'll need the real stuff for this," he said, tossing it over to the shorter one. He had also grabbed one of Brie's joints from the living room table and placed it between his lips. "You might need a little something to relax that body a bit too," he said, lighting it and taking a deep drag. He leaned down towards her and opened her mouth, blowing the smoke in. She took a deep breath and exhaled the smoke back at him. He placed the joint between her lips and she took a few more puffs before he set it on an ashtray next to the bed. The short one suddenly started squeezing some lube out that fell directly onto Brie's asshole and she let out a quick yelp, startled by how cold it was. He poured some along his cock as well and Brie reached back to start stroking it, spreading it along his full length.
"Maybe I would let you fuck my ass too if you had a cock like that," she said, smiling at Elijah.
"You ready, love?" the shorter man asked.
"Mmmmhmmmm," she answered with an enthusiastic nod. He guided the tip of his cock to her asshole and gently began to push. "Awwwhhhhh," she moaned, burying her face down again in the sheets. Although her asshole was still a little loosened up from the vibrator and the weed was relaxing her muscles, his cock was still a big jump in size.
"Just tell me when you're ready for more," he said as he held the head of his cock still, waiting for her ass to get comfortable around it.
"Okay, okay... a little more," Brie said, her voice strained.
"You got this girl!" Jessie cheered. "Push out with your butt, it helps it open up," she added, trying to use her expertise to guide her friend. Brie did what she said and another inch of him began to slide in.
"Oh, FUCK!" Brie yelled. Even in her past failed experiments with anal, the men's penises had been quite average in size, so she wasn't sure how much more she could take. She looked over at Elijah though and made eye contact with him, his eyes glued to the whole scene. His cock stood up straight up and the skin of it and his testicles were turning a red colour, clearly in need of some fondling. The sight aroused Brie so much that she decided to push on. "Okay, a little bit more," she said to the man behind her and he gave her another inch.
"Fuck, she looks so hot with a cock in her ass," Jessie said to Elijah.
"Yes..." was all he could retort.
"I bet you wish you could stick your cock in her ass."
"Yes..."
"Show me that little cock you want to put in her ass," Jessie demanded. He tilted the camera down so it was in full view. The sight of it just longing for attention was turning Jessie on as well. Across the room, the shorter man was still slowly sliding all the way into Brie.
"Ow- ow- ow-" she stammered. The taller man pulled her face up and started gently caressing it.
"You can do it, love," he said, giving her a kiss.
"Mmmm- mmmm-" she moaned into his mouth as she felt another inch push into her. "A little more lube," she said to the shorter one, breaking off the kiss. He popped the cap open and poured some more down and began to gently try thrusting. "Fuuccccck," she said, closing her eyes, her entire body now turning bright red. As he slowly pushed it in and out, just a little each time, she finally felt her ass adjusting to it. "Okay, okay, a little more." He started taking his thrusts a bit deeper. "Fuck... uhhhhh."
After another minute of taking his gentle thrusts, she looked over to Elijah. "You... you... like watching me take this big... big cock in my ass?" she asked between winces. He nodded quickly. "You like- fuckkk- you like seeing it... seeing it fill me up... like you never could?" He nodded again. "Tell me... tell me..."
"I love watching that big cock fill you up like I never could."
"Good," she said, smiling as best as she could through the discomfort.
"Rub her pussy!" Jessie shouted through the phone to the two men on the bed. The shorter man hunched forward and wrapped his arm around her, rubbing around her clit in time with his thrusts.
"Awwwhhhhh!" Brie moaned, a new feeling of pleasure suddenly unlocked.
"Yes, girl! Now you're getting it!" Jessie said with a little clap. The shorter man started thrusting his cock deeper into her now and her moaning grew louder. The tall man climbed forward on the bed and placed his hand on her chin, pulling her up to him for another kiss. They made out hungrily as Brie now continued to moan, the man behind her fucking her ass harder and rubbing her clit. The tall man reached up and grabbed her boobs, rubbing his fingers across her nipples.
"Ohhhh- ohhhhh- ohhhhh-" was all Brie could answer as he broke off their kiss. He started kissing all over her face now, going across her cheek, down her neck, back up the side and nibbled on her earlobe as she exhaled deeply with each thrust from behind her. The shorter man was now thrusting into her with ease. He used his free arm to wrap around her chest, getting a handful of her left breast and holding onto her for leverage as he started giving her his full force.
"OH- OH- OH- FUCK-" she shouted as he started slamming into her faster, the force of his cock sending ripples through her body and making her asscheeks and boobs bounce with each thrust.
"Fuck me," the shorter man shouted, "and you thought her pussy was tight." He reached up and wiped some sweat from his brow. "You gotta have a go at this, mate. You're gonna be right chuffed." The taller man smiled and leaned into Brie's ear.
"Reckon you can take us both?" he whispered. Brie froze up at his suggestion. Even after all of the ill-advised sexual debauchery that she and Jessie had gotten up to over the years, double penetration was not something she had ever even come close to trying. Even Jessie, who would seem far more receptive to such an idea, had only gone as far as trying it with one man and a dildo, never two men at once.
"What's he asking? I can't hear," Jessie asked. Brie just stared back at the tall man for a second, considering if she wanted to cross this line.
"I asked if she reckons she can fit us both at once," the tall man said, not giving Brie a chance to brush aside the suggestion.
"IN THE ASS?!" Jessie shouted in terror. The men both laughed.
"No, no, love. We're respectful chaps. One in her arse and one in her fanny."
"Isn't a fanny an ass?" Jessie asked, confused.
"Bloody Americans," the shorter one said to the amusement of both. "Her pussy, love. Her pussy."
"Girl, I'm leaving this one up to you," Jessie answered, recognizing that this was a line she didn't want to pressure Brie to cross. Even Brie wasn't really sure what to do. She looked over to Elijah.
"You want to see it?"
"Yes," he said without a moment's hesitation. The immediacy of his response started to warm Brie to the idea.
"You really want to see it?"
"Yes."
"You want to see me with two big fat cocks inside me?"
"Yes, baby."
"Tell me what you want to see."
"I want to see you getting fucked by two big black cocks."
"Good boy," she said with a grin, although in her head she immediately thought,Oh god, what the fuck am I getting myself into.She watched the short man lay down on his back, his cock sticking straight up and ready for mounting. Everything in her brain told her she probably wasn't ready for this, but her body seemed to be fighting back against logic, warm tingles shooting through her at the thought of making Elijah watch her commit the naughtiest act of her life.
I can't believe she's really doing it,Jessie thought, rubbing at her pussy as she watched Brie crawl on top of the shorter man and slowly slide down onto his erection.
"Oooooh, fuck yeah," Brie cooed, pressing down until his whole length was inside her. She started gently riding his cock, grinding her pussy against his pelvis, immediately loving the sensation. She reached up with both hands to re-tighten her ponytail which had gotten a tad disheveled in the preceding events. With her arms raised, all of them enjoyed their first view of the night of Brie being on top, her large breasts freely bouncing as she bucked her hips, her incredibly toned physique on full display.
"Your dick feels fucking good like this," she said, closing her eyes and finding a steady rhythm as her body gyrated on top of him. She reached down and grabbed onto his chest for support and began bouncing up and down on his cock, excited for the first time to really be in control of their fucking. Being on top had always been her favourite with Elijah and past partners. She always enjoyed being a little dominant, something that was becoming even more abundantly clear to everyone tonight, and she enjoyed the familiar feeling of riding him, knowing something decidedly unfamiliar was about to happen. Her moment of calm was suddenly broken by the loud fart-like sound of the lube bottle, the tall man trying to squeeze out enough to coat his penis.
Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck,Brie thought as he approached behind her, spreading the lube along his shaft. He place the bottle at the top of her asscrack, squeezing another line of lube down into it, Brie's thrusting hips making a bit of a mess of it. She felt his fingers run up between her cheeks and start to spread the lube around her anus.
"You ready, love?" he whispered in her ear. She looked over to Elijah. He gave her an approving nod.
"As ready as I'll ever be," she answered. She slowed the movement of her hips and sat there still, waiting for it. Elijah and Jessie were both silent, watching in anticipation. She suddenly felt the tip of his head press against her asshole and start to penetrate it. "OHHHWWWWW," she howled in response, immediately in shock at the sensation. She remembered Jessie's advice from earlier and tried pushing with her butt muscles, hoping it would help but the feeling was still too intense to comprehend. She couldn't even tell if it felt good or bad, if this was pain or pleasure. All she knew was that she felt overwhelminglyfullin a way she never had.
"Oh my fucking god," Jessie gasped, in awe of what she was witnessing.
"UUUUUHHHHHHHH," Brie groaned again, the sound coming from somewhere low and deep within her. She couldn't come up with any words. Her brain felt like mush and her heart was racing, adrenaline firing through her whole system. All she could feel or think about was her pussy and her asshole and the cocks stuffing both of them, and she could now feel the tall man pushing further into her ass. The shorter man remained still, leaving his erection buried within her pussy but not moving. The tall man pulled back a bit and then pushed again. He was only halfway in at best, but he wanted to get her used to the sensation. He continued with his micro-thrusting, trying to push into her a fraction of an inch deeper each time.
"AAHHHHH- AHHHHHH-" was again all Brie could answer with.
"Just breathe, love," he said gently into her ear. She nodded and took deep breaths, inhaling through her nose and exhaling out her mouth. He continued to slowly pick up the pace, now getting his cock over halfway in. The short man reached forward from below her and started gently rubbing her pussy.
"Ohhhhhh," she let out softly, finally making a sound that seemed to indicate pleasure. "Keep doing that." He continued to rub her as the other man pushed harder into her ass, reaching around and grabbing her tits to keep himself steady. With the pleasant feeling of his hands pressing against her nipples and the other man's hand teasing her clit, her breathing calmed and she started getting the hang of the sensation. "Okay, okay," she said, encouraging them both.
The tall man started thrusting into her ass harder and for the first time, she felt the man below thrust up into her pussy as well. "Oh fuck-" she said, her voice strained, but she looked down at him and nodded. He continued thrusting up into her pussy, the two men getting into a rhythm of one cock going in as the other pulled out. "Oh my fucking god..." she said, her voice growing louder. The bed began to shake and squeak.
"Yes, yes, yes," Jessie said to herself, touching her pussy as she watched. Rubbing her clit with her thumb, she lowered her other fingers down and started teasing her asshole, jealous of the sensations her friend must be feeling. She started probing the hole with her middle finger. "YES."
"Ohhh... Ohhh... Ohhh..." Brie moaned out, her eyes closed and a wincing look on her face. She opened her eyes just enough to look over at Elijah and could see his hand resting on his cock, doing as he was told not to stroke it but clearly desperate to do so. She still couldn't tell if she liked the feeling of being double penetrated or if she just liked driving Elijah crazy, but either way, she was getting into whatever it was.
The tall man had now gotten most of the length of his cock in her ass and the two were now both thrusting with equal power. As the seconds wore on, their thrusts began to drift into unison, both pumping into her at the same time.
"OH FUCK," Brie shouted, "FUCK- FUCK- FUCK- FUCK-" with each thrust. Her whole body felt hot and tense but her pussy was starting to leak down onto the man below her. "YES- YES- FUCKKKKKK," she shouted again. They started slamming into her now, each thrust sending a ripple of energy through her body, the little fat she had jiggling with every motion. The room suddenly grew very loud again, filled with the sounds of the bed shaking against the wall, Brie's screams, the men's grunts, and their bodies hitting together, the two men's balls nearly slapping against each other in such tight proximity.
"Fuck... I need a better view of this," Jessie said between deep breaths. Brie looked over to Elijah and nodded at him. He picked up the phone and walked over to the bed, pointing it up at Brie's face, contorted in pleasure, her mouth agape. He panned down her body to her ass where you could vaguely make out the two cocks pounding into her. "Get closer... get under her," Jessie moaned again. Elijah got behind and bent down between them, pointing the camera up for a close-up, now getting a view from just a foot away of the two men's cocks fucking his girlfriend's holes. "Oh my... fucking god... ohhhh... ohhh..." Jessie said as she rubbed furiously and fingered her ass.
"UHHH- UHHH- UHHH- UHHH-" Brie screamed, her voice louder than it had been the entire night. For a brief moment, she worried about what the neighbours might be hearing before another thrust from both of them fucked the worry right out of her mind.
"Ugggghhhh," groaned the tall man, "You weren't kidding about this fucking arse. I don't think I'm gonna last much longer in here."
"Babe... ugghhh... up here," Brie said to Elijah. He stood back up and walked back around the bed, looking her closely in the eyes.
"You wanna... fuck- You wanna see him... see him cum in my ass?"
"Yes," Elijah answered, standing before her with his cock twitching.
"Tell him... ohhhh... tell him that's what you want..." she groaned. Elijah looked the tall man in the eyes.
"Cum in her ass," he said.
"Cum in... cum in whose ass?" Brie added.
"Cum in my girlfriend's ass," he repeated.
"Hard to... hard to say no to that," the tall man groaned. He leaned his head back and closed his eyes, his mouth wide open. He slammed into Brie's ass with everything he had. "OH FUCK- OH FUCK-"
"FUCK- FUCK-" she screamed back, "FUCKING CUM!"
"AWWWWUUUUHHH," he exclaimed as he suddenly felt it rushing through him, the load he had been building up over the entire night finally shooting its way inside her. He slowed his thrusts, using the tightness of her ass to coax the cum out of him.
"Oohhhhhhh myyyyy goddddd," Brie moaned as she felt it in her, taken back by how warm it felt, not used to such a feeling in that region. The man below her continued thrusting up into her pussy as the other man slowly pulled his cock out. As soon as the head popped out of her, a thick white load of cum started streaming out of her and dripping down, mixing in with the fluids of her pussy.
"Fuuuuuckin' hell," the tall man said as he slammed down into the bed next to them, every ounce of energy now completely drained out of him. Elijah pointed the phone down to Brie's ass to give Jessie another look.
"Oh shit... OH SHIT..." Jessie moaned at the sight of her cum-filled ass, feeling her own orgasm impending. "FUCK, OH FUCK... I'M GONNA..."
"YES- YES-" Brie shouted to her, the shorter man continuing to fuck her, "CUM FOR ME, BOO!"
"Ahhhh... AHHHHH...." Jessie suddenly went silent but her mouth remained wide open, giving Elijah his first view of her orgasm face as fluid began squirting out of her pussy. She finally let out a low groan as she came down from the peak of it.
"YES, GIRL, YES," Brie cheered at her before immediately turning her attention back to the man below her. Taking control again, she grabbed onto his shoulders and started grinding her hips down hard and fast against him. "YES- YES- YES- YES-" She glanced back over to Elijah.
"Did you like watching... mmmm... like watching that big black cock cum inside me?"
"Yes, baby, yes."
"I bet you wish... you could cum too."
"Yes," he groaned.
"I think... fuck... I think boys with... with big fat cocks... mmmm... get to cum first." Elijah nodded, maintaining intense eye contact with her. "And I think... I think big black cocks... should get to cum... cum inside my pussy..." she added, staring right back at him. It had been many years since she had let a man cum inside her, and even longer since she had ill-advisedly done so without at least doing the math beforehand on when her last period was, but watching Elijah continue to nod along to everything she said was making her filthiest instincts overpower any possible anxiety. She looked down at the man fucking her below. "You want... want to cum in this pussy?" she asked in a strained voice, feeling herself get closer to orgasm as the thought of the entire situation pushed her closer and closer.
"I... I can't say no... to a lady on her birthday," he grunted.
"Fuck me hard then," she said and he immediately started pounding up into her with everything he had, thrusting up into her as she bucked her hips downwards, both of their movements working in tandem. "FUCK- FUCK- AHHHHHHH," she yelled. She looked over again at Elijah.
"Come closer," she said and he stepped forward to the edge of the bed. She looked over at his cock which sat at eye level, the skin now a purplish colour. "I bet you want to... you want to touch that cock again?"
"Yes!" he said in a tone that bordered on delirious.
"You ready... ready to cum for me too?"
"YES!"
"Show me... how you stroke that little fucking cock," she said and he immediately gripped it tight, frantically jerking it in front of her face. "Show... show Jessie how you do it," she added and he pulled the phone up again, filling the frame with his cock in the foreground and Brie's face behind it. Jessie watched on excitedly in her post-orgasm bliss.
Brie's breath began to grow short and she could feel an orgasm looming. "UHH- UHH- UHH-" she shouted each time she slammed her pussy down and the man thrust up to meet it. Her body began to shiver and shake. Her voice suddenly turned to a low growl. "Cum for me.. Cum for me.. Cum for me..." she kept repeating, looking first at the man below her and then to Elijah. As her body began to tense up, Elijah looked at her feet and saw her toes curling again. He knew what time it was and felt his own long-delayed orgasm brewing with her. "FUUUUUUUCK," Brie screamed as her body shot straight up and the orgasm coursed through her every nerve. Her pussy began to contract and tighten around the man's cock and it began to push him over the edge too.
"OH FUCK, I'M CUM- I'M CUMMING," he groaned as his cock began to empty another hot load of cum into her pussy, his balls twitching with each stream he shot. Even as Brie's whole body was overwhelmed by pleasure shooting from her head to her toes, she mustered the energy to quickly turn to Elijah and look up at him with an adoring gaze.
"I love you so much," she whispered to him with the little breath she could muster.
"I love-," was all he could get out in response before his own face began to contort and his cock began erupting. Brie opened her mouth wide but his orgasm proved too powerful, shooting thick wads of cum all across her cheeks and forehead, only a little getting in her mouth. His knees began to grow weak and he wobbled a bit, dropping the phone. Brie quickly hopped off the man on the bed and got down on her knees on the floor, grabbing Elijah and steadying him. As he looked down at her, she swallowed the cum in her mouth with a huge smile and finally, mercifully took his cock in her mouth, sucking it deeply and tenderly, draining out the remaining cum and cleaning up the mess.
Even after she had thoroughly emptied him, she kept sucking, not wanting to let him out of her mouth until finally, he pushed her off, his cock too sensitive to take anymore. He collapsed onto the ground across from her the two just sat there for a moment staring at each other before both erupted into laughter. They both fell back, giggling until they lost their breath, Brie clutching at her stomach as her abs strained from the laughter.
"Holy shit," she was finally able to chuckle out.
"Holy shit is right," Elijah answered.
"What the fuck is happening?" Jessie asked, baffled by the sounds she heard as the phone pointed face down at the ground. Brie picked it up and held it towards her, smiling for the camera as she proudly displayed her cum-covered face for Jessie.
"Hell yeah, girlie," Jessie answered with a little clap. "From one of them?"
"It's mine," Elijah answered.
"Oh! Hi Elijah!" Jessie added with the sort of casual friendliness she used any other time she saw him. "Sorry I called your dick small! I actually think it's really nice."
"Thanks," he said with a laugh. "You've got nice tits too."
"Why thank you," she answered with a giggle and a blush.
"You two will have to show each other in person sometime," Brie added.
"I like the sounds of that," Jessie responded with a wiggle of her eyebrows.
"Can you get me a towel, babe?" Brie asked, the sense of domesticity between her and Elijah coming back surprisingly naturally.
"Sure," he answered, getting up and walking to the bathroom.
"What about my boys?" Jessie asked. Brie pointed the phone at the bed where Jessie could see them both passed out. She laughed. "I think they earned their money."
"Fuck yes they did," Brie answered as Elijah returned with a towel. "Thanks, babe," she said as she took it and wiped the cum from her face. He used another towel to wipe down his sweat and passed it over for Brie to do the same.
"Well, I should probably let you two lovebirds get to celebrating," Jessie said.
"This wasn't already the celebration?" Brie giggled, holding up the cum-stained towel to the phone.
"Well I'm assuming Elijah probably had somethingverydifferent in mind when he showed up at your door."
"Oh yeah," Brie laughed, "What was your big surprise?" she said, looking up at him.
"Well... it was supposed to be me," he answered.
"Oh, shit," she replied. In the wake of everything that had just transpired, it had somehow gotten lost on her that he had in fact traveled 5000 miles to see her on her birthday. She stood up and pulled him in for a kiss. "Consider me surprised," she said before kissing him again. "I missed you so much."
"I also brought cake," he added. Brie burst into laughter again.
"Cake... pffffft... you know... cake sounds good."
"Alright, I'm gonna go," Jessie interjected, "but I hope you had a happy birthday, Boo!"
"Oh, you know I had thehappiestbirthday," Brie answered.
"You need to tell me everything about how that felt tomorrow."
"Bitch, I'm gonna send youfourmen tomorrow and you can find out yourself. You earned it." Jessie clapped innocently and giggled.
"Love you, Booooo."
"Love you, too!" Brie answered as she ended the call. She looked over at Elijah and again they just giggled at each other.
Brie walked over to the bathroom and sat down on the toilet, peeing and trying to push out the cum that was still inside her. Elijah came in and washed his face in the sink beside her. Brie laughed to herself, thinking of how much the scene reminded her of the two of them getting ready for bed on any normal night, with the minor addition of her wiping the cum of two strangers from her nether regions. She looked up at Elijah.
"Sooooooo," she said.
"Sooooooo," he answered back.
"Are we gonna talk about that?" They both laughed again.
"We'll have plenty of time to talk about it tomorrow."
"But you're not mad."
"No."
"You're sure?"
"Very sure."
"You know I love you, right?" she said with a sincere smile. He walked over to the toilet and bent down in front of her.
"And I've never been more sure that I love you than I am right now," he said, bringing her in for a passionate kiss. The two made out for a moment.
"God, we must be all kinds of fucked up," she said with a laugh, breaking off their kiss.
"Ehhhh, being normal is boring." They both giggled and got up, exiting the bathroom.
"What should we do about them?" Elijah asked, pointing to the bedroom. Brie walked over and shut off the light.
"Ehhh, Jessie paid for them for the whole night, I think they earned the rest," she said, closing the bedroom door. "There's a second bedroom anyway."
They wandered into the kitchen and got two pieces of the birthday cake Elijah had brought. They took them into the other bedroom and ate in bed, laying naked beside each other as they talked about her day at work and laughed about the story of his awful flight. It was truly the vision of domestic bliss, and apart from their unclothed state, little of it would indicate to an outsider what had been happening less than an hour ago.
This feeling of calm and normalcy after a night of sexual depravity was new and strange for Brie, but she didn't yet know how normal it would become for them in the near future. Nor did she know how the next morning, she and Elijah would have the best sex they'd ever had together. Nor did she know that, once he went back to the U.S., she would ask Jessie for the number of the escort service and begin booking men regularly for the remainder of her time abroad, video-chatting with Elijah as she fucked them or sending him videos after the fact. It was a whole new world of sexual adventure she was about to embark on, but as she finally turned off the lights and lay down in bed, Elijah's arms wrapped tight around her and the warmth of their nude bodies coalescing under the sheets, all she could think was, "Happy fucking birthday indeed."