This is the story of an older couple who shared building a business but ran into trouble with their relationship and are getting back together but in a more open manner.
Edited by WindySwimming
Angie and Lucy do a video for Bob
The next morning Bob was gone before Angie got up. He left her this note on the refrigerator, 'Had to get into the office early and could not bring myself to wake you. You looked so beautiful sleeping. I am really enjoying our relationship renaissance and I hope you are. See you tonight. Love, Bob.' Angie was almost in tears thinking about Bob writing her this note early this morning.
After her workout with Mark, she had to rush home to meet Lucy to see the clothes she had purchased. Angie had been looking forward to this for several days. It would be interesting to see what Lucy had picked out. Angie showered and was just drying off when the intercom buzzed from the doorman saying she had a visitor. Angie decided not to worry with makeup or dressing and simply put on a robe to see Lucy.
"Hi Lucy," Angie greeted Lucy. Lucy was followed in by the doorman carrying bags and boxes. Angie tipped the doorman.
"I know it looks like a lot of stuff," Lucy started, "but I wanted you to have some choices. So feel free to return what is not to your absolute liking. It looks like you just showered, so let's do underwear first."
"Fine," Angie said. "It is about eleven, want to do underwear and then let's have some lunch. I have made us a salad. Is that okay?"
"Sounds good. I think this will take a couple of hours. Do you have any else today?"
"I have a student in the building at three, so we should be good."
For the next hour, Angie tried on a lot of sexy bras and panties. The bras did do a lot more for her than the ones she had. They all were far more revealing and sheer than anything she had and in many different forms and shapes. Lucy also had brought a couple of bikinis to try.
As she tried on one of the new bikinis looking at herself in the mirror, she saw a lot of flesh. Both were cut to show most of her ass cheeks and did not come close to covering her large breasts. They were both standard cut bikinis, one black and the other yellow. "Don't you think these show how big I am?"
"Yes they do," Lucy defended. "But you have a big beautiful body, why not show it off?"
"I guess, to me, well, ..., I just don't know. Maybe something that is a little more conservative."
"Do you really want to go that route?" Lucy said. "I thought you said Bob wanted you to dress more provocatively."
"He does and so do I," Angie demurred. "But maybe hide a little more of my big ass."
"Ok, I will take these both back and try again."
"It is noon," Angie started, "let's have lunch."
They sat down to their lunch. "How much did Bob tell you about our situation?" Angie asked.
"Some. He said the two of you were kind of starting over and this was part of a plan to resurrect your relationship."
"Well, he caught me cheating on him. As a result, he wants me to pay a price and that price is to become a more sexually active person not just with him but others. But he wants me to share those experiences with him."
"I see," Lucy said. "I have failed at marriage twice. Both times because they cheated on me. So I have decided to have casual open relationships. I have one main man now that is very open to a sexually liberated lifestyle and I have never been happier. We are sexually active with several couples and have participated many times in swaps or shared experiences. It can work and be very exciting. I think the key for it to work is to make sure you are committed to each other."
"Good advice," Angie said. "Here is why I am bringing it up. You suggested you would be open to a girl on girl session with me. I have been thinking about it. My thinking is to make a movie for Bob with myself and another girl and surprise him with it. I think it would really turn him on and be a plus for me. And honestly, I am curious about it. Would you consider something like that?"
"You mean making a movie between the two of us and showing it only to Bob?"
"Yes. I can assure you no one will see it except Bob and I."
"I want a copy and will assure you that it will never be made public. I will show it to my boyfriend for the same reason you want to show it to Bob. I have done girl on girl several times for guys to watch so nothing new for me."
"Then let's do it after we finish with the clothes," Angie concluded. "I have decided to keep the bikinis. If you think I don't look like a fat pig in them then I may wear them."
"Angie you are big in all the right places. I mean look how small I am. I always think I could be larger and am envious of your size."
"Ok, I will take your word."
They finished the clothes fitting. Angie did send back several outfits but kept most of them. They made the movie together.
As Lucy left, Angie said, "Thank you so much for helping me today. Can I pay you extra for your, hah, time?"
"Absolutely not, it was my pleasure. I will be back in contact. I want to know what Bob thinks. Maybe the four of us could get together. Like I said, I have a boyfriend that likes this kind of thing."
"Let's talk," Angie said. "Bob has been a little secretive about when our trip to the Caribbean is but a double date sounds like fun. By the way, do you know where Bob plans to take me?"
"I do but can't tell you. Bob made me promise."
"Okay," Angie said disappointed. "Thanks again for your help."
Bob got home at seven. Angie had the movie ready to go. She was wearing one of her new outfits. It was a thin flowery cotton sundress with spaghetti straps and a bodice with a push up feature which made a bra unnecessary and cut low enough to show lots of cleavage and breasts. It slimmed her waist with a skirt that ballooned out over her hips accentuating her hour glass figure.
"You look mighty pretty tonight!" Bob said to Angie.
"Thank you, Lord," Angie said smiling. "Your servant has a treat for you tonight."
"What is that?"
"Well first I have a nice dinner for your pleasure," Angie said with delight. "Then I have a movie for you to watch and hopefully you will allow your poor servant Penelope to pleasure you."
"That sounds like a good evening," said Bob. "Let me get more comfortable."
Angie and Bob had dinner together. After dinner and straightening up the kitchen, Bob and Angie went to the TV room. Angie put in the DVD. Angie explained, "As you know Lucy brought the clothes she had purchased for me. Lucy had implied when she did the fitting that she would like some girl on girl action with me. Honestly, I was curious. I also thought it would be a treat for you to watch me try. So I asked Lucy if she would let me record a session. She agreed provided we assure her no one would see it but you and I plus she wanted to show it to her boyfriend. I agreed."
Angie waited for Bob to agree. "I absolutely agree."
"So I want this to be for extra credit against my servitude, if you enjoy it. If it disgusts you, then we will stop it and I will throw it away. But if you enjoy it I was thinking maybe you would let me pleasure you while you watch. What do you think?"
"I think Penelope is about to get a ton of extra credit and have a great evening."
Angie removed her dress leaving her wearing nothing. She removed Bob's clothes. With that Angie hit play. As the video started Angie was sitting on the bed with Lucy removing her robe. Lucy was already naked. She was cute all over. Small compared to Angie. She was just a little pudgy for a small girl. A nice rounded ass and pert B cups.
Lucy was in control. It seemed strange to Bob to have this girl so small compared to Angie being the one in control. She laid the robe back leaving Angie completely exposed. She French kissed Angie as she fondled her big tits. She kissed down Angie neck to the top of her breasts. As Bob was watching he fondled Angie's breast.
Lucy kissed down Angie's large breast to the brown areola to her nipples. Lucy hands were so small compared to Angie's breast they could barely be seen supporting them. She sucked on Angie's nipples as her hand went between Angie's legs. Bob maneuvered Angie where he could nibble on Angie nipples and still glance at the TV. Angie spread her legs so he could put a finger in her pussy much the way Lucy was doing on the TV.
"That is really turning me on," Bob said.
"I'm so glad you aren't disgusted," Angie stated.
Lucy pushed Angie back on the bed. The camera was angled at the foot of the bed. Angie laid back as Lucy was on all fours kissing and rubbing from Angie's breasts to her pussy. This angle allowed Bob to see Lucy's butt and her spread pussy from behind. Lucy had a pudgy little butt and a little girl looking pussy covered with a light colored fuzz.
As this scene played out on the screen, Bob was twirling his finger around Angie's wet clitoris. Angie was stroking his hard dick in her hand.
Lucy lay face down on the bed between Angie's legs with her face in the V of her legs. Lucy's mouth was working up and down Angie's slit. Lucy's butt was nice and rounded clearly in the center of the picture. Angie's hips were beginning to flex up and down on Lucy's mouth.
Bob watched as Lucy licked up and down Angie's slit which Angie obviously enjoyed. Angie bent over and sucked Bob's hard penis. "Oh my God that feels so good and I am so excited from watching Lucy suck on your beautiful fat pussy. It is amazing the contrast between your two bodies."
Angie worked up and down Bob's dick as he watched Lucy get on her hands and knees again, taking a vibrator and shoving it in Angie's pussy. Angie was bucking on the vibrator deeply imbedded in her soppy pussy as Lucy had moved to the side and was kissing her breasts. Lucy then raised up and said something to Angie.
"What is Lucy say to you?" Bob asked Angie.
Angie looked up and explained, "She asked if I would suck her clit. Watch and you will see the answer."
"Sit on my lap sideways, put it in so I can watch," Bob commanded.
So Angie sat on his lap with an arm around his neck and his hard dick in her wet pussy. Bob could now see that Angie had agreed to suck Lucy's slit. Lucy was on her hands and knees with her pussy over Angie's mouth while fucking Angie's pussy with the vibrator. The angle of the camera showed the vibrator being pounded hard in and out of Angie's pussy while Angie sucked on Lucy's clit.
While Bob watched the action between Lucy and Angie, Angie was rocking her hips back and forth on Bob's penis. "Oh baby that feels so good. Your pussy feels so good."
Bob then grabbed her waist, raised her up slightly and raised and lowered his hips so his penis was going straight in and out of her pussy. Angie large ripe mounds were rippling from the force of Bob's thrusts. "Oh my Lord, you are giving me so many orgasms," Angie said with tension in her voice.
"It is turning me on so much to see your pussy taking that vibrator all the way while you suck Lucy pretty little pussy."
"Oh baby, can I straddle you and you still watch?" Angie asked.
"Yes, my wanton whore."
Angie straddled him facing him. She could now pound her hips up and down plus back and forth and have his dick inside her to the max. Bob was watching Lucy and Angie masturbating the other and both having quivers from the pleasure they were experiencing. Bob had both hands on Angie's big breast while she absorbed all of his elongated member.
"Oh baby, I am about to cum, cum with me," Bob said loudly.
"Oh yes, oh yes, ...," Angie said over and over as Bob erupted in her quivering pussy. On the screen Angie and Lucy had finished and were hugging each other as they came down from their high. Angie kept moving back and forth until Bob's ejaculation finished. Angie hugged him between her mammoth mounds with his dick softening inside her.
She kissed him hard and long on the mouth as his dick softened enough to escape her pussy lips. "Did you enjoy that?" Angie asked.
"Oh baby, you know I did. And I am pretty sure you did also. But how did you like the action with Lucy?"
"It was okay but I like a penis better," Angie said with a smile. "I would do it again if you wanted me. Does Penelope get extra payment against her debt?"
"A lot," Bob said smirking. "She is close to having her debt paid. I think one more night will do it. I have one more event planned Saturday night."
"Penelope is ready for whatever. I thought we were going on vacation?"
"We will soon."
Angie thought, "When are you going to tell me where we are going?"
"You will know when we get there. Remember Gunnison Beach worked out well that way."
Angie gave the DVD to Bob saying, "To watch at your pleasure."
"Thank you, babe," Bob said. "That was great."
"You know Lucy wants us to double date with her boyfriend and herself. Would you like that?" Angie asked.
"If you would."
"I think it would be fun. Maybe after we get back from wherever we are going."
Angie was happy to have a couple days to recoup before the next challenge. She was looking forward to meeting the challenge of whatever Bob had planned.
The girls entertain a business prospect for Bob and DeShawn
Friday morning at breakfast, Bob was ready to tell Angie about her final challenge. "Everything's ready for your final challenge. Do well on this one, the servitude will be over and we will revisit our agreement. This week DeShawn and I have been discussing how we can do business together. We are potentially going to merge his business in New Jersey into our firm and make DeShawn a partner in the combined firm. One of the tests is to determine if we can attract a larger firm to his operation in New Jersey. We have one potential Jersey client that is close to signing on with DeShawn. DeShawn thinks that having the business combined would make it happen. So we are entertaining three of the decision makers Saturday night here in the city."
Angie smiled and said, "You want my help entertaining the decision makers."
"Yes. Of course you know that we usually hire pros but DeShawn and I decided that you, Sam and Shan would be better for this opportunity. We will introduce you two as high end call girls. Of course you will be Penelope and Shan will be Cherry. We will have dinner, and then the three girls will go back to the penthouse suite Sam has arranged for the clients. Sam is in charge of entertainment and has agreed to participate. What do you think?"
"Well, ah, has Shan agreed to this?"
"Yes. It turns out Shan has been providing entertainment for DeShawn since before they were married. Now she usually arranges pros but for important prospects takes care of it herself."
"So you and DeShawn will come for dinner, while Sam, Shan and I will entertain the guests after dinner?"
"You got it. DeShawn and Shan are driving into the city Saturday morning and staying with us through Sunday afternoon. DeShawn, Sam and I are meeting with the client Saturday for lunch at the office. We will work though the afternoon and meet you at the Four Seasons. Shan wants to go to lunch and shop in the city with you. Call Lucy, she has arranged spa treatments and shopping for you and Shan. Of course you can buy whatever you think is needed for the evening."
"Okay I'm in and to be honest it sounds like fun. It will be great to spend the weekend with Shan and DeShawn. But how will you determine that I pass?"
"If we get the client," Bob said smiling. He paused and then said, "Just kidding. I think you will know."
"I think you just want some more of Shan's ass," Angie said with a laugh as she hugged Bob. "I am up for the challenge My Lord."
"And you want more of DeShawn's large cock," Bob said hugging her back.
"Who is the potential client?" Angie asked.
Bob explained that it was a large manufacturing firm with operations all over the Northeast, doing business internationally and headquartered in New Jersey looking for a minority owned firm that has enough depth to handle a complex organization accounting wise. Bob added, "I will meet them for the first time Saturday at lunch. According to DeShawn, Mort, the CFO, is about fifty and seems to be a hard ass. He will be your charge. Earl, about thirty, is the Director of Compliance and Diversity. This is a new position at the firm and this will be an important first step for him. DeShawn thinks Shan will be best for him. Sam will take the Marketing executive, Tony. He sounds like a middle aged cad."
Bob went off to work as Angie went to the gym. She had tutoring sessions all afternoon before going home to fix dinner for Bob. She was so anxious and excited about the weekend, she could hardly focus on the tutoring sessions. On Saturday morning Angie was still very excited especially about having Shan and DeShawn in their home. They arrived about 10:30. After settling them into the guest bedroom, Bob and DeShawn went into the office.
"How do you feel about doing this?" Shan asked Angie as they sat with a cup of coffee.
"Well, this is new for me so I am a little anxious," Angie answered pensively.
"You know DeShawn and I met at a party for athletes at our university. He was a wrestler and I ran track and it was not unusual for the male and female athletes to attend parties together and for lack of a different description it many times turned into an orgy."
"I am not surprised you were and are both athletes. DeShawn is so ripped, I thought football player. You have such muscular legs and gluts; track makes perfect sense."
"Well my butt is fleshier than back then but I still work at it."
"You have a beautiful ass," Angie responded. "Bob certainly likes it."
"Anyway, we got into the open life style and did swaps before we were married. Many of our dates were with married couples who wanted to swap. DeShawn paid me to entertain some of his potential clients before we got married. I have been doing it for free since we married. Well I get shopping sprees for a job well done and DeShawn's gratitude."
"I figured something like that Sunday at the beach. It was clear this was more normal for the two of you. Bob and I are close to deciding this is what we want. He caught me cheating on him and has blackmailed me to be well more like you. Much to my surprise I am enjoying the attention. I really enjoyed our day at the beach. I do love Bob and think he loves me, in spite of all that has happened."
"I think he does," Shan agreed. "Besides, Bob is really a good fuck."
"DeShawn is pretty darn good himself," Angie said slapping Shan on the shoulder. "And what a dick."
"To die for," Shan said shaking her head.
They had lunch and continued discussing the day and their relationships. Lucy had arranged shopping first and then a session at a salon to do hair and makeup.
Angie and Shan needed to be at the Four Seasons at seven for cocktails. So Angie and Shan showered making sure not to muck up their makeup. The dress Shan had selected was a blue sapphire knit bandage dress that perfectly fit her body. It had a high neckline with cut out over each tit that gave a nice peak at her perky set. It was a crossover design below the waist that made a V in front below her crotch. The dress hemline was above mid-thigh and with the V at the crossover came close to showing off her crotch. The cut of the dress accentuated Shan's muscular legs and big muscular ass. She had selected white high heel strappy sandals that had straps all the way up her calves almost to the knees accentuating her muscular calves.
Angie wore a strapless black button front sheath dress. The top had a square neck that started well below the swelling of Angie's breasts. The material did not meet between her breasts and was held together with four gold brads with gold button on either side, leaving a good four inches uncovered from her neck to the waist of the dress. The dress had built in support for Angie G cups making her giant tits look even bigger. It pushed the most amount of flesh possible in the open area making it look like Angie's breasts started at her neck and continued to mid stomach, the dress was meant to accentuate her breasts. Angie wore three heavy gold brads as a necklace and earrings that were three gold brads that hung to her shoulder. It also had gold buttons around the waist. She matched a short waist black leather jacket with gold buttons to cover her shoulders and arms. She wore a pair of high heel black velvet pumps.
Angie looked in the mirror and thought,well at least that is sexy.
Shan walked in as Angie looked in the mirror and said, "You are beautiful."
This shook Angie out of her trance. She looked at Shan and said, "So are you. These guys don't have a chance tonight."
"No they don't," Shan smiled.
"Shan you are so sexy looking in that dress. Really makes your legs and ass look like a man would have to have them."
"I think we both have that 'come fuck me look', don't we?"
"Yes, I think we got what we were looking for, slutty class," Angie smiled.
Edward picked them up in the limo to take them to the restaurant. "Mrs H you look fabulous and I barely recognize your BFF clothed."
"Thank you, Edward," Angie said.
"Which do you like better, clothed or not clothed?" Shan said as she extended her hand which Edward kissed.
"Not sure," Edward said, "hard to pick."
As they entered the Four Seasons they were greeted by Sam. Sam was wearing a red strapless floor length gown that had slits up the front of both legs. The slit extended to the waist. Angie wondered if she was wearing underwear. None was visible. She also wore diamond earrings and necklace. She wore high heel red pumps.
"So good to see you again Angie," Sam said as she hugged her. "It has been awhile. I understand I am to call you Penelope."
"That is correct," Angie said. "This is my friend and DeShawn's wife Shan. She will be called Cherry tonight."
"Good to meet you Shan," Sam said. "DeShawn is very impressive. I think we are very close to landing a very large fish here. So far it has gone well. You two just look fabulous. Classy and sexy all rolled up in one."
"We will do our best to help you close the deal," Shan said. "And I must say you look beautiful also."
Angie and Shan checked their jackets at the front desk. Sam lead them to a small private dining area where the boys were already drinking cocktails.
Sam said as she entered, "Let me introduce everyone. This is Penelope and Cherry."
"Hi everyone," Angie and Shan responded.
"This is DeShawn, Bob, Mort, Tony and Earl," Sam said pointing to each. "Penelope sit next to Mort and Cherry sat next to Earl." Sam sat next to Tony while Bob and DeShawn sat a little apart.
"Penelope, you are really beautiful," Mort said to Angie starring down at the mound of flesh protruding from the gap in her dress.
Mort was balding with a little paunch and a little shorter than Angie.
Earl was about six feet tall, blond with blue eyes and very handsome. He also complimented Shan on her beauty. Tony was the typical tall Italian in his mid-forties, a little overweight but still good looking. The guys were clearly on their second cocktail. Bob ordered an expensive bottle of Chardonnay. Sam, Angie and Shan drank wine while the guys continued to drink cocktails until the main dish. With the main course the wine steward offered both a red and white.
During the meal Mort continued to stare at Angie's exposed breasts. Earl kept his hand on Shan's thighs which were completely exposed. Her dress pulled down barely covered her pretty pussy. Sam's dress draped so the center piece of material covered her pussy but exposed her legs to her waist.
As they were having after dinner drinks Mort whispered to Angie, "Are you girls going to continue the party after dinner?" Mort asked.
"I think Sam has a plan," Angie whispered back. "Be patient."
Mort looked chastened but whispered, "I will but I really want to see the rest of those gorgeous tits."
Angie smiled saying while placing her hand on Mort's upper thigh, "Calm down big boy. Good things come to those who wait."
Mort said, "I'll try but it is hard." Then thought and laughed realizing the double entendre. Angie gave him a smile and slid her hand to his crotch, giving it a slight squeeze. Angie realized Mort was not packing much.
As everyone finished dessert cocktails, Bob said, "DeShawn and I are going to call it a night, we have wives to take care of, but if you guys want the girls to join you for a night cap, I think they might."
Sam said to Angie and Shan, "Want to join our dates for a night cap?"
"Sure would," Shan said looking at Angie as she nodded yes.
Once at the suite Sam said, "Anyone want a drink?" The girls went to the whiskey cabinet and pored them all stiff drinks.
Sam sat on the couch with Tony. Angie sat in an oversize chair with Mort as Shan did the same with Earl. Mort continued to stare at the ample breasts poking out of Angie's dress. Shan had pulled her skirt up to almost show her bare pussy.
Sam clearly was not wearing underwear as the slits in her dress had gaped open showing skin to her waist. Tony was not hiding the fact that he was feeling up Sam with his right hand. She was a little jealous of Sam, as Tony was clearly the sexiest of the guys and she thought with the largest dick. But she knew she had a duty to entertain Mort and knew she would get a shot at DeShawn later.
Angie said to Mort, "Want to go to the bedroom?"
"Absolutely," Mort said. Angie and Mort went to the bedroom while Shan and Earl headed to the second bedroom. As Angie closed the door she saw Sam standing to remove her dress.
Mort sat on the bed as Angie slowly removed her dress. Angie was wearing nothing under the dress so Mort was shown everything as soon as the dress was removed. "You have the most beautiful breasts I have ever seen."
"Thank you," Angie said, "now let's get your clothes off." Angie bent over to unbutton his shirt as her tits hung very close to Mort. Once his shirt was off Angie knelt to unzip his pants and slid them off. She then slid his underwear off displaying a small hard dick. His was a five-incher. Angie knew she would need more before the night was out. Even though he was already hard she took his small dick in her mouth. She worked it up and down until she was afraid he would come before she could have at least one orgasm. She pushed him back on the bed, straddled his hips and slipped his small dick in her gaping fat pussy. She wanted an orgasm badly and knew she would have to work at it. She took both his hand and had him squeeze her tits. She placed both her hands on the top of her pussy, making her clit move tighter to his small dick. With the combination of Mort stimulating her tits, her stimulating her clit and his dick working in and out of her pussy she had a satisfying orgasm just before Mort came in her pussy.
"That was great Penelope," Mort said as Angie lay next to him as he continued to rub her now sensitive breast.
"Yes it was Mort," Angie said convincingly. "I enjoyed it. You like these tits don't you?"
"They are the best big breasts I have seen or felt. My wife has small sagging tits."
Angie was afraid he would be ready to screw again and she wanted a little more excitement for the next round. "Let's go have another drink and see what everyone else is doing," Angie instructed.
"Okay," Mort said without enthusiasm. Angie started toward the door nude as Mort worried, "Should we get dressed?"
"I don't think so. I imagine Sam is still taking care of business."
When Angie opened the door she saw she was right. Tony was laying on the couch with Sam riding him. Shan was still in the bedroom with Earl. Mort dropped his mouth open as he saw the sight of Sam taking Tony. Angie said to him, "Sit and watch the show while I get us a drink."
Mort and Angie sat in the chair, drinking their drink while watching Sam take Tony in her pussy. There was some hand lotion on the side table which Angie used to get Mort hard again. Sam looked at Mort's growing dick. Sam said to Angie, "Penelope take the lotion and lube my ass hole. I think Mort might enjoy taking me in the ass. Would you Mort?"
Mort shook his head enthusiastically. Angie took the lotion and greased Sam's anus. Angie guided Mort over to couch, had him stand between Tony's legs, lined up his dick to Sam's asshole and guided him into Sam's tight hole. Sam was obviously accustomed to DP as Mort's small dick easily slip into her anus. Sam had a hard well rounded ass. Angie sat back in the chair to watch while Sam slammed back and forth with Tony's dick thrusting into her pussy as Mort's dick was extracted from her ass. Then reversed. Sam was clearly enjoying this.
Again Angie was jealous. She took both hands and massaged her wet pussy. She rubbed her fingers in and out of her pussy as the two men slammed into Sam. Tony came first making a loud sound. Tony waited for Mort to come in Sam's butt while Angie continued to masturbate. This while being a little satisfying however was only making Angie want DeShawn large penis more.
Shan and Earl had returned from the bedroom and had watched the show with the four of them. She had dyed the purple heart patch white so it contrasted against her dark skin. Angie thought this really made the patch stand out.
It was now late as Sam, Shan and Angie dressed. Sam said, "Okay gentlemen the party is over. I will call you Monday afternoon to discuss what you want to do next. I hope we have persuaded you that the partnership of Bob's and DeShawn's firm are best to take care of your needs."
Earl said, "Let's us discuss it with our management team and I will have an answer Monday afternoon. But I can tell you the three of us will recommend your firms."
Sam said, "Great. We hope you have enjoyed the evening."
Mort said, "We have had a terrific time. Can we have Cherry and Penelope's contact information, in case we make it back to Manhattan and want another good time?"
Sam answered, "Cherry and Penelope are exclusive and only take very special parties. Say good night gentlemen."
Each girl kissed their guy good night and left.
Sam, Shan and Angie found Edward waiting for them in the lobby and took them back to the condo. he said, "Are you ladies finished for the night?"
Sam said, "Take Angie and Shan to the condo and drop me off at my apartment and you have the night off."
"Yes ma'am," Edward said.
Angie asked Shan, "How was Earl?"
"He was a beast. He has a nice sized penis and is in great shape. He fucked my pussy hard before we came in to watch you four. I had a nice set of orgasms. It was a good screw but I am anxious to have Bob tonight. How was Mort?"
"He was small and not very energetic. I had a few small orgasms but I had to work for those. It was okay to masturbate while Sam took Tony and Mort. But it only raised my appetite for DeShawn's big dick when we get back to the condo." Angie put her hand to her mouth realizing this might make Shan mad and said, "If that is OK with you?"
"No worries, I expected that we would share. Talking about it is making me horny but I think the guys are going to be frothing at the mouth to fuck us." Shan thought for a minute and asked Sam, "Want to join us and help the guys?"
Sam thought for a minute and answered, "Thanks for the offer but I need some sleep. Tony was very satisfying but one of the days I would love to share your two guys."
"Your loss," Angie said. "DeShawn is something to see."
Shan said, "Not to worry, Sam. If we make this deal, there will be a celebration and you will get a shot at DeShawn then."
"That's a deal," Sam said.
As Angie and Shan were coming up to the condo door, Shan said, "Let's tease the guys a little by claiming we are too tired to do anything but take a shower and go to bed. We will have a nightcap with them wearing tease outfits."
"Sounds like fun," Angie agreed.
Bob, Angie, DeShawn and Shan finish off the night with another round of sex
As Angie and Shan entered the condo, Bob and DeShawn were sitting on the couch, wearing pajama bottoms and no shirts watching sports center.
"Did you guys have a good night?" Angie asked standing in front of them with her hands on her hips.
"Not really," Bob started, "come here we are ready to fuck." Bob and DeShawn had planned to jump them as soon as they came in.
"We are tired," Shan said. "We have had a long hard night. Just want to take a shower and go to bed."
"Please baby we need some relief," DeShawn said.
"We are well satisfied," Angie said. "I am a little sore, aren't you Shan?"
"I really am," Shan said. "That last round wore me out. Let's get a shower."
"At least, tell us how it went," DeShawn begged. "Did they say something we need to know?"
"Yes, I believe they did," Angie said coyly. "Ok we will take our shower, have a night cap and tell you a little about the evening. You boys cool down and watch TV."
DeShawn and Bob looked disappointed but shrugged an okay.
Angie said to Shan, "Let me show you where everything is especially the shampoo. I need to get the cum out my hair and I am sure you do to."
"Yep, especially my cunt heart needs to be scrubbed clean," Shan said smiling.
The girls took a shower and really did wash their hair. They left it wet. Angie wore a thin silk pajama top and nothing else. It draped a couple inches below her pussy but her rear end was large enough so it only half covered. She left it unbuttoned to the bottom of her breasts.
Shan wore a sheer short baby doll that hit just above the white heart cubic hair patch above her slit. She wore a G-string that had string around her hips and in her big ass cheeks with three strands of pearls that kind of covered her slit. The pearls started at the point of the purple heart. It was very sexy.
"Girl that is sexy," Angie said. "I should have been more creative."
"Don't worry, DeShawn would do anything to see those G's you have barely hidden."
As they entered the TV room, Bob and DeShawn looked miserable. Angie almost was ready to stop the charade but was enjoying it too much as they both stared with lust at their sexy wives.
"Do you guys want a night cap?" Angie asked. "Shan I am going to have one more glass of white wine before we turn in. What about you?"
"That sounds good." Shan answered. "I am going to get us a towel and sit in this easy chair. I don't want your furniture stained from my leaking pussy."
"Good idea, get me one also."
Shan grabbed a towel for each and they sat in chairs facing the guys. The guys were slobbering with lust as Angie handed them each a neat scotch and Shan her wine. She bent slightly in front of DeShawn so he could see her ass and know that she was not wearing panties.
"So what do you guys want to know?" Angie said.
"Did they say anything about the deal?" DeShawn said trying to get his mind off fucking Angie.
"You know when Mort was groping my tits he said something about how impressed they were with the presentation," Angie said.
Shan pushed aside Angie's shirt taking one of Angie's massive breasts in both hands and said, "You mean Mort really liked these. DeShawn do you think it is possible that Mort slobbered over these mounds all night."
"Yes I do," DeShawn said. "Can I touch them now?"
"I thought you wanted to hear what they said?" Angie demurred. Angie said, "Didn't Earl say something about wanting a minority owned business as he fucked you. Let Bob feel what Earl left in you."
Shan bent over in front of Bob and pulled the pearls from her slit and said, "Bob stick your finger in and see if Earl's cum is still lodged there. While he was filling me up with his semen he said something about wanting a minority business. Or was it he liked fucking my dark twat? Not sure which."
Bob poked a finger in Shan's pussy and said, "Yes it is still wet with Earl's jizzum. Can I add some of my fluid to Earl's before you go to bed?"
"Well maybe, I need to know what I will get," Shan cooed. Bob took the hint and removed his pajama bottoms.
Shan kneeled and took his dick in her mouth, and mumbled between sucks, "I think maybe I will take you before I go to bed. Angie let DeShawn feel Mort's deposit."
Angie removed her shirt, put a foot on the couch next to DeShawn and spread her pussy lips inviting DeShawn to finger her pussy.
"Is Mort still in me?" Angie asked.
"Yes," DeShawn said as he rammed his middle finger in Angie's slit. "But I think I can add a lot more."
Angie stooped and removed DeShawn's pajama bottoms and said, "That is four times the size of Mort's dick and my pussy really wanted it all night. Mort was only a warm up for how good that will feel."
Angie was ready so she put a knee on either side of DeShawn's hips and slid his massive piece of meat in to the hilt with one stroke, held it there and convulsed for what seemed like minutes. Angie finally said, "Oh my that felt good, I have been wanting that big dick in me since last Sunday."
In the meantime, Shan had removed her G-string and had straddled Bob in the same manner and had his dick impaled on her wanting pussy. She also had an immediate orgasm.
Angie took DeShawn's head and put it between her large cleavage while pinching her nipples until they were excited and extended. She continued to grind slowly back and forth on his large member. In this position it felt like his long hard member was in her stomach. It felt so good compared to Mort short small penis. She could now have an orgasm almost any moment. Her clit was being massaged with every movement. She kept it slow so she could maintain some control and keep DeShawn from ejaculating before she had all she wanted.
Bob had removed Shan's top and was kneading her tits with one hand while gripping one of her big muscular ass cheeks with the other as she ground his penis in and out of her pussy. Shan was going a little faster than Angie was and Angie knew that Bob would not last at this pace. Bob grabbed hold of both of Shan ass cheeks and slowed her down. He wanted to enjoy this longer. He then took his hand and found Angie's clit, massaging it as she continued to slowly rock back of forth on DeShawn's dick. Angie's orgasms increased with her husband helping her enjoy this man. DeShawn then did the same to Shan. Angie heard Shan groan from the pleasure of the simulation from both men.
Angie picked up her pace. DeShawn took hold of each of her plump ass cheeks and helped her pick up the pace and increase the force of his penis in her pussy.
Bob raised up and put Shan's knees on the couch with her arms on the back of the couch. He entered her still pulsing pussy from the back with each hand filled with an ass cheek spreading them to allow maximum penetration. Bob was ramming hard into Shan.
Angie again picked up her pace having continuous orgasms as DeShawn huge penis swelled.
Bob made a loud guttural sound as he deposited a large load into Shan. Angie could also begin to feel DeShawn's penis throbbing as his load was deposited deep in her vagina. Both girls felt limp from the magnitude of the sensations deep in their canals. Angie collapsed on DeShawn, wrapping her arms around the back of his head, his face hidden between her G sized breasts. Bob draped on Shan's back as he gently rubbed her torso as he lightly kissed her back. They stayed like this for some time.
As Angie came out of her trance she looked at the clock and saw that is for now well after one am. "Guys now it really is time to go to bed."
DeShawn said, "Hate for this to end but it is time for us all to get some sleep."
"You guys want to go to church tomorrow," Bob asked. "After last Sunday, Angie and I have decided to start back. We are going to the church just down the street. Service is at 10:30."
DeShawn looked at Shan and got a nod, "We would love too. Maybe have some lunch together then we need to get back to Jersey."
"Sounds good," Angie said as she got to her feet. "Shan do you know where everything is? Let me know if you need anything."
"We're good," Shan said. "Will see you tomorrow morning." The girls took a towel each and wiped off. Angie hugged DeShawn as Shan hugged Bob and they said good night as each couple went to their bedrooms.
Bob asked Angie, "Did you enjoy the day?"
"I sure did," Angie answered. "Did you?"
"Absolutely. I think it all went well." Bob wrapped his arms around Angie, placing a hand on each fat ass cheek and said, "But I am looking forward to fucking my luscious wife. God you looked sexy."
"You will get your turn soon. But now I need to sleep. My pussy is raw."
He kissed her long and hard. They fell into bed not worrying with pajamas and fell asleep immediately.
Bob awoke about six Sunday morning. He looked over at Angie sleeping soundly on her side with her back to him in a fetal position. Her nice round tanned ass was showing. Her skin looked so shiny and smooth. He could not keep from touching her. He started rubbing her shoulders. Slowing he rubbed from her shoulders to her spreading hips. She felt so good. He reached around so his hands could gently to rub her ample breasts. He cuddled up to her back so his growing crotch touching her ass and positioned itself nicely between her butt cheeks. He found her growing nipples and helped them extend by gently pinching each. His member was nettled between her ass cheeks as he squeezed her and kissed her neck.
Bob had been doing this for about 30 minutes when Angie revived enough to realize what was happening and that her body was responding involuntarily. She was still half asleep but knew her pussy was still sore. She reached a hand out to the drawer and pulled out the anal lube kept there. She placed the tube in Bob's hand that was rubbing her sore and sensitive breast, knowing he would know what she wanted.
He did. He took the lube and applied a generous amount on his fingers and rubbed the lube in her anus. He then massaged some onto his now throbbing penis. He slowly put his penis back in the welcoming crease of Angie's plumb mounds of flesh. His penis slipped close to the right location to enter. Angie reached back and positioned his penis at exactly the right place and relaxed her sphincter. She thought this was not something she could do a month ago but now she was almost as good as Shan at it. Bob gently pushed forward as Angie held his penis in the perfect position.
Bob slipped past her sphincter easily. Angie gave a slow groggy moan, letting him know it was good for her. Bob thought,I am so glad to have a wife that enjoys this.Bob continued to push forward until he thought he was far enough and stopped. His penis was about three quarters of the way in. He continued to gently rub Angie's breasts and stomach as he kissed her neck.
It felt so good that Angie went back to a near sleep. It felt like a dream to her. A very pleasurable dream. A wet dream as she felt her raw pussy twitching. She wondered if she could have an orgasm but stay in this pleasant dream state. She placed a hand over her clitoral hood. She did not want anything to penetrate her slit but rubbing the hood felt good. She could feel Bob slowly rocking in and out of her asshole. It was well lubed and relaxed. With each move in, he penetrated a little deeper. Slowly and pleasurably she had taken him in all the way. She could feel his balls rubbing against her soft fleshy cheeks. She had managed to maintain this dreamlike state but her clit had swollen and required some attention. She allowed her index finger to gently find it. As soon as she gently stoked it she had an orgasm.
Bob felt Angie orgasm through the thin wall between her vagina and anal canal. It made him hotter. He looked down at the big fleshy mounds of her ass. He was not sure if Shan or Angie had the best butt. They were both big and fleshy only Shan was more muscular. He watched his penis slowly moving in and out of this beautiful butt. He wanted to stay soothing so Angie could remain in this half sleep. He could feel her enjoyment and her repeated orgasms as she masturbated herself. They continued like this for some time with Bob keeping a slow pace just enough to enjoy but not enough to ejaculate. But it could not last forever even though they both wanted that. He eventually picked up his pace enough to cum but not enough to jostle her out of the dreamlike state. He pushed deep inside her anal channel as he was about to cum and held it there. She knew this was it and put more pressure on her clitoris so she could cum with him. Bob squirted deep in her anus making very small movement in and out. They both made low sounds of pleasure.
Angie did not move so Bob left his dick as deep in her anus as possible. He quietly whispered in her ear, "I love you."
Without opening her eyes or moving, she whispered back, "I love you too. Go back to sleep."
They remained in this position until Angie awoke at 8:30. Bob penis had shrunk to normal size but was still between her ass cheeks that were still wet with his fluids. She slowly got out of bed without waking him. She took a shower.
Angie and Shan came out of the bedroom about the same time and fixed breakfast for everyone. They ate, went to church and had lunch. Shan and Angie finally let Bob and DeShawn know that the deal really looked good and that Earl had told Sam that the three would recommend DeShawn's firm with Hall Partners. Bob said Sam had text him the same.
When Shan and DeShawn were ready to leave, Angie and Shan had to fight back tears as they hugged. Shan whispered to Angie, "I love you like a sister."
Angie whispered back, "Me too, like a fucking sister." They both laughed.
After they left Bob said to Angie, "I want you to come by the office tomorrow afternoon to modify the partnership. I am ready for a complete reset."
"Me too. I like where we are very much. So I passed the final exam."
"With flying colors. I also want you to know that I too was guilty of indiscretions. You just got caught and I took advantage of it. But I am glad how it worked out."
"Oh I knew you were unfaithful. When you caught me, I decided to see where you would take it instead of making war."
Bob rubbed his chin and said, "I think you are the smart one. I want to make our agreement right."
"How do you want it changed?"
"I want you to have 50% now with no conditions. You have earned it."
"I have not helped you for years so that is too generous. Let's make it 30% for me."
"Let's make it 40% and you agree to help Sam occasionally with the entertainment. As you know Sam is taking over much of the operation including the entertainment of clients. She could use a little help. It won't take a lot of time, so you can still do your tutoring job."
"I would like that. It will make me feel more a part of your life to help you with the business."
Epilogue
Angie got to the office at four Monday to meet Bob and Sam in his office. Angie and Bob signed the new agreement and discussed how Angie could work with Sam.
Later that week DeShawn agreed to merge his firm with Hall Partners, LLP and become a Senior Partner in the firm and be GM of the office in New Jersey. They then signed a new large client, Mort and Earl were at that signing ceremony. Bob, Angie, DeShawn and Shan celebrated. The following week Bob and Angie went on the vacation Bob planned as a reset of the failed one.
I like the characters Angie and Bob and plan to write more about them. My thinking is to make the next story about their make-up trip to a Caribbean island. Please, let me know your thoughts.