Jessica woke late the next morning, having been restless all night and finally finding a state of deep sleep. The white silk sheets were creased and stained from the night's activity, and her long, brown wavy hair was dishevelled. Her back and neck both ached, and her wrists were sore. Her chest, her face and various other places had been smeared. As she fully came to, she realised why she was in this state: because he had visited her.
In a panic, Jessica rose from her bed and quickly slipped down the stairs and along the hallway towards the glazed front door, checking that no outline appeared against the morning light outside. The door was safely locked, and not even a footprint in the soft carpet betrayed any evidence of his presence. Jessica heaved a sigh of relief, still holding the front door catch, leaning heavily against the door until her heart resumed its normal rhythm.
In her nakedness, Jessica felt chilled, not only by the unseasonable drop in temperatures overnight. Looking down at herself, she could see gooseflesh on her body, and where the sunlight caught her she could see downy hair standing on end. Seeing her nipples, which were pale brown and full, and stood out prominently from her breasts, she gently took one between thumb and forefinger, feeling its tenderness after he had roughly used her.
With her other hand Jessica traced the line with her fingertips down the cold flesh of her hip, along one side of her groin, and flinched when she touched her intimate parts. His shaft had butted her there before he had entered her roughly, when she had still been dry and unready. Her fingers travelled on to her thighs, where the evidence of his excitement still remained. Disgusted, Jessica hugged her naked body and, beginning to cry, quickly walked upstairs, padded across the thickly carpeted landing and pushed open the bathroom door.
Sobbing now, Jessica turned on the shower, holding her fingers in the water to check the temperature, waiting impatiently for it to become hot enough. As soon as she could, Jessica stepped into the glass cubicle and turned the water jet to the correct angle before closing the door behind her. She was in a hurry now to remove all evidence of the essence of him from her body. She needed to banish to the back of her mind that this had to happen. This had to happen because she was worthless, of no value, and he had to use her and degrade her.
For several minutes she soaped and rinsed herself, paying no heed to the swelling of her tender parts as with soapy fingers she gently rubbed and massaged around her clitoris, drawing her labia out a little as she cleaned every contour; paying no heed to the state of arousal of her nipples as she twisted and pulled them gently; paying no heed to the usually pleasant feeling as she slid her fingers downwards, following the line of her groin, then gently washing the downy triangle of her mons.
After some time of cleansing herself Jessica began to calm down. She switched off the shower, stepped out of the cubicle and immediately snuggled into the warmth and comfort of a large, thick bath towel. Wrapping a smaller towel around her wet hair, she began gently to blot herself dry all over, enjoying the velvety softness of the towel on her now reviving skin. When she was all dry, she gently let fall the towels and regarded her reflection in the mirrored wall, the image symbolic to her of a butterfly emerging from its chrysalis as she stepped away and through to her bedroom.
Jessica always enjoyed walking naked after a shower or bath, so thus she walked past the French doors of her bedroom, opening the voile curtains to let in the sunlight. She could feel her long, damp, wavy hair caressing her shoulders, and as she stooped to open her bedside closet, her hair fell forward and brushed lightly against one of her nipples. With one hand she stroked her breast before addressing herself to the task on which she was about to embark.
She removed a small bottle of rose oil from her closet, and then took a larger bottle of baby oil from the dressing table, placed a small box of tissues next to both, lay down on her back on the bed, and began to relax.
* * *
Backing on to Jessica's garden were the grounds of a priory, not only the residence of monks and nuns, it was also a retreat where anyone could stay for a while if they wished to escape from the pressures of the world. This was a scenic part of England, and the Priory Gardens were leafy and in full bloom.
Markus was employed to tend the grounds of the Priory, and that day he was tidying the roses and shrubs in the garden of contemplation. At the moment he resented having to do this job, as he had so much work to do in his own garden across the village.
With his secateurs in his hand, he was trimming back a rambling rose when he glanced over the hedge into the neighbouring garden. He took in the neatly mown lawn, as well as the small pool at one side surrounded by expensive wooden garden furniture. Apart from the gap through which he was looking, this garden was quite secluded, bordered by mature trees on three sides, with younger saplings and shrubs planted in between. Someone must have some money, he thought. He was about to return to his pruning when he sensed movement from the house.
Markus watched the woman walking, completely naked, across the room behind the French windows, before she assembled a few items and lay down on a couch or bed. It had been a long time since Markus had seen a woman naked, not since he had been with his true love, that one time before she had rejected him. Markus had loved her fiercely, pursuing her relentlessly, and although at first she had seemed to want to respond to his advances, she had then left him without explanation.
Fascinated now by the woman in the house, Markus hid closer into the bushes so as to get a better view. The woman had put some kind of oil on the palms of her hands, and was beginning to stroke and massage her body, starting with her thighs and working upwards past her hips, before renewing the oil and working it into her belly and stomach. She was obviously enjoying the sensation, as her body moved and thrilled under her hands.
Markus was beginning to become aroused by what he was seeing, but he began to feel guilty when he remembered that he was in a religious place. He felt an erection beginning to grow. This sight so much reminded him of another girl, another time...
It was early the previous summer. Jennifer was a beautiful young girl who lived with her family at the Old Rectory in the village. Perhaps ten years younger than he, she was small, slim and pretty, with long red hair and alabaster skin. He had admired her from afar for quite some time when one day he noticed her looking over his garden gate at the flowers. He loved the way she blushed and smiled shyly as they chatted, and she was impressed by his tall, dark good looks. She eventually excused herself, citing an errand at the shop, and promised to pass by again.
A few more of these encounters went on before Markus invited Jennifer on a tour of the garden, afterwards serving her afternoon tea in the rose arbour. Jennifer had by then lost her shyness, and they sat in the sunshine happily making small talk. As Jennifer leaned over to return her tea cup to the tray, she turned to Markus, face uplifted, and looked him long in the eyes. Markus leaned over slowly and, taking her hand, kissed her reverentially on her cheek. Instead of drawing away, Jennifer closed her eyes and drew closer again, mutely inviting Markus to kiss her long and full on the lips.
For some time they were locked in an embrace, first of tender sweetness, then increasing to the passion of mutual love. He felt her lips parts in surrender as his tongue penetrated, entwined with hers, as his arms tightened around her and he felt her move in response. He leaned back a little as with his right hand he stroked the side of her face, under her chin and gently ran his fingertips down the side of her neck as he began to unbutton her thin cotton dress. To his delight he found that she was not wearing a bra, so as he displaced the flimsy fabric he exposed the creamy white flesh of her breasts. In between the kissing she sighed with pleasure as he gently held her breast and teased her nipple into hardness. He undid more buttons, parted the bodice of her dress, and kissed her from her chin almost to her navel, before moving to her breasts, licking, kissing and nibbling her sweet pale flesh, returning sometimes to her lips, to bestow gentle kisses and taste her sweetness.
Markus was becoming hotly aroused, and knew that he wanted to know Jennifer intimately, right at that moment. With one arm still around her, still kissing her hair, her face and her shoulder, he guided Jennifer from the bench, behind the arbour to the secluded garden beyond. Underneath the lilac tree, he kissed Jennifer deeply whilst sliding her dress over her shoulders and down to her waist. She did not protest, indeed in a dreamy state, she reached out both hands and drew Markus' face to hers, and they enjoyed a long sensuous kiss. Markus drew away a little to admire Jennifer's breasts. In the fresh air and in her aroused state, her pink nipples stood out prominently, and Markus leaned over to flick first one, then the other, with the tip of his tongue, causing Jennifer to shiver with pleasure.
Markus then ran his hands down Jennifer's sides to her waist, and gently unfastened her dress a little more, causing it to fall to the ground. He gasped with pleasure at the sight of Jennifer's curvaceous body, a slight rise around her navel and a comfortable softness all over. She stood in silence, smiling shyly, and gently supporting her breasts with her fingers, offered them to him. Markus stood close and gently kissed one nipple, and overcome with passion took her entire breast in his mouth and pulled back a little, before doing similar with her other breast.
Jennifer too was now becoming very aroused, and she motioned to Markus to kneel down in front of her, while she offered the rest of her body to him. Having taken off her shoes, she was now only wearing brief lace panties, and as he knelt, Markus traced a line of kisses down her belly, and holding her buttocks drew her closer, whilst continuing the kisses onto the lace, causing Jennifer to moan softly and push her groin into Markus' face.
As he continued to kiss her through her panties, Markus traced his fingers along her groin, gripped the fine material and drew the garment gently downwards to expose her final nakedness. He leaned back a little to enjoy his first sight of her private parts. With his fingertips he gently stroked the bush of auburn hair which almost concealed her labia, and she took a slight step to part her legs slightly, to allow him to explore her. Brushing her pubic hair upwards, he uncovered her most beautiful and delicate labia, and gently parted them in order to expose her clitoris. With one finger tip he penetrated her labia slightly, drawing out a little moisture which he stroked upwards and around her clitoris, which caused her to gasp with pleasure as with both hands she drew him closer.
Instead of touching her private parts with his lips as she wished, Markus took Jennifer's hands and drew her downwards as he knelt down himself. Kissing her breasts and her belly, he reached down and ran his fingertips along her labia, then slightly inside her, feeling her heat and wetness, before taking his hand away, causing her to gasp.
Markus guided Jennifer first into a sitting position, then gently laid her full length on her back on the soft grass. He parted her legs slightly, and savoured this view of her intimacy before leaning forward to touch her again. This time, with his fingertips he gently parted her pink folds of skin, and leaning down, took one of her labia between his lips and sucked it gently, before doing the same to the other. He then traced a line upwards with his tongue, pressing slightly inwards, tasting her juices for the first time. Jennifer's breathing began to be heavy as his tongue plunged into her sex, exploring and enjoying her, then with a strong upward stroke of his tongue, he caught her clitoris and began to pleasure her there, feeling the little bud beginning to grow and harden. Jennifer began to push her groin towards Markus' face, wanting him to eat her, devour her, and satisfy her.
All the while Markus was aware that his penis had become so hard and swollen with arousal that it ached. His member was straining at his clothing, and he could feel wet patches on his belly where his lubricating juices were beginning to flow freely. For a moment Jennifer had to wait while Markus quickly removed his shirt and pulled down his trousers, and she could see his very obvious state of arousal as he carefully liberated his penis from his pants and removed the rest of his clothes.
At the same time as Markus leaned down towards Jennifer, she spread her legs to receive him, exposing her sex in its full glory, her pale flesh, her auburn pubic hair, her moist swollen labia longing to be penetrated. Markus moved over her and gently lodged the head of his penis between her labia but, overcome with desire, he had to have her, and he felt her slippery warmth as he drove his penis in full length and penetrated her.
Jennifer gasped a little at the feel of Markus' penis inside her, but as he began to move gently she enjoyed the sensations, and she bent her knees and pulled him in closer. At first they copulated gently, coordinating their bodies, but the urgency of the moment filled them both as Markus ground his groin against Jennifer's clitoris, speeding up his movements, as Jennifer responded with her body, pushing harder and harder against him, clawing at his body with her hands, calling his name, while he cried that she was lovely, she was beautiful, until a few frenzied seconds where she climaxed, and he felt a slight rush of hot liquid come from her, spurring him on faster and harder, until with a great groan he pushed hard into her, shooting his hot semen deep inside her in completion.
For a short while they lay as they were in the now bruised and flattened grass, holding each other close, faces pressed together in intimacy, but after a minute or two they began to come to a little, and realised where they were. After one more lingering kiss they sat up, and then stood as they retrieved their clothes and dressed. With arms round each other, they strolled back to the arbour, not saying much because their bodies had just communicated. Promising they would meet again, Jennifer took leave of Markus, passed through the garden gate and headed for home.
* * *
But that was then. That was the first and last time that he was with Jennifer. She did not come to the garden gate any more, and seemed to avoid him in the village. Having loved her from afar for months, and now knowing a beautiful consummation with her, Markus thought that they were starting a life together. Every time he sat in the arbour he thought of her, he longed for her. As he mowed the grass, he looked with fondness at the place where their love had been consummated.
But still she did not return to him. As he eventually came to terms with the fact that she did not wish to be his, Markus' heart became covered with ice. Starting with the arbour, he began to tear down and dismantle the garden features which reminded him so much of her, and in the following months redesigned the garden totally. During the cold winter he found it therapeutic to work on the garden until his hands were sore and his body ached. From then on he was going to control his surroundings, and no one was going to have any power over him.
* * *
But now, back in the Priory garden he was watching a woman performing an erotic act on herself. He saw her repeatedly taking more oil from the bottles, and with her fingertips working the oil into the contours of her body, along her thighs, around her hips, circling her belly. Eventually she worked the oil into her breasts with both hands, teasing out her nipples with her fingertips, obviously enjoying the sensual feel of flesh sliding on flesh. It was inevitable that her fingers were going to stray downwards towards her groin, and there encounter a different kind of lubrication, a different kind of pleasure. One of her hands remained on the outside, and she soaked her pubic hair with oil as she circled her mound and found her clitoris. Taking more oil, with her two middle fingers she stroked either side of the prominent hardness, before pressing it with a circular motion which caused her hips to buck with the pleasure she was giving herself. Then with her other hand, having applied a liberal amount of oil, she plunged her fingers deep into her sex, found the special place and started to press and rub upwards. What with a sustained arousal of her whole body, followed by specific pleasuring of her intimate parts, she very soon arrived at a shuddering climax as she arched herself upwards from the bed, crying out in ecstasy, then becoming still and enjoying the sensations.
Over the hedge, at the sheer animal level Markus was enjoying the erotic show which he had just witnessed. His groin was hot, his penis was swollen, and he realised that he had been rubbing himself through his clothes and was nearly ready to come. He felt a mixture of emotions at that moment: mainly arousal at the thought of being a voyeur and seeing such a graphic display of private intimacy, also guilt at having such carnal thoughts in a religious location, as well as anger at the thought that his flesh could so dominate his mind which he had so well under control. Moving further into the bushes, Markus bared his penis and relieved himself, disgusted at his weakness. He stared contemptuously at his semen on the ground in front of him, and once he was recovered, packed his gardening things and prepared to leave site. He would have to come back another day, to continue working on the grounds for the open day two weeks later.
(to be continued)