(Welcome to 1950s mid-West America.)
One night over dinner the subject came up, the awful embarrassing subject.
It was raised by Rodney's twin sister and their female cousin who lived with them in their house on Elm Street, Brewer. They raised it to embarrass Rodney, the shy 18 year old who struggled with his grades at Grover Cleveland High.
Rodney was a quiet boy. He was tall and awkward. Having carrot-red hair and pale skin sprayed with freckles may have explained some of his shyness. And Rodney didn't have a girl friend. In class he sat silent, fearing any questions. He was hopeless at Math and English. He had been labelled stupid more than he liked.
But he was in the school swim team. Something of a star. Also lately he had started to exercise with weights in the gym at the YMCA- squats and the benchpress his favourites- and, on waking up every morning, would do 200 push-ups on his bedroom rug. With his clothes off, and poised to dive, he was transformed: no longer gawky, an athlete of the Athenian Golden Age, only a bit more slender- and, of course, his hair was red, and not just on his head. Naked- in swim class or in the showers- he did get attention, especially- and it gave him the creeps- from queer old Coach Compton.
The point is swimming and diving seemed the only things Rodney was good at.
But away from the pool he blushed easily and his eyes watered when people turned to him, girls especially.
Especially on the awful, intimidating, shameful subject.
"Mom why do boys have to swim in the nude?"
They were at the table. The meatloaf- made of ground chuck, eggs and breadcrumbs- was finished, their plates bare. His mother had lighted a Chesterfield and the pungent smoke flavoured the air. There was promise of cheddar pear pie. Soon they would be in the living room watching Leave it to Beaver and Gunsmoke.
Rodney froze at the words, nearly choked on the last sip of his milk. The three females were looking at him, his mother through a filigree of smoke.
Then his awful cousin joined in.
"Yeah, boys at school have to swim in their birthday suits. And down at the Y."
Birthday suits! The ridiculous words always made Rodney cringe.
"Don't be silly," said Mrs Ricketson. "Boys always swim nude, yes, in their birthday suits..."
Those words again, thought Rodney! They always say it about boys going nude! Birthday suits.
"...it's so threads from their swimsuits don't clog the filters in the pool."
And the two girls spluttered. At the ridiculous, comic idea, a whole class of boys stalking naked into the pool area. At how embarrassed those boys would be if girls got to burst in. At Rodney's terrible embarrassment right now.
Oh, it was a rich, gamey subject- 18 year old males naked and shamed- for two hot-blooded 18 year old girls.
And Rodney wanted to sink into the floor.
"But Mom, we get to wear swim suits."
"Yeah, no one worries about our swimsuits clogging the filters."
"Well, girls are expected to be modest, boys are different."
Like dogs with a bone the girls would not let go.
"So boys get to see one another...without a stitch!"
"They look at one another's naked bottoms...and...organs of generation!"
The expression came right out of a 1920 Practical Medical Dictionary that Rodney's sister had found in their grandpop's attic.
""Oh, cut that talk!" ordered his mother. But she was clearly amused. "Organs of generation" tickled her fancy. Her son- just think- had "organs of generation" hanging in his groin certainly, she assumed, enlarged and developed since she had last seen him in the bath. She exhaled smoke, and smiled, in a far-away fashion.
But Rodney's cousin closed in. She stared hard at blushing Rodney. "And aren't you scared that girls might be peeping?"
The bashful boy withered with shame but the girls kept it up.
Across the table they peppered him with questions.
Girls from his own class, girls he sat with every day- how would he feel if they saw him without a stitch? And did female teachers get to see them? They heard they sometimes walked in and that the boys hated it and desperately tried to cover up. And down at the Y did mothers get to watch the races?
Mrs Ricketson interrupted.
"Now stop making Rodney embarrassed. Your fathers did it. Nothing to be ashamed of. Think of the ancient Greeks and their Olympics, all done in the nude..."
"But if it's normal and healthy, why can't we watch?"
Mrs Ricketson looked like she was thinking hard. Her lips curled into a hint of a smile as she looked at her cringing son.
"Why would nice young ladies want to look at a lot of awkward, gangling young fellas...getting round a pool...naked as jays..."
At this Rodney felt very small.
Grinning like crocodiles the girls undressed him with their beady eyes. Rodney felt they were inspecting all the things that embarrassed him- his scroll of orange pubic hair...his extra large penis head...his fat balls lounging in the loose scrotum that hung low, like drapes.
"Well, I think we should go to the next family day at the Y and see Rodney compete."
His cousin let this hang in the air, staring brazenly at Rodney. The boy shivered at the prospect.
"As it happens," said Mrs Ricketson. "I got a letter from the coach about the next big swim meet. A competition with Paul Revere High in Minneapolis- the fellas have to compete in swimsuits- so all the boys will need new ones, in the latest style and colors, up to date with the swimsuits at the last Olympics apparently. I'll be taking Rodney to Logan's to pick his...after school on Friday."
"Oh Mom! Can we come?"
And so on the second floor of Logan's Department Store in downtown Brewer, smelling of floor polish and haberdashery, the three females and the tall boy stood at the male swimwear display with Miss Rosalind Newbold, one of the store's most seasoned saleswomen. She had, for as long as anyone remembered, taken delight in fondling and holding aloft mens' trunks and helping boys find the right size and lead them into the change booths and help them fit them on. Miss Newbold was neither young nor old. She was a tall, spindly, sharp-featured woman with cats' eyes glasses on a chain dangling the front of her black uniform.
As with his mother's smell, Rodney picked up her scent: Chesterfield cigarettes and perfume, and, after a time, something else...a sour, intimate smell.
She was vaguely familiar, this frightening and unfriendly lady. Had he caught a glimpse of her that terrible night in the school baths when Coach Compton, stark naked himself, had opened the steel doors and admitted half a dozen ladies- oh god! It had made the boys freeze, horrified! Ladies! Being let in to watch the boys exercise, dive and swim for a two hour practice session! Who had those ladies been? Friends of the coach? Friends of the coach's old mother? The boys never found out.
Either way they had come in eagerly, staring hard at the swimmers suddenly caught in the nude. That had been horrible: the ladies gazing at them. Rodney would never forget the womens' looks that night- eyes with bloodlust, as if they were glued to a boxing match. Yes, how they had stared as the coach had called the boys around the pool to order and they had shuffled into line. Oh god, and that night didn't they stare when a boy got stiff!
It had happened with Rodney. He knew what to call it. His mother had last year given him a handbook entitled A Guide to Young Manhood, published by the Boy Scouts of America. It devoted several paragraphs to explaining what it solemnly called "involuntary erections."
He had sported a particularly stubborn one that night- an "involuntary erection"- as he and three buddies had crouched in the chlorinated water.
"Out of the pool, Ricketonson, and show us a dive!"
Out of the water? In front of them? Nude, and stiff?
And there had been nothing to do but climb out with his bolt hard erection sticking out from his red curls and shuffle along in front of the women- his thing slapping his tummy as he walked- all the way to the board and climb up and stand there on display, cock reaching for the ceiling and showing off its under-belly, until after what seemed an hour the coach told him to dive.
Or had Miss Newbold been with that group of ladies the boys had glimpsed in the window of the little store room on the upper level of the smelly old brick and tile Y baths, one night when they were training? It had shocked them, that half a dozen "old ducks" had been suddenly sighted, noses pressed to the glass, smiling, peeping it seems for a full hour while boys had stretched, lounged, limbered up, queued to dive, heaved themselves from the pool...with the ladies looking on. And many of the fellas had, as usual, sustained erections or half erections during that time. Imagine...ladies from Brewer seeing boys- young men they may have known- with their cocks shamefully stiff!
As Miss Newbold rummaged for Jatzen and Catalina trunks Rodney became more convinced she had been there on at least one of those occasions. No, he was certain it had been that time at school- she had been with the group of ladies walking through the steel doors, standing there watching them practice, peering with her glasses sitting on the end of her long, somewhat pointed nose.
Yes, it had been Miss Newbold. The long nose, the glasses, the peering stare aimed right at the boys' groins. At Rodney's particularly, with its rigid member jutting up from wet, red curls. Its head so mushroomy. Its wrinkled and veined underbelly on display. Her eyes popping out of her head. Feasting on his erection.
"No, no, no," she was now saying. "These old fashioned swim shorts with waist bands and pleats..."
She held up a Jantzen. Knee length and loose. Like boxers.
Yes, thought Rodney, sell us that one. So loose he could almost imagine a full erection- even of his freakishly long member- being sheltered in its floral folds. It would disguise bulges and swellings. Disguise the fleshy penis head which Rodney's friend, Danny Bold, had said, standing with him in the showers, looked like a "plum jammed on a pole." Even a half erection which thrust out parallel to the ground might pump away unobserved. Oh yes, Rodney wanted its looseness and folds and cover!
"Old fashioned!" declared Miss Newbold, looking furiously at the item in her hands. "They are too, too modest. They show nothing of a young man's full physique, nothing of his manly characteristics..."
Too modest! Manly characteristics! Full physique!
She meant they don't show off my cock and balls, thought Rodney!
Here they all looked from the swimsuit towards Rodney's waist. Even his mother had a grin curling at the corners of her mouth as her eyes seemed to drill through his dungarees. Again Rodney grasped the truth: these females wanted to see him nude. They wanted to see his prick. They gave the impression they knew his prick was...well, big. Even "funny" big. In fact something told him they seemed to know about his embarrassingly enlarged, plum-like glans. And know of his very low hanging testicles in a voluminous pouch.
After all his buddies had made fun of it in the showers. They had said his balls "reached his knees" and they had laughed at the huge vein down the middle of his cock ("Like a ventilation duct," jeered Dave Hanney, in the showers.) Had his buddies told their sisters...and had their sisters told his own sister? Had those nosy female teachers gossiped? The ladies behind the glass at the Y who had stared, eyes popping? Had they passed word? Very likely one of them knew his Mom.
"These are a far more modern version!"
Miss Newbold swooped on a light blue swimsuit and held it up. It was square cut and would reach from belly button- even hide the belly button- down to the groin but leave every inch of the legs bared. It was not loose, not one bit. It would stretch tight across front and back. Skin tight. It was in a shimmering sky blue.
"Jantzen!" She declared, "But not boxer shorts. No loose folds. No pleats. It stretches tight. Very tight. See?"
Rodney gulped. He froze.
He gulped again...while something tingled in his groin. Tingled and twirled and tickled at his insides- at the sight of the shiny sky blue material...the high cut that would put all of his legs on display right up to the cleft of his groin...and the tight fit across the front that would show the outline of his prick and balls...so tightly stretched, it would show them in all their detail- the big sculpted head, even the heavy central vein.
His mother, his sister and cousin took the swim suit in their hands, grinning.
"Yes," his mother said. "Shows off all the legs, unlike those shorts that flap around the knees."
"Oh yes, shows off the fella's legs. What we call the high cut."
His cousin gave a low wolf whistle.
Under his slicked back red hair Rodney blushed scarlet.
"What's the material?"
"A synthetic rubber yarn called Latex," said Miss Newbold.
Concentrating, his sister stretched it between her hands, then put a hand inside and felt around. And grinned at Rodney.
"Mom, it's certainly tight..."
"Yes, it's a good tight stretch," said the sales lady. "It provides a fit form...what we call..."
Here she smiled in Rodney's direction.
He feared the worst.
"...the 'nude look'..."
Oh god! The nude look! Rodney withered.
The girls fell about laughing at the appalled young athlete. The "nude look"- because they would all see the boy's privates in bold outline under the tight fitting, light-coloured Latex! His mother- his own mother- grinned broadly and looked him over. He was appalled- and excited. His broad penis filled out in his pants. He pressed into the display table to disguise the bulge.
"Until two seasons ago mens' swimsuits had to have an extra layer of material across the front. Skirting in front. To cover the boy's modesty..."
The females nodded. They had taken a keen interest. They knew that look, from Brewer's outdoor pool and the lake each summer. The skirt shielded what might have been a glimpse of boys' bulges. Although sometimes a fella's "thing"..oh, it was hilarious...came to poke out parallel to the ground...under the skirt...and the skirt, pulled tight above the projection, only exaggerated the display. Sort of held the projection in place.
Rodney wanted to sink into the floor as they all looked his way.
"...yes, a skirt was required by a 1917 regulation to cover a male's...features. But now...well, Jantzen is being less modest...letting males show off..."
The girls giggled and looked at Rodney.
"...no extra covering in front, no skirt, just the form-fitting erection..."
Form-fitting erection? His mother's jaw dropped!
Miss Newbold corrected herself, with a sly grin.
"...sorry, not erection...construction. Form-fitting construction."
Mrs Ricketson giggled at Miss Newbold's mistake. So did Miss Newbold herself. They looked at Rodney who hung his head. The girls, unfamiliar with the term, looked blank.
"This is four dollars fifty."
The females stared, suffused, at the shiny, tight object and imagined Rodney on display in its shimmery embrace. So did the boy himself. He saw his thick penis stem in outline- trapped like a rat under wall paper- and the bunched up scrotum, and swelling penis head. All flattened and delineated under the tight Latex.
Miss Newbold moved on.
"There's a more daring version," she said, reaching into a drawer.
Hell, thought Rodney, this one exposed everything! What else did she have?
She rummaged and produced another swimsuit, Jantzen again. It was...flesh-coloured. And it was square-cut and tight and form-fitted and stretchy like the earlier version. Except...except...down each side there were...criss-crossing laces...holding together the front and rear of the suit...lacing, showing off squares of the boy's flesh!
"Wow! Laces...down the sides! That is daring!"
His mother was excited.
Rodney looked on appalled.
They would see the bare flesh of his flanks. And what if the laces suddenly came loose- the trunks would just slip off, front and back falling to the ground...no longer held together by the lace down the side.
"We call them The Side-Lacer," said the sales lady. "A lace pattern in Dri-Glo down the sides. Not popular with boys yet..."
The girls giggled. They liked the idea of boys like Rodney being forced into revealing swim suits against their will.
His mother smiled and checked out Rodney.
"...yet. But it's interesting- we find a certain kind of dad loves pulling it on."
"Wow!" said his cousin. "What do you think, Rodney? Good for swimming by the lake?"
Hell! Laced-up down the sides! Rodney said nothing. But his penis stretched again. It would be terrible to have to wear them in front of females. And yet...and yet...he would love...in the privacy of his room in a deserted house...to strip off all his clothes...and pull on...
...these flesh-coloured trunks...
...tight in the front, with no skirt...
...and with the laces exposing his flanks.
He trembled.
He pressed into the table to disguise the bulge that inflated the front of his dungarees.
His sister held and stretched the Lacer briefs and poked her fingers through the gaps in the sides and handed it to their cousin. Their eyes were shiny with...with some powerful emotion.
"That's also four fifty. But let's get to the one Coach Compton has asked us to buy...to import...for all his boys to wear for some big swim meet."
She rummaged some more.
And there it was, like something that Rodney had never seen on any swimmer.
Like the other two swimsuits it was tight and stretchy and had no skirt. But at the sides it was narrow, not more than a few inches. It would sit low. Very low. Down at his hips. Yes, it would show his belly button. Hell, it would barely cover his timber line!
She held it aloft.
"Speedos! Worn in the last Olympics by one of the swimming teams- the French, I think- and they took all the medals. Now they're being sold in America and the coach wants it on each of his boys...so we can win!"
It was green, with a gold line down the sides.
His cousin gave another low wolf whistle.
"Yes," said his mother. "Imagine all the boys from Grover Cleveland in these! Won't they look..."
She searched for the word.
Exposed?
Naked?
Humiliated and shamed?
"...handsome!"
Rodney was moved to protest, even as he was captivated, his tummy on fire as he looked at the diminutive swimsuit daring in its tight, defiant smallness. Oh, to be able to pull these on! And look at himself in his bedroom mirror! His prick registered a jolt of excitement. It stretched and thickened. He was now fully erect and forced to stand pressed flat against the display table.
But to wear them in front of females..!
He had to protest.
"But...Mom...gee! They're...so small! They won't...wont..."
He choked.
The females laughed at his modesty.
"Won't cover you?" said his mother. "Don't worry. We'll pick the right size. That's why we've got you here, for a fitting."
"And coach is very particular about size," said Miss Newbold. "He wants the boys to wear a swim suit one size down..."
Rodney gasped.
"...to enhance speed."
"So a tight fit," said his sister.
"A nude look," agreed his cousin.
They smirked at the boy.
Rodney inwardly cursed. Coach Compton- yeah, this was so typical. He loved recruiting boys to head to the lake for swimming and workouts and, in the spirit of the YMCA and- he said- the ancient Greeks- he insisted they do it nude. Without a stitch. By the edge of the lake running and jumping and doing push-ups and plunging in and out of the water, balls and cocks flopping and spinning; and every boy had heard rumours about girls, even a female teacher, hiding in the wall of trees and shrubs that bounded the area, wearing sun hats and looking at them with binoculars.
And the coach was always excited when female teachers entered the school pool when they were training. When the coach himself was nude, displaying his body builder physique and his nudist's suntanned ass and his small cock. In his shaven groin. Enjoying showing off but also seeing his boys get humiliated...ordering them get out of the pool when Miss Braithwaite their English teacher or Miss Alma Goodwin their maths teacher came in with some excuse to talk to the coach. And it was often the boy sheltering an erection- elbows on his knees while he was seated or front pressed to the wall of the pool- who he called on to demonstrate a dive, while the visiting female struggled to suppress a smile and hide her curiosity at the erection sprouting from the blushing youngster. And the boy- nude and erect- wanted to die off shame totally exposed in front of his own female teacher. Oh god, thought Rodney, the humiliation!
Twice it had happened to him. Out of the pool, on the orders of the coach, "Quick buddy!" That was when Mrs Goodwin, wearing a polka dot blue and white blouse with big bow, had ventured into the pool area to give the coach an invitation to some damn teachers' union meeting. "Stay and see our best diver," he had said. "Come on, Ricketson, up on the board!" And Rodney had no alternative but to rise from the pool, his broad-beamed, heavy-headed cock hard and poking parallel to the ground. And in front of the visiting female teacher- her eyes bulging- he had had to shuffle along the side of the pool, right under her gaze, and climb up onto the diving board, cock now upright, rigidly at full stretch, where Coach Compton had made him stand- frozen in place and time and on display- while he chatted with a plainly excited Mrs Goodwin about diving technique.
His schoolmates had smirked nervously at his distress, knowing that it might be them next, and Miss Goodwin had stared, eyelids fluttering, and forehead locked in a frown as if Rodney's erection was something with which she had a deep moral argument. Or it might have been sight of the plum-head on the cock or the dangling scrotum and full, heavy testicles. Whatever, coach had just stretched her visit out, chattered at great length, making the suffering boy stand there arms by his sides, manhood sprouting out of red curls, Alma Goodwin the old maid staring right at it, until he gave the direction for Rodney to dive. Ever since, Mrs Goodwin had blushed when she had seen Rodney in class or corridor- and guiltily dropped her gaze to his flies. Yes, every time, glared at his trouser front as if willing it to vanish and the boy to be revealed nude again.
It had been worse with Miss Braithwaite's visit. He had been sitting on a bench, elbows on his knees to shield his hardon- an erection brought about by his delicious fantasies, the usual ones about going to see a female doctor and being made to peel all his clothes off behind a screen and then emerge while she looked him over- and swimming nude in a rock pool with the fellas and being surprised by a party of girl guides. Girl guides with freckled faces and hair in plaits who held up the boys' abandoned clothes and demanded they emerge one by one from the water. Within seconds of thinking about these sweetly humiliatingly situations, he found his penis had bolted upright, throbbing.
Suddenly the handsome, gray-haired Miss Braithwaite had pushed open the steel door and was standing breezily talking with Coach Compton, nude as a newt, who looked thrilled at being exposed. Indeed his little penis was suddenly stretching from his shaven, suntanned groin, parallel to the floor. All around the pool terrified boys were turning their backs or sitting cross-legged so as not to be sighted by the lady, by common consent the school's sexiest teacher.
But within seconds the coach had called for Rodney and four others to mount the blocks and Rodney was shuffling past the attractive Miss Braithwaite, with whom he always harboured romantic thoughts- yes, his own English teacher, wearing her summery floral dress with wide skirts, throwing off a smell of perfume like his mother's. Yes, what a humiliation: his prick was almost slap bang against his abs, wobbling as he walked. He felt her amused eyes on his profile. Miss Braithwaite! For whom he had once brought flowers! "Why Rodney, what a lovely gesture," she had said, making him blush. Now she was seeing him not as the sweet boy who aspired to be her class pet but stark naked, naked as a jay...she was seeing his blazing red pubic hair...his ugly, hanging balls...his funny big-headed penis...and with a hardon!
When he and the others were on the blocks the coach made them stand still while he gave Miss Braithwaite an account of their swimming achievements, one after the other. "Now Rodney Ricketson," he had said. "Here's one of Brewer's most promising..." and while he enumerated Rodney's swimming career at length the lady teacher had never shifted her lambent, laughing eyes from Rodney's groin, smiling delightedly- whether at his agonised embarrasment or his erect, outsize genitals was unclear.
He thought, close to tears, of his foolish romantic notions about Miss Braithwaite, of his dreams and fantasies.
Now he was totally nude before her- a crude, comic naked youth- and she was laughing at him.
Never again would he be able to meet those eyes in classroom or corridor.
That damn coach, thought Rodney.
And now he wants us to compete wearing these...these...Speedos, one size too small, when they were already so damn small anyway!
"Are we gonna measure Rodney?" asked his sister, eyes shinning with lubricious thoughts, holding the Speedos in two hands. "Make sure they fit him?"
She may have been offering to take charge of the process.
Rodney was throbbingly erect. His hammer-hard prick was tenting his dungarees. He couldn't pull away from the table and stand there while they pulled a tape measure around his hips! They would see the unmistakeable bulge.
"No," said Miss Newbold. "I need to take him into a changing booth where..."
Where you can strip him, thought the females, wildly.
Where you will take my pants off, thought Rodney, terrified.
"...where we can do it properly."
Miss Rosalind Newbold was smug.
She had been doing this with Rodney's classmates all week: leading quaking boys off to changerooms where she would measure them for their swimsuits, with their Moms and sisters on hand waiting to inspect the accoutred young swimmers. She had been enjoying herself.
"Come on," she told him. "Into the fitting area. We'll leave your mother and the girls to look through the mens' swimsuits. Oh, there's a drawer here they will want to explore..."
And she pulled open a deep drawer.
"...you will love this. We don't display them but here are posing straps for boys who do body building and get photographed for the magazines- physique magazines. And for their Dads."
The females dived in.
What they hauled out horrified Rodney. And thrilled him at the same time.
His mother held up a petite white satin pouch attached to a string.
"Oh my god! So this is...a posing strap! So...TINY!"
His sister held a sturdier pouch, made of flannelette with ridged lines, attached to a thin elastic waist band.
"Goodness! I love them! A bit more cover for him in this one!"
"But...but...but..." His cousin was guffawing, holding a patch of pink cotton dangling from string. Pink!
She held it aloft. "Not much space in this...for a boy's 'organs of generation.' "
His mother had spread out several posing straps. "All of them leave all their bottoms uncovered...completely bare! There's nothing...at the rear!"
His mother beamed and swiped a glance at Rodney's rear, displayed in his tight dungarees. "Oh dear, I hope they're not embarrassed by that."
"Well," mused Miss Newbold. "These young body builders want all their features to be admired and, as your brother can no doubt confirm, that includes their gluteus maximus- or their rear ends- which they build up with exercises like squats, done with heavy weights on their shoulders. And in their competitions and changerooms and showers there's a lot of looking and admiring and comparing. In this respect they're just like girls. Oh yes, I know all this from Coach Compton..."
While the sales lady talked, the females kept excitedly rummaging. His mother now found a posing strap sewn from cream-coloured, knitted material. She said she thought the colour was "sweet." Rodney thought, "That one at least would cover my pubic hair!" But his sister held the smallest so far. It had an army camouflage design and was tiny, presumably made for an 18 year old of small physique signed up for the military. Perhaps a small-framed bugle boy. Rodney was horrified. There was no way it would hold his balls, let along his cock.
Meanwhile his cousin was giggling over one with pretty blue and white stripes. They're imagining how they would look on ME, thought Rodney.
"Know who makes these? A local lady. None other than Coach Compton's dear old Mom!"
Rodney swallowed this fact. The coach again. He was always letting drop that he knew the guy who produced Physique Pictorial and Young Adonis and leaving copies of these pocket size magazines in sight of the boys. They were full of black and white photos of fellas their age wearing these posing straps. Most of the guys had sneaked furtive looks. Rodney felt he was not the only one to find them interesting. And now this revelation- the coach's mother made the posing straps the boys in the magazines wore!
"I sold two yesterday to Mrs Campbell- the mother of Rodney's swimming buddy. She said what with all the talk about mothers disciplining their boys in new ways, she thought they might come in useful. If her Mark needs serious punishment, for bad grades or immoral behaviour. She can force him to strip down and wear one of them and leave him in them for an evening at home."
"Whaaat? Mark Campbell? Getting around the house with his bottom on display? And just this covering his front!"
Rodney's cousin was gasping with excitement. She now held a posing strap in loose white cotton which seemed to promise it would hang nice and low. Certainly below a boy's timberline, holding his sagging bundle as if in a neat package. A hammock...for a bulky young prick.
"Yes," said Miss Newbold. "For photographs and for punishment. With his sisters and their friends likely to glimpse him. No boy likes that. A sweet way to punish a boy."
Here she beamed at blushing Rodney, head hanging low.
"Anyway, off to the fitting rooms..."
And with the females bent over the treasure chest and its salacious contents Rodney was able to lean forward slightly- kind of double over- to disguise his bulge and shuffle along besides Miss Newbold, moving away from the display table to the other side of the store. The sales lady did not appear to notice the tenting of his pants. She held the Speedo swim suit.
Over his shoulder he heard his mother say, "Well girls, I don't think we can let Mrs Campbell and her girls have all the fun. Let's pick three for Rodney, three of the nicest!"
Rodney was appalled. Have all the fun! Making their sons get around in tiny posing pouches! How could they do that to their boys!
"I'd like to see Rodney in the pink one- goodness, it's so...small!" said his sister.
"And the stripes...that would give the poor boy a bit more cover," said his cousin. "Just a bit! Just a bit."
Rodney reeled from these comments. He shuffled along, slightly humped. But being bent over like this only drew the attention of the female shoppers they passed. A well dressed older woman in gloves and flower-box hat was choosing stockings and stared right at Rodney's bulge and appeared shocked. Behind her metal-framed spectacles her eyes widened like saucers. A mother with two 18 year old girls looking at summer blouses had to step back to allow Rodney and Miss Newbold through, and three sets of eyes settled on the boy's distorted flies. The girls looked enormously curious. They nudged one another.
My fuckin' hardon won't go down, the boy lamented to himself- just as he saw a female sales assistant- shit! It was snub-nosed Emma Blackburn from his class, who worked here after school. She was behind the underwear section and she cast a look in his direction and her eyes flickered instantly to his midriff and its blatant contents. Emma broke into a broad grin. Rodney Ricketson with a great bulge in his flies! And didn't he look ashamed! Wait till she tells everyone! And she noticed the tiny Speedo brief swinging from Mrs Newbold's hand and smiled even more broadly. He's gonna get stripped, she thought, and forced into those teensie, weensie swimmers! Oh, I wanna see that!
She looked up into Rodney's terrified eyes, this snub nosed girl from his class. She beamed. Rodney wanted to die.
At his side, Miss Newbold told him, "We'll just duck in the womens' fitting booths. They're closer..."
Before them was a corridor with a sign that read Fitting Booths Women and Girls.
"Errrr..."
Rodney had reservations. They were confirmed when two 18 year old girls bustled ahead of them with arms full of autumn-coloured sweaters to be tried on and admired in front of mirrors. And ahead of them, in the small, cramped corridor of changing booths, a group of hatted and gloved ladies was positioned, leaning in while a friend held dresses to her body before a mirror.
"Can't we go to the mens' section?" he gulped.
"No, save time. This is closer."
And Miss Newbold steered the boy to a booth while women and girls stared and grinned.
"A swim suit fitting? For one of our young athletes? Oh my!"
The inquiry came from one of the hatted ladies, maybe a mother of one of Rodney's friends. She looked the boy up and down. She seemed excited.
"Squeezing this young fella into one of your delightful racing briefs, Rosalind?"
A sales lady giggled as she bustled past and spoke those words, so unsettling to Rodney.
"Yes," said Miss Newbold, with a mocking hint of "yes, here we go again- these silly boys and their little swimsuits, what a chore," in her voice.
The atmosphere was full of perfume and the scent of womens' clothes. Being in this corridor, thought Rodney, was like hiding in his mother's closet.
Unseen by Rodney, Emma Blackburn, working in Logan's as a salesgirl after school, peered around the corner watching her shy schoolmate get ushered into the booth. On either side of her snub nose her eyes bulged and shone.
Rodney Ricketson! Getting stripped! For a fitting! Oh, Emma resolved, I wanna see this!
Miss Newbold was panting with her rather more mature excitement. Her connoisseur's excitement.
"There! Here we are. Now just get out of those clothes."
The words made Rodney freeze.
She whisked closed the flimsy cloth curtain.
In the tiny space there was a stool and a wall mirror.
Miss Newbold was so close he could feel her breath. He smelt her odour: the Chesterfield cigarettes, the perfume, and that mysterious womanly smell, intimate and sour.
She carefully perched her cats' eyes glasses on the bridge of her nose.
Rodney was petrified.
"Now the clothes...all of them...off!"
(To be continued.)