Many moons ago while I was doing a publicity shoot for a local horse show I met a photographer named Harry. Since that time I've done zillions of jobs for him. He likes me because I'm fairly tall and skinny and flat and available all summer. I mean available for photography shoots. Being fairly tall and skinny and flat are all big in modelling and his customers have been happy with the results so he keeps calling me. Harry lives on a very nice tract of land in Boxford about five miles from where I grew up and has a photo studio right on his own property and some garden areas and trees and a swimming pool which make nice locations for photo shoots.
Most people who read my stuff know about my best friend Michelle who works as a pastry chef in Salem. When I first started working for Harry I took Michelle with me every time I did a job for him. It's good form and even though he always had a make-up girl and a camera assistant and a lighting guy and his wife there, Chelle still came along to protect my virginity. Well, my modesty, anyway, my virginity having departed sometime earlier. But said departure is not what this story is about, it's about Chelle getting naked.
Harry is sixty-four now, I think, a large Santa Claus type guy, stout, with a gray beard and a shock of unruly hair. His wife is a very nice looking blond woman about twenty years younger than Harry, one of his former models, and they have a slightly older son and a daughter our age. They are kind of a hippy like family. He has nude photos of his wife hanging in his work place, something I don't think many men would do. His daughter appears at the swimming pool with no top on, which is something I wouldn't do at MY father's house except when my cousins visit from The Netherlands when we all go topless because Dutch girls do.
Anyway toplessness brings me to the point of the story. Harry has a lot of nude work in his portfolio and one day when he saw Michelle and I looking at some of them he asked her if she would pose nude for him, or as close to it as she felt comfy with. Likely his request stemmed from the fact that she has the biggest boobs of any girl we know. Naturally, everything would be done on the up and up, with model releases and chaperones and tasteful poses. She told him she'd think about it.
She and I discussed it between ourselves. Being a sensitive type she was kind of torn between the appeal of displaying her body to show herself as a sexual being and her natural shyness. It takes her a while to warm up to being nude with a new boy but she knows they enjoy her once she gets used to them and enjoys putting out once she's OK with it. She does have a really killer body and so it seemed like kind of a waste keeping it from the camera. Since she wasn't completely sure she decided she'd try a topless shoot first. So we made arrangements with Harry and a few days later we bicycled over there for what was Michelle's first ever real modeling job. For money anyway. She had allowed some of her boyfriends to take pictures of her.
Despite Harry being very nice she was very nervous, which anyone would probably be. The make-up girl did her face and fixed her hair and then Harry did a bunch of stuff first with her in clothes and then they graduated to bikinis to try to relax her. But I think all the suspense just made things worse. One of the problems was the witnesses, which in fact are absolutely necessary. Harry had one girl to do make-up and help him with the cameras and he also had his regular lighting man, Albert.
Albert was maybe nineteen at the time and he wasn't really a lighting man like in a professional studio, he was more of a handyman. For example when we arrived to do the shoot Albert was cutting Harry's lawn. He had a good deal there. We've had the same guys cutting our grass for years and as far as I know they haven't had any opportunities to see girls naked. At least I hope not since my sisters and I are the only girls that live there, except for Mom. Come to think of it Mom being Dutch and rather casual about that kind of thing they may very well have seen her naked. And her boobs are just as big as Chelle's.
Anyway I understood what Michelle's problem was being so shy about herself. Being naked, or at least bare breasted, in front of another girl and a man old enough to be your grandfather was one thing but having a guy there who was more or less your own age was another kettle of fish. He always made me nervous and he never saw me in anything less than my underwear. Showing him her bare tits was a big step for her. Harry had me break out some red wine to help relax her and after a half glass it did.
At any rate, they proceeded with the shoot and after a time got to some photos with Chelle in a thong bikini, which really set off her body. She's a tad thin for the size of the tits she has and has nice ass cheeks as well. In fact you could photograph her just for her bum. And being a tad short everything looks a little bigger in a photo. I think at that point with a little more wine and the natural effects of showing herself almost naked she started to get into it a little more and enjoyed the way the guys stared at her, especially her nearly bare ass. The bikini top covered her boobs pretty well but the thong bottom left little to the imagination.
Finally Harry wanted to try some tasteful photos of her naked to the waist. Because she had had a bikini top on they had to wait half an hour while the marks on her skin faded. Whenever I'm going to take my top off we always plan things to avoid that kind of wait but since it was her first time Harry took it step by step. The wait made Chelle nervous again so we resorted to still more wine. Finally Harry came over and very politely asked her to remove her cover-up so he could see her in just her thong bottom.
She was a little unnerved but dutifully she bared her boobs for him, knowing all the while Albert would see them too. Plus I knew for a fact she had never shown her boobs to an older man like that and she was more than a little embarrassed when the moment finally came. Showing a boy your own age your tits is something you relish, watching his eyes on them, wondering what it will feel like having his hands and his mouth on them, but showing herself to Harry she later told me was more like showing herself to my father. But after a bit of hesitation she was naked except for that little thong bottom.
"Splendid, just splendid," Harry intoned, in a kindly as opposed to a lecherous fashion. Her tits are really beautiful, nice and full and round and soft and snow white. I had seen them before, of course. When we were younger we used to compare tits all the time. Even before we had tits. Then almost month-by-month we'd watch them grow. Well, hers grew. For me comparing tits with her was nothing but an exercise in frustration. But I digress. Harry asked her to put her hands behind her head, which showed her boobs to full advantage. Of course her nipples were rock hard which I think embarrassed her even more because Harry could see how turned on she was. Then he asked her to spread her elbows back further which made her tits stick out even more. Awesome. I think that was the word Albert was silently searching for.
Harry never turned a hair. He's seen a lot of girl's tits in his time, at least from a modelling perspective. Anyway, he was satisfied, as any sensible guy would have been, and he said they could proceed. Michelle looked a little disconcerted when the make-up girl started putting blush on her tits but hey, in these photos who was going to be looking at her face? She also said she had ice cubes handy if Chelle should lose her nipple erection which, frankly, I thought unlikely.
Harry thought it would help real Chelle if I took over the primping from the make-up girl so I did. With her hands behind her head I brushed her hair back a little and lightly touched each boob. A bit of sweat gleamed from under each arm and at her belly button so I patted those dry. She winced just a bit as I went down below to take the glow off the thin fabric between her legs. I didn't have to touch her to know by this time she was well on her way to being fully lubed but I did. She was so wet I put a tissue in my hand and stuck it in between her bottoms and her snatch to clean her up a little, something no make-up girl could have done.
Meanwhile Harry feigned adjusting his camera and when I had gotten through with these delicate maneuvers had her put an open shirt on to do some peak-a-boob stuff, no nipples being visible. Then finally off came the shirt. He complimented her very sincerely on how nice her breasts looked and began taking pictures with gusto. I'm sure that's the way I'd want the photographer to feel if I was standing there almost naked.
Back to Albert the nineteen year-old light man. The shoot went well except that in addition to setting up and moving the lights a part of Albert's job was to stand next to Michelle with a light meter. Meanwhile Harry tried to get her positioned just the way he wanted her and fiddled with the camera and the barn doors on the lights and puffed on a cigarette and all this time Albert stood there holding the light meter about a quarter inch from Michelle's left nipple. Which, of course, is exactly what he was being paid to do. I did notice he also spent a certain amount of time eyeballing her tits but I ask you, where would we all be if guys didn't like to eyeball girl's tits? I went to dry her underarms again and by now could smell the musky odor of sex emanating from between her legs. Which meant Albert could smell it too.
Anyway Harry took an hour photographing Michelle's bare chest before he was satisfied. After all, if he followed union rules, which he of course did, he had to pay her for four hours, so why not take your time. Actually Harry is pretty fast compared to some people I've worked for who are never happy with the lights or the hair or the make-up or the general state of the economy. He did shots in the studio, shots out in the trees behind the house and shots by the pool. Shots in pants, shots in shorts and shots in bikini bottoms. I knew we'd never escape without shots of her bent over forward, her ample bosom displaying itself to best advantage. He wanted her to hang upside down but she passed on that. I'd love to see how her tits look that way.
Finally Harry was happy and they knocked off. He realized it had been kind of a traumatic experience for her and told her to call him if she wanted to go further. She got dressed and we bicycled to Benson's ice cream place. Sitting there licking our cones she told me she felt like everyone was staring at her boobs. She told me how horny the whole thing had made her so I took her home and gave her time to relieve herself in the shower at the girl's end of the house.
When the proofs were ready we went back to Harry's. The pictures were great, as I knew they'd be. Harry knows what he's doing and Michelle really does have a wicked body. Even so you could see her shyness coming through in some of the photos. I thought some of these were the sexiest, her almost nude but looking very vulnerable nonetheless. Harry had some time so he called his wife out to witness and did some more shots of Michelle by the pool with a 35mm instead of his medium format which meant he really wasn't serious. But she'd get paid again. Harry is nothing if not generous. He had her just in thong bottoms, no shirt. She has a great ass and you could tell Harry was really happy with her body, not just in a very professional sort of way but personally as well. Of course I knew he'd never touch her. I wasn't surprised when Harry started talking up the nude angle again and I knew Chelle was thinking about it and suddenly right there and then she told Harry she'd do it.
Harry rejoiced. He really wanted to see her completely nude, photography aside. Just as a man. He asked her if she'd be willing to shave herself completely bare for the occasion and she said she'd have to think about that. She doesn't usually shave all the way. I do, so I know it makes you feel really exposed being photographed in the nude that way. Harry said she could think about it and do what she liked, just show up either with a winter bush, shaved neatly, or completely bare. Her choice. She made an appointment for ten days later.
Over the next week she fretted about doing nude but she didn't want to appear chicken, not that I would care but she knew Harry would be disappointed and he had been very nice to her. She could tell he wanted to see her naked. Having a man you like want to see you nude can be a very tempting proposition. And deep down inside I think she really relished the idea of showing herself to the world. Of course she knew when Harry displayed the pictures at the in town galleries all the boys we knew would see her naked as well. Far as I knew she had only been with half a dozen boys so her nakedness was still something special, something I could not say. Now she'd have to share it with a lot of others.
We talked about shaving. I showed her myself and how when you're shaved boys can really see all of you, every little fold of your pussy, just like they were eating you out. She told me only three boys we knew had gone down on her in any detail so this was really a big step in putting herself out there. I knew from our games how beautiful she was down there. Anyway four days before the shoot she decided she would indeed shave all the way and she did it in my bathroom so I could help her. Later she stood in front of he mirror and we admired the way she looked and she let me photograph her that way, lying on her back on my bed, legs spread as wide as they would go. I'd never even seen my sisters like that. I knew Harry would love her.
Finally the big day came and, with Michelle fortified with some wine before we even got there. I knew this would work. She was turned on when we got there and Harry was more than ready for Michelle in the nude. He had a make-up girl to do her face and her body. She had to strip all the way so the girl could powder everything. She was ready to comb her cunt hair with a rattail but Chelle had rendered combing moot, at least down there.
Harry watched her get made up, something he wouldn't normally do since she was stark naked. Usually you'd do that in private but I'm sure he wanted to see her nude in a natural, relaxed state and to help her get used to him seeing her that way. He told her how happy he was she had decided to do this. Harry's wife came in and so did his daughter and his son. I could see his daughter, who is our age, sizing up Chelle's nude body. All girls do stuff like that. No contest, I thought.
Whereas Harry was sensitive to the concerns of his models I was surprised he had his son there. Later on I learned that having a boy there your own age makes the whole thing a lot hornier, a good thing from the photographer's point of view and the model's. I know it always makes my nipples harder and my pussy wetter having a boy there you know wants to fuck you. Makes you feel more desirable, sexier, more vulnerable, all things that contribute to a more wanton look in your pictures. You think about his mouth on your mouth, on your tits, traveling down your tummy to your girlhood, his tongue finding your clit, his dick finding your hole, filling you, him pounding away and finally the ultimate reward for both of you. It worked for Chelle.
Make-up done, she was ready. This time Harry went back to the medium format and had a camera girl to do Polaroids for him and make notes on the technical stuff, which meant he was really serious. Of course Albert was there and he got to stare at Michelle in the nude with his light meter two inches this time from her bare snatch. I couldn't blame Albert, I stared at her too. Later she told me being nude in front of Albert reminded her of the little fear that's always there that a stranger will come along and you'll be helpless to resist him. That made her even hotter.
I wondered what Harry's wife thought, having her husband photographing this beautiful young girl in the nude. She looked great naked, always did, since she had been five years old. And Harry did not hide his appreciation of his bareass subject. He continually told her how gorgeous she looked. He spent three hours on the session. She looked great, the photos looked great and Harry was great. The only problem was she had to take two breaks to go clean herself up as she got wetter and wetter between the legs.
Harry started with the obligatory peek-a-boo stuff, with Michelle covering parts of herself with feather boas and kerchiefs and stuff like that. Then he had her drop the props and cover herself as best she could with just her hands. Then he did her from the rear, first with her hands on her ass and then bare bum. He shot her with her hands over her head and then had her bend over, her bare ass facing him. Of course you could see everything, not just her genitals but her asshole too.
She didn't like it and it showed but she had promised herself she'd do everything he wanted except put stuff in herself so she did it for as long as he wanted. You could tell he liked her that way. I know she's never been fucked from the rear although boys have wanted to but later she said she did find it kind of exciting in a kind of taboo sort of way. And liberating, the shy girl who bakes gingerbread houses and makes doughnuts for a living. Delicate little Michelle whom I've known all my life.
Then he had her turn around and did some tit shots, with her hands hiding her privates. She looked just awesome, naked as the day she was born. All the time her nipples were hard as rocks, and so were mine. At that point he wanted her to stick her fingers into herself and she declined and Harry didn't press it. I knew she was horny enough so she must have been tempted. A few quick strokes and he would have been able to photograph her cumming. That would have been a classic. I know from our games she really gets into it. When she's getting whipped you think she's screaming in pain but it's really her getting off. You're supposed to hit her even harder. She never even feels it.
I searched her face for clues to how she felt having guys see her totally nude. I remembered how I felt the first time a boy saw me naked. At first I covered my breasts and my genitals with my hands. I looked at him and he looked at me. I could tell he liked what he saw and that made the little hint of fear I felt worthwhile. My breath quickened, my heart beat faster. I felt anticipation of him enjoying my naked body. The dampness in my armpits, between my legs. The musky smell of my own sex. I looked at him and he looked at me. The ache in my tummy, just above my cunt, made me wonder who wanted who more. I dropped my hands to bare my tits, white as snow, soft as silk, pink nipples hard as rocks. Pale white breasts glowing softly in the morning sun. The air was cold but I wasn't. My own inner engine warmed me. I felt the little tightness in my stomach that is the uncertainty I still feel when I'm naked for the first time for a new boy, the wonder of the fire building in my body. I removed my other hand to expose the silken ramp of my cunt hair, the thin brown ramp that leads to the promised land. And I offered myself to him. Not verbally, just physically. Hungry eyes upon me, devour me. He stands in front of me and stares. And the more he stares the more my moist pink pussy burns. I'm all brown hair and boobs and flat tummy, long thin legs, taut little rear. Legs spread just enough. Just enough to make the offer clear. And he took me up on it and I gave myself gladly.
I watched Michelle's face and knew just what she felt standing there naked as the camera snaps away and she closes her eyes and concentrates on the magic feelings deep in her body. Lost in the joy it gives her. The warmth of her breasts, the hardness of her nipples, the heat in her loins, the moisture of her pussy, the ache inside that only one thing can cure. I saw her squeeze her thighs together, knowing exactly what she was trying to do. And all the while Harry snapped away.
He went through a regular routine. Indoors in front of a screen, outdoors in some woods, by the pool, then back indoors for some really sexy stuff on a bed. First lying there on her stomach, then sitting up, then lying down, then stretched out full-length nude. Finally, he had her spread her legs. First, he had her keep her hands in front of her and then at last he had her take them away. She lay there on the bed, legs first spread wide then with her knees pulled up, just like if she were with a boy. What she would have given for a boy just then.
Harry took a lot of stuff with her feeling herself up, rubbing her hands up and down her body, over her tits and her ass and between her thighs but no direct cunt stimulation which we all knew would make her explode. He kept at the spread leg stuff. I had seen her nude more times than I could count but I couldn't help stare at the wonder of her with her lips spread wide. The pinkness of her insides against her snow-white skin, the burning desire I knew she felt almost overwhelmed her and I knew right then she would have begged the right boy to do her properly. I couldn't take my eyes off the girl I had known for so many years, legs spread wide there on the bed, her body offered to whomever would take it. How I envied her. All through it her pussy just glowed, her lips so moist and shiny that later the makeup girl had to give her some tissues. It was all she could do to keep her hands off herself. Later on she fixed that.
I always knew Harry was a little kinky so I wasn't really surprised when he asked her if he could tie her down, spreadeagled there on the bed. This was something we both would have died for if we were alone with a guy but not here in public so she declined but she did let him tie her hands together. He had her sit on the edge of the bed and he took a nice white cotton piece of rope and tied her wrists in front of her. Then had her put her hands behind her head to better show off her tits. She was lovely, with her boobs displayed, completely nude, her hands tied.
Then he tied her wrists behind her and at that point I suggested he tie her elbows too to force her chest out. That was always a big turn on for both of us. And now it was for all of us because I know Harry appreciated this naked girl there helpless in front of him. And I bet his wife did too. I bet he ties her up regularly in their bedroom. I wondered if his daughter ever let a boy tie her up. As he photographed her tied up like that I saw her stare at Albert. I knew the thought of being helpless, nude, tied up in front of a strange man was enough to make her explode. Seated on the bed I could see her try to force her cunt lips down so she could rub against the fabric.
Lastly Harry retied Chelle's wrists cross wise in front of her and strung her up by her wrists. That was best of all. I've done it to her a couple of dozen times over the many years I've known her, though I never took her picture that way. I love it and she loves it. I stretch her a lot tighter than Harry did and let the whip do it's work all over. Oh for a whip and some privacy. I've never done her shaved clean down there though guys have done me that way and it hurts like nothing else. I know how she looks forward to being whipped, hanging there naked and helpless, not knowing how much it will hurt.
She was hardly ever even spanked growing up, and never on her bare ass. I taught her how much it hurt. It hurt like hell. As I got bigger I got stronger and could hurt her more she'd beg me to take it easy on her me but I wouldn't. I knew how wonderful it would make her body feel as the whip did it's work on her naked body and at some point the pain gradually began to recede and slowly her burning body gave way to the ache inside her and she'd cum till she almost fainted.
But I digress. Harry finished the pictures he wanted and had me untie her and thanked her and told her she could get dressed and invited us back to see the photos. I knew I couldn't wait and neither could she. Off to the bathroom and then twenty minutes later she came back with her clothes on and a smile on her face. Harry kissed us both gently on the forehead and we left. Like before, we went to Benson's ice cream store. Sitting there in the shade eating our ice cream she just glowed.
After ice cream we went over to Stiles Pond and walked into the woods and stripped to our underpants and lay in the sun. After a while I stripped the rest of the way and slipped into the water to go for a naked swim. Looking back to shore I could see Chelle's hand had slipped inside her undies. It was a short swim so I hung off the raft and let her finish.
Half an hour later I went back and she was lying there softly asleep. In a few minutes some fishermen showed up so we put our clothes on and went to my house. I called Tim Daigle and suggested he wouldn't regret it if he called Chelle. Her phone jingled thirty seconds later. After their date she called me. I was right, he didn't regret it. Neither did she. The photos turned out great. And two weeks later photos of Chelle's nude body adorned the walls of the Newburyport Art Association, admired by every boy we knew. And some we didn't.