CHAPTER ONE
Jenny looked at the clock as she poured herself her second glass of wine. It was 9 pm, and Joe still wasn't home yet. Tuesday was supposed to be his day off. She eyed her cell phone on the counter, biting her lip. Was it too annoying to call him to find out where he was?
No. That was the wrong way to think. They were married. She was his life. She was allowed to call him whenever she wanted. Before she could let her internal dialogue go too far, she grabbed the phone and dialled his number from speed dial.
#
Joe was in the kitchen, clipboard in hand, taking inventory when his cell phone buzzed. He pulled the phone out of his pocket. The caller ID told him it was Jenny. He checked the time. Past 9 pm. He was in trouble.
He answered the phone.
"Honey, I'm so sorry! I completely lost track of time. I'm really, really sorry."
"That's okay," Jenny said from the other end of the line, sounding genuinely concerned. "Is everything okay? Where are you?"
"I'm still at the restaurant. I'm just wrapping up inventory, and then I'll be right home."
"When do you think you'll be here?" she asked.
"Maybe an hour?"
"So late? Joe, you promised we could spend some time together tonight."
"I know, honey, and I really am sorry."
"Isn't there anyone else who can finish up for you? It's supposed to be your day off."
"Jenny, I own the place. I don't get days off anymore. But I'm going to finish this up quickly, and then I'll rush home and make it up to you, I promise."
"Well, if you don't hurry, I'm going to finish the wine all by myself."
"The good part about owning a restaurant is I always have wine handy."
"Joe, if I finish a whole bottle of wine by myself, do you really think the solution to that problem is more wine?"
Joe never knew if Jenny was a lightweight when it came to drinking or if his perception of alcohol was so skewed by his years in the business that she just seemed like one in comparison to his social group. Either way, if she did finish a whole bottle of red to herself, he knew exactly what would happen. After glass #2, she would start to get giggly. Somewhere after glass #3, she would get in the mood, and he would have a very good night. Even if she was mad at him for being late. But, if she finished the entire bottle, then she would be passed out on the couch when he got home.
"I will be home as soon as I can, sweetie. Save a glass for me, please."
"We'll see how I feel. Love you," she said.
"Love you, too."
Joe ended the call, and returned to his inventory with a renewed focus.
He'd been working so much since he bought the restaurant three months ago, that he had barely had any time to spend with his wife. The distance was wearing on both of them.
#
Jenny hung up the phone, and took a sip of her wine. She didn't know much about wine. She left that to Joe. There had to be some advantages to being married to a trained chef. All she knew was that she liked this particular bottle.
She made her way from the kitchen island to the couch, which was only a few steps. Jenny and Joe's condo was not big, but it was big enough for them. They were still a young couple, and neither of them went in for large amounts of "stuff." They hadn't had kids. Yet. They kept waiting for the time to be right. Jenny actually wasn't sure what that meant, but she was pretty sure with Joe now working constantly, it was definitely NOT the right time.
Regardless, their small condo suited their needs. They were rarely home. When they did have time to themselves, they preferred to go out, anyway, and so this cozy little condo had been their home since they got married five years earlier. Jenny grabbed the television remote from where it lay on the sofa cushion next to her, and hit the power button. She flipped through a few channels, but nothing on primetime television held her interest. She was restless. And almost finished her second glass of wine.
She got up from the couch, and started pacing around her living room, which basically meant doing laps around the couch, the recliner and the coffee table. She came to the window and looked out.
It was dark out, but still relatively early. Most of the condo units had lights on in at least one room. The condo building was constructed in the shape of a U. It was only four stories tall, but each floor probably had about twenty units. The units on the outside of the building had views of Greenville, which basically meant they had views of other small condo buildings and green space.
The units on the inside of the U, like Jenny and Joe's, had a view onto the courtyard and fountain that was in the middle of the condo building. During the day, it was nice to look into the middle of the courtyard and admire the fountain and the nicely manicured lawn.
At night, the fountain was lit, but it wasn't very impressive. Just a pool of glowing water. But, the units on the inside of the U had other sights to look at. Because of the layout of the condo, a resident of one of the interior units of the building had a good view into the condos of their neighbours that lived on one of the other two sides of the U. If a neighbour kept his lights on, and forgot to close the blinds, you might as well be sitting in their home with them.
At first, when they had moved in, that had bothered Jenny, but over time, she had learned to simply close the blinds, and didn't think about it too much.
Tonight, as she paced aimlessly around her living room, polishing off her second glass of wine, the condo unit directly across the courtyard from her, caught her attention. Her neighbour across the way had their living room lights on, and had indeed forgotten to close her blinds. In and of itself, this was nothing too exciting, but this particular neighbour had always been a bit more... free.
Jenny had never met her personally - after all, there were probably around 80 units in the building - but, she thought she had moved in about three months ago. At least that was the first time she had noticed her. At the time, she and Joe had been home watching a movie. She happened to look out the window and peer across the courtyard, much as she'd done from time to time for the previous four years. Only this time, there was a new person there, and that new person was naked. Completely and utterly naked.
At first, Jenny thought she was seeing things, but after staring for a while, she had nudged Joe and pointed out what she was seeing.
Joe confirmed that their neighbour from across the building did indeed seem to be going about her evening completely in the nude. She wasn't doing anything special. She looked as though she were tidying up, or maybe folding laundry. She just so happened to be doing it in the nude.
"Do you think we should let her know we can see her?" Jenny had asked, mortified.
"Don't you think that would just embarrass her? Not to mention us?" Joe had replied.
That was when Jenny noticed that Joe's idle curiosity seemed to be a little less idle than hers. He had all but abandoned the movie, and was spending most of his time looking at their blonde neighbour. Jenny wanted to be angry. Maybe slap his face, like she'd seen angry wives do in the movies. But she was too shocked.
In truth, Jenny had a hard time not looking herself. Their neighbour was a statuesque blonde, with features that were somewhere between All American and Scandinavian. Her physique was slim and firm, which Jenny would soon find out was from a lot of naked yoga and regular trips to the gym (presumably not naked). She had breasts that were large, but high and firm. She had once asked Joe what he thought of those breasts, and he answered simply by saying, "They're fake." Jenny didn't think she had ever seen a pair of fake breasts before, although if she had, she probably wouldn't know. All she knew was that the pair on her blonde neighbour were large, high and firm. A killer combination.
Jenny, tried to resist the urge to compare herself to the blonde across the courtyard. Unfortunately, she failed. She was the blonde's opposite in so many ways. Brunette. Petite. Far from a striking blonde goddess, she thought of herself more as girl next door cute. She wasn't exactly insecure, but she had never been overly confident with her looks. Joe seemed to like her body. Still, she couldn't blame him for looking at the blonde who shamelessly exposed herself. That didn't mean that she was going to let him do it. The first chance she got, she shot Joe a look that, while it may not have been a slap, conveyed a very clear message.
Joe, embarrassed, brought his attention back to the television. That first night that they saw their neighbour, after they'd seen the movie and moved to the bedroom, Joe had been more eager than usual. They had had one of the most passionate sessions of love making that Jenny could remember. It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that the blonde had gotten Joe's engine started. At first, Jenny felt jealous. But, slowly, a strange thought had begun to emerge. Joe wasn't the only one who had been more passionate that night. She too, found herself craving his touch more than normal. Could it be that spying on their neighbour might have gotten her excited as well?
Eventually, she made her peace, and Jenny and Joe learned to live with the idea that there was a gorgeous creature that lived a few yards away, across a courtyard, that on occasion, enjoyed parading around her home completely naked.
As far as Jenny knew, the blonde had no idea that they could see her, although, all she had to do was look out her window and look into other people's homes to get a sense of just how easily they could do the same to her. So, perhaps she knew that others could see her and just didn't care? That thought unnerved Jenny. How could she let complete strangers see her naked?
Jenny returned to the present moment, and went to sip her wine, only to find her glass empty.
The scene in front of her was a new one. The blonde was naked in her living room, which was not unusual, but this time, she was not alone. She was with a man.
The man was tall and muscular, with sandy coloured hair. His shoulders and chest were broad, and his arms well muscled. His stomach was washboard toned. She knew all this, because the man was standing in nothing but his boxer briefs. A pair of white briefs that did little to conceal the contour of a prominent package, before ending on top of legs that could have belonged to a statue.
The man looked like he was picked out of the same perfect gene pool as the blonde. They could have been related. Except that if they were related, what they were doing was very, very inappropriate.
The man was holding the woman, and they were exchanging a kiss that was generating enough heat that Jenny needed to fan herself from the other side of the building.
As the two kissed, their hands began to roam.
Jenny knew she should turn away, close her blinds, give these two some privacy, but whether it was the wine, or the fact that she'd barely seen Joe in weeks, she couldn't remove herself from the scene playing out in front of her.
As the man's hands moved across the blonde's body, she shifted to give him access to those incredible breasts. He ran his hands over them, and even from this distance, Jenny could see the blonde shiver a bit. Apparently, Jenny noted, fake or not, those breasts were still sensitive.
As the blonde's hands moved across the man's body, she felt every single chiseled edge from his shoulders to his toned back, until her hands were resting on his firm buttocks. The blonde squeezed, but her fingers barely made an imprint on the man's boxer briefs.
That ass must be like a rock, Jenny thought.
Jenny realized that her breathing had quickened and she was feeling excited. She thought she should maybe go refill her wine glass, but she didn't want to leave the scene at the window, either, even though she knew perfectly well that she should. The woman's hands continued to caress the man's ass. Their heads moved from side to side, as they explored each other's mouths with their tongues. The man moved his attention from the woman's mouth to her neck, which caused her mouth to drop open, and her fingers to clench on his behind.
She moved her fingers up his ass until they were hooked into the waistband of his boxer briefs.
Jenny's breathing was now ragged. Her stomach was fluttering, and she was unconsciously rubbing her legs together. The blonde's fingers teased along the top of the man's waistband. Jenny was biting her lip now. She wanted to scream, "just fucking do it already." But she didn't.
Finally, the blonde bent her knees, and now in her lower position, she pulled down on the boxer briefs. From across the courtyard, Jenny watched as the man's cock bounced free of its cage and popped up and hit the woman in the chin. This appeared to amuse the blonde, because she was smiling and laughing. Jenny for her part was not laughing. From this far away it was impossible to say just how big the man's penis was, but she could tell it was impressive. Bigger than Joe's, and Joe was the biggest she had ever seen. The sight of the large cock was driving Jenny crazy. Without realizing it, her left hand was between her legs, rubbing the fabric of her yoga pants. When she realized what she was doing, she immediately pulled her hand away.
What was she doing? It was bad enough she was violating these people's privacy, she wasn't about to start masturbating to them while she was at it! Wine. That was the answer. She would go fetch herself a glass of wine to change her thoughts. Jenny moved quickly to the kitchen and poured herself another glass. Her pour was sloppier than usual. Some went over the edge of the glass. She took a quick gulp, hoping that it would calm her nerves. A little dribbled over her chin but she quickly caught it and scooped it up and then sucked her finger. For some reason, that action brought the flutter back in her stomach, and the tingling between her legs.
She turned around to look back towards the window, half hoping the couple would have moved to the bedroom where the blinds were closed. When she saw that they hadn't a small groan escaped from her lips. She needed to end this, but instead of moving away, she found herself walking back towards the window, glass of wine in hand.
The couple across the courtyard had rearranged themselves. The man now had his back to her, so she got a perfect view of his sculpted back and his perfect ass. As she expected, that ass was so tight that there was no bounce to it whatsoever. The blonde was almost completely hidden from her view behind the man's massive build, except for her hands that were holding on to the back of his thighs for support.
Even though the man was mostly blocking the blonde from view, it was clear, even from this vantage, what was happening. The blonde was now in a squatting position, and based on the way her arms were moving across the back of the man's thighs, Jenny could guess that she was bobbing back and forth on that monstrous cock.
Jenny took another sip of her wine, as her left hand found its way back in between her legs. The sight was more than she could take now, and the rational part of her brain had stopped telling her to look away. The voice that was saying walk away, was replaced by one screaming silently for the couple across the courtyard to turn to the side a bit, so that she could get a better view of the action. As it was, she was already getting a view of the naked behind of one of the finest male specimens she had ever seen. Still, part of her longed to see the blonde inhaling her partner.
A small voice in the back of Jenny's mind emitted a gasp. What was she doing? What was she thinking? This wasn't right! That voice, however, was very small and very faint, and Jenny could barely hear it, never mind listen to it.
The spot that Jenny was touching with her left fingers was no longer just warm. It was starting to feel moist, even through her panties and yoga pants. Could she really be that wet? Curious, she moved her hand from its spot outside the yoga pants to get a better feel inside those same pants. Sure enough, her panties were sopping. At the feel of her own pussy juice, Jenny's knees went weak, and she almost spilled red wine all over her carpet. She caught herself just in time.
She couldn't keep standing there, with one hand down her pants, and the other clutching a glass of wine. She looked around the room, then moved without thinking. She set her wine down on the end table by the couch and grabbed the recliner that faced the television and spun it around. Normally that recliner would have required some effort for her to move, but with the adrenaline pumping through her, she had no problem pulling it over to the window and spinning it around.
Grabbing her glass of wine, she collapsed into the recliner, one leg hooked over an arm rest, while the other dragged along the floor. She took a sip of her wine, now in her left hand, so she could sneak her right hand, her dominant hand, into the waist of her yoga pants. The feeling of the wetness made her knees tremble again, but in her new position, that didn't matter. She was at no risk of falling over.
Jenny rarely masturbated. It wasn't that she thought it was wrong. Well, maybe she did a bit. But really, it was because she had never really felt the urge. Joe satisfied her, and then some. She had no need to pleasure herself. Or so she thought. The scene in the other condo was unfolding as she had hoped. The blonde was still in her position with her hands grasping the man's thighs as her head sawed back and forth, but the man's head was now tilted backwards. Jenny could hear in her mind the sounds of him groaning and the slurping of her sucking his erection.
The man moved his right hand to the blonde's head. He was moving her had in a rhythm now that he timed with thrusts of his hips. He was no longer receiving a blowjob. He was fucking her face. Jenny's fingers on her right hand were now moving up and down her warm divide, separated only by her soaking wet panties. Watching the man fuck the blonde's mouth, she took another quick sip of her red wine and then placed it on the end table to free up both her hands. Her yoga pants were restricting her movements now. Without thinking, she peeled them off leaving her only her panties and tank top. With more room to maneuver, her right hand started moving like a blur over the front of her sopping underwear. Her breath, already ragged, was now coming in small quick succession.
The man stopped rocking his hips. He brought his left hand in front of him, and with both hands lifted his partner to her feet, locking her in a long kiss, exploring the mouth that had just been wrapped around his cock with his tongue. As the couple kissed, they turned slightly so that now Jenny had a profile view of them. The man's erection was now pinned upwards between him and his partner's stomach. The combination of difference in height between the two, and his length made it so that the tip of his cock was almost touching the underside of the blonde's spectacular boobs.
Jenny imagined having that giant cock pressed against her, and quickly brought her hand away from the front of her soaked panties, and instead plunged it inside them. Her juices were flowing. If she were able to take a deep breath, she was sure she would be smelling nothing but the smell of her own sex in the condo.
The blonde took the man's hand and sank back down. This time, she didn't stop in a squatting position. She positioned herself on her back, her knees bent, and legs spread. The sight of the blonde in that position alone was one of the sexiest things that Jenny had ever seen, but the addition of watching the man sink to his own knees, and assume the position between those knees was electrifying. Jenny drove her middle finger into her wet pussy now, and muffled a moan.
The man scooted backwards until his head was positioned just inches above the blonde's completely hairless sex. He said something to his companion, smiled, and then like a starving man, dove in. The instant he did, the blonde's head rocked backwards and her mouth opened, letting out a soundless scream. Jenny observed the scene and made a comparison to her own life. Joe almost never went down on her. It wasn't his fault. He had done it more often when they first got together, but more often than not, she would stop him. She felt self-conscious about him being down there. What if she were sweaty? What if she didn't taste right? After being told to stop so often, Joe had pretty much stopped going down there. Watching the couple across the courtyard, though, it didn't appear that the blonde had any such hesitations, and neither did her partner.
Jenny worked her index finger into her pussy as well now and started sawing furiously in and out. Her wine was forgotten, as was Joe, as was everything else. These two creatures out of some erotic fantasy were the only thing that were real to her now. The man's head was obscured by one of the blonde's legs, but based on the way she writhed, and gripped his hair, and opened and closed her mouth, he knew what he was doing.
The blonde kept her left hand in the man's hair, while her right hand moved across her perfect breasts, playing and tweaking each nipple. Meanwhile, the man's hands were busy alternating between playing between the blonde's legs, and grabbing her ass roughly. His erection was still standing at attention, looking like a third leg in his position on all fours.
Jenny imagined the gorgeous man between her own legs, lapping at her pussy, and grabbing her ass. The blonde had a near perfect body, but Jenny had a better ass. That's right. She did have a great ass. Joe told her all the time, and even if it made her shy to admit it, she knew that other men looked at it, too. The man could grab her ass all he wanted. He could knead it, fondle it, he could stick his fingers in it. Maybe more. Jenny was losing her mind. The panties were now a nuisance the same way the yoga pants had been, so in one swift motion she removed them and tossed them to the side. She now lay, legs splayed open on her recliner, both hands attacking her pussy. While the fingers of her right hand penetrated her sex repeatedly, her left fingers flicked her clit. She was rocking her hips back and forth in time with the sawing of her right hand. Then she realized that she was also in rhythm with the rocking of the blonde across the courtyard.
The man was now using one of his hands to piston in and out of his partner's pussy, and she was responding by driving her weight down hard on him. The motion of his arm had started slow, but soon quickened until his arm was now a blur. The blonde's motions were no longer timed to anything, she was just bucking wildly now.
Jenny was in the same boat. She felt a familiar feeling coming over her. A tingling deep inside her body that was growing more and more intense. As she watched the blonde going crazy, she too was now furiously rubbing, fingering and grinding. The tingling spread.
Through the windows, the blonde's bucking suddenly stopped, and her whole body froze. Her back arched, and her head went back, displaying those perfect globes even more. Her mouth opened and she shook her head from side to side. The man's hands never relented, though.
Jenny wished she could hear the sounds coming from that apartment, but soon it wouldn't matter, because she would be making the same sounds herself. The tingling grew, and the moistness around her fingers increased. Her pussy clenched, first once, then twice, and then like a wave crashing down, it all hit her at once. She stopped the motion on her clit, but she left her fingers inside her, as her pussy locked onto them, trying to draw them deeper. Every other muscle in her body clenched as well. A scream came from somewhere inside her that she didn't know existed, and as her body shuddered violently she screamed out, "I'M CUMMMMMMING!"
Wave after wave of spasm hit her. Her fingers came free of her pussy, along with a torrent of juice. She didn't think she'd ever seen them so soaked. Somewhere in the corner of her mind, she wondered if she'd left a mess on the chair. But that thought was distant as she simply let herself sink deeper into it, every tension in every muscle fading away as quickly as it had come.
As Jenny's orgasm passed, the reality of the situation started to return. She was sitting in a recliner facing the window, which looked out on the courtyard of her condo building, watching a couple of strangers have sex, while she herself masturbated wildly to them. Only then did the realization hit her that if she could see her neighbours, maybe they, or others, could see her as well. Jenny quickly jumped off the chair. Instead of going for her soaked panties and yoga pants, she ran to the kitchen, and flicked off the light. It had been the only light in the condo. Maybe it hadn't been enough to allow people a proper view into the apartment. Then, she ran to the television and turned that off too, so that the dim light from the screen did not give her away either.
Only then did she make her way back to the recliner. She got on her hands and knees to search for her underwear in the dark. As she did so, she risked a glance outside. There were no immediate signs that anyone was watching her. There didn't appear to be any people standing at their windows trying to catch a glance into her unit. She let out an audible sigh of relief.
The couple that had been putting on a show for her earlier, also didn't seem to have noticed that they had lost an audience, and hopefully, they had never known they had had one in the first place. The man had climbed up the blonde's body, and he was now kissing her face and her neck, while his body hovered over hers. His cock looked as hard as ever, as it now aimed over the opening where the man's face and hands had just been.
"Christ, girl, get a hold of yourself," Jenny said to herself, as she noticed that she was once again frozen in place, only now she was on her hands and knees in a dark apartment, hunting for discarded panties. But, even as she said it, her right hand involuntarily went back to her vagina.
She was still sensitive, because as soon as she touched the lips, a shudder ran up her spine. She shook it off. She knew she should just grab her panties and pants, put the chair back where it had been, and then grab a cold shower. It was not right to be watching people in their most private moments. This was an invasion of their privacy. Plus, Joe would be home soon. Oh God. Joe. What would he think?
Despite all of these reflections, the couple with the bodies out of Greek mythology had once again stolen her attention.
Well, if they didn't want to be watched, maybe they shouldn't have started fucking by the window where the whole world could see them, Jenny thought. She knew full well that the rationalization was flimsy. She had just masturbated in very similar circumstances, and it wasn't as though she had been hoping for an audience. She would be mortified if anyone saw what she'd done.
Wouldn't she?
Her internal dialogue was cut short by movement from the other apartment. The couple had seemed to just be lovingly kissing and caressing each other's bodies for the last few moments, but now the man repositioned himself. He lined up his body with the blonde's, the engorged cock pointing straight at the toned woman's opening. The blonde's legs were blocking some of it, but Jenny had a good idea what would happen next. And happen it did.
Slowly, the man pushed his swollen girth into his partner's waiting hole. Even if Jenny couldn't get a good view of the full penetration, the look on the blonde's face told her exactly what she needed to know, her mouth opening wider and wider with every inch that entered her, until finally, she smiled widely once the sandy-haired man was all the way in.
He started thrusting his hips, slowly at first, the movements sensual and loving. Jenny without thinking was once again touching her pussy, and rubbing the engorged lips with her index and ring finger, while her middle finger played with her sensitive clit.
In short order, the man's slow movements began to pick up speed. In no time at all, the sensual love making had turned into rough fucking, as he slammed his cock into the blonde to the hilt. His face was pure animal lust, and hers face was unbridled ecstasy. With every plunge, Jenny was sure the woman was letting out a scream. Her neighbours must be able to hear them, Jenny thought, then realized how absurd it was to be concerned about sound when she had a front row seat to the whole experience.
The man was now on his toes, his hands on either side of the blonde, in a position that looked something like a push up. It allowed him to move even faster than before, pulling his long manhood out until only the tip was touching the blonde's lips, and then slamming forward until he was once again buried deep inside. He did this over and over and over again. His hips became a blur.
Jenny's hand became a blur. She was now on her knees, her right hand working furiously at her slit, while her left hand had gone under her shirt to tweak and play with her nipples. No, not again, she thought, but that thought was distant. Her brain was not in control right now. Her libido was.
The man shifted positions slightly again. This time, he got on his knees and raised the blonde's legs higher, positioning them on his shoulders. This gave him a better angle to go even deeper. Grabbing her hips, he started pounding her relentlessly.
With the blonde's legs up, Jenny had a better view of the full penetration. The blonde's completely hairless pussy spread over her partner's cock and looked as though it was inviting him in. All hope of removing herself from the situation was now gone.
Jenny rubbed her clit furiously. There was no gentle touching, only rough, hard stimulation. Her left hand was being equally as rough with her tits. Her breasts may have been smaller than the blonde's, but she wondered if the blonde's were anywhere near as sensitive. Joe had once made her orgasm using nothing but his mouth on her breasts. Now, she pulled and twisted each of her nipples in turn. Each violent action sent a shiver of pleasure shooting through her body. She moaned loudly, and continuously. Meanwhile, the man had not slowed down. He was holding the blonde's ass up to improve his angle as he buried himself deeper and deeper inside her. Each thrust ended in a slam against the blonde's firm thighs, and as he pulled back out, Jenny was just able to make out the sight of his balls swinging back and forth like a pair of manly pendulums.
The man's face was still contorted into that animalistic snarl. His eyes were fixed on his beautiful partner, as he rammed her continuously. At that pace, it would be impossible for him to keep going much longer.
The blonde tried to hold her generous breasts with one arm, to prevent them from bouncing too much as the man fucked her deep. She used her free hand to reach down to just above where she was being penetrated and rubbed her clit in a way that was not dissimilar to what Jenny was doing. Occasionally, she would bring her hand up from her clit so that she could add additional support to her breasts, but inevitably, she would once again reach down and play with herself as she continued to get pummelled.
The blonde's head was moving from side to side. She did not make eye contact with her partner. She couldn't. Her eyes were squeezed shut. She alternated between biting her lower lip, forming an O with her lips, and screaming something that looked an awful lot like, "FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK."
Jenny was bouncing up and down on her knees now. Her right arm was getting sore from the speed with which she was rubbing her clit, but she didn't dare stop. She was so close to cumming for the second time in just a few minutes. She could feel that sensation rising within her, then receding just a little until it rose again. Her whole body tingled. She was manhandling her breasts in a way that Joe had never done in all the years they'd been together. She wanted to close her eyes and lose herself in the feeling of her own pleasure, but she didn't dare rip her sight away from the pure animal sex that was happening across the courtyard.
The man stopped his pounding. He dropped the blonde's ass roughly on the ground and repositioned himself so that he now stood over her. Taking his glistening cock, wet with the blonde's pussy juice in his right hand, he guided it now towards the blonde's mouth.
With the man's assault on her pussy over, the blonde stopped thrashing and opened her eyes. When she saw what was in front of them, she wasted no time. She moved her left hand down to her pussy, and used her right hand to grab hold of the erection in front of her.
In one smooth motion, she inhaled the entire length and then let it pop loose. She repeated this motion two more times, and then just left the bulbous head between her lips, as she now concentrated on stroking the shaft with her right hand. There was no slow teasing this time. Her hand flew up and down the rod with the same speed that she was using to attack her clit.
Then, it was the man's turn to close his eyes and let his jaw drop. Jenny thought she knew what was coming, but at the last second, the sandy-haired blonde man surprised her. He pulled his cock out of the gorgeous blonde's mouth and replaced her hand with his. Three strokes was all it took.
Even from this far away, Jenny could see the man's whole body contract as the first shot of cum erupted from his cock and sprayed across the woman's chest. But he didn't stop there. Rope after rope of cum flew forth, painting the woman's breasts, stomach, chin and parts of the surrounding floor.
With every blast, the blonde massaged the sticky white cum into her body, as she smiled brightly staring at her partner reach ecstasy.
That sent Jenny over the edge.
"Oh shit," she whispered, as she felt the tingling feeling that started somewhere in the depths of her stomach and expanded outwards. Her toes curled, and she let out a loud scream. Her pussy got even warmer and then, she erupted. The juices flowed freely. Her fingers got wetter, and the wetness ran down her legs, and puddled on the floor. Part of her wanted to stop rubbing her clit, because it was so sensitive, but another part complained that it felt too good to stop. She kept rubbing, and she kept cumming.
Finally, the tingling died down. Her muscles relaxed, and she ceased her attack on her pussy. She crumpled into a heap on the floor, laying next to the pool of pussy juice she had just created.
"Holy shit," was all she could bring herself to say.