I don't know what my wife is up to, but she has booked a restaurant and arranged for us to go out for dinner tonight. The biggest surprise was that she had also arranged for the neighbour's daughter, Rose, to babysit our seven-year-old son while we were out. Under normal circumstances, this would be a good thing, but I never knew what my wife's real intentions were.
I have to say, my wife looked fabulous when she got ready. Her hair was nicely made up, and she wore a lovely fitted dress that showed off her reasonably trim figure. I had found a nice casual shirt that I hadn't worn for some time and, surprisingly, it still fitted.
The doorbell chimed right on time as Rose arrived to start her babysitting duty. Rose was wearing a tightly fitted white blouse and a pleated miniskirt. She had that quintessential schoolgirl look that I find really sexy.
'Hi Mrs Peterson,' said Rose. 'You look nice tonight.'
'Thank you, Rose,' my wife replied.
'Hi Mr Peterson,' said Rose. 'I like that shirt you are wearing.'
I tried to ensure that this compliment was downplayed. My wife does not like it when other women notice me.
I made sure that I focussed my attention on my wife as we both got ready. We have a floor to ceiling mirror next to our front door, and she stood there and put on these strappy, black high heels. If there's one thing that will capture my wife's attention, it is a big mirror. She stood in front of it for some time, finishing off getting ready. For my part, I liked looking at her too. She does look beautiful when she makes an effort.
Our son had just finished his dinner and was carrying his big box of building blocks into the lounge. Maybe he was tired, or perhaps the box was too heavy, but there was this almighty crash, and the blocks tipped out onto the floor. Our son raced off to his room to avoid being scolded by his mother.
I could see my wife's annoyance at the mess on the floor, but fortunately, Rose jumped up and said, 'I'll clean that up.'
Rose knelt on the floor and then was on her hands and knees as she sweet up the bricks. 'Mr Peterson,' she said, looking at me cheekily. 'Can you pass that bucket over here?'
I went over to the other side of the room and collected the bucket. When I turned around, I got the surprise of my life. Rose, the naughty minx, was facing away from me and I could clearly see was commando: she was not wearing any knickers under that short miniskirt!
The way Rose was facing, her back was pointing to me, and so my wife had no way of knowing what I was seeing. I had to quickly glance at my wife to make sure I wouldn't get caught perving. Fortunately, my wife had, as usual, carried on admiring herself in the mirror.
I had watched Rose masturbate naked on her deck just a few days ago. On those occasions, I had been spying on her from our upstairs office. Seeing Rose's bald, shaved pussy on display up close was something else altogether. Rose had arched her back slightly, which emphasised the view I had of her beautifully smooth pussy lips. I knew that I needed to keep my composure or else I would get caught perving on the neighbour's daughter by my wife.
Standing up and straightening out her skirt, Rose said, 'There. All tidied up. You two go on and have a nice night out.'
'Let's get going,' said my wife. 'Call me if you need me, she instructed Rose.
My wife does not like me getting calls when we are together, so it is safer for me to leave my phone at home when we go out.
We had quite an excellent time out, and the meal was delicious. I am always nervous around my wife when she is kind to me, though. After we got home from the restaurant, my wife became all cold again, and, as usual, we went straight to bed and went to sleep in silence.
As soon as I was sure my wife was asleep, I started to think about Rose and her brazen display earlier in the evening. I was visualising seeing her bending over with her smooth, hairless pussy lips tantalisingly close to the head of my cock. I felt amazingly horny, and my nipples seemed to be on fire as I stroked my hard cock. My cum erupted all over my chest as I fought the desire to moan out loud. I rubbed my cum into my skin as I slowly dozed off to an erotic dreamful sleep.
The next morning, I woke up before my wife and I am usually off to work before she gets up. While I was parked in my van, I had a phone call from Rose. 'Hi Mr Peterson,' she said. 'Is this a good time to talk?'
'Hi Rose,' I replied. 'Yes. What can I do for you?'
'I took a video using your phone last night,' she announced. 'Take a look at it. I'm sure you will like it.' She added. She hung up abruptly.
Intrigued, I opened the video folder on my phone. There was only one video file: Roses.
Opening it, the video stared with Rose's face filling the frame. 'Hi Mr Peterson,' Rose said. 'I hope you won't be mad with me, but your son and I were running around, and we ended up in your room.'
'Your son spilt his orange drink all over your nightstand. I've cleaned up the mess, but I found this.'
I watched as Rose held up my wife's vibrator. 'I found your toy draw!' Rose rubbed the vibrator on her check. 'Your son is in bed asleep, and, as the vibrator was quite dusty, I've cleaned it up. It can't have been used for a long time,' she commented with a grin.
I watched as Rose poked her tongue out and began licking the head of the vibrator. 'The batteries were dead. Don't worry, I found a new set of batteries in the kitchen. Look, here, it works.' With that, I could hear the hum of the vibrator, and I could see the beads rotating.
I watched as Rose trailed the vibrator down her chin and neck, and then the image on the camera showed Rose topless with her short skirt hitched up. 'Do you like it that I seldom wear panties?' Rose asked suggestively. 'I know you like my smooth, shaved pussy.'
Rose used the vibrator on her tits. 'Watch what this does to my nipples.' Rose showed the tip of the vibrator touching her two, hard nipples. 'Mr Peterson. I know you like looking at my tits. She how firm they are. Look at my puffy areola.'
Oh my god. The neighbour's daughter was driving me mad with lust. I unzipped my trousers and pulled out my hardening cock.
'Mr Peterson. The boys at college are always asking me to suck their cocks. The thought of sucking those boys' cocks is gross.' I watched as Rose sucked on the vibrator head. 'Oops. I need to switch it off, or it will chip my teeth.'
'Mr Peterson. How am I doing? Will you show me how to suck a cock?' 'I've been practising using this vibrator, but I would rather practise on you.' Giving head is something my wife refuses to do, and here was Rose begging me to show her how to do it.
Rose switched the vibrator on again. The view changed as I watched as she started to rub the vibrator up and down her pussy. 'Mr Peterson. I've never been with a boy. I'm still a virgin.'
'I'm not going to put this vibrator in me as I want to feel what a real cock feels like, first.' Rose had the vibrator shaft rubbing back and forth on her clit.
'Mr Peterson. I've fantasised that you will be the first man to make love to me. I've seen you play with yourself when you sunbathe. And last week, I caught you playing with yourself as I sunbathed. Did you enjoy watching me?'
Rose must have set up my phone on the nightstand as the next view showed nearly all her body. She had pulled back the duvet and was lying on my side of the bed.
'Is your cock hard, Mr Peterson? Are you playing with yourself while you watch me,' Rose teased. 'I bet you are. You want to fuck me, don't you, Mr Peterson?'
She was right. I was stroking my cock while sitting in the cab of my van.
'I enjoyed watching you play with yourself last week. I think you have a beautiful hard cock. It's much bigger than the ones the boys in the dormitory have shown me. I can't stop thinking about you taking my virginity. It's driving me mad. Mr Peterson. You can come and fuck me any time you want. I know you would you like that.'
I was watching Rose writhe around on our bed as she teased the vibrator on her clit while rubbing her fingers in her slick pussy.
'I keep imagining what it would be like sucking you off and then I want you to be the first man to fuck me.'
I saw Rose arch her back, so I knew her orgasm was close. I could feel my cock swell and knew my orgasm was not far away either.
'Oh, Mr Peterson. I'm cumming. Oh fuck, I'm cumming,' she moaned.
My cock exploded as I watched Rose squirm about before me on the small screen of my phone.
'Oh, Mr Peterson. Look. I've squirted all over your bed. I'd love to squirt over your cock, though. I hope you enjoyed watching me.' With that, Rose blew me a kiss and ended the video.
I vaguely remembered feeling that damp patch on the bed last night when I rubbed my cum into my skin. This time my cum splattered on my trouser leg.
I was rubbing my trousers clean with tissue as my phone rang. It was from Rose. 'Did you like my present?'
'You're going to get me into trouble. You know that!'
'Mr Peterson. I know you and your wife fight all the time. Let me help you out. You think about fucking me all the time. Don't you?'
'I . . . um . . . that's not the point,' I stuttered inconclusively.
'I knew it. I want you to think about fucking me,' she said. 'We'll have to something about that. Won't we, Mr Peterson,' she said as she abruptly hung up.
I just stared at my phone as I thought about what I was getting myself into.
--------
Pleased rate this story with five stars if you enjoyed it. Be kind and leave feedback comments. I read all comments. Thanks!