5 o'clock came sooner than expected, as did Graham, who was having his home-time service from Alex as usual. The sudden stream of cum exploding from the 62-year-old after only a minute took her by surprise, landing all over her blouse.
"I'm so sorry Graham!" Alex cried, desperately trying to scrape as much possible into her mouth with her fingers, embarrassed that she had let his cum fall to waste and not taken it in one of her holes. This kind of behaviour was acceptable in raunchier places, but in polite company, it was absolutely scandalous. "I meant to take it in my mouth, I just was caught off guard."
"Don't worry about it Alex," Graham replied, zipping up his flies sheepishly.
"No, you can't let me get away with this Graham, you have to punish me," Alex cried.
"I really don't think-"
"No, I can't have this reputation," she insisted.
"Okay fine," he sighed, "bend over."
Alex bent over her desk and lifted her skirt to expose her peachy ass. Graham slapped her hard on her right cheek, and she winced. He spanked her again, even harder, causing her to whimper slightly. The third and final slap on her already sensitive buttock made her cry out in pain.
"Thank you Graham," Alex said gratefully, feeling sufficiently punished for her misbehaviour.
"No problem. See you tomorrow Alex," Graham replied, putting on his coat and heading towards the door.
"Bye Graham!" Alex replied, dabbing her blouse with a tissue to clean up some of the residual cum. She threw the tissue in the bin and closed down her computer, before straightening her skirt and standing up. She decided she couldn't face going out in public with cum on her blouse, so she removed it and put it in her handbag. Andy was staying late to get things sorted for his big project so she wasn't the last to leave for once.
"See you later Andy, don't stay too late," she called, putting on her coat and grabbing her purse. The tan overcoat barely covered her exposed breasts, and her hard nipples were at risk of exposure every time she moved. Of course, she didn't mind having her breasts out in public, however, she was quite tired after a long hard day in the office so she didn't want to have to stay on the bus for longer than she needed to, and anything that would encourage nearby men more than usual was bound to make her miss her stop.
"Don't worry, I won't," he chuckled, "see you tomorrow!"
Alex left the office and called the lift. It arrived a few seconds later, and she jumped in. It was quiet today, only Megan and Sean from upstairs were in there.
"Hi Alex," said Megan.
"Hi Megan, hi there Sean," she replied. Sean grunted in acknowledgement as he continued to thrust into Megan's asshole. She was suspended in mid-air, with her legs spread open, held up by Sean's strong arms which were wrapped around her, holding her back against his torso. Alex played with Megan's clit with her thumb and fingered her absent-mindedly whilst she spoke. "How was your client meeting?"
"Yeah pretty good, don't know why I was so stressed about it this morning," Megan replied, gasping from all the stimulation. The lift stopped at the 11th floor and couple more people joined them. Alex didn't recognise them but she smiled politely and moved out of the way. The doors closed and they continued down. One of the men stood next to her held her bare breast, squeezing it gently and fondling her nipple under her coat.
"I told you it was all in your head, you numpty," Alex teased.
"I know," Megan said, laughing, "I just get nervous about speaking in front of Damian."
"He is very intimidating," Alex agreed. Sean's balls started to slap against Megan's plump ass, filling the lift with the rhythm of his thrusting. The lift reached the ground floor and the doors opened.
"Yeah true, see you tomorrow Alex," said Megan.
"See you, bye Sean!" Alex called, heading out of the building towards the bus stop. It was cold outside, making her erect nipples sting slightly. There were a few other people already waiting at the stop so she stood at the end to form an informal queue. She checked the display to see that she had made the 5:15 bus so she only had to wait a few minutes.
The man next to her glanced at the screen and unzipped his trousers. He pulled out a semi, which he started to nurse with his hand. He smiled at Alex and she knelt down to help. She sucked on it gently, stroking her fingers along his shaft. He started to grow in her mouth, becoming harder and thicker. He caressed her bare breasts with one hand and held her head with the other, as he began to thrust into her mouth slowly.
Soon the bus arrived, the man stepped away to get on. Alex stood up and followed him, getting her bus pass out of her bag. The bus was filled with the usual moaning and slapping sounds, as men entertained themselves on their commute home. She showed her pass to the driver and looked for a seat.
A young man about her age was sat near the front, with a large bulge in his trousers. He caught her eye and beckoned for her to sit. As she walked over, he pulled out his erection. She lifted her skirt and lowered herself onto his cock, and started to bounce on it. He wrapped his arms around her waist and rubbed her clit with his middle finger. Grateful, she responded by riding him more sensually, squeezing on his rod with her pussy muscles as she lifted herself up. This made him moan with pleasure almost immediately.
As the bus started moving, the man from the bus stop came over to stand in front of Alex. She opened her mouth to welcome back his erection, which was looking very bare just stood to attention in the open air. He hid it in her throat, pressing her head into his crotch. Alex bobbed her head eagerly, filling her throat with his thick cock. The movements of the bus were making all this stimulation even more intense for Alex and she started to actually enjoy herself. The bus stopped a few times and some of the men getting on had a quick tease of Alex's nipples before settling into a woman of their own. As the bus filled up, Alex noticed a girl near the front who was being used by at least 4 men. She felt a twinge of envy, seeing her stuffed like that.
A few minutes later, the man behind her stopped thrusting for a second to reach over and press the button, indicating that he wanted to get off. Alex knew the next stop wasn't far off so braced herself for - "AH!" Alex moaned onto the other man's shaft as her pussy was absolutely ravaged from behind. As expected, he was going to be polite and finish in her before getting off. Alex pushed back, holding on to the man in front of her for support. She bounced hard on his dick, taking his full length in with each thrust. She could feel his balls slap against her, they were starting to tighten. The man pulled her down suddenly, forcing himself deep inside her as he came. His hot juices filled her pussy, mixing with the cum of the other men who had used her in past few hours.
The stranger let go of Alex's waist as the bus slowed. She stood up, making sure to keep the other man's cock in her mouth, and felt the thick rod slowly leave her dripping pussy. The man tucked his cock back into his trousers and picked up his bag. He stood up and headed to the door, which was just opening.
The man in front of Alex suddenly grabbed her arms and pulled her to standing. He bent his knees and angled himself up, pushing the tip of his hefty rod into Alex's pussy. She reached up and grabbed two handles on the ceiling for support. She could barely reach, which left her struggling on her tippy toes. The man put his arms around her back and took some of her weight, alleviating some of the strain in her arms. She wrapped her legs around him gratefully, as he started to fuck her more vigorously.
The empty chair behind her was filled by a man with an older woman sat politely on his dick. Neither of them seemed to be particularly aroused by this arrangement and were clearly only doing it out of politeness. It was very rude to sit in a busy public place such as this in a virgin stance; chairs were prioritised for penetration.
Alex felt another man's hands lifting her coat and fondling her ass. She could feel his cock against her asshole, pressing against her, stretching her open. She relaxed onto him and soon was enjoying the steady rhythm of two cocks in her two holes. This wasn't like the pounding she had received earlier from Jim and Andy, this was much more like what she was used to. She found it quite therapeutic, and her mind started to wander.
She was just deciding whether to have pasta or rice for tea when she noticed that her stop was coming up. From experience, she knew she had a couple of minutes left so she reckoned she might make it.
"Lads, my stops the one after the next, do you think you'll be done by then?" she asked. The man in her pussy grunted in a sort of "yes" sound and increased his pace substantially.
The man in her ass replied, "nah, I'll need a bit longer but that's my stop too so I can finish when we get off."
"Yeah that's good with me, thanks," she replied gratefully. She was very glad to be able to get off at the right stop, as she'd realised she was actually quite hungry. It might have been because she had been thinking about her dinner but she reckoned it was probably because her lunch break had been coincided with a conference lunch, and she had been gangbanged by eight men. She had too many cocks in her mouth to finish her salad so only managed about half. Her stomach rumbled at the thought of their lunch buffet.
The bus went straight past the next stop, meaning she had even less time until her next stop. But the man penetrating her pussy was almost reaching climax so she asked someone to press the button for her. He was pounding her like a wild animal, his face contorting as he did a few last thrusts, finishing deep within her. He lowered her legs back to the ground and pulled out. Alex admired the mix of fluids on his slick cock. He moved over to a teenager who was gently riding an older man and gently fondled her breast through her school uniform. She was clearly not wearing the minor collar, a small choker necklace which indicates the wearer is underage, so was old enough to be fair game. But she looked so young. She bounced on the man's cock absentmindedly whilst reading a book.
The bus started to slow and Alex reached down to grab her bag. The man pounding her asshole stopped, lifted her legs and took her whole weight. Once the bus stopped, he carried her out onto the pavement like that, with his dick still deep inside her. He lowered her onto the ground outside and continued to pummel her ass. He clearly had a while left so Alex pulled her phone out of her bag and browsed Instagram for a while, bracing herself against a wall to help her balance.
The man rhythmically pulsed against her: this was clearly nothing special for him, it was clearly just a habitual fuck. Alex's asshole was nice and relaxed from a long day at the office so she easily took his whole length inside her. She was admiring her friend's Instagram stories: Hannah had posted a really nice photo of her new night butt plug. Alex quickly googled the brand and added one to her wishlist - she hadn't been sleeping very well recently and reckoned it was because she had outgrown her old plug so she figured it was time for an upgrade. She went back to Instagram and continued to scroll through the endless pictures, not really paying them much attention. She was mostly just distracting herself from her hunger. A message popped up - it was from Jim! She tapped on it and read: "Hi Alex, was nice to see you earlier! Me and Sandra were planning to go to Lolly's later with a few mates and was wondering if wanted to come along." She was pleasantly surprised by the invitation - she couldn't remember the last time she had gone out for a drink with Jim!
She started thinking about the food at Lolly's and her stomach rumbled audibly. The man using her asshole clearly heard and spun Alex round so she was kneeling with her face right next to his erection. She opened her mouth as he vigorously pumped his cock over the edge. His load landed neatly in her waiting mouth and she swallowed gratefully.
"Thanks for that mate, you have no idea how hungry I am," she said as she licked her lips.
"No problem, I mean, I had some idea," the man replied chuckling to himself. He zipped up his trousers and walked off. Alex blushed and straightened up, setting off home.