If you've read any of my previous stories, those are mostly fantasy. This is my first mostly true story.
* * * * * * * * * *
Mark signed the credit card statement and asked Jenn if there was anything else they needed to do before heading home. He enjoyed his birthday steak dinner but was ready for the more important part of the evening - his birthday sex.
"God, please don't let her want to do any more shopping." It was a 30 minute drive home, and every minute they spent at a store was an extra minute before he got to take off her clothes.
"Nothing else I need to do. How`bout you?" she asked knowing what his answer would be.
"Nah, I'm good," he responded. "Rush hour traffic should be easing up, so I think we're OK to head to the house."
Mark opened her door and lusted after her round ass before she eased herself down into the car.
They were married just over a year ago and had an amazing 13 months learning what each other liked sexually. For Jenn's birthday 3 months earlier, they decided that the birthday celebrant got to decide the night's sexual agenda as part of their birthday present. Jenn had asked for a full body massage including feet, legs, back, and all special places. They learned quite a bit about touch, pleasure, teasing, and cumming during that long night. Now Mark was ready for his special present.
Jenn had been trying to ask for hints to see what he wanted but he kept it very secret, even through a steak dinner and a bottle of wine.
"Do I need to put on something sexy?" She asked during the drive home, still trying to get him to share what would happen when they got naked.
"No, I like what you're wearing now. I love the way your legs look in those shorts, and all I could think about through dinner was taking them off of you. Just change that top for the peach camisole I like," he answered.
She agreed but still had no idea what was about to happen. She was pretty sure, though, it would be something she had never done before.
Jenn had grown up in a strict home, and "good girls don't have premarital sex," and "you'll go to hell if you let a boy touch you" were always a part of her life. In her teens she learned that most of her friends had sex and none of them were cast into the pits of hell once they learned the joys of orgasm. But she still managed to graduate high school as a rare virgin. In her early twenties she finally met a guy who talked her out of her panties and her virginity, but when she met Mark in a college night class three years later, she was one of the most inexperienced 25-year-olds in Dallas.
Mark grew up in a more open home and lost his virginity before graduating high school. He had long-term girlfriends who were comfortable with the physical aspects of relationships and during 5+ years of college enjoyed that part of the college experience. He met Jenn taking additional college classes after he graduated and knew the first day of class he had to ask her out.
He sat near her in class, chatted nightly, did her homework, walked her to her car, called her at home for help on that night's lectures, but never could get the courage to ask her out. He'd never had any trouble talking to girls, but for some reason he was nervous around her. He did finally ask her out on the last night of class, but not until he walked her to her car, sprouted chicken wings, slunk home like a coward, and had a couple of courage-inducing drinks. He finally worked up the courage to call her, and she accepted.
The first year of dating they had incredible sex, but Jenn stuck to her "no premarital intercourse" lifestyle. Mark tried often, but this was a major difference they couldn't overcome. She decided it was best they go their separate ways.
A year after they broke up, they bumped into each other again - they were both taking college night classes at a different college so they wouldn't risk seeing each other where they originally met. Mark convinced her it was fate, and they decided to try to be together again. This time was different - Jenn couldn't wait to get naked with him, she spent the night often, and she was always willing to have sex. Since this had been the only hiccup in their relationship the first time around, they decided they wanted to get married.
Now 13 months later their sex life was very satisfying, but there were still new things Mark wanted them to experience. As they pulled in to the driveway of the rent house they lived in while she finished college, Mark was ready to teach her one of those things.
"I'll open a bottle of wine while you slip in to that camisole," he said as he unlocked the door.
"So these shorts, the peach camisole..." she was asking.
"No shoes," he added. "And meet me in the office."
When they went in, she went left to their bedroom while he went right to the "office". It was actually the extra bedroom with a desk, an oversized chair, and most importantly, a closet door with floor-to-ceiling mirrors. He made sure the room was in decent shape, pulled the chair in front of the closet door, and then went to the kitchen to find a bottle of wine. He had enough time to pop the cork and pour 2 glasses before she met him in the office dressed exactly as requested.
Mark smiled when she came in. Jenn was 5' 8" tall and had long legs toned from years of drill team practice. She had long, blonde hair that hung seductively over her left shoulder, and full, soft lips that could make him hard with just a kiss. The camisole clung to her 36C breasts, and as hoped, she took off her bra before putting it on. Her top didn't quite reach the top of her shorts, so a teasing glimpse of her stomach was visible between them. Her small waist tapered into full womanly hips. Her haunting eyes could at times say, 'fuck me right now' but at other times warn 'you really screwed up'. Tonight it was the former, and he knew it would be an amazing, hedonistic adventure.
"My god, you're gorgeous!" he said as he handed her the glass of wine.
She smiled and thanked him before taking the first of many sips.
"So what's tonight's agenda," she asked and then took a second, longer sip.
Instead of answering her, Mark bent down to kiss her, and when he tasted the faintest hint of wine on her lips he forced his tongue in her mouth looking for more. She wrapped her arms around his neck and eagerly returned the kiss, swirling her tongue with his. Mark sat his wine glass on the desk so he had both hands free to explore her body. He grabbed the small of her back, then moved his hands down to her ass where he could caress her cheeks while pulling her hard against his already aroused dick. He felt her push against it silently promising hotter pleasure in a few minutes. Then his hands raced upward, inside the flimsy top to where a bra would be if she were wearing one.
Jenn kissed him harder, sucked his tongue, bit his lip - all the things she had learned to do to make his lust for her more intense. She pressed her firm tits against his chest while grinding her pelvis against his.
Mark spun her around and rubbed his aching erection against her denim-covered butt while running his hands up her stomach, into the camisole, until each one cupped one-half of the most amazing tits he had ever seen. When he squeezed her nipples between his thumb and forefinger she loudly moaned while grabbing the hem of the shirt so she could take it off.
"Not yet - I'm not ready," he said stopping her from undressing. "Just undo your shorts," he commanded.
She undid the 4 buttons, but as directed didn't try to take off her shorts. In the time she undid the buttons, Mark took off his own shorts, the short-sleeve button down shirt, and his t-shirt. He grabbed her by the hand and lead her to the chair facing the closet door. But instead of sitting in the chair, he sat on the floor leaning against the chair. Still holding Jenn's hand, he pulled her down to the floor as well and helped her sit facing the mirror as well and leaning against him. Mark's special night had started.
"I want you to watch this beautiful woman," he whispered in her ear as he looked into her eyes in the reflection of the mirror while nibbling on her ear lobe.
"She is the sexiest, most beautiful woman I have ever seen, and she deserves to feel as sexy and beautiful as she looks.
He then methodically explored her body while making sure she never took her eyes off their reflection. He went inside her camisole and cupped her breast but never fondled the nipple the way she liked. After doing the same to her other boob he went down her stomach, inside her shorts, and then inside her panties. When his hand touched pubic hair she instinctively spread her legs in anticipation of the pleasure she would feel when he finally reached her pussy. But instead of giving her what she wanted he moved back up to her stomach.
"But I want it..." she whimpered as she grasped his hand and tried to push it down between her legs. But he was more determined, and his hands got farther away from the promise of pleasure she was expecting.
"Please..." she pleaded to no avail.
Mark continued to tease her with short, incomplete trips inside her panties, each time getting a little closer to her desire, but each time withdrawing as she opened up for him. He finally ran his right hand under Jenn's right hand so that hers was on top of his, following his every move. He did the same with their lefts then used all of their hands to follow the same path that he had done alone minutes earlier. He started caressing her stomach, then up her chest under the camisole until all 4 hands cupped her luscious boobs. He then guided her hands and again went down her stomach, inside her shorts, and inside her panties. And like the first time when he felt the soft, downy curls of the hair between her legs, he reversed course and went back up her stomach.
Jenn moaned, "I need it..." and tried to push his hands back down to where it would feel so amazing, but Mark didn't give in.
Instead, he then moved his hands over her hands and guided them across her gorgeous curves. At first he made her caress her own beautiful boobs while watching the image in the mirror. She was a bit hesitant, but after some coaxing she finally gave in.
"Watch her make herself feel good," he whispered in her ear, unable to take his eyes off the image in the mirror. She opened her eyes, saw him staring at her with intense lust, and then watched their combined hands moving under the flimsy camisole, stimulating her breasts. Then she saw her face in the mirror and was mildly surprised at how hungry and sexy she appeared.
"Pinch your nipples," he commanded.
She did as she was told, and as the pleasure intensified she softly moaned.
Jenn had the most sensitive boobs Mark had ever experienced. They often joked that there was a nerve directly from her nipples to her pussy, and though they had tried often, he had never been able to make her cum by stimulating only them. Still, as soon as she pinched her nipples she felt it between her legs and involuntarily rocked her hips searching for something to satisfy that as well.
Mark had done this same thing to her so many times during their years together that he knew exactly what stimulus elicited what response. He knew as soon as he pinched or nibbled on her nipples, she would start to get wet and want something between her legs as well. He was fairly sure her own touch would bring the same response, but he wasn't positive. Jenn was the rare woman in her late twenties that had never masturbated. His sexual birthday present this year was to teach her how amazing solo sex could be.
Mark learned very early the pleasure of his own hand. He didn't know it was sexual or taboo until later in life, but he knew very early on it was extremely pleasurable. At some point in school, he learned the formal term, 'masturbation', and many of the various slang phrases used to describe it. Even later he learned that girls had their own version as well, but in the pre-internet days he had no idea how that worked. He finally had a girlfriend who was experienced in the arts of self-pleasure, and she showed him how they did it. Once she laid there naked, legs spread, and showed him how she could make herself orgasm, he realized watching, or hearing, or even just knowing, they were pleasuring themselves was his new favorite fetish. And when she did it again, and he learned she and most women could cum over and over, he was addicted.
During their time dating Mark tried often to get Jenn to let him watch her masturbate, but he eventually learned she had never attempted to do so. Her mom used guilt the way a ninja used a sword, and the many women in her extended family shared everything, including 'good girls don't do that'. As a result, Jenn didn't have her first orgasm until she was well into her twenties - the first time a guy went down on her.
Luckily, she was a fast and willing learner. Mark loved crawling between her long, shapely legs, tasting every part of her body. It didn't take long for her to have her first orgasm with him. Years of going without had made her insatiable, and she quickly found out that his finger and dick could make her cum as well. The more she came, the more she wanted to cum - but for now Mark was responsible for all of her orgasms.
As soon as he felt her rock her hips, Mark knew his next step. He kept her left hand stimulating her nipple but guided her right hand down her stomach and into her previously opened shorts. As soon as their combined hands reached the waist band of her panties, Jenn stopped. Mark had anticipated this and kept going inside her panties. Like so many times before she spread her legs to give him access, and he fought past the tightness of her shorts, through her neatly-trimmed pubic hair until he felt her clitoris. When he put pressure on it she grasped loudly, and the rocking of her hips was much more strenuous. Instinctively, she took both hands, grabbed Marks legs as she sat between them, and put all of her energy into maximizing the pleasure between her legs. But that left only Mark giving her this pleasure.
So he stopped.
Jenn had never had Mark stop pleasuring her before so was very shocked.
"God, don't stop - it was feeling sooooo good!" she panted.
"I know - I could tell you were getting into it," he responded. "But it's my birthday, so my birthday sex."
"Yeah, and we were having birthday sex," she replied, a little unsure of what was going on.
"Yeah, I guess you could say that," he calmly said. "But it looked to me like I was giving you sex, and you were enjoying it. I was, too, but I want something a little different tonight."
He'd gone through this discussion in his head over and over the past few days, so he was prepared for any path she might go down. He didn't want the conversation to drag out too long, though. She was looking very sexy in the mirror in front of them, and if she got up they may have to start all over again.
"How different?" she asked.
Mark pulled her back to where she was again leaning against him. He took her left hand into his, went inside the camisole, and again cupped her boob. He took her right hand into his and again went between her legs, but this time on the outside of her shorts. He put extra pressure on her pussy knowing their combined hands had to get through the layers of denim to have the desired effect.
"I don't want to do this," she whimpered as she tried to pull her hand free of his grip. He held tight and continued to massage between her legs. It must have been working because even though she was trying to resist, she was beginning to rock her hips again.
"Why," he asked.
She started to respond with the same answers she'd given him in the past, but she knew those hadn't convinced him then, either. Instead, she quietly concentrated on the pleasure she was feeling and knew it would be even better if she could get rid of the shorts. So she begrudgingly continued to rub, with his guidance, and with the occasional attempt to pull her hand out.
"No one's ever gone blind from doing this, or turned into a monster," he whispered trying to reassure her. "Most people masturbate. The women I've known who do it, do it often, and they LOVE how it feels. And if you'll finish this, I promise I will make you scream plenty more later on tonight. "
Jenn would love it if he would ask her so strip and lay on her back so he could make her scream like she wanted to scream, but she was pretty sure that wouldn't happen until he got his wish. And the sooner he got his wish, the sooner she would get to feel his hard dick inside her. So she decided to relax and see what happened.
Mark noticed she wasn't trying to pull her hand away anymore, so this was the first small victory.
"Take your shorts off but keep the panties on. But I want you to watch in the mirror while you do it."
He gave her the next command of the night, and she did what she was told. She thought she would have to remind herself to watch, but she found out that watching was very sexy and enjoyable. She grabbed the shorts, one hand above each hip, and wiggled them down her her legs, past her knees, calves, and the red-painted nails on her feet. She had undressed like this many times but had never once watched. Her eyes followed the curves of her legs but were also excited by the look of desire on Mark's face as he watched her. She felt it inside her pussy and desperately needed satisfaction.
Once her shorts were gone she leaned back against her husband who took her hand and guided it between her legs. When she opened her legs so she could reach further between them she noticed a small wet spot on her panties. She was slightly embarrassed but very aroused as she rubbed her pussy over the silky material.
As Jenn watched every movement she made she thought to herself, 'this does feel good...'. She wanted to close her eyes and imagine Mark's tongue deep inside her while she did it, but watching herself in the mirror was just as pleasurable.
Mark could tell by the movement of her hips and the look of pleasure on her face that she was starting to enjoy her own touch.
"Are you wet?" he whispered in her ear while gently biting it.
"I think I am," she whispered back.
"No, I need to know for sure," he replied. "Put your finger inside your pussy and let me know for sure."
Mark watched their image and saw the movement of her hand in her panties, reach deeper between her legs. When she gasped in pleasure he knew she was inside.
"Yes, I'm wet," she panted as she quickened the movement. "I'm really wet..."
As she said 'really wet' she started panting. Mark knew what that meant, but he wasn't ready yet.
"Let me taste it," he told her.
Mark had gone down on her many, many times in their time together and often tasted her juices off his own fingers as she watched. She was not shocked at his request, but there was an immediate emptiness when she removed her finger from her soon-to-be satisfied pussy. But she did as she was told and let him lick the juice off her middle finger.
"Now put two fingers in" he told her. As she did, he took her face in his hands and put his lips to hers. His tongue still tasted of her pussy when he forced it into her mouth. Jenn tasted herself as he forcefully kissed her, and also as she put two fingers inside her pussy for the first time. The temporary emptiness was gone and the two fingers felt even more amazing.
Mark could feel her body stiffen as she started to orgasm. He wanted to keep kissing her while she came, but he wanted her to see herself cum even more. He teasingly sucked on her tongue one last time before releasing it so he could talk.
"Watch yourself cum," he told her. "See how gorgeous you are when you orgasm."
She saw him lustfully staring at their image in the mirror as she felt the orgasm start deep inside her. It was hard to keep her eyes open as her body started to spasm from the waves of orgasm, but Mark was right - it was too sexy not to watch. She reached as far inside her pussy as she could, and as the waves of orgasm raced to all parts of her body she became so sensitive that she had to stop. Instead of furiously fingering herself, she held the two fingers all the way inside and enjoyed the fullness while she finished cumming.
When she was finally finished, she collapsed to the ground. She found a pillow and pulled Mark down beside her. She was exhausted but excitedly fulfilled.
"Oh my god that felt amazing," she panted, trying to recover from her first-ever self-induced orgasm.
"I thought you'd like it," he replied as he started to caress her.
"I can't believe I missed out on that all these years," she gleefully told Mark as she laid her head on his shoulder. "I had an idea some of my friends did it, but no one ever told me how good it felt. Probably a good thing - If I'd known, I'd have done it all the time and probably gotten caught."
"So are you ravished in guilt right now?" he teasingly asked. "Do you see the fires of hell about to consume you?"
"Ha, ha, smart ass!" she playfully said as she noticed the unsatisfied bulge in his boxers. She reached inside them and took his erection into her hand. She gently caressed it while thinking about her new activity.
"Was it sexy to watch?" he asked
"Yeah, I'm amazed at how sexy it looked. I know now why some people have mirrors on their ceilings." She thought for a moment, then asked "So how often do you do it?" she was still playing with his dick.
"Are you sure you want to know?" He asked.
"Yeah, if you aren't too embarrassed to tell me."
"I'm not embarrassed. I don't mind," he replied.
"I'm pretty much down to once a day now," he added very casually.
"EVERY DAY?" she asked very excitedly.
"Yeah, most days," he responded. He was much calmer than she was. "Unless..."
"Wow, I would have thought a couple of times per week," she added. "...and unless what?"
"Sometimes you walk through the house naked, and that's an extra time. Sometimes it's something as simple as a touch, or a smile, or a kiss - it doesn't take much from you to get me excited. Some days I don't do it, but that doesn't happen very often". She was as impressed as he was casual.
She didn't add anything else to the topic, but there was one more thing he wanted to include.
"When we were dating, three-times-per-day was common." he added
"You can cum that many times?" she asked
"Well..." he said. "You can when you're young and have a hot girlfriend!"
"When did you find time?" she asked
"Well, I would wake up thinking of fucking you the night before, so I would get hard and have to jack off. Then later in the day, it would be time to get ready. In the shower I would be thinking of fucking you that night and would get hard..."
He paused but she finished his thought. "And have to jack off?"
"Yeah, of course," he replied. "And, I could go a lot longer when we were fucking if it hadn't been too long since I last came. It was practical as well."
"OK, so that's twice," she responded.
"Then we would fuck, so that's three... and after I dropped you off at home I couldn't stop thinking of your body and how you felt, and how gorgeous you are, so had to do it again so I could go to sleep. So four... Unless sometimes we fucked more than once."
"Well that's impressive - and amazing" she replied with a very seductive smile. "But I guess it isn't as much now? I've heard that once you turn 30 you can't do it as often."
"I'm doing just fine," he said taking in the full length of her barely clothed body. "And when I have this for motivation, I won't have any problems any time soon..."
He rubbed her legs, stomach, arms - all the beautiful, non-sexual parts of her incredible body.
"So what are we going to do about this?" Jenn asked as she again started stroking his dick. It hadn't gotten even the tiniest bit soft as they talked.
"There are still two more parts to my birthday sex," he told her. "The first time I told you what to do. Now I just want to sit back and watch while you do it yourself. But after you take off the rest of your clothes."
This time Jenn didn't object. Mark used the pillows to build a pallet where she could comfortably lay back and play with herself but still watch in the mirror. She finished the glass of wine, took of the camisole and laid it on the desk, then sat down on the palette Mark made her. She made sure she could see her large, firm boobs and pink nipples in the mirror then slid her panties down her long legs. She threw them on the ground, but Mark retrieved them before sitting down near her. He didn't have to look in the mirror this time so sat where he could watch the show she was giving him but not block her view of the mirror. He took off his boxers and leaned against the wall. Before she started, he held her panties to his face and breathed in the aroma of her pussy.
She had never seen him do this before, but after tasting herself on his mouth earlier that evening she imagined it had to be hot. Jenn cupped her boobs and squeezed them the way Mark often did in the early parts of their love-making sessions. She had touched them many times, but always in a clinical way with no thought or desire of pleasure. But for the first time ever she wanted to enjoy her own touch the way she enjoyed his. She noticed their weight and firmness, and even their size and how far they stood up from her chest. But mostly she noticed how she felt it deep inside her pussy when she rolled her nipples between her thumb and fingers. And she also noticed as soon as she felt that itch she had to explore it and see how she could satisfy it. So one hand found its way down her stomach, through the short-trimmed pubic hair and to that most desirable place between her legs. And immediately on touching it she whimpered with delight at the massive pleasure she felt.
From the time Mark first unsnapped that denim skirt and removed her panties for the first time he had lusted to see Jenn with her hand between her gorgeous legs probing for her own satisfaction. With this fantasy finally fulfilled, he was shocked that it was much sexier than he ever fantasized. Now he was ready to join her. He had already shared that he often masturbated why fantasizing about her, he now wanted to do the same while looking at the real thing. He took his throbbing erection into his right hand and very slowly pumped it up and down. He was so aroused from watching her touch herself for the past hour that he knew he could cum whenever he wanted to.
"You are so sexy," he whispered to her as she worked between her legs. "This is a major fantasy come true."
She smiled her Naughty Jenn smile but never slowed the motion of either hand. She would watch her reflection for a time, then look at her real body, and then watch Mark.
"I want you to tell me when you're going to cum so I can cum with you," he added.
She shook her head in agreement but continued the self-stimulation. She would play with her clit, then slide past it until her finger was inside her incredibly wet pussy. She loved the feeling of both even though they were very different, but when she would look at Mark it was easy to tell it made him hotter when she had her finger inside.
"Are you going to be able to fuck me after you make yourself cum?" she asked, watching his hand slowing pumping his cock. "I've done everything you wanted, and it's been amazing, but I need you inside me, too."
"Yeah, I want to fuck, too. Don't worry, I'll be ready. Your beautiful lips always get the job done."
He closed his eyes and imagined her full, red lips taking his erection inside her mouth. He was so close to cumming that the visual nearly finished the job. He had to slow the stroking so he could cum with her. He opened his eyes again and and fixated on the middle finger of her left hand probing her wetness. Her engagement and wedding rings next to the probing finger were a new, exciting visual stimulant. She saw his gaze hungrily watching her finger inside her wetness, and she probed a little deeper. She briefly touched her G-spot, and every nerve in her body tingled.
"Mark, I'm going to make myself cum. This feels so fucking good I'm going to cum again. I'm going to cum so hard from fingering my own pussy..."
Mark was ready to cum. He watched her body stiffen, then tremble, and as she moaned in rapturous pleasure he knew she was cumming. He stroked harder and faster, and he took one last smell of her panties without taking his eyes off the glorious site of her hips pulsing to her own touch.
"I'm going to cum, too. You're going to make me shoot my load..."
But before he could finish the sentence he felt the tingling in his erection and put her panties over the head of his dick.
The first pulse of ejaculate shot into the silky material causing a large, dark, wet spot. He moaned loudly as additional streams of cum followed, adding to the wet spot. He slowed his stroking as the final drops coated Jenn's panties and his all-night erection was finally relieved.
"I've never seen you do that before," Jenn cooed as she reached up to Mark and pulled him down beside her.
"It's very sexy," she added.
Jenn reached between Mark's legs and wrapped her hand around the wet panties covering his dick. For the first time tonight he was not hard. She wanted to feel him inside her but knew it would take a little time and some of her help. After seeing him watch her every move while she had her first-ever self-induced orgasm, she felt a new closeness that was intriguing and erotic.
"So did you enjoy your first time masturbating?"
"Yeah, I can't believe I never tried this before," she casually responded as she used her cum-covered panties to clean the remaining drops off him.
"So do you think you'll try it again some day?" he asked watching her every move.
She cut her eyes up to see his reaction. "Yeah, I need lots of practice, so probably as soon as you fall asleep!" She took him in her mouth enjoying the lingering taste of his cum, and as she licked off the last remnants she could feel him getting hard in her mouth.