I'd been planning to play another game with Rachel while she was working, so I texted her.
"Where are you?
"Getting ready for work, why?"
"Do you have time to call in here on your way?"
"Sure"
She showed up about twenty minutes later, dressed as a cheerleader in a short skirt and a sweater.
"What's this?" I asked.
"We're doing a special for the football season, and the guys are wearing football uniforms. This is what I got."
"That's just perfect," I told her.
I gave her a Sharpie.
"I was thinking you could get somebody to slap your tits red, then sign one. Send me a picture."
She seemed a little nervous, but said she'd probably play along.
I settled down to watch some TV while waiting to hear from her.
About an hour later, I got a picture of her tits - she was completely topless, and they were covered in red hand prints, and the left one had a thick, black scrawl across it.
I waited for the phone call. It didn't take long.
"So, what happened?" I said.
"There was this cute guy, and he asked me about my costume, and I said we were playing a game, then I asked him if he'd help me with it. He said sure, and I told him I wanted him to slap my tits, then sign one. He wasn't sure, so I pulled up my sweater and bra, and slapped one of my tits to start him off. He seemed unsure, but I managed to coax him into it by taking my top off, on his doorstep where anybody could have seen me. He really got into it, and now my panties are wet just thinking about it. I got him to take the picture."
"Great," I said. "Lose the bra, and get your right tit signed too."
"We'll see," she said, and hung up to concentrate on driving back to the shop.
About another hour later, I got a picture of her with her sweater pulled up, red hand prints all over her tits and both of them signed - the right one twice. Interestingly, I didn't get a call this time, just a text.
"Busy, old guy wants pizza"
I assumed this was her regular old guy - she'd already sucked his dick.
"Spanked butt, signed"
I didn't get a response to that, but about forty minutes later, I got two pictures, one of each butt cheek, red with hand prints, and both with different signatures.
The phone rang.
"So I just a have a few minutes on my way back. I was on the phone earlier, so I couldn't tell you what happened. Anyway, I roll up to this house and there are two guys there. They like the costume a lot, so I ask them to slap my tits and sign them. They seem happy to do it, and I didn't even have to take my sweater off, just pull it up. They loved that I'd already got one signed, and slapped my tits until I stopped them, taking turns, then they both signed the right one and took a picture. The boss called while I was sending it to you, so I just picked up the pizza and went to the old guy. He really liked the costume, and asked me if I was playing a game again. I said yes, and showed him my tits. I asked him if he'd do my butt, and he said yes, he'd love to. So I ended up over his lap with my panties down, and he spanked me like the bad little girl that I am. Then he signed my butt and I got him to take a picture. He said it's getting late, and did I need to get the other cheek signed, and I said I didn't know yet, but probably, so he said he could get his neighbor over to help. I said sure, so he called her on the phone and the neighbor came over and I bent over her lap too. After she spanked my butt red, she signed it and I put my panties on and told him I owed him one, gave him a little kiss, then headed out. I'll be back at the shop in a few minutes, then I'm done for the evening. I was going to come over so you can see the signatures."
"Well," I said, "that's all very well, but don't you owe the old guy? You should stop there on the way here and settle with him, don't you think?"
"Jeez, do I have to?"
"I'm sure you'll be fine, and it'll be nice to be out of his debt," I said.
"OK," she said, "I don't know what I'm going to do, so I don't know how long I'll be."
I settled in to wait.
About an hour later, there was a knock at the door. I let her in, and she went through to the living room and dropped her bra on the sofa.
"First of all, let me show you the signatures," she said, and took off her sweater, so I could see her tits with three big black scrawls on them, then took off her skirt and panties, turning around to show the scrawls on her butt.
"Very nice," I said.
"Let me clean my teeth," she said, and went into the bathroom and used her toothbrush.
"Now I want you inside me while I tell you about my day," she said as she came out.
"OK," I said, and started to get undressed.
"In bed," she said.
We went through to the bedroom and she took off her shoes and socks. I got undressed, and laid down, and she came and straddled me. She was running her pussy along my dick as she started talking.
"So I got my tits slapped twice, and was really turned on, then went and got my butt spanked twice and was even more turned on. Then you told me to go and see the old guy, and I was getting even more turned on, so I probably wasn't thinking straight."
She put my dick inside her, and continued grinding herself on me.
"I went and knocked on his door, and he wasn't expecting to see me again so soon. He invited me in, and asked me what I needed, so he assumed I was still playing a game. I told him that no, I didn't need anything, I just didn't like owing him for helping me out earlier, so I was there to make it up to him. He asked me what I meant, and I said well, what did he want? I said I didn't want him to cum on my tits again, because I hadn't shown you the signatures yet, so I didn't want them getting smudged or washed off."
"Oh," I interrupted, "they won't - that's a permanent marker. They'll be there for days."
"You butthead!"
"I thought you knew," I said. "It says so right on the pen."
"Damn, I'm going to have to be careful to make sure nobody sees them."
"If they do, you should show them all of the signatures, and tell them the story of how you got them."
"Oh god," she said, and sped up her grinding on me.
"Anyway, I said I'd give him a hand job if he'd like, and he said that would be marvelous. I remember that, marvelous - nobody ever says that any more. So we went through to his bedroom, and he got undressed and sat on the bed, then he undressed me, even my shoes and socks. He laid down, and I stood next to the bed and started playing with his dick, and it was already hard. He's lying there with his eyes closed, and he's feeling my butt with one hand. Well, I sucked his dick a little, to get it as hard as it'll go, and get it wet, then I started jacking him off. I'm stroking his balls with my other hand, and jacking away, but my wrist started to ache a little, and it doesn't seem to be doing it for him. I end up bending over and sucking his dick for a bit, and he starts stroking my tits and tweaking my nipples with his other hand. I was originally aiming to just get him further along, but I liked what he was doing so I kept sucking until he cums in my mouth..."
At this point she started cumming herself, and went quiet while she rode it out.
"So he cums in my mouth, and I just swallowed it down, without really thinking. He thanked me a lot, and we got dressed. He offered to give me money, and I told him it wasn't like that, but I didn't want this to get out of hand or anything, he's just helping me with the occasional game I play, then I left and came over here."
I stroked her tits while she lifted herself up and down, and then all of a sudden she said "oh, I have more pictures on my phone, let me get it."
She pulled off me and went and got her phone. She found the first picture of her this evening, and handed the phone to me, then settled down to suck me off as I looked through them.
After I'd cum, she swallowed and asked me to sign her pussy.
"I'd have to slap it red," I said.
She nodded.
"And take a picture."
She nodded again and went and got the pen.
She laid down with her legs wide apart, and told me to slap her. I did. She seemed to enjoy it, so I did it again. And again. She was really getting in to it, so I kept going until she came again.
I picked up the pen and signed her pussy, then took pictures with her phone.
"Now if anybody asks about the signatures, you'll show them your pussy, and tell them this story, too," I said.
She bit her lip and nodded.