All day I thought about the previous night and how far Jolene was willing to go at the bar. She seemed to be as excited by it as I was. The sex afterwards was fantastic, including this morning when she woke me with a blow-job.
When I questioned her about what happened at the bar she didn't seem to want to talk about it. Even when I pushed she only gave short, sometimes one word answers. So I used her pass-phrase to put her under and interrogated her. This is more difficult than it sounds since not all of the conscious mind is available in this state.
Still I was able to eventually discover that she was intensely sexually excited by the events at the bar and thoroughly enjoyed the sex we had after. In fact, she was looking forward to the next time. The problem, of course, was that she felt ashamed of her actions and guilty that she enjoyed it. This conflict was causing her avoidance behavior.
The source of these feelings was primarily the sexual assault when she was 14. Because of her upbringing she was not able to cope with the experience and deal with the resultant feelings.
I decided to try something out of nature's play book. Sometimes when a person has experienced something painful they either forget about it or remember it as if it had happened to someone else. Repressed memories had a way of resurfacing and causing more problems, so I discarded that option. Memory transference, though, could work. If I could convince Jolene that the assault when she was 14 actually happened to someone else, and she was just remembering the account of it, it may lessen the emotional impact enough to allow her to deal with the feelings in a more rational manner. Eventually she would come to understand that it had happened to her, but by then, hopefully, she will have dealt with it well enough that it will no longer have power over her.
I also increased her arousal to exhibitionism and her comfort at being naked. Compared to all the other changes it seemed like a small thing to increase her interest in looking at other men and the desire to flirt with them. That should make our next night out more interesting.
As always I made sure that any changes I made were small and specific. I didn't want unintended outcomes due to sloppy language on my part. The human mind is incredibly complex and very flexible so I had to be careful.
My last suggestion was that she had taken a refreshing nap and was now feeling revitalized and ready to do some yard work. The back yard DID need some work, and I wanted to have some more fun exhibiting my wife - this time to the neighbors.
"My, that was a nice nap." She said upon waking. "But I think it's time we got some things done in that back yard."
"Sure." I replied. "But it's pretty hot out, so we better dress lightly."
We went upstairs to get dressed and Jolene automatically pulled out a halter top and shorts. In the past it would have been a t-shirt, so the halter was an improvement, but I had other ideas. I took out the small yellow bikini that we had recently purchased and offered it up as an alternative.
"I don't know, that's pretty skimpy." She responded.
"Oh come on. I'm dying to see you wear it." I countered.
"Yeah, and who else?" She asked playfully. This was going well.
"Maybe nobody. Maybe a few neighbors."
"Like maybe the guy next door that keeps telling you how sexy his wife looks." She teased.
"Maybe."
"OK, OK. You are just incorrigible." She laughed. "You know that don't you?"
"That's one of the reasons you love me." I answered as I pulled on a tank top. "I'll see you out there."
I left my wife to put on the bikini, a little happy, but surprised that she gave in so easily. In fact, not only was she not resistant to wearing it, she seemed to be in favor of it. The hypnosis was working better than I could have hoped.
When I got out to the yard I started working on pulling some weeds in the landscaping. No matter what was done with the cover, be it crushed granite or wood chips over plastic, some weeds always found a way to grow. After a few minutes I heard the door open and I looked up to see my wife come through the door. "Holy Shit!" I thought. "She looks fucking hot in that bikini." It looked less substantial on her than I thought it would and really showed off all the hard work she had been doing at the gym. It certainly did not leave much to the imagination. I was hard instantly.
"All right, pull your chin off the ground and get back to work." She admonished, chuckling. The change in her demeanor was nothing short of astonishing. Before today Jolene would never have come outside wearing so little and acting so nonchalant about it.
We worked for about an hour, with me watching her as much as I could get away with. A couple of times she caught me and scolded me to get back to work, but I could tell by her tone of voice that she enjoyed being watched.
"Hey Pete, what's up, getting some..." I turned around to see my neighbor Mac (short for MacPherson) looking over the fence between our properties. He had stopped in mid sentence and was staring at Jolene.
"Yes?" I said, interrupting his leer.
"Um, getting some, ah, yard work done?" He managed to get out.
"Yeah, it's a nice day for it." I answered and looked over at my wife. "Looks good now, don't you think?"
"Uh, what?"
"The yard. It looks good now, don't you think?" I played as if I didn't notice him ogling my wife.
"Yeah, sure, it looks great." He answered, looking down and around; anywhere but where Jolene stood trimming a bush. I enjoyed his nervousness and furtive glances at Jolene as we chit chatted about yard work, landscaping, etc.
Finally, in the middle of the conversation I decided to drop a bomb. "So, what do you think of my wife's new bikini?"
"Um, well, you see, um...what the hell do you want me to say?" Was his flustered response.
"Just tell me the truth."
"Shit, it's fucking hot. But how did you get her to come outside and parade around in it? I could never get Gwen to do that. Not in something that revealing." He answered in a rush.
"I didn't have to do anything." I lied. "She's been working out and wanted to show off the results." He was staring at her again. "If you take a picture it'll last longer."
"What?"
"Go ahead, take a picture or two." I encouraged him.
"Just a second." He called over his shoulder as he ran back into his house. He returned about 30 seconds later with a decent digital camera in his hand.
He pointed the lens at Jolene who was till trimming the bush across the yard and showed no sign she was aware of what was going on. "Are you sure?" He asked, hesitant.
"Go ahead." I responded, waving my hand in my wife's direction. He snapped off a few shots and then showed me the results on the LCD screen on the back of the camera.
"Not bad, but your zoom is not high enough. She doesn't even fill the frame." I said.
"You take what you can get." Was his response.
"Not today." I said and turned toward Jolene, raising my voice. "Honey, would you please come over here."
My wife turned around, looked at us, smiled devilishly and started walking our way. When she got within arms reach I said "Pose for Mac, he wants to get some pictures of you in your new bikini."
She looked at me, then at Mac. "What's the magic word?" She asked.
Mac looked puzzled at first, but then he got it. "Please!"
"That's it." Jolene chuckled. Then she posed for a couple of tame shots which Mac quickly took, obviously not sure when his luck would run out. Jolene surprised me next by striking a few slightly more provocative poses; nothing by modern magazine standards, but not completely casual either.
Mac ate it up and snapped pictures as fast as the camera could store them on the memory card. I just watched as Jolene's poses became more suggestive. The final shot, as it turned out, had her back three quarters to the camera, bent over at the waist, legs straight and kind of looking over her shoulder. Now THAT looked like it could be in Maxim or Playboy.
"OK, I think that's enough for now. I have to get back to work." She said as she walked back across the yard. Mac and I looked at each other, probably wondering the same thing: what did she mean by "for now"?
"What's gotten into your wife?" He wondered.
"I'm not sure, but I like it." I said. "Say, could you burn those pictures onto a CD for me?"
"Sure, no problem. I'll even throw in a couple of Gwen from my private stock that I think you'll like, as long as you keep them to yourself." He offered.
"Thanks, I appreciate it." I said.
"No, thank YOU."
"Well, I suppose I should get back to work. Can't make Jolene do it all."
We worked for about another hour and then went inside for a break. We were sitting in the kitchen sipping lemonade and trying to decide the schedule for the rest of the day when there was a knock at the back door. Jolene got up and answered it. She came back in a minute and said it was Mac from next door delivering the promised CD. She handed me the jewel case with the CD in it, a quizzical look on her face.
"These are the pictures he took of you earlier." I informed her. "Let's go take a look." I walked to the den with my wife close behind and popped the CD into the computer. There were two directories, one labeled Jolene and the other Gwen. I clicked into the Jolene directory first and displayed each picture, one at a time from first to last.
"Those really came out great." I commented. "Especially those last few. It looked like you were into it too."
"Yeah, it was more fun than I thought it would be."
Then I backed up and clicked into the Gwen directory. There were about a dozen pictures in there. They were pictures of Mac's wife Gwen, of course. It looked like each one was a sample from a different photo set. In a couple she was in a bikini, a few were short dresses, one was a skimpy halter. Even though Mac and Gwen were a few years older than we were, she was still fantastic looking and some of the pictures were undoubtedly a few years old. When the last picture appeared on the display I was a bit taken back. She was laying on a soft white rug, probably animal skin, her hands behind her head. Her jet black hair cascading over her shoulders and a sexy 'come hither' look on her face. What surprised me though, was the fact that she was topless. Her tits were large, at least D cup, with large oval shaped areola. The picture was softly focused and had a classy, but still sexy look.
"Oh my." Jolene whispered. "He must have given that one to you by mistake."
"Maybe. Or he might be hoping for some reciprocity from us." I opined.
"Hmmm, maybe."
"What do you think, should we get some boudoir shots of you and share them with Mac?" I asked.
"That might be fun, but I'm not sure you can get results like that." She said pointing at the computer monitor. "You have to have the right equipment, lighting, and whatever. You also have to know how to set it up as well."
"That's all true. I'll have to ask Mac who did that picture for him. Maybe we can use the same photographer."
"I think you just want to show me off some more." She accused me playfully.
"You know me all too well." I answered, pulling her close and giving her a long, wet kiss.
The next day I went next door to talk to Mac. He seemed a little surprised to see me at the door; we had not exactly been the best of fiends up to that point, but he invited me in.
"I wanted to thank you for the CD. Especially the, er, bonus material." I said as I looked around for his wife.
"Don't worry, Gwen is visiting her mother and won't be back for a few hours." He informed me. "So you liked her pictures, eh?"
"Oh yeah, especially that last shot on the rug. Very nice. You are a lucky man."
"I thought you might like that one." Mac chuckled.
"Who took that one?" I asked.
"I did."
"Really? It looks professional. I thought you worked for a construction company." I said.
"I do, photography is just my hobby." Mac explained. "The consumer level equipment available today is pretty amazing, especially the higher level stuff. If you know what you are doing you can get near professional level results with it for a lot less than what the pro gear costs."
"Wow." I exclaimed. "Would you be willing to take some classy boudoir shots of Jolene, like you did of your wife?" I inquired.
"Absolutely. When do you want to do it?" He asked excitedly.
"I'll have to talk to Jolene, but I think we are free all day today."
"It'll have to be in the next couple of hours, because I don't think Gwen will be supportive, if you know what I mean." He replied with a grin.
I made a snap decision. "OK, you gather up your equipment and come over and set up in the living room. I'll get Jolene ready."
I returned home and told my wife that we would be doing the photo shoot now. Instead of acting annoyed or resistant, she actually seemed excited about the prospect. While she worked on her hair and makeup, I picked out some lingerie for her to wear and Mac set up his equipment. When Jolene was finally done she walked into the bedroom to see what I had picked out for her to wear. I pointed out the three outfits and told her what order I wanted her to wear them. She had a gleam in her eye and I was sure she was looking forward to posing for the camera. She started getting undressed and as much as I wanted to watch her I wanted even more to see Mac's reaction when she came down the stairs wearing practically nothing.
Mac was still adjusting the lights he brought, a nice camera was mounted on a tripod nearby. Everything was setup by the fireplace and he had even scrounged up some pillows from the downstairs guest bedroom. It did seem like he knew what he was doing. I had my back to the stairs, but I knew when Jolene appeared because Mac froze, looking intently in my direction, but past me. I didn't turn around, I knew what she was wearing; I wanted to study Mac's reaction. I watched as his eyes opened wider, his breathing quickened, and the edges of his mouth turned up just a little. Yeah, he liked what he saw.
"OK, let's get this started." I announced. "Mac, I'll give you general direction, but you are in charge of the details. You tell her where and how to pose, and she'll do her best to follow your instructions. Right babe?"
"Sure thing sweetie." My wife answered. She was wearing a purple bustier that showed plenty of cleavage, matching panties, fishnet stockings, and pumps with four inch heels. She looked very hot.
Mac started her in front of the fireplace with some tame standing poses and progressed to some provocative ones laying on some pillows on the floor. Sensing we had gone as far as possible in that outfit I told Jolene to go change into the next one.
I could tell that Mac really liked this one. It was a semi-transparent black body suit that Jolene had not worn for quite a while because it didn't look very good when she had gained weight. Now that she was trim again it looked great. Mac was a little more aggressive in positioning her now that he could see I wasn't objecting to the more sexually explicit poses. He was still going slow though, feeling out how far he could go. Speaking of feeling out, I think he was also copping a quick feel of my wife here and there. Not a lot, it was always fleeting enough that he could claim it was an accident if he was called on it. It was turning me on, so I didn't say anything. Jolene didn't say anything either, so I assumed she either hadn't noticed or was enjoying it as well.
While Jolene was changing into the third set of clothes I had laid out for her, Mac and I reviewed some of the pictures on the camera's LCD. I had to admit they were pretty good; my wife never looked so hot in a photo before. In a couple of the body suit pictures he got the angle just right so that you could see her tits pretty clearly.
When she came down for the last set of pictures Mac must have thought he had hit the jackpot. My wife was wearing a cute red and white baby doll nighty with matching bottoms; nothing else. The top was held up with two thin straps and came down to about her belly-button. There was some white fringe and a small red bow across the top which covered her tits but showed a little cleavage. The bottoms were basically high-rise briefs, but not all that skimpy. While it may sound tame compared to the other two, this outfit was perfect for the effect I wanted to create. Jolene looked innocent and playful, not slutty, which would make the set even hotter when the poses turned nasty.
I outlined my plan quickly to Mac. "Start out nonsexual, I want to capture that sweet innocent look. Then slowly turn up the heat; the contrast should be really fun."
"How far do you want to go?" He asked.
A fair question. "Well, I'd like the last few pictures to be really slutty, but we'll have to see how far she'll go." I answered. I was sure I'd at least get her topless, but I didn't want to tip my hand to Mac; not just yet.
He gave me a big smile and a wink. "OK. Then let's get going."
Just as I had requested, he started out with some conventional shots that made her look cute and innocent. Slowly he positioned Jolene in ways that were more suggestive, even getting her to change her facial expression to match. Picture by picture she transformed from a playful girl into smoldering temptress. Finally it was time for her to show some more skin. Mac had her put her hands under her top, cupping her tits. This raised the hem up revealing her entire belly. Then he had her tilt her head to the side and close her eyes for the next shot. It was really hot.
"Now pull up the top and tease us." He told her. When she hesitated he said "Not all the way, or it won't be a tease."
She complied and held the top up so that we could almost see the bottom of her tits, but not quite. Mac took the shot and then had her turn sideways but holding the same pose.
"Now turn back to me and pull it up and off slowly and I'll get several shots in a row." Mac instructed.
My wife looked at me and I nodded my approval. She took a quick breath and pulling the top up slowly exposed her magnificent tits to the two of us. Mac took about five pictures of the entire process. When she was finished she stood there flushing furiously, her top dangling from her hand.
"Get that." I said, and Mac took another picture.
Next he had her lie down on the floor with the pillows and started setting up more and more explicit scenes. First just touching her tits, and then eventually holding them and pinching her nipples. I was curious as to how much further he would try to push it and how far she would go. Then my cell phone rang; it was the office. It must be an emergency if they were calling me at home on a Sunday. I didn't get good reception in the living room so I told them to continue, adding causally that Jolene should follow his instructions. I didn't think I would be gone long.
I answered the phone in the kitchen where I knew I had better reception and took care of the problem pretty quickly. At least I thought it didn't take long, but when I looked at my watch I realized I had been gone for almost ten minutes. Hurrying back to the living room I wondered what Mac and Jolene were up to. I figured that she had probably quit soon after I left. I couldn't have been more wrong.
As I rounded the corner, coming in behind Mac, I couldn't believe what I saw. My wife was on the floor on all fours, naked as the day she was born. She had her head down and her butt up high, a classic porn magazine shot, and damn if she didn't look slutty hot. I knew I should probably have stopped the shoot right then, but I didn't want to. I wanted to see how far things would go, so I held back and watched.
"OK, roll over onto your back, please." Mac said. To my surprise Jolene complied. "Now open your legs please, that's it, a little more. Great."
The camera flashed. "OK, start playing with your nipple with your right hand. Yes, like that. Oh, that's so hot, you are so beautiful." I watched as he took a couple more pictures. "Now move your left hand down to your pretty pussy." She hesitated. "Please?" Mac implored. Her left hand started to move down her body slowly. Mac took a couple of pictures of the trip it took. Finally it rested over her mound. Jolene was breathing heavily now and was visibly aroused.
"Now start playing with it." Mac instructed. "Come on, you can do it. Just start by running your finger up and down the slit." He encouraged. "Oh, that's great honey, just keep it up."
I saw Mac rub the front of his pants several times while he took pictures of my wife masturbating for him. My own cock was rock hard, but I was afraid if I touched it I would cum, and I didn't want to do that just yet.
"OK now put your finger inside." Mac instructed my wife.
"No, not that. I can't. I shouldn't." She wimpered.
"I know you want to. I can see you need to cum. You do want to cum, don't you?" Jolene bit her bottom lip and nodded slightly. She was trembling, on the verge of doing what he had asked. "Then just do it, slip your finger into your hot little hole and make yourself cum." He hissed forcefully.
Suddenly she was finger fucking herself with wild abandon, first one finger, and then two. She was pulling and twisting her nipples with her other hand, building up to her climax. Sweat glistened on her nude form, her fingers making squishing noises in her pussy as she slammed them in and out. She abandoned her tits and started rubbing her clit with her right hand. Her hips came up. High pitched sounds escaped from her open mouth and then finally her release came as her entire body tensed and then spasmed for a few seconds. Mac was taking pictures as fast as the camera would cycle.
When it was over she collapsed, breathing hard, her eyes clamped tightly shut. I was stunned, but Mac stepped over to her and knelt down. He caressed he face tenderly. "Are you all right?"
Jolene's eyelids fluttered and she looked up into his face. For a moment their eyes were locked, a lustful expression on her face. Then it suddenly changed as her eyes went wide. She pushed him back, scrambled up onto her feet and ran upstairs.
"Don't worry, she's OK." I said as I entered the room, startling Mac.
"I just, I mean I didn't..." He stammered.
"It's all right." I reassured him. "Get me the CD as soon as you can, but right now I have to go fuck my wife's brains out."
He looked relieved but I didn't stick around to chat. I had some serious fucking to do. I found my wife in the bedroom looking a little distraught. She opened her mouth to tell me something, but just pulled her to me and kissed her passionately. She quickly got the idea that I didn't want a conversation at that point. I tore off my clothes and fucked her. We shagged, rutted like animals, but we didn't make love. No, that would come later. I was rough and fast, but after only about thirty seconds we both came hard.
I never even got completely soft and soon we were at it again. This time I lasted much longer and we enjoyed multiple positions. I lost count of Jolene's orgasms, but all good things must end and eventually shot my second load of the afternoon into her seemingly tireless pussy. We napped for a while and when we were both fully awake I asked her about the photo shoot.
"You seemed to enjoy it." I stated.
"So did you." She countered.
"So I did." I answered. "What I really like to know, however, is what happened while I was away on the phone. I mean, I know you wound up naked, but that's all." I lied a little.
Jolene blushed. "At first we waited for you to return, but after a while Mac was worried I might be getting cold so he thought we should continue. I wasn't sure, but he said you'd be back soon and he reminded me that you told us to continue without you. So he took more pictures of me touching my, uh, breasts. Then he had me lie down on the floor and took some more there. Then he asked me to get onto my hands and knees and look over my shoulder like I was trying to entice you. Stuff like that."
"Go on," I prompted, "I know there's more."
"So then he asked me to lower my panties. I said I couldn't do that. He said he just wanted to get a picture of my ass for you, and said it was a lovely ass. He was so polite, and you did say I should follow his instructions, so I lowered the back of the panties just enough to show my butt." She related haltingly.
"OK, what happened then?"
"He took a few pictures and then he said that it would look better if I just slipped them down to my knees. That didn't seem like such a big deal. I had already shown him my butt after all, and he was so polite about it." She continued.
"That's the second time you said he was polite. In what way?" I queried.
"Oh, he was all 'please' and 'thank you', like he cared about my feelings. I guess that just made it easier to do what he asked. Anyway he took a few more pictures and then wanted me to turn so he could get some from a different angle, only that was difficult to do with the panties down by my knees. He suggested that I just take them off to make it easier. That seemed reasonable, so I did. Was that wrong?"
"No, not at all. That was the reasonable thing to do at the time." I reassured her. This is about the point in the shoot where I came back. It would be interesting to see what she admitted to. "Go on. What happened next?"
"Well, he took some more pictures and then told me to roll over onto my back. I wasn't sure if I should, but he was so nice about it and my knees were getting sore, so I did. He asked me to open my legs a little and it felt so dirty, like at the bar, but I couldn't help myself. Every time the camera flashed I imagined other men, strangers, looking at me naked and spread out, and it got me hot. Oh, you must think I'm terrible for feeling that way!" She cried.
"No, not at all honey." I insisted. "I think it's the sexiest, most wonderful thing I've ever heard you say!"
"Really? You don't think I'm a slut?"
"No I don't think you are a slut." I stated pointedly. "I think you can be slutty, and I love it when you are, but that's not the same thing as being a slut."
"You think so? You really like it when I act like that?" She questioned.
"I love it. It really turns me on to know you can be a normal married woman one minute, and a hot, slutty wench the next."
"Wow. I didn't realize..." She said as she digested that bit of information.
"So what happened next?" I prodded. "Come on, I'm going to see the pictures soon anyway."
"Then why do you need me to tell you?"
"Because it turns me on, silly."
"OK. Well then he had me, um, masturbate for him. I really didn't want to, but he was insistent and I was going crazy imagining other men jacking off while looking at the pictures. I just had to cum, so I fingered myself and rubbed my clitty until I came." She sighed. "After that I ran upstairs to the bedroom."
I didn't ask her about the look she and Mac shared just before she bolted since I didn't think she'd tell me anyway. I decided that I'd have to find out at the next hypnosis session. The photo shoot was great, but I wanted to go further, and for that she'd need more conditioning, and more men.