After the new year, Christine reflected on all of the events that have transpired this year and it drove her wild. She relived them in her head day in and day out. It seemed she was jamming a dildo in herself twice a day. She even wore the plug to remind her of being the statue. All these memories gave her such pent up sexual desire and frustration. In her mind she started playing the endings differently. What if those guys touched her as a statue and realized she was a naked woman. She imagined them freeing her only to take turns fucking her. She pictured herself on the floor of the steam room, but with a cock in her mouth and pussy. She fantasized about the members seeing the transparent photos at the party and deciding to rip her clothes off.
All this sexual energy gave her a new resolution. She decided to incorporate more sex acts in her adventure. An adventure wouldn't be complete unless she fucked herself with a dildo and came. She racked her brain to come up with more ideas. She wanted to push herself to an inch of being caught.
To start off with, she decided to stop wearing bras and underwear entirely, unless it would add value to a task. She bought new dildos and plugs and decided to leave them in her office. She made a rule that she would have to insert the dildo while outside her office once per week. She would try to pick a new place each week. She would also take a new porn picture and anonymously change out the 'end stall' photo monthly, to keep a good client experience. She would also keep a diary of her experiences and her feelings, which she did her best updating her past experiences. She would leave this in her drawer unlocked, always thinking about it.
Christine also decided to visit the mens quarters more often. She wanted to be in there as much as possible, but didn't know how to do it without chickening out. She googled ideas on forced tasks and came across a self blackmail program. She researched it and learned that you had to enter a code to prove a task was completed, or else it would send a pre determined picture and message to an email distribution group. This intrigued her so she downloaded the program. She tried to think how to handle hiding the code in the men's quarters, then remembered about the old refreshing password keychains that were kept in the back. She reinstalled the software on her computer and set the blackmail program to work off of that security tool. The keychain would refresh every hour. The password would have to be entered every Thursday between 2:50pm and 3pm.
After work, she turned off the cameras and entered the men's quarters. She taped the password keychain inside locker 225. She would have to enter the locker room and get the code after 2pm. She would then have to get back to her office and enter it between 2:50pm and 3:00pm. She created a new email address and saved the member email distribution list on the program. She uploaded a picture she took of herself spread wide showing off her tits and pussy. To start off with, she had something blocking her face, but the picture was revealing none the less. She left her face out just in case the program didn't work. It would be mortifying, but at least she wouldn't be recognized.
She activated the program. Now it couldn't be stopped until Thursday at 3pm, when she hopefully entered the code. Even if the computer was off, unplugged, or destroyed, the program would still run. Her fate was sealed. It was Monday, so she had a couple days. On Tuesday she decided that she would do her first dildo challenge in the security room. She ducked in and sat down. She dropped her skirt and laid the dildo on the chair. She lowered herself down. She was so turned on, it slid right in. She bounced on it for several minutes all the while watching members go about their day. She bounced until she felt an orgasm building. She rubbed her clit while bouncing on the dildo until she came. It was exhilarating. She cleaned up and redressed. She went back to the office and calmed down.
All day Thursday she was distracted. She kept thinking about her task. She checked the program a hundred times, making sure it didn't prematurely send. Everything was working as expected so far. At 1pm she locked herself in her office. She had to get ready. She dressed in the men's golf clothes from her previous adventure. She put her hair up and a hat on. At 2pm she walked over to the men's quarters. She entered and the locker room was busy. She ducked into the bathroom. She entered the end stall and saw her picture. It was worn and wrinkled, having seen better days. She guessed the members got a lot of use out of it. It reminded her to switch it out.
As she heard people saying goodbyes, she went over to the locker. She saw someone using the locker next to 225, so she waited, facing away from them. She fumbled around with her shoes, pretending to get undressed. She needed to get in and out. When he finally left 5 minutes later, she opened the locker and got the code. She closed the locker and ran out. She ran to her office in a hurry. She didn't want to be late. She sat at the computer and saw the time, 2:25pm. She was so early. She paced around unable to get any work done. As soon as 2:50 hit, she entered the code. 'Congratulations, you have successfully completed your task' it read. She exhaled. Even though it was nerve wracking, it ended too quickly and easily. She would have to push the boundaries.
Christine decided to up the ante. She decided to run the program for 5 consecutive weeks, so she wouldn't be able to stop it for a month. She would take 5 increasingly revealing pictures. She stripped down right there in her office. She took out her dildos. Photo for week 1 was her from behind on all fours, fingering her pussy. Week 2 was similar but she was using a dildo. Week 3 was her neck down facing the camera inserting a dildo in her pussy. Week 4 was her from the nose down, standing holding her tits and her legs shoulder length apart. Week 5 was the big one. She pulled a few strands of hair over her face, without blocking it completely. She was sitting spread eagle with a dildo under her visibly impaling her ass. Although she wasn't completely recognizable, a comparison next to a photo of her could be revealing. She uploaded them and started the program.
Over the weekend, she took new photos for the end stall. She mimicked her wig and makeup to match how she looked in the current end stall photo. This time she upped her game. The photo she chose was her laying on her back with the camera between her legs. She was knuckles deep with 3 fingers in her pussy. Her left handed was squeezing her tit. There was also a dildo next to her. Monday after work, she turned off the cameras and replaced the photo. She kept the first one in a folder in her office, hidden in her growing diary. She also decided to move the password keychain. She wanted a little challenge that would prevent her from running in and out. She looked around and decided, although risky, to put it in the steam room. She entered the steam room once before, so she could do it again. She put it against the back wall by the left bench. She secured it to the wall in the lockable clear thermostat box. With the steam on, she would have to put her nose to the wall to read the numbers, but at least others wouldn't see it. If she was sitting, she could fumble around to find it and nobody would know. She hid the keys under a random golf cart, so she wouldn't be able to find them easily.
On Tuesday, she decided to do her second dildo challenge. She chose the hut, where her adventures began. She relieved Jess, the girl at the hut and asked her to do a lap around the course to check for garbage. As soon as Jess left, she got to work. She dropped her skirt and rammed the dildo into her. She was pounding away when she saw someone approaching. She stopped, but didn't have time to put the skirt back on. The golfer ordered a drink and cart. She helped him quickly to get back to her task. She then decided her next dildo challenge would be on a cart while driving.
She pounded her pussy in a hurry. She needed to finish before Jess got back. She finished and made a little mess. She got dressed and hid her dildo in her bag. Seconds later, Jess came back. There were puddles on the floor and it smelled of her juices so she acted quick. She poured a drink and 'acidentally' dropped it. She bent to get towels and clean it up. On all fours, she wiped it up, trying to show her team that she's not afraid to get dirty. Jess coughed and said "Ummm...Your skirt is rising". She went to pull it down and realized that when getting dressed in a hurry, she didn't adjust it properly. Her whole ass and pussy was on display to Jess.
"I'm so sorry. I didn't have time to do laundry and ran out of underwear. I'm so embarrassed." She kept apologizing. "I get it" Jess replied. "We've all been there. Sometimes you just don't have enough time in the day to get everything done.". Christine finished up, and ran out of there. Back in her office she broke out laughing. She just showed her ass and pussy to her hut worker. She wondered if that would be the trigger to set Jess on the same path she is on. She pictured Jess commando and blushed.
Come Thursday, Christine was a nervous wreck again. She got ready by 1:30 so she could leave time to get in and get her spot. She went into the men's quarters dressed as a man. This time she used a robe and waited until the locker room was empty. She stripped and ran to the steam room. She entered and heard several conversations. She carefully stepped past several people and moved to the back. She plopped in her seat. She disrobed and sat there naked amongst the men. She listened to them drone on about golf and finances and business. They had no idea it was more exciting in there. She wished she could reveal herself to them. She started touching herself. This was so exciting. She could orgasm with 5 men around and nobody would know. She kept going until her climax was building. She bit her lip and rubbed herself over the edge. It was an intense orgasm. She laid back for a minute to gather herself. She then viewed the code and made her way to the exit. She put on her robe and peaked out. It was empty. She ran and dressed quickly. She went back to her office and opened her computer to see 2:45. She was close but still made it early.
On Tuesday she decided to do her dildo challenge on the golf cart. She wore an extra short skirt that day. She took a cart from Jess and said she was rounding. As she turned the corner, she quickly hiked up her skirt and set the dildo under her. She gyrated on it the whole trip, flush red when she passed golfers who greeted her. She was almost done but still hadn't gotten off. There was nobody at tee 17, so she stopped the cart and rode the dildo to orgasm. She then drove back and returned the cart. She knew she'd have to up this next week, as she set a new bar.
On Thursday, she practiced her usual routine. Come 1:30, she was ready for the lockers. She stopped into the end stall and checked on her photo. It was looking a little worn, which made her happy. She undressed and walked to the steam room. She heard no voices so she decided to leave the robe on the hook outside the room. She was completely naked with no immediate covering. She pranced around the room pretending to show off. She laid down about 5 feet in the room facing the door. She went nuts on her pussy, rubbing furiously. She came so quickly. 'It's too bad the door didn't open, they would've gotten a great show', she thought. She went to the back, got her code and left. Week 2 was over easily.
For her week 3 dildo challenge, she wanted to use the steam room. She would do it when she got the code. On Thursday she prepped as usual. Again, the men's quarters were vacant. She was feeling extra frisky so she left the steam room door open while she got undressed. This let a lot of steam out. When she went in, she could see all the way to the back wall. She knew it wouldn't last like this, but it would be exciting. She went to the back and set the dildo down. She sat on it and bounced. She could see the door still, which means if anyone came in, they'd see everything. As she bounced, the steam again overtook the visibility. She moaned loudly as she came, then grabbed the code and left. She knew it was risky but so badly wanted someone to see her.
For her week 4 dildo challenge, on Monday, she decided to use the front desk. She relieved John and asked him to tend to the proshop for restocking. While at the desk, she did the same as the cart, gyrating and bouncing on the dildo. She had to stop frequently when members arrived, but in the end, she was able to orgasm in the middle of the building. She waited for John to come back before documenting everything in her diary.
Thursday came and she spent most of the day in her office doing the books. She almost worked too long but remembered her task. It was 2:05pm, so she immediately rushed to the men's quarters. She walked in confidently, but froze as the men's quarters were busy. She was confused. She stepped out to avoid detection. She paced nervously until she looked out a window. It was raining. This wasn't predicted in the forecast, it was a freak flash rain storm. She would have to take chances. She avoided the lockers and went straight for a stall to dress. She put the robe hood up and walked with her head down. She tossed her clothes in a locker and went to the steam room, keeping the robe on. 'In and out' she thought. She carefully scooted past more men then she felt comfortable. She wasn't even going to disrobe. At the back, there was a group of 3 in the corner blocking her password. She sat across from them nervously waiting for them to leave. Some time went by and they were still talking about business. She was getting nervous. She tried to think of a way to get them to leave, but any action might reveal herself. She just had to outwait them.
She could hear more people entering and someone sat right next to her. She couldn't see his face but did feel his elbow nudge her arm. "New here?" He asked. "I can tell the new ones because they wear towels in here. No need though. It's counter productive and frankly just weird. I've seen people overheat because of them. It's better not to wear them, and I think it's policy as well." She wanted this to end. She responded with her male voice impression, "Thanks". A couple minutes later and his elbow accidentally nudged her arm again. "Sorry" he said "but are you still wearing that. You're going to overheat and get sick." She guessed she was in here for about 30 minutes and was feeling a little light headed. She looked at the guy next to her intently, but couldn't see who it was. She didn't want him drawing more attention, so she carefully disrobed. While doing so she accidentally nudged him back. "Atta boy" he said as he put his hand on her shoulder. She froze. This was too close for comfort. "I'm Hank" he said. He removed his hand from her shoulder and it appeared in her view, extended in front of her. He missed her tits by inches. She recognized his voice and name. He was Dr. Hank Piston. He was a regular and the guy who actually saw her naked back when she delivered the cart with her clothing fiasco. He bought her clothes from her. She shook his hand firmly and said "I'm Chris". This was getting too close for comfort and the guys across really needed to leave now.
Some more time passed and she was getting nervous. Eventually, Dr. Piston said he was leaving and it was nice meeting. He patted 'Chris' on the shoulder again and said, "Don't stay in too much longer, you'll pass out. You don't want to be like Joe and gang over there and melt your brain cells away." The guys across, sitting in her seat, said "Oh shove it, Hank. An hour is nothing in here. We're only halfway into our cleanse." Hank left. She panicked. 'half way?' she thought. 'Oh shit, I'm not going to make it. She didn't know what to do.
She turned to the corner group. "I heard it stopped raining and they are opening the course again. You going back out there?" She said in her deep voice. "No thanks, we're good. We got the front nine in today that's enough for me. Just here to relax now. Enjoy though." Joe responded, clearly not interested in leaving or talking further.
She decided to make one more effort. Knowing that they couldn't identify her, she closed up her robe right and stood up. "Have a good one" she said and 'accidentally' tripped forward. She leaned her head to the wall to try to get the numbers but one of the guys caught her. "Watch it, man. Get off me." he said pushing her back, towards the door. She tripped and fell to the floor. Her robe swung open. She got up and rushed out. She put her hood up and ran to her locker. There were several people there so she grabbed her clothes and ran into a stall. She changed as fast as possible and left.
She hurried to her office and ducked in. She would Google how to stop the program. There had to be a back up. When her monitor turned on, it was 3:07. The computer showed a message "You failed your task. Your message has been sent. This is your only warning. The next message will include everything. Please do better." Her jaw dropped. She didn't remember which photo it was. She checked the program. The email sent. She realized she never changed the message from the trial run, when she was much more confident and fooling around.
"Dear golfer,
I am so impressed by your incredible talents. I wish I could show you how much I appreciate watching you. Maybe if you invited me in, I'd get to show you my gratitude. Tell me what you think.
Love,
Your secret admirer"
Attached was the picture of her from her nose down, showing it all.
She was mortified. She can't believe that was just sent. She wanted to be done with this game. She was also concerned with the program fail message saying 'include everything'. She signed back into the program and reviewed the terms. Under the failing section, it read that one failed task sent the associated message. For further encouragement, any future fails would send all associated messages, as well as the users sign up information. She went to her account and it had her full name, email address, phone number, and all of the pictures she took, including those she didn't select for the message. She couldn't change any of the information. She looked through the photos and they included face shots. Some were while trying to get the camera angle right, others when using too far away, and some were taken rapid fire to get the best picture. There were pictures of her fingering herself, fucking her pussy with a dildo, and even doing anal, with her face in the picture.
She started crying. If she failed next week, she would be exposed. She just wanted to stop, but would have to do this again. She didn't even want to think about all of the people who now had a revealing photo of her. At least you couldn't tell who she was because her hair and eyes were cropped out, at least that's what she hoped. She did the bare minimum the next few days, mostly keeping to her office when she could. She watched people's faces and looks when she passed them, trying to see if anyone identified her. Nobody looked at her weird and, oddly, nobody reported the email to management.
By Tuesday, she was feeling better and actually horny again thinking how many people have seen her naked photo. She decided to get back into things. She got over her failure and wanted to do a grand gesture to make her think Thursday's task would be possible. She selected the hot tub for her last dildo challenge. She thought this wouldn't be so bad since you can't see under the water. She prepared her things on her break and dressed in her bikini. She should probably be more conservative, but she did enjoy showing off. She walked over to the empty hot tub with her bag. She got in and relaxed a minute. With nobody around, she untied her bottoms and pulled her dildo out of her bag. She raised up and inserted the dildo.
While watching the door, she bounced on the dildo. She would have to go slow and steady to avoid suspicion from anyone walking by or entering suddenly. It prolonged the challenge but it felt so good. While bouncing on the dildo, she caught sight of Dr. Piston walking over. Why was he always around when she took her risks? She had a lump in her throat while he walked up to the hot tub.
"Mind if I join you?" He asked, already entering the water. "Might as well" Christine replied. She was stuck here now. He started making small talk, but it was just background noise as she tried to figure out how to get out of this. She watched him glance at her chest periodically, almost lustfully. As the conversation went on, Dr. Piston kept moving closer. As he got almost next to her, she scooted to her right, away from him. As she did, her bottoms floated to the surface. 'Shit' she forgot about those. She reached for them but Dr. Piston grabbed them first.
"You really enjoy not wearing bottoms, don't you"? he asked. "No, give those back. They accidentally came off." "Just like the last time? I'd love to add these to my collection."
"Please, Dr. Piston. It's not like that. Please, give them back."
"I'll tell you what, you can have them. You just need to get them." He got out of the hot tub and grabbed her bag. He put the bottoms on top of her bag and placed it on the hutch across the room by the entrance. He returned back to the hot tub and relaxed. "Ahhhh, I love hot tubs. I can stay in here all day". He taunted. She complained but he only replied "You know, you gave me a show once, what's wrong with a repeat? Nobody else is around...yet."
She was stuck. She knew he already saw her naked, but he didn't know that she currently had a dildo in her. She pleaded again for him to return her bottoms but he just smiled and pointed to them. "I don't have them. They're right over there." She contemplated all her options. She could call for help, but most likely another member would come and side with Dr. Piston. She could try to outlast him, but he made it clear he's staying for the show. She could make a run for it, but then he'd see her dildo and possibly tell others.
She didn't have much of a choice. She decided she would have to make a deal with him. She offered him 6 months free membership to leave. "Sweetheart, I make that money in a week. I'd much prefer to watch you walk out of here". He sat back with a smug look on his face. She was at a loss. She would have to expose herself and her dildo. She looked him in the eye. "I'll tell you what. You'll get to see me, but no matter what, this stays between us."
"What, and miss out on the guys reactions to our favorite girl stripping again? Why would I keep this to myself, unless, you know, you want to take it further..." She knew what he was implying. She thought about it and, with a pit in her stomach, decided that a different secret show might just keep him quiet.
"What if I told you I had a secret and would let you in on it?" Christine asked. "What if I let you see something that nobody else saw?"
"We've already seen you naked, dear". He responded.
"But what if there is more. Would you keep that our secret?" She asked?
Dr. Piston looked at her intrigued and said "Make it worth my while and you're secret is safe with me." She was shaking but reached under the water and held the dildo in place. She finally stood up and his eyes bugged and jaw dropped. A smile overtook his face. She pulled the dildo out and went to get her bag. She was completely humiliated. He stopped her, "Wait, that can't be it. If you have that thing, surely you must've planned on using it. Finish up and your secret stays here." He patted the side of the hot tub next to him. Wobbly, she walked over and sat on the edge of the tub with her feet in the water. She hesitated and just sat there.
"Well, let's see what you've got" he said sternly. With a shaky hand, she inserted the dildo into herself. She slowly pumped it in and out, all under his gaze. She kept going and lost herself in the moment. She started pounding her pussy with the dildo hard and fast until she tossed her head back and came. She caught her breath, then realized her situation. She got up and ran to the hutch. She shoved the dildo in the bag and pulled out her towel. She put it on and ran to her office. She got dressed and stayed in there all day until closing.
She locked herself in her office all day Wednesday and Thursday morning. She still had to go through one final ordeal. She prepped and decided to go in early, at 1:30. She couldn't risk missing out on her spot in the steam room. She walked in and it was empty. She changed and went into the steam room. She went to the back only passing two people. While waiting, several members came in. It was getting a little crowded. Somebody mentioned it was raining hard. She stayed in her corner, waiting to feel confident enough that it was after 2pm. More and more people came in. There was now someone next to her and across from her. She put her robe back on, she couldn't risk it.
She waited a little while longer. She checked the password and memorized the code. As she stood up, the lights went out. The generator kicked in and the emergency lights went on. The steam stopped producing and someone propped the door open so everyone could see their way out. The steam started evaporating and visibility increased. She covered up and couldn't get past everyone else who was filing out. She decided to let everyone else go first, so nobody would be behind her. She was last in line and could now start making out people's bodies. She could see the bare ass of the person in front of her. She wrapped up well in the robe and kept her head down. She had to get to her locker.
When she got out of the steam room and went to the lockers, there were so many naked men. She was surprised how many people were there and how many didn't care to cover up. She could see everything. She scurried to her locker and grabbed her clothes. She ran to the bathroom stall to get dressed. She narrowly avoided being seen multiple times, only saved by the chaos of the situation. After getting dressed, she ran out and to her office. Her computer was off and wouldn't turn on.
She checked her phone, it was 2:30. She was panicking. If she didn't enter her code in the next half hour, she would be exposed beyond repair. She tried unplugging and replugging, but no response. While trying to get her computer on, there was a knock on her office door. It was John, stating that the owner was on the phone. She took the call and was informed that a transformer blew. He asked Christine to talk to the members and reassure them. He told her she could offer them free drinks if they wanted to stay, and to do whatever it takes to keep them happy. He also asked her to check the breaker in the mechanics room and to check on the generator when she got a chance.
She did her rounds to talk to members, telling them what happened and that they'd be back in business shortly, not to worry. She kept checking her phone for the time. She decided she would leave right at 3pm to avoid embarrassment. One of the members took her up on drinks, mentioning that everything in his house down the road is plugged into a generator, so he didn't have to worry. 'That's it'. She asked John to tend bar and told him to only server beer, wine, and shots, since he didn't know how to bartend.
She ran to her office and unplugged all her computer wires. She grabbed her whole computer and ran to the mechanical room. She plugged her computer into the back of the generator and the computer light went on. She turned it on. It was now 2:55. She waited for the boot up, then signed in. She opened the program and signed in. It was 2:58. She went to type in the code but couldn't remember if it was 6524 or 6254. She panicked and froze. It ticked to 2:59. She racked her brain but couldn't remember. She guessed, 6254. She typed it and submitted. She closed her eyes and tensed up. She held that position for probably 2 minutes before being able to open her eyes. Through blurry, teary eyes, she read:
"Congratulations, you have successfully completed your task"
She went back out and gave so many free drinks to those who were staying, often taking shots with them. She was safe, she was free, so she celebrated. She decided to take some time off from these tasks.