I met the girls at the lagoon, in South Bank. It's a man-made one right in the heart of the tourist strip that runs along the river bank across from the city centre. It's a popular spot for both tourists and locals, and because I live not too far away I sometimes come down here for a walk on the days I'm not rostered for security shifts.
The nearest beach, one good enough for swimming in, is at least over an hour's drive away, so the lagoon is the next best thing to check out girls in bikinis. Today's no exception: the little beach is packed with bathers and even the concrete coping around the deepest part of the lagoon is thronged by barely-concealed flesh. I wander around to that side, where the boardwalk passes next to the edge of the lagoon, enjoying the sun on my back. It's a shame I didn't bring some shorts to take a swim in.
There are a couple of Japanese girls sitting on the edge, drying their hair. Their skin is fucking divine; I just love how it can be both pale but with the softest hint of colour to it. One of them is wearing a string bikini, and the bulge of hip straining at that string makes my head swim with lust. There's an old Hungarian guy from work who likes to come down here on his nights off and chat up the International students, offering to drive them around in his clap-trap van on the pretext of showing them the other Universities that they could've applied for. One of his favourite tricks is to speed like a demon, take corners a little too sharply, that kind of thing. He gets off on their fear, and reckons it makes them kind of horny. My car is kind of a bomb, so I consider the possibility of giving it a try.
I lean upon the coping and remark on the brightness of the sun reflecting off the water, and this sets up a conversation with the girls. I quickly turn it to some gentle probing about how long they've been in Australia (only three weeks so far) and that sort of thing. Fortunately the sun is so bright, and with me being blonde, I'm able to repeatedly shield my eyes against the glare from the water with my hand, covertly allowing me to sneak glances at the girls' tits.
One of the girls, the taller of the two, called Narumi, is leaning back on her hands, and her breasts seem kind of small under a striped lime and yellow bikini that glows like phosphorescence under this sun.
The other girl, Aiko, is more my type. A little shorter than myself, with more meat on her than her friend. She's so cute, too. I like girls who have that one apparent flaw to their beauty: a snaggletooth, and upturned nose, large ears that stick out. A combination of these with beautiful eyes and a cheeky smile is even more charming. Aiko has eyes that angle sharply down as they near her nose... not like esotropia or something, more like the skin of her eyes arches down. It reminds me a little bit of those vampires in that 30 Days of Night movie. Or like a pixie or something. In any case, it makes her the cutest thing ever in my book.
Aiko's is the string bikini, too; a navy and red patterned number that cups her boobs like a lover's hands. She's leaning forward, gently swishing the water with her fingertips, so her tits hang forward from her body. They're the perfect size for me: round and shaped like mangoes, with enough to spill from my outstretched hand. The swell of her hip is her other attraction: she's bottom heavy, with a plump ass and wide thighs. I can feel my cock stirring at the sight.
I convince them to let me take their photo on Aiko's phone for them, and type my number into her contacts list while I am it, which makes them laugh.
"It's so I can take you to dinner tonight," I explain, and am relieved when they readily agree.
"We have another friend," Narumi ventures.
"The more the merrier," I cheerfully announce, just happy that I have an opportunity to catch up with Aiko later on.
All the way home there's a spring in my step, if not an urgency, as my mind pours over and over again the details of their bodies, of Aiko's strange eyes and gorgeous smile. So it's with great delight that I later receive a text message from Aiko, and am able to arrange to meet them at a local restaurant.
On the way to meet them later that night, I swing by the local liquor store and grab two bottles of wine, a dry white and a moscato.
Outside the restaurant the girls are waiting, and while I assumed the third person would be female, and is, I had never thought that it mightn't be. Her name is Kaori, with huge eyes and a small mouth. Now dressed in a white lace dress and an orange cardigan, Aiko's still the one for me, however, and I make that obvious during the dinner when most of my focus is turned towards her. I think it becomes obvious, for the girls are giggling amongst themselves and jibing Aiko in Japanese. I smile at her awkwardness. She's too much for me.
The moscato turns out to be the real winner, even though I personally consider it the inferior of the two wines. But the girls are fascinated by its sweet taste, and they finish the whole thing off between them, and all the more brazen for it. Now the gentle teasing from before has developed into ribald ribbing, and despite the language barrier I can surmise that Aiko is being mercilessly hounded because of my interest in her. She simply laughs and pretends to sulk at their taunts.
By the end of the dinner, however, it has become clear that the girls are keen to put some distance between themselves and me. They gather out the front and all bow to me in unison, thanking me for the night and for the leftover white wine I insisted they take home. Sensing this is a make or break moment, I offer to drive the girls home. They consider this, conferring amongst themselves for a moment, before humbly accepting my offer. The jocularity and ease of the dinner relations has been replaced with a stiff kind of formality that I'm struggling with.
Nonetheless, I lead them up the street to where my little bomb is parked. It's not that bad, really, but it's a decade old and only a two-door, so the girls have to decide who sits in back. Narumi and Kaori unanimously elect that Aiko should sit up front, and during the drive I'm able to rekindle a bond with Aiko as I ask about her Uni studies. By the time we reach their apartments on Shaftson Avenue, the rapport between us has somewhat returned, but once again it becomes clear the girls are ready to go their own way without me, for they exit the car and all bow to me.
I suppose I should have tried the old Hungarian's trick of scaring them a tad with some reckless driving. But I'm not done yet.
"Before I go, I really need a bathroom," I implore, dancing a little on the spot to suggest the urgency of my apparent need.
The girls look reluctantly one from the other, with Aiko pulling her cardigan across her chest against the chill night air, and they finally agree I can use their facilities. We take the lift up to the tenth floor, the elevator taking forever as students pile in and out on nearly each floor. They make some small talk with one another, and I think I even get an appreciative once over from a Japanese girl who asks my company about me. Or it could be that she has noticed the slight bulge in the front of my jeans.
It turns out that Aiko, Narumi and Kaori are all flatmates, which is how they know each other. I was actually expecting them to all have their own apartments, but they tell me the fees for International students are too high.
As Narumi shows me where the bathroom is, I'm pleased to note that the other two have decided to finish off the white wine.
I unbuckle my jeans and my cock springs loose. I'd had salacious thoughts all the way up in the elevator, and by the time we'd entered the apartment, I was feeling pretty horny. The smell of the apartment was so sweet; it had that flowery, powdery scent that girls' rooms sometimes have. It had made my horniness double, and now I'm debating whether I should beat one off here into their toilet or save it for when I get home.
At the end of the towel rung is hanging two pairs of bikinis, the same that Aiko and Narumi wore earlier at South Bank. There's also a collection of bras hanging beyond those. Lacy ones; white ones with tiny pink flowers printed on. I imagine the girls stripping these off, their breasts exposed. Aiko's enchanting eyes twinkling at me as her nipples hardened. It's too much. My heart hammers in my chest as I realise what I'm about to do.
I wander back out into the lounge area where the girls are seated and downing glasses of white. Narumi's eyes go wide and she sits stock still, while Kaori squeals and pretends to hide her face. Aiko is staring at me, then down at my exposed cock, and back to me again. I'd deliberately decided to leave my jeans on the floor of their bathroom, some kind of fool decision inspired by the bras hanging on the towel rung.
I was nearly fully erect now, my heart hammering loudly in my ears, a cocky smile on my face because what else could I do now that I'd made this (probably unwise) move.
Then Kaori uncovered her face and stared at my cock, watching it stand completely to attention. She muttered something to the other two girls, pointing at my erection. Narumi replied in rapid-fire Japanese, her face flushed red from the wine.
I pulled a chair from the corner of the room and sat down in front of the girls, my knees apart so that I was on full display. If they'd wanted me out, they would have said so by now, and with a lot of yelling I'd imagine. But it seemed they were fascinated by my cock, or maybe by my wonton exhibitionism. Their courage fuelled, perhaps, by the alcohol, and (I hoped) their lust, they leaned forward for a better look. I tightened my abdominal muscles and my erection jerked suddenly, scaring the girls and making them yelp. Then they all three burst into fits of laughter, holding onto one another and yammering away.
I pulled my shirt off and was now fully naked. My cock was aching to be touched, but it would've been too soon to try and coax the girls into playing with it, so I took myself in hand and began stroking it slowly, getting more turned on by the girls' interest.
I motioned for Aiko to bring me the nearly empty wine bottle, but she shook her head no. Narumi jumped up and grabbed the bottle by the neck, bringing it over to me. Her eyes were on my dick the whole time, so as she passed the bottle to me I grabbed her by the wrist. She squealed, and in turn so did the other two girls, and as I pulled her closer she shook her head and continued to protest in a high-pitched voice.
"It's okay, Narumi," I cooed, as I angled her wrist so that the base of the wine bottle nestled under my ball-sack. "See?"
She opened her eyes reluctantly and relaxed when she saw what I'd done. I let go off her wrist, and she revolved the bottle so that my balls slid over the condensation on the glass. It felt cool to the touch, lending a contrasting feeling to the heat building in my cock. Narumi was back to staring at my cock, and Aiko and Kaori were oohing and ahhing in appreciation of the sight.
I tried to casually rest my hand on Narumi's leg, in anticipation of sliding it up under her dress, but she swung her hips away so I let it be.
"Come closer," I beckoned the other girls, who looked to each other before creeping around the coffee-table to sit close by. They were both on their knees to my side, so that by dick was at eye-level. I increased the speed and pressure of my stroking. My helmet was an angry shade of red now, and the eye of my penis was open. I could practically see down inside my cock.
Noting that Aiko leg muscles were tensing, I realised she was secretly pleasuring herself, squeezing her thighs against her pussy in a low-key masturbation technique that girls liked to do. Guys do it, too, actually, squeezing their cock between their thighs when situations don't permit a good stroke.
I was drowsy with lust now, my eyes heavy lidded as the pleasure centres were becoming overloaded. Having three Japanese girls watch me jerk off was amazing, and my cock was starting to feel like it might explode.
"I want to see your tits," I murmured at Aiko, and reached inside her cardigan and grabbed at her breast.
She didn't resist, surprisingly. Her tit felt soft and full through her dress, so I gave it some firm squeezes. Her eyes, so beautifully strange eyes, closed slowly as her lips parted in the softest of sighs. Her thigh muscles continued to tense and relax over and over.
Narumi pulled the wine bottle away and lifted my cold balls with her fingers, cupping them in the palm of her warm hand. Her fingers were so dainty, the nails perfectly manicured, painted light pink. I would have preferred Aiko's touch upon me, but I had her tit out of her dress now so that was good enough for me.
Aiko's skin was unbelievably soft, and her nipple was brown, kind of chubby looking. It actually looked like it was made from marzipan. Good enough to eat. I rubbed her nipple between my finger and thumb as Narumi cradled my balls, and finally my pumping yielded results as I shot stream after stream of pearly cum into the air.
The girls squealed and moaned in turns as the cum splattered down onto my chest and abdomen, tangling in my pubes. Narumi quickly pulled her hand away, as if afraid she'd get some on her, and I'd reluctantly had to relinquish my hold on Aiko's tit because of the violent spasms of my orgasm.
Kaori said my dick was cute, and her eyes seemed bigger than ever as she watched the last of my cum squeeze out from the hole.
Narumi passed me some tissues to clean myself with, and the girls stood back, chatting excitedly amongst themselves and stifling giggles behind their hands.
That was a help of a release on my part... I didn't have a wank after I'd gotten home earlier from ogling the girls in their bikinis, and my balls had been aching all night to spill seed. I'm hoping, if I play my cards right, that there will be more to come. Three Japanese pussies in one sitting sounds like a perfect menu.
The girls, however, seem to have other ideas.
Aiko brings my jeans and socks from the bathroom, passing them to me with her head bowed.
I get the hint, and get dressed. The girls continue to watch me, so I do it like a reverse strip-tease, my still swollen, half-erect cock the last thing to be tucked back in. I'm hoping that the girls will change their minds and decide a foursome is in order, or at least just sex with one of them, but they see me out the door, thanking me for dinner and for the wine, and all bow to me before closing the door.
The elevator trip down is eventful, as I don't even try to hide my half-erection in the front of my jeans. The students seem equally shocked and curious, but I'm energy for chasing girls for the night is dampened, so I head back to my old bomb and drive home, thinking about Aiko's tit and eyes.
***
[note: A few more attempts to meet up with girls after this were unsuccessful, and eventually, I assume, they all went back to Japan after their studies.]