Marjorie crossed the dunes from her grandmother's house easily. She had been this way earlier in the evening just before dark. The sun had been down but there had still been enough light to see by. Now with the sun down and her eyes adjusted to the darkness, she knew where to go to find the damp sand of the beach.
The light wind off the water was cool, bordering on chilly but just being this close to the ocean had Marjorie excited and warm. She took a quick look up and down the beach before she took her long dressing gown off over her head. Her nipples hardened instantly at the caress of the cool breeze. She shivered hard as she rolled the gown up.
Her skin was alabaster white. Skin that had never been touched by the sun. Skin that couldn't be touched by the sun. Her white hair and eyebrows marked her for what she was, an albino, even if no one could see her pink eyes. She sighed and raised her arms, turning to face the breeze. It felt so good on her body, all of her body.
Between the wind and the sound of the waves, she was in heaven. There were so many places she couldn't go and this one was right on the doorstep. It was the one that fascinated her the most. The one that seemed to pull at her all the time. The one she finally couldn't resist, so she had slipped out of her grandmother's house to explore.
She shivered again as she turned and started to walk long the edge of the surf. Ever so often a wave would wash up around her feet. The water seemed warm. Warmer than the air at least. She wondered what it would be like to swim in it. The fact that she couldn't swim kept her on the shore. She wasn't afraid of water but so much water and wild water at that, was another story.
The full moon rode over the high dunes to her left. It had a reddish pink hue to it that cast faint pink highlights to the sand and the foam. Marjorie smiled and hugged herself. She felt so free to be out on the beach. Her step faltered for a beat as she raised her left hand and looked at the gown in it. This made her pause. Why was she naked? Not that naked was bad when she was alone but... Why out here where there was a possibility of someone seeing her?
She looked up and down the beach again. There was very seldom anyone on this beach even during the day. Her grandmother's house sat off the main road about a half mile and it was surrounded by the rolling dunes. There was occasionally a Jeep or four-wheel drive truck driving along here but that had become even more rare as of late. She wondered why?
In the direction she had been walking was another house but it had been abandoned for all the years she had lived with her grandmother. She had walked to it through the dunes one time back when she was younger. Her grandmother had gone into town and she had gotten bored. With her gown on and a heavy cloak over that, she had ventured out. It had been late fall and far cooler than it was now.
She smiled as she remembered the high clouds and the brisk wind. The excitement of being outside, the fear of someone seeing her, the disappointment of the gray rundown house. She had hoped to spy on someone. Possible another young girl she could dream of being friends with. She had followed her own lonely tracks back home.
Marjorie sighed and started to walk along the beach again. She couldn't be very far from the old house. Was it still vacant? Had the last several storms knocked it down or was it still standing? Would the abandoned house make her as sad as she had been the last time she saw it?
A few moments later, she picked out a faint light among the dunes. Was it the old house? The light flickered. Was it a campfire? Were there people? She turned at an angle and hurried over to the edge of the dunes. The sand was dry and soft here and still warm from the day's sun. Her steps faltered as she thought of the gown but she continued to walk as she squeezed it tighter in her hand.
She shivered and whispered, "No, not yet." The first words she had spoken since she left her grandmother's house.
Her steps faltered and slowed even as she tried to keep an even pace. Her heart was beating fast and her breathing was fast and shallow. It was a mixture of fear and anxiety but thrilling at the same time. It was something totally new to her. Question after question raced through her mind. Why was she doing this? Why hadn't she turned around and fled? Why was she still naked?
Marjorie's mind had no answers and her eighteen year old virgin body was not helping things a bit. It kept spurting out hormones and other stuff that just egged her on. Other people. She needed to see other people. Live, real people. Her grandmother was the only other human being she had had contact with in the last fifteen years of her life.
That last thought stopped her dead in her tracks. Her parents had dumped her with her grandmother when she was three and left. She had been home schooled. Her grandmother had put the fear of the sun and what people would say about her deep in her mind but now...
But now what? That was the thing her mind kept shying away from. The last time she had headed for the old house, she had been looking for a friend, a girl friend. Now she was looking for something else but would not let her mind even think about it. Thoughts of her own hands on her sensitive breasts and between her legs in the bath jumped to her mind and she whimpered softly. Her right hand came up to caress her left breast and she jerked it back down by her side.
Her grandmother had always warned her about touching herself but the rough washcloth had always felt so good on her nipples and at the top of her sex. She shivered hard and turned around. She took one step and then a second. She stopped and whirled around, indecision rampant in her mind. Actually, it was more of a war between her mind and body. She groaned softly and took a step forward.
What would it hurt to see what was at the old house? She could stay in the shadows and blend in with the white of the sand. She took three steps and stopped again. She sighed and turned around. "I can't do it," she whispered as she started back toward her grandmother's house.
"Why not?" a distinctly male voice asked from the shadow of the dune to her right.
Marjorie jumped at the sound of the voice and fled down the beach at a dead run. She hadn't gotten far when an uneven place in the sand made her stumble and fall. The soft warm sand and her hands cushioned her hard landing. She lay there gasping for air. She could feel her nipples rubbing against the gritty sand. The feeling made her whimper softly.
"Are you alright?" The male voice asked from behind her. "I didn't mean to scare you."
Marjorie's eyes were on the dressing gown in her hand as she nodded. She could almost feel his eyes running all over her back and butt. She whimpered again and turned her head slightly to look up at him. He was a darker shadow within the shadow of the dune. She wondered if she was the same.
He leaned forward and offered her his hand. Marjorie shivered at the thought of taking it, of rolling over to show him all of her front, to actually stand up in front of him. "I... I... I..." she stammered and then ran out of steam and looked back at the dressing gown.
The young man squatted down and said, "I take it, running around naked on the beach at night is a new experience."
Marjorie nodded. "Tonight is the first time," she confessed.
"You are very beautiful, if that is any help."
Marjorie felt the hot wash of a blush on her upper chest and face. "No one has ever said that to me before."
"Then I'll assume you've lived in a cave alone out here among the dunes."
Marjorie giggled and replied, "No. I live with my grandmother in a house down the beach."
"I didn't now anyone lived in that old house."
"I didn't know anyone lived at the old house where the fire was or is, that is," Marjorie said as she looked around at the young man again.
"No one does. It belonged to a friend of mines grandparents. They passed away years ago. We come here sometimes during the summer to camp and enjoy the beach."
"We?" Marjorie asked.
"My friend Jake, his girlfriend Abby, and my sister Sandra. I'm Frank by the way."
"I'm Marjorie."
"Hello Marjorie, it's good to meet you," Frank said with a grin.
"I would say the same but I'm a little... a lot embarrassed at the moment," Marjorie said slowly.
"There is nothing to be embarrassed about. We go skinny dipping all the time and even sun in the nude when there is no one else around."
The thought of swimming in the ocean made Marjorie shiver hard. "I can't swim," she said to cover up her excitement.
"Maybe I could teach you sometime," Frank said as he sat down on the sand.
"I, uh, can't come here during the day. The sun would burn me up."
Frank chuckled. "Are you a vampire?"
Marjorie laughed. "No but I have a condition. Little or no pigment in the skin. I burn very, very easily."
"Jake's parents have an indoor pool and we have one in the back yard. Either one would be a lot better place to learn to swim than here. The surf is too rough. Just let me know when, then grab your bathing suit and leave the rest to me."
"I, uh, don't have a bathing suit. I've never needed one."
"That's no problem. My sister and Abby both love to shop," Frank said. "They would be more than happy to help you pick one out."
"I've never been shopping," Marjorie admitted.
"Then who buys your clothes?"
"Uh... All my clothes are hand-me-downs from my grandmother. Three dressing gowns, a long cloak, two skirts, and two blouses. That's all I've ever needed."
Frank looked confused. "What did you wear to school or to town?"
"I was home schooled and I've never been to town."
"You've never... Holy shit," Frank whispered and then shook his head. "I need to introduce you to my sister and Abby."
"I can't. I mean, I'm not supposed to be out here. Grandmother is going to be very mad if she finds out."
"Are you a prisoner or something?"
"I don't think so but then again, I've never tried to leave. This is only the second time I've been out of the house since I was three," Marjorie said.
"Where are your parents?"
"I don't have a clue. They dropped me off and grandmother hasn't heard from them since, as far as I know."
"That sucks," Frank said and then sighed. "I still want to introduce you to my sister and Abby. Abby is pre-law so she might have some ideas on your statues."
Marjorie rolled over partially onto her side. She saw Frank's eyes dart to her exposed breast. She had to steel herself from rolling back flat as a surge of excitement ran through her body. That and a little fear mixed in made her whimper softly.
"Uh, have you ever wondered what would happen to you if something happened to your grandmother?" He asked a moment later.
Marjorie gave a little start. She had thought about that and her grandmother was getting old. "It has... uh, crossed my mind but I try not to think about it."
"Would you know what to do or who to call?" Frank asked.
"Grandmother doesn't have a phone."
"This just gets worse and worse," Frank said almost to himself. Then he stood up and turned around. "Get up, brush yourself off, and put on your night gown. I promise not to look."
Marjorie found herself giggling. If he only knew how much his looking excited her... He looked around at her and gave her a questioning look. Steeling her nerve, she asked, "What if I wanted you to look at me?"
Frank slowly turned around. "It would be an honor and my pleasure," he whispered.
Marjorie giggled again. "Not all yours believe me," she whispered in reply as she rolled over onto her back. His eyes roamed freely up and down her body. A surge of heat and excitement ran through her body to pool in her sex. She whimpered softly as she sat up.
"Beautiful, just beautiful," Frank whispered as she got to her feet.
Marjorie felt herself blush deeply as she stood there in front of him. His eyes were once again roaming freely over her body. Her grandmother had always warned her about men and lustful looks but there was only a look of awe and wonder on Frank's face.
She shivered hard and then unrolled the dressing grown. For some reason, she took her time getting it straightened out before she slipped it on over her head. As it settled over her body hiding it from his sight, she realized she like the way he looked at her. Her nipples tingled at the touch of the cloth and there was a throbbing at the top of her sex. There was also an antsy, itchy feeling deep inside her. She found herself smiling shyly up at him.
Frank smiled and nodded his head. "Thank you. You are a sight I'll never forget."
Marjorie blushed again as she held out her right hand. Frank reached out and took it in his left hand. The contrast between her white hand and his darkly tanned one was very marked. He was still smiling as he turned and they started to walk along the beach toward the flickering firelight.
*****
As they got nearer to the firelight, Marjorie realized Frank had on a baggy black t-shirt and equally baggy shorts. Her mind and body fought once more about letting someone see her in the light from that fire. Frank looking at her in the dark was one thing but there in the light was another.
They made the turn between two dunes and Marjorie hung back for a second. "It will be alright," Frank reassured her with a smile. "All the natives are friendly here."
"I know but I've never... uh... met people before. It's a little scary."
"Just relax and let me do the talking at first."
Marjorie shivered and took a deep breath before she nodded and started forward again. "I trust you for some reason."
Frank gave her a crooked smile and whispered, "I hope I live up to that."
The fire came into view. It was in a pit in the sand and burning brightly. A three foot cloth wind barrier was around a blanket next to the fire. A redheaded guy that Marjorie took for Jake was sitting in a lawn chair, a blond young woman sat with her back to him between his knees. That was probably Abby. She had on a light nylon jacket but it was open. Jake had a hand on each of her breasts and was slowly massaging them. Abby had her eyes closed and Jake was looking down at her.
Another step and Marjorie stopped dead in her tracks. Laid out next to the fire was a tall completely naked brunette. She had her head resting on the blonde's thigh and one knee raised that was rocking from side to side. Her smoothly shaven sex came into view as the knee went one way and disappeared as it went the other.
The brunette turned her head and saw them. She grinned and said, "We have company."
Abby opened her eyes and blinked twice. Jake looked up and grinned but did not move his hands away from his girlfriend's breasts. "Leave it to Frank to find the only woman in a hundred miles," he said with a nod.
"Probably not the only one but certainly a very beautiful one," Sandra, the brunette said.
"Play nice you guys," Frank said. "This is Marjorie, she lives in the old house up the beach."
"Welcome to the party," Abby said as she brought her hands up and covered Jake's.
Marjorie nodded as her eyes jumped from Sandra's moving knee to Abby and back again.
"I think you have an admirer, Sandra," Jake said with a grin.
"So I was noticing," Sandra replied.
"We're the first people besides her grandmother, Marjorie has ever met," Frank said.
"No way!" Abby said.
"Yes, it's true," Marjorie whispered.
Sandra lowered her knee to the blanket and rolled onto her side. She was well aware of the view of her open wet sex she was giving the young woman next to her brother. She also felt her large breasts roll on her chest. Marjorie's eyes were sweeping her body as she moved.
With a grin, Sandra asked, "How is that possible? Between school and all, you must have met some people."
"I was home schooled and this is only the second time I've been out of grandmother's house."
"No wonder she's staring at you," Jake said. "Not that I'm not staring also."
"We're all staring," Abby said with a grin. "Even Frank."
Sandra chuckled and nodded. "I always did like the way Frank looks at me. It makes me all tingly inside."
"What doesn't?" Jake said with a chuckle of his own.
"Not much," Abby said with a grin.
Ignoring her friends, Sandra patted the blanket and said, "Come on in and join the group. We won't bite, that is unless you ask us too."
Frank stepped over the barrier and gave Marjorie's hand a gentle tug. "You can sit by me," he said and then looked at his sister. "I know when to swat her on the nose so she behaves."
Sandra chuckled and stuck her tongue out at her brother.
"I would swat her on the ass, "Jake said.
Abby laughed and leaned back to look at her boyfriend. "That's the worse thing you could do. She loves to be spanked."
Sandra rolled over on her stomach and lifted her ass. "Yes, please."
Frank shook his head and grinned. "Pay no attention to these kinky perverts, I'll protect you."
Marjorie's head had moved as she followed the conversation. It was so open. Did all people act and talk like this, she wondered as she stepped across the barrier. She had to pull her gown up to do so and Sandra whistled. Marjorie looked at her sharply. Her gown was only a few inches above the top of her knees.
Then she realized with Sandra on the ground, she could see well up the gown. She hurried to get her other leg over the barrier. When she did her gown went even higher and Sandra whistled even louder. Marjorie stumbled and leaned against Frank heavily. His arm went around her to keep her from falling.
Sandra licked her lips and whispered, "I think baby girl there is naked under that nightgown."
"Says the naked lady by the fire," Jake said with a laugh.
"I... uh... I," Marjorie stammered.
"We're cool with naked," Abby said as she pulled Jake's hands away from her breasts. "See."
Marjorie nodded but her eyes were on Abby's full breasts. "Yes, I do see," she whispered and then looked away quickly.
"Come on guys, you're embarrassing her," Frank said. "She's not used to people of any kind, much less a bunch of perverts like you."
"Says, the biggest pervert of us all," Sandra said as she sat up and ran her hands lightly over her own breasts. A moment later she said, "You have beautiful skin, so white and creamy."
"I have a condition," Marjorie whispered.
Abby smiled and said, "I'd love to have that condition. I got too much sun and I'm pealing in some strange places."
"No you don't," Marjorie said. "I can't get out in the sun at all. My hand burnt once just sitting at the window looking out."
"You're kidding right?" Jake asked.
Marjorie shook her head. "Not in the least."
"Albinisms or something like that. White hair and eyebrows, pink eyes, and clear skin. There was a girl in school the last year before we graduated. A really nice young woman, although she was very shy and introverted as I remember," Jake said softly.
"Hey, I remember her," Abby said. "She always wore a cloak and sat as far from the windows as possible. Smart girl as I remember, very smart."
"Any of that sound familiar?" Sandra asked, looking at Marjorie.
"That's pretty much me to perfection. Maybe not the very smart part but the shy and introverted, definitely."
Jake grinned. "I always wondered if all her hair was white."
Sandra rolled her leg out to the side and raked her nails lightly over her smoothly shaven mound. "Even down here? That would be so cool."
Marjorie's eyes followed her fingers with a soft whimper. "I... uh... I," she stammered.
Frank shook his head. "Don't mind her, she's always trying to start something. She just wants to see your reaction."
"She, uh, got one," Marjorie whispered.
"Teasing is always fun," Sandra said with a grin as she closed her legs and brought her finger up to her lips and sucked on it.
Frank let go of Marjorie's hand so he could brush the sand off his feet as he stepped onto the blanket. He sat down with his legs crossed and looked up. "Care to join us for a little while?"
Marjorie brushed her feet off and sat down next to Frank. Her feet were curled up beside her left ass cheek, her gown pulled down well below her bent knees. Somehow she felt better sitting down.
Sandra got a pouting look on her face as she looked at the way the nightgown was tucked under Marjorie's legs. A moment later, she sighed and whispered, "So much for another glimpse of those creamy thighs."
Marjorie looked at her, smiled, and said, "I do have to stand up and step back across the fence when I leave."
Abby laughed. "She called you on that one," she said to Sandra. "She's catching on fast."
Sandra sighed and laid her head down on Abby's thigh. "I'd try an talk her out of that nightgown but Frank would have a cow," Sandra said and then grinned at her brother. "It wouldn't be his first or probably his last."
Frank ignored his sister and looked at Abby. "We were talking earlier and it seems, Marjorie's parents dumped her off at her grandmother's about fifteen years ago and haven't been seen since."
"I'm sorry to hear that," Abby said.
"Tough," Jake put in.
"Grandmother has taken very good care of me," Marjorie whispered defensively.
"Held you prisoner, is more like it," Sandra said sitting up.
"What's her legal status?" Frank asked.
Abby looked at Marjorie. "Are you eighteen?"
Marjorie nodded. "I had my birthday a few months ago."
"Then you're free to do as you please," Abby said. "Legally that is. But there is your grandmother to consider. She is your sole means of support in all things at the present. Making her mad might not be a good idea."
"I've considered that," Marjorie said. "Just being outside even at night..." she let the sentence trail off. "I should head back home."
As Marjorie got to her feet, Sandra laughed. "Oh goodie, I get to see those creamy thighs again."
For an instant, anger flashed through Marjorie's brain from the taunting sound in Sandra's voice. Before she could think about it, she whipped the dressing gown off over her head. "You want to see me? Well, here I am," she said sharply as she tossed the gown to Sandra.
You could have heard a pin drop. Everyone's mouth was hanging open except Frank's. He looked at the three and then chuckled as he said to his sister, "I think you took that bit of teasing too far."
Sandra nodded but her eyes were wandering all over Marjorie.
Abby closed her mouth and grinned as she looked up at Jake. "Someone toss me a rag before Jake drowns me with his drool."
"I know how he feels," Frank said as he stood up. "She was naked when we met on the beach."
"Holy shit!" Sandra whispered as she finally got her mouth to close.
"Uh huh," Jake managed to get out.
Marjorie sudden realized what she had done and blushed long, hard, and hotly. "I... I... I probably shouldn't have done that," she finally got out.
"Nope. That was the exact thing to do when my sister teases. Call her on it," Frank said with a grin in his sister's direction.
"Holy shit," Sandra whispered again and then shivered. "She's gorgeous."
"Uh huh," Jake said and then groaned as Abby leaned forward and then back sharply. "Hey now, don't be breaking your toy," he said quickly.
Abby chuckled. "I was just letting it get in a more comfortable position. It was poking me in an unusual place."
Marjorie looked confused and Abby grinned as she asked, "How much do you know about guys?"
"Uh, not a whole lot. I've read what was in the books and looked things up in the medical reference grandmother has," Marjorie confessed.
"Yeah, Jake would be in a medical reference alright, under medical anomalies," Sandra said and then laughed.
Marjorie looked at her but didn't get the joke. Sandra looked up at her brother. "She has no idea what I'm talking about, does she?"
"Not a clue," Frank replied. "And let's keep it that way for now, shall we."
"Hey, that thing scares me just thinking about Abby bouncing up and down on it," Sandra said and shivered dramatically.
Suddenly the light went on over Marjorie's head. "Oh, you're talking about his..." She stopped talking suddenly and blushed deeply.
"Now you've got it," Sandra said with a laugh.
"No, I've got it," Abby said. "Why else would I keep him around?"
"Hey now, I always thought it was my charming personality and boyish good looks," Jake said in mock protest.
"Those too," Abby said as she leaned her head back so Jake could kiss her.
Marjorie watched them kiss and shivered hard. She had never been kissed by anyone but her grandmother and that was always on her cheek or forehead. When Jake's hand came over and caressed Abby's breast, Marjorie whimpered softly.
Sandra was watching the young woman closely and grinned as she said, "You've never been kissed like that, I take it."
Marjorie shook her head sharply and Sandra's grin grew broader. "You could kiss me. I taught both of them everything they know about kissing."
"I don't think so," Frank said with a frown in his sister's direction.
"Hey, I taught you everything you know also," Sandra said still grinning. "And not just about kissing."
"Lets get back to Marjorie, shall we," Frank said quickly to change the subject. "What happens to her if something happens to her grandmother?"
"That is up to how her grandmother's will is written, if she has one," Abby said thoughtfully. "If she has one and leaves everything to Marjorie, then things can continue the same. Although now Marjorie would have to do the shopping and everything her grandmother does now."
Marjorie slowly sat down as she had been before but with her nightgown in her lap. She glanced down at it and shivered. Maybe she should have put it back on, she though for a second and then looked up at Abby. "I don't know anything about my grandmother's affairs."
"Then you need to ask her about them," Abby said softly. "You will need to know so you can plan for the future."
Marjorie shivered hard. She had never thought about the future past a day or two in advance. There had never been a reason too beyond maybe a test or a special dinner. She said as much to Abby.
Abby nodded. "I can remember being that way when I was very young but as I grew older, dates and social occasions made me start planning my life. Then as high school came around, there were thoughts, plans, and dreams of the future."
"I seemed to have missed out on a few things," Marjorie said in a soft whisper.
"A few things?" Sandra said and then laughed. "Way more than a few things. You missed out on—"
"We can all figure out what she has missed," Frank said sharply to his sister.
"Maybe you should talk to her grandmother with her," Jake said to Abby.
Abby shook her head. "I don't think that would be a good idea. Her grandmother has obviously taken great care to shelter her and anyway, I'm just pre-law so I'm not nearly qualified. I might make things worse, not better."
Marjorie sighed deeply and nodded slowly. "I think I can handle grandmother. She isn't mean or anything, just protective as you said. If I ask questions at the right times, she might feel it is a new learning experience."
"If you need any help with questions, call me," Abby said.
"They don't have a phone," Frank told her.
"Oh, in that case, I guess it's all up to you," Abby said.
Marjorie nodded and got to her feet. "I appreciate your help and concern."
Sandra grinned as her eyes once again wandered over Marjorie's body. "And thank you for taking that nightgown off. I know what I'll dream about later this evening."
Marjorie blushed hotly as her eyes wandered over Sandra's body. "My dreams should be interesting also," she whispered and then looked at Frank as he stood up. "Are you going to walk me home?"
"My pleasure," Frank replied softly.
"Maybe I should go along as chaperon," Sandra said with a big grin.
"And I should have already swatted you on the nose with a newspaper," Frank said with a grin.
Sandra rolled over on her belly and lifted her hips. Her head was more or less between Abby's thighs. She wiggled her ass as she leaned her head down and licked the inside of Abby's thigh. Lifting her head, she looked over her shoulder at her brother. "Abby will protect my nose."
Abby squirmed and whimpered softly as Sandra licked her inner thigh again. When Sandra turned and grinned at her brother, Marjorie's eyes zeroed in on the lower part of Abby. Jake's hands on her bare breasts had drawn her attention until now. The blue windbreaker was open all the way down and skin showed everywhere.
Sandra turned her head back toward Abby and licked her inner thigh several times, her tongue moving farther up each time. Marjorie groaned deeply as a vision of a tongue on her clitoris crossed her minds eye. A finger was one thing but a tongue... She groaned even deeper.
Abby was watching Marjorie closely, as was Jake. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" He whispered to his girlfriend.
Abby nodded as she replied, "Never been kissed and never been licked."
Jake groaned softly, as did Sandra. "Be still my heart," she whispered softly as a look of pure lust crossed her pretty face.
Frank caught most of the conversation and shook his head. "Uh, I think it's time to go."
"But... but... but," Sandra said as she raised her ass and wiggled it side to side.
Jake laughed. "How many T's are there in those buts?"
Abby groaned and shivered. "Leave my butt out of this."
Frank took Marjorie's hand and turned toward the windbreak. "Like I said, time to go."
Sandra laughed. "Was it something I said?"
"Isn't it always," Frank replied as he stepped over the windbreak.
Abby chuckled and said, "She does have a big mouth."
"Not big enough for some things," Jake added with a grin.
As Marjorie stepped over the fence, Sandra groaned softly and Abby grinned. "Don't take us seriously and it was nice meeting you."
"Yeah, our pleasure," Jake said.
"If only..." Sandra said with a deep sigh.
Marjorie turned and looked at the three people and smiled shyly. "It was good to meet you also. Educational in a lot of ways." She shifted her hips from side to side feeling the slip and slide of her slippery inner and outer lips. "Stimulating also."
Abby grinned and winked at Sandra. "That would be you."
"Actually it was all three of you in one way or another," Marjorie said as she turned and started to walk away.
Frank had a grin on his face as he followed her, his eyes on her bare ass. She was still naked; the nightgown was wadded up in her right hand. "Yeah, stimulating is a good word."
Once they were out of sight around the end of the dune, Marjorie stopped and took a deep breath. She shivered hard and took Franks, right hand in her left. Without a word, she started to walk at an angle across the beach toward the edge of the surf.
They made a quarter turn to walk up the beach. Frank looked at the young woman next to him and sighed. The moon was bright and had lost the pinkish glow. "Like I said, you are very beautiful. You totally blew my sister's mind when you took off that nightgown."
"I probably shouldn't have done that but..." Marjorie said and then shivered. "I'm glad I did."
"Can I ask why?"
With a deeper shiver Marjorie whispered, "Your eyes on me was exciting when we first met. Three sets of eyes were even more exciting. Not to mention the looks on their faces." She paused and whimpered softly. "Their casual nudity surprised me at first but now I think I understand it. They love each other."
Frank chuckled. "As often as possible."
Marjorie's steps faltered as she looked up at him with a confused look on her face. "Emotional love is an always thing," she said and then her eyes got big. "Oh... you're, uh, talking physical love."
"That too," Frank said as he shook his head. "I should learn to keep my mouth shut."
"If you did, I wouldn't learn things," Marjorie whispered.
Frank grinned and then chuckled. "I could say so many things to that but none of them would be right."
Marjorie looked confused. "You would be lying?" She asked a moment later.
Frank looked at her quickly and then said, "Uh, no, not lies but inappropriate, not my place to say."
"Ah, like your sister," Marjorie said with a grin.
Frank chuckled. "Pretty much."
Marjorie paused in walking and looked at the dunes. She turned them at an angle and they walked towards the dunes. "I wish I could stay out longer but I'm afraid grandmother might miss me or come check on me for some reason."
"I'd love to spent more time with you myself," Frank said softly.
Marjorie looked at him out of the corner of her eyes. "I'm naked and you have your clothes on."
"Me taking mine off, might cause problems," Frank replied.
Her eyes dropped to the front of his shorts, and she frowned. They looked like normal shorts. That wasn't what she had expected. "Do, uh, I, uh, have an effect on you?"
Frank nodded. "Oh yeah," he whispered softly.
"I don't see any sign of that," she said and quickly added, "Not that I would actually know from personal experience. I've read about the affects of... Uh, you know."
Frank chuckled and nodded. "Oh yeah, I definitely know. I'm wearing my swimsuit under my shorts. They are keeping things under control, shall we say."
"Oh!" Marjorie said sharply. "I, uh, hadn't thought about that. I don't own any."
"You've already told me you don't own a swimsuit," Frank said and then figured out what she meant. "Oh, you don't own any underwear either."
"No, I've never needed any," she said with a light blush.
They reached the edge of the dunes and Marjorie stopped and turned toward Frank. "I think this is as far as you should come with me," she whispered.
Frank nodded. "I understand," he whispered in reply.
Marjorie took a moment to shake out her nightgown and then she started to slip it over her head. She paused and lowered it down. "I, uh, could I, uh, could you, uh," she stammered and then groaned as she closed her eyes, leaned her head back, and puckered her lips.
Frank stared at the young woman for a moment in confusion and then smiled as he bent forward and kissed her gently on the lips. He was about to break the kiss, when she moaned loudly, dropped the nightgown, and wrapped her arms around his neck. Now the kiss was total passion on her side and he should have had smoke coming out of his ears.
Somewhere along the line, his right hand ended up on the small of her back and his left hand was on her shoulder blades. She was bent backwards slightly. Suddenly her hips were jerking and flexing to a tune all their own. She was whimpering and moaning loudly as they did.
Frank ended up holding the young lady up, as her legs seemed to melt. She broke the kiss and leaned her forehead against his chest. She was breathing hard and fast. Her body was pressed up against his. Frank could not believe how hard and for how long she had came from just a kiss. It pretty much blew his mind.
Slowly over a period of time, her legs took more and more of her weight as her breathing slowed. She took a deep breath and groaned softly as she stepped back. "Is that, uh, does that," she tried to ask but then shivered and turned toward the cut between the dunes.
With her back to him, Frank picked up her nightgown and held out past her right shoulder. She took the gown and shivered as she shook it out. "I, uh, don't think that was supposed to happed," she whispered as she slipped the gown on.
"After the adventures you've had tonight and it being your first full kiss, I can see why it happened," Frank said softly as he put his hands on her shoulders.
Marjorie nodded. "Yeah, that's probably it."
Frank grinned as he leaned over and kissed her on the hair. "You be careful. You are a treasure and I hope whoever is your first is very caring and loving."
With that said, he took a step back and sighed. "Now, get your beautiful little tail in the house before I make a complete fool out of myself."
Marjorie giggled softly and whispered, "My knight in shining black armor."
When no reply came, Marjorie turned and looked behind her. Then she looked down the beach. She could just make out Frank walking away at a quick pace. She sighed and smiled as she turned toward the cut and walked towards her grandmother's house.
Nothing would ever be the same.