What mischief can I get up to now?
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
I came home and had a message on my voicemail. I didn't recognize the number, but the ID indicated it was the marketing department of Red Horizons. While I am unlikely to buy anything they sell, they might be calling about a marketing gig. When I listened, I was right. However, the marketing gig was bigger than I thought. They wanted me to show off their nanotech clothing. They left a number, so I called.
"Hello, Sales Logistics, Mark Welling speaking. How can I help you?"
"This is Becky Sue Tate, returning Sally Nazer's call. She called about hiring me."
"Oh yes, she's been expecting your call. Unfortunately, she has left for the day."
"Can you have her call me tonight? I have a movie script to study for shooting next month. We have daily meetings, so I don't know when you can get me during the day."
"I will send her a message."
"Thank you."
I wondered who this Sally was. I don't recall ever hearing of a Sales Logistics group at Red Horizons. A quick search on the internet didn't turn up anything on the department, and little on her, as there were over a dozen listed and none mentioned the company.
I got my dinner, and halfway through, I got a call.
"Hello."
"Hi, is this Becky Sue? This is Sally from Red Horizons."
"Hi there, this is Becky Sue. Glad we connected. What's up?"
"Product development has requested we generate some commercials, and get some in-person publicity on the prototype clothing you worked on. You were specifically recommended."
"I am very interested. What kind of timeframe are we talking about?"
"For the commercials, a few days should suffice. The publicity, however, would need a publicity tour, and could take several months."
"I might be able to get a few days in, but I am shooting a film soon, and that will take several weeks."
"I see. I'll have to check if we can delay for that, but I'm not sure if I can clear it."
"Wait a moment. The film is a fantasy, with magic, and I am playing an oversexed witch. Having a wardrobe that changes on screen could work well. Can you send someone down here? I can introduce them. If you send something for me to model, I think I could likely ensure the 'sale'. Also, we might be able to shoot a commercial Saturday to demonstrate it."
"That sounds interesting. I will see what I can do."
After she hung up, I sent a text to the producer saying I might have lined up a product placement that he would probably like to use, and he should call. I nearly finished dinner when he called.
"Helen, my gal, what have you got up your skirt?"
"Nothing, of course. I did some work for Red Horizons on some unique clothing. It changes shape and color according to what the wearer wants. They want to promo it. I thought if my wardrobe were to be seen changing on camera, it would make my witch, Elvira, seem even more magical. In the club scene, I could be dressed for one kind of club, but after I get in, my outfit could morph into one more suited to it. Also, I am pretty sure I could make it reveal my vagina when Big Tim pushes me against the wall. Think you could use something like that?"
"Wow! That could be hot! Think it can deliver?"
"I left when they got the main bugs worked out. And that version could do something like that. They have been working on it for nearly two more years. I am sure they have a much better version now."
"Sounds interesting. How soon can I see it?"
"I am hoping they can be here Saturday. Even better, if they show up Friday night, so I can practice."
"Okay. Let me know what happens."
"I shall."
Thursday night, I got a call from Tex.
"Hello, Becky Sue. I just got some good news. I get to be the technical rep for your little demo Saturday."
"Hey great. What's your plans?"
"I'm getting a red-eye, and will be there in the morning with the equipment. I have some photos to practice on."
"Great. Don't bother with a hotel; you can stay at my place, as we have several guest rooms and a great chef."
"Ooh! That sounds great. See you soon." I texted Filipe to let him know Tex would be staying here for a few days.
I'm not sure if he intended it, but I heard his taxi pull up as I was getting out of bed. I opened the door just before he was about to buzz the doorbell. He did a double take at my opening the door in the nude, but I just said, come on in. He pulled a hand-truck with his equipment, and carried a large suitcase with his clothes. I took the latter for him, and led him to the elevator.
"Here is your room. It has attached facilities. I'm going swimming for an hour, then breakfast. The coffee will be ready, and I'll make breakfast for us both."
"I thought you said you had a cook?"
"I do. She does lunch and dinner. She also does the shopping, so there is plenty of good stuff to eat, even some leftovers if you want. If you fall asleep, I'll wake you up then. Now to my swim." I left and headed downstairs by the stairway, then out back.
Tex had showered and changed by the time he followed the smell of the coffee. "How come are you wearing an apron?"
I smiled and said, "Bacon grease splatter."
"Oh! That could hurt."
"How do you want your eggs?"
"Over easy."
We were quiet for a bit, and then I came over laden with food. We each served ourselves from the pile of eggs, bacon, toast, corn muffins, orange juice, and grapefruit.
When we finished, I stood and said, "Well, I am ready to try on the new outfit. Shall we?"
We headed to his room. "Do you have an open space we can work in?"
"Sure, the gym will do." I then led him back to the elevator.
"This place is huge! Is it bigger than the house?"
"It extends below the back patio. There's plenty of room on the mat over there."
He parked the hand truck just off the mat. The first box held a thin belt with a large matte-green box on it. "Put that on first. It's the power and nanotech brain." He then pulled out a pair of long-toothed, metal combs. They did not have any handles. They were the same green color. "These are the receivers, and the teeth are the antennas for the neural net. Place them, so their teeth face out along your scalp at the top of your head. No, a little bit forward. Yeah, that's it."
"They're not connected?"
"That's okay. The nanotech sends up a hard line that splits and connects to them both. Now for the block." He handed me a simple remote. "Don't use this yet." He removed the top box and opened the lower one, revealing a large block. "I charged it up first thing. Is there a plug about? It's a power hog." I pointed to a nearby outlet in the floor. "Oh! I didn't see that." He plugged the box in. "This box has a directional antenna that tracks the belt for remote power. Very short range, but it solves the power problem. Don't worry; it's safe, even cleared by the FDA. But it works best if it has line of sight, and you don't move the block too fast. Otherwise, it has to hunt for the block, and it loses efficiency."
"Okay you're ready. Stand facing away from the box; and with the remote push 'command' then 'apply'. You can turn your head to watch."
I did as instructed, and looked over my shoulder as I hit the buttons. Suddenly, the large block in the box began to melt, and a stream headed directly for me. When my feet were surrounded, in a puddle about two feet in diameter, the puddle contracted and started climbing me. Tex described the process.
"The belt sends out a beacon the nanites home in on. First they get under it, and then they determine where the feet are and climb the legs. They are even smart enough to get under the feet."
"I noticed."
"They don't try to get under them all at once, but a little bit at a time. That uses the malleability of the flesh to push totally under you, while supporting you with the part not being pushed on. Now they cover your sex, and determine you need the female setting. When it gets to your breasts, it knows how to cover them, so your nipples don't show, unless you use a setting that allows it. The second pair are treated the same. We even tried it on a dummy with four pairs, and it handled it fine. Now it has detected your arms, and is seeking your neck. Found it. That tickle you feel is the thin line heading up to your pair of combs. Ah! Finally. That beep you heard was the remote acknowledging the nanotech unit is ready. Go ahead and walk about a bit and let me know when you are ready."
I handed the remote back, and then walked about the mat a bit, did a standing split, a headstand, and then walked back. "Ready."
Returning the remote, he said, "Push 'command' then 'learn'. Follow the on-screen instructions."
I did, and the instructions had me imagine various shapes, and then push a 'focused' button to record my mental activity when I was focused on that shape. After about twenty or thirty of these, it had me look at a forearm, so I could see a color. I pushed 'focused' when I thought about that color. I needed less than a dozen of these. Then the instructions indicated I was to wait while it processed the information.
"I see it's thinking. There is still a connection to the box, where a larger neural net is processing things. That can take a lot of power. Huh? That was fast."
"It should take longer?"
"Yes... wait a minute. You were the initial mind it trained on. As I recall, you had unusual clarity, and unusual focus. I guess the clean signal was easier to use, and also familiar. That's good. Okay, push 'command' then 'user' and say 'hello I am sexy tall and powerful', and push 'done'."
I did. "What was that for?"
"The system also supports audio input. It is now tuned to your voice as opposed to other voices in the area. The combs also pick up sound, allowing it to determine the voice is physically close as well as sounding like you. This way a twin or a recording won't easily set it off."
"Can they handle a sub vocalization?"
"Why?"
"When they film the commercial or movie, having me say something they have to cut, costs extra for special effects to paste an unmoving mouth, but if my mouth doesn't move, dampening the sound is cheap."
"Oh! Never thought of that. Push 'command' then 'user' again, but use your other voice. We'll see if it works."
I did, and then nodded. He asked for the remote, and handed me a small booklet of pictures. I looked at them all, then back at him.
"Select one, and say 'outfit' followed by the outfit name on the picture. Wait a moment while I get the mirror out."
After it was set up, I gave the command 'outfit office three'. I felt the nanites quickly shift, and suddenly I was in that outfit, even with the heels. Looking in the mirror, I saw I was dressed as a woman in middle management, with a hint of cleavage, and a dress that came to just below the knee. The outfit was in the same colors as the picture.
"Nice."
"Say 'outfit theme two'."
Curious. That changed the outfit colors and materials to something a little more upscale. Tex held up two fingers, and then changed them to three. I gave the command and the outfit changed, showing a lot more cleavage, and the skirt was just above the knee. Tex held up four fingers. That version barely held my upper breasts in, and I now wore a miniskirt.
"These themes are designed based on how casual and sexy you want to be. Look again at the photo. See the number in the upper left? That is how many themes are preprogrammed for the outfit. Go ahead and try more out. I'll sit for a bit, while you do that."
I did a few, and saw he was not paying much attention to me, so I did a few more. He still was not paying attention, so I did a few more. This time, when I looked, I realized he was sleeping. So I decided to do all the ones in the book. That took nearly an hour. Then I went over and woke him.
"Have a nice nap? I went through them all."
"Sorry. Didn't realize the red-eye would be so tiring. So, let me get book two." He dug into a pocket and pulled out a phone. A few taps later, he handed it to me.
I recognized one of my Nigkala outfits, and laughed. "You put these in also?"
"I had to do some digging, but I think I got all your main outfits. Definitely the important ones. The themes are different outfits for that character, rather than versions of the same outfit. Go for it. I think I'll stay awake for these."
"You may not, but your dick will." He chuckled. So I did one or two of each character before swiping to the next character. For the Nigkala combat outfit, it even had weapons that I could draw. They weren't sharp, but wow. From a distance, you wouldn't know that.
"Think I can add two, with a variant?"
"Sure... Why?"
"I mentioned a particular scene to the director, and I would like to set things up, so I can show him."
"Okay, here's the remote. Push 'command' then 'remove'." When I did, the suit flowed off me into a small puddle, then streamed into the box and became the block. After it was all in, I called Cindy and had her bring the outfits.
Cindy came and said, "Becky Sue, here are the outfits." She held them out to me and I took them, and then she left.
"How do I input them?"
"Put on the first one, and I'll use the other remote to take a hologram of it." After he took the pic, I put the second one on in the 'flirty' mode. When that pic was taken, I adjusted the outfit to the 'naughty' mode where my vagina was clearly on display. Finally, we took a 'lust' mode where my breasts were visible also.
"This will take a while to process. We already have your body measurements, so we don't need a nude of you as well. In the meantime, why not grab a coffee."
"Don't have any of that down here, but there are some bottled drinks in the fridge over there." We went over and each grabbed one.
"You have this soda with your healthy drinks?"
"Actually, that is one of several I like. It is the healthy stuff that is the oddity. It is mostly there for guests. I will sometimes use one if I feel I overdid it, or want a change of pace. Filipe also likes them more. I can tell he had a good workout if he grabs a soda. The healthy drinks are more for when he feels the workout was merely okay."
"I just heard a ding. It is finished processing. Shall we?"
I got back, and Tex told me I could skip the learning stage and go directly to the wearing stage. I walked over to the big mirror I pulled out, and then activated the nanites. I called Cindy again, and she came down and recorded the transition from my phone. I then asked Tex's assistance for an enactment of the scene. He didn't want his face to be seen, or his voice heard, so we shot it over his shoulder and I did all the talking, including the stage direction. We reviewed the video, and he said it was okay to show the film people as a way to sell it, but I couldn't let it get out. I promised to not let it leave my phone.
We then packed up, and went out on the town. I texted the producer, and he could see us at two. I showed him the video, and he really liked it. I asked Tex if he and the director could come on set at the commercial shoot. Tex passed on the request with his recommendation. Everyone was surprised when Tex's phone rang. It was the one in charge of the shoot, and she insisted we stop by for a bit. So details were exchanged, and we agreed to see each other the next day.
After we got home, I went swimming and Tex watched. Eventually, I convinced him to join me. He looked around, and decided no one was there, so undressed and joined me in the nude. When it was time for dinner, Cindy came out to set the patio table in the nude. Tammy, in her uniform, brought out the food. Filipe, also in the nude, brought out the drinks. Tex was quite embarrassed when he realized everyone was there. The rest of us were completely relaxed because it was something that happened regularly.
Filipe said, "Tex, relax. No one here cares if you are wearing clothes or not. I know the ladies like looking. If you want sex, my wife, or Cindy, will be glad to be your partner. If you just want to watch, you can do that as well."
"Yes, Tex. You're with friends. No worries here."
Tex chose to get dressed anyway. After dinner, Tex chose to head to bed, as he had had a long day. Filipe said goodnight even as he was doing Cindy. I walked him to his room, verifying the wake-up call. On the way back, I alerted Tammy that we would need coffee early.
The commercial shoot had a lot of extras and four sets. As one pair of sets was being dressed, we filmed in the other. The extras were dressed to suit the set. Between each pair of sets, I walked a short distance against a brick background, with the camera on me the whole time. I would describe a situation where I had no time to change between work and the evening party, and then I walked between the office and rave sets, giving my command to change the outfit. By the time I was in the rave set, I was dressed for it. We did at least a dozen pairs of scenes using the set pairs.
The producer and director of the film stayed and watched two of the scenes before leaving. The commercial's director was satisfied all went well. After the shoot, Tex indicated he would be in town a few days, as he was taking vacation to visit. He told me he even had permission to see what I could do with the unit. I told him he was welcome to stay at my place.
After breakfast the next day, we met in the gym. "So, what kind of limits do I have to play?"
"I asked, and they said you could do anything, as they felt that whatever you do, we'll likely learn something."
"Hm. You remember my 'other' mental abilities?"
"Uh, what would that have to do with...? Oh! You think you can tap into the neural net?"
"Worth a shot. I'm thinking I can think of a pattern, and then let it read the pattern, and as it processes it, I can guide it to the correct answer. Do this enough times, and maybe I can train it to read my mental images directly."
"Oh man, I so hope you make it work. I need to get my laptop from my room. I'll be right back." While he was gone, I set the room to record. He came back quickly.
"I need to set some things up." He banged away at it a few minutes before he was ready. "I had to clone it, to ensure the current knowledge is saved. We don't want to lose that. I also needed to set some training safeties to ensure we don't have a problem."
I waited until he relaxed and stopped typing. "You ready yet?"
"What? Oh, yeah. Go for it."
"I'll start simple." I called for 'Tina One' which was from 'Lilith Ascends'. It was essentially a single color outfit. "I want to try changing the color by thinking the word color, then the color I want the outfit to be. I will say the word, and think it for a while. I want you to wait several seconds, before telling the system to capture my thoughts currently. Then you tell me to think of a color, and I will say ready and think it. Again, wait a bit to capture it, and tell me when. Then I'll call forth the color sleeve to select the color I was thinking of. We'll do that a few times, and then let it calculate a bit. The next step will be to select an area on the outfit by thought alone, and get it to read it and compare it with a finger-drawn version. Let's see where that gets us."
"Okay. That's going to take a lot of computation."
"I may be able to assist with that, but at least we can see if I can change the color on a selected part of clothing. Ready?" I saw him nod. "Color." And I waited for him.
"Got it."
I thought of a color, green, and said, "Ready."
"Got it."
I brought out the sleeve control, and selected the color green I was thinking of.
"Selected color noted. Next."
"Color."
We did about fifty of these before we went on to the area selection. I felt this needed more examples, so we did a lot more examples. We broke for lunch while it thought about stuff.
After lunch, we tried it out, and found it seemed fairly decent. We moved onto more complex ideas. One of the ideas I wanted was for a full facemask and a helmet. That took a lot of work by Tex, as he had to add an alternate set of parameters to allow the nanites to go above the neck. Eventually we got it to work reliably, without obstructing my breathing. Getting elf ears or alien antennae was a lot easier. Eventually, we managed to generate several popular cosplay characters, and also were able to transition easily between them. We even did a few random characters on the fly to see how well the routine was working. Since I used reference images for all of these, we also included copies of them so that a later analysis could get even better at reading my thoughts.
To help the calculation process, I tried to connect with the neural nets. The ones in the combs were too small to have significant interaction. The one in the box, however, I was able to tap into. I tried to assist its evaluation by indicating what I saw as more significant and less significant about its readings. Because it was using recordings of my brainwaves, I was even able to 'read' them a little, so I could 'advise' the computation. We got a lot farther than Tex thought we would in the few days he was here.
Two days before shooting, I was told we would try the nanotech for my outfits. Tex again came, but with his wife. They chose to stay in town, so they would not be as exposed to my sexuality, or perhaps it was the nudity. Tex got to watch the shoot, and was dismayed at how much setup was needed compared to the time on film. I assured him it was fairly normal. With the sex scenes, he found himself very aroused. I told him that means I was doing a good job. I suggested he see his wife before dinner. Some of the scenes needed adjustment to allow the power supply to transmit sufficient power to the unit, but usually there was enough time between takes to fully recharge.
When the director realized how much I could control the clothing, he pushed me to do little things that made the clothes seem even more magical. I worked with Tex to incorporate shiny metallic pieces into the outfit. The nanites needed to know how to show or hide a shiny bit of metal on command. We worked several evenings, but we got it to work. Getting it to then work with jewels was simple. These effects made the clothes even more magical. Tex and I also worked on an animated image that moved about the clothes. When the director saw it, he loved it, and frequently had one of the five different images slowly move on the outfit. As one was a cat, I asked Tex if we could have the nanites become a 3D cat. More work, and we got it to work, as long as the cat was attached. This meant I could have the image of the cat become three-dimensional and sit on my lap.
We decided it was time to show the director. "John, Tex and I have something interesting to show you."
"Oh? What magic is it this time?"
"Watch the cat image as I sit." I grabbed a chair and sat. When it came to my stomach, I gave the command, and suddenly, it filled out into a cat sitting in my lap, purring. I was actually the one purring, but I don't think he realized. Also, the cat was calico, just like the image. And when he reached out to it, I stopped purring, and the 'cat' turned its head to him. He pulled his hand back, and the cat went back to purring.
"Tex, she plays a witch, but this magic has to be from you. How the hell did you manage this?"
"The 'cat' is still attached, and it would be too much work to make one that can detach. Perhaps in the future. As to the creature, it is just another animation, but in three dimensions. Its reaction is also triggered by Becky Sue's commands. For scripted movement, like this film, you can predefine all you need. Making it autonomous would need a lot more computing power, and is far outside what this unit can do."
"You also use a fox image. Can you do that?"
"I don't know if there are sufficient nanites to cover her and make a live-looking fox. The bird or mouse, however, could happen. But using them in the film would need their own special effects, or live stand-in. A cat familiar can be expected to hang about the witch, but if you want, we can use a live stand-in, and update the animated cat to match."
The next day, we learned the script was changed to have my 'cat' make several appearances. Tex and I worked to get the cat to follow the script, with me cuing it. One of the more creepy scenes he added, was to have a bird arise from my shoulder as I am having sex, and the bird watches a bit before silently going back into the shoulder.
We didn't need any more tweaks for the rest of the shoot. Tex went back home with the unit. I did another two days of commercials for them, and about five months later, came the promo tour. They even included some cosplay conventions.
The first cosplay convention, I learned they had cut a deal with the film people, as they used some carefully-edited scenes that showed the outfit doing magical things. Then I came out in the outfit at the beginning of the clip, and before their very eyes, my outfit did what they just saw in the clip. They had their talking head (marketing person) tell a little about the system, and what it could do. We quickly realized he was losing the audience, so I tapped him on the shoulder and asked for the mike.
"Let me explain it by example. You there, you look like Starbuck from Battlestar Galactica. Check this out." This character was on my list I had preloaded, as it was popular these days. I gave the mental command, and two seconds later, I wore the uniform of a colonial warrior, complete with weapon belt and blaster. "Adama might think I am Starbuck."
There were a number of 'oohs' and 'ahs'. I quickly moved on. "Here's a number I think some will recognize." I gave the command for Obsidian's outfit. "This was an easy one, I know well." The audience loved it. "How about this one?" I gave another outfit change, and I was Iron Woman, complete with red and gold facemask. The audience quickly recognized it. "As you can see, you can do just about any outfit you want. Pulling it off, however, will require your acting skills." I went back to my witch, Elvira's outfit. "While this nanotech might be out of your price range, you can see the potential it has in movies. The future is now, and we can film it. Ultraviolet's heroine had color changing outfits and hair. We can do more." I then activated the moving image of the bird, and after it made two circuits, it went to my shoulder and became three-dimensional. It then apparently cawed. Tex had added a speaker to the belt, so the unit could make sounds. After looking about a few more seconds, it went back into the outfit as a picture that circled once, then disappeared.
"You have seen some of what it can do. Imagine what you will see in films now. If enough of you write the film production companies saying you want them to use it, they will. Then you will see great new movies. Likewise, the writers can imagine even more tricks to make this technology even more powerful in the movies. Thank you." I then handed the mike back.
My little presentation made the national papers. The PR guy's talk was barely acknowledged. Poor guy, but he was man enough to cut his losses, and go with what works. Future demonstrations had him still doing the talking, but he was describing what I did with the outfit, and along the lines I had initially done. This also affected the other conventions where technology was king rather than characters. They wanted to see the tech in operation, and usually selected popular characters I either played, or other characters currently popular with this crowd. Again, the PR guy had to change stuff a bit, but he got to talk more about the nuts and bolts of the technology, as this crowd understood it better.
This publicity tour finished just before the premiere, so I asked if I could use it there. They decided why not. I spoke with Tex to set up a surprise. I told everyone I would be there at five sharp. I got there at four, and activated the perfect camouflage surprise. I was standing in the corner of the wall just off the red carpet, and the outfit looked like the wall. It went straight up eight feet, and then curved in for seven more feet. If you weren't looking for it, you didn't notice it, and no one was looking. The camouflage also extended on the ground to where I would stand, and provided a lumpy surface to discourage others from standing there.
Fifteen minutes before, the paparazzi began arriving. Ten minutes before, other cast members started to arrive. One minute to go, and I was the last one expected to show, and there was no sign of me. When it was time, I activated the smoke pellet I had in my hand, and before the smoke cleared, the outfit changed to my Elvira outfit and I stepped forth from the smoke. At least two paparazzi got it all. The power unit was nearby, to the side, disguised as a full trash can. A few months later, I shared an award with Red Horizons for technology in film, as well as an award for costuming. Seems I still had the golden touch.
After the premiere, when Tex picked up the unit, he asked, "What are you planning to do next?"
"Actually, I have an idea I want to explore with Red Horizons."
"What might that be?"
"Remember my previous movie where I played Obsidian?"
"Yes."
"Creating those extra arms and controlling them led me to start a company that makes prosthetic limbs. Right now, it is one of many such companies, and does not have much beside my celebrity endorsement. Your nanotech has a control system that drives its actions. Imagine if that control system was applied to the prosthetics? They could have smoother control, finer detail, and more. The quality of life would be improved significantly for those using them."
"That sounds like a great idea."
"It could also be used for remote operation in a laboratory or even from orbit."
"Oh! That will interest them."
"And lastly, it would let my character have an even more realistic second pair of arms."
"Aha! The true reason emerges."
"I admit it started the ball rolling, but it is not sufficient reason to develop it. The other uses, however, do provide that reason. And having robotic arms on a remote platform would allow your Mars trip more freedom to do what is needed safely."
"I can pass word up the chain."
"Can you get me the contact info for Mr. Madison, the project's accountant? I want to submit a formal business to business request to develop and license the technology."
"I can get you that. As I recall, he was a fan of Obsidian."
"You recall correctly. That's why I want to go through him for my contact."
"I'll send you the info once I get back to the office."
We spoke for a few more minutes, and then he left. I then went to my prosthetic company and spoke to them about my idea. They felt the idea was great, but they didn't have the finances to make it happen, as research is expensive. I told them I would be investing a significant amount of cash to make it happen. Also, Red Horizons would share the cost as they could use it, as well. After explaining the remote control aspect, they agreed it would help. So after a few hours, we came up with a proposal that we sent to legal to process. A week later, the letter was sent, along with a personal letter from me to Mr. Madison.
It took nearly a month, but the reply was encouraging. By that time, I had been generating cash by creating gems and precious metals and converting them to cash all over the world. I then sent that cash through different accounts, eventually into one. I got involved in several face-to-face meetings, and we eventually came to an agreement. Two weeks later, I was reunited with the team that developed the interface. I was also able to get the same apartment, much to my delight.
"Gentlemen, as part of our agreement, I have brought a pair of arms, and the control schematics. Our goal is to combine this unit with your mental interface and have the user control the arms. Red Horizons wants remote operation. My company wants superior prosthetic control. I want to be able to control a second pair of arms for when I play the character Obsidian. My desire can only happen if we get the first two, and if we get the first two, my desire should be quite easy. So let us get to work."
The team lead said, "Ms. Tate, welcome back. Be assured, we have been informed, and support your goals. I, myself, have a cousin that uses a prosthetic arm. He lost it in an accident, and ever since, he has complained about his replacement arm being so limited. When we get this working, I intend on upgrading his prosthetic."
"Bet he still complains."
"No bet. I know him too well. But he will be much happier, I think."
"I also have a list of our patients that have indicated a willingness to help prototype. When we get to that stage, we can contact them with specifics."
Over the next few days, the specifications, and schematics, and so on were entered into their systems. Their engineers analyzed everything, and came up with the requirements needed to satisfy the goal. The interface team worked with me to begin the mental training of the interface, since I was already quite familiar with it, and it with me. In two weeks, the engineering team had adapted the pair of arms I brought to be controlled by their system. Getting the gross movement took only a week, but getting the fine movements, took nearly two months before they started to come.
My own goal was to be able to sign my name remotely. This required more than just fine control. It also needed feedback, and coordination of a number of processes. As I already had a system for sensing a real arm, we revised it to provide feedback. At four months, I had started the process of signing up volunteers with varying levels of need. We started developing a feedback system that did not depend on having an arm. Our initial method was to use an existing arm or leg. But we also began work using an alternate location. At the six-month mark, I was able to sign my name legibly. At this point, we claimed the lab arms ready. But we still needed volunteers to develop the unit as a replacement, as opposed to a duplicate.
The neural net also learned how to apply just enough pressure so that it could safely shake hands, or pick up a flower without damaging it. Realizing that this unit would also be cloned many times for others, I was careful to develop a written signature different from my own. This way, I would not have to worry about others signing things in my name and having it be accepted.
The first volunteers were the least impaired, as we wanted to work our way up to full replacement. As time went by, we pulled in volunteers with greater and greater impairments. I continued to work with the team to refine the control, and I also started to work on Obsidian's arm control. By the time a year had passed, we had achieved our goals, including mine for Obsidian. I turned over my part to the company sales division, and they made some commercials with the initial volunteers.
I spoke to the team lead, and said, "Have you spoken to your cousin about this?"
"No. Company policy prohibits it until it is promoted."
"Well, without your help, this would have taken a lot longer, so call me when you are set to buy the upgrade. I'll smooth the way, so he gets it quick."
"Thank you. I'm sure there will be a large demand."
"I expect so, but I'll ensure that most of the initial units are sold by need and not simply by who was first. Even so, existing patients will get preference for the units, not allocated by need."
"Getting governmental approval will be a chore."
"I know, and I'm already on that. The volunteer data is already being compiled for submission, and this is more a control update than a mechanical update, so that side of things will be quick. I figure three to six months before it gets provisional approval. And when we have the required years' worth of data, I figure no more than two months to get full approval."
"You are an optimist."
"Perhaps, but I have some experience with red tape. And the need is there."
We talked for nearly a half hour before I finally left. I packed up my apartment, and shipped a lot of stuff home, but I booked a bed and breakfast near DC, as I was going to work on the Veterans Administration and the Food and Drug Administration. At the VA, I promoted our upcoming product, and worked to get them to approve its use on their people once the FDA approved it. Meanwhile, at the FDA, I did all I could to get them all the information they needed, and to ensure that they worked expeditiously. The VA approval came in two months, and the FDA approval another two months later.
While some noted I was often seen with some VA administrators, I stayed away from the FDA scientists evaluating things. I did not want any question to arise from that. Most of the attention, however, was on how many veterans I was seen with. While we were discreet, word soon passed that I was ensuring the disabled had a good time, and thus they became supporters of the idea.
Finally, I returned home, where I soon reprised one of my roles, but for an animated film. I caught up with Filipe and my family, telling them all about my adventures. When I told Filipe I wanted to explore the nearby desert for a few weeks, he asked why. I told him that my research suggested Death Valley might be a good location for restoring the talisman.
But that is another story...