Hello reader,
Before we got on with the story, there are a few things I should say. First off, English isn't my native tongue. Secondly, I've had a few guys reach out to me, asking me to send drafts of my stories, so they can give me feedback, but since they then haven't bothered to respond once they got the draft, this will be an unedited story. Please forgive any grammatical errors. I've done what I can, but some will unfortunately slip through.
I've also made a few attempts at finishing a story to publish here, but writing erotica can be 'hard' (pun intended). So, if anyone wants to help me with editing and discussing the stories I'm working on, you'd make a young girl very happy. :)
Lastly, this story contains public nudity, public sex, incest, voyeurism and rough sex. If any of these themes offend you, please hit 'back' on your browser and read something else. The idea for the story is based on an idea a guy in the Literotica chat suggested we role play. We never got around to role playing, but this is my interpretation of his idea. I hope you enjoy.
********
Anna felt a slight tingle as she parked her car. Having just turned 19 she was about to start her first day on her new job. She had held a few summer jobs before, so starting a new job wasn't new for her. What made her nervous though was what she was going to be doing for a living.
The week before she had gotten an interview for a position at a resort. She had imagined it'd be a cushy job. On the interview though, the woman interviewing her, a woman in her late 30s called Lucy, had told her that the resort was an all-nudist resort. Lucy had also told Anna that it required the staff to work nude. Anna had nodded at that, understanding the reasoning that it might be uncomfortable being nude around people wearing clothes.
Anna's parents had been liberal free spirited people, and she had grown up to be comfortable with her body, and that nakedness wasn't something to be ashamed of. She had hesitated about being naked at work though, but she figured that she'd get used to it. Anna was a petite girl with a pretty average body, apart from her large breasts. She had long jet black hair, and dark brown eyes. With her body and specially her breasts, she was used to getting looked at by strange men, but in a crowd of naked people, she figured she'd blend right in.
Lucy had been mysteriously vague about the job description. Anna would be working as a "towel girl" and told her that her job would be to provide the visitors with towels and "making sure they had a pleasant stay". Lucy had also told her that the resort had an age limit, and that all the visitors were 18 or older. Having policies wasn't strange to Anna, but she had quietly wondered why the age limit had been put in place. She had merely nodded though, thinking it had something to do with serving alcohol or something.
Before coming to the interview, Anna had googled the name of the resort, to see what kind of place it was, and what kind of reputation it had online. She hadn't found anything online though, which sounded strange to her. The few staff members she had met during the interview had seemed friendly enough, and the pay was extremely good, so she decided to give it a try.
Lucy met up with Anna as she entered the lobby. Anna had been too nervous to really notice it during their interview but now she got a good look at Lucy, and she was actually really beautiful. Lucy was tall and had a toned body. Her blonde hair was tied up in a pony tail, but what really drew Anna's attention was her warm smile.
During their last meeting Lucy had seemed formal and stiff, but this time she radiated positivism and Anna felt at ease as Lucy welcomed her and took her inside and walked Anna back to her office.
"There's a locker room back there," Lucy said, pointing to a door behind Anna. "You can take off your clothes in there, and there are lockers to keep your valuables safe. For privacy reasons I'm going to have to ask you to keep your cell phone locked in there as well," she continued and Anna nodded.
"I completely understand," Anna replied. "I guess people don't come here to have pictures taken of them while... you know... naked".
"Yeah, no. Not really," Lucy said and Anna suddenly sensed apprehension in Lucys voice. "About that.. I'm also going to need you to sign this," Lucy said producing a non-disclosure agreement.
"This resort strives to keep an open mind. We want our visitors to feel free to enjoy themselves while they're here," Lucy said as Anna read the paper in front of her.
"However they want to, with whom ever they want to," Lucy continued. Anna stood there in silent shock, pretending to keep reading the NDA as the implications of what Lucy had just said sank in. Was she talking about sex? She eventually looked up at Lucy and swallowed hard.
Lucy gave her a warm smile.
"Sorry, that might have come out the wrong way," Lucy said holding up her hands disarmingly. "Everything that happens here is naturally consensual and the visitors are told, in no uncertain terms that we won't hesitate to press charges if we find out that anyone, staff included feel pressured in any way to do something they're not willing to," Lucy said and Anna breathed a big sigh of relief. Lucy then walked up to Anna and looked her deep in the eye.
"We take the safety and well-being of the staff very seriously here, Anna," Lucy said and Anna instantly felt much safer. "If anything happens, that you feel uncomfortable with, I want you to talk to me directly," Lucy continued and put her hand on Anna's shoulder.
Anna nodded and couldn't help but smile. She fought back the thought of what Lucy might look like naked and cleared her throat.
"I will," she said and signed the NDA, handing it to Lucy who smiled back.
"Now go in there and lock up your clothes and any valuables," Lucy said pointing at the locker room. "Then you can go left, down the hall and you will see a sign that says 'beach area'. There's a blonde girl called Linda working there today, she'll show you the ropes. Good luck Anna, and welcome to our little family."
Anna smiled and nodded before walking to the locker room. There was a full length mirror in there and a few benches. She took her clothes off and looked at herself in the mirror. As she looked down she felt a little self-conscious as she saw her bare shaven pussy, and her large breasts. Anna had been with a couple of boyfriends before, and she wasn't shy about her body, but being naked in a non-sexual context was going to be a challenge for her. After a moment she looked up, and stared herself in the eyes.
"You can do this," she whispered to herself and took a deep breath before following the sign to the beach.
It was still pretty early in the morning so the beach was empty, and Anna could only see a couple of people laying on towels sun bathing. She then saw a stand with a big sign saying "Towels", where a girl was busy sorting towels and bottles.
She looked to be about Anna's age. Something about her reminded Anna about Lucy. She had a similar body and the same skin tone, and her hair was tied up in a similar pony tail. Anna caught herself looking at the girls naked body, when the girl looked up and noticed her. She had the same warm smile as Lucy when she waved for Anna to come over.
"Hi. Are you Linda?" Anna asked and the girl nodded.
"You must be Anna," Linda said and gave her a hug, and at first Anna was a little stunned, but Lindas warm personality and friendly manner won Anna over, and she hugged her back.
Linda showed Anna the ropes, telling her that as a towel girl, her job mostly consisted of making sure the visitors had fresh towels, and where to put the used towels so other staff on cleaning duty could round them up. Linda also showed her around, introducing Anna to the other staff members. Linda seemed like such a fun person, and she had an infectious laugh that Anna almost forgot that she was naked. Perhaps this wouldn't feel so strange after all.
During the 'tour' they walked past Lucy's office. The door was closed and Anna thought she heard moaning sounds coming from inside. Linda didn't seem to make anything of it, and Anna didn't think it would be appropriate to ask. It did however remind her of what Lucy had said during the interview about how the staff were expected not to mind with whom the visitors enjoyed themselves. Was Lucy in there with a visitor? Or a staff member? Anna couldn't remember seeing a wedding ring on Lucys fingers, so it wasn't her husband making her moan like that.
Anna tried to push the thought of someone fucking Lucy from her mind as she and Linda continued the tour. They eventually came back to the stand on the beach and by now there were a few more visitors laying in the sand, and even a few in the water.
"Any questions so far?" Linda asked and Anna bit her lower lip as she thought back on Lucys mysterious words and the moaning sounds Anna had heard from her office. Maybe it wasn't right to start asking questions about that kind of things on the first day. Anna was about to say no when she looked over Lindas shoulder and saw something that made her jaw drop.
About 30 meters away she saw a man laying on his back. From that distance it was hard to guess, but at a glance she estimated that he was around 40 years of age. He seemed to be quite fit, and had long dark hair and a goatee. Standing beside him on all fours was a woman, clearly younger than him. She had her head between his legs and was giving him a blowjob. Her head was bobbing up and down quite furiously on his hard cock which looked enormous, even from a distance.
"Oh my god," Anna whispered staring at the scene before her.
"What is..." Linda started to ask and turned to look at what had caught Anna's attention. "Oh, that? That's mister Evans and his girlfriend," she said smiling.
"Hello, mister Evans," Linda called out loud and waved at the man as he turned his head to look over at Linda and Anna.
"Hello Linda," he called back and then said something to the woman sucking his cock, and without stopping what she was doing, she raised her hand and waved at Linda and Anna.
Suddenly mister Evans jerked and the woman held her head still. Anna realized he was cumming in her mouth. Her first impulse was to be repulsed by what she was watching, but to her surprise she instead felt her pussy tingle. The woman then lay down next to him, as if nothing had happened.
Linda grabbed a fresh towel and walked over to the couple and Anna had a hard time tearing her eyes from mister Evans' cock. It was still hard, and glistened with his girlfriends saliva as Linda walked over and talked to him. Another man, also in his early 40s by Anna's estimate, came up to Anna with a smile. This man had a clean-shaven head and a kind face, and Anna even surprised herself by not even glancing down at his crotch.
"Hi there, you new here right?" the man asked and Anna nodded.
"Yeah. This is actually my first day. I'm Anna," she replied and held out her hand.
"Nice to meet you Anna. I'm Mitch," the man said and shook her hand. "Well, I'll let you get on with your work. Welcome to the family," Mitch added and tipped his head before walking on.
'Wow,' Anna thought. 'Everyone's so friendly. And so good-looking'. She turned to look over where mister Evans had been laying before. Only the towel remained though, and Anna could see mister Evans walking towards one of the cabins on the beach. On one side of him was his "girlfriend" and on the other side was Linda. Mister Evans had a hand on either girls butt cheek and was squeezing them freely, before leading the girls inside.
Anna walked over to where he had been laying, not really sure what she was feeling. There was no doubt in her mind Linda was going to get fucked by that huge cock of his, and Anna knew she should feel appalled by it. After all, he was probably old enough to be her father. Then again, Anna's first time had been with someone older than her, so who was she to judge. Maybe she was being jealous? No, surely it couldn't be jealousy? She grabbed the used towel and walked back, throwing it in the assigned bin as the whirlwind of thoughts passed through her. She was so pre-occupied that she barely noticed as Lucy came up to her. It took Anna a few seconds to register that Lucy was naked, and she swallowed hard, trying to keep herself from staring.
Lucy looked absolutely breath taking. She had been beautiful before, but Anna had to admit, her perky breasts, flat stomach and her thin strip of pussy hair made her a bomb shell. Lucy smiled as she came up to Anna. Was she always smiling, Anna thought and cleared her mind to focus on what Lucy was telling her.
"It's not everywhere you get to see your boss naked, is it?" Lucy said with a wink and Anna giggled.
"Hey, I wouldn't make the staff do anything that I wouldn't do myself," Lucy continued. Remembering the moaning sounds from earlier Anna couldn't help but wonder if there was a hidden meaning in what Lucy was saying, or if she was merely referring to being naked among the visitors. Maybe it's just me being unused to the nature of this place, Anna thought as she smiled back at Lucy.
"Soo, everything going well I hope?" Lucy asked and Anna nodded.
"Yeah, Linda showed me around, so I think I got a handle on things," she replied.
"That's really good to hear. Listen, we're actually a little short on staff today," Lucy said with a pleading look. "Would you mind going inside and clearing the second and third floors?" Linda had explained earlier that normally that duty fell on another part of the staff, but it had seemed easy enough to Anna. Go through all the rooms and make sure the bathrooms had clean towels, pick up the used ones and make a note of which rooms needed new towels. Easy peasy.
"I'm on it boss," Anna said, happy to show initiative on her first day and Lucy seemed genuinely relieved.
"Thanks so much," Lucy said and surprised Anna with a hug. "I'll be sure to send someone to cover for you. I'd do it myself, but I have a meeting that I'm already late for," she added and actually giggled as she handed Anna the master key card to the rooms that she'd need before walking back to the main building, managing to walk fast without seeming to be in a rush. She even took time to stop and exchange a few words with one of the visitors before moving on.
She sure is a force of nature, Anna thought and smiled to herself as she started walking up the main building too.
The first three rooms Anna checked turned out to be unoccupied, and she grinned thinking she'd finish this task in a jiffy. When she came to the fourth room however she stopped dead in her tracks outside the room. She could clearly hear the definite sounds of a woman moaning. No, wait. There were two distinctly different female moans emanating from the room.
Anna was no stranger to lesbian sex, but she had to take a deep breath to stay calm, and she cleared her throat before knocking on the door.
"House keeping," she called out and waited a few seconds.
"Come in," she heard a male voice call out to her, catching her off guard. How many people were in that room, she wondered silently as she used her key card to open the door and walked inside.
"Sorry to disturb you, I just wanted to see if you needed any..." Anna said. She had really wanted to finish the sentence, but the scene she walked in on made her fall silent.
On a king-size bed lay a brunette Anna had met earlier. She was part of the staff, and Linda had introduced Anna to her before, but for the life of her, Anna couldn't remember her name. She didn't seem to mind however as she was occupied with groping her huge breasts and staring up into the ceiling, moaning as her pussy was being licked by another brunette laying between her legs. Neither girl seemed to pay Anna much attention.
Opposite the bed was a chair, where a man sat facing away from the door, seemingly the one telling Anna to come in. Like mister Evans and Mitch that she had met earlier, Anna guessed that this man was around 40 years old, and he seemed to be really fit. He had short brown hair and looked well-groomed.
What caught Anna's attention however was the massive cock he was stroking as he sat there watching the two girls. It was easily 10 inches long and thick.
"Come in, come in," he said, letting go of the thick shaft and waving Anna closer as he turned his head to see who had come in.
"Towels..." Anna said almost in a whisper, finishing her earlier sentence. She took a few steps forward, not really knowing where to look. Neither seeing two girls having sex, or a guy stroking his huge cock watching them was something she had expected to see when she woke up that morning.
"Beautiful, aren't they?" she heard the man ask her, and Anna nodded. Both the girl from the staff, and the other girl using her tongue on her pussy were truly beautiful girls.
"I'm sorry, where are my manners," the man then added and stopped stroking himself and got up from the chair. "My name is Max," he continued and held out his hand. "This is my daughter Ava," he then said indicating the girl on the bed.
"A-anna... Pleased to meet you," Anna said struggling to comprehend the scene in front of her as she gently took Max' hand.
"Feel free to stay a moment, if you like," Max said with a confident smile. "Ava really enjoys being watched, that's part of why we come here, and I sure wouldn't mind either," he added, openly looking up and down Anna's body.
"I.. I think I should just check the towels in your bathroom," Anna replied nervously. A part of her wanted to get down on her knees and feel what a monster cock like Max' felt like inside her mouth, but another part of her told her to do what she came here for, service the rooms with towels.
"I understand," Max said the smile never leaving his face. "Feel free to drop by anytime," he added and sat back down.
Anna walked inside the bathroom, and she gripped the sink as her knees almost gave way and her head was spinning. Was Max really that girls father? She tried to calm herself down and splashed some water on her face and giggled at the irony of using Max and Avas towel to dry herself off. Her thoughts kept creeping back to Max' cock and her pussy tingled at the thought of what a cock like that could do to her.
She eventually calmed down and left the bathroom. She told herself she really meant to walk out of the room, but instead she just stood there. By now, the girls had switched places and Ava was on her back and the other girl was eagerly licking her pussy. Anna frowned as she still couldn't remember her name.
She then looked over at Max who smiled knowingly at her. This time he didn't stop stroking his cock but tilted his head, signaling for her to come closer. Against her better judgment Anna walked up to him, staring at his cock as if she couldn't tear her eyes off of it.
"You like what you see, huh?" Max asked her, and she felt him lay a gentle hand on her hip. Fearing that she'd say something stupid if she opened her mouth Anna merely nodded.
"Me too," Max said and started to caress her, slowly moving his hand up her side. "You remind me of my wife when she was younger," he continued. Anna finally looked away from his cock and met his eyes.
Max still smiled and there was a hunger in his eyes, but somehow he seemed so very different from the men that Anna had met earlier in her life. Men who had seen nothing but her big breasts and stared at them, some even going as far as groping her. Max' smile showed warmth, and he demonstrated a surprising restraint when his hand stopped, just beside her breast, wordlessly asking for her consent.
Anna knew she couldn't say no, even if she had wanted to. Holding his gaze she smiled back at him and gently placed her hand over his and guided it to her breast. Max caressed it, careful to avoid her nipple.
She felt her arousal growing within her. Not only from having Max' amazing looking cock so near her, but also the restraint he demonstrated. This wasn't some random clumsy guy groping her. This was a real man. She knew instinctively that if she'd let him, he'd show her more pleasure than she'd ever known before.
She felt her nipples stiffening at the thought of trying to take his cock inside her, but the whole situation she found herself in also scared her. She had been with an older man before, but this was different. Lucy's words earlier made her question if having sex with the visitors were frowned upon. Then again, there was no doubt in her mind what Linda was up to with mister Evans and his girlfriend.
Max nodded and Anna saw that he must have sensed her hesitance. His smiled widened, as if understanding how nervous she felt, and he gave her breast a gentle squeeze before letting go.
"I... I think I should go," Anna managed to say.
"I understand," Max replied, the warm smile never leaving his face as Anna took a few steps backwards before turning around and silently leaving the room.
She checked the other rooms, but they were all either unoccupied or the people staying there weren't in their rooms. In her mind she kept revisiting what had happened before. A part of her wanted to walk back to Max' and Avas room. She giggled as she envisioned herself striding in confidently and wordlessly getting down on her knees between Max' legs and deep-throating his enormous cock.
She doubted she had it in her to be so confident though, and even if the idea amused her, she decided against it.
Anna finished her task and walked back out to the beach, and just as she got back to the stand where she had been posted before, Linda came back with a satisfied grin on her face.
"I sure needed that," Linda said giggling and Anna smiled at her, too shy to ask her about what had obviously been going on.
By now it had become lunch time and Anna and Linda walked to the staff cafeteria where they talked and giggled for a while as if they'd known each other their entire lives.
Anna was again struck by Lindas outgoing personality, and Anna felt great having Linda as her co-worker. Anna decided to keep what had happened with Max earlier to herself though. Maybe she'd tell Linda about it later, but she still needed to process the whole thing first.
After lunch the girls walked back to the beach and the afternoon was clearly the busiest time of the day, and to Anna it felt like time just flew by when it was suddenly time for her to check out for the day. She said goodbye to Linda and this time Anna didn't hesitate when Linda hugged her.
"See you tomorrow," Linda said as they let go of each other and Anna nodded with a big smile before walking back to the main building. She giggled to herself thinking it would feel strange to put on clothes again, marveling at how quickly she had gotten used to walking around naked.
As Anna got back to the locker room, she met Lucy who smiled at her.
"Oh, hi Anna. I'm glad I caught you," Lucy said waving for Anna to come to her office. "As I said before, we take customer satisfaction very seriously here," Lucy continued as Anna had closed the door behind her.
"There's nothing wrong," Lucy hurried to add, seeing the nervous look from Anna. "I just wanted to tell you that I've met with some of our visitors today, and one of them, Max Davies, mentioned meeting you." Anna blushed as the image of Max stroking his huge cock and watching his daughter licking some girls pussy came back to her.
"He said to tell you that he hoped he didn't scare you," Lucy said and Anna heard the unspoken question in her voice.
"No," Anna said and smiled, fighting to keep Max' cock out of her thoughts. "He was a real gentleman," she continued deciding not to say anything about Max' daughter.
"I'm glad," Lucy said, clearly relieved. To Anna's surprise Lucy giggled and lowered her voice as she said "I know that giant cock of his can seem a little intimidating. He also said to tell you that, again, you're welcome to drop by anytime you wanted to"
Anna nodded, and Lucy walked closer and gave Anna a hug. It felt really warm and heartfelt, and Anna almost didn't want to let go.
"Again, welcome to our little family Anna. I'll see you again tomorrow," Lucy said and smiled as she led Anna out from her office.
As she came home to her apartment a while later, Anna looked down at the top and skirt she was wearing. Something about her clothes didn't feel right, so she closed the blinds and took off her clothes. Somehow she felt much better about herself and walked around her apartment with a big smile.
She then lay down on her bed and looked down at her big breasts. She cupped them, wondering to herself why guys seemed to like them so much. 'Then again, they are beautiful,' she thought and absent-mindedly began caressing the skin and before long she became so turned on she reached down to her pussy and began to masturbate.
As her arousal grew, images of Max' cock soon came to her. She closed her eyes and imagined what it'd feel like to have something so majestic, and so amazingly huge inside her and Anna surprised herself at how horny she had become, and before long she felt her orgasm building inside her.
Later that evening Anna fell asleep with a satisfied smile, and she admitted to herself that she wanted to at least get a glimpse of Max' cock again.
*********
The following morning Anna woke up with a tingling feeling. It wasn't that same nervous tingle she had felt the day before. She knew that people were going to see her naked today, and she felt proud about her body.
Again it felt strange to put on clothes knowing she'd take them off soon again, so Anna settled for a pair of yoga pants and a top, forgoing underwear.
As she arrived at the resort she couldn't see Lucy anywhere so Anna undressed and walked out to the beach where she had worked yesterday, and smiled as she met Linda. They hugged, and it felt so natural, like meeting someone she had been friends with for a long time.
The beach was pretty much empty, and Anna couldn't help but keep a lookout for Max or mister Evans, but she couldn't see either of them. Anna and Linda talked for a while as they sorted towels and Linda told her she had worked at the resort for 2 years. She had meant for it to be something to pay her bills until she decided what to do with her life, and Anna could relate to that as she was also unsure if she wanted to go back to school. Linda then said she had enjoyed working there so much that at the moment she'd have a hard time working anywhere else.
After about an hour, Lucy came up from the main building giving each of them a warm hug. Lucy smiled, almost apologetically.
"I'm sorry to break you girls up again, but it seems we're short -staffed today as well," she began to say and Anna felt a tingle down her spine as she understood what she was saying.
"If you need someone clearing the second and third floors again, I don't mind going," Anna said volunteering with a smile.
Lucy let out a sigh of relief, and Anna could see it had more to do with the job itself, and that Anna had been cool with what had happened yesterday.
"Thanks, Anna. You're such a peach," Lucy said putting a gentle hand on her shoulder. Anna blushed a little but smiled back at her and then at Linda before walking back to the main building.
She didn't know what to expect when she walked into Max' and Avas room. Maybe they wouldn't even be there? Either way, she decided to do the other rooms first, and again the rooms on the third floor turned out to be empty. As Anna knocked on the door next to Max' and Avas room the tingling feeling between her legs became stronger. An older woman in her early 50s opened and welcomed Anna inside. She was really sweet and offered Anna to stay and have a cup of coffee with her, but Anna declined politely.
"I understand. I'm guessing a young girl like you want to spend all day at the beach, enjoying the lovely weather we're having," the woman had said with a warm smile.
Anna nodded and smiled back at her. 'I guess it depends on if your neighbor is in his room or not,' she thought to herself but thanked the woman again for the offer.
Then, finally, she was standing there outside Max' room. The tingling feeling between her legs made her take a deep breath before she knocked on the door and cleared her throat.
"House keeping," she called out, trying to keep her voice steady.
"Come in," she heard Max' voice calling back at her, and she smiled as she opened the door. At first, she was surprised to find the bedroom empty, but then she saw that Max was laying on a sunbed on the balcony.
She walked closer and saw that he was alone, laying there on his back sunbathing. His huge cock lay over his leg and even though it was flaccid, Anna was again struck by the size of it. Max turned his head and smiled as Anna came closer.
"Welcome," he said with a gentle smile. "Care to join me?" He asked and waved a hand at the empty sunbed next to his. Anna barely hesitated before she nodded and lay down.
"I'm glad you came," Max said calmly. "I wanted to apologize about yesterday. I hope what you saw didn't offend or scare you?" he asked.
"No," Anna said surprising herself somewhat. "I guess you could say I was caught a little off guard... But, no, I wasn't offended," she elaborated.
"Good," Max said and kept smiling at her. "I spoke to Lucy yesterday, and she told me it was your first day here," he continued and Anna nodded. "I know the... nature... of this place can seem a little daunting at first, but from your initial reaction I took it that you didn't mind," he said and Anna understood that he was referring to Max bringing his daughter to a nudist colony and watching her have sex.
She swallowed and smiled, not really knowing how to tell Max that she wasn't upset, though her smile seemed to suffice.
"I also know that... well... my 'endowment' can also seem a little scary," he then said and nodded down at his cock. Anna couldn't help but let out a giggle.
"It certainly is the biggest one I've seen," she said and looked down at it. As she looked, the cock twitched and seemed to grow a little.
"What do you know," Max said and chuckled. "I think someone took that as a compliment," he added, and they both silently looked at Max' cock for a moment as it visibly grew a couple of inches.
"Is that from just seeing me?" Anna asked playfully, marveling at herself from feeling so confident.
"Mhmm... I think he likes you," Max said with a mischievous glint in his eyes. Anna looked back at Max' cock and by now it was semi-hard but it was already enormous.
"I like him too," Anna replied and fought back the urge to reach out and grab it.
"Feel free to tell him yourself," Max said, as if sensing Anna's thoughts.
She looked up at his face and bit her lower lip, knowing that she wanted to touch it, but that touching meant crossing a line. 'I can't believe I'm doing this,' she thought to herself as she sat up and leaned closer, gently wrapping her fingers around the shaft, nowhere near to reaching all the way around.
"Hello, mister cock," Anna said in a friendly voice. "I just wanted to say that you look very beautiful, and that I really like you," she added and almost without thinking leaned close and placed a gentle kiss on the tip. The touch of her lips made it twitch and grow even more, and it seemed even bigger than Anna remembered.
She eventually tore her eyes from the cock and looked over at Max' smiling face.
"You said yesterday that I remind you of your wife?" Anna asked and bit her lower lip, feeling that she needed to know more about what was going on, but also remembering that sometimes, it's better not to know.
"I did," Max said calmly looking her deep in the eye. "My wife was, and still is, a magnificently beautiful woman," he added. As if seeing the unspoken question in Anna's eyes he continued. "However, the last couple of years her libido had waned due to a pituitary gland defect. The doctors told us that this defect is incurable, and also hereditary. For Ava however, it has had the opposite effect. Ever since her 18th birthday her sex drive has been raging. We had a long talk in the family, and neither my wife nor I wanted Ava to go out and fuck strangers, potentially getting into trouble, we decided that I would take care of Ava. We also come here once in a while to indulge those of her fantasies that I can't help her with."
Anna sat silently listening to what Max told her. She could feel the love he felt in every word, and her heart melted. She held his gaze for a moment, and then gently took his hand. Not knowing what to say after hearing his story, she placed his hand on her breast, and he gave her a warm smile as he began caressing it.
His strong but gentle touch made Anna's pussy tingle again, and she looked back at his cock. She noticed with a giggle that she, without even thinking, had begun to slowly move her hand up and down the shaft and that a drop of precum had formed on the tip.
"Oops," she said playfully. "I guess I should take care of that," she added and leaned closer to Max' cock again. This time she opened her mouth and wrapped her lips around the tip, slowly sucking it clean. She then looked up at his face seeing the approving look he gave her.
"You said Ava comes here to.. do the things you can't help her with?" Anna said and Max nodded. "Is there... anything she can't help you with?" she added.
"Now that you mention it. Ava has a rather tight throat," Max said and Anna smiled, realizing what he was referring to. "That unfortunately means she's never been able to practice the art of deep throating," he added and the tingling feeling inside Anna grew to a raging inferno.
Ever since she lost her virginity, sucking cock had been Anna's favorite. That, and taking a guys load down her throat or all over her big breasts which she then loved to lick clean. Again, Max seemed to sense what was going through her mind as he gave her breast a squeeze.
"I think our friend here wants you to try," he said and Anna nodded eagerly. She licked her lips as Max stood up in front of her. Everything else seemed to fade away. Nothing mattered but the monster cock pointing straight at her mouth, and she opened her mouth and leaned closer wrapping her lips around the tip again.
Anna let out a moan as she felt his cock throb against her lips. She stretched her mouth open as wide as she could trying to take it all in, but the thickness of the shaft still made her doubt she would manage it. She looked up, seeing a loving smile on Max' lips and pushed forward slightly, surprised at how soon she could feel the tip poking the back of her neck.
She pulled back a little and breathed in through her nose and closed her eyes before pushing forward again. This time she didn't stop when she felt the tip poking her, and she felt herself gag as the enormous head started to force itself down her esophagus.
It was nothing new to her, and she had practiced fighting back her gag reflex, but this time she had to fight harder than ever before. She opened her eyes, and she almost despaired as she saw how much cock there was left for her to take.
She felt her throat began to stretch painfully as it tried to adjust to the size of the thing she was trying to force down, and the pain increased with every centimeter she moved forward. The pain also served to make Anna more and more determined to do this for Max.
He was such a loving father and husband, and he deserved to have his cock sucked.
The pain in Anna's throat was growing to become almost unbearable, and she could feel her eyes well up with tears. She tried to open her eyes, and saw that she had taken about half of Max' cock inside her. The pain sent a jolt down to her pussy that told her to keep going. To take it all inside her. To impale herself completely on Max' wonderful, majestic cock.
The lack of oxygen made her head spin, and she wanted to stay like this forever. She heard Max say something, but the throbbing feeling inside her was so loud that she could barely make out the words. Her body revolted however, and she reluctantly pulled herself off the cock, slowly easing the pain and with a slurping sound the cock left her mouth.
Anna coughed violently and took a few heaving breaths, desperate to fill her lungs with air. She wiped the tears from her eyes and her chest was still heaving from the effort as she looked up at Max, seeing a mix of shock and pleasure in his eyes.
"That was amazing Anna," he said as he reached down and stroked her cheek lovingly. Anna's pussy was on fire and it felt like a physical ache that only Max' cock could soothe.
"P-please..." Anna said looking up at him pleadingly. "C-could you fuck my throat?" she said and Max gave her a worried look.
"Are you sure?" he asked, and Anna nodded. "I'm not going to hold back. It will be painful," he said and Anna opened her mouth as wide as she could in way of reply. She also grabbed his hands, placing them on her head. Max nodded in understanding, and grabbed her hair.
"Good girl," he said almost growling and Anna could see the lust in his eyes as he pushed his hips forward, thrusting his cock between her lips. Anna quickly inhaled through her nose, readying herself for what was to come.
Max started slowly, moving his hips back and forth, slowly pushing deeper and deeper inside Anna's mouth with every thrust. As she felt the tip poking the back of neck again he held still for a moment.
"Here it comes, my little cock-sucker. Tap my leg if you need to breathe or if the pain becomes too much," Max said and again Anna was struck by the restraint he was showing. The few men she had sucked before had been too eager to thrust as deep and as fast they could, but Max was different. He knew his cock would be painful to suck, and he took his time, making sure she felt comfortable. Well, at least as comfortable as you could be with something so gigantic stuffed down your throat.
Max held still for a second, letting Anna ready herself, before he slowly pushed forward. Again the shaft began to press against the walls of her throat, stretching it beyond imagining. The pain returned, but this time Anna was ready for it, and her pussy screamed at her in pleasure.
'More! Harder! Deeper' her pussy told her, but it was out of her hands, so she remained still letting Max set the pace. She wanted to scream how good it felt. How she belonged impaled on his cock. No sounds came out however. No sounds except the slurping sounds as Max fucked her throat.
There was no other way to describe it to Anna. At the moment her mouth and throat were nothing other than Max' personal fuck-toy, and she wouldn't have it any other way. The thundering feeling inside her was so loud that she didn't hear him speaking. He was saying something, but she couldn't make out the words.
He was definitely speaking to someone however and suddenly Anna felt another persons presence. Her head was held in a vice-like grip by Max' strong hands, so she couldn't turn to see who it was. Then suddenly felt a soft skinned hand caress her breast but Max kept thrusting and fucking. Anna felt the hand pinch her nipple roughly and her head swam as her orgasm hit. Suddenly and without warning the orgasm washed over her, and she struggled to remain upright. Only Max' grip on her head kept her up as her body shook.
"That's it. Take daddy's cock," Anna heard a feminine voice whisper in her ear. "Let daddy's hard, monster cock fuck that tiny little throat of yours baby," the voice continued and the hand kept caressing her breast as Anna fought to remain conscious.
Somehow, somewhere Anna realized that the voice had to belong to Max' daughter Ava. As her orgasm slowly waned, Anna realized her lungs were about to burst. A part of her didn't want to, but she tapped Max' leg, and he immediately pulled back.
Again, Anna coughed violently, and drew in air into her burning lungs. After recovering for a second or two Anna looked up to see Max and Ava smiling down at her. Max' cock was positively throbbing, and she thought he must be close to cumming.
"Oh my god, daddy. That looked so fucking amazing. I can't believe she's able to take that much of your cock," Ava said to Max and Anna beamed with pride. Ava then turned to Anna. "You want daddys cum, don't you? You want daddy to paint that sexy face of yours?" she asked and Anna didn't hear any jealousy in her voice, only geniune arousal.
"Y-yes," Anna said and looked at Max. "I want daddy to paint my face. I want him to shoot his hot cum all over my face. I belong to daddy and I want him to mark me as his cum-slut," she continued knowing with every fiber of her being that she sincerely meant every word. Max looked at her for a moment before looking over at Ava. He leaned in close to her and kissed her on the forehead.
"Go ahead," he told Ava. "Stroke my cock and make me cum. Your new sister needs daddy's cum," he added and Ava smiled at him.
"Yes, daddy," she said and looked down at Anna as she grabbed Max' cock with both hands and stroked it faster and faster. "Here it comes, sister dear," she added and Anna instantly felt a bond forming with Ava. Max groaned louder and louder and Anna instinctively closed her eyes.
"Oh shit... Fuck.. Yesss... Here it comes..." Max said and suddenly Anna was hit by the first spurt of cum. It struck her chin, and she was surprised by how hard he came. The cum kept on coming, and she could feel her face was getting covered in the wonderful stuff. She shivered as another orgasm came over her. Smaller this time, but it still felt amazing, sitting there on her knees having her new daddy cum all over her.
"Ava, be a good girl and clean her face," Anna heard Max say and even though she couldn't open her eyes, she felt Ava get down on her knees in front of her. She half-expected Ava to use a towel or something but instead Anna got a tickling, wet feeling as Ava started licking Anna's face. She had never felt someone lick her face Before, and she giggled slightly, feeling cum drip inside her mouth. Ava did a thorough job and Anna eventually opened her eyes to see Avas face close to her own, and Ava was smiling at her. Again, Anna felt that intimate connection to this girl she had only just met. Ava looked her deep in the eye in leaned in close. As she kissed Anna on the lips, Anna could taste Max' cum in her mouth. Ava was an Amazing kisser, and Anna all but lost herself in the wonderful sensation of Avas tongue in her mouth.
"I wish I could stay longer with you guys, but I think I have to get back to work," Anna said reluctantly, as they ended the kiss. Ava nodded in understanding and helped Anna to stand. The intensity of Anna's earlier orgasm made her legs a little wobbly so both Ava and Max helped her walk back out to the hallway, and they all hugged.
"Don't be a stranger," Ava and Max said at the same time, and they all smiled, knowing Anna would be back.
Anna was so taken by the experience that she forgot to check the last few rooms as she walked back to the beach, where Lucy was talking to Linda. As Anna came walking Lucy turned her head and gave Anna a worried look.
"Oh my god, are you ok?" Lucy whispered as she leaned in close and placed a hand on her shoulder. Anna giggled and nodded, realizing she probably looked pretty disheveled.
"Yes, uhmmm," Anna started not really knowing how to explain what had happened. "There was a visitor who.. Needed some special attention," she said eventually and smiled.
Lucy instantly smiled wide and discreetly gave Anna a kiss on the lips. She then licked her lips, and Anna blushed as she realized Lucy could most likely taste the cum Anna and Ava had shared earlier.
"I knew I did the right thing when I hired you," Lucy said and winked before giving her a warm hug.
Anna knew Linda was right. It would be hard to find a better job than this...