The back of Emma's neck prickled, she was being observed once again. She knew who it was before she even turned around. Sure enough, her shift manager, Liam, was staring at her. It wasn't a leering gaze however, not one that frightened her or grossed her out. Was it curiosity? She never could quite put her finger on it. Normally, she just smiled and continued on, but today the need to know burned within her.
"What?" Emma asked with a small laugh, her cheeks pinkening as she confronted him, not used to being so forward.
Liam was leaning against the counter smiling back at her, all dimples and dark spiky hair, looking sexy as sin. He shrugged and pushed away from the counter, the muscles in his arms tightening with the effort. He grabbed a rag and busied himself with cleaning the counter, glancing up at her from time to time. Emma sucked her lower lip in and ran her teeth across the smooth skin, the flavor of vanilla chapstick hitting her tongue. She wasn't ready to let it go so easily.
"No seriously. Do I have something on my face? In my teeth?" She prodded as she moved towards the counter. The place was absolutely dead besides Liam, her and some new dishwasher in the back.
His responding laugh was rich and warm, the sound making her smile involuntarily as he locked his soft green eyes on her deep blue ones. "No. You don't."
"Then what is it? Why do you keep staring at me?"
"I wasn't staring..." Liam let out a small exasperated sigh and shook his head, a small smile turning up the one side of his mouth like he harbored a secret.
"Yes you were." She pressed on, intrigued by his responses. "Don't give me that."
He turned away and shrugged, avoiding her gaze entirely. As he reached over to refill the peppermint bowl, his long sleeve lifted slightly, revealing an intricate tribal tattoo in black ink. Liam turned back to her with an intensity that made her freeze. He licked his lips and narrowed his eyes, his brows lowering with whatever he was wrestling with.
He shook his head and smiled, giving in. "Okay, this is kind of embarrassing, but do you want to hang out this weekend?"
A slow smile spread across her face, her eyes lighting up in amusement as she teased him. "Like a date?"
"Well, uh, no. You have a boyfriend or something right?" Liam's cheeks turned pink at her assumption.
"Yes. I do." Emma's smile faltered slightly with the admission, her eyes flickering with a deep sadness that didn't make sense to him.
Liam's eyebrows raised a bit, but he didn't comment on her expression. "I'm not very good at this. I'm sorry. I was wondering if you both wanted to hang out. I don't know if that's weird or not, but I haven't lived here long and there just hasn't been much time to go out and make friends."
"Oh!" Her eyes danced once more, this time with surprise. "Yeah sure, I'll have to ask Shane, but I'm sure we're free. He's, well, in between jobs right now." Emma cleared her throat, her gaze lowering as she brushed her amber-colored hair off of her shoulders.
"Okay, cool. Just let me know your number and we can set something up." Liam replied.
Emma could feel him observing her intently and it made her feel strangely warm. She was glad when he didn't press her for more information. His eyes pulled her, like a magnet, and she snuck a peek at him out of curiosity. Looking at him felt like too much all of a sudden and she couldn't begin to explain why her mouth went dry. She could only nod mutely and scribble her number on a scrap of paper.
His eyes twinkled, his smile contained, as he took the slip from her outstretched hand. Emma quickly dropped it before he could even grasp it, and it fluttered to the counter. She bit her lower lip and looked down at her messy handwritten note immediately after Liam did so, the strange spell broken. A blush made its way across her cheeks and settled into a dark near-magenta hue.
"Sorry. I'm so clumsy." Emma glanced away and chuckled softly, trying to laugh off her embarrassment.
"It's fine, hun. Don't worry about it. See?" He held up his phone and grinned at her. "I already put it into my phone."
"Okay." Emma's blush deepend at the term of endearment and she pressed her tongue against her teeth to stop herself from grinning like a fool.
"Crap. A bus of people just pulled in." He crossed his eyes at her and she laughed out loud. "Ready?"
Emma stuck her tongue out, the indent of his cheek dimple catching her eye when he laughed. "As I'll ever be..."
*****
"Geez. Some people are pigs." Liam stuck out his tongue and observed the messy dining room with his hands on his hips.
Emma chuckled wryly as she grabbed a busboy tub from the kitchen. "Yeah, that's for sure."
Liam reached over and took the overflowing dishes container from Emma. "Glad that was our last table. Now to clean up."
"Me too." Emma sighs in relief, bussing more tables and filling up another one of the tubs. "Hey, thanks for helping out by the way. You didn't have to."
"The motivation is completely selfish on my part." Liam said over his shoulder as he took the dishes to the back where the dishwasher was located.
Her eyebrows shot up in surprise as she shouted after him, "Oh really?"
"Well yeah." Liam's loud reply floated to the front as he popped back into view, resuming the conversation in a normal tone. "If I help you, we'll both get out early. Then we can both get home faster. Win win right?"
"Right." Emma said, pronouncing the word in such a way that it sounded like a two syllable word. She cast her eyes downward, swiping yet more dishes into the nearly full tub she had resting on a wooden dining chair. "Totally. That makes sense."
Liam grabbed the other tub from her and offered a smile. "You okay?"
"Yeah, yeah, I'm just tired," Emma responded quickly as she met his eyes, wiping the sheen of sweat from her forehead.
Liam's eyebrows knit together for a nano second and he licked his lips before speaking. "Yeah for sure, me too."
She smiled weakly, grabbing a tray from the counter and pulling out the salt, pepper and parmesan cheese containers to refill the shakers on the tables. Liam took the last tub to the back and thunked it down on the metal counter, the sound echoing in the nearly empty building. His footfalls shuffled against the faux-wood, linoleum of the floor as he made his way back up to the front.
"So," he began, clapping his hands together softly. "I'll get the back, if you get the front. Sound good? Then, if I finish before you do, I'll come help you and vice versa."
"Okay. Sounds good." Emma nodded and smiled over at him, the beautiful sight leaving him momentarily stunned.
Liam cleared his throat, his eyes shifting away. "Cool cool. Well, i'll be in the back if you need me." And with that he strode quickly to the back, seemingly in a hurry to get started.
Emma popped in her earbuds and cranked up the music on her phone, tucking the device into her apron pockets. The EDM soundtrack thrumming against her eardrums, pumping energy into her veins as she began to fill the shakers. She danced as she worked, making the time pass quicker as she vacuumed, swept, wiped things down and made sure to take everything from the salad bar to the back.
She dropped off the utensils off for Liam to wash, her head bobbing in time to the beat and her lips moving as she mouthed the lyrics silently. Emma was so lost in her music, that she didn't notice right away when Liam smiled over at her as he watched her dance. As the song ended, and the silence filled her ears before the next song, her eyes flicked in his direction and he was caught. He offered an awkward wave and turned away. She couldn't help noticing how red his face and neck were in contrast to the creamy off white shade of his hoodie.
She couldn't help but smile to herself. Emma had a boyfriend, that was true, but it was complicated and frankly she was tired of all the drama with Shane. As she finished taking the salad bar cart to the walk-in at the back of the store, she thought of their argument just before she had to get ready for work. It still had her all worked up and angry. He had been yelling at her about her not keeping the house clean enough.
God knows she tried her best, but he never seemed to be satisfied with anything she did. She was beginning to think that she would never be good enough. She threw the fact that he kept quitting jobs in his face and he had just lost it, punched a new hole in their apartment wall. As if they weren't having enough trouble trying to stay afloat financially. Now she had to earn money for the wall as well.
The coolness of the walk-in and the loud rhythmic pounding of her music had her calming down within minutes. She danced as she worked, knowing that she was alone in the small enclosed space since Liam had no reason to come back here. Emma really let loose, even going so far as to sing loudly, not really caring whether it was soundproof or not. She dropped one of the lids in her haste to get the food containers filled and covered.
"Shit," she muttered as she quickly squatted down to get the lid.
It rolled under a rack holding dough that was proofing and she was soon on her hands and knees trying to retrieve it. She had her arm shoved all the way under the pizza dough rack when she felt the cold air rush away from her quickly as the walk-in door opened. She froze for a second, her hand resting on the smooth plastic of the lid. Slowly she turned her head around to look behind her. What she saw stole her breath.
Liam was staring intently at her butt pointed up in the air, his eyebrows low and his eyes dark. Involuntarily, she gasped again as liquid heat rushed to her pussy. He bit his lip when their eyes met, locked on one another. He didn't turn away. He didn't so much as move a muscle as he continued looking at her. Her mouth gaped open as she she sat back on her legs, the clear lid in hand. He clenched his jaw and blinked hard, shaking his head just once before exiting the way he came in without so much as a word.
Emma stood up, collecting herself as she inhaled a nervous breath. When she brought her hands to her cheeks at what had just occurred, she could feel the heat from her face. She hadn't even registered that she was blushing before now. When everything was all cleaned up and ready for the next morning, Liam walked Emma out in awkward silence. Normally Shane was out there waiting to walk her home, but this time she was greeted only by the dark tendrils of twilight illuminated only by the street lamps.
"Well, I'll see you tomorrow," Emma spoke softly, breaking the silence as she tucked her light, golden-orange hair behind her ears in habit.
He looked around and then narrowed his eyes at her, frowning, "Don't you have a ride home?"
"I don't have a car, but I only live like five blocks from here. I can walk it, no big deal. I do it all the time." Emma shrugged and shifted her eyes away, wanting to appear indifferent.
"No, no. That won't do. Let me give you a ride home," Liam offered, playing with his keys and cocking one eyebrow pointedly.
The thought of Emma being trapped in a car with Liam made her mouth go dry and her heart skip a beat, but she somehow managed to keep it together. "Uh, I like walking. So, really, it's fine. Don't worry."
"Well, how about this?" Liam inhaled deeply and paused a moment, deciding what to say as he took a step towards her, eyes locked onto hers and head tilted to the side. "How about you walk with me to the bank and then I walk you home? I worry about you getting home safely. I mean, I know you say you walk home alone frequently, but it still kind of makes me nervous."
Emma hid her small smile, but turning away from him just a smidge. "Really? Why does it make you nervous?"
Liam blinked, lifting one shoulder in a half shrug. "I'm responsible for you because I'm your shift manager." He licked his lips and stared at his keys for a moment.
"Oh. Okay. Yeah, I guess that makes sense." Emma chuckled dryly, her hand rubbing the back of her neck.
"Also," Liam hesitated a half second, his eyes gravitating towards hers. "If anything happened to you because I let you go home alone, I would never be able to forgive myself. Let me walk you home?"
Emma couldn't think of any reason to say no when his last line was pleading with her to say yes, his voice soft and boyish as they stood on the sidewalk. She nodded once and smiled, "Okay."
"Cool." Liam smiled broadly and gestured for her to follow him. "Just gotta drop off this deposit first, then we can walk to your house, okay?"
"Okay. Sounds good. You sure you don't mind?" Emma responded, falling into step beside him, matching him stride for stride.
"No, I don't mind at all," came Liam's reply from beside her and when she snuck a peek at him, he was looking right at her.
His dark eyes searched her face, but he said nothing as they continued to walk. The bank was just a couple of blocks from the pizza joint and they got there within minutes. Once Liam dropped the heavy bag into the after hours slot of the bank, he turned towards and wiggled his eyebrows at her, making her laugh.
"So, is it okay if we go across the street and get me something to drink? I'm like, really thirsty and I don't feel like going back into work and putting a nozzle on the soda fountain just to get a drink." Liam rushed out, shoving his hands into his pockets along with his keys. "I can get you something too, if you'd like."
"Yeah that's fine and that's okay. You don't have to. I brought money."
"Nonsense. You're allowing me to walk you home, at least I can buy you a drink." Liam pressed his lips together in a suppressed grin and shook his head at her with his eyes closed.
"That made absolutely no sense." Emma laughed again as he locked eyes with her. "But sure, if you insist."
"Yeah, I know it didn't. I don't know why it came out that way." Liam chuckled and they started walking to the only gas station in town, crossing main street when the crossing light showed the universal signal of a pixelated man walking. "I'm always putting my foot in my mouth, it seems."
"It's all right. I do the same thing all the time. It's like I want to say one thing, and it sounds perfectly normal in my head, but when it comes out of my mouth it's all mixed up. Like my words get lost along the way.
"Exactly. I'm glad you understand." Liam let out a relieved laugh, soft and warm as they reached the entrance to the building and walked inside.
After they grabbed their drinks and paid, they left, the door dinging as they exited the same way the entered. They talked about their favorite movies as they made their way to her apartment building. He liked mysteries and thrillers, while she was hardcore into horror, sci-fi and fantasy. While they didn't agree on movie genres, they were still able to connect on a movie about a time traveling who fell in love with the same woman over and over again throughout time. It was nice to connect to another human being without drama, she thought. So much of her life lately was filled with stress.
"Well, this is me." Emma crossed her arms over her chest, her footsteps slowing as she turned to face him. She did her best not to frown, but she was never very good at hiding her feelings.
Liam tucked the corners of his mouth in as he watched her abrupt change in mood. "You gonna be okay?" He finally asked, his stance mirroring hers.
"Yeah. I'll be fine," Emma said, looking upwards at the twinkling stars before looking back over at him. "I'll see you tomorrow, right?"
"Yep." Liam nodded, his gaze solemn. "I'll be doing a double tomorrow."
"Me too." Emma said and shrugged. "Night."
"Goodnight, Emma."
Emma's heart lurched and her stomach dropped as she approached the door to her duplex, turning once to wave goodbye to Liam who waited patiently to make sure that she got in okay. When she turned the knob to go inside, he waved back and started down the street back to his car. Emma inhaled a deep breath before going inside, never knowing what surprise awaited her. Thankfully, he seemed like he was in a good mood by the way he smiled over at her.
"Hey, babe. I didn't realize your shift was over already. Sorry. Got caught up playing this new game I got today," Shane said, already turning his focus back to his game.
"New game?" Emma asked softly. "Where did you get the money? The only money we had was..."
Shane glanced at her quickly and averted his eyes guiltily, finally pausing his game and sighing. "Babe don't be mad, okay?"
"How could you spend the money on video games? Rent is due in a week!" Emma shouted, her face contorting into a mask of rage as she threw her hands up in the air. "What are we going to do?"
Shane brushed the messy dirty-blond hair out of his blue eyes and shrugged, avoiding her gaze completely by staring at the paused television screen. "I just figured you'd make more tips this week and we'd be okay. It's not a big deal. We'll figure something out. We always get by."
"That's just it! I'm so sick and tired of just "getting by." And FYI, it is a big deal to me. Especially when I'm the only one working!" She went into the kitchen to collect herself only to discover dirty dishes and food scattered on every surface. She closed her eyes and gripped the faux wooden countertop so tightly that her knuckles turned white.
"Are you fucking serious?" Plastic slammed against the ground just before Shane burst into the room with clenched fists, shaking with rage, his nostrils flaring and his eyes wild. "Why do you keep throwing that shit in my face? I told you already, my boss had it out for me. So I quit!"
"You know what? I don't want to fight with you." Emma inhaled a shaky breath as she rose up to her full height and stared him down. Somehow she kept her voice level, even though her heart was beating it's frantic warning against her ribcage. "I've been working double shifts everyday for the last couple weeks and I'll have to keep doing that until you find another job. We just need to come up with a temporary solution. Okay?"
"Okay. Let's figure this out." His eyes softened slightly when he saw the distress in her eyes and he nodded.
She smiled a little, hating the way he made her feel, but feeling so desolate and drained that she didn't know what to do about it. "Can you just help me clean up the kitchen really quick? It looks like a bomb went off in here," she tiredly, mistakenly, joked.
"You just can't quit nagging, can you?" He shouted at her, his mood switch flipped once more. "That's it! Figure it out your damn self! I'm out." He zipped up his hoodie and slammed the door behind him, leaving Emma, once again, to pick up his mess.
An hour later, she threw herself on the bed, reeking of pizza and still wearing her work clothes. Her hair cascaded over her pillow and stuck to her tear stained cheeks, adding to her frustration. As she wrapped her favorite blanket around her body, she started to drift off to sleep. She couldn't help but wonder if this was all she deserved out of life or if there was something better out there, just waiting for her.
*****
Emma groaned and reached for her phone to shut off the annoying beeping the next morning. Her hand collided with something solid and warm instead of the cold, hard dresser she was expecting. She popped one eye open, her face still half buried in a pillow and sighed.
Shane
Rolling her eyes, she reached over him and turned off the alarm, which read 4:30 a.m. As she flipped over onto her back to stare at the ceiling, she wondered how she had gotten to this point in her life. Shane hadn't exactly been quiet when he got home around midnight, stumbling inside and shutting the door just a little too hard. He had crawled into bed, trying to wake her up, whispering how sorry he was, but she pretended to be fast asleep. She was still too upset to talk to him. Even now, all she wanted to do was to get to work. It's pretty sad when your job becomes an escape from reality.
Emma brushed her teeth and showered quickly, lathering her strawberry scented shampoo into her long locks vigorously. After conditioning her hair and washing her body, she rinsed off as fast as possible before the hot water ran out. The hot water heater in their apartment was small and the neighbor usually used it all up before she even had a chance to jump in. Guess she was the early bird this morning. The thought made her smile. Sometimes it's the small things in life that truly make a difference.
As she shut off the shower, she listened intently for an incoming of Shane, but thankfully all was quiet. Something that he most definitely was not. He stomped around and clanked things around until she woke up. Sometimes she wondered if he did it on purpose. Knowing him, he probably did. She dried herself, threw her hair into a low bun and dressed. As she tiptoed out of the bathroom and to the front door, she was reminded of her adolescence, when she would sneak out of the house to take long walks at night.
She almost laughed at the absurdity of trying to avoid a conflict with someone who she thought was going to keep her safe. Instead, she was always on high alert. If it wasn't for her pride and the fact that this town was so small she would never be able to escape his grasp, she most likely would have left him long ago. If she was being honest with herself, she had thought of it hundreds of thousands of times. Truthfully, she didn't know why she stayed anymore. Maybe it was just so that she wouldn't have to admit defeat and run back to her parents.
She opened the door quietly, and locked it swiftly behind her before bolting down the street. Her neighbors might think she's a crazy person, but she would do practically anything to just not fight for even one day. The walk to work was short, only a few blocks, but the early morning air woke her up. The sun was just beginning to pop up over the horizon as she reached her workplace. She was a little early and couldn't enter the premises without her supervisor present, since he had the key. So, she plopped down on the curb around the side of the building, hidden from view near a bush, and watched the sunrise in the stillness of the morning. She smiled softly to herself as she leaned back against the building, a contented sigh escaping her lips.
"Beautiful, isn't it?" a calm, familiar voice said from beside her.
Emma gasped, then giggled at the quiet interruption. "Wow, I didn't even hear you pull up. You're stealthy." She turned towards the voice, looking upwards.
"Like a ninja," Liam countered with a grin, his dimples coming out to play as he looked down at her. "Also, I drove."
Their eyes met as he offered her a hand up, which she gladly took without hesitation. As soon as their hands met, a warmth flooded her, flowing through her body. Why did he have to feel so good?
"Oh. That makes sense," she said with a grin as she brushed off her butt, hoping she hadn't sat in anything on the curb.
Liam watched with amusement as she leaned in an awkward position to get a good view of her behind. "Your butt looks fine," he offered and then his expression froze as he realized what he had said.
"What?" Emma's head snapped towards him as her cheeks grew hot, not sure she had heard him right.
"Um, that came out wrong," Liam rushed out, a blush turning his face a bright red. "I meant, that you don't have anything on your butt. Not that I was staring at your butt or anything. Oh my god."
Emma laughed, her eyes dancing with humor as she watched him fumble with his words. "That's okay. Thank you, I think."
"I'm so sorry." Even his neck and ears weren't safe from the redness coloring his skin. He turned to unlock the door, dropping his keys once before he was successful in his attempt.
"Don't worry about it," Emma mumbled quietly, her hand covering her mouth in an effort to hide a wide grin.
She knew that what he said should probably offend her, as should the way he stared at her, but it had been awhile since she'd had any kind of positive attention. It was nice to be noticed for something positive for once. He got the door unlocked and they both walked in without another word to clock in. Once that was accomplished, they went their separate ways to prep for the lunch rush. Emma popped her headphones in and cranked up the volume on her phone, the music blaring so loudly that it successfully blocked out her thoughts.
While she prepped, she danced around to the rhythm of the music. Time passed quickly and as she was getting the salad bar set up, she felt like she wasn't alone anymore. She looked up to see Liam paused there in the entranceway from the kitchen to the dining area, holding a sleeve of cups. A slow grin spread across his face and she took out her earbuds, her curiosity getting the better of her. She always had to be in the know.
"What?" Emma finally asked him, smiling in embarrassment, her cheeks flaming. She wasn't one to like too much attention on herself and she hated being stared at.
"Nothing." Liam started to put the cups away.
"Oh come on now. Spill it," Emma pursued, walking over to him so that he couldn't ignore her this time. As she stood in front of him, her hands on her hips, her confidence wavered slightly, but still she stood her ground despite how hard this tiny confrontation was for her.
"You're just so-" Liam started and then stopped abruptly, looking over at her.
"Terrible at dancing?" Emma finished.
"No. No, you're definitely not terrible at dancing." Liam swallowed and turned his body towards her. "Well, you were singing."
"I was?" Emma wrinkled up her nose and crossed her arms. "Okay so did I break your ears? I know I'm a little tone deaf, but still..."
"You're so cute sometimes." Liam said softly, his voice sincere.
Emma's face grew so hot that it felt like her cheeks were burning. She bit her lip and Liam tracked the movement with his eyes, licking his lips in turn before meeting her gaze once more. Then he shook his head to clear his thoughts.
"And you're singing is beautiful. You're better than you think you are..." Liam trailed off as he looked away and into the dining area.
"Thanks," Emma whispered self consciously, tucking some loose strands of hair behind her ears.
"You're welcome." Liam gave her a lopsided grin and walked through the dining room, checking everything out. "Everything ready?"
"Uh, yeah. Just about. I need to grab the salad bowls and utensils. I forgot them in the back." Emma started to head back, but Liam followed, putting her senses on high alert.
"I'll grab the salad and meet you up front, okay? I'm going to turn on the music."
"Okay," Emma agreed as she watched him stride away, grabbing a container to carry all of the utensils she would need.
The lyrics to a popular song filtered through the speakers as she moved towards the dish cart to gather the items she needed. She waited a few moments to see if Liam would come out, but when he didn't she went to the front to put oversized spoons, ladles and tongs in their proper places on the salad bar. When that was done and she didn't see Liam, she decided to go check on him. Salad should only take a minute or so to grab, yet he was still back there.
She opened the door to the walk-in fridge and peeked her head around the corner. "Hey. You okay in here? I was starting to get worried."
Liam laughed and looked up at her, knife in hand. "I'm fine. There was no salad prepped. So, I had to cut up some lettuce and stuff."
"Well, that figures. Sorry, I guess I forgot to check that before I left last night." Emma stepped into the fridge and shivered, wishing she had her hoodie to keep her warm.
"No big deal." Liam shrugged and swiped the chopped iceberg lettuce into large salad bowls. "It happens."
"I know, but I feel kind of bad about it." Emma said, stepping towards him to help. "What can I do to make up for it?"
Liam's eyes widened and shifted away as he cleared his throat. "Uh, here. You take this one." He thrust a bowl at her abruptly, causing some of the lettuce to fall to the floor. "Shit."
"It's fine. What's a little lettuce between coworkers?" Emma joked, her fingers brushing against his when she grabbed the bowl. Her fingertips tingled from the contact as his thumb brushed across hers, but she held fast to the salad bowl.
He winked and managed a small smile at her lame joke, pulling away his hands nervously. "Exactly."
Emma exited the fridge first, holding the door open for him and following behind as he walked swiftly to the front. He looked at his watch and then up to the big clock on the wall as he put the salad bowl into its specific place on the salad bar.
"Will you open the blinds, please? I'll be right back and then it'll be time to open."
"Sure thing." Emma smiled over at him and turned towards the windows.
Once all the blinds were flipped open, she looked around to see what else she could do last minute before they opened. She didn't like having idle hands, keeping busy was key to making sure she didn't think too much. Being busy was a welcome distraction for her.
"The bathrooms," she reminded herself, not remembering whether or not she checked the supply of toilet paper and soap before leaving last night.
She checked the women's room first, making a mental note to grab paper towels before walking into the men's room. The door didn't so much as creak as she pushed the door open and she was startled at her discovery. She was met with the sight of Liam standing up with his dick in his hands, his pants around his ankles. He had forgotten to lock the door! She felt like a pervert just standing there staring at him, but she couldn't seem to look away. She thought about closing the door, but two little words stopped her in her tracks.
"Oh, Emma," he groaned softly.
Did he know she was there? Liam's eyes were closed and he was biting his lip, making soft moaning sounds. Emma clenched her thighs together as she watched, a wet spot forming in her panties as she understood that he was indeed fantasizing about her. His hands moved quickly up and down his shaft as he pleasured himself. Having never observed somebody masturbating in real life, she couldn't believe how unbelievably turned on she felt in that moment. Her clit throbbed with need and she touched herself through her pants to relieve some of the pressure she felt building between her legs.
Emma's nipples hardened as she watched him thrust his hips, directing his cock into his hands at a rapid pace. She wondered what he could possibly be thinking about and what they were doing in his imagination. Her mouth formed a little 'o' as she continued to rub her pussy, faster and faster through her work jeans. His legs began to tremble and his movements became jerky as neared the point of climax. Emma's hand shook and her breathing turned into soft little pants. Liam came just then, his creamy spunk spraying on the wall as he let out a strangled moan.
"Oh god, yes," he whispered as the cum spurted from his swollen cock.
Emma released an involuntary gasp as her orgasm took over, her body tingling all over. Liam, startled by the sound, turned towards the doorway, catching sight of her orgasm, just as she had his. They both looked at one another hungrily, coming down from their mutual orgasmic highs. Emma couldn't help but to steal another glance at his dick, still hard as a rock despite having just came all over the wall. An aftershock hit her just then and she stifled her moan by
Her eyes were round and she giggled nervously, not believing what had just happened. "Sorry," she whispered as his mouth dropped open, his eyes slightly glazed as he he stared back at her in disbelief.
Emma closed the door and hurried away, not sure what had possessed her to act the way she did. She couldn't remember having been so turned on in her entire adult life before now. For the entire rest of their shift together, they stole glances at one another, but looked away as soon as their eyes clashed. Emma couldn't stop seeing the face he made as he climaxed. Nor would her body let her forget what it felt like to let go at the same as he did. As their first shift together ended and they said their embarrassed goodbyes, it left her with one nagging thought.
How often had he pleasured himself to the thought of her?
Knowing that she would see him again that night for the dinner shift made her smile. Maybe she would get her answer then or maybe even more than she had bargained for. She bit her lip as she trudged to the grocery story only a block away, not wanting to go home right away after that whole ordeal. Emma didn't think she could look Shane in the eyes after that. In her mind, they were already over, but she also felt guilty about breaking up with him. He had nowhere to go. Now she needed to clue him in, but first she needed to clear her head and gather her thoughts, for strength. This was not going to be easy.
Emma drug her feet all the way home, carrying her small plastic bag containing two orange sodas and some sour gummy worms, Shane's favorite. She thought she'd talk to him while he ate his snack. Maybe the sugar and caffeine rush would lessen the blow of their impending breakup. At least that was her hope. She sipped her orange fizzy drink, savoring the flavor as she drew closer to her apartment. Emma stopped and frowned, noting Liam's car parked out front.
What was he doing here?
She steeled herself by inhaling and exhaling deeply, trying to relinquish all the stress through her breath. Her hand hesitated on the knob as she heard laughter coming from the other side of the door. At least he would be in a good mood, Emma thought as she pushed the door open. The boys were seated side by side on the couch, Shane on the very left and Liam in the center. The loud sounds of the first person shooter game Shane loved so much attacked her ears.
"Whoa!" Liam shouted, throwing his head back in laughter and raising his hand in a high-five. "Nice headshot, man. Seriously. Brilliant."
Shane smacked his hand, catching sight of Emma just standing in the doorway. "Hey, babe. How was work? You didn't tell me how fun this guy was."
"Work was fine..." Emma closed the door and stepped into the room. "What're you guys doing?"
Liam twisted around to look at her, his arm on the back of the couch, and she felt like her legs had turned to jello. She pressed her lips together, unable to look at him without also thinking about how hot watching him jack off to her earlier was. His eyes were intense and dark as they shared a secret, unspoken look. He was thinking about it too.
"Hey." His words were simple, but his voice was lower than normal and laced with desire, hungry like his eyes.
"What are you doing here?" Emma blurted out, then clamped her mouth shut just as fast.
"Babe. Manners," Shane narrowed his eyes at her pointedly, then smirked.
"Oh it's okay. I just wanted to see if you guys wanted to go to an early dinner before our next shift started," Liam said simply, shrugging one shoulder and tilting his head to the side.
"Yeah, I told him we'd love to," Shane answered for her, nudging Liam. "And guess what? He wants to hang out this weekend. Maybe we can play video games or something. Isn't that cool."
Emma couldn't do what she had intended as long as Liam was around. Shane was ecstatic to have found a fellow lover of games and guilt from the incident at work rushed at her full force. She looked away guiltily and forced her best smile before looking over at them both.
"Great. Sounds good," she said, her voice strained. "Where to?"
Shane didn't notice, of course, that her smile didn't reach her eyes, but she was pretty sure that Liam did by the way the corners of his lips turned down. She ignored the look he gave her, waiting patiently as Shane paused the game and stood up, ready to go. They both insisted she go out the door first and she felt self-conscious knowing that they were both walking directly behind her.
Liam drove them to a nearby, mom and pop restaurant named "Papa Jo's." Shane sat in back because the seats didn't move up and Emma sat up front because of her longer legs. She sat with her knees turned towards the center console and her feet near the door. So, every time Liam changed gears using the stick shift, his pinky finger brushed against her thigh. She thought about switching sides, with her knees pointed towards the door, but then her butt would be facing Liam. The thought made her shiver with want, but she shoved down the feeling.
Emma ordered the cheapest meal she could find and chose water, while Shane didn't even pay attention to the prices before choosing. Emma did mental calculations of how much it would cost for their meal when taxes were added. She rounded it up for the tip. Next she calculated how much of that would be coming out of their rent money. They really couldn't afford to go out, but she was too proud to let Liam know this. Especially after Shane had already accepted Liam's proposal that they go out. It really was a nice suggestion on Liam's part, so she couldn't fault him for it.
"Emma?" Liam's concerned voice broke through her thoughts. "Is everything all right?"
She glanced up to see that he was staring at her, as was Shane who was seated next to her.
"Yeah, what's up?" she asked in reply, trying her best to fake a smile.
"You okay, Em?" Shane asked, throwing her off as he rubbed her shoulder lightly, pulling of the worried boyfriend thing surprisingly well.
"I'm good. Yay, food!" Emma grinned, happy to have the focus thrown towards the pretty waitress holding the plates at their table.
The waitress, her name tag read Angela, smiled just a little too long at Shane as she handed him his meal, but Emma said nothing. Then she set Emma's food in front of her with a small smile, but didn't look directly at her. When she looked at Liam, she eyed him and smiled flirtatiously. Emma felt a small twinge at that, but again said nothing, not knowing exactly what that meant. Shouldn't she be more jealous that the waitress eyeballed her man than over her batting her long lashes at her coworker?
"Can I get you all anything else?" Angela asked, only focusing her attention on Liam now.
"Emma? Shane?" Liam looked at the two of them from across the table, his eyes lingering on Emma. When they both shook their head, Liam dismissed the waitress without even a second glance. "No, I think we're good for now, thanks."
The waitress nodded curtly and shifted from side to side before shuffling off. Emma shook her head and laughed, unable to hold back the fit of giggles. The waitress looked so utterly dejected, she just couldn't help it. Tears sprung to her eyes and Shane reached over to squeeze her thigh through her pants, his mouth pressed into a tight smile.
"What's so funny?" Liam asked, his eyebrows raised ever so slightly as he chewed on a french fry.
"Yeah, babe. What's so funny? People are starting to stare." Shane shot a look at her.
"She was flirting with you, like hardcore and you just blew her off." Emma ignored Shane as she shook her head and covered her mouth with the back of her hand.
Shane pulled his hand away from Emma and glanced at Liam. "She was extremely pretty..."
Liam shrugged and peeked up at them both, his eyes locking with Emma's for just a moment. "She wasn't my type." He smiled and Emma glanced down at her plate, biting back another round of laughter that was threatening to bubble up.
Shane leaned over and whispered in Emma's ear, squeezing her thigh once more. "I saw that look you just gave him. You want to fuck him, don't you? Whore."
His fingers tightened ever so slightly around Emma's thigh and as his nails dug into her tender skin through her thin work uniform, she winced. Tears sprang to her eyes and she leaned away from him, her belly tightening with anxiety. She could feel Liam looking at them, watching the exchange, but she was pretty sure that he hadn't heard what Shane said. She was also fairly certain that he couldn't see the marks left behind by Shane on her legs.
Emma asked for a doggy bag when the waitress came by once more, her appetite completely killed. Meanwhile Shane had polished on his meal and started in on hers before the take home box even arrived at the table. As she boxed up her food, she seethed with shame and anger. Shame for not telling him off and anger because he treated her so carelessly. Didn't he even care about her feelings? She swallowed hard and fumbled for her wallet, spilling the coins on the floor.
"Jesus Christ. Get it together," Shane hissed in her ear as he bent down to help her pick up all her coins. She slapped his hand away under the table and he glared daggers at her, clenching his hands into fists.
"It's on me guys, don't worry about it." Liam interjected their quiet, heated exchange.
"What?" Emma hit the back of her head on the table as she sat up too fast. "No, we can pay for it."
"Ouch. You okay?" Liam asked with a concerned smile. "I know you can, but I asked you guys to come with me. My treat."
"Your treat?" Shane joked, rubbing his belly. "I knew I should of ordered dessert."
"Did you guys want any pie or anything?" Angela the waitress inquired.
"No. We're fine, thank you," Emma replied fast before Shane could even open his mouth. Once again, he glared at her, his jaw clenched. She turned to Liam and smiled, mostly to piss Shane off. "Thank you. This was fun."
"My pleasure." Liam beamed as he gave the waitress his card.
When they were on the way out of the restaurant, Shane let Liam go and held Emma back by jerking her arm hard.
"Don't you ever embarrass me like that in public again." His face was boiling red and his eyes blazed.
"Fuck. You," Emma ground out through clenched teeth, feeling bold and tired of his shit. His eyes flashed, his jaw clenched and unclenched and his hands were in fists. Emma leaned towards him, whispering softly, "Do it. You fucking coward. I. Dare. You."
They stared at one another a moment before she walked away first, knowing he hated that as well. She was beyond caring at that point and stood up a little taller, feeling brave. It was over for her. She was done. She just needed to let him know and for that, she needed to stay strong, because it would be war. One that she was determined to win.
They made it home safe, with Liam making idle chit chat with Emma and Shane silent in his fury, pouting in the back seat.
"Thanks for lunch, Liam." Emma said, her hand trembling a bit as she reached for the door handle. Shane pulled open the back door and leaned in to echo his thanks.
"No problem you guys. I had fun hanging out with you. I haven't had any friends since moving here." He waved at Shane as he closed the car door and walked to the front door of their apartment. He reached a hand toward her as she opened the door, but didn't touch her. Still she felt the heat from his fingers as they hesitated inches from her arm. "You okay?"
Emma plastered a bright smile onto her face and looked him right in the eyes. "Yeah. I'm fine. I'll meet you at work later, okay?"
"I can swing by if you want me to..." Liam trailed off, leaving his words to hang in the air.
"No it's fine. Really. Thanks again."
Emma swiftly got out of the car and rushed to the front door without so much as a backwards glance. If she stayed in that car any longer, she would lose her resolve to finish things with Shane and she knew she needed to do that for herself. Shane stood silently beside her, his anger rolling off of him in thick waves. Emma could practically taste his hatred, putrid and bitter on her tongue. Her pulse throbbed against her temple, a warning of things to come.
As soon as the lock turned and the knob was turned, he grabbed her by her hair and pushed her roughly inside. The door slammed behind him as she quickly got to her feet, not wanting to give him any more advantage. She was taller than him and knew that she could fight him and win if necessary, but his anger tended to make him stronger. It was now or never.
"I can't do this anymore, Shane!" Emma shouted at him, keeping her distance, but trying not to get backed into a corner.
He took a menacing step towards her and she instantly regretted that she was stuck in the house with him. If looks could kill, she would be in a great deal of physical pain by now and judging by the looks of him, it was still entirely plausible. She eyed the door, but he was in the way. In order to leave the apartment, since there was no back door, she would have to somehow get past him. At the moment, she was too scared to move her feet.
"Do what?" he grunted, stepping towards her again.
She countered with a step to the back and to the side, gesturing between them. "This. Us. You're too angry all the time. I just can't do it anymore."
"Oh, I see. You were impressed by your new little boyfriend paying for our food today, weren't you?" Shane spit the words out with force, his voice dripping with venom. "I told you once before, I will never let you go."
Emma's lower lip trembled with the effort not to break down. "No Shane. We're done. We're over. You need help."
"No! You need to be taught a lesson. You. Are. Mine!"
He lunged at her and she stepped to the side, but not quite fast enough. The back of his hand collided with her face in a hard smack and she was slammed against the wall by her shoulder. Her heart thudded against her ribcage, threatening to break free from her chest. He dug his nails in, making her cry out and she kneed him in the groin, making a run for the door as he collapsed onto the ground.
"You bitch!" He screamed as she raced out the door as fast as her legs could carry her, her tears flowing freely down her face.
Her phone dropped out of her apron pocket and onto the grass, but she just kept running. She got to work and banged on the door, knowing Liam was there, but had not yet locked up the door.
"Liam!" Emma cried, her voice hoarse from all the crying. She looked down the street to make sure Shane wasn't there, but thankfully saw no sign of him. "Open up! Please!"
Liam appeared at the glass door and unlocked it with one deft move, letting her in.
"Lock it, quick!" She cried and then ran to the back of the store so that Shane wouldn't see her if he did happen to show up.
He followed her and pulled her into his arms, hugging her tightly against him. She sagged into his arms and sobbed uncontrollably. He held her, shushing her and making soothing circles on her lower back. He buried his face in her hair, nuzzling her neck and telling her repeatedly that it would be okay. He only let go when she calmed down and finally pulled away. Even then, one hand was brushing the hair out of her face and the other was on her hip. She grabbed his hand and kissed his palm, holding it against her swollen cheek.
She winced as he gingerly rubbed a thumb over her cheekbone, his eyebrows knitting together. He halted his movements as he put it all together. "Did he hit you?"
Emma bit her lip and nodded, afraid to speak in case she started crying all over again.
"I'll kill him. Where is he? Is he at your house?" Liam started towards the front door, his face determined, his movements full of purpose, but Emma pulled at his arm. "Did you call the police?"
"No, I dropped my phone, but don't go. I already took care of him. I got him in the balls," she smiled, this time the expression making its way into her eyes. "He's probably still on the floor, curled into a little ball."
"That's my girl," Liam beamed, pulling her towards him, molding her body to his.
"Your girl?" She grinned at the sentiment, at the closeness of him.
"If that's okay?" Liam asked softly, cupping her face between his palms and placing a kiss on her shiner.
"Mmmhmmm," Emma mumbled and nodded, breathing in his scent, her heart beating fast and free.
"My girl," he whispered as he kissed her ear, kissing along her jawline and down her neck. She let out a gasp, then groaned as his tongue pressed against her delicate skin and his teeth grazed against the sweet spot just below her ear.
"Ohhhh," she groaned and her arms slid up to his shoulders, her hands holding on for dear life.
"Can I kiss you?" He whispered, his hands roaming down to her waist, and under the hem of her shirt to skim along the bare skin of her lower back.
"Please?" Emma's words came out as a plea, sensations flowing through her that hadn't been brought forth in a very long time.
Liam kissed back up her neck, to her jaw, along both cheeks, finally reaching her lips. His mouth was firm, yet soft, as they moved gently against hers. He took his time and she savored every single moment of his torturously slow pursuit. When he sucked her lower lip into his mouth and pulled back, allowing his teeth to tug at the swollen flesh, she let out a low growl.
"Did you just growl at me?" He teased smugly, his thumb brushing across her lips.
She wrapped her lips around his thumb, then bit it gently. "I did."
"Oh my god." He bit his lip and his eyes widened as his voice got lower, husky even. "Do it again. That was incredibly sexy."
Emma smirked. "The biting? Or the growl?"
"Both." His eyes glowed bright as his eyebrows drew lower. He bit his lip and pulled her closer, pressing his lips to hers and nudging her mouth open with his tongue.
Emma allowed him access without hesitation, matching the rhythm of his tongue with her own. She groaned against his mouth and looped her fingers in his belt loops, pulling him closer to her. His bulge pressed against her groin, eliciting a small moan to flit out of her mouth. Liam groaned in response, their sounds muffled by their interlocked lips. Emma nibbled on his lower lip and he groaned, his eyes flying open.
His eyes darkened as she released his lip, running her tongue along his lower lip. His fingernails dug into her hips and he picked Emma up, causing her to gasp. She held onto his shoulders as he set her on the make table with ease. He settled himself in between her legs and she wrapped them around him, pulling him closer still. Liam's lopsided smile stretched his full, pouty lips, revealing white, straight teeth.
"I'm only going to ask this once, before I can no longer think with my brain," he said with a chuckle, his hands on her waist as he gazed at her with heat in his eyes.
"Okaaayyy," Emma drawled, one eyebrow shooting up as her hands went up the front of his shirt to stroke his hard abs and chest. His skin was warm against her palms and sweaty. She bit her lip as she waited. "What is it?"
"Are you sure you want to do this with me? Right here? Right now?" He tenderly touched her bruised eye, sadness and anger brewing in his eyes. He sighed, looking down for a moment. "Because, we can wait if you want to. No pressure."
Emma cocked her head to the side and grabbed his face, pulling it up so that he had to look at her. "I want you. Right here. Right now. No hesitation."
"That's all I needed to hear," Liam growled and untucked his shirt, pulling it up over his head with Emma's help, kicking off his shoes.
"I just want to lick your sweaty abs," Emma murmured, then blinked hard, peeking up at him through her lashes as he began to take off her shoes as well, dropping them to the floor. "Is that weird?"
"Not at all. I want to lick every part of you," Liam said point blank, causing Emma's jaw to drop.
"That's so fucking hot," Emma murmured as his lips claimed hers once more, this time with more urgency.
Emma's shirt was the next thing to go, his fingertips lightly touching her back in a caress. She shivered, goosebumps forming all over her body. Her fingers unclasped his belt and unbuttoned his pants, pulling the zipper down in one fluid motion. He let them drop to the floor and kicked them away.
"Wait. Condom?" Emma asked, breathless with desire.
"Yes," Liam began kissing her neck once more, his fingers working to unclasp her lacy, purple bra.
"Mmmmm," came Emma's reply as he slid the bra straps slowly off her shoulders, kissing down to her collar bone. "Good."
"Mmmhmm." He raised his head as she shrugged out of the lingerie top, the cups falling away and exposing her breasts. He inhaled sharply, tossing the bra off to the side as he took in the view of her topless. Her cheeks pinkened, the blush spreading down her neck, her nipples puckering in response. "You're so fucking beautiful..."
"Am not," Emma countered weakly with wide eyes, taken aback by the compliment.
"Are so," Liam whispered softly as he reached out and flicked her nipples with his thumbs. She let out a soft mewling sound and her back arched, pushing her breasts further into his hands.
Liam teased her nipples, pinching and rolling them between his fingers until they formed hard peaks. Emma closed her eyes, reveling in the sensations he was providing her. His mouth was on her breasts, his tongue warm and wet as he tasted her. This action sent electric tingles through her body like shockwaves, the pleasure building until it was almost too painful.
He let out a gravelly moan, the vibration causing an even bigger pleasure spike to wrack her. She shuddered, her breathing shallow as she gripped the stainless steel table beneath her. Her body thrummed, craving a release. A low rumble escaped her, the noise primal and impatient. She bit her lip and opened her eyes to look at him.
She grabbed him by his hair gently, lifting his head to kiss his lips. Her tongue delved in and explored his mouth greedily, frantic in her need to taste more of him. He exclaimed in surprise at her fevered kisses, his sounds muffled by her mouth. She broke the kiss and licked his ear, circling around the outer edge before nibbling on his earlobe. He hissed and dug his nails into her hips.
"Please," she whimpered against his neck as she buried her face, her tongue flicking out to taste his salty skin. "I need you."
Her mouth moved at the sensitive spot on the side of his neck as she alternated kisses and licks. When she bit him there, he hissed and helped her off of the table to remove her pants. His fingers fumbled with her button clumsily and he cursed under his breath when the zipper got stuck. Emma stilled his movements with her hands on his and a smirk on her face.
She hooked her thumbs in her pants and pulled them down slowly. His eyes tracked her movements hungrily, biting his lip when she had to bend over. Her movements were slow and deliberate as she stepped out of her black pants, tossing them nonchalantly to the side. He waited only a moment, taking in her lacy, violet bottoms, his mouth slightly agape.
Then Liam moved towards her, turning her around so that her backside was pressed against his pelvis, one arm wrapped around her stomach. With his other hand, he stroked from her neck down to her hip, leaving a trail of goosebumps in the wake of his fingertips. Emma trembled beneath his touch, heat spreading to her belly and groin as she released a strangled sigh.
"How much do you want me?" Liam said against her ear, tickling the small hairs at the base of her neck.
She shivered and leaned back against him, her voice strained, "Very much so."
"Good," he replied, smiling against her neck as his hand continued its descent to play with her through her panties, rubbing her mound until she ground her ass into him. "Because I have wanted you since the first moment I saw you."
Emma's breath hitched as he slipped his hand beneath the waistband of her panties, nestling in her curls. His confession delighted her and she smiled to herself. Liam's finger slid down her slit to her core, circling the entrance before slipping slowly inside.
"Oh my god," Emma gasped, reaching up to touch his dark, silky hair. "That feels so good."
Liam's voice rumbled against her neck, "You are so fucking beautiful I can't stand it."
Emma bit her lip and ground against his hand as the heel of his palm rubbed against her clit. All too soon she felt the pressure building, her body tensing, her thighs trembling in preparation. She bucked against his hand as she came hard, liquid heat covering his fingers as he pulled them out of her. He eased her off of her orgasm, rubbing slower until the waves of pleasure subsided.
Liam kissed her ear, sending shivers down her spine. "Are you ready for this?"
Emma nodded, unable to speak and tried to turn around to face him, but he held her in place with his hand.
"No. I want you just like this. Bend over." Liam's rough hands caressed her back in reassurance.
Emma let out a soft sigh and did as she was told, more turned on than she had ever been before. He kissed down her back, his hard-on pressing against her scantily clad bottom as he slid his hands down her sides. When his lips reached her lower back, he pulled her lace panties all the way down until they fell on the floor, leaving Emma exposed. Liam stepped away from her for a moment and when she looked behind her, the way he was taking in the view of her behind in the air caused her to smile smugly.
A blush crept from her cheeks to her neck, then all the way down her body when he took off his boxer briefs. When he stroked the hard length of his dick, her train of thought derailed. All she could think was how much she wanted him. He didn't leave her stunned for too long before he was behind her once more, this time both hands on her ass. He leaned down and kissed each cheek before dipping his tongue into the apex between her thighs. Emma groaned and pushed against his mouth as he licked her just once before standing upright.
"I love the way you taste, but I can't wait any longer," Liam grunted.
Emma heard the sound of something ripping open and then the distinction of latex being rolled onto his cock before he was pressing against her. He circled the head of his erection around her slippery entrance, lubing her up with the result of her orgasm. Liam grabbed her hips and pushed inside of her, slowly at first, waiting for her to acclimate to the welcome invasion. She gripped the edges of the steel table and moaned while he began to thrust in and out of her.
"Oh Liam. Oh yes. Please," Emma whimpered, her eyes closing at the sensations assaulting her body. It was pure bliss.
"Please what, sweetheart?"
"Oh please, Liam. Please fuck me," Emma pressed her lips together in an effort to quiet her moans which were rising volume. She managed a small whisper, her voice cracking slightly, "Harder."
Liam gripped her hips and began to fuck her harder, picking up speed with each and every thrust. Unable to contain the primal sounds bubbling up inside of her, she finally let loose. Her cries were nearly animalistic in nature and Liam responded with his own wild grunts of pleasure.
The pressure began to churn inside her, building and building until she feared she might spontaneously combust from the sensations. Liam felt her pussy quiver and clench around his cock. He slowed his thrusts, then halted his movements, causing Emma to whimper.
"Don't stop. Please don't stop," Emma begged, her voice husky and low.
Liam tugged on her earlobe with his teeth and whispered in her ear, "Baby, I want to see your face when you cum."
Emma gasped, then shivered, biting her lip. When he pulled out, she felt the loss and let out a soft mewling sound. Her breath came in heavy pants as the high of her impending orgasm was left unfulfilled. Gently, Liam grabbed her by the hips and turned her around to face him.
He kissed her long and hard, their tongues moving together in sync. His hands were in her hair, then on her ass, squeezing and massaging. Her hands move to his shoulders, gripping him tightly against her, savoring the kiss. He groaned and tried to lift her up onto the table, eager to continue their fuck session.
Emma stopped him with a mischievous grin and a shake off her head. She trailed her nails down his bare chest, stopping just above his erection which jumps at the closeness of her hand. His jaw is slack and his eyes are glazed as he stares at her, waiting to see what she was going to do next. Emma kisses a trail down his chest, to his abs, where she flicked out her tongue, flattening it against his skin as she tasted him.
"Mmmm, so salty. You taste delicious." Emma says softly, looking up at him through her lashes.
Liam's jaw flexed as he peered down at her, his hands petting her hair. "Time to finish what we started, love."
Emma smiled coyly and stood up, her hands running up his muscular arms to rest in his well defined shoulders. He grabbed her ass and hoisted her back up on the cool, metal table top, his lips crushing against hers passionately. Liam eased her onto her back, his teeth and tongue grazing against each nipple until they rose up like pebbles from her breasts.
Emma's back arched up from the table against the pleasurable assault of his mouth as he pressed his thumb against her clit, working her back into a frenzy. He began to thrust back into her, gripping be her hip with his free hand to keep her from sliding away from him. When her thighs began to shake, he slowed his movements once more and moved his hands to her legs to get her attention.
"Don't stop. Oh please, Liam. Don't stop." Emma's eyes were shut tight and her breath came in soft pants as she held onto his arms.
"Look at me, sweetheart," he replied, his voice thick with lust.
Her eyelashes fluttered and she locked eyes with him, pleading silently for him to let her get off. It had been so long, too long. Liam moved his hands to get hips and pushed back into her, not once breaking eye contact as he watched her completely lose control. Her orgasm came swift and hard, seemingly endless as she held his hands, looking deep into his eyes.
The look of pure bliss on her face was his undoing and he spilled his seed, growling at the intensity of his release. Liam pulled her up, needing to hold her after such an intimate moment. He kissed her ear and brushed his fingers along her spine until she shivered, goosebumps rising up all over.
"Stay with me tonight," Liam finally spoke, breaking the moment with his humble request. "Let me keep you safe."
"Okay." Emma smiled and snuggled against his neck, breathing in the scent of his musk as she inhaled. "I just need to pick up some things from the apartment. Shane will probably be there. Will you take me."
Liam stiffened, remembering what the bastard had done to her. "You should report him."
"I will. Tomorrow though. Tonight, I just -I wanna get through tonight, with you. Okay?" Emma pulled back and looked up at him. "I only need a couple of things. Like my phone for one if it's still in one piece."
"Alright, let's clean up after ourselves first." He smirked at her just then, humor lighting his eyes at what they'd just done. "Otherwise the person prepping in the morning is not going to be working with a very clean surface."
"We were pretty dirty," Emma teased in her most serious voice.
"I'm pretty sure what we did back there is against food safety guidelines." He let out a barking laugh, causing Emma to giggle.
They cleaned up quickly and got dressed, making sure everything was locked up tight as they exited the building. As they got into the car and buckled their seatbelts, the light joking from earlier was gone. Instead, they were left with a sobering slap of reality as Liam took her to the apartment. Emma had her hands balled into fists in her lap and Liam's knuckles turned white as he gripped the steering wheel extra hard, trying to channel his anger.
"I'll go in with you," Liam stated as they stopped in front of the beige building.
"Okay," Emma said, feeling safer knowing he was at her side.
Liam turned off the engine and got out, walking around until he could open her door for her. She sat there unmoving for a moment until he touched her cheek, bringing her back to the present.
"I'm right here." He offered his hand and she took it, getting slowly out of the vehicle.
There were no lights on in the place, not even the porch light, which didn't really surprise her. Oftentimes she would come home at night and the only illumination would be from the glowing of the television as Shane played his video games into the wee hours of the morning. Liam shined the flashlight from his phone on the doorknob so that she could see to unlock the door. Emma took a deep breath and turned the key quickly, pushing the door open.
"Shane?" she called out, but heard nothing; no movement, no voices, no video games. It was pitch black in there.
"Let me go first," Liam mumbled behind her, stepping around her and fumbling for the light switch. "Let there be light."
Emma narrowed her eyes in confusion as she took it all in. "His stuff is gone."
"What?"
"The TV, the game system, his chair... it's gone." Emma walked into the hallway, making her way to the other rooms to check things out. "Yep, everything of Shane's is gone from here, too."
Liam wasn't really sure what to do. So, he followed her and rubbed her shoulder. "You okay?"
"Yeah. I just didn't expect him to give up so easily." Emma turned around and let out a shaky breath as she wrapped her arms around his waist and buried her face in his chest. "Thank god. I was kind of hoping he wouldn't be here to start shit. Guess he really is a coward."
"You're right about that. Still wanna go to my place?" Liam asked tenderly, hoping she would say yes.
"Totally. Just let me get some overnight stuff and we can go. Can I shower at your place?" Emma leaned back to look at him, a small smile tugging at the corners of her lips.
"You naked in my apartment? Like I would turn that down." He brushed her hair out of her eyes and kissed her forehead, his smile like a beacon in the middle of a storm.
Emma giggled and let go of him to pack her bag. Less than ten minutes later, they were turning off lights and locking the door.
"Shit, my phone. I think I dropped it over here somewhere," she sighed as Liam once again shined the flashlight on his phone in the direction she was headed. "Yay! Here it is."
Liam smiled at her childlike enthusiasm and they headed to the car. After latching themselves in, he grabbed her hand, holding it as they began to drive. He kissed her hand and she smiled as they started to drive towards his place. For once, she felt genuine happiness.
"Did you ever think we'd end up together?" Emma said softly, biting her lip.
"No, but I always held out hope." Came his sweet reply, warming Emma's heart.
"You know, I think I did too."
"Oh, is that so?" Liam questioned softly.
"Yes." Emma smiled as she squeezed his hand, never wanting this moment to end. "Yes, it is."