Getting on in years is no fun! Fact is when things start to deteriorate it seems to happen all at once. That's how I found myself at the orthopaedic surgeons office.
"Right this way, Mr. Collier. I'm Dr. Colby's assistant. Please step on the scale."
"Shoes or no shoes?
"You may leave them on."
I stepped on the scale and she dutifully recorded my weight.
"One moment while I get your height."
"Don't you have all this on my chart?"
"Of course we do, Mr. Collier, we just want to check for any changes." She explained. Now sit down right here while I check your blood pressure."
The routine was always the same, name and birth date then weight, height and blood pressure. The preliminaries out of the way I was escorted to an exam room.
After a thorough review of my surgeries for throat cancer and cataracts the doctor's assistant left me to wait for the doctor. There was an old Good Housekeeping magazine but nothing else to read so I looked for an article to occupy my time. Before I could find one the doctor knocked softly and entered the exam room. She was a striking redhead that reminded me of Maureen O'Hara as Mary Kate in The Quiet Man.
"Good morning, Mr. Collier, what brings you in today?" Her assistant followed her into the exam room and opened up a file on her laptop computer.
I'm sure she knew but I answered anyway. "I think I may have carpel tunnel, doctor."
"What makes you think that?" Her assistant made notes on my file as the doctor questioned me.
"My wife had surgery for carpel tunnel last year and she says my symptoms sound a lot like what she experienced."
"And what are those symptoms?"
"I get numbness in my hand when holding the steering wheel or a rake or sometimes just sitting watching tv."
"Just one hand?"
"So far."
"Are you right handed or left handed?"
"Right handed."
"And is the numbness in your right hand?"
"No, it's in my left."
"Hmmm, curious. How long has this been going on?"
"I'm not sure, it may have started three or four years ago."
"Mr. Collier, I'm going to ask you some personal questions. They may not seem appropriate to you but I can assure you that these questions have a direct bearing on your condition so I require absolute honesty. Is that clear?"
"Yes doctor, of course. If my last few months of treatment by various doctors have taught me anything it is that the better the information I give you the better you will be able to treat me!"
"I wish all my patients had that attitude, Mr. Collier." She smiled as she began, "When was the last time you and your wife had sex?"
"What?"
"When was the last time you and your wife had sex?" She repeated coolly. "It's a simple question and the answer is important to my diagnosis."
I'm sure I blushed. The doctor and her assistant stared waiting for my answer. "I'm not sure, maybe eight or ten years ago."
"In my experience this is not uncommon, Mr. Collier. Did you find yourself masturbating more frequently?"
I stared slack jawed in stunned disbelief at her question.
"Remember, Mr. Collier, I need honest answers to make my diagnosis. Masturbation is a natural outlet for men and women when their sexual needs are unfulfilled. Please answer the question."
I know I was blushing. "Yes." Her assistant stared at the terminal as she made another entry. I swear I saw the slightest smirk on her lips.
"There's no need to be ashamed, Mr. Collier. As I said, masturbation is a natural activity for humans. Isn't that right, Susan?" She asked her assistant.
"Yes, doctor." She smiled, "When my husband is away on business he likes to call in the evening and we have phone sex! Sometimes, if I'm really horny I might start before he calls."
"But, doctor, I don't see the connection."
"You will, Mr. Collier, just a few more questions. Do you use pornography?"
I know I was blushing. "Yes."
"On the computer?"
"Yes."
"And you use your right hand for the mouse?"
"Yes."
"Then you have to use your left hand to masturbate, don't you?"
"Yes, doctor."
"Mr. Collier, in order for me to confirm my diagnosis we need to duplicate the conditions that bring on the symptoms you describe."
"I don't understand."
"Mr. Collier, if you were having prostate problems..."
"Please, don't even go there, I have enough problems already."
"As I was saying, if you were having prostate problems your urologist would ask you for a urine sample and an ejaculate sample to make an accurate diagnosis."
"I guess."
"In this case I need to observe the activity that brings on your symptoms."
"What?"
"I want to watch you masturbate until the symptoms appear to that I can evaluate the extent of the damage." She managed to explain with a straight face but her assistant was having trouble keeping a serious look on her face.
"Susan, let Mr. Collier have a seat at the computer."
Her assistant stood up as Dr. Colby took my arm and guided me to the terminal. "What is your favorite web site? Do you like videos or stories?"
"Literotica."
"I've heard of that! Have you, Susan?"
"Yes, doctor, when my husband and I want to play we like to read the bondage and discipline stories together."
"Who's the dom?"
"We take turns."
"Sounds like fun, doesn't it, Mr. Collier?"
I nodded my agreement not believing my ears.
"Can you find a recent story that helped you get in the mood?"
I racked my brain trying to remember a story that might be the least kinky. All I could come up with was one I had written myself, "Leo and Nature." It is a story about a man who masturbates in a park and is joined by a woman. I opened up the web site and my page and found the story.
Dr. Colby leaned over my shoulder, her breasts touching me as she took the mouse, "May I?"
I offered no resistance as she made a few clicks and read the key words. "Hmmm... I see, is this your favorite author?"
"Yes."
"Is there another story you like?"
"I clicked on "Michelle Finds Out" and Dr. Colby took the mouse again to check the key words.
"I see a common thread here Mr. Collier, you seem to be attracted to stories that involve CFNM. Do you know what that is Susan?"
Her assistants eyes lit up as she exclaimed, "Why yes I do doctor, my husband and I practice it at home. He's a bit of a show off, sometimes I get my sister or a girl friend involved."
My face was beet red, I could feel my heart pounding in my ears.
"Don't be embarrassed, Mr. Collier. We all have our little sexual fantasies and yours is about to become reality. Please disrobe so that we can watch you masturbate."
I sat in stunned disbelief at her order. She was so professional, so dispassionate. "Please, Mr. Collier, I have other patients; we can't take the rest of the day."
Her assistant pulled a chair out from the desk on the far side of the room, "You can put your clothes here, Mr. Collier."
I was almost in a trance, the idea was so unreal. Two women I'd just met minutes before expected me to disrobe while they watched. Nothing I had ever written, no fantasy I had ever imagined could compare with the feelings I was experiencing. I suddenly became aware of my penis throbbing in my pants as I removed my shirt and laid it on the chair.
"Let's not take all day, Mr. Collier."
I stepped out of my shoes and unbuckled my belt. My wildest dream could not compare to the excitement I was experiencing! I draped my trousers over the back of the chair. "Underwear too, Mr. Collier, but you can leave your socks on if you'd like, the floor is a little cold."
I turned and faced the women, heart racing and face beet red. "Well, well, Mr. Collier certainly doesn't suffer from ED does he Susan?"
"I should say not, doctor, pity his wife doesn't appreciate what he has to offer." She smiled sweetly and asked, "May I, Mr. Collier?"
I was too stunned by the circumstances to fully comprehend what she was asking. She took my silence for consent and gently held my erect penis in her petite hand. My knees buckled slightly. "Careful, Susan, we need to observe Mr. Collier masturbate to evaluate his condition and you over stimulating him isn't helping."
She gave me a little tug and guided me to the terminal. "Be seated, Mr. Collier."
"Don't be shy now, Mr. Collier." Dr. Colby instructed, "I need to see exactly what you've been doing that has brought on this condition. Would it help if you were reading one of your stories?"
"It might."
"Do you need some lubricant? I'd hate for you to get a blister. Susan, get Mr. Collier some KY jelly."
"Certainly doctor, we don't want him to injure himself." Her tone was bemused; like she had seen this display before. I didn't look but it sounded to me like she was enjoying my discomfort.
I opened up "Leo and Nature" and began to read.
"It was the first really nice day of spring and Leo was hiking in the Metroparks. This was his annual salute to spring. He liked to hike to a secluded spot on a ridge above the river. He would sunbathe for a while and just before he left his favorite perch he would jack off. Leo liked being naked. He liked being naked in the woods. And he liked to stroke his cock, especially in the great outdoors. There was a special excitement about being on display for the whole world to see. Of course he never had a real audience just his imagination to spur him on. Leo was a closet exhibitionist. He would be mortified if any of his friends knew about his secret desires."
Susan returned with the KY jelly and offered it to me, "Hold out your hand, Mr. Collier." She was standing by my side and she held the tube slightly to the left of my hand so that I had to look to see where it was. "My, my, doctor!" She observed. "He certainly has a nice strong erection, doesn't he?"
"Yes, Susan, he does! Now give him some jelly so I can get on with my observations."
I looked up into her twinkling eyes as she squirted the lube on my fingers. No longer hiding her opinion of my predicament she grinned broadly as she asked, "Enough?"
"I think so." I mumbled.
Dr. Colby spoke in her best professional voice, "Hold your shaft like you always do and stroke it."
I sat in the chair like I do at home, on the edge with my legs spread and my balls hanging off the chair. I seemed to have an out of body experience. In my mind's eye I watched this naked man masturbate with his doctor and her assistant hovering over him.
Dr. Colby broke the silence, "Do you see how Mr. Collier rests his hand on his thigh and uses short strokes as he squeezes ever so slightly on every outwards stroke?"
"I do, doctor."
"This is classic repetitive motion that leads to CTS." Speaking to me she asked, "How long do you usually masturbate, Mr. Collier?"
"Sometimes just a few minutes but if my wife is at work for an hour or two." i admitted.
"You can stay hard for an hour?" Susan blurted incredulously. "His wife is a fool!"
"Please, Susan, get a hold on. I'm trying to make a diagnosis." After reprimanding her assistant Dr. Colby continued her questioning, "You do this every day?"
"Most days."
"And are you always seated at your computer reading?
"Usually I'm writing."
Her eyes widened, "What do you write?"
"I wrote this." I admitted.
"Fascinating, would you care to read some of it to me?"
I started reading, "At the top of the hill Anne watched. She had been watching since Leo opened his wine. She saw him drink his toast but couldn't hear him. She didn't know about his wish for courage or his desire to meet an understanding woman. She watched silently as he performed his ritual and she wanted to join him. But Anne hid and watched; she was afraid he wouldn't find her attractive. She was full figured and aware of every ounce of weight. She wished for an earlier time in history when sturdy women were the fashion. It kept her from finding friends let alone lovers. Leo fascinated her. As he slowly stroked his chest she caressed her breasts. When he began rubbing his thigh she mirrored his actions. Her excitement mounted as she watched his erection grow. Her desire overcame her shyness."
"So jacking off for us is a dream come true?"
"Yes doctor." I admitted.
"You do this every day?"
"Sometimes twice."
"Do you ejaculate both times"
"What does that have to do with your diagnosis?"
"Very little actually. Truth be told it is the stroking itself that is causing your symptoms. Is there any numbness now?"
"Yes."
"Where?"
"It's just all over, My thumb and fingers mostly."
"Your index finger?
"Not so much."
"Let me see." She took my hand in her gloved hand. As she examined each finger she asked, Here,,,,, here..."
She nodded as I answered. "You do indeed have CTS, Mr. Collier. You can get dressed now, unless."
"Unless what?"
"I know this has been a strange examination for you Mr. Collier. I don't want you to leave here in any discomfort and I certainly don't want you to jack-off in your car on the way home. Would you like to cum for us."
"Oh, please say yes Mr. Collier, if you can stay hard for an hour or more I'd just love to see how much you can come!"
Without answering I quickened my pace and within seconds rope after rope of sticky cum arced under the desk and landed on the floor.
"Impressive, Mr. Collier, your wife should be ashamed of herself. Letting that nice hard cock and all that hot cum go to waste."
"That's enough, Susan. Let's leave Mr. Collier to get dressed." Turning to me she said, "Be a dear and clean up the mess you made. There are paper towels by the sink."
They left the exam room but I could hear their exchange just outside the door.
"I don't believe what I just saw, doctor."
"They are all the same, Susan, when they come in for an exam all I need to do is give them the flimsiest of medical reasons and they will get naked and jack off."
"I blushed knowing I'd been had but I smiled knowing deep down she was right and I loved every minute!
That was a year ago and today was my third post surgery exam. It started just like all the others; name, birth date, height, weight and BP. Susan escorted me to an exam room. Please disrobe Mr. Collier so you'll be ready for Dr. Colby to watch you masturbate. Each follow-up visit was the same. Dr. Colby went through the charade of having me masturbate so she could evaluate the status of my CTS. It wasn't even embarrassing any more, in fact, it' become one of my favorite fantasies.
Moments after I was naked Dr. Cloby knocked softly and entered the room. Instead of Susan she was followed by a petite black woman. "Good morning, Mr. Collier! I see you are ready for your examination. This is Dr. Leslie Middlefield my new surgical intern. She will be joining us for your exam. Please start stroking so I can see how you are doing and please explain to Dr. Middlefield about your treatment."
I blushed as a whole new level of humiliation crept over me. Dr. Middlefield gazed dispassionately as I explained my treatment and asked questions as I tried to jack-off and talk at the same time. There was another soft knocking at the door and Susan entered. "Has he cum yet?"
"You haven't missed a thing." Dr. Colby said.
"I think he's ready, ladies! Dr. Middlefield observed.
I closed my eyes and sighed as cum spurted onto the floor in front of me.
"You know where the towels are Mr. Collier." Susan said as the women left the room.
"They pay you for this?" Dr. Middlefield wondered.
"Yes they do! Isn't medicine marvelous?" Dr. Colby laughed.