Part 1: The Grocery Store
I'm a straight married man with kids. As straight as straight can be. Well, I used to be anyway. My addiction to porn led me down a dark path of watching sissies suck cock, and soon enough I found myself wanting to be them. My fantasies went on for years, until a chance encounter 6 months ago led me to suck a cock in a nightclub toilet when I was blind drunk, and I'd been holding back since then. The guilt of what I did was too much to bear so I blocked it all out, and promised myself I'd never do anything like that again.
But over time I realised it was too late. I'd already gone past that line and I couldnt go back. Despite being blind drunk at the time, I could still clearly remember his cock hardening in my mouth, his shaft sliding in and out, his fingers running through my hear as he groaned, and the taste of his cum as it shot into my mouth and across my lips.
My obsession and craving for cock deep within me had grown to the point where I just couldn't contain it anymore. I needed to service another cock.
And I was obsessed with the idea of sucking a strangers cock in public. Making someone else do something they normally wouldnt, just like I had.
My moment came when my wife was taking the kids to the in-laws for the weekend.
So i took the chance, and went a few suburbs away from where I lived to ensure I wouldnt bump into anyone I knew.
I was going to walk around town looking for a willing cock to suck, lick, or swallow. In a public toilet, an alleyway, behind the coffee shop, on a park bench. I didn't care. I just wanted some hard dick to stroke and taste, any flavor of dick, all flavors of dick. And I especially wanted to get on my knees to a stranger and get my throat fucked until they came deep inside my mouth.
As I walked, I spotted a grocery store. Perfect spot, I thought, as my mind raced and my heart pounded in my chest with excitement.
The store was packed with people doing their weekly grocery shopping. Some even added cases of water, diapers, and canned food to their carts as if they were preparing for a hurricane.
Everyone walked around looking stressed, no doubt from their busy lives. I wondered if I could relax all these anxious customers with my mouth.
I wondered if they would be willing to give up anything, including letting him swallow their loads, to forget about the world for a little while. I scanned the store for my target. Any man with a hard dick and confidence.
Any man who wasn't afraid to let another guy blow him right there in the open.
I took the first step when I saw the guy. I started to head over in behind an average-height brown-haired man in the veggie aisle, who was checking out the avocados for their firmness.
Another dad. I spotted his wedding ring. He must be picking up stuff for his family. His wife probably thought her husband was coming home after work and they were going to have a nice dinner together. If only she knew.
If only she knew that her husband was about to enjoy himself with a random stranger in the grocery store. The stranger whose tongue was about to glide across his cock.
Who was about to make him cum so hard he'd lose his breath. And then, in front of the veggie section, I cleared my throat and spoke. "Excuse me." The man turned around. "What?" He said. I then said slowly. "I want your cock in my mouth. "
The man's eyes widened. He looked around like he couldn't believe what he was hearing. Like it wasn't real. Like he wasn't being propositioned by a strange man in a grocery store.
The man took a few steps back, but still held his gaze on me. He looked a bit flustered and uncertain, scared maybe, but could he perhaps be a little interested too? Though I could just be imagining things.
"It's okay, I promise," I whispered. "I'll do anything you want me to do. I'm your dirty fantasy. Give in to it." He continued to stare at me blankly, frozen in place.
I took no response as a trigger for action. After all, anyone not wanting it would surely have punched me in the face by now. I slowly got to my knees in front of him, being careful not to rush things to scare him off.
I looked around and saw people walking bristly by, grabbing items as they went past in their own world, taking no notice of us there.
I slowly unzipped his jeans, reached in and rubbed the head of his dick through his boxer briefs. It felt thick and long.
I looked up at him and licked my lips.
He bent forward. "R, r r right here?" he stammered, also looking around. I nodded and smiled, and that was all I needed to get going.
I reached in and took his cock out. Yes, this was finally it. After all this time, I would have cock again. The rush of excitement through me was incredible, and I was dizzy with lust. I leant forward, and took him in my mouth.
The man groaned from pleasure. And there it was. Finally, finally. His cock was in my mouth. Not only that, but he began to push forward into me, fucking me slowly. With each thrust, I felt the man's balls tighten. Ready to burst. As this went on, I could feel people with their eyes on us now.
I pulled my head off him, as saliva swung from the end of his cock leading to my mouth. He was fully erect, big rock hard cock jutting out of his jeans standing right there against the avocados, and panting like a dog.
I turned and looked around, lines of people waiting to pay at the cashier were all staring, mouths agape. People with their carts full of food, standing there with curious eyes.
I turned back to the man and took him back in my mouth, and started to suck harder, bobbing up and down as hard as I could. This man was almost ready to come. I could feel it.
And now a crowd was watching us.
Now, this was fucking hot!
The man got closer to the edge, pumping his hips faster, harder. Soon, he would explode in my mouth, right here in the middle of the supermarket.
The man grabbed either side of my head with his hands and let out a mighty roar, grunting loudly. God this was intoxicating, feeling him shudder. Feeling his cock pulse as he released what felt like, and tasted like, years of pent up semen just waiting to be explode out of his cock.
The crowd watched us. Unsure what to do. No one moved.
The man kept pushing his hips into me, emptying his balls into my throat. When the man finished, he pulled out as I swallowed every single drop of cum he gave me. There was plenty of it, and it was as delicious as I remembered.
I gave the tip of his cock one final lick and then stood up. He just stood there with a dazed expression on his face. He couldn't believe what had just happened. Neither could I if Im being honest.
Neither could anyone else. One woman rushed over to grab her groceries and then hurriedly pushed her cart away, keeping her eyes fixed on the ground. People didn't know how to react. Should they say something? Call the police and get us arrested for indecent exposure? Avert their eyes and pretend nothing happened?
I looked at the man and he looked back at me like he was in a trance. He didn't seem like the same person he had been ten minutes ago. As if everything had changed. Because it had. Now, he knew the truth. That some men wanted more than what society offered. And that others were willing to give it to them.
I didn't need any of the shopkeepers telling us it was time to go. We both knew what had just happened, and neither of us needed to say another word.
The man put his dick back in his pants and then sheepishly walked out of the store.
But I wasnt finished yet. I felt a fire inside me that I hadn't felt before, my dick was as hard as ever and clearly I was now possessed by something as the things that were racing through my mind were not normal things. And I felt compelled to act on them, like I had no other choice and this was a once in a lifetime opportunity I just had to seize.
As I passed the cashier, I dropped my pants and lifted my ass onto the counter, offering easy access for anyone who wanted it.
I wanted them all. In my mouth. In my ass. I wanted them all, right now. I wanted to be taken and used by multiple men.
As if on cue, the cashier's voice interrupted my thoughts. "Hey, what the fuck are you doing?!".
I looked around and saw a couple of customers shuffle around, my gaze landing on the growing line behind me.
Were they starting to stroke their own dicks? Surely I was seeing things, seeing what I wanted to see.
I should have been worried about getting kicked out, or arrested, but I wasn't. I was blind with lust, and only saw opportunity. I turned back and met the cashier's gaze. "I want you to fuck my ass," I whispered.
The man's eyebrows went up, but he didn't answer. "Please," I said again, louder. "I want you to fuck my ass." Still no answer. But I could see it in his eyes. He was thinking about it.
"This isn't right, this is fucked up." He gestured at the other people in line. "There are people here!" That wasn't going to stop me. I lowered my ass even further, inviting the cashier to take advantage. "I want to make you feel good. I want you to cum inside me", I said finally.
Maybe he was possessed by the same thing I was, I don't know, but that seemed to work. With a shaky hand, he walked around behind me, reached out and placed his hand on my ass. Just lightly at first, almost like a test. Then, with a deep sigh, he pulled his pants down, and I felt his hard cock pushing at the entrance to my ass. With a searing jolt of pain, I cried out, and it popped inside me and slid all the way in. I couldn't believe how thick and hard he was already.
He felt so much bigger than the stranger before him. With a grunt, he rammed into me further, stretching me wide open. For the next several minutes, we rocked together. Slow at first. Then fast. Hard.
My virgin ass was being pounded. I'd taken this to a whole other level now. I no longer just craved sucking cock, I now craved and enjoyed being fucked in the ass by cock. Does this now make me gay? It sure feels like it.
The cashier let out a long, loud groan and I felt his cock swelling inside me. He thrust harder and faster until he came, and I could feel his semen shoot into my ass. The pleasure I felt from this was amazing. As he pulled out, some shots of sperm fired out and dribbled down my leg as it quivered in ecstasy.
Then, he collapsed onto the counter on top of me, gasping for breath. He left his cock inside me, his hands braced on either side. And he stayed like that for a while, as my leg continued to shake while cum dripped down it. Holy fuck, this was so good.
As he got up to clean himself off, without a word, he walked out of the store. No one said anything to him. They were all too busy staring at me, whose legs still shook from the orgasm I was having.
I sat there, spread eagle, on the counter, letting the cashier's cum drip out of me. It was wet and sticky and warm. Like heaven. The others in the crowd waiting in line now seemed to want their turn.
But not yet. I was still reeling from the last guy, basking in the afterglow. There was no doubt about it, I loved the taste of cum. But most of all, I loved being taken by a stranger in public.
I loved how good it felt when they pumped me full of hot seed. How wonderful it was to be completely filled up. So, I continued to lay there, letting everyone stare and lust after me.
Finally, someone moved toward me. A man in a suit. But he wasn't alone. His wife, a woman with bright red hair, was right beside him. He stood there, as if debating with himself what to do. His wife was looking at him like he was turning mad.
The husband was almost glowing with desire. They were the perfect pair - the yin and yang of sexual attraction. The wife reluctantly turned away, but her husband walked forward.
After a moment, he unzipped his pants and pulled out his hard cock, stroking it and moaning. I hadn't imagined others lining up to fuck me after all. I smiled and warm thoughts rushed through me as he slid into me, slowly and tenderly at first. Then, as the last of the cashier's cum leaked from my ass, he started fucking me with everything he had.
He pounded into my prostate and made me cry out in ecstasy. Just as his wife had feared, her husband soon exploded inside me.
He grunted and moaned and roared like an animal. He kept ramming his cock into me until he collapsed with his arms wrapped around me. The wife looked on in disbelief.
She couldn't believe he'd done that. The husband, however, just kissed my cheek. "You're amazing," he murmured.
Then he picked up his pants and left without a backward glance. Leaving me to collect myself. Within a few minutes, another guy stepped up to me. This one had a very long cock and dark skin.
He entered me almost immediately. Sliding in easily as my hole had been opened up more and cum from the previous men had provided sufficient lube.
He went slow at first. And then faster, picking up pace, balls slapping against my ass. As he fucked me, he grabbed a nearby apple and fed it to me. I took a few bites of juicy apple as I was rammed from behind. This was all sorts of fucked up, but I loved it.
When he came, he shouted out in joy, filling me with his seed. I thought he would never stop coming. And then he slid out of me and it was over.
Only a few people remained in the store now, the rest had either left or were outside with their phones out filming. There was video of me in this debaucherous state, but at the time I didn't care. I was flying high.
Lying on the grocery store counter covered and filled with cum. I came on myself at some point I noticed too. This was heaven.
Of the last few men to approach me, the first was a young guy who was almost crying with desire. And the second was an older guy. As they both approached, I staggered off the counter, barely able to stand up after the ass fucking I just endured, and dropped to my knees in front of them. "I want to suck both your cocks", I said, as cum leaked from my ass onto the floor.
The older man nodded and tugged at his jeans, freeing his cock. Without hesitating, I took him in my mouth and began to suck him. The younger man unzipped and stuck out his own cock for me too, which I happily took and sucked on also, switching back and forth between the two men until they were about to cum too.
They both kept fucking my mouth, one then the other, bobbing up and off each one as they hot the back of my throat with each thrust, making me gag and spit everywhere as I pulled off one and was pushed onto the other.
They held my head, keeping me on their cocks. The older man began to roar out his climax, filling my mouth. A moment later, the younger man also cried out in ecstasy. I was kept being pulled on and off their cocks as they ejaculated, sperm shooting down my throat from one as the other shot sperm across my cheek, then they swapped places doing the same.
I tried to swallow as much as he could. But the two men just kept fucking my face, making me milk every drop of cum from their balls. Finally, they pulled away. But they didn't leave.
They leaned against each other, holding hands for a moment. They watched my cum covered face intently. "You okay?" the younger man asked me. "Yeah," I replied. "That was..." The younger man smiled. "Five guys in a row."
"Six actually." The older man nodded. "I'm George and this is my son, David. You were amazing. Thanks."
With that, they left the store.
I got up and ran my hand over my face, then licked the cum off it, not wanting to waste any. It tasted so sweet. I knew right then I was a cum addict.
The other remaining people around the store were watching me as I cleaned up. Still looking shocked and stunned. So I winked at them. Finally, I could hear sirens in the distance, which signalled it was time to leave before they arrived.
I ran out the door, jumped into my car which I parked down the street, and drove home. I quickly showered all the dried up cum from my body and put on some clean clothes. As I lay in bed that night I stroked myself thinking about what had occurred earlier. I came quickly under the sheets, and fell fast asleep with my hand still on my cock, and a smile still on my face.
I had embraced a new part of my life. A new beginning. I did not know what this new future would hold, or what the consequences would be, but for the first time in my life I was excited on a whole different level.