Author's Note: Please read the chapters of this story in order. It's for your own good!I welcome comments and advice from anyone. Thanks for reading.
Chapter 3: Tuesday June 4th, 2013
The 2nd day of Elise's internship began smoothly. She arrived just before 9:00am and buzzed herself into the building with the electric keycard Doctor Peters had given her. She sauntered down the main hall and into his office wearing her favorite jeans, a long-sleeved pullover and flip-flop wedges.
"Hi!" she said brightly to Doctor Peters before settling into her chair.
"Good Morning Elise," Arthur answered casually.
"I can't believe the weather," she volunteered. "It's crazy cold in the City, but then, when I get off the train out here it's so hot!"
"Yeah," Arthur chuckled, "That's summer in San Francisco for you. 'June gloom,' they call it. But it's usually pretty nice out here in the East Bay."
"Yeah, seems like it. It's just hard to know what to wear. I need a jacket in the City and a tank-top out here."
The two of them chatted amicably while beginning the day's work. Doctor Yamamoto wasn't scheduled to pick up Elise until one o'clock that afternoon, so her morning pace felt much more relaxed. Besides, Elise thought, she was far more prepared for him this time. She had risen early, gone for a run to the top of Nob Hill and then taken a long shower to wash and condition her hair and shave her legs. She had been especially careful to do her makeup and hair neatly. Her auburn ponytail was brushed perfectly straight and hung halfway down her slender back. Her equally long forelocks were braided to either side and secured back into a subtle wreath around her head by a slender white ribbon that attached them to the root of her pony tail. It was a style she had worn to a friend's wedding once, and had received many compliments. All that remained now, she thought, was to change into her uniform and stand a little taller – no more slouching!
As the morning wore on, despite her preparations Elise began to feel nervous. At eleven o'clock she got up from her desk and wandered into the closet to reassure herself about her choice of clothes. She planned to wear the white mini-dress with pink pinstripes today, rather than separates. She reviewed the stockings and then held the pink stilettos against the dress to make sure they didn't clash. It all looked okay, so she went back to her desk to get some more work done.
When Doctor Peters started taking lunch orders at noon, however, Elise's stomach was in such a knot that she couldn't even think about eating. She knew the dress was going to be tight and she didn't want to get bloated by eating a big sandwich.
"None for me thanks," she told Doctor Peters with a determined smile.
All three men on her floor decided to eat lunch together in the big kitchen, so Elise took the opportunity to shut herself into the closet and change. First she stripped down to her underwear and bra. Then she pulled the mini-dress off its hangar and gingerly stepped into it.
"God this is tight!" she thought as she tried to wiggle it up over her hips. The dress was far less elastic than the prior day's skirt had been. It was so unforgivingly narrow that she could barely squeeze her ass into it even with its side zipper fully open. She shimmied and danced around the small closet until finally the narrowest part of the dress popped up over her hips. She breathed a sigh of relief, then quickly looped the dress' one strap up over her right shoulder and slid the hidden side zipper up to cinch the dress tight around her midsection. Looking down, she smoothed the fabric into place and noticed how the pink pinstripes followed her every lump and bulge. The dress felt tighter than a compression slip.
Immediately she noticed her first problem. Her bra didn't fit under the one-shouldered dress, even when she converted it to strapless mode. It showed on the left side where the dress dipped below her armpit and even more in back where the dress was cut way down.
"Shoot," she thought, "How did I not realize that before now? Stupid!"
There was nothing to be done except remove her bra, so that is what she did. She peeled the dress off her shoulder, unfastened her size 32A bra and let it drop to the floor. Then she paused for a moment, noticing that her nipples were suddenly plump. She ran her hands over her petite boobs.
"The only advantage of having no boobs, I guess" Elise mused, "is that I can get away without a bra."
She tucked her arm back into the shoulder strap and pulled the top of the dress back into place. Right away the fabric looked smoother over her naked chest, punctuated only by the two subtle bumps of her nipples.
Next came the stockings. The ones Elise chose were mostly sheer, except they were embroidered with white lines that crisscrossed one another in an oversized fishnet pattern. The top bands were smooth and satiny. She carefully pulled each one on over her feet and up to her knees. Once both were that far up, she inched the dress up off her hips and finished pulling the stockings up to the very top of each thigh. This pair was a bit taller than yesterday's, and their satiny top bands snugged right up against her crotch. She noticed immediately that they felt lovely against her skin.
When she pulled her dress back down it seemed just as short as the prior day's skirt had been, but she hoped it wouldn't ride up so much since it wasn't as stretchy.
"Damn, I do feel kinda sexy!" Elise whispered to herself as she caressed the curve-hugging the little dress.
She ran her fingertips around the dress' bottom hem, feeling where it cut off against her stockings.
That's when she noticed the slit in back.
"What the hell?!" she exclaimed aloud. There was a wide slit up back of the dress that felt like it extended three or four inches above the already too-short hemline. She wished for a mirror so she could see it better. It felt like it gapped wide even when she was standing still.
"What will it do when I'm walking?" she despaired.
To find out, Elise strapped on the pink stilettos, opened the door of the closet and clomped her way back to her desk in the awkwardly tall heels.
Luckily the men weren't back from the kitchen yet. She retrieved a small compact mirror from her purse and flipped it open. First she checked that her makeup and hair were still perfect and then she twisted around, trying to line up the little mirror's reflection with the back of her dress. She couldn't hold it steady for long enough to be sure... but she caught a disturbing glimpse of the slit. It seemed to reveal the narrowest part of her lace thong's crotch, right where it disappeared between her butt cheeks.
At that moment Doctor Peters and his two researchers walked in.
"Hi Elise!" Arthur announced.
'Oh!" exclaimed Elise, nearly falling over in her rush to untwist herself and straighten up.
"Whatchya doing?" Doctor Peters asked.
"Ah! Umm, nothing! Just, um, getting changed into my uniform."
"Okay. Well, it looks nice. Anyway, I brought Alex and Jacob by so they could show you how to sort those spreadsheets with the single-cell morbidity data we talked about this morning. I figured you'd better hear it right from them."
"Umm...okay. Hi guys," Elise said, smiling in turn at each of the two skinny, pale researchers who now stood to either side of Doctor Peters. They both stared back slack-jawed, apparently struck dumb by Elise's outfit.
Elise tried to ignore their leering and continued, "Um, Doctor Peters, could I please talk with you for a second first?"
"Sure. What's up?" Arthur replied on his way toward Elise's desk.
"Well, maybe a bit more privately?" Elise whispered, reaching for his hand and leading him toward the back of the room. "It's just that Doctor Yamamoto is coming soon, and I have a, um... a concern about my dress. Can you come to the closet for a sec?"
Arthur followed Elise over to the closet door, admiring the fantastic shape of her ass as it rocked in front of him. It looked so perfect, he thought, accentuated by her narrow waist and stiletto'ed posture. He could not help noticing her dress' daring slit too. Each step she took made it blink at him like a wide arrowhead directing his attention to her bottom.
Elise stepped into the closet and was about to pull Doctor Peters inside when suddenly there was a loud Japanese voice barking in the hallway outside. She let go of Doctor Peters' hand and quickly twisted around in front of him, whispering urgently over her shoulder: "Is this showing my butt?"
Doctor Peters was already gone; headed back across the room to greet Doctor Yamamoto. Elise had no choice but to switch off the closet light and follow him.
Doctor Yamamoto talked loudly amongst the men for a few minutes as Elise walked in silence back to her desk. Her fingers couldn't stop playing with the tall slit. She could definitely feel her butt-crack right inside the triangular gap. She wished she had worn more conservative underwear; something with full back coverage. That way she would have had at least a modicum of protection back there. As it was, her bare butt cheeks and narrow thong were going to spend the next hour on display.
Doctor Yamamoto stopped talking and glided toward Elise. She belatedly remembered his comment about posture and tried to stand ram-rod straight. She noticed that Alex and Jacob had straightened their backs too in the presence of Doctor Yamamoto.
The mustachioed Japanese scientist silently walked up to Elise's desk and scanned the messy pile of paper notes she had scribbled during her morning's work. Then his gaze shifted to her shoes and climbed up her long legs to her dress. He eyes seemed to hesitate at her hips. He stepped around beside her and extended his index finger toward her waist. Elise felt the tip of his finger trace a line slowly around her hips, following the waistband of her lacy thong. His touch tickled. It gave her goosebumps on her arms, but she resisted the urge to squirm. She didn't want to get Doctor Peters in any more trouble.
Doctor Yamamoto barked something angry-sounding in Japanese, which made Doctor Peters actually jog over to see what the problem was. Alex and Jacob froze in place. Elise clasped her hands tightly together behind her back and tried to become as still as a statue.
There ensued a chaotic to-and-fro between the two doctors in Japanese, which Elise struggled unsuccessfully to make any sense of. Finally Doctor Peters, looking defeated, told her in English that the creased line around her dress created by the waistband of her panties was too obvious. Doctor Yamamoto felt she was intentionally disrespecting him since he had just the day before explained the rule about no undergarments showing through her uniform.
Elise felt her face catch fire. She glanced from Doctor Peters to Doctor Yamamoto and then at Alex and Jacob. The eyes of all four men were fixed on her, waiting for her to respond.
She panicked. She had zero idea what to say or do. She felt crazy and lightheaded.
Finally, Doctor Peters leaned in close to her ear and whispered: "Why don't you take them off?"
That suggestion floated around inside Elise's head like a small advertising blimp; its lights calmly blinking 'Take Them Off' over and over. It sounded so reasonable coming out of Doctor Peters' bearded face. And yet, in the back of her mind there was another voice that screamed: 'No fucking way!'
"Ummm... what?" stumbled out from her mouth.
"Just take them off," Doctor Peters whispered again.
Elise saw how nervous he looked. And then she saw how distant and cold Doctor Yamamoto's expression was. It occurred to her that maybe at this very moment her entire summer was on the line.
"Okay," she managed to whisper. A fog seemed to have taken over her brain. She felt like she was watching herself from above. She hitched-up her dress, looped her thumbs through the straps of her lace panties and slowly pulled them down over her stockings until they fell noiselessly to her ankles. She shook her pink stiletto shoes out of them, one by one. Then she shimmied the tight dress back down over her naked hips.
"Dear God in heaven thank you almighty Jesus!" she heard one of the researchers whisper in the background. The other one, Jacob she thought, actually fainted. He crumpled to the floor with a dull thud.
Elise looked at Doctor Peters. His big square face was frozen in an expression of wide surprise. His eyes were locked on her crotch.
Doctor Yamamoto, though, was smiling. Elise instinctively smiled back at him before realizing it was the first time she had ever seen him smile. That snapped her out of her mental fog in a heartbeat.
"Aahk!" her brain screamed at her, "I just flashed my vagina at four grown men! And now I'm standing here with my panties on the floor! What the hell am I doing?"
But there was no time to think about how to recover her dignity. Doctor Yamamoto barked out a cheerful command and gestured for Elise to follow him. She felt compelled to apologize to Doctor Peters though, so she grabbed his arm as she walked by and looked him in the eyes.
"I'm sorry Doctor Peters," she whispered up at him pleadingly. "I didn't mean to shock you. I should have used the closet. I don't know what came over me!"
Then she scurried out the door after Doctor Yamamoto, taking rapid little steps in order to keep her spiky heels quiet.
After she left, Arthur kept staring at the little panties that now lay on the floor of his office. Alex helped Jacob back onto his feet and the two of them followed Elise's footsteps down the hall. When Elise reached the bottom of the brightly-lit staircase, having by then almost caught up with Doctor Yamamoto, she turned and saw the two pale men following her. She took a deep breath, clutched the handrail and began her long, tip-toed ascent toward the second floor. She knew that when Alex and Jacob reached the bottom of the stairs the big slit in the back of her dress would give them a clear view of her pussy. She reached around behind herself and tried to cover the slit with her open hand, but that felt almost more vulgar and somehow made balancing in her heels terribly awkward. So in the end she just gave up and let them have their look.
"At least I got waxed last week," she consoled herself.
Elise mounted the remaining stairs with as much grace as she could muster. When she reached the landing at the top, she glanced back. Sure enough, the two researchers were still there. Alex had even crouched down for a better view.
"Fucking geeks!" Elise thought, "They probably haven't gotten laid in years."
Arthur, alone in his office, bent down and picked up the panties. He looked at the tag. It read: "Victoria's Secret XXS/0/P." He stuffed them into his pocket and walked back to his desk.
Upstairs, Elise spent the next hour following Doctor Yamamoto around as he tried unsuccessfully to explain things to her in Japanese. The only thing Elise learned was that the whirling fans and exhaust vents in each room created starkly different micro-climates. She felt every breeze and temperature change tickle her newly-naked crotch. And having the satin top-bands of her stockings constantly stroking her hairless outer labia as she walked wasn't helping either. In fact, it all got her quite damp, which only made her feel the hot and cold breezes even more acutely.
"Why," she silently asked herself with furrowed brows, "is this humiliating outfit making me so damn horny?"
She felt gazes from Hiro and Kazutoshi tracking her movements. Each time she had to turn her back to them she clasped her hands behind her bottom, trying to cover the gapping slit. Still, the caresses of her satin stockings grew increasingly pleasurable. By the middle of the hour, Elise's nipples jutted out through her dress so prominently that she felt compelled to cross her arms in front to conceal them. But this left her exposed again from behind. Then Doctor Yamamoto had her lean over a countertop to look through a microscope. The room fell silent behind her. She glanced over her shoulder and saw Kazutoshi holding his iphone aloft, aimed in her direction.
"Dammit!" she thought, straightening up without having really studied what was under the scope. Doctor Yamamoto positioned a second slide under the scope and tugged Elise's arm forward onto the device's focusing wheels. Unable to communicate her discomfort, Elise had no choice but to remove her hands from behind her dress bend over again. She crossed her legs at the ankle, hoping this might somehow lessen her exposure, but she doubted that it helped at all. She tried to ignore her awkward plight and instead focused on the wiggling cells on the microscope slide.
Kazutoshi's phone was still filming her when she straightened back up several moments later. He put it away only after Doctor Yamamoto turned around and began walking in his direction. When Elise followed the doctor, she noticed the satin tops of her stockings dragging even more heavily against her outer labia. They were soaked. With every step, the wet satin bands skidded back and forth across her waxed skin like a pair of tongues.
When Doctor Yamamoto finally escorted her to the top of the staircase at the end of the hour, he smiled broadly and patted her lower back before gesturing for her to descend. His touch sent a nervous tremor through her.
Elise carefully tip-toed back down to the first floor. She felt so aroused by then that she decided to take a detour into the restroom.
Inside the bathroom were three toilet stalls, all empty. She chose the one farthest from the entrance, stepped inside and latched the little half-door behind her. Before she had a chance to lose her courage, she yanked her dress up to her waist, propped one stiletto-clad foot up on the back of the toilet and started to masturbate.
As a sexual creature, Elise liked to think she made up for her lack of size with quality. She had out-orgasmed every guy she had ever slept with, often ten-to-one. Hidden beneath the 'cute gymnast' exterior that she consciously presented to the world was a secret: she LOVED her pussy. Even when she had had steady boyfriends in the past, masturbation remained a daily part of her life. Elise rationalized that something so nice couldn't possibly be wrong. It felt good. It felt healthy. And if nobody was looking, then it was nobody's business.
Elise braced herself against the wall of the narrow stall and began circling her exposed clit with two fingers. Then she dipped those fingers between the slippery folds of her inner labia, confirming how wet she was.
During the last few days, living on the couch at her friend's fiancée's apartment, she had not felt comfortable doing this. Today's flashing incident in Doctor Peters' office, walking around with no underwear on, those geeky guys looking up the back of her dress and then the damn satin stocking-tops... it had all made her so desperately horny that she felt she deserved a release.
Elise rubbed her clit faster and faster, conscious that at any moment someone might walk into the restroom.
She brought her left hand into play as well, holding her now-swollen labia wide open so she could thrust her fingers deep inside while bouncing her palm against her starving clit.
"Fuck!" she cried out in a hoarse whisper only a minute later. She could feel an orgasm approaching and it was going to be a good one. She switched back to just rubbing her clit with small light-pressured circles. That always drove her crazy. A wave of serious pleasure began to radiate from her pussy outwards, sending shoots of joy down her thighs and across her nipples. She moved her left hand around to her exposed bottom and pulled one butt cheek aside. Her right hand maintained a steady rhythm on her tingling clit. When the timing felt right, she pushed her left index finger against her anus and wiggled.
"God, I need this!" she thought.
There was a bang as someone burst open the main restroom door. Elise froze; eyes suddenly wide. She heard footsteps entering. Then the door clicked shut. Someone was in the room! She dared not move for fear of making a sound, but she realized that if the person looked under the stall partitions they would see one stiletto shoe on the ground, facing the wrong way for a girl.
Thankfully she instead heard the person enter the stall farthest from her. The sound of plastic hitting metal indicated the toilet seat being raised. Then she heard a zipper. She tried to breathe silently. Her fingers were warm and wet at her crotch and her brain was buzzing with endorphins.
"Who was it?" Elise wondered silently. "One of the geeks? Or Doctor Peters?"
She focused on remaining entirely quiet.
A loud stream of pee hitting water broke the silence. Elise thought it sounded like a really wide stream. That made her think it might be Doctor Peters, though she couldn't imagine why. She had never heard any man pee before, at least not that she could remember, so she had no basis for comparison. The peeing seemed to go on forever. Elise heard the man sigh with relief. His deep-chested breathing confirmed, in Elise's mind, that it was Doctor Peters.
Her fingers started to orbit her clit again, very slowly. She pictured Doctor Peters' huge body standing just one stall away, holding his cock out in those bear-paw hands of his. For some reason she pictured his dick being huge, if only to remain in proportion to the rest of him.
The peeing went on and on. Elise circled her clit faster, feeling it throb in response to her imagined picture of Doctor Peters' cock.
"God, what is wrong with me?!" she thought, furrowing her brow at the sudden, unexpected intensity of her own pleasure. "I can't possibly be getting turned on about this guy!"
The peeing died out. Elise heard a zipper, then a flush. Then the stall door banged open. She froze again, terrified of being caught. Her right leg, which bore all the weight of her body in this lurid pose, was starting to shake. If she got a cramp it would be catastrophic.
The sink faucet came on and she listened as Doctor Peters (or whoever it was) washed his hands. This too, seemed to take forever as Elise struggled not to move from her wide stance. The tiny sole of her left shoe rested precipitously on the chrome plumbing behind the toilet. If it slipped she would probably crash to the floor, naked from the waist down.
That danger seemed to turn her on more. She gently squeezed her clit between her fingers. It felt huge and fantastically sensitive.
She listened as the man dried his hands. Finally the door out to the hall swung open and shut.
She waited another heartbeat or two, just to make sure she was alone. Then she blurred her hands against her crotch in a desperate frenzy; probing, sliding, circling, stretching, stabbing and even slapping her groin. The approach of her long-delayed orgasm felt like the final seconds before impact of an oncoming train. She couldn't help but give way as it crashed into her.
"Fuck meeee!" she moaned, not quietly, in the bathroom stall. Railroad-car sized loads of pleasure coursed through her tiny body, shaking it like a blade of grass caught between their tracks.
Her foot slipped off the plumbing and she tumbled forward, only just catching herself by straight-arming the back wall with her left hand. She stooped over the toilet with her legs as far apart possible. Her back arched involuntarily, pointing her naked ass at the stall door behind her as her three days' worth of orgasm passed through her. She pumped her pussy and clit as fast as possible with her right hand, making squishy sounds that were dangerously loud. She felt a final, lightning-bright flash of pleasure accompanied by a gush from her pussy that overran her palm and sprinkled the floor.
Elise stopped. She was breathing hard. A few moments passed before she recovered enough strength and coordination to stand. She was flush all over, almost sweaty. Her right hand was coated with warm, clear slime.
"Jesus..." thought Elise. "That was insane!"
She took a few more minutes to recover, cleaning herself up with tissue paper. Then she felt the urge to pee, so she did that too. When she finally exited the little stall, she'd been in there for a quarter of an hour.
"Thank god nobody else came in," she told herself as she washed her hands and fixed her hair. She splashed cold water on her face in an effort to hide her now-rosy complexion. The pink blush on her upper chest would be harder to conceal, but she knew it would fade in another ten minutes or so.
She stepped back from the sink and regarded herself in the mirror from a distance, taking in the full effect of her skin-tight dress, tall stockings and high heels. She looked damn hot, she thought, even with that obscene slit up the back of her dress and no underwear.
The door swung open and in walked Jacob.
"Oh sorry!" he blurted reflexively before back-pedaling toward the hallway.
"It's okay!" Elise called out with a smile. "I'm all done."
She glanced in the mirror one more time, tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear and then turned to walk toward the door. Jacob was standing half inside, holding the door open with his body. Elise gave him a wide smile, turned sideways and squeezed by him out into the hall.
"Poor old Jacob," Elise giggled to herself, purposely adding a little extra swank to her strut as she walked away, well aware that his gaze was locked on her backside. "The guy fainted after a mere glimpse of my coochie!"
When Elise strolled into Doctor Peters' office a moment later, the smirk on her face was a mile wide.
"Well, hello." Doctor Peters said from behind his desk. "Everything go okay upstairs?"
"Oh yeah, it was fun!" Elise answered in a voice full of carefree afterglow. She pulled the little plastic office chair out from under her desk and, momentarily forgetting the slit and her lack of underwear, plopped down onto it. The shock of the seat's cold vinyl against her hot, swollen labia made her jump back up with an involuntary: "Ohh!"
"Everything okay?" Doctor Peters asked.
"Oh... Umm, yeah." Elise replied, trying not to laugh. "I think I'm just going to change back into my normal clothes though, if you don't mind."
"Not at all. Go right ahead."
"Thanks," Elise said, smiling over at him. She walked back to the closet, turned on the light and stepped inside. No sooner had the door shut behind her then she reopened it and poked her head out to look around the room.
"Have you seen my panties anywhere, Doctor Peters?" she asked.
"No," he lied. "Can't say that I have."
"Hmm. That's weird. Well, okay thanks," Elise replied cheerily. She gave the door a pull, turned around and unzipped her dress.
Arthur was delighted to see that the door hadn't quite closed all the way. It stood open by about two inches. He rolled his desk chair sideways until his view through the gap was centered on Elise. The overheard closet lights bathed her in a yellow glow. He watched transfixed as she peeled the little pinstriped dress down off her body and stepped out of it. Wearing only heels and stockings and her fancy hairstyle, she looked like a skinny pin-up model. Arthur stared as Elise propped one leg up on a low shelf and bent over to unstrap her shoe. A moment later she switched legs and stepped down, suddenly losing four inches of height. She leaned away from the door once more to unfasten the other sandal. Her long auburn ponytail slipped off her back and hung to one side. Arthur's gaze focused on the compact globes of her young ass and the narrow void that revealed itself between them as she remained bent over. Within that narrow shadow Arthur glimpsed for one second, or imagined he did, the silhouette of her bare pussy.
His pants felt tight.
Elise peeled down her stockings one at a time and rolled them carefully back into their packaging. She began to move about the closet, leaving Arthur with only passing glimpses. They were fully-naked glimpses though, so he relished every one.
Arthur watched her pull on her tight jeans. She had to hop up and down to squeeze her round ass into them. Arthur wondered what those jeans felt like against her naked crotch. She seemed to take extra care in closing the zipper. He continued to watch as she snapped into her small bra, adjusted its shoulder straps and, finally, shrugged on her long-sleeved shirt. A moment later she emerged in her casual wedge flip flops and walked back to her desk.
Arthur breathed a long, low sigh and slouched lower behind his desk. What a great summer this was going to be, he mused.
The remainder of the afternoon went by without event. At five o'clock Elise cleaned up her desk and prepared to leave. She slung her backpack over one shoulder and approached Arthur's desk.
"Doctor Peters," she asked, "I was wondering... I notice you have this exercise bike in the office here, and um... if it's okay with you, I thought maybe I could use it a couple times a week to work out at the end of the day. That would save me from having to run so early in the morning."
"Well," Arthur replied, genuinely surprised by the question. "I suppose there's no harm in that. It might be a bit big for you, but—"
"Really? That would be so cool of you! The neighborhood where I'm staying doesn't feel safe in the early morning. Plus it's so foggy and cold in the city, you know? I just know I'd feel way more comfortable working out in here. I promise I'll adjust the seat back to where you have it when I'm done. Are you sure it's not going to bother you? I don't want you to have to stay late on my account."
"No problem," Arthur replied, puzzled by the sudden uptick in Elise's word-rate. "I always stay late."
"Cool! I SO appreciate it! I'll bring my gym clothes tomorrow. Is that okay?"
"Sure."
"Thanks Doctor Peters!"
"You're welcome. By the way, Elise, there is something I want to ask you..."
"What's that?"
"Well, I guess I'm curious why you applied for this internship. I remember on the phone you talked about wanting to learn more about the work we do here, but I've yet to see you get excited about the research. It's really cutting-edge and important work, in my opinion. But, compared to how excited you are about that exercise bike, I get the impression you don't share my view."
"Oh! Well, no – I mean yes." Elise stumbled, caught off-guard by the question. "I... I really do like exercising, but I also like what you guys are doing here. I guess I'm still, just, trying to understand it, I think... so maybe that's why I don't seem as excited?"
"There was no other reason why you came here this summer?"
"No," Elise whispered, starting to blush. "Not really."
She knew she was a poor liar. And Doctor Peters did seem really nice so far, she thought, so she confessed. "Well actually, Doctor Peters, the truth is I wanted to get away from home. It's not the only reason, but... I was... going crazy living there. My mom and I, we're just, like, opposites about a lot of things."
"Uh-huh."
"But that's not the only reason, Doctor Peters, please believe me! I also want to learn about biology too... and how to do good research."
"Your mom told me you wanted to be a physical therapist."
"Um... yeah. That's true too, I guess. Can I do both?"
"I suppose it's possible. But I want you to concentrate on your work here this summer, okay? You don't realize it yet, but Doctor Yamamoto and I are on the verge of some pretty amazing things. This may be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for you."
"Yes, I understand. I will... focus on it more."
"And from now on I want you to be completely honest with me, okay? No more half-truths."
"Of course, Doctor Peters. I'm sorry about that." Elise clasped her hands behind her back and crossed her legs at the ankle. She looked down at the floor in front of Arthur's desk.
"It's okay, Elise. I'm glad to have a clearer understanding of you. And while we're on the subject of... sharing personal information, there is in fact something I have been meaning to tell you."
"Really?" Elise asked, lifting her downcast face back up.
"Yes." Arthur replied. He cleared his throat before continuing: "Now... I don't know how much your mother told you about me, but the truth is she and I lost touch a long time ago. For one thing, she probably told you that I'm married. That used to be true, but... the fact is my wife and I divorced about three years ago."
"Oh. I'm sorry to hear that Doctor Peters. I had no idea."
"That's okay. It's not really relevant, except the thing is, during the divorce I lost my house. My ex-wife kept it. So, what I decided to do at the time, rather than borrow a bunch of money to buy a new house just for me to live in alone, was I converted about a thousand square feet of this floor into an apartment.
"Oh."
"So, I live here now."
"Really? Where?"
"Through that door," Arthur said, indicating the farthest of the three doors on the south wall of his office, the one closest to the main hallway entrance. "It's just a basic one-bedroom layout, but I had a nice little kitchen put in and a living room and so on. It's quite comfortable. Anyway, the only reason I bring it up is that you don't need to worry about keeping me here late. I'm always here."
"Oh. Okay." Elise said quietly. She felt puzzle pieces shifting in her mind, but she couldn't quite put her finger on what had just changed. Someone without her blindness to social dynamics, Elise knew, would understand immediately how this information affected her. But it always took Elise longer to figure these things out. She resolved to think about it on her train ride back into the city.
"If you don't mind, Elise" Arthur continued, "I'd appreciate it if you'd refrain from passing that on to your mom... about my divorce and me living here at the lab and such. I'd rather not have her worry about me. Can you do that for me?"
"Oh, sure. I won't mention it."
"Thanks. Well... anyway, have a good night. I'll see you in the morning."
"Yeah. Okay. Good night Doctor Peters. Thanks again. See you tomorrow."
With that, Elise turned and walked across the office and out into the hallway. Arthur listened to her footfalls recede. Shortly he heard the heavy automatic doors of the delivery entrance open and close to let her out to the street. He leaned back in his swivel chair and hoped he hadn't just blown it.

(Thanks for your comments. Chapter 4 is coming very soon!)