[This is the tenth chapter in the seriesHouseKeeping. It would be best if you could read first Chapters 1 through 9 so you can gain the benefit of knowing the backstory of Chapter 10. This chapter has a little more than sex in it in an effort to keep the attention of the horny readers. But the story is still erotic as hell for those who enjoy erotic tension and voyeuristic pleasures. As always, please feel free to offer any feedback you want. An author always values feedback from his readers.]
*****
I looked around the room as we took our seats for dinner, and I was thrilled to see six breasts on full display and another four breasts partially hidden.This was going to be a great dinner,I enthused to myself.
No one seemed to notice the cum all over Kelsey's face and tits. No one except Tim, of course. His youth and inexperience with circumstances like these kept him in bondage to his urges.Ya, right! We were all in bondage to our urges, I thought,some of us are just better at covering that up than others. I couldn't help but grin at my musings.
"I see Kelsey has a special glow about her and that Todd is grinning way too much. And possibly a couple more of the women have had an appetizer that we did not serve." Mrs. Yarrow smiled at the group, and several of us tied to suppress grins or chuckles. "And I think that is good. Because so far, things have been a little more tame that I was expecting with this group." The smile she was now beaming at everyone was wider than I would have thought possible.
Mrs. Yarrow had arranged an unusual seating pattern for us, which made me wonder what she had planned for the dinner hour. Each of us had our significant other seated across from us, but the sex of the people alternated as you looked down the table. The table was huge by my standards, probably twelve feet long and measuring large enough to seat all eleven of us, five at a side. Mrs. Yarrow sat at the head of the table with the other end being empty. I sat at her right, absolutely reveling in the transparent blouse she wore, making me realize that I had never seen nipples as long and thick as those proudly on display to my left, with Kelsey and her breasts happily jutting toward me from across the table on Mrs. Yarrow's left. Next to me on my right was Maria in her awesome pantsuit, which had settled around her in such a way as to totally reveal her beautiful pussy with its black and curly muff on full display. I wondered if the pantsuit had any help in falling out of the way of my view. I found myself looking at that muff frequently during the meal, being caught several times by Maria who simply smiled in response.
Across from her and next to Kelsey was Jose, who was wonderfully playing the role of the mature gentleman by not staring at any of the several exposed breasts at all. On his left was Beth, teasing everyone with both of her beautiful young breasts on display. Of course, across from Beth was her young husband, Tim, who couldn't seem to find his tongue because it was hanging out so far. On Tim's right was Ginger, with her deeply plunging neckline and very short skirt giving quite a show to pretty much everyone there, especially Tim. Across from Ginger sat her husband, Rob, who was clearly enjoying the views around him with a huge grin that never left his face. Seated to Rob's left was Jeanine, with her backless outfit showing off her awesome ass every time she leaned forward, which was often. Even Jose glanced over at her ass every once in a while. Greg was seated across from her, enjoying his view of the woman sitting to his right. Cindy's see-through outfit was distracting Greg so much he was probably getting a cramp in his neck from turning to his right. And then there was Jerry across from Cindy, with the two veterans of the "special weekends" at the end of the table.
All told, the table was decorated with so much erotic flesh that I was sure it would keep all of us entertained. Which was exactly what Mrs. Yarrow had hoped for.The rest of us, of course, merely tolerated the show put on for us by the ladies,I grinned silently.
The table conversation was surprisingly tame, considering the sexual tension in the air. And the food was truly excellent, eliciting several comments on how delicious things were. Mrs. Yarrow accepted all compliments graciously, and only replied to one comment.
"So, exactly what looks delicious to you, Greg?" She paused and allowed everyone to laugh at the implications of her question, which had resulted in all of us looking around one more time at all the flesh on display. I decided to respond to her question for everyone else.
"Well, Mrs. Yarrow, I think I speak for all of us when I say that I cannot ever remember a meal where everything looked so delicious." Several of the guests chuckled, and there were a number of comments in agreement, and then we all settled back into enjoying the meal.
"And, Kelsey, I have been watching that drop hanging there. I should ask that you do not let it fall into the gravy. If you do, I suspect there will be several of us grab for the gravy dish at the same time, and I wouldn't want anything to get broken." There was total silence for a few seconds as everyone looked at the large dollop of my cum still hanging from her left nipple. Then the entire group broke into laughter. And Kelsey could have lit up the room with the red glow on her face.
When we were coming to the close of the meal, I noticed some unusual activity on the other side of the table. It appeared that Jeanine was taking advantage of the fact that she was left-handed, and was using her right hand to jerk off Rob without the rest of us seeing it. Mrs. Yarrow apparently noticed it, too, and developed a smirk on her beautiful face. She decided to comment on it.
"Jeanine, if you could just give him a few minutes rest, I am sure that Rob would appreciate the opportunity to finish his meal. Then we can all retire to the game room for the rest of the evening." Jeanine seemed to act like the proverbial deer caught in the headlights, and Rob turned a brighter shade of red than I had ever seen on a man. She jerked her right hand away from Rob's lap as if it was burned, and Rob sat up straight with a guilty expression. But once attention was called to their activities under the table, those on her right and left looked over and a couple of them gasped.
"Please do not be ashamed, Jeanine. We are all friends here. And I am certain Rob wasn't complaining at all. I only wanted us to finish dinner so we could all enjoy the rest of the evening together." Mrs. Yarrow was almost encouraging in her words and the tone of her voice. "The two of you can finish your activities in the game room, if you so choose." The implications of her words hung heavy in the room. This prompted a question from Tim.
"So, what is the game room and what will we be doing there?" Now everyone was interested.
"Well, the game room is the large room next to the library, where we gathered for our cocktail hour. We have a pool table and several small game tables there, and I am sure there will be something to occupy everyone until it is time to retire for the evening in our separate rooms." Mrs. Yarrow gave a knowing smile to everyone, but would say no more.
A few minutes later found the group moving to the game room to see what Mrs. Yarrow had planned for us.
"We usually have a pool tournament, with the winning couple of one game staying on for the next game. For those not playing pool, we have several decks of cards and a few board games in those cupboards against the wall." Mrs. Yarrow gestured toward the far wall, which was comprised of some beautifully carved cupboards in dark wood. "And, of course, you are welcome to establish your own games with your own rules, should anyone opt for that.
"And since I am the hostess here, I get to choose the first two couples for pool. And I choose Maria and Jose with Beth and Tim." Some squeals and then a dash for the pool cues took the next few seconds. I overheard Tim making a comment about playing all night, but noticed no similar comments came from Cindy or Jerry. And as I watched the four of them approach the table, I suddenly found myself wanting very badly to hang around the pool table and watch the game. When Kelsey suggested we go find a seat at one of the tables, I found myself trying to explain why I wanted to watch some pool.
"Cut the bullshit, Todd. You just want to watch Maria bend over the pool table." Kelsey's words were stern and a little louder than I think she intended them to be, and she quickly glanced at Maria. Maria was looking right into Kelsey's eyes, and she smiled the warmest and sexiest smile I had seen in years. I heard Kelsey inhale sharply, and I wondered if maybe I might see something between them this weekend. Then, when she looked back at me, with my stare of proclaimed innocence, she broke into a grin. "Actually, I think I might want to watch them, too." She grinned and then leaned close to me. "Isn't she just beautiful?" I was in total agreement, and nodded to show that, and ushered her over to several high stools near the pool table. And, as she sat down, I was torn away from staring at Maria to look again at Kelsey's skirt. The long slit in the front of her skirt was on full display as she sat on what amounted to a high bar stool. And her pussy and closely trimmed bush were clearly seen and easily observed by all. When she caught my look of lust, Kelsey acted as if there was nothing unusual going on, and subtly spread her legs another three or four inches. Her nonchalant attitude was a tremendous turn-on to me. The sexy and sensuous display offered in apparent innocence to anyone looking was absolutely awesome to me. I wanted to take her in my arms and smother her in kisses and make love to her right there on the floor. I don't believe that I had ever been so turned on as I was right then. And when I looked up from her crotch to her eyes, those warm and strong and honest feelings showed in my eyes and were reflected in her eyes.God, I wanted to kneel between her legs and push my face into...
After staring entirely too long, and getting a smile of appreciation from Kelsey, I tore my eyes from her sexy pussy and looked over to the pool table. And the sight I saw there literally took my breath away.
Maria was bent over the table, aligning her shot for the break. And the entire front half of her outfit had fallen away from her body, allowing free and clear access to anyone's eyes of the front half of her sexy and voluptuous mature body. Her D-cup breasts hung from her chest, almost touching the edge of the table and jiggling slightly, with her erect nipples pointing at the floor. And her pussy with its dark and luxuriant bush was on display. That was clearly the hottest pool shot I had ever seen, pun entirely intentional.
From Maria's breaking shot, it was apparent that Tim's bragging comment about playing all evening was empty. Maria and Jose outperformed Beth and Tim with no apparent effort. Beth really was not a very good shot and Tim couldn't stop staring at Maria's exposed body long enough to shoot straight. On the other hand, Maria was quite good and Jose was better than average. It was clearly not an even match, but Maria and Jose definitely earned their victory.
And one thing I learned was that when it came to our turn, both Kelsey and I were going to have to look at the floor or at the ceiling or at each other - ANYTHING but Maria. And when you consider that Mrs. Yarrow had informed us before the first shot that the winner of the evening would have one day's room rate deducted from their bill, it made me wonder if Maria had not worn that outfit intentionally for the purpose of winning the pool tournament. But I was committed to not allowing her strategy to work with me. No matter how incredible her body was, I would not let her distract me. As awesome as her tits looked hanging down towards the table, I was committed to not notice. I didn't care how sexy she looked stroking her cue stick between shots, I swore I simply would not look.
And when it was our turn and she lined up her first shot, I thought I was going to feint!
Kelsey and I spent the rest of the evening at one of the game tables playing poker.
Another hour found Kelsey in the final poker tournament, having seen my meager poker talents lose in the second round. But I was surprised to see that she had quite some skills at poker. With twelve matches behind her, she was still in the running as we entered the finals. There were five players, and the winner for this match would be declared the winner for the weekend. I was thrilled for Kelsey, and was wildly cheering her on. Between hands, that is. No cheering was allowed during the actual play. The rules specifically called for no talking during play, to allow the players to concentrate. The pot of chips was getting large, and Kelsey was concentrating so hard on her play that she was surprised when Greg knelt behind Jeanine and gently slid his hands into her blouse from behind. As he slowly kneaded her braless tits, Jeanine moaned quietly.
"Isn't that against the rules?" Kelsey asked her question quietly, but with a bit of challenge in her voice. Jeanine answered her with a bit of a smirk on her face.
"No, I think it was conversations and other noises from spectators that was restricted. I don't think it is against the rules for Greg to massage my stress away." The smirk got a little larger. "Maybe you should consider getting someone massage your stress away. I am sure that there are several gentlemen who would volunteer."
"Besides," Jeanine continued, "This helps me concentrate." She giggled quietly as she spoke, and settled in her chair just a little deeper to allow Greg better access to her breasts.
Kelsey looked at Mrs. Yarrow for confirmation, and she nodded.
"Conversations and other noises from spectators are forbidden," she read from the rule sheet posted on the wall. "But I don't think we have a rule that addresses boob massages during the games. This is a new issue that I will consider, in case any revisions of the rules are needed in the future. But, at least for the moment, I think it makes the game a little more interesting." The smile on her face seemed to hold several meanings at the same time. "Does anyone wish to raise a formal complaint?" The question was open to the entire room, but it was clearly aimed at Kelsey. Kelsey exchanged a strong glance with Mrs. Yarrow, and then with Jeanine, before speaking.
"Not me. In fact, I think I will use the opportunity for my own request. Todd, will you be willing to give me a hand? Or rather, two hands?"
"Absolutely," I mumbled, and then stepped forward to kneel behind Kelsey. This seemed to have turned into something of a challenge, and I was totally thrilled to play this particular role in the challenge.
I spent about thirty seconds rendering a real massage to her neck and shoulders, and then I grinned as I slipped my hands under what served as Kelsey's blouse and began to massage her perfect breasts. For perhaps half a minute there was silence in the room, save for a couple of quiet moans, and then Mrs. Yarrow stepped in.
"Are we going to finish this hand?" Both Kelsey and Jeanine seemed to snap out of their relaxed slump and sit up for some serious poker. But both Greg and I leaned forward so we could continue our "relaxation therapy" with the two players.
The poker continued in silence for several minutes, and then Jeanine interrupted the quiet with a long moan. Realizing what she had done, she looked around sheepishly, in apparent embarrassment, and quietly apologized to Kelsey. For her part, Kelsey simply smiled back.
"No need to apologize, Jeanine. In fact, I was about to let out my own moan, bit not so quietly." There was a couple of chuckles from the spectators. "Todd, I think you have effectively moved beyond relaxation and moved into stimulation. If you don't tone things down a little, we are going to embarrass ourselves in front of everyone." Kelsey, looked over her shoulder at me, pleading in her eyes. I had listened to her breathing change from slow and relaxed to rapid and turned on, but didn't take my silent observations to their obvious conclusions. Kelsey was going to cum right here if I didn't stop. I muttered a quiet apology and stepped back.
"Please! Don't stop!" Her words came too fast, and everyone chuckled, resulting in Kelsey turning several shades of pink.
With that, Rob stepped forward. Ginger was the other female player left in the game, and Rob saw this as his opportunity to do something he had been wanting to do all evening. He gently slid his hands into Ginger's blouse. Since her blouse only had a deep V in the center, he fussed with crossing his hands and inserting them in opposite sides of her blouse. That didn't seem to work for him or for her, so he just pulled the center of her sweater to the side, completely exposing her breasts. Ginger let out a quiet yelp as his hands went to work on her exposed boobs, and then she picked up her hand and began playing without any additional comment. Now the three women still in the game were in varying degrees of exposure, and all being gently kneaded and massaged by their respective men. The spectators began to breathe more deeply, indicating an increased level of excitement.
Jerry was the only man left in the game, and he glanced wordlessly around at the sensual activities around him, looking obviously left out. So, without a sound, Cindy knelt behind him and gently massaged his chest. Everyone paused for a few seconds, and then the entire room burst into laughter.
"Okay, you had your joke. Now get busy doing something that will keep my attention." Jerry looked at Cindy with a grin, and then down at his crotch. So Cindy began slowly massaging his dick, making his grin even wider.
Now everyone involved in the game was busy being sexually stimulated while they were attempting to play a serious game of poker. After looking around at the others, I don't think anyone expected that to last.
At that moment, everyone's attention, including the poker players, was drawn across the room to the pool table. There we all saw one of the most exciting scenes any of us had seen. Maria was laying on her back on top of the pool table, with her head hanging off the table. Her outfit was all but cast aside showing her tits and her pussy. Jose was thrusting his huge dick in and out of her mouth, while massaging her tits with one hand and her pussy with the other hand. He had two fingers plunging in and out of her furry pussy, making undisguised sucking sounds as he did. It was a scene right out of the best porn movies, but it was here and live for all of us to see. Everyone but the poker players and those playing with them moved to the pool table for a better look. And Maria and Jose never broke stride. If anything, he pounded into her even more aggressively. The sexual tension among the spectators was powerful.
Jeanine was apparently quite distracted by the activities on the pool table because she made a stupid move and lost the hand. Just before that, she had pushed all her chips into the pot, forcing the other two women to go all in to match her. And Jerry quietly laid out his full house, beating every other hand. Jeanine let out some profanity, but it was clear her heart was not in it. She was looking at and clearly involved in the pool table activities, and seemed to barely notice losing the poker championship.
Everyone was now gathered around the pool table watching Jose's huge dick penetrate Maria's mouth. As we all stared, I noticed out of the corner of my eye several couples engaged in one sexual activity or another. No one was actively screwing yet, but pretty much everyone was touching and massaging each other as we watched. The evening had just gotten more sexy.
As I stood behind Kelsey and reached into her blouse to play with her gorgeous tits, she looked over her shoulder and shook her head no. "I'm not sure I am ready for any real sexual play in front of other people. If you don't mind, sweetie, just play with my tits, but nothing more." I looked deeply into her eyes and kissed her, indicating my compliance with her request. I had no interest in embarrassing her in front of the others. So we both turned to watch the show on the pool table while I settled for massaging her boobs and with playing with her nipples.Hell,settled for? Playing with her tits was the high point of my day!My silent words brought a gin to my face, and Kelsey noticed it.
It was clear that Jose was getting close. Maria was grunting and groaning as she approached her orgasm. And several of us in the group were moaning our approach to orgasmic delights as our respective partners were playing with our various body parts. Kelsey was pressed up against me as I played with her nipples, and she had her right hand behind her massaging my cock as we watched.
And Kelsey was awesome. She had indicated that she was not comfortable having sexual play in front of others, yet she was catering to my lust by playing with my cock in such a way that others could not see. I fell in love all over again with a woman who had limits yet was open to bending the rules to give me pleasure. Kelsey was such an awesome woman!
Over against the wall, Jeanine gave a final scream and fell to her knees, indicating a strong orgasm had just entered the room and fell on Jeanine. She smiled and looked around the room as if she was a little sheepish, but the look in her eyes indicated she was not sheepish at all. In fact, I got the distinct impression that she was proud of the fact that she was first to cum that night. I had said earlier that she would need watching, and I think I was just proven right. Jeanine was excited about coming and she had no problems with everyone knowing it.
Just as Jeanine made all her noises, Maria added many sounds of her own. A loud moan ascending into a shriek came from somewhere inside of her, and she arched her back to an excruciating degree. After several seconds of silence, her body jerking and shuddering to an amazing extent, she collapsed flat on the pool table, gasping for breath as she tried to relax. Jose was still pistoning into and out of her mouth. We could all see Maria's throat as it expanded and contracted to show how deep Jose's dick was penetrating her. The view was incredible, and I was so excited that I was on the verge of cumming myself. Jeanine had crossed the room and leaned over the table to kiss Maria's nipples. Her hands massaged and her lips caressed, and Maria moaned in further excitement. And everyone stood back to watch this new element of sexual play. It was incredible.
And then Jose yelled something in Spanish, and jammed his dick so deep into Marie's throat that I was sure he was going to kill her. He stopped moving altogether, but Maria's throat was still contracting, indicating that he was cumming and that she was swallowing everything Jose pumped into her throat. It was so incredibly exciting to watch. I had seen my share of porn over the Internet, but I had never seen anything like this in person. I almost came as Kelsey still massaged my dick in my pants.
There was silence in the game room for several seconds as Maria and Jose began to relax. And then lots of comments came out of the mouths that remained opened in astonishment. Clearly, a limit had been exceeded, and several of the men were quick to take advantage of that crossing.
As couples began to separate and divide, I looked over at Mrs. Yarrow. She looked happy for everyone, but also lonely for herself, all at the same time. My heart went out to a woman I believed to the the epitome of grace and charm. It was clear to me that she was thrilled over the sexual pleasure others were having, yet she was also lonely in the fact that she was having none of her own. I looked at Kelsey, motioning to Mrs. Yarrow, and she immediately looked sad. Then she smiled at me and motioned in the direction of Mrs. Yarrow. I took that as permission and immediately walked over to Mrs. Yarrow.
"Mrs. Yarrow, I cannot help but notice that the hostess who made all this possible was standing by herself along the wall. May I offer my attention to the most awesome set of tits I have ever seen?" My words were overshadowed by the direct stare I was giving her nipples through her transparent blouse. I had been watching those breasts and their huge nipples all evening, and Mrs. Yarrow had seen me several times throughout the evening. As I raised my eyes to look into her eyes, I saw her face absolutely glow in response to my attention.
"Usually, I content myself with standing back and making sure my guests are clearly enjoying themselves. But you make me want to participate in the excitement of the evening." I looked deeply into her eyes and offered my input.
"No one deserves attention more than the woman who made all this possible. And that is totally separate from the fact that these are the most amazing nipples I have ever seen or even heard of. May I please take a moment and enjoy these nipples?" My eyes revealed the sincerity of my question, and Mrs. Yarrow, ever the lady, looked over at Kelsey. The look returned by Kelsey indicated a clear and resounding permission, and Mrs. Yarrow looked at me, who leaned back against the wall and thrust her huge breasts toward me. Her smile said everything necessary.
I started by placing my hands on the outside of her transparent blouse. They were firm to my touch, surprising me significantly. Her tits stood out to such an extent that I was confident they were recent implants. But the more I massaged them, the more I was convinced that these awesome tits were natural. And that made her nipples, already the most impressive I had ever seen, even more astounding.
"Mrs. Yarrow, I truly believe these are the most incredible breasts I have ever had the privilege of kissing." She merely moaned, and I continued to squeeze them and kiss them and rub my tongue all over them.
And those nipples!! They were about an inch long, and as thick as my thumbs. And hard? I felt like I could bite them and never elicit anything more than a groan of pleasure. So I did just that and I received that expected moan. I removed her blouse, pulling it up over her head as I moved in for more tit play. I licked and I nibbled and I bit lightly, all of which elicited groans of pleasure from the woman. It was such a turn on to gear her moaning.
And Kelsey came over to join us! Her hands were massaging Mr. Yarrow's left tit while I was massaging her right tit. I became so turned on that I could do nothing but moan as loudly as Mrs. Yarrow. The noises we made drew everyone's attention, and suddenly we were the center of attention.
I was in heaven, and I am sure that Mrs. Yarrow shared my delirium.
[Look for Chapter 11, coming soon. It looks like Chapter 11 will be the last chapter, unless I feel inspired to continue.]