** This final, cheerfully over-the-top bumper-sized conclusion of the story contains consensual incest and family and friends love with multiple partners in a total fantasy world where it is permissible. I do not give permission to re-post or archive my stories. All characters are 18 and over. This part like part 6 has lots of dirty talk, also group sex, anal, wife and daughter-swapping, brother/sister fun - all the good stuff in my opinion - just in case that's not your thing. Oh, and apologies to Japanese and Swedish speakers for any poor translations and references! No offence is intended. Thanks for all the reads, rates and comments, much appreciated **
My wife Helen was finalising the numbers and catering arrangements for our summer pool party BBQ next weekend. We'd had the date in for a while, but numbers were going up. Amy had invited her friend Jane from the Academy and her folks too, and my sister in law was coming with Amber, who wanted a friend to come also. Even my secretary and her other half were invited. Teresa was already coming that weekend, and we just heard that Grant, my eldest, was all travelled out, and had decided to grace us with his presence. It turned out that spending time with family wasn't a total buzzkill after all.
I went to the kitchen to grab a drink. Helen had that serious look on her face, leaning on the kitchen counter, making notes on her phone. Her full ass in those yoga pants was quite distracting so I decided to distract her right back.
After giving her a gentle smack on that ass, I started groping and pawing at it, feeling her up, moving my hand between her legs and rubbing her pussy from behind.
'Mark, I'm trying to sort something out here. You're not helping.'
'You look tense right now. I think you could do with a break.'
'Sure. It's not because you've got a hard on and nowhere to put it right now.'
I laughed at that. She knew me too well.
'If a man can't feel his wife up in his own kitchen, what's the world coming to?'
Whilst I was talking I had already moved in close behind her, slipped my hand down the front of her tight yoga pants, straight under her panties and was running a finger up and down her wet pussy.
'Hmm. Maybe I should take a break after all,' she said.
***
It was a busy week at work, and things kept going wrong but in the end I had closed an important deal at work which was going to bring in a lot of extra money. Most of it would be reinvested into research and development but I could now buy a house for Aleesha and Amber, and pay my staff more for their skills and commitment. Selfishly I wanted my sister in law and niece closer to me, but I also thought it'd be good for them too.
There were a couple of things that had gotten me through work that week. Firstly, Amy had been a great stress reliever, always ready for a fuck when I got home, and sometimes wanking me or sucking me off while I finished paperwork in my office. The Academy had trained her very well, but she had a naturally high sex drive, which this week was much appreciated as Helen was away at a legal conference for part of the week.
Secondly, and most surprisingly, Amy's 18 year old best friend Jane had started sending me pics of her ass, pussy and tits. There was the occasional funny caption, like 'wish you were here', or 'fancy a game of poke-her?'. As the young people these days put it, Jane was an absolute smokeshow. Petite with nice small tits, she was a natural redhead with a pretty smattering of freckles across her face. And her tits as it turned out. Her nipples were a perky red, and between her legs was a pleasing amount of trimmed gingery pubic hair in a landing strip.
I didn't know what had prompted the pictures. Maybe extra credit for when she started post graduate sex therapy work, or just a bit of extra familial slut play. It crossed my mind that she might have been building up to a daughter swap with Amy. I didn't think her Dad would object. I'd seen Jeff at the graduation ceremony look at my daughter the same way I had looked at his to be fair.
Either way it was a welcome distraction. Although there was one occasion where my secretary Cynthia had had to relieve me at my desk between meetings because I had gotten so hard looking at Jane's pictures. Cynthia had started by massaging my shoulders, then had me stand up, dropped to her knees, unzipped me, got a good firm grip on me, and massaged my cock until I came all over her face.
Cynthia had worked at the firm for years as I built it up from scratch, starting as a general admin assistant to the firm before becoming my private secretary. She was practically family now. There were things about me she knew that even my wife didn't know. It was such a cliche that I was doing my secretary on the regular. But that was the thing. By some unspoken agreement we had never actually screwed. It was a line neither of us wanted or needed to cross, at least we hadn't so far. Cynthia was in her early 40s now and had a couple of kids. But she kept fit and still had a decent pair of tits. And I liked eating her pussy, sometimes skipping lunch and having her instead. As well as not having fucked, we had not kissed either - again, it seeming too intimate somehow.
***
Friday eventually rolled around and as I pulled in at home after work, it was late and I was tired, but I was delighted to see Amy's older sister Teresa's car in the driveway.
I had free used the fuck out of Teresa back in the day, and she'd been really very good at it, graduating at the top of the free use class at the Academy as it happened.
I thought of those days now when I found her in the kitchen. She was making herself a coffee and must've come straight from work. She was in her full office clothes still, a conservative dark grey pencil skirt and matching jacket over a sensible white blouse, hair tied back in a demure bun.
Nevertheless when we hugged I was reminded she had the biggest tits in the family and an ass to match.
'Dad, it's so good to see you. It's been too long.'
'Agreed. How's work treating you?'
'Better than my scumbag ex that's for sure.'
She had just split up from Peter, her boyfriend of three years. Fiance for the last three months actually, if I remembered rightly. That he'd been sleeping around wasn't the worst of it. He'd actually been stealing from her it turned out, syphoning money out of her accounts and using it to feed his gambling habit.
We sat and drank coffee while we chatted.
'If he'd just spoken to me, Dad. You know I'm open minded, we could have had a threesome or something.'
'It wouldn't have made any difference. And what about the money? No, you're better off without him. You'll find someone better who appreciates you.'
'Thank you Daddy, I hope so.'
I squeezed her hand.
'So, how's Amy getting on?, Teresa asked. 'She fucking you sixways to Sunday?'
I laughed at that. 'Honestly yes. Like someone else I know, she can be pretty insatiable.'
Teresa smiled. 'I remember those days. I loved it when you'd just stick your cock in my mouth whilst I was helping mum in the kitchen.'
'You were a natural at being free used. What about these days?'
'Nah. Peter wasn't in to that so much. I'm probably a bit out of practice.'
I looked at her meaningfully and an understanding passed between us.
'This weekend, Daddy. I want you to use me. For old times sake. I've been lonely. You could always make me feel good. I want to feel that way again.'
I squeezed her hand again and nodded.
'Of course sweetie. Whatever makes you happy.'
***
Teresa and I had stayed up late and had dinner together. Helen and Amy had already caught up with Teresa, eaten and taken themselves up to bed.
I followed Teresa up the stairs, carrying her bags for her. She'd be staying in the spare room this weekend. Just last week in this very room I had fucked my niece Amber's tight black pussy for the first time, taking her virginity.
Memories of Teresa now though flooded my mind, particularly as I watched her bend and put her suitcase on the bed, her juicy and full ass stretching her work skirt in a way that stood my cock to attention. This room had originally been Teresa's room and it was where I had also taken Teresa for the first time as an 18 year old graduate fresh from the Academy.
'Dad,' Teresa said turning to me, 'Would you help me get ready for bed, like you used to?'
'Of course.'
I helped Teresa get undressed, and when she was down to her black lace underwear, I stood behind her and put my hands on her wide hips, Her hour glass figure was delicious and barely changed from her 18 year old self, and as we both looked in the full length mirror, I could see her smile, watching as my hands moved from her hips to sweep up her soft tummy and cup her luscious boobs from underneath, feeling their soft but considerable weight. She needed a substantial underwired bra to support those boobs, but as I undid her bra, I was ready to catch their weight in my hands as they bounced out, released from their lacy confines. I sighed and kissed the back of Teresa's neck as I caressed her tits, squeezing them together, running my fingers over her hardening nipples, cupping them from underneath.
My cock was hard against the seat of her panties. I moved slowly with her to the ensuite, still holding those big tits for her, my cock throbbing now.
'You can use that toothbrush Teresa,' I said, moving with her to the sink, and letting go of her boobs, I pulled her black panties down to her ankles and quickly undid my own trousers and slid my boxers down, stepping out of them. I began to rub my erect cock against the soft round cheeks of her ass as she unwrapped the spare toothbrush and got some toothpaste from the mirrored bathroom cabinet.
'Thanks Dad, I forgot to grab my wash bag when I packed. You think of everything.'
'I try to,' I said and kneeling down, I spread her ass cheeks, and rubbed my hand from the crease of her ass round to the front, feeling how wet her pussy was, and how quickly she had become aroused. She hadn't forgotten her training. It was like riding a bike I guessed.
I pulled her a few steps back from the sink and as she bent over to brush her teeth at the sink, I took my cock in hand and slid into her juicy pussy from behind in one strong thrust.
'So when does Grant get here Dad?'
'He reckons he'll get here just as everyone starts to arrive at two tomorrow,' I said, grabbing her fleshy hips so I could bounce her back back into me as I started to fuck her.
'So just in time to miss all the hard work, as usual,' Teresa said, now pushing back into me as I thrust into her, getting me deep into her welcoming and warm pussy.
'Well you know your brother, sweetie.'
'Sadly, I do,' she laughed and then she spent a few minutes brushing her teeth as I rocked into her, her tits filling the deep sink basin.
She stood so she could wash her mouth out, and with the change in angle, I bent my knees and fucked up into her more, my hands on the sink for leverage.
I didn't suppress my groan. It had been a long time since I'd been inside Teresa, but she still felt incredible, and as we walked slowly together back into the bedroom, I kept my cock still buried in her, with her bent over slightly.
Now she bent fully over the bed, looking in her suitcase for a nightshirt, and I pressed one hand in the middle of her back to hold her there, as I started to fuck her in deep strokes. I loved the way the flesh of her ass shook in waves as each penetrating stroke hit home.
'Sorry dad, I can't find my nightdress. I'll keep looking,' she said, now thrusting back into me harder. I reached under her body and grabbed at those big tits, groping them as they swung in time to our rhythm, enjoying the size and weight of them, the press of her hard nipples into my palms, as I took her pussy in faster and faster strokes.
'Ah, got it.'
I pulled gently out of her so she could get the nightshirt on, which turned out to be a soft pink t-shirt style nightie. She quickly pulled it down over her body, and those big soft tits were covered, though her erect nipples pressed through the fabric. It hung long enough to cover her pussy but there was plenty of thick thigh for my eyes to feast on.
'Let's get you into bed, Teresa. You must be tired.'
I pulled the covers back and she got in, turning on her side to face me and my hard cock, wet with her juices.
'Goodnight kiss?' she said.
'Of course.'
I held my cock out to her waiting mouth, and she kissed the tip, before I slid into her tight and wet mouth.
'You up for helping with the BBQ tomorrow? You were always pretty good with the meat,' I said, as she sealed her lips tightly around me.
'Mmmhmm.'
I fucked her mouth gently and stroked her hair until she settled, using my cock as a kind of soother.
'There's going to be quite a lot of people here tomorrow. You know how your mum likes to plan a party.'
She let my cock out of her mouth for a moment.
'Very true,' she said. 'I love a good party too, it's the cleaning up bit I don't like.'
She got back to my cock, sucking on the the sides and moving her lips over the sensitive head, licking the tip, before plunging my shaft back down her throat.
I held the back of her head steady as she bobbed faster and faster on me and my balls began to ache, looking for a release.
'Agreed. I'm hoping some will stick around for a bit to help tidy. I have a feeling it might be a late one. Thinking about it, maybe we'll just invite everyone to sleep over, leave it for the cleaner in the morning.''
'Mmmhmm.'
'Right, you better get some sleep sweetie,' I said, and with a thrust into her mouth, came in hot throbbing spurts as I shot my release down her throat, groaning as I came harder than I expected. She swallowed my load and smiled sleepily up at me, licking me clean, making sure to get every last drop of my cum before letting me out of her mouth.
She closed her eyes and settled back. I kissed her on the forehead, and quietly crossed to the light switch, flipping it off. I thought I could hear her soft snores already as I closed the door gently.
***
After a shower and shave the next morning, I took an extra dose of my trainer supplements from the bathroom cabinet. Men of my age typically had teenage daughters to train as well as wives to satisfy, and there was no shame in getting a little extra stamina from a bottle. I worked out regularly in our home gym and according to my doctor I had the same level of fitness as a much younger man.
By my rough calculation there would be more than twice as many pussies as cocks at the party here today, and I would need to pace myself.
The day had dawned sunny and bright, and it looked perfect for a summer poolside BBQ. The caterers would get here mid morning and set everything up for us in the house and out at the pool, so that all we'd need to do food wise is cook up on the two bbqs, one for the vegetarians and one for the meat eaters. Plus keep the drinks flowing of course.
There was more work to do in the house though, clearing, tidying, getting all the bedrooms ready with fresh linen for family and friends play time, making sure there were plenty of towels, lube, wipes and bottles of water for everyone.
All bedrooms were large enough to fit king size beds in, which we had found a very worthwhile investment - you never knew who or how many might be joining you in bed.
Bathrooms, showers and toilets needed to be guest ready too, and we'd need to bring in extra seating from the garage into the two lounges, kitchen and out by the pool.
I put on cargo shorts and a white polo and headed downstairs.
***
I found my girls making breakfast in the kitchen. It warmed my heart to see my wife and two daughters in the same room. It had been too long since we'd all been together.
Helen, still in her silk kimono, was at the sink and I gave her a kiss on the cheek.
Amy and Teresa were setting the table. Amy was wearing tight booty shorts and a sports bra, filling both out nicely.
I smiled when I saw that Teresa was naked apart from an apron, which barely covered anything, her big tits spilling out either side of the apron front. It really was just like the old days.
I sat at the head of the table as Teresa poured me a coffee, her boobs hanging in front of me.
'Morning Daddy,' she said. 'Did you sleep well?'
'I did, thanks,' I said and started sucking on one of those big tits while I fondled the other. Teresa's nipples were big and tasty and she stilled as I swapped to the other, getting both nipples erect.
'How about you?' I asked Teresa as I turned her around and undid her apron ties, letting the apron fall to the floor leaving her standing naked now.
'Yes thanks Daddy. It was nice being back in my old room, even though it looks different now.'
My hands moved now on her generous ass cheeks, grabbing two big handfuls of what I wanted, squeezing, groping and spreading.
Standing now, I scooped Teresa up in my strong arms.
She was a big girl and I loved the soft weight of her as I carried her over to the wide central kitchen island and laid her gently back on the granite counter, opening her legs and holding them up and out.
I had missed her shaved smooth chubby pussy and those thick thighs.
'I meant to ask you Dad, would you take a look at my car later?' Teresa asked, holding her own big tits in her hands, 'It was making a funny noise last night.'
'Of course, sweetie,' I said as I bent down and started to kiss and suck on the soft flesh of her generous inner thighs, moving from one side to the other.
'Thanks Dad, maybe you can show me how to check it too? I should learn for myself really. I'm a big girl now.'
Yes you are, I thought, my cock throbbing in my pants at her words, as I opened her legs wider and started in on that plump pussy, wet with her arousal.
I started with some slow licks up and down her wet centre, the sweet and tangy taste of her on my tongue, before moving to lick at her clit for a while.
'Mark,' called Helen, the sound of her voice muffled from where my head was buried between Teresa's thighs, 'Will you be much longer? Your breakfast is waiting for you.'
I paused what I was doing for a moment, pulled back, and looked at Teresa's wet and swollen pussy lips and her big juicy clit. Now that's breakfast I thought.
'Not long, dear, ' I said, then I was back, devouring my eldest daughter's pussy, licking, sucking, kissing, trying to get that whole juicy mound into my mouth.
When Teresa came for me with only a small gasp, those thick thighs shook as they clamped me, locking my face tight against her sopping cunt.
It was one of my favourite places to be.
***
Jane, Amy's bff, and her folks were the first guests to arrive and I took them into the kitchen to get them a drink. The caterers had been and gone and as well as prepping all the bbq food and accompaniments into neatly labelled tubs and containers into the fridge, they had also set up a bar in our kitchen.
Jane started eye fucking me immediately, and I felt flattered by her attention, thinking of those dirty pics she had sent me. She was a wild one no doubt, a petite fiery redhead, making the sexually demanding Amy seem demure in comparison.
Jane's little white strappy sundress left little to the imagination and I knew what waited underneath in any case. Her dad Jeff saw me looking and immediately asked after Amy, communicating with a look what his thoughts were. I got the message. Later we would swap daughters.
His wife Patty was no slouch in the the looks department either, a taller curvier version of her daughter with softly curling auburn hair. She smiled warmly at me and held my gaze longer than was strictly necessary.
Maybe a wife swap was also on the cards. I knew Helen would likely be up for it. She liked Jeff but they'd not spoken much.
I'd resisted screwing Teresa on the kitchen top earlier as I wanted to save myself. That was a good idea. The only problem was my hard on which I felt was likely visible through my shorts. Doing Teresa first thing might have kept an erection at bay, at least for a while.
Then I chided myself. I was pretty sure after the drinks got flowing, clothes would come off left right and centre and there'd be a lot more to see than my hard on straining in my pants
Amy bounded then into the kitchen in her tight black booty shorts and sports bra combo, squealing as she and Jane hugged tightly and ran off hand in hand giggling, Amy's ass bouncing nicely in those shorts, long blonde hair flying behind her.
It was going to be a long, and very hard day, I thought, adjusting myself a little.
***
My wife Helen brought out two more beers for me and Jeff. We were sat by the pool shooting the breeze, watching our daughters messing about in the water. Jane had pulled off her sundress earlier to reveal a teeny green bikini which looked spectacular against her creamy skin, especially now it was wet.
Helen was wearing a pretty peach coloured knee length sarong, tied at the neck, for now at least keeping those big boobs I was very fond of covered up.
'How are the things at work, Jeff?' asked Helen.
'Good actually. We've just opened a new store downtown and the numbers are looking good.'
Jeff was in the sports and fitness retail business. He and Patty had started the business together and things were going well.
'Helen, you stay here and catch up with Jeff. I'll look after Patty.'
Ok, it was obvious what I was hinting at but I genuinely thought Helen and Jeff would hit it off. Helen kissed me on the cheek with a thanks and a knowing smile.
I went in and found Patty on a kitchen barstool nursing a margarita. Her tailored beige shorts went above the knee and there was a lot of bare leg to enjoy. She had pretty feet in matching beige strappy sandals.
I joined her at the kitchen island, taking the stool next to her.
'I hear business is booming', I said.
She smiled, and noticed my eyes drop to her pretty white camisole top which clung softly to the swell of her breasts.
'Yes, we can't complain at all. It's amazing we've managed to expand at the moment. Jeff's been kept very busy with Jane lately.'
I chuckled at that. 'I know the feeling.'
'He's not had as much time for me, unfortunately.'
I picked up her hand and ran my thumb over the back of it.
'It takes some getting used to but you'll get there.'
She thought about that for a while and then surprised me with a question.
'Has my Jane been sending you pictures? Intimate pictures?'
Honesty was the best policy. 'She has. I didn't even know she had my number.'
'She probably got it off your Amy. I think Amy's doing the same. Sending pictures to Jeff I mean.'
'Right. Kids these days.'
She smiled tightly. There was something else.
'Did you like the pictures? Of Jane I mean.'
I paused briefly. 'Jane is a beautiful, vivacious and smart young woman. She takes after her mother.'
She smiled at that. 'I worry about Jane though. I know it's normal for her to act like a slut at this stage, but now Jeff is using her body, well, they used to be affectionate you know, hugging, actually spending time together - all that good daddy daughter stuff. It's just kind of faded away. They just fuck and that's all.'
I carried on circling my thumb on the back of her hand.
'It's an adjustment that's all. Give it time, you'll see.'
I thought about it though. She'd been sending Amy pictures too of her and her Dad. Maybe there was something about her, trying too hard almost. Was she starved for real affection underneath that brazen front? Just because she was an Academy graduate now, it didn't mean she didn't need the love of her parents.
I would find a way of speaking to Jane about it later, although I might have to come at the issue sideways.
'Some of those pictures were of me you know.'
Now that I hadn't expected.
'I look like Jane you know. Especially... down there. Even Jeff said so.'
'I don't understand.'
'I wanted you to see me. I wanted you to see my - well, you know.'
'Your pussy?'
'Yes. Mark, I-'
I took Patty's hand, and put it straight on my hard on over my shorts.
'That's what you want isn't it Patty? You want my big cock? You want me to put it inside you, inside that gorgeous ginger haired pussy of yours?'
'Yes,' she whispered.
She took my other hand and put it on her breast.
Then the doorbell rang.
***
When I opened the door, I didn't know where or who of my three guests to look at first, but in the end it was my niece Amber who spoke.
'Hey Uncle Mark, we're not early are we?'
'No, not at all. Time was just running away from me,' I said, looking over my shoulder where Patty was making herself another Margarita.
'Hmm,' she said, giving me a knowing smirk. Amber was breath taking as usual, her warm brown flawless smooth skin on considerable display in a strapless yellow mini-dress, seemingly held up purely by its figure hugging cut. She was braless, and the slopes of her small breasts were temptingly close enough to touch.
'Come in, come in,' I said, 'Aleesha, it's wonderful to see you,' I said, kissing Amber's mum on the cheek. Aleesha looked hot today as well, her glossy ochre skin a strong complement to the clingy shimmery gold party dress she had gone with. Her big tits were pushing all that shining gold in my direction and I wasn't complaining.
But the real surprise was Amber's petite friend.
'Amber, aren't you going to introduce me to your acquaintance?'
'Uncle Mark, meet Mitsuki, Mitsuki meet my Uncle Mark.'
So this was 'Missy'. I hadn't given it a lot of thought when Amber asked to bring a friend. But this young Asian girl was something else. Her skin tone was a gorgeous light golden brown. She had long black hair which although it was mostly straight had a slight wave where it fell down her shoulders. She was wearing a pink striped blouse which fell off one shoulder and was tied in a knot under her surprisingly full tits, leaving her cute midriff bare and looking very kissable. She was wearing a super short front-zipped dark purple leather skirt, which showed off her toned bare legs all the way up to her thighs. I could see part of a tattoo there. Intriguing.
'Pleased to meet you, sir. You can call me Missy if you want to,' she said in perfect Asian-accented English.
Normally I'd insist she called me Mark and not sir. But I didn't want to risk insulting her. Also it turned me on if I was honest.
We shook hands, her little delicate hand in my big one. I was probably in need of picking my jaw up off the floor. She was a wet dream of a girl.
'Mitsuki and I met online and her Dad paid for her to come visit here for the summer,' Amber said.
'I've just graduated from the Tokyo Central Women's Academy,' Mitsuki explained. 'I've learned a lot about your culture, but it'll be interesting to see for myself. My parents wanted to extend their thanks to you and your family for welcoming me into your beautiful home today.'
She was enchanting. I wanted to take her out to dinner and a show, take her round all the tourist stops and read poetry to her. I also wanted to bend her over the nearest surface, flip up that tiny skirt, rip her panties off, and fuck her Asian pussy hard from behind till she came all over my big white cock. I was kind of a romantic pervert like that.
'It's lovely to meet you, Missy,' I said.
She nodded and then she was pointing at the tent in my shorts. My hard-on hadn't gone down since Patty had had her hands on it, and with the three women who had just walked in my door, it probably wasn't a surprise that it was still standing to attention. Even so, I didn't think it was polite to have a hard-on in front of a guest who I had only just met.
Mitsuki spoke up. 'Where I come from, when a man has a Bokki that big, it is customary to relieve him promptly in any way he chooses. It would be an honour if you would let me help you with that, sir'.
Jesus. My cock throbbed in my pants.
'Well, thank you Mitsuki for the offer. Over here, we like to have a drink first.'
We all laughed at that, including Patty who was watching from her barstool.
***
We were just waiting now for my secretary Cynthia and her husband Chris to arrive, and of course my eldest son Grant who was not known for his timekeeping.
Teresa helped me fire up the two BBQ grills, whilst Helen played the perfect host, making sure everyone had drinks as the whole party moved poolside. We had set up several tables, so people could spread out and choose where they wanted to sit. We wanted it to be as informal as possible, and there were chips and dips on the table.
Amy and Jane had naturally gravitated towards Amber and Mitsuki, and the four youngest guests were getting to know each other, giggling and joking with each other. Amy and Jane were relaxed in their bikinis, and later I hoped all four would take a dip. It was hot enough to justify it, and I was horny enough to find it difficult not to think about.
Cynthia and Chris arrived soon after. Cynthia was dressed quite conservatively for the weather, but I had expected that. She was wearing one of those long but light cardigans over a blouse and tight blue jeans. Her straight chestnut brown hair was side parted and went to just below her chin. She was wearing her sexy secretary glasses which she knew I was quite fond of. I'd certainly come over them a few times.
I'd met Chris once or twice at the office when he came to pick up Cynthia. Chris was a good deal younger than Cynthia but that didn't surprise me. Cynthia was quite the MILF and Chris was a nice, friendly guy. I bet Cynthia wore the trousers in their relationship, and I also bet he was 100% fine with that. Like me and Jeff, Chris was in the standard man-at-BBQ outfit of shorts and a top.
The mums and dads spread themselves round a table or two, and the drink really started to flow. Teresa went between both the youngsters and us, easily adapting to both groups and making sure her Mum had time to relax now everything was set up.
Teresa and I got the food on the grills, working side by the side as the delicious smoky smells filled the air. She dealt with the veggie side, I dealt with the meat. It was a fine afternoon, just perfect for a get-together and as the sound of laughter rang out, the sun rippled on the surface of the pool.
Teresa and I clinked our beer bottles together. It was nice to see Teresa out of her work clothes. She was wearing a kind of all-in-one tropical print outfit which looked like a dress but ended in shorts which showed off those thick thighs. Even with Aleesha's big black tits in the house, Teresa still took the prize, seriously stretching the buttonless top of her outfit which had a deep V neck cut that displayed her mouth watering cleavage.
'This is nice, Dad. Just what I needed.'
'Glad you're getting a chance to relax, sweetie. You've been working so hard and you deserve a break. And thanks for helping out with the food. Your little sister is many things but she's not a cook. As for Grant...'
Just then I caught a movement out of the corner of my eye, and suddenly a tall, young, very naked man appeared on the patio and ran headlong towards the pool as my guests gawped.
'Let's get this fucking party started!' he yelled before divebombing into the water, making a huge splash.
My free spirited and somewhat crazy eldest son Grant had arrived.
***
The food was delicious, more drink flowed and I noticed that here and there among our guests, a hand was on a knee, or an arm was round a shoulder or a hand was stroking a back.
I counted four cocks and nine pussies in the group, plenty to go round. My mind spun with the possibilities.
At some point Amy and Jane had taken off their bikini tops and were sunbathing topless on sunbeds next to each other chatting. Now I watched as my son Grant went over to them with a bottle of sun lotion in his hand. He hadn't bothered to put on any clothes and his obvious erection bounced as he went. The girls giggled when they saw him.
Like me he had free used Teresa a lot once she'd graduated, but he'd been away and hadn't fucked his little sister Amy yet. I imagined he was keen to put that right.
Mitsuki was talking to my niece Amber and they seemed very close. I wondered if they were more than friends. Then I was speculating if Mitsuki had a hairy pussy or was shaved. Hopefully I'd find out soon enough I reckoned.
My immediate inclination was to want to fuck a pussy I hadn't had yet. So that was Mitsuki, Jane, Aleesha, Patty and my secretary Cynthia.
Cynthia and I had done everything together except have full sex, and I wondered if today was the day.
But it was Aleesha who my eyes kept going back to. It was my late brother Bill who had asked her out first all those years ago, but I had always had a crush on her and dreamed about having her black pussy and big black tits in my bed, or to be more precise wrapped around my cock.
She was stood talking to Helen as they smiled at Amber and Mitsuki who were sitting on the side of the jacuzzi with their feet in the water, arms round each other.
'Hey, Mark,' Aleesha said as I walked up to them both, 'Thanks for inviting us over, it's been lovely to meet your family and friends.'
'I'm so glad you could make it.'
I noticed Helen and Aleesha's glasses were both empty.
'Can I get you a drink, ladies? I make a mean Mojito.'
Helen smiled at me. 'Not for me, dear. I'm going to switch to water for now. I need to keep my wits about me, especially now our number one son is back making mischief.'
I laughed at that.
'Aleesha?'
'Yes, please. I'll come with you. I could do with cooling off for a bit, it's hot out here.'
The three of us exchanged glances and I knew Helen was giving me and Aleesha her blessing. Last week Helen and Aleesha had ended up in bed together. Now it was my turn. But it meant more to me than that. I loved Helen with all my heart but had wanted Aleesha for a long time and Helen knew that.
Helen kissed me on the cheek and whispered into my ear. 'Have fun with your sister in law honey. I'll want your cock later though please. Jeff will have to stand in for you for now though. I'm hoping Patty will join us. I want that ginger pussy just as much as you do.'
***
Aleesha and I took our drinks through to the lounge and sat next to each other on the big sectional sofa. I had eaten her daughter's pussy out on this very sofa not long ago.
It was cool and quiet in here and we had the place to ourselves for now.
'Mark, I wanted to thank you again for taking care of Amber last weekend. She's in a much better place now thanks to you.'
'No need to thank me, she is a credit to you. And Bill. She just needed a bit of comforting, that's all.'
That was honestly true. Amber had opened up to me and talked about her feelings. I had also fucked her tight black pussy and ass and come all over her tits. But I did have tender and protective feelings for her too. I wouldn't try to replace her Dad, but I would be there for her.
Aleesha put her drink down and reached out to me, putting her warm and soft hand on my cheek and jaw. I placed my hand over hers.
'Will you comfort me too, Mark? There's been no man since Bill and I've been so lonely.'
I brought her to me and we kissed each other gently at first. It was everything I hoped my first kiss with Aleesha would be, albeit twenty years after I had first wanted to. Her lips were plump, warm and soft.
As my pent up emotions started to rise, I deepened the kiss, finding her tongue and sucking on it hungrily as she returned my passionate kiss with equal intensity.
We kissed for long moments and I lost track of time.
Aleesha pulled back and whispered in my ear. 'Take me to bed, Mark. Make me feel like a woman again. Your woman. Please, Mark.'
***
I stood behind Aleesha and looked at her in the full length mirror in mine and Helen's bedroom. She really was beautiful. Tall and curvy, her hair in pretty braids, she was stunning in her gold party dress. Her dark shoulders were bare, and I kissed the back of her graceful neck gently, before nuzzling into her neck, her light floral perfume filling my senses.
'I've waited a long time for this, Aleesha.'
She sighed. 'I have too. I always liked you, Mark, you had to know that. But Bill was so charming. He asked me out first, and well, here we are.'
'Yes, here we are,' I said, and started to unzip her dress from the neck, kissing down her spine as I went, exposing glossy black skin as I went. Her skin like her lips was warm and soft. There was no bra to get in my way as I went lower, unzipping her all the way down to where the curve of her back ended and the swell of her ass began. I rose up again and slipped the dress off her shoulders, and down her body so it pooled at her feet. She had not worn any panties either. I quickly pulled my top off and unbuttoned my shorts, letting them fall to the floor. I wanted to feel my naked skin on hers.
I didn't know where to start as I looked in the mirror. Those beautiful big black tits were finally within my reach, but that full rounded ass begged for attention, too. There was a small mound of glossy pubic hair at the junction of those thick but firm thighs.
I put my hands on her hips first, then lowered them to that gorgeous ass, squeezing those luscious full cheeks and just feeling their smoothness in my hands.
Then I slipped my boxers off and stepped forward, hugging her from behind, the hardness of my cock finding the crease of her ass, bending my length upwards with delicious pressure.
She sighed and I could see her broad smile in the mirror.
Then my hands were roaming over her smooth toned stomach, before I slid them slowly upwards, finally cupping those big black tits that had driven me crazy in my youth. Her nipples, blacker even than the surrounding glossy flesh, were hard points in my hands. The soft warm weight of her breasts in my hands made my cock ache. The contrast between my white hands and her black tits was incredibly arousing to me and we both watched in the mirror as I squeezed her boobs together, lifting them up before letting them fall, caressing their curves.
My cock throbbed, and Aleesha reached behind her with a hand, gripped my length and started to run her hand up and down it. I groaned with the contact, and she squeezed gently.
I lightly pulled on those big black nipples and then let my hands drift lower. Aleesha widened her stance and at last I got my hands on her pussy, running a finger gently up and down her slit, immediately feeling she was wet and ready for me, then running my fingers through her springy pubic hair.
Now Alesha turned in my arms and before I knew what was happening she had squatted down and taken my hot and hard length in to her mouth in one smooth movement.
'Oh, god Aleesha that feels good.'
'Mmmhmm.'
I looked down and watched as she got to work on my cock, deep throating me with ease. My hands went to the top of her head and I closed my eyes, lost in the moment. Her tongue was strong and she used it with skill as she bobbed up and down my length, swirling it around my cock head and licking underneath my shaft as she held my erection at the base and sucked on me, maybe harder than I had ever been sucked before. It felt that good, I felt like I was losing my mind.
I opened my eyes again and she was looking up at me with an expectant look. I almost came just from that look, and tried to focus even as I felt my knees tremble. Those big boobs looked good swung forward as she leaned into me, her full dark lips a tight seal taking my white meat over and over.
I thought about the fact that her squatted stance would have opened her pussy right up and I had a frantic urge to get between her legs.
'Aleesha, I need you on the bed right now.'
She smiled around my cock and let me out of her mouth. I pulled her up to her feet and crushed our bodies together, my hands not knowing what to grab at first. I walked her over to the bed like that and pushed her back on to it. Aleesha giggled at that and scrambled on her back up the bed, on top of the covers, head on the pillows.
I got on the bed and crawled on top of her, my cock feeling huge and swollen. Aleesha bit her bottom lip in a way that made me feel powerful as my larger body loomed over hers.
She reminded me though of the hold she had on me by grabbing my cock.
'Jesus Mark, you're big.'
I smiled at the compliment but as I looked down at those beautiful big black tits my mouth watered and I buried my head between those gorgeous mounds for a moment. Aleesha held me to her chest.
'You like my tits, baby?'
I loved that she was becoming more flirtatious, more confident of herself. She was starting to realise I needed her comfort as much as she needed mine. We had both loved Bill in our ways. And now without him, we could maybe find that love in each other.
I lifted my head up. 'Aleesha, I love these tits. I can't tell you how long I've wanted to get my hands and mouth on them.'
'Show me.'
I started on the left. It was big enough around that I needed two hands to properly hold it. I worshipped it with my tongue, running back and forth over the nipple and around the areola, kissing the soft skin as I went, stopping at points to suck a little here and there. By the time I focussed on her jet black nipple, it was long and hard. I licked it first before giving in to the strong impulse to suck on it, gently at first and then harder, sucking upwards, bringing the whole tit up with how hard I was sucking.
Aleesha was moaning now, reflecting back my own pleasure as I moved to the right and started working on it. Her tits were delicious and I just couldn't get enough of them. I sucked hard on her right nipple and caught the tip in my teeth and her gasp made me throb.
The only thing that could tear me away from those tits was her pussy. I kissed down her cleavage, to her tummy, and then lower.
I settled myself between her thick but toned thighs. I had thought in this moment I would tease her gently with my tongue before bringing her slowly and methodically to a climax.
But looking straight at that black pussy, the juicy lips crying out for attention and the hint of pink inside when I spread her thighs, I lost all sense of my plans and just dove straight in, kissing her down there with the same desperate passion I had taken her mouth with earlier. She tasted both earthy and sweet and as she grabbed my head and held my head between her legs, I knew she felt the same.
So, like a man starved, I ate that pussy without any coordination or consideration, my tongue and lips kissing, sucking and licking everything. I knew at some point I was sucking on Aleesha's clit as she started to pull at my hair.
'You like my pussy, baby?' she said breathlessly.
'Mmmmhmmm.'
I got my tongue as far up inside her pink on the inside pussy as I could.
'Get up here now, baby. Give me all that cock. Don't hold back now. Fuck my pussy, baby. Fuck it hard.'
Scrambling back up her body, I crashed my lips against hers, my cock throbbing, prodding at her wet entrance. As she arched off the bed, I was sucking on her neck when my cock found its way home, smoothly sliding into her in one instinctual thrust.
We both groaned as I filled Aleesha up. She sheathed me tightly and as she squeezed my shaft with her walls, any control I had disappeared and I went straight to pounding her, giving her what she wanted and what I needed.
I was relentless, not slowing or pausing, just fucking her hard into the bed, bouncing both of us. I buried my head in the side of her neck and she held me there, her big black tits squashed against my chest as I stroked hard into her fast and deep.
'That's it baby, that's it, oh god Mark.'
Aleesha wrapped her legs around me and held on to me tightly, her arms round my back as I kept on railing her.
Then the bed dipped on the right unexpectedly and my pounding heart caught in my throat as I looked up and my eyes met Amber's. My 18 year old niece had slipped into the room while I was screwing her mum and was sat on her knees next to us, naked as far as I could tell. Her small tits, high on her chest, were such a contrast to her mum's but her nipples were just as black and hard right now.
'Don't stop on my account. I was just walking past and I heard all this noise.'
'Amber!' cried her mum, 'What are you doing in here!' Aleesha panted, as I carried right on giving it to her hard, raising up on my arms now while my eyes locked with Amber's.
'It's ok, momma,' Amber said, running one hand up and down my back, as she leaned in to give her mum a kiss on the cheek even while the bed bounced. 'I just wanted to ask Uncle Mark what he was doing.'
I knew Amber's kink. She liked to hear dirty talk but not say it herself. I had to slow a little so I could catch my breath to speak properly.
'I'm fucking your mum's tight black pussy.'
'Yeah you are. And what did I miss? Earlier I mean.'
I raised up now, changing position, and lent back on my knees so that Aleesha and I made an L shape on the bed while I continued to do her. At first I lifted and held Aleesha's legs into the wheelbarrow position, but then she locked her ankles round my back so my hands were free.
In this position both Amber and I could watch my cock going in and out of Aleesha's pussy more easily, and I could hold her mum's big black tits as they bounced around.
'Your mum was sucking on my big white dick. She took it all the way in the back of her throat.'
'That's good,' said Amber and leaned in to kiss me briefly on the mouth.
Aleesha had propped herself up on her elbows a little and was groaning whilst she watched. Apparently she was getting just as turned on as I was by what her daughter was saying and doing. If I wasn't as turned on as I was, I would have felt more surprised at this.
'What else, momma?' Amber asked, surprising her mum by leaning down to kiss her mother's mouth gently. When I saw that my cock throbbed in Aleesha's pussy. After my earlier abandon, I did have to control myself now. I didn't want this to end, not yet anyway.
Aleesha surprised me by how quickly she got into Amber's kink when she said, 'Your uncle Mark ate my pussy. He ate it so good. He made me so wet, baby.'
'Yeah, momma, I can tell.'
The wet schlicking sound of me stroking into Aleesha's pussy was proof if any were needed.
Now I could see Amber lean towards her mum's bouncing tits and I let go of the right one so Amber could grab hold of it instead.
'What about these, momma. I hope Uncle Mark didn't forget about these?'
'No baby, he didn't. He sucked your momma's big titties good. Look at how hard he made my nipples get baby.'
Amber bent her mouth to her mum's right breast and started sucking on the hard nipple at its centre.
'You like momma's big tits too, baby?'
'Yeah I do, momma,' said Amber, getting right back to sucking. I let go of Aleesha other breast and Amber got busy with them both now, holding them as best she could, sucking on those big black stiff nipples. I leaned back on my arms and enjoyed the view for a moment as Amber got into a more comfortable position at right angles to her mum's body.
Now I reached out and ran my hand down over Amber's hair, then down the smooth curve of her back. After groping her cute little black ass for bit, I started rubbing her wet pussy between her legs. I couldn't see what I was doing but I didn't need to. I was now stroking slowly into Aleesha, finding a new gentler rhythm.
I put a finger in my nieces pussy now and she was rocking back and forwards on to it. When I looked back up, mother and daughter were kissing each other hard, tongues duelling with each other. I added another finger into Amber and heard her gasp.
Amber slid her hand down past her mum's boobs and tummy and started touching my shaft and her mum's pussy where we were joined. The look and feel of my niece's small hand down there was electric as Amber kind of wanked me in to her mum's pussy, occasionally pressing on her mum's juicy clit.
I gently took my fingers out of Amber's pussy and was licking the taste of her off my fingers when she swung a leg over her mum's waist and was now facing me, her small black hard nippled tits within reach as she sat gently on her mum's tummy, holding most of her own weight through her own knees planted on either side of her mum.
Amber and I lent towards each other and kissed as I sort of hugged her, feeling her stiff nipples on my chest. She rose up a little on her knees and my hand went between her legs, fingering her slippery teenage cunt as our kiss deepened.
I could hear Aleesha panting at the other end of the bed as I carried on fucking her. Then her hands appeared around the sides of Amber's tummy, and rose up so that she was cupping her daughter's firm tits, squeezing them together, caressing them.
'Oh Momma, that feels nice.'
'You like that baby, Momma touching you like this?'
'I love it, momma.'
I held Amber's face in my hands and kissed her thoroughly as we all rocked together on the bed.
'Come on back here, baby,' said Aleesha, 'Come and sit on momma's face. I wanna eat that little pussy of yours.'
'Sure, momma.'
Amber scooted backwards and her mum wasted no time in getting her settled on her face. I leaned forwards so that Amber could loop her arms around my neck.
The view was incredible, one of the hottest things I had ever seen. I could make out Aleesha's tongue lapping at her daughter's pussy. Amber had closed her eyes and thrown her head back, and was holding her own tits as she began to ride her mum's face.
'Oooh momma, you're making me feel so good down there.'
'Mmmmhmm.'
I started thumbing Aleesha's clit now as I stroked slowly into her. At that Aleesha started to really eat her daughter out. Amber's eyes snapped open and she met my gaze now.
Backstroking out of Aleesha now, I let my cock pop out and up, wanting to show Amber how hard her and her mum were making me.
Now Amber was changing position, leaning forward to me and getting into 69 with her mum, her head and tits now lying on her mum's stomach. There was some shuffling around and adjusting needed, then Amber's head went between her mum's open legs. I couldn't see exactly what Amber was doing, but I rested my cock on the top of Amber's head for now, and ran my hands up and down her smooth and glossy back. I could see Aleesha's hands gripping and spreading her daughter's ass cheeks open at the far end of the bed.
Then Amber was bracing up with hands on the bed, holding herself in a kind of push up position and I shuffled back on my knees, my cock throbbing in the open air. Now Amber buried her head between her mum's thighs and I stroked her hair with one hand and fisted my cock with the other.
As mum and daughter ate each other's pussies, I marvelled at how they had both fallen so naturally into giving each other pleasure like this. I smiled thinking about how I had brought them together, although I had to give Helen credit for taking Aleesha to bed first, and helping Aleesha discover that she liked pussy as well as cock.
I was just starting to feel a little left out though when Amber's head came up, her lips shiny with her mum's arousal.
Amber watched me wank my own cock with interest.
'Hey uncle Mark, you wanna stick that big thing in me and momma? I've got an idea.'
Amber's ideas in bed were usually excellent and my smile was the only answer she needed.
She gave her mum a quick kiss on the pussy then she was moving, sitting up, leaning back on top of Aleesha, bracing herself up on her elbows on the bed. Her mum's arms came around Amber's waist so that daughter was laying face up on mum, her mum sort of hugging her.
Amber opened her long legs, feet planted on the bed, and I moved forward, pushing Aleesha's legs back and holding them up and open.
The result of all this manoeuvring was that I now had two open wet black pussies to choose from, one stacked on the other, Amber's on top, Aleesha's below.
Mum and daughter's pussies were similar, but Amber's was more compact and Aleesha's more open with bigger pussy lips and clit. Amber was shaved smooth but her mum had some tight black curls on top of her opening that I had enjoyed feeling earlier. The sight was mouth watering, and leaning forward I spent some time alternating licking and fingering both pussies as I heard them both groan.
The size of my cock meant that I was able to get into a position on my knees where I could take turns fucking both pussies.
I started on top with Amber, sliding my cock into her tight black 18 year old pussy.
'There you go, thanks Uncle Mark, that's just right.'
'Oh fuck Amber that feels good.'
I started slow but soon I was going at her quite fast, my balls slapping into her mum's pussy below.
'Momma's turn now,' said Amber.
I pulled out of Amber and angled my cock down into Aleesha's pussy and penetrated her in one smooth thrust. Aleesha moaned and her hands moved up to caress and cup her daughter's breasts.
All three of us were panting now. I didn't want to come too soon so to distract myself a little I counted strokes.
Ten into Aleesha, then I was out and angling upwards, thrusting back into Amber to give her ten strokes. Then I pulled out and was angling down, penetrating Aleesha below. Mum and daughter were both very wet, but both pussies were pleasingly tight. Aleesha had better control over squeezing her cunt walls on me, but Amber was getting better at it all the time.
'Oh momma, Uncle Mark is really stretching me out. It feels so good.'
'You like it, baby?' said Aleesha, her voice muffled a little coming from under amber's body. 'You like your Uncle Mark's big cock in your little pussy?'
'Oh, momma I love it!'
I was changing between pussies quicker now, five strokes in one then swapping. I used my hands on Aleesha's thighs to push her legs a little further up and open, which caused Ambers to do the same.
The change in angle seemed to heighten the sensations for all three of us and I increased my pace so I was railing both of them as the bed bounced.
I wished I had two cocks so I could fuck both of them at the same time, but this came pretty close.
Speaking of coming, that familiar tingling and tightening sensation was building in my balls which were very wet now from slapping and rubbing Aleesha's juicy pussy below where I was thrusting inside Amber.
Aleesha's hands now appeared over the top of her daughter's open thighs and she was spreading Amber's pussy lips open with her fingers. That gave me a beautiful view of my white cock moving in the pink interior of Amber's young black cunt.
Alternating now between the two stacked pussies more quickly with just a few strokes in each was driving all three of us to the edge.
'Oooh, uh, oooh, uh, yes Uncle, yes, yes, oh god yes!'
Amber's little black tits were bouncing as I stroked into her, and gently pinched her erect nipples. Underneath Amber's body, I could make out Aleesha's bigger mommy boobs bouncing around some.
I kept my left hand on Amber's tits and moving my other hand up to her mouth, had her suck on the fingers of my right.
When Amber bit my fingers it made me thrust deep and then I was suddenly coming in a tingling squeezing rush inside her. I pulsed twice inside that slippery teenage pussy then quickly withdrew and re-entered her mum's. Aleesha squeezed my cock with her cunt walls, milking me as I throbbed in her, crying out as I spurted the remainder of my load into her.
***
The shower wasn't really big enough for the three of us but I wasn't going to complain about being squashed between mum and daughter as we helped wash each other under the powerful spray, laughing and giggling together.
We dried each other off with big fluffy towels and then sat together on the bed for a bit. Whilst I searched Helen's panties drawer, Amber and Aleesha found short silky kimonos in Helen's wardrobe.
I picked out pale green thong style panties for Amber and light blue lacy cami knickers for Aleesha. I didn't bother with bras. I rather liked the idea of keeping mother and daughter's tits bare.
They both lent on me in turn as I held their panties for them to step into. For some reason this felt more intimate even than the threesome we had just had.
Mother and daughter giggled as they picked out a pair of royal blue silk boxer shorts for me out of my dresser before belting on those thigh high kimonos.
It struck me that without any Academy training, Amber had performed extremely well. It just went to show you could pick a lot up off the internet.
We went downstairs in search of a drink.
***
Before we even got to the bottom of the stairs, we could hear wet slapping noises and grunting.
As we rounded the corner into the lounge on the way to the kitchen, it was immediately apparent where those noises were coming from.
My eldest son Grant had his sister Teresa bent over the arm of the sofa and was fucking her hard from behind, his balls slapping her ass whilst he grunted. Grant hadn't bothered putting any clothes on since he had streaked into the house naked early today, and Teresa was naked apart from her big underwired purple bra, which was doing double duty containing her tits - the biggest in the house today, and usually the biggest in any house. Those tits were being bounced back and forth by the force of Grant's thrusting as Teresa braced up on her arms on the seat of the sofa.
I was a little surprised because I thought Grant would've wanted to get between his younger sister's thighs first - he'd been away backpacking and hadn't yet fucked her, whereas he had taken the Academy trained free use champion Teresa many times in the past. Still, I understood the appeal. Teresa had a big juicy pussy which I myself had fucked last night and eaten this morning and those incredible tits were hard to beat. That and the fact that Teresa was probably happy to catch up on Grant's news whilst he screwed her meant it was a good use of both of their time.
Grant was steadying himself with his hands on the middle of Teresa's back, and I watched as Teresa's juicy ass flesh rippled as he pounded her.
Amber gave my hardening cock a quick squeeze through my boxers.
'Go on uncle Mark, I'll get me and Mummy a drink.'
I watched mum and daughter's asses under those right kimonos as they padded into the kitchen before turning my attention back to Teresa and Grant.
'Hi Daddy, ' Teresa said. 'This is a great party. I'm glad I decided to come.'
'Me too, sweetie,' I said, walking over to them and running my hands over Teresa's shoulders.
'Hey Grant,' I said to my eldest as he continued to plough his curvy sister. 'It's so good to have you home.'
'Good to be back Dad,' he said, cock buried in his sister as he paused for a bit. 'I've missed this pussy for one thing. But how's work?'
'Oh, you know, it pays the bills,' I said, undoing Teresa's bra and taking it off, letting those luscious big tits free.
Grant picked up the pace again. I sat on the sofa next to Teresa and took my cock out through the front of my boxer shorts.
I shuffled closer to Teresa and helped get her situated so that she was lying across me, those big soft tits in my lap squashed nicely against my dick. As her brother fucked her, those fat tits wanked me as they got bounced back and forward.
'So,' I said to Grant, grinning at him as we both used Teresa, 'How did your travelling adventures go?'
'It was a blast, Dad. I met some really cool people, worked on a farm for a couple of days even and saw some beautiful wide open spaces.'
'Don't you mean wide open pussies?' I joked, moving under Teresa now, repositioning myself, and pulling her head down on to my cock so I could throat fuck her.
'That too,' he said, smacking Teresa's ass. 'I fucked the farmer's daughter on her 18th birthday and then ate his wife's pussy on the kitchen table.'
'That's my boy,' I said, fucking up now into Teresa's hot mouth.
I closed my eyes and lay my head back on the sofa with my hand pressed to the top of Teresa's head. Teresa was an excellent cock sucker even whilst she was getting her pussy fucked. It was no wonder she had graduated top of her class in free use. This kind of multi-tasking came with the territory.
'Hey big brother, you gonna fuck my pussy with that big dick then or what? Don't see why Teresa should have all the fun.'
I opened my eyes to see that it was Amy who had spoken. My 19 year old daughter had her arms wrapped around Grant from behind, her naked tits pressed against his back while he continued stroking into his other sister.
'Sure I'll fuck you, little sis.'
Grant smacked Teresa's ass again and she moaned around my cock.
Then Chris, my secretary Cynthia's husband came in naked, his erect cock shiny, probably from someone's pussy juice.
All this talk of Grant's travels got me thinking about Mitsuki, Amber's friend from Japan.
'Hey, Chris,' I said, 'You wanna take my place? My Teresa's got a mouth you can use.'
'Sure, sounds good.'
I slid out of Teresa's wet mouth and stood up. As Chris sat down and Teresa got to work on his cock, she winked up at me.
Between Grant and Chris, my two daughters would no doubt get a good hard fucking.
I went off in search of some Asian teen pussy.
***
It was good to be back out in the afternoon sunshine and there was still plenty of light left in the day.
Jane and her mum Patty were in the bubbly jacuzzi talking quietly together while they sipped their drinks. I went over to them and said hi.
Seen next to each other like this there was no mistaking they were mother and daughter. Both were ginger haired, with Jane's lighter and longer hair a pleasing contrast to her mum's shorter and darker look. They both had very cute smatterings of freckles across their noses, cheeks and shoulders.
Patty had changed into a white bikini, or perhaps she had had it on under her outfit earlier. Jane had been topless earlier when she was sunbathing but I hadn't gotten a good look at her tits from that distance. Even though she was in a light green bikini top now I had a much better view of those ripe teenage tits close up. Patty's tits were a little bigger but Jane's weren't far behind.
I thought of both of their wet ginger pussies under water. Technically I had seen both already. Jane had sent me pictures and Patty had told me earlier in the kitchen she'd included a few of her own.
'Ooh, look what we have here! Mr C, I do believe you have a boner,' said Jane looking at the tent in my boxer shorts. She was falling back on her slut play training again.
Patty didn't look impressed at her words, but she parted her lips slightly and I guessed she was thinking about my cock.
Patty thought that Jane's over the top slut behaviour was a big act and that in reality Jane missed the easy affection there had been between her dad and her before she turned 18. Now all he did was fuck her and he'd barely shown any affection for Patty too. Patty was worried about it all.
It was true that as an Academy trained woman, Jane had been trained in slut play, and all families had to adjust when daughters turned 18. But as I looked carefully at Jane, I could see there was a certain vulnerability in her eyes.
'You gonna fuck my ginger pussy later, Mr C? My cunt is wet for you right now as it happens. And I know you liked my photos didn't you? Bet that got you hard at work.'
I leant down and kissed both of them on the cheek. Jane's look told me she felt rejected. I thought Patty was right after all. I whispered in Jane's ear, 'You look beautiful today, Jane. Let's talk later, ok?'. She gave a slight nod, confused.
We would talk later and I'd get to the bottom of things. Then I'd fuck that pussy and hopefully her mum's too.
***
I was surprised to find Mitsuki sitting by herself half way down the garden, on a wooden bench underneath the shade of the trees. I was also surprised to see that she was smoking some kind of herbal cigarette, the fragrant aroma drifting on the summer breeze.
She had her phone in her hands and was typing away furiously.
'Hey, Mitsuki.'
'Hello there, Mr. Collins,' she said, putting her phone away as if I had caught her doing something wrong.
She looked worried. She also looked insanely hot in a crop-tied top and short purple miniskirt. That smooth bare midriff was begging to be kissed. Her legs were crossed and there was an awful lot of golden brown thigh on display. There was more of the tattoo I had caught a glimpse of earlier, visible where her right thigh met her ridden up skirt.
She took a drag of her cigarette, and looked me up and down appreciatively. I was wearing my green silk boxers, flip-flops and a cheerful erection. I sat down next to her and held her small hand.
'Is everything ok?'
'Please don't tell my father I smoke, sir.'
'Mitsuki, it's fine.'
'Please Mr. Collins. And call me Missy.'
'I will if you call me Mark.'
'Yes. Mark, sir. If my father finds out, he will be cross. Please don't tell him, I'll do anything.'
'Missy, I won't tell your father. I don't even have his number.'
'Please Mark, I'll do anything if you don't tell him,' she said, looking at me significantly with deep brown eyes, then taking another drag.
Finally, I caught on. My cock throbbed a little as it got with the program.
'Missy, I won't tell your father. But I do want you to do something for me.'
'Anything, Mark, sir. Sometimes I need to be told what to do. My father has always said so.'
I smiled as I considered the possibilities.
'Show me your phone.'
'Yes, sir.'
She handed it to me. I looked at the screen. Missy had been texting back and forth with someone, and had been sending pictures. They looked to be pictures of a hairy pussy, but the images were a little unclear.
'What are these pictures Missy? Who are you sending pictures to?'
'My father likes me to send them. He says he misses me.'
'I want you to take one for me, Missy.'
'For you? Yes, sir.'
Missy handed me her cigarette, and I took a drag now. I hadn't smoked in years, but I figured what the hell. She stood up and I handed her back her phone. She took a few steps back, bent her knees slightly, and then the phone went under her skirt and I saw the flash go off. My mouth dried up.
'Let me see.'
She handed me the photo back. The image this time was much clearer. It was a picture of Mitsuki's hairy little pussy.
'You're not wearing any panties?'
'No, sir. My father says-'
'Take off your skirt, Missy. But turn around first and bend over.'
She did as I asked, and I only had a few seconds to wait before that skirt was unzipped and lying at her feet. Now I was looking at the smooth tight golden brown cheeks of her small ass, and between her legs the dark hairy mound of her pussy.
'You like my little hairy pussy, Mark, sir?' she said, still bent over.
I took another drag on her cigarette and blew smoke up in the air.
'Yes, Mitsuki, I do. Why don't you come over here so I can get a better look.'
I quickly slipped my boxer shorts down to my ankles. My cock was pointing straight up and flexing in anticipation.
Missy turned, saw my firm erection and giggled. 'You have a big Bokki, sir, you know that?'
I guess I did. But I was pretty distracted looking at the dark hair between her legs. It was a decent bush, trimmed back a little, silky looking. It was rare these days in my experience for women to have more than a landing strip, and more common to be completely shaved smooth. It suited Missy though and was as dark as the hair on her head.
High on the outside of her right thigh was that tattoo I had caught a glimpse of. It was composed of three vertical Japanese characters rendered in jet black ink.
I stubbed out the cigarette on the arm of the bench, reached my arms around her narrow hips, grabbed her little ass and pulled her to me. Squeezing one of her firm little cheeks in one hand, my other hand skated up and down that smooth thigh tracing the letters.
Mitsuki smiled at me. 'Aisuru. It means to love.'
'Pretty,' I said, and moved that hand from her thigh to between her legs. Missy bit her lip as I ran my fingers through her equally pretty bush.
'Open your legs.'
'Yes, sir.'
I ran a finger up and down her slit which I could feel but couldn't see. She was already slippery there. That bush went up, down and around her little pussy.
'You wet for me already, Mitsuki?'
'Yes, sir.'
'Take off that blouse now, let's get a look at those tits.'
She giggled and untied the flimsy knot, and slipped the shirt off her shoulders. She had perfectly shaped medium sized breasts, topped with cute brown button nipples. Her flat stomach was smooth and very kissable.
'You like?'
My answer was to pick up her small naked body in my strong arms. She squealed as I placed her light weight on my lap in front of my cock, her thighs on my hips, so that my hot length was nestled against her little ass.
That position opened up her pussy and I could feel heat and dampness from that pretty bush as it tickled the bottom of my stomach.
'You are a very strong man, sir.'
I was tempted to just pick her up and lower her on to my cock but I wanted a taste of that Asian teen pussy first.
I got my hands under her ass cheeks and boosted her up my body. Missy gripped the back of the bench to balance herself. I got her firmly around her tiny waist, then I lifted her again. It was kind of like I was giving her a piggy back, only it was more of a piggy front as her legs hooked over my shoulders, her smooth warm thighs wrapped around my face.
Then Missy lifted a little and at last I had that little hairy pussy right where I wanted it, right over my mouth. I held her in place with my hands on that cute little ass, and used my tongue to start lapping at her wet centre, parting her juicy folds, her soft silky pussy hair tickling my face.
She tasted incredible, like salty blackcurrant juice and as I used my tongue to delve into her young cunt I heard her whimper.
Mitsuki rode my face whilst I devoured her little pussy, my cock throbbing between my legs. She was such a petite, light little thing that now we were balanced I could have stayed eating her pussy like this all afternoon. I found her little clit with my tongue and after giving it a few licks up and down, left and right, I started to suck on it gently, her juices making my face wet.
'Oh sir, oh Mark, don't stop.'
Spreading those little ass cheeks, I used a finger to locate her ass hole, but didn't try to put it inside her, instead I just circled that little ring. Missy was squirming and moaning now and I knew now how sensitive she was back there. Maybe later I'd shove my big cock up her tight ass.
But now the urge to have her sit on my cock came on strong so I carefully lowered her back down my body, her tits rubbing down my chest as she moved. Then with her knees planted either side of me, that pussy was opened up so I lifted her right over my big thick cock, then she sank down on my purplish mushroom head, taking a couple of inches in so that the head of cock was swallowed up by her hairy cunt. Then she sat down hard and took the rest of it all the way up to my balls in one smooth movement.
'How do you like that, Mitsuki? You like sitting on my big Bokki?'
'Yes, sir,' she gasped, 'You are much larger than my father, but you have made my pussy very wet.'
She felt so good impaled on my cock. Wet, tight and warm. She looked good too, head tipped back, her firm tits with hard brown nipples pointing straight out at me.
For a moment she only rocked gently on me, getting used to my size and width, her hairy bush obscuring where we joined but I loved the sensation of that soft hair in my lap.
I reached out and caressed her tits, running my thumbs over her nipples as she began to bounce on me, and I fucked up in to her.
Then my hands went into her glossy black hair as I held her face and looked into her eyes.
'Kiss me, Mitsuki.'
I hugged her to me and our lips touched gently at first, then she deepened the kiss, and I let her tongue into my mouth. She tasted smoky from the cigarette and normally I wouldn't have necessarily liked that, but right now it made things hotter somehow, adding to the sensations this petite Asian teenager was giving me.
I broke the kiss for a second. 'Hold on tight to me Missy, I'm going to stand up now.'
Missy looped her hands around my neck and I stood, taking her light frame with me, holding her small ass in my big hands, her little legs held up and open, their soft weight supported, draped over my muscled arms. My cock was still buried in her.
I had fucked my eldest daughter in this position a few times when she had first turned 18. Teresa was a big curvy girl with huge heavy tits and by comparison Mitsuki was as light as a feather.
This angle gave me maximum penetration into her tight little Asian pussy and we both groaned in pleasure. Missy had got herself balanced on me just right now. If Missy had wanted to she could've started bouncing on my cock but we both held still for a moment, panting but smiling at each other.
'Oh, Mark, sir, your big kanamara is really filling me up. Am I not heavy for you?'
'Mitsuki, you are such a little thing. You can stay there all day as far as I'm concerned.'
She laughed at that and the movement stirred my cock in her juicy pussy.
'Let's go for a walk, Missy. I want to show you something.'
'Yes, sir.'
She looked so pretty at that moment, long black hair flowing down her naked back. I kissed her mouth quickly and she sighed in contentment.
With Mitsuki clinging on to me, her head on my shoulder, and with my big thick cock still deep in her pussy, I held that precious little body and walked with her carefully to the bottom of the garden.
Each step I took bounced her a little on my hard shaft, which made it the most pleasant stroll in the garden I'd had since moving in. That little golden brown round ass felt good in my hands.
'I've always wanted to keep Koi,' I said, and watched Missy's little smile as she took in the beautiful pond, which was more of water garden really, teeming with the bright orange and white ornamental fish.
'Nishikigoi,' she said, her eyes shining as she watched the fish. 'My father's family farmed Koi on the shores of Honshu many years ago.'
'I had these imported from Niigata.'
'I would never have guessed that you would be such a supporter of Japanese culture, sir.'
'Oh I'm a big fan, Mitsuki,' I said, as I began to bounce her on my cock, slowly at first, then as we kissed, faster and harder as I gave in to my need to fuck that tight pussy out here in the afternoon sunshine.
She tightened her arms around my neck and I hugged her to me, her smooth teenage tits squashed against my hard chest as I rose up into her and she slid down on me, both of us working to get me deep into her with each stroke.
I planted my feet so I could really give it to her, the sound of her rising moans and the rushing of the water filling my ears as I filled her over and over, groping her ass as I railed that pussy.
'Mr. Collins,' she gasped in my ear as she bounced, 'You're going to give me an orgasm. Your big chinpoko is making me so wet.'
She wasn't kidding. Her pussy was so slippery I was able to pull her off my cock completely and plunge back into her easily. I could feel her wetness coating my balls as well.
I was close to coming myself but I held on.
'That's it Mitsuki, you come for me now, come on. Come all over my big fat cock.'
I sucked hard on the side of her neck and rammed equally hard up into her, then held her tight.
'Iki-sou-da! Iki-sou-da! I'm coming!'
Her cunt walls squeezed my cock and then I felt a sudden rush of new warm wetness on my cock and balls as she came, shuddering against me for several seconds before going still. By a monumental effort I held back my own orgasm and waited as her breathing slowly returned to normal, kissing her neck gently now to soothe where I had given her a love bite. I held her little body against me tightly.
'Mr. Collins, you have not come yet?' she whispered in my ear. 'Do you want me to help you?'
I didn't know whether I wanted to come in her pussy, her mouth, her ass, or all over her stomach, face or tits. I realised I wanted all those things.
'You've helped me plenty Mitsuki. I'm just not ready to leave your pussy yet.'
She smiled at that and clenched on me a little. I was still rock hard inside her.
'Let's go back up to the house where it's cooler. We can get a drink and then we can fuck some more.'
I wanted her on her back against something soft so I could get above her and pound her. I also hadn't had a chance to suck on her tits yet.
'Yes, sir. And I wanted to tell you, I like...well I like to be watched. Also, I am fully trained in oral, anal, positions and flexibility. I took gymnastics as well, graduated with a distinction in that and positions.'
I smiled at that.
'Well then, you've come to the right place. Hang on to me tight again, Missy.'
She tightened her grip on me and I carried her easily back up the garden, past the bench, our discarded clothes, and up to the house, my cock still solid and deep in her hot wet pussy, my hands holding that little ass as I walked, her small legs wrapped around me.
***
I was surprised that no one was outside now as we reached the swimming pool. There was still plenty of warmth in the day. Probably everyone was cooling off inside with a drink.
I took Mitsuki to our outside changing room/shower block and pressed the button to get the overhead spray going. It cooled us both off a little and I let the spray go between our bodies, cleaning and refreshing us. I pressed her up against the stall door and screwed her gently for a few minutes as we let the water cascade down our faces and bodies.
Her golden brown skin looked good beaded with moisture as I boosted her up my body a little. She grabbed the top of the shower wall behind me. With the differences in our height it meant I was now face to face with a ripe pair of teenage tits.
I leant forward and took a brown nipple into my mouth, sucking gently and running my tongue in circles around it whilst I cupped her other tit in my big hand before swapping over and giving the same attention to her other breast.
Now those tasty young tits were topped with hard nipples and I kissed in between them as I gently pumped in and out of her hairy pussy.
After a few minutes, I shut off the spray and walked Missy back outside into the sunshine and we kissed a little, drying off some in the warm afternoon, my cock still comfortably sheathed in that little Asian pussy.
'Come on, Missy, let's get you that drink.'
***
'Holy fuck, Dad, I was wondering where you'd gotten to. Now I can see you've been a little tied up.'
My son Grant's eyes were out on stalks as I walked with Missy still clinging to me in to the kitchen.
'You're one to talk,' I said as Missy bounced a little on my cock, her arms looped around my neck.
Grant was stood leaning back against the kitchen island getting his dick sucked in turn by his mum and, I was a little surprised to see, my secretary Cynthia. My wife Helen was in her lacy black underwear, but Cynthia still had her blouse, skinny jeans and sexy secretary glasses on. They were kneeling on cushions at his feet as they passed his swollen member back and forth between them. Helen's ass looked fine as hell in those black panties, and Cynthia's ass filled her tight jeans nicely.
'Yeah, well,' he said, a big grin on his face, then looked down as his cock was lavished with attention.
We laughed at each other then and I walked Missy over to the bar at the other end. When I first came into the kitchen I hadn't spotted Teresa behind the bar. Those big tits were out and my mouth watered a little. Her nipples were hard and begging to be sucked.
'What can I get you, Mitsuki?' Teresa asked, apparently non plussed that I had my cock buried in our teenage Asian guest.
'Vodka and orange please. I think you call it a screw driver?'
That seemed appropriate.
'Dad?'
'Make it a double and put a couple of straws in it.'
'Sure, Dad.'
She made us up the drink and I watched her as a pretty blush rose on her cheeks and neck, the kind that she usually got before she had an orgasm.
On a hunch I leaned forward and peered over Missy's shoulder so I could see behind the bar.
Turned out Teresa was naked, kind of half sitting on Cynthia's husband's face who was on his knees in front of her, head buried between her soft thighs. Chris was enthusiastically eating out my daughter's plump and juicy pussy, his tongue moving in her wet slit.
I passed the drink to Missy who sipped at it through the straw, holding the cold glass carefully between her tits.
As much as I wanted to suck on Teresa's boobs, I didn't want to put Missy down. She felt too good on my cock. I settled for playing with my eldest daughter's tits for a bit to help her orgasm along. I had once made her come just by pulling and sucking on her big stiff pink nipples.
'Have fun, honey,' I said, turning with Missy's small delicate body in my arms and heading through to the lounge, passing my wife and secretary who were now sucking and licking on either side of Grant's big tool, running their mouths up and down it like it was a big juicy corn on the cob.
***
There was plenty going on in the lounge too, and I was glad to have thought to bring in extra seating from the garage.
Missy and I both watched for a bit and I knew she was as turned on by it as I was, her little pussy gripping me.
On the sectional sofa, Jeff was sitting with his shorts round his ankles whilst his ginger haired daughter Jane was in reverse cowgirl, sitting on his cock and sliding up and down on it, her green bikini bottoms pulled to one side, her tits bouncing inside her matching bikini top as he fucked up into her and she ground down on him.
'Oh, hi Mr C, I see you have your hands full,' chirped Jane as she bounced on her Dad's cock, but I swear I could see a jealous flash in her eyes as she saw I was balls deep in Asian pussy.
Meanwhile next to them my youngest Amy was getting more than a little handsy with Jane's mum Patty. I knew Amy liked to eat mommy pussy. She pushed a giggling Patty on to her back and was trying to get her white bikini bottoms off whilst Patty made weak protests. I could see Patty almost lick her lips though as Amy sat up and untied her own bikini top, letting her tits do the talking. I'd bet Amy would soon have her tongue in Patty's ginger pussy. Seemed like Amy could turn the straightest girl into a willing partner with that Academy trained tongue of hers.
My eyes flicked over to the big soft armchair. My niece Amber was lying back on her Mum Aleesha, legs open and naked except for the tight green panties I had picked out for her earlier. Aleesha was gently caressing her daughter's tit, rolling a black nipple between thumb and forefinger, while her other hand was inside Amber's panties, moving around, no doubt fingering her. Aleesha was quietly talking into Amber's ear, but now I saw she began to kiss her daughter's elegant neck. Amber's eyes were watching me now with undisguised interest, and she was going to get a good look at me fucking the living daylights out of her Asian friend.
I took a big sip of the drink through the straw to ease my dry mouth and shuffled with Missy over to the other soft sofa, putting the drink on the side table and finally lowering Mitsuki to the sofa as I moved on top of her small frame, keeping my cock inside her. My balls ached a little from being hard within her for so long but now I'd find my release with this pretty, petite teen.
As light as Missy had been, it felt good to set her down. That tattoo high on her right thigh looked good. Her warm brown eyes looked up at me as she got settled on her back, and I brushed her jet black damp hair gently back from her forehead. She wrapped her little legs tight round my back and her arms went round my shoulders. We both groaned as I began stroking into her, the angle at which I was penetrating her felt so good. I looked down between our bodies, watching as my cock disappeared into her and was covered by that pretty black bush between her legs when I was at the bottom of each stroke. Her tits bounced on her chest as I started to rock at a greater pace into her, braced up on my forearms. Her lips parted on a gasp and I bent to kiss her, sweeping my tongue into her mouth and finding her tongue just as eager as mine.
I rose up a little, admittedly curious about our audience, who had been busy enough themselves. Missy looked across too whilst I fucked her. She'd already told me she liked to be watched. I didn't mind either way, as long as I got my dick wet. And it was very wet right now, sliding smoothly in and out of Missy's juicy little pussy, which was doing a good job taking my hot length.
Jane was sat still on her Dad's cock, and his arms were around her cupping her tits from behind. She was certainly watching me. Her dad was still sliding in and out of her pussy, and I took a moment to look at that cute ginger landing strip above where she was being penetrated, partly obscured by her pushed to one side bikini pants. I was keen to get up close and personal with that little ginger pussy later. Jane saw me looking and smirked.
At the other end of the sofa, Amy had gotten her way with Patty whose bikini pants were nowhere to be seen now. Her head was between Patty's pale thighs, getting stuck in to eating Patty out and not paying any attention to me. Patty was watching me a little, but she was also getting into what Amy was doing to her, stroking Amy's head while she worked her over.
Meanwhile over on the big armchair, Amber's panties had come off at some point, and her mum had two fingers in her daughter and was pushing them in and out of her wet black pussy with increasing speed. Amber saw me looking and our gazes locked, then she looked at Missy.
'Fuck that pussy, Uncle Mark.'
Amber wasn't one for using profanity or dirty talk, though she liked it when others did. Her words now caused my cock to throb and Mitsuki squeezed her cunt walls on my thick shaft in response.
I gently grasped Mitsuki under her knees and she unhooked her legs from my back. I pushed upwards and forward which brought her little ankles up to my shoulders, and for a while I fucked her in that position, holding her ankles with her legs vertical. My cock was squeezed in a whole new way which made my balls tingle as they slapped underneath where I was stroking into her and she was moaning now.
I was going to find out how flexible this little Asian teenager was as I pushed up and forward on her legs again, bending her over and lifting her cute little ass up off the sofa. Missy was definitely into it so I kept going till her little legs were up around her head, and that whole pussy was wide open for me.
So true to Amber's words, I fucked that pussy and I fucked it hard, holding the Asian teen's legs up and back, owning that hairy pussy, owning Missy and her little body, reaming her wet centre over and over, hammering into her until she was making the kind of noise that I knew meant she was close to coming. I was pretty close myself, and that delicious pre-coming feeling was starting to tighten my balls.
Missy came then, crying out as her pussy clenched hard on me. I stayed buried in her as long as I could before I couldn't take it anymore. I withdrew my wet cock, holding it at the base, and moved to kneel over her face, my big balls resting on her tits as she opened her mouth, and I came hard all over her, my jerking cock sending white ropes of cum on to her pretty little face, landing some of my load in her open mouth and some in her hair, crying out myself with that intense tingling-squeezing-rushing pulsing feeling as I emptied my balls all over her.
As our breathing began to calm down, and the hammering in my heart slowed, Mitsuki took my cock in her little hand and wanked me firmly over her tits, squeezing to make sure she got every last drop of cum out of me.
***
I scooped Mitsuki's little body up off the sofa and she was relaxed and smiling in my arms. I took her upstairs into the spare room and straight into the shower. Still cradling her, I turned on the shower and washed her hair, face and between her legs, letting the water rush over both of us and occasionally kissing her wet mouth.
When she was clean, I put her on her feet and she gently washed me, paying particular attention to my cock and balls, dropping to her knees and using her mouth a little once she had rinsed me off.
'
After we had dried each other with big fluffy towels she told me how sleepy she was feeling, apparently still jet lagged. Being thoroughly fucked and coming hard twice on my cock probably tired her a little too. I found some clean white panties for her and helped her put them on, then tucked her into bed, first kissing her warm pussy through those tight white panties, then that hot thigh tattoo, moving my lips to those little brown nipples and then her cheek. I put my semi erect cock in her warm mouth and she sucked sleepily on me for a while.
'Thanks for fucking me so well, Mr. Collins, sir. My father will be pleased that I have served you today.'
'The pleasure was all mine Mitsuki. I hope in return I attended to you properly and that your father will be content.'
I turned off the lights on the way out, a towel wrapped around my waist.
***
On the way past Amber's room at the top of the stairs, I could hear various moans and groans coming from within, so I decided to take a peek - it was my house after all - and cracked the door open.
My eldest daughter's back was to me and she was riding a man's cock hard, bouncing the bed up and down. I moved further into the room and saw that it was Chris, Cynthia's husband on his back, hands tucked behind his head while Teresa, her beautiful big tits bouncing around, was rising up and down on his length, her hands braced on his chest.
I came up behind Teresa, and Chris nodded an acknowledgment at me even whilst he groaned his pleasure out.
'Hi baby,' I said, and leaning in and reaching around, got my hands on those big tits that I found impossible to resist.
'Oh, hi Daddy,' she said brightly, as I cupped her tits, or as much of them as I could. The soft feel of those warm globes as they overspilled my fingers, and the stiffness of her big pink nipples felt so good in my hands.
Letting them go with some regret, I pushed her forward so those tits were mashed down on to Chris's chest. His hands went into her strawberry blonde hair, pulling her face gently towards his and as he continued to fuck up into her, he pulled her in for a kiss, hugging her body to his.
I got onto the bed on my knees and could see Chris's cock pistoning in and out of her more clearly now, bouncing that ass up even whilst Teresa slammed down on to him. As I watched from behind, I could see how wet her plump pussy was getting.
I put my hands onto her juicy ass and groped it, spreading her cheeks open. It was a while since I'd fucked Teresa's ass, and I was tempted now to take her asshole whilst Chris fucked her pussy. I knew Teresa enjoyed double penetration, and me and her brother had free used her that way a number of times, often coming in both her holes at the same time.
My towel was tented now by my hard on, and I let it drop on the floor. My cock sprang out as I considered the possibilities.
'I'll be back in a minute, sweetie.'
'Ok, Daddy,' she said.
I grabbed lube from the bedside table, and spread it all over my long thick cock, enough for both of us. Then I got back on the bed, standing carefully at first as the bed bounced. I planted my feet to the sides of their joined bodies and squatted down over Teresa's juicy bubble butt. My gym time was certainly paying off in terms of balance and lower body strength right now.
Chris could see what I was planning to do, and held Teresa tight to him first, then moved his hands down her back and spread her ass cheeks wide for me, exposing her pretty pink asshole.
I put one hand on Teresa's shoulder for balance and got my cock situated between those round smooth ass cheeks, then gently pushed at her open ring, notching the head in the right place, spreading lube around her entrance. Then with my other hand braced on the top rail of the headboard, I moved my hips and slid my cock into that tight little hole.
Teresa gasped as she felt me penetrate her. There was a little resistance here and there but Teresa was adept at taking big cocks so I kept pushing till I was all the way in. It was a delicious tight squeeze. Chris's cock in her pussy and my cock in her ass no doubt made it tighter for both of us. Teresa had stilled whilst I got into her asshole, but now she moved a little. Chris started to groan with the greater tightness in her pussy he was bound to be feeling.
'Hey baby,' I said, 'Hope you're enjoying the break from work.'
'Thanks Daddy, it's been good to come home. Very good. Fuck, that feels good.'
I smiled. Teresa was a skilled 'carry on as if nothing's happening' free use slut, but she was only human, and being double stuffed with two big cocks was bound to be challenging. Anyway, she wasn't at the Academy now and I just wanted her to have fun.
Teresa braced herself up on her arms and got settled on our cocks. I began to slide in and out of her and so did Chris. Those big tits started to rub back and forward on Chris's chest and I envied him the view and the feel.
I got into a rhythm with my hips, and Chris though he was pinned under my curvy eldest daughter, matched my rhythm so we were stretching Teresa in sync, bottoming out in her two holes at the same time, me from above and him from below.
I was panting now as I increased my pace, my balls slapping gently on Teresa's ass just above where Chris was penetrating her. As Chris and I worked together, Teresa began to moan and gasp.
For long moments all I could do was fuck her tight ass, and try not to come. I moved my other hand to the headboard to give me more of an anchor so I could take her ass harder.
The noises she was making gave a good indication she was rising towards a powerful orgasm and I wanted to get her off. I'd already come several times today otherwise the sliding tightness of her would have had me bursting in side her by now.
I watched as the flesh of my eldest daughter's round ass shook in waves as I repeatedly took it, enjoying the bounce of her big soft bum on me.
We moved into a different rhythm now as Chris and I alternated our strokes. When Chris was deep in her pussy, I'd be nearly fully withdrawn, and when I was balls deep, his cock would be almost out, ready to stuff her pussy again.
Underneath me, Teresa was now flat on top of Chris, her big tits squashed against him and he was holding her head in the crook of his neck and shoulder, eyes closed in a kind of concentrated ecstasy.
I'd left the door open earlier so keen was I to get my hands on my eldest daughter, but I was surprised to hear my secretary's voice behind me.
'Ah, there you guys are - I hope I'm not interrupting anything.'
I turned to see Cynthia, her eyes shining with interest behind those glasses. Considering her husband was buried in my daughter's tight pussy and I was fucking her tighter ass, it was kind of a crazy thing to say.
Chris and I both stilled our movements. I needed to pause in any case, I was close to blowing my load and Teresa hadn't come yet, though she was close.
Cynthia still had on her blouse and those tight skinny jeans. It was good to see her out of her office clothes - it made her look younger and it reminded me of when I had interviewed her all those years ago for the admin assistant job when she was a young brunette bombshell with longer hair, which she usually pinned up and back
After only a few weeks in the job, Cynthia and I had become close. She could read my moods very well and after one particularly stressful morning when nothing has gone right, I had gone to the staff kitchen to make a coffee.
I found Cynthia in there, looking cute in a grey skirt and white blouse, sheer enough that I could see her bra straps through it. She was waiting for the kettle to boil.
'Oh, dear', she'd said, 'Not a good morning I take it?'. It must've been written all over my face. Or at least Cynthia could see it there.
'You could say that.' I had just lost a whole chunk of code I'd been working on.
'Come on, come here,' Cynthia said and I went to her. Without breaking eye contact, I could feel her rubbing at the front of my trousers and quickly I was hard. 'I know how to make you feel better. All this stress is bad for you.'
I had been surprised but it hadn't stopped me from getting my hand under that skirt and rubbing her pussy through the front of her panties in return. That first time we made each other come fully clothed.
Things had escalated from there and more often than not to relieve my stress when she spotted it, Cynthia would find an empty room for us or lock us in the kitchen, and would either wank me into her mouth or slip off her blouse and bra and have me come over her tits as she squeezed them around my cock. In return I would pull her panties down and finger her wet slit and clit till she came over my hand, or I'd get on my knees and eat her pussy until her legs trembled with an orgasm.
I had started to buy underwear for Cynthia that I wanted her to wear at work, once or twice even bringing in some of Helen's panties from home for her to change into. For some reason knowing that the silky material between Cynthia's legs had also been up tight against my wife's cunt made me extra hard.
Despite all of that I had never fucked Cynthia or even kissed her.
Now my cock throbbed in Teresa's ass as I felt a surge of need to put that right and finally nail Cynthia.
I think she had the same idea as I felt her hand on my ass and then cupping my balls. As I pulled a little way out of Teresa, Cynthia made a ring with her thumb and forefinger around the circumference of my shaft and squeezed so for awhile I was fucking her hand and my daughter's big bum at the same time as our eyes locked.
Cynthia started to unbutton her blouse with her other hand and I was very pleased to see she was wearing my favourite bra I had gotten her - an ivory silk balcony bra with pretty lacy cups. Her tits looked delicious in them. She was also wearing the diamond necklace I had brought for her 40th birthday.
Her husband Chris knew that Cynthia and I had a special relationship and now with his cock in my daughter, he could hardly complain if I fucked his wife. In fact, Cynthia had hinted more than once that Chris wanted to watch us go at it at work but the opportunity hadn't presented itself.
As I gently pulled my cock out of Teresa, I resolved to let Chris bring my eldest girl to orgasm. It was high time I gave Cynthia what we had both resisted for years.
'Come on, come here,' she whispered which had become our secret sex language as she pulled me by my cock in to the bathroom, leaving Teresa and Chris to get on with it for now.
She ran water in the sink and washed my hard cock and balls for me, something she had done for me at work many times after making me come. Sometimes we had showered together in my office ensuite after bringing each other to orgasm and I would wash her pussy too.
Now we brushed our teeth at the sink too, standing side by side, another habit we had gotten into so we were both fresh and clean at work after she had relieved me, often in to her pretty mouth. It was all very domesticated and comfortable.
The difference this time was we were readying ourselves before and not after.
I stood behind her now at the sink and we looked at each other in the mirror, me naked, pressing my cock into the denim stretched over her ass, her in that lacy ivory bra and jeans. I realised then I had probably come more with her over the years even than with my own wife.
She had been my rock at work for years, my confidante, my supporter, my business dinner companion, my stress manager, my friend. She was smart, sexy and had a good sense of humour. She was so much more than my secretary. She really was very pretty and I felt my heart surge.
'Thea,' I breathed, using my pet name for her and wrapping my arms around her from behind, 'You know I'm in love with you, right?' I said with complete honesty.
She smiled and then giggled. 'Mark, I've been in love with you since we pretty much first met.'
I turned her in my arms and right there in that bathroom, while her husband was fucking my daughter on the other side of the door, we finally had our moment. I took her glasses off, put them on the mirror shelf and cupped her face in my hands, and brought her in for a kiss over ten years in the making. She sighed and parted her lips slightly.
When our lips made contact, my heart leapt in my chest. Those generous lips were warm and soft as we kissed tenderly a few times, just exploring the feeling for a moment. Then I crushed her to me, those equally generous tits squashed to my chest. Losing control, I took her mouth feverishly then and she responded, our tongues seeking each other, sweeping inside mouths, our lips crashing against one another like a couple of horny teenagers. We were both minty fresh and for a second we both laughed at the same realisation.
Her hand had gone down to my cock and she was pulling on it gently while we kissed. She knew my cock and balls intimately, and pulled on me just how I liked it. My hands went to the buttons of her jeans and with a bit of shimmying, and without breaking the kiss, we got them down to her ankles between us and she stepped out of them.
Those ivory lace panties were high cut bikini style and moulded tightly to a pussy my mouth, tongue and fingers were very familiar with. I cupped her warm mound between her legs and possessively thought, 'mine'.
Then both my hands were on her ass, squeezing the smooth and yielding flesh. Her hand was gently fondling my balls now. Once she had made me come just by squeezing, licking and sucking on my balls without even touching my shaft. It had been a powerful orgasm and my cock had jerked uncontrollably, splattering her glasses with my hot load.
But kissing her and touching her tenderly and intimately like this made these moments now so very different from our work encounters. As I finally broke the kiss and nuzzled her neck, I caught the pretty floral scent of the perfume I had bought specially for her.
'Mark,' she whispered, 'I want you to show me what I've been missing all these years. What I've been wanting. I want you inside me. Come on, come here.'
'Yes, Thea'
She led me by the cock again back in to the bedroom and I realised I wasn't the only possessive one,
****
Chris was on top of Teresa now, gently screwing her, her legs wrapped around his back and those big tits of hers in his hands as he took her in long, deep and slow strokes.
They both watched as Cynthia and I went round the other side of the king sized bed and I sat down, my cock hard and pointing straight up. Cynthia stood in front of me and I gently placed open mouthed kisses on her soft but toned stomach, not something I'd ever done before. My hands held her curvy hips gently and as I kissed lower, her hands went to my head and she ran her fingers through my hair.
My kisses reached the top of her silky panties and I pulled them down a little, enough that I could see the familiar small trimmed patch of dark hair she kept. I kissed her there, nuzzling her with my nose and she giggled. I could smell the clean scent of her arousal.
'That tickles,' she laughed again
I did it some more, pulling her panties down a little more so that the top of her pussy appeared.
I knew exactly how to make her come, and over the years had perfected it, but as I pulled those silky knickers down slowly over her ass and down her legs, kissing her wet centre as I did, it was with a renewed passion to make love thoroughly to Thea, not simply to bring us mutual relief quickly and efficiently.
When her panties were round her ankles she stepped out of them and I tapped the bed next to me. She knew what I wanted and put one shapely leg up on the bed, holding my shoulders for balance. That opened up her pussy nicely for me, but instead of diving straight in, I gently ran my fingers up and down her wet slit, and rubbed gently at the little button clit she had just above her lips and watched as it swelled a little, following up by swirling my tongue over it.
'Mmm, that's good Mark,' she breathed and started to run her fingers gently up and down my shaft, instead of the usual grab and tug.
I spent some time gently licking up and down her pussy, pressing my tongue on her clit, listening to her panting slightly before I moved to gently kiss her inner thighs, again not something I'd ever done, and their smooth and firm warmth made me realise what I'd been missing.
I reached one of my arms round Thea, bringing her a little closer to me and stroked her back as my tongue stroked her pussy, the familiar taste of what was a little like pineapple juice on my tongue.
She squeezed my cock gently and stepped down of the bed, then dropped to her knees between my legs.
'My turn,' she said.
Normally she would've just wrapped her lips around my cock and got right to it. Not that I had a problem with that, but as she started to use one hand to hold my shaft gently and lick around the head of my cock while she gently cradled my balls, I much preferred this more sensual approach from her.
Then her lips moved to slide down and take the whole of my cockhead into her warm and wet mouth sucking gently. I sighed and she looked up at me, smiling around my cock. I reached down her smooth back and unclasped that pretty bra, freeing her medium sized breasts from those silky cups. She had cute little button nipples which whilst I had come over them numerous times, I had never sucked. I reached down to caress the smooth skin of her breasts, stroking the sides and cupping them from underneath. To do so I had to lean forward a little which slid my cock a little further into her warm and willing mouth. Her tongue tapped along my underside vein and she gently tugged on my balls.
'God, Thea, that feels so good.'
'Mmmmhmmmm.'
My hands went to the top of her head then, and I ran my fingers through her soft chestnut brown hair.
She maintained the slow pace, but now took me further, applying steady suction as her lips went up and down my stiff length.
Behind us on the bed, whatever Chris was doing to Teresa was working for her as I recognised the rising moaning sounds of my eldest daughter being brought to orgasm.
Cynthia's lips had reached the top of my cock and now she touched her tongue to my sensitive slit and licked a drop of precum off.
Then I was taken by surprise and gasped as she swallowed my whole cock in one movement all the way to its root, deep throating me and holding me there for several long seconds, her face tight to my lap.
I closed my eyes while my cock throbbed at the back of her throat and I held on to my come.
When she released me, my cock was shiny with her saliva and the urge to bury it between her legs was overwhelming. She stood and I hugged her middle, my head on her warm tummy, her breathing hard, my hands on her ass.
Then I pulled her on top of me and she laughed as we fell back on the bed and got tangled up together, our fully naked bodies against each other for the first time.
She was smooth and warm and soft, and when she slid underneath me I was filled with a sense of rightness that it had finally come to this.
Thea opened her legs and I moved between them. I did not want to rush this, so instead of immediately penetrating her, I bent my head to her mouth and kissed her gently, not yet used to the novelty of those lips. My cock slid against her wet folds and I sawed against them, the mushroom head rubbing her swollen clit.
Thea panted in my mouth even while she returned the kiss.
Next to us on the bed, Chris had Teresa's legs up on his shoulders and was giving it to her hard and fast, bouncing the bed as he ploughed her.
Apart from my son, I had never seen another man fuck my eldest daughter and I have to admit it turned me on to see her so thoroughly used. She looked across at me and winked even through her moaning.
But the firm and fit body of my secretary beneath me was more than enough, and as I bent my head to her breasts, I sighed in contentment as her hands moved to the back of my head.
Braced up on my arms above Thea, I took the hard button of her nipple into my mouth and sucked, then let it pop out of my mouth before licking and breathing across the top of it, kissing across to the other one and repeating the move, staying longer, listening to Thea's soft whimpers now.
My cock throbbed as it moved over her wet pussy lips and bumped her clit.
Thea's hands went to my back now whilst mine went to her tits and I caressed them, running my thumbs over her taut nipples. I touched her diamond necklace, feeling some primal sense of power and ownership over her.
She rose up a little and kissed me again.
'Come on, come here,' she said.
I knew what she wanted, what we both wanted.
Moving my hips slightly, my shaft found the entrance to her well lubricated pussy.
I looked down between our bodies and I noticed Cynthia did the same. I watched as my cockhead for the first time nudged at her slippery entrance, moving against her pussy lips under that small trimmed black bush, and as I inched forward, my sensitive head touched her where it never had before, stretching her wet hole open. The sensation at the head of my cock was exquisite.
In one firm but gentle thrust I finally slid home, watching as my dick disappeared inside her.
Our foreheads touched and we sighed together, the pent up passion of years finally given expression as I filled her, my cock sheathed tightly and warmly in her pussy.
'Christ that feels good.'
'Same,' she giggled and flexed her walls around me, making me gasp and she laughed again.
'Now show me what you can do with it', she instructed.
I glanced across at Teresa and Chris. Teresa was now on her side facing us, her delicious big boobs squashed together. Chris had her leg raised so he could comfortably screw her from behind where he lay on his side, pressed up against her back. They were both watching us whilst Chris slid in and out of her pussy lazily but with a slow deep rhythm, his mouth kissing her exposed neck gently as he rocked with her.
Knowing we were being watched as we made love brought the experience to a whole new level and as I just enjoyed the feeling of being between my secretary's legs, my eldest daughter reached across and touched my shoulder, joining the four of us together.
Thea's naked tits on my bare chest was a new sensation, and her hard little nipples rubbed on me, sending tingles in all the right places as our mouths found each other again and she wrapped her legs around my back.
I started with some slow, deep, penetrating strokes, letting Cynthia adjust to my size and width. She knew how big and hard my cock was in her mouth but had never taken me between her thighs.
'Oh god, Mark, oh god,' she said as I bottomed out again and held still, my balls wet from her dripping pussy, my shaft buried in her, her arms around my shoulders.
'You like that?'
'Yes. God, yes.'
Now I started to rock into her, and I buried my head in her neck, pressing down on her so we were more squashed together, wanting to press every part of me to every part of her.
Her perfume filled my senses, and I skated a hand down her side to the outside of her thigh, caressing the yielding skin there as I stroked into her, moving to the curve of her hip before coming back up to cup her face in my hands.
Her hands went down my back to my ass where she squeezed my cheeks firmly and pulled me into her, trying to get even more of my cock into her as I thrust harder now, the desire to fuck her hard rising in me.
At some point, Chris and Teresa had moved and she was now on her back again underneath him, Chris thrusting between her thick thighs, our positions matching, me fucking Chris's wife while he fucked my daughter side by side.
I looked down at Thea whose eyes were closed as a moan escaped her lips. My gaze went to her tits as they bounced lightly on her chest and then I looked across at Teresa and watched as my curvy daughter's big tits bounced around as Chris pounded her.
Teresa reached out and got a hold of Cynthia's hand which had been on my shoulder, pulled it towards her, and they interlinked fingers on the bed, holding hands whilst they both got a good hard fucking.
I was close to coming, especially as I looked at those joined hands, but I knew Cynthia's body well and she needed something more to get her off. True, this was our first time having full sex, but I knew how she liked her clit stroked.
I changed position then, and rose up and knelt back so that we were L shaped on the bed. My secretary used her hands to pull her own knees back then I grabbed a hold of her inner thighs and pushed her legs back further, opening her up wider. I felt powerful holding her this way, literally bending her to my will.
In this position I could watch myself piston in and out of her clearly but I could also finger her juicy clit just above where I was penetrating her. Almost immediately her moans rose in pitch as she clutched at Teresa's hand now.
'Oh, fuck! Yes, yes, yes.'
I kept my thumb rubbing on her clit, while my other hand went to her tits, spreading across both breasts, then pinching first one nipple then the other. Not hard, but hard enough to add further stimulation to Cynthia's responsive body.
I saw now that Chris had moved Teresa into the same position, as he fucked up into her from a kneeling position, and was using both his hands on her, one finger was rubbing at her clit whilst the other he slid into her pussy alongside his cock, effectively adding extra width to what was already a thick cock.
Thea surprised me then by what she said, panting up at me.
'Go on Mark, you suck on your daughter's big tits now. Fucking suck them.'
It wasn't like Cynthia to swear even when when she came so I knew how turned on she was.
So I leant diagonally across my secretary and bent my head down to Teresa's chest. Chris could see what was happening and slowed his pace to make it easier for me to latch on to one of Teresa's big stiff pink nipples and suck it hard into my mouth, even whilst I continued to screw Cynthia.
'Oh Daddy!' cried Teresa, 'You make my tits feel so good when you do that.'
'I know, baby, ' I said, one hand braced on the bed, and moving to the other breast, I gave the other nipple the same treatment.
Then Cynthia piped up again.
'Kiss your daughter, Mark. Kiss her like you fucking mean it. Show her how much her Daddy loves her. Oh, fuck.'
Apparently the changed angle of my penetration into Cynthia and her dirty mouth was really doing it for both of us. I gave Teresa a kiss on the lips, but she pulled my head in, and mashed her lips to mine, pushing her tongue into my mouth as I returned the kiss hard, now sucking breathlessly on her tongue.
What came next was probably inevitable.
'Mark,' panted Cynthia, 'Give your daughter what she really wants. Give her your big daddy cock now. Fuck her pussy with your big daddy dick, fucking go on.'
Chris smiled at me, the smile of a man who was married to a total MILF who worked for a man with a passionate and gorgeously curvy free use daughter.
So he withdrew gently from Teresa and I did the same with Cynthia and we swapped over, walking on our knees on the bed, me getting on top of my eldest daughter, him getting on top of his wife.
Teresa welcomed me into her arms and her wet pussy as I slid into her easily.
'Oh, Daddy. I do love your big cock. I've missed having it in my pussy Daddy.'
'I've missed it too, baby,' I said, stroking into her familiar wet depths and groaning. 'And you know how much I love these,' I said, holding as much of her tit flesh in both my hands as I could.
I'd noticed that I was longer and thicker than Chris, not that he was a small guy by any means. He'd certainly stirred her pussy up well, and I could thank him for how wet and ready my eldest daughter was for my larger erection as my balls slapped on her ass in a wet rhythm as I thrust repeatedly into her.
My wife Helen didn't like it so much when my cock hit her cervix, but I knew from free-using Teresa plenty of times when she turned 18, that with the right angle Teresa loved it. I added a rotation to my hips now and pinned Teresa down hard, her big tits smooshed between us, my cock bumping the bottom of her womb. I kept the contact gentle; I wasn't in to giving pain and Teresa wasn't in to receiving it.
But as her eyes fluttered I knew I had it just right. Now I pulled out, hovered at her entrance for a few seconds, then plunged deep in her.
'Oh, daddy, that feels so good.'
I repeated this hold-back and deep plunge several times, now sucking on the side of Teresa's neck. At each in-stroke, Teresa cried out, and once more she was approaching her orgasm. I don't think Chris had made her come yet, and I had a feeling this would be a big one for my daughter, as I stimulated her pussy and cervix, now moving from the hold-back and plunge to fast, deep strokes to take her over the edge.
'I'm coming Daddy, I'm coming, fuck I'm coming!'
'That's it baby, let it go, come for your Daddy, baby. Come all over my cock.'
I felt Teresa's cunt walls clench on me, and felt extra wetness and warmth down there, as she came hard, shuddering, shaking, and then slowing and stilling beneath me as her breathing settled. My heart was thumping in my chest and I had to think of a mid-financial year review of my company in order to not come myself, so turned on by Teresa's release and from taking my secretary for the first time just moments ago. There was no way I could've held on if I hadn't already come several times today.
I kissed Teresa tenderly, smoothing her strawberry blonde hair back from her damp forehead, my cock still buried in her.
'Thank you, Daddy. You made me come so hard.'
'I know, baby. I wanted to.'
'You know you never finished fucking my ass. Will you take me again later? It felt so good to have you stuffed up there.'
I kissed her nose. 'You know I will baby.'
Chris tapped me on the shoulder. 'Cynthia wants you, man. Give it to her hard, she likes it like that.'
I nodded and withdrew my cock, shiny with pussy juice, and shuffled back on the king size bed.
Chris happily took my place and Teresa held up her arms for him as he sank slowly back into her. Teresa was still tender from her orgasm and being stretched out by me, so he gently got back to screwing her. I knew that with the right stimulation, Teresa could be brought to another orgasm and that this one might be less intense, but no less satisfying to her.
I turned now to Cynthia, whose face and chest were flushed prettily, her legs open. Chris had given her a good going over by the look of it while I fucked Teresa, but now it was my turn. I was going to come hard in my secretary's pussy, and hopefully make her scream out my name when she came.
'I want you on top, Thea. For now, at least.'
'Yes, sir!', she said, saluting me cheekily, a little out of breath still.
I laughed and she moved so I could lay back, my cock pointing straight up. I watched her face as she got into position above me, smiling. My eyes tracked the motion of her breasts with their little hard nipples as they swung in front of me and that pretty necklace glinted at me.
As she straddled me, I got a hold of those smoothly curved hips, and as she poised above me, she squeezed my rigid length in her hand, rubbing it up and down her wet slit, across her small bush, across her clit, before notching it at the entrance to her pussy.
Then she caught and locked my gaze with hers as she sank onto my rock hard shaft, taking me all the way to my balls and sitting in my lap in one smooth, wet motion, her hands now braced on my chest. She gasped as she settled on to me.
'Fuck, Mark. Why did we wait so long for me to sit on this thing?'
She had taken my whole length in her, and the head of my cock felt tightly enveloped by her pussy walls, wet and tight contact all up and down my length making my balls tingle. Although I had already stretched her pussy when I fucked her on her back, in this position and angle she really had my whole length and width properly inside her.
Instead of answering, my hands skated down her spread thighs, then behind to grope at her tight ass, kept taut I knew by her gym workouts in our work basement gym room. Of course there had been a few times I had watched her ass in yoga pants as she worked out, so I wasn't too surprised at its firmness. Still it felt good to get a proper hold of her there.
'Better late than never,' I said as I kept one hand on her ass, and moved the other round to her soft but toned stomach, then moved upwards till it was cupping her firm breast with its little erect button nipple.
She hadn't moved yet, but now she raised up a little on my stiff pole, then sat down again, spreading fresh wetness along my shaft.
'God that feels good,' Cynthia breathed, doing it again, this time rising a little higher before sitting down again.
I wanted to suck on her tits as she rode me, so I pulled her gently forward. At the same time she started to bounce on me, controlling the speed and depth of my penetration. My hands spread her ass cheeks apart and my mouth closed around her breast, sucking the nipple hard, hanging on to it with my mouth as she moved up and down on me.
Down where I was grabbing her ass, I played with her wet pussy lips around my cock with my fingers where she was sliding herself up and down.
Now she increased the pace and our bodies slapped together. I switched to her other tit, this time pulling at the nipple gently with my teeth.
I pulled her down now so that I could kiss her, running my hands down her warm and smooth back, her breasts rubbing on my chest. I began to meet her downward thrusts by fucking my cock up into her whilst our tongues entwined, our mouths connected hotly, a low moan coming from the back of her throat.
I felt a big dip on the bed next to us, and breaking my passionate kiss with Thea, looked across to see that Teresa was now riding Chris, his face happily buried between her big beautiful tits as she rocked over him.
As my daughter rode Cynthia's husband, and Cynthia rode me, the sounds of sex filled the air, groaning, gasping, moaning and panting.
Teresa sat up now and so did Cynthia, matching positions, their hands braced on the chests of the men underneath them, as two very wet pussies went up and down on two very hard cocks.
Whilst my hands went to my secretary's medium sized tits, holding them, cupping them, caressing them whilst they bounced in my hands, Chris's hands were overfilled with Teresa's big breasts as he squeezed them up and together.
I saw now that Teresa and Cynthia were gripping hands again across the bed, stealing knowing glances at each other as they rode our cocks, now to the same rhythm, the clapping and slapping together of our four bodies in sync.
My hands went to Thea's now cutely tousled hair, then down her shoulders and back to grab that ass again, pushing her down on my rigid cock as I briefly took control of that pussy. She was so wet I could easily increase the pace and I felt fresh pussy juice on my balls as I added a rotation to my hips as my secretary in turn ground down on me, which would help in stimulating her clit at the same time.
A light sheen of sweat covered mine and Cynthia's bodies as we worked together to get each other off, and that pretty blush spread from her face to her neck, which I knew meant she was close to coming. Her head tipped back, and that diamond necklace caught my eye around her slender neck. I was grunting now as I fucked up hard into her pussy, my hands on her ass, her rising moans and downward thrusts an answer to my efforts, her hands on my chest to steady her.
I heard Teresa cry out and turned to watch as she shuddered and stilled above Chris, her orgasm finally taking her, Chris pulling her forward in to of him as she came hard. Judging by the way Chris had stilled and was grunting he was coming in my daughters pussy in unison.
This seemed to spur Thea on, and as I groped and spread her ass cheeks, I used my fingers to spread wetness from her pussy to between her ass cheeks, and with a wet index finger found her asshole by touch, and pressed that slick digit around her hole, moistening it and circling it.
Teresa gasped at that. I had never played with her ass before and certainly never fucked it.
We both slowed right down now, and with exquisite control, Thea raised herself up so I was almost out of her, and keeping only my cockhead inside her, leaned down and kissed me gently before moving to my neck and then to my ear.
'Hey,' she whispered and it was such an intimate breath in my ear my balls tightened. I kept circling her ass hole with my wet finger.
''Hey,' was all I could say in return, suspended between not coming and coming.
'You going to come for me, baby?' she whispered again, squeezing the heat of my cock with her cunt walls.
'Oh, fuck Thea.'
There was a delicious feeling gathering at the head of my cock, through my shaft and balls and seemingly in a hot path all the way to my ear where my secretary whispered again, moving up and down so slightly she was only on my mushroom head. I was panting now.
'You going to come in my pussy, baby?'
My answer was to push the tip of my finger into her asshole gently, up to the first knuckle.
'Mhhmmn. That feels good, baby.'
As Cynthia used her pussy to massage only the head of my cock with those small up and down movements, I pushed the rest of my finger into her ass.
'That's it, baby. Finger my asshole and come in my pussy, baby. Come in my pussy baby, come for me, come in my pussy baby.'
Her whispered words in my ear had me hypnotised till the only things in the world were me and her.
As I gently moved my finger in and out of her asshole, I could feel the slowest ever build of pre orgasm tingling, almost a slow motion of squeezing that began somewhere inside me. She kept whispering in my ear which spread warmth up and down my body.
'That's it baby, come in my pussy, come in my cunt, come in my pussy baby, come in my cunt. Come on, come here. That's it now, baby. Come in my pussy.'
Now Cynthia sat down hard on my cock and the slow motion swell of my orgasm rose rapidly to meet the sweet and gripping hot wet walls of her pussy as my whole body seemed to clench and release, clench and release.
The clench then focused to my balls before rushing up my shaft to explode out of my tip, rushing, tingling, pulsing, throbbing and spurting as I finally came inside her, filling her up with my release. She buried her head in the side of my neck and called out my name, shuddering and contracting around my shaft as I kept coming, her milking me, and shaking and trembling as she came hard on my cock.
'Thea, oh fuck, Thea.'
I continued to throb inside her for long moments. It was one of the longest and most intense orgasms I had ever had, my balls bathed in her own warm and wet release, mixed with my cum as it overfilled her pussy.
I hugged her tightly to me, both of our breathing finally slowing, a wave of love and connection between us that had finally found a home between her open thighs.
***
The afternoon was giving way to early evening now as I wrapped a towel around myself after a quick shower and headed downstairs. Cynthia and I had snoozed in each others arms for a while but I had woken up alone.
My cock had that pleasantly used feeling again but I knew the day was not over by a long shot. Of the nine pussies in the house, I had prioritised fucking new pussy, which for me had meant focusing on Cynthia, Mitsuki, Aleesha, Jane and Patty.
It was a crude way to think about it, but three down and two to go crossed my mind.
Since the photos of Jane and, as it turned out, Patty had arrived on my phone, their ginger mother and daughter pussies were never far from my mind. Earlier this afternoon, Jane had been unsubtle in coming on to me and in the kitchen Patty and I had had a moment. Patty's worries about Jane came back to me. Had Jane's Academy slut training coupled with her Dad's sex-only focus left Jane starved of real affection? Her mum thought so, but then she could have been projecting - I'd gotten the impression Jeff hadn't satisfied his wife lately.
Last I saw, 18 year old Jane had been riding her Dad's cock whilst my youngest Amy had been devouring Jane's mums pussy right next to them.
Things had changed.
Now in the lounge, I found Jeff fucking my wife Helen from behind on the sofa while my youngest Amy lay on the sofa with her legs open, Helen's face buried in Amy's pussy as she ate her daughter out.
Helen's black lace panties were around her knees, but her black bra was still on, and Jeff had her on all fours, holding firmly on to my wife's hips, those familiar tits bouncing back and forward in their sheet lacy cups.
I went over to their threesome and stroked my wife's hair, then unclasped her bra from her back.
'Thanks, baby. Where you been?' said Helen between groans.
'I finally fucked Cynthia.'
'You mean your work wife?' she laughed. 'What did Chris have to say about that?'
'Not much. He had his hands full with Teresa for the most part.'
Helen laughed again, now starting to push back on Jeff's thrusts. I knew Jeff had been desperate to get his cock into my wife for weeks now, and she was happy to oblige. Helen also knew I had a thing for redheads, so now that Jeff had my wife and daughter to entertain him, it was only a fair swap that I took his wife and daughter in return.
I knelt and kissed Helen for a while, tonguing her mouth while Jeff took her pussy
'Go on then, get your redhead fix, I still want your cock later so keep some cum for me honey,' my gorgeous wife said. I nodded at Jeff who nodded back, and Helen got back to eating her daughter's shaved pussy while Jeff pounded her.
I went in search of a slice of ginger heaven.
***
The garden deck and swimming pool lights were on now as the light was fading. It was still warm out here though as the heat of the day was still in the air. Plus the discreet auto heaters were probably doing their thing.
My son Grant was in the jacuzzi with my sister in law Aleesha and niece Amber on either side of him, both topless and possibly naked. They were sipping drinks and occasionally took turns kissing each other. Chances were that he was getting wanked off under the water and judging by the look on his face he was very happy about that. Although if I knew Great he'd be planning to get his dick into both of their hot black pussies as soon as he could.
I smirked at him as I walked past, not exactly jealous, but now as he bent to suck on one of his aunt Aleesha's big black nipples. I felt a pang of longing. Now that I'd had Aleesha I felt a bit possessive of her, but Grant was family and I knew in his position I'd do the same.
In fact, I had lost my virginity to my own Aunt Jackie, a stacked redhead who had seduced me easily at my 18th birthday party. She had got me to finger her bare pussy under her green party dress in the kitchen, then taken me upstairs to my room. We had spent most of that night screwing, until my own mum, a brunette MILF if ever there was one, joined us and the two sisters alternated sucking my rock hard teenage cock. Then I took turns fucking both of their hot wet slippery mature cunts hard enough to almost break the bed.
Teresa and Chris were nowhere to be seen and Missy was probably still sleeping off the jetlag and my hard fucking upstairs, but I found the 18 year old Jane in her tiny green bikini with a shawl round her shoulders, sitting at a small round table, a drink in her hand, her long ginger hair a little damp, loose and falling in pretty waves. She had obviously been in the pool a bit. She was watching her mum who was doing laps in the heated pool in her white bikini.
'Hi Jane,' I said, 'Mind if I sit?'
'Of course not, Mr C, it's your house.'
I sat and searched her pretty face. 'Can I talk to you about something?'
She eyed me coolly. 'I'd rather we just fucked.'
'I do want to make love to you, Jane. You're a beautiful young woman, and it's natural that I would want to. But there's something on my mind.'
'Make love to me? What is this, the eighteenth century? You want to fuck my tight teenage cunt is what I think you meant to say. I'm an Academy trained slut after all.'
She smiled, but it did not reach her eyes.
Nevertheless my cock responded to her words immediately but I ignored it for now.
'Jane, how are you getting on at home since you graduated?'
'Just fine, thanks. Dad spends a lot of time fucking his slut of a daughter and Mum watches. So it's all good.'
'You took the same additional classes as Amy right? Slut play, innocence and advanced orgasm?'
'Yep. But Daddy hasn't wanted me to play the innocent. He likes having a slut around the house who he can fuck when he wants to, and ignore when he prefers.'
There was a bitterness to her voice, and I knew then that Patty was right. Although Jeff wasn't in the wrong to fuck his daughter - in fact, it was expected of him, Slut play was just that. It was play. The fact that Jeff hadn't let her try out other aspects of her training was telling. And daughters needed more than their Daddy's cock stuffed up them - they needed their love. It was the Family Love legislation after all that had brought about these changes to our culture, not the Family Sex legislation.
'Jane, the fact that you are trained in slut-play doesn't make you a slut. It's just an aspect of what you can provide sexually and it should be enjoyable for you too. You are a woman with her own desires and needs. It'll probably just take a while for you to work them out, that's all.'
I reached for her hand but she pulled back and scoffed. 'What I understand is that since I've turned 18 my dad thinks I'm a walking pussy with no thoughts or feelings.'
'Have you talked to him about that?'
'Kind of difficult when he's got his cock down my throat.'
We both laughed a little at that, which diffused some of the tension.
'Can I ask you a question?'
This time when I reached for her hand, she didn't push me away. Her delicate pale hand was another attractive part of her, warm and soft and small in my own.
'I suppose.'
'Has your dad kissed you lately?'
A cloud crossed her face. 'Not on the lips no, and I kind of thought he would once I turned 18. Before then of course I had hugs, got goodnight kisses on the forehead, that kind of thing. That's all stopped. He's not much of a one for showing affection these days.'
Now we were getting somewhere.
'And what about your mum?' I asked and we both looked at Patty, who had now swam to the side and was treading water, watching us but probably too far away to hear clearly.
'They barely speak or fuck any more. It's weird...so do you kiss Amy and Teresa then?'
'All the time - and yes on the lips. I love kissing them both, just like I love kissing their mum. It's one of the ways we show love to each other, and not just during sex.'
'Tongues?'
'Yes, but not always. It depends. Point is that it's normal for Dads and daughters to be affectionate towards each other, to kiss, to cuddle and yes to have sex. But in the family, sex and love go together, they are not separate.'
Inevitably, I was now looking at Jane's soft lips which had a slight and very cute pout to them. It was unbelievable to me that Jeff hadn't kissed her. I would have a word with him. Kick his ass even. He should have been worshipping his daughter and telling her every day how beautiful she was. But first I wanted to show Jane now she was 18, what a good kiss could do for her, even if it had to come from me.
She looked nervously at me and downed her drink.
'Are you going to kiss me now?' she said.
'I'd like to. You are so pretty, Jane. Did anyone ever tell you that?'
She snorted. 'If by pretty, you mean I've got a nice rack and a tight pussy, then sure Dad tells me that all the time.'
'You know that's not what I mean. Any guy would be lucky to have you by his side. You have gorgeous ginger hair, I love your freckles, you have a cute nose, sweet lips, and sure you have a knockout body. And you have the most amazing green eyes. But you are also smart, I like your dark sense of humour, and you've been a good friend to Amy. As far as I'm concerned you're a part of this family too.'
She parted her lips on a sigh and I leaned in, touching my lips gently to hers then sitting back. Her lips were warm, soft and pliable. Those freckles up close were super cute, dusted across her cheeks and nose. Her eyebrows matched the colour of her hair.
'That was nice, actually.' She looked surprised.
'More?'
She nodded shyly.
This time I put one hand gently on her warm cheek and kissed her for longer, sliding my lips on hers, but not trying to get in to her mouth. She kissed me back a little before pulling back.
'Mmmm. I see what you mean,' she said, looking at me with softness in her eyes now.
I smiled, enchanted that she could be so sweet underneath all the bluster and hard words. She was a beautiful young woman in her prime. Jeff was an idiot.
'Can I kiss you again?' I asked gently.
Nodding, she leaned into me and her arms went around my neck and we kissed again. It was her that first opened my lips with hers, and then I had her tentative tongue in my mouth. Responding, I cupped her face in my hands and deepened the kiss, my tongue seeking hers, and sweeping inside her mouth. I tasted vodka and something like lip balm. My hands went into her gorgeous hair, feeling the coppery weight of it running through my fingers. I broke the kiss somewhat reluctantly and leaned back.
'You're a good kisser, Mr. C.'
I smiled. 'I aim to please.'
'Wanna go again?'
My hard-on was straining in my pants. Of course I did.
'I do. This time, I want to touch your breasts at the same time. Is that alright?'
I had decided that rather than go innocent or slut-play, I would go straight down the middle, using language that neither objectified nor pretended innocence. Perhaps I was kind of deprogramming her a bit. I knew how intense the Academy could be, and for some students it could take them a while before they could feel comfortable in separating role-play from the real world after graduation.
She nodded, and as she kissed me with enthusiasm, I took off her shawl, exposing a lot of pale creamy skin and another spread of freckles across her slender shoulders.
My hands went to her bikini top and I cupped her right breast gently through the thin stretchy green material, caressing it gently, holding the soft warm weight in my palm, feeling the now hardened tip, watching as it pressed through the material. She panted slightly into my mouth and I switched to the other one, circling the nipple with a finger till it was also stiff against the material. She had gotten used to tongue-kissing quickly, and I gave it all I could, genuinely lost in the feel of her mouth and tongue. My cock was throbbing now and I pulled back, watching her carefully.
Her eyes dropped to my towel, and the obvious shape of my hard on.
'Would you like to see how hard my penis is for you? I got an erection when I was kissing you.'
She smiled and nodded. I slipped my towel off and she took a good look at my length which bobbed to her attention under my gaze.
She laughed a little. 'Your coc- I mean your penis is bigger than my Dad's. Especially the tip.'
'My glans. Yes, I know it does look big. But it's kind of soft as well. Do you want to feel it?'
'Sure. Dad just wants to put his in me, I've never really had the chance to just feel a man's penis for fun I guess.'
I moved a little closer to her and one small pale hand gripped my shaft round the middle, the other hand on my mushroom head, fingers gently feeling around it.
I groaned. Her touch was gentle but firm. She played with my cock for a bit, and the way she bit her lip as she did so was both cute and electrically hot.
She giggled and rubbed her thighs together a little. My eyes were drawn to the small triangle of green material between her legs.
'Jane, is your vagina feeling warm and lubricated now?'
'Yes,' she whispered, 'I keep thinking about how your penis would feel inside it.'
'I'm thinking the same thing. Would you take off your bikini pants and show me your vagina? I'd really like to see.'
She let go of my cock, and rose up a little, before quickly slipping her bikini pants down and off past her ankles. She held them out to me.
'Do you want these?' she said.
'Very much.'
The warmth of those tiny green bikini pants felt good in my hands. They were a little damp, probably from both the swimming pool and her own wetness where moments ago the thin material had been stretched across her teenage pussy. Bringing them to my face brought the scent of chlorine and her arousal to my senses. I set them down on my towel for now.
'Would you open your legs for me, Jane?'
She did, sitting back and hooking her bare legs over the arms of the chair, spreading herself for me.
My eyes went straight between her thighs to one of the prettiest little pussies I had ever seen. Her mound was smooth and a little pinker than the rest of her, and above her slit was a tidy strip of ginger hair. Her lips were small and symmetrical, and I could see she was a little wet.
Earlier I had seen her Dad's cock buried in her from across the lounge, but up close like this was something else. She had also sent me photos but they didn't do her justice really. She had a mouth watering juicy little pussy and I wanted to eat her up.
'Your vagina is perfect. Just like the rest of you,' I said.
I got on my knees and moved between her slender legs. I began by gently kissing her inner thighs, first one side and then the other. In my experience, there is nothing softer than the skin of a teenage girls inner thighs. I couldn't help but suck gently here and there. Despite Jane's slender figure, her thighs were generously proportioned. If that pussy hadn't been begging to be eaten I could've spent a long time just exploring the firm and soft 18 year olds legs.
Using my thumbs, I gently opened up her pussy lips and was rewarded with a little gasp.
I looked up at my daughter Amy's best friend and she smiled.
'I'd like to lick and kiss your vagina. Is that alright?'
She nodded, shyly, and I wondered if I was going to be the first person to taste this young woman's pussy.
I started tonguing her open wet slit from the bottom to the top, spending some time in that little ginger patch, enjoying the feel on my tongue. Jane started to make these cute little whimpers and one of her hands went to the back of my head.
Her little button clit was swelling a little so I kissed it over and over, then licked at it slowly.
At first there had only been the faint scent of chlorine from the pool but as I made love to her pussy with my mouth, her juices started to flow more. She tasted sweet and sharp, fresh and light, maybe the best tasting pussy I'd ever had. Peaches came to mind.
My cock throbbed, flexing and stretching as I continued to eat her out and listen to her rising moans. I blew across her clit and she gasped again.
'You okay, baby? Can I call you baby?'
'Yes and yes,' came her breathy reply, 'God that feels good.'
'I want you to have an orgasm, baby. Will you let me help you?'
'God, yes.'
I smiled into her pussy and then started to gently suck at her clit, now opening her pussy lips wider so that between breaks sucking her clit I could get my tongue up as far as possible into her juicy wet core. She was slippery now and her taste filled my mouth. I went up to that cute little ginger strip again and ran my tongue through it. She was surprisingly sensitive there, gasping as I did so, so I sucked her there too.
I lifted her legs up on to my shoulders and got my hands under her round but taut ass, all the better to devour her teenage pussy. I dived in and got back to work.
'Oh god, oh god, oh my god, don't stop!'
No chance of that. This pussy was mine, at least for a short while.
'I'm going to put my fingers in your vagina now, baby.'
'Uh-huh, Uh-huh, yes, yes!'
Palm up, I slid two fingers into her soaking wet pussy and hooked them gently upwards, stroking the upper inner wall of her perfect 18 year old cunt, quickly following up by tonguing her swollen clit. With my fingers and tongue together, I didn't think she would last much longer. I had to hold on to my own come, listening to Jane's panting rise to what I hoped was a strong orgasm for her was making my own shaft bob and flex all by itself.
I heard an exaggerated cough to my left and it was Patty, Jane's mum who had swam right up to us, hands on the pool edge, watching us with bright eyes. Her hard nipples showed clearly through her white bikini. Her red hair, darker and shorter than her daughter's, but long enough to touch her shoulders, was slicked back.
'You having a good time, eating my daughter out?'
I decided honesty was the best policy.
'Yes. And I'm going to do the same to you too, Patty.'
My own daughter had had a taste of Patty earlier. I was curious to know how similar mother and daughter's pussies were.
She smirked and I got back to fingering, licking and sucking her daughter. I could tell Jane was close to coming, her thighs were starting to shake and the moans and groans were reaching a peak.
Surprisingly, encouragement came from Patty.
'Come on Jane, let go, you come all over his face now.'
Jane's head whipped around to her mum.
'Oh god, mummy. I didn't know it could feel this good. Daddy never -'
I cut her off when I added a third finger into that cute pussy and went in and out at greater pace and depth, really juicing her with my fingers. Now I tapped my tongue on her clit, blew on it, then for a few moments left it alone, which I knew would be a delicious torture for Jane.
I kissed her clit every few seconds as if I were gently kissing her mouth, holding her on the edge of orgasm while her fingers tightened in my hair and mine tightened on her firm ass cheeks. She was panting hard now and murmuring under her breath.
Then I gave her what she needed but couldn't ask for and sucked firmly on her swollen clit without letting up, and with curled fingers inside her wet channel pressured her G spot.
'Oh fuck I'm coming, oh fuck, fuck, here I fucking come! Uh, uh, uh, yes yes yes!
Her gorgeous thighs shook and then clamped on me as she came hard on my face, bathing me in her sweet teenage girl cum. My hands reached up to hold her bikini clad tits as they shook with the force of her orgasm.
After her breathing had slowed and her thighs relaxed open again, I lapped gently at her middle, leaving her sensitive clit be for now. Her whole pussy mound was pink and puffy. I moved to kiss the beautifully warm skin of her damp thighs for a few moments before sitting back on my heels, my hard on throbbing between my legs.
'Jesus Mark, you better give me the same treatment,' said Patty, still treading water.
Jane chuckled at that.
'Oh I will,' I said, wiping my mouth and fisting my cock. 'But first I want to show you two ladies something.'
***
Something turned out to be the huge round bathtub Helen and I had installed specially for family gatherings next to our master bedroom. It was more like a mini swimming pool honestly, with a big surround and three steps up to it. It had cost a fortune but was well worth it for this occasion.
I was filling it now with water and bubbles while Jane and Patty got naked, which didn't take long. Jane only had to get that sweet little green bikini top off and I was distracted by her firm, ripe teenage tits, the nipples strawberry coloured. With an effort I turned my head and took a long look at Patty when she stripped out of her white bikini.
Patty like her daughter was a gorgeous redhead, curvier in all the right places, with bigger tits, a rounder ass and thicker thighs. Together as mother and daughter they made a luscious pair. Patty had a bigger pussy mound and her ginger patch was a fuller, broader but still trimmed triangle compared to her daughter's landing strip.
I had grabbed strawberries, cream, champagne and glasses from the kitchen on the way up. That had been an adventure in itself. Actually just getting in from the pool and passing the jacuzzi had been an eye opener. My son Grant had been sat on the edge of the jacuzzi, getting a blowjob from my niece Amber while she sat in the bubbly water; her mum, my sister-in-law Aleesha, was on her knees next to him on the side of the jacuzzi, feeding him her big black tits to suck on while he fingered her pussy, squeezing and holding her tits up together so he could go from one long stiff jet black nipple to the other easily. Grant gave me one of those man-to-man chin lifts, watching as I passed him with mother and daughter red-heads in tow, my hard-on bouncing ahead of me.
In the kitchen, my big-titted elder daughter Teresa was on her knees in front of the bar while Jeff used her mouth, throat fucking her. As I watched, he withdrew from her mouth, and held his cock up and away with one hand so she could get easy access to his balls. Jeff pushed her head into his groin, making her focus on his balls, which she was now licking and sucking at. He was red-faced and groaning, eyes closed, his hands on her head, his cock now on top of her head. Teresa loved being used like this and Jeff liked using, so they were a good match. Jeff didn't even notice that I had his daughter and wife with me while I went to the fridge to get what I wanted.
In the living room, we passed my wife Helen and my youngest Amy, sat next to each other naked on the sofa, legs hooked over each other, and playing lazily with each other's pussies with one hand as they sipped their drinks with the other.
'Hi honey,' Helen said brightly, taking the sight of me, Patty and Jane in. 'You going to give these two what they came for?'
I laughed at that. 'That's the plan, dear.'
Amy piped up now. 'You gonna take a ride on my Dad's big cock, Jane?'
Now Jane laughed. 'That's the plan, dear,' she said, echoing me.
'Dad, whilst you're giving it hard to my bff, don't forget Patty. I ate her juicy ginger pussy earlier, but I'm sure she'd like it if you gave her a good hard fucking too.'
'Oh, you don't need to worry about that,' I said. 'You're free to join us if you want.'
'I might take you up on that, Daddy. Just need to rehydrate first,' she said, raising her drink to us, and her mum started to circle her clit with a practised finger.
So off we had gone upstairs, me holding Jane's hand, Patty holding hers, us holding the food and drink between us.
***
I sat on the edge of the bath and watched as these two naked ginger beauties got into the deeply filled mega bath. I enjoyed the rear view particularly as they both stepped in, unable to decide which ass I wanted more.
Strawberries, cream, champagne and glasses were on the wide flat surface that ran around the whole bath. I had poured a drink for each of us already. I had all sorts of ideas about what I wanted to do with that and these two women. Jane went to one end and Patty the other, the bath long enough that only their feet touched when they stretched out towards each other.
I sat right in the middle between them facing the teen who I had just brought to orgasm by the pool.
The bath water was just right, and it felt good on my body, easing some of my aches and feeling good on my cock and balls. It had been a busy day so far to say the least.
Jane put her little feet up on my chest, her pretty red painted toes in front of me. I picked up her foot and started sucking on one of those toes and she giggled. Her nipples were just barely covered by bubbles and I had a strong urge to suck on them. All in good time, I thought.
Then I heard the swish of water behind me and felt Patty's firm, soft breasts on my back, slippery with bubbles. Her arms came around me, one hand stroking my chest whilst the other went lower and found my cock, wanking my stiff length gently underwater.
'That feels good, Patty.'
'Feels good to me too, Mark. You know I've wanted to get my hands on your big cock for a while, right?'
'And I've wanted you to, Patty.'
I ran my hand up and down Jane's smooth calf, sucking her pretty toes harder, and leant back on to Patty whose legs came around me now. She pulled me back to her end of the bath, one hand still sliding up and down my hard soapy cock.
I had to let go of Jane's leg, but she quickly moved towards me, sat with her legs resting on my knees, and those perfect teenage tits were within reach. Patty was kissing the side of my neck now, her head on my shoulder, her hard nipples on my back as Jane moved between my legs and took a mouthful of the champagne from the glass nearest to her. Then she pressed her lips to mine and we kissed, the champagne filling both of our mouths as her mum wanked my cock gently but firmly.
Jane broke our kiss and let some of the champagne out of her mouth to run down her breasts, taking the soap bubbles with it, clearing a path. My tongue followed and I licked at one of her rose red nipples before sucking on it.
I took a sip of champagne myself and then took her other breast into my mouth, feeling the champagne fizz around my tongue and her stiffening nipple. In that moment, with one ginger beauty giving me a reach around and another letting me suck champagne of her firm teenage tits, I felt pretty good about myself.
Jane giggled and dipped her finger in the champagne glass, running her wet finger around one of my own nipples before bending to lick at it. I didn't usually like my own nipples being played with, but when a gorgeous 18 year old redhead does it, all you can do is count your blessings.
Patty had both her hands on my cock now, one sliding and twisting over my slippery shaft, the other massaging my balls.
About half the length of my cock was above the surface of the water now as Patty sat up more against the back of the bath, raising me up a little. Jane was looking at my big mushroom head with interest.
'You want to suck daddy's penis, baby girl?'
'Yes, Daddy,' she said, falling into role easily, her Innocence Academy training being put to full use. 'I'm not sure I'll be able to get it all in my little mouth though. It's so big and hard Daddy.'
My erection throbbed in anticipation of those little pouty lips being wrapped around my swollen head.
Patty spoke then. 'Just do your best, honey. Daddy will love it either way, won't you baby?'
My reply was to scoop Jane's beautiful red hair up in my hands and hold it back for her, raising my hips now so that most of my cock was above water.
Jane's eyes flashed with heat and then she lowered her head on to my waiting hard on, looking up at me, those pretty freckles and big green eyes hypnotizing me a little.
When her lips finally wrapped around the head of my cock, I groaned. Patty squeezed my balls a little and as Jane started to suck on me, Patty let go, and moved around so she was side on to me and her daughter.
Patty pulled Jane's hair back into a ponytail, tying those red locks out of the way with a band from her wrist so Jane could concentrate on my cock. It also freed up my hands which for a moment I ran up and down Jane's smooth back whilst she ran her warm tongue around the head of my cock.
'Am I doing it right, Daddy?' Jane asked in her best little girl voice, for a moment letting my penis out of her mouth and looking up at me.
'Yes, baby. Daddy loves what you're doing to him.'
'Thank you, Daddy,' she said and then took my whole length into her warm, wet mouth, sucking gently, before starting to bob up and down on me.
'That feels so good, baby.'
'Mmmmhmhmm.'
Patty put one hand on the base of my cock, then curled her other hand round the back of my neck, drawing me in for a kiss which I returned, her lips warm and firm on my own, our mouths open to each other's tongues as we deepened the kiss. I reached for Patty's tits and cupped their soft weight in my hands, running my fingers over her taut nipples, the same strawberry colour as her daughter's, though larger, as were her breasts.
As Patty wanked me into her daughter's sweet mouth, my hands went into Patty's darker red hair now and I kissed down the side of her neck. The freckles across her shoulders were so pretty and I kissed her delicate collarbones, before bending my head to suck hard on a stiff nipple. She gasped.
'You like me sucking your tits, Patty?'
'God yes.'
'You want me to eat your pussy?' I asked, switching to her other nipple as she squeezed her tits together.
Instead of answering, she stood, water running down her curvy mummy body, leaving one foot in the water, the other she braced up on the other side of the bath, so she was standing over me and her daughter.
That position opened Patty's pussy up nicely for me. Whilst I took a good look at her juicy soapy cunt above me, I could feel my cock at the back of Jane's throat, her tongue fluttering around the sensitive swollen head.
I curled one hand round Patty's hips to grab her plump ass whilst I used the other hand to stroke the folds of her pussy for a few moments. I picked up the nearest glass of champagne and poured a little onto Patty's neatly trimmed ginger bush, following it quickly with my tongue as the fizzy liquid ran over her pussy, clearing the soap bubbles away as I lapped at her.
I got up on my knees in the bath to make it easier for Jane to give me head and reach Patty's wet centre. I got a little whipped cream on my fingers from the bath side bowl and rubbed it gently over and in her pussy, following it with my mouth as I licked the cream out of her, tasting champagne, sweet cream and now Patty's own tart juices as they started to flow.
I started to fuck gently into Jane's mouth as she got used to the new angle and sucked harder on my shaft.
'Oh baby, you really know how to make Daddy feel good.'
'Mmmmhmmm,' was all Jane could say as she worked, my long thick cock going in and out of her mouth, her stretched lips wrapped tightly around my erection.
Patty was making a low moaning noise as I ate her pretty pink pussy, that little patch of ginger fuller and a little darker than her daughter's landing strip. I was really tonguing her, getting right up inside her as Patty used one hand to open her lips and the other on the back of my head to hold me. Patty's pussy lips were more pronounced than her daughters, and though both cunts tasted similar, Patty had a stronger flavour.
'Fuck that feels good, Mark! You're going to make me come if you carry on like that.'
I smiled into her pussy, then got back to work, running my tongue over her juicy clit. I figured since Jeff hadn't fucked Patty for a while or even probably gone down on her, she was in need of release. His loss was my gain as his wife and daughter got what they wanted from me. But I wanted to fuck Patty to orgasm rather than lick her into one.
I didn't know which pussy I wanted to stretch out with my cock first. Jane solved the dilemma by letting me out of her mouth and standing up, moving behind me. I stood too now and got sandwiched between Patty in front and Jane behind, both of them hugging me, loving the feel of Patty's hard nipples and soft breasts on my chest as my erection was angled up on to her stomach.
I could reach Jane's pert little ass with one hand behind me and groped at it as my mouth found Patty's again and we tongue kissed, my other hand going between her spread thighs where I fingered her slippery open cunt. Jane reached around and started wanking my cock onto her mum's soft tummy.
'Daddy, are you going to put your big stiff penis into my mummy's vagina? Mummy kept telling me this morning that she wanted you to make love to her and that's what it means, have I got that right Daddy? She said it made her wet between her legs when she thought about it.'
I moaned into Patty's mouth, turned on by Jane's little girl voice.
'Yes, baby. Your mommy gets it first, then I'm going to put it in you baby. Oh fuck, I'm gonna put it inside you both.'
Now Patty stepped back a little and reached a hand down between our bodies, and now I had both mother and daughter's hands on my throbbing cock.
'You gonna fuck me with this big thing, Mark?'
'Fuck yes. Turn around Patty and put your hands on the wall. Jane, baby, you come here and help me get your mom ready to take Daddy's big penis.'
Ever prepared, I grabbed some silicone based water resistant lubricant off the bath side and handed it to Jane while Patty turned around and moved to the end of the bath, bending at the waist and bracing her hands on the wall. That ass was juicy and round, her pussy lips visible between her legs as she widened her stance, bubbles from the bath clinging to her calves.
Jane covered my cock in the lubricant, rubbing my balls for good measure. I knew from fucking Helen in the bath and in our swimming pool that water was very drying weirdly enough. The lubricant would make this much more comfortable.
'Now do your mom, baby.'
Jane didn't hesitate to go to her mum and liberally spread the lubricant between her legs, spreading her ass cheeks open and giving her pussy a good rub. Patty moaned at the attention.
Jane led me by my cock over to her Mum and I slapped my dick on her ass cheeks. Patty widened her stance a little, opening her juicy pink entrance for me. Jane lined up my cock with her mom's pussy, notched me in place, and in one smooth thrust, I penetrated her till I was balls deep in her hot wet channel. I held still for a moment, enjoying the feel of new pussy wrapped around my stiff pole. Patty gasped and then squeezed my cock with her pussy walls.
'Fuck, oh fuck, that's good, Patty.'
'You like that, baby?'
'You know I do.'
I smacked her heart shaped ass once, then began to stroke into her, slowly at first. I held on to her generous hips and watched as I went in and out of her. Jane was watching too and after a while she knelt in the bath and started tonguing along the length of my cock as it emerged on each backstroke.
'Do you like it when I do that Daddy?' she asked.
'Oh, baby I love it.'
I smacked Patty's ass again and her moans began to rise and I fucked that ginger pussy faster as she backed on to me, finding a rhythm that got me deep into her, stretching her out, my cock I knew bigger than her husband's.
Moving one hand now to Patty's back as she bent further, one of my hands went round to feel up her swinging tits, moving from one soft breast to the other, fingers finding her nipples and pulling gently as I fucked her.
Jane reached over to the bath side, scooped up some of the cream and spread it on my balls, the sensation cooling, then licked and sucked it off as I started to rail her mum. I watched that mommy ass bounce against me, then looked down and watched my daughter's best friend take one of my balls into her mouth. Now I got a hold of Patty's red hair and pulled gently, at the same time taking her pussy now with long, deep strokes as she raised up to more of a standing position.
That change in angle clearly worked for Patty as she moaned, and bending my knees I started to fuck more up into her, really getting my hips behind each thrust, now cupping her tits from behind as they bounced into my hands. Those pretty freckles dusted across Patty's shoulders were cute and I bent to kiss her neck, moving my hands into her hair now and holding it up for her. I started to suck on the side of her neck.
'Uh-uh-uh, fuck Mark, you're gonna make me come, uh-uh, uh, fuck me baby, fuck my pussy. I'm gonna come, fuck, fuck, FUCK!'
Jane stood and moved behind me, and I felt her delicious pert tits on my back as she wrapped one arm round my chest while the other went between my legs to gently squeeze my balls.
'You're going to make mummy have an orgasm, aren't you Daddy?' she whispered breathily into my ear
'Yes, baby, I think mommy's gonna come hard.'
'What about you, Daddy? Are you going to have an orgasm too?'
My only reply was to grunt each time mine and her mom's bodies slapped together.
I braced one leg up now on the side of the bath as I really owned Patty's juicy pussy now, thrusting as hard and fast as I could. My widened stance gave Jane better access to the base of my cock and balls and then I felt her tongue and mouth down there again, her fingers pressing the flesh under my balls, which made my cock seemed to flex of its own accord, my balls starting to fizz and a tightening tingling sensation starting at the base of my spine, moving quickly.
Patty seemed to feel that too, and her cries rose again.
'That's it, god that's it Mark, I'm coming, I'm coming, fuck baby I'm coming!'
Patty stilled now and her body began to shake, tits, thighs, pussy and ass all quivering. Jane gave an extra hard suck on my balls, which made me thrust hard enough into Patty to lift her off her feet a little, and then that tingling-squeezing-rushing feeling went from my fizzing balls to the tip of my cock and then I was pulsing, releasing, throbbing, coming hard and deep inside Patty's cunt, and we both cried out, her with the aftershocks of her own orgasm, and me as I finished spurting my load into her, both of us breathing hard with our mutual release. I held onto Patty's tits and stayed buried in her pussy as her vaginal walls clenched on me, milking the last of my seed into her.
***
I looked down my body, hands behind my head on the pillow and watched as mum and daughter passed my cock back and forward between them, their tongues bringing me back to a full erection.
After Patty and I had come together explosively in the bath helped along by Jane we had showered each other off thoroughly, wrapped ourselves in warm, dry towels and the three of us had tumbled into bed together next door.
I had fallen asleep for a while, sandwiched between these two naked ginger beauties, arms and legs tangled together comfortably.
When I woke up sometime later, night had fallen. More interestingly, mum and daughter had both found and put on beautiful silky lace lingerie sets with sheer stockings and suspender belts, the whole bit. Patty had probably found some of Helen's, Jane some of Amy's as their sizes were similar enough.
Patty looked incredible in black lacy bra and panties, and Jane had opted for a virginal white set. When they had come into the room, my jaw had dropped and they both giggled as they did a little spin for me, ending by turning away from me and bending over giving me an eyeful of their panty clad asses.
Now I watched as they placed soft kisses and licks up either side of my shaft. They really were both gorgeous women, ginger hair, freckles and pussies making them a dream come to life. They paused occasionally to feed each other strawberries, dripping strawberry juice onto my cock and licking and sucking that up as they tended to my cock.
I hadn't made the connection before but years ago I had lost my virginity to my redheaded Aunt Jacky and I had had a thing for redheads ever since. Helen had even gone ginger for me for a while and I hoped she would again at some point.
I didn't think I had much come left in me as Aleesha, Amber, Mitsuki and Cynthia had all drained my balls today, and that was before I'd come inside Patty. But no way was I going to miss out on Jane, who had the only new pussy in the house I hadn't fucked today.
And what a perfect little pussy my daughter's 18 year old best friend had. Her green eyes met mine as she sucked on the side of my shaft, and I beckoned her with a come to me finger. She moved quickly up the bed, climbing on top of me, leaving her mum to continue to suck me off. Her red hair fell in soft curtains around my face, and I pulled her in for a kiss, those pretty freckles and creamy skin filling my vision. We kissed gently at first then more hungrily.
My hands went down her smooth, slender back, finding the clasp of her bra.
'You're so beautiful, Jane,' I said with honesty, undoing her pretty white lacy bra and slipping it off her freckled shoulders, her pert creamy breasts with their strawberry coloured nipples squashed against my hard chest as I pulled her to me, my hands going down her back to find and squeeze her ass in those white silky sheer panties, my mouth finding hers again, the taste of strawberry juice still on her lips.
As we kissed, I could feel her mum wrap her lips round my stiff cock and take me all the way to the back of her throat.
Jane rose up my body, and sitting on my chest now, she lowered her firm young tits to my mouth, and I licked at a perfect nipple before sucking on it. Jane gave a cute little whimper, and I kissed the smooth skin between her breasts, before sucking her other tit into my mouth, this time teasing the hard peak gently with my teeth.
'You really think I'm beautiful Mark?' she asked breathily in my ear, dropping the innocent girl act from our bathroom play.
'Jane, you're gorgeous, you have to know that.'
Her smile lit up her whole face and she gave me a quick peck on the lips. 'Thank you.'
I groaned as Patty started swirling her tongue around the top of my cock. Jane giggled.
'My mom's a good cocksucker, huh?'
Now it was my turn to laugh. 'Get up here Jane, I want to eat your pussy.'
'Again? You liked it, huh?' she said, already moving, pulling her panties to one side, that cute little ginger landing strip filling my view, her sheer white stocking clad thighs around my head as she knelt gently on my face.
My hands went to the 18 year old's small firm ass cheeks as the scent of her filled my senses and then my mouth as I licked and sucked her gorgeous wet pussy, lapping at her opening, the fresh taste of peaches on my tongue.
When I started to work on her juicy clit she tangled her hands in my hair. I tightened my grip on her ass in response.
'Ooh, uh, ooooh, uh, fuck Mark, oh fuck yes, yes!'
Meanwhile, I could feel Patty holding my cock up and back with a firm grip so she could get to my balls more easily. I let my thighs fall open to give her better access as she slid her hot tongue around them, kissing them with her soft lips every now and again, moving her tongue around the base of my shaft. Then I felt her suck gently on my balls, taking them in turn into her mouth before returning to deep throat me over and over.
I moaned into Jane's juicy cunt, almost overwhelmed with pleasure, with mum expertly servicing my cock and daughter riding my face.
The desire to come deep and long in Jane's pussy was the only thing that could make me hold my need to ejaculate back for now.
'Jane, I think it's time we did this properly, don't you?
'You want to fuck this little pussy, Mark?'
'God yes.'
She laughed. 'I think that can be arranged.'
She scooted back down my body, her skimpy silk panties still pushed to one side, her pretty garter belt and stockings still in place. As she moved I felt her wet pussy on my chest and stomach.
Now Patty moved, coming up to my side, her full breasts nicely filling the sheer black bra she wore, her ginger hair mussed.
'Hey baby,' she said, throwing an arm across my chest and cuddling in to my side, kissing my cheek as she got comfortable.
'Hey Patty,' I smiled, running a hand down her smooth back, over the clasp of her bra, and settling on her silky black panty-clad ass.
We both watched as her topless teenage daughter straddled me, grabbed my cock and started to rub it around her hot, wet entrance, her head tipped back, firm tits heaving as she panted.
'Oh fuck,' I said, the head of my cock sensitive against Jane's slippery folds.
'I want to watch you fuck my daughter's pussy Mark. Am I a bad mother?'
I laughed, then slipped a hand inside the back of Patty's panties and squeezed her curvy ass, then moved my hand round to her pussy and started to finger her gently under the scrap of silk between her legs. She was soaking wet.
'If you're a bad mother Patty, then I don't want you to be good. Let's get this pretty bra off so I can suck on your tits while I play with your pussy.'
She giggled as I undid her bra with one practised hand and slipped it off. Her pretty strawberry coloured nipples were hard, but her breasts were soft as she rose over me a little and I cupped one, bringing it to my mouth so I could lick at her nipple and then suck gently as I juiced up her pussy, and rubbed her clit under her panties. I moved across to her other tit, circling the nipple with my tongue before sucking hard enough to make Patty moan.
I could feel Jane running my swollen cockhead back and forward on her ginger landing strip and gasped at the sensation.
Now Patty moved so we could both see what Jane was doing. As soon as Jane's eyes met mine, she rose over my cock and in one fluid motion, sat down on my thick length, my big cock splitting her pussy lips open as she impaled herself on it, buried up to the hilt. I groaned with the sensation of her tight teenage cunt walls gripping my stiff pole, her hot, slippery pussy stretching to accommodate me.
'Fuck, Mark! You're way bigger than Dad. You're so fucking deep in me right now,'
She was looking down at where we were joined, her hair covering her face. I reached out and smoothed it back from her brow, keen to see those pretty green eyes and freckles now I had finally gotten into her ginger pussy.
'Oh god Jane, baby, you're such a good girl, taking all of my cock like that.'
She smiled and cupped her own tits, squeezing them together as she began to grind on me, rotating her hips, stirring her insides up, using my cock to pleasure herself.
I held my arms open and she lowered herself down as I hugged her to me, her firm teenage body in my strong arms, the sensation of her supple tits and stiff nipples on my muscled chest making me throb inside her as she began to ride me. Patty had moved and at first I wasn't sure where she was. Then I felt a hand on my balls, cupping me and rubbing me there as I went in and out of Jane's tight, wet centre.
Jane's gorgeous red hair fell in curtains round my face as my mouth found hers, our tongues meeting, my arms roaming her smooth shoulders and back as she bounced on me as we kissed hungrily.
Patty was applying gentle pressure under my balls with the fingers of one hand and now I could feel her licking my balls and shaft at intervals, taking the opportunity each time Jane rose up the length of my cock to pleasure me.
Breathlessly breaking the kiss with Jane, I started to suck on her neck, holding her head half on my shoulder as we both gasped and moaned.
Her taut teenage body felt so good squashed against me as we rocked together.
Jane sat up now, leaning back, her small hands on my chest as her tits bounced each time we slapped together. I caught those firm breasts in my hands and pushed them up and together, loving how they looked, succulent with hard nipples.
I watched too as she rose up and down on me, that little ginger landing strip matted and wet as she took my long thick cock up her repeatedly, giving my dick a hot, wet massage, silky panties still pushed to one side.
Though she was slippery she was still tight and I had the urge to get on top and fuck the living daylights out of this horny teenage redhead.
'My turn,' I panted out, and Jane understood what I wanted, easing herself off my slick with juices stiff prick as we changed places, her sliding beneath me, me climbing on top of her. She looked gorgeous in her white stockings and suspenders, her creamy freckled skin a contrast to all that red hair. I ripped her panties off her and she giggled, her breasts jiggling.
Patty sat beside us on the bed and helped Jane hold her legs up and open for me as my cock jumped and twitched in anticipation. Patty was topless, and I watched her tits swing as she moved around, her barely there black panties damp between her legs from where I had been fingering her.
Jane's perfect pussy was wet, puffy and pink, her clit peeking out a little at the top, her lips open and waiting, the heaven between her legs mine for the taking. I was kind of obsessed with the cute patch of ginger hair above her entrance, and taking myself in hand, I knelt between Jane's creamy thighs and rubbed the head of my cock on and around that neatly shaven, slightly damp area. My cock was still wet from being inside Jane's wet pussy and the slick friction was delicious.
A low moan came from Jane as I started now to rub my mushroom head around her clit, and she closed her eyes, her face beginning to flush prettily before spreading to her neck as she became increasingly aroused. Patty leant over then and fluttered her tongue around her daughter's clit and my cock head, adding further sensation for both of us.
'Oh, fuck that feels good,' I said, as Patty sucked on me a little, then grabbed my cock in her hand and rubbed it up and around Jane's pussy, slapping it on her clit a couple of times. I smacked Patty's ass and then cupped her between her legs, fingering her through her soaking panties, then ran one hand down her sheer black stockings, coming back up to squeeze her ass.
'Stick your fucking big cock in me, and I mean right fucking now,' pleaded Jane.
I looked at Patty. 'You heard her. You fuck that pussy hard, baby,' was all she said.
I braced up on my arms over Jane, and her arms came around my back, pulling me to her. My cock was so hard and Jane was so wet, that I penetrated her vagina easily, filling the 18 year old completely with my long thick shaft as she cried out and dug her fingernails into my shoulders. Even though I had been deep inside her as she rode me, something about this angle and me being on top of her made me feel powerfully deep in her, as I pinned her down.
As I began stroking into her, she wrapped her legs round my back, crossing her ankles over the backs of my thighs. The look and feel of those sheer white stockings and suspender belt as I ran my hand down her body really made me want to fuck her hard.
I crushed my mouth to hers in a fevered kiss as she gripped my hair. I felt a smack on my ass. Patty was getting her own back and I smiled into Jane's mouth as I railed the teenager, bouncing her on the bed now as I went faster, her tits bouncing underneath me too as my balls slapped her ass, my cock driving in and out of her slippery cunt, our bodies clapping together.
'Oh, fuck Jane, you feel good, baby.'
'Uh-huh, oh god, yes, yes, fucking do me, fuck my pussy, fucking fuck me with your big fucking daddy dick!'
I was more than happy to oblige, leaning back now so we made an L shape on the bed. I hooked Jane's legs under her knees with my hands and pushed her thighs up and out, spreading her wider.
Slowing now so I could last longer, my hands went to her tits as I caressed them, pushing them up and together, loving how they looked in my hands, rubbing the stiff nipples with my thumbs while I screwed her.
I moved Jane's legs up and on to my shoulders now and took her in slow deep strokes, pausing on each out stroke before surging into her tight pussy over and over, bottoming out in her as I went balls deep, holding myself at her deepest place for seconds at a time before repeating the move. Jane's moans rose on each in stroke I took, panting rapidly now.
That pretty blush came up on her face again and spread down her neck. I knew for a lot of women this signalled the beginning of a rise to their orgasm.
Patty moved side on to us on her knees and leaned in, taking my mouth, and we tongued kissed as I did her daughter. Patty put one hand on my ass and the other went to her daughter's clit above where I was penetrating her. I smacked Patty's ass and then pulled her sopping black panties down to her knees, then started to finger fuck her juicy mommy pussy, spreading wetness on to her swollen clit whilst I kept fucking her daughter's slippery cunt.
Both women were on the verge of coming now and I had to think of accounting and spreadsheets to hold out as their combined moans and groans filled the air, Patty going red in the face now too as I found her G spot.
I started to rock faster in to Jane again now, watching as her perky tits bounced and her head tilted back, eyes closed. At the same time, I increased the speed of my two fingers going in and out of Patty's slick vagina, then added a third.
Patty came first with a long keening cry all over my hand, gripping it between her thighs as she shuddered her release, and after a few moments her trembling legs relaxed and she collapsed back on the bed next to Jane.
Now I concentrated back on a certain horny ginger teenager, pressing my body down on her as those creamy legs wrapped themselves around me again.
My hands went into Jane's hair and I kissed her thoroughly while I reamed her, swallowing her gasps as she tightened her grip on my shoulders, digging her fingernails into me again. My strokes were fast and deep, my heart thumping in my chest as I gave it everything I had, penetrating and re-penetrating her again as I left her pussy empty on each backstroke before filling her again over and over with my long thick cock.
I bore down on the 18 year old redhead, our bodies tight against each other, her firm tits with their stiff nipples squashed onto my chest, my mouth on her neck so she could pant and moan and yell as I fucked her hard into the bed, grunting as I pumped into her.
'Uh-uh-uh, I'm coming, I'm coming Mark, oh fuck, yes, yes, yes, oh god, oh god, fuck, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm fucking COMING!'
Her orgasm made her scream, her vaginal walls clamping on me and then came my own tingling rush of intense pleasure hitting me hard and fast as I finally let go, my balls contracting, my dick throbbing inside her as it pulsed, jetting my cum deep into her tight wet cunt as I let out my own long groan of release, my cock jerking over and over as I emptied my balls into her perfect teen pussy, buried between her shaking thighs.
***
The three of us cuddled together on the bed after, warm and satisfied. I had buried my head between Patty's soft breasts, with Jane behind me, her tits pressed up against my back. These two sweetly demanding mother and daughter redheads had given me a real workout, and I hoped that their pleasure had been at least equal to mine.
I had dozed off and when I woke up in an empty bed, I had no idea how long I had slept for. I padded into the shower which was still warm - I guessed Jane and Patty had probably used it, and I had a vision of mother and daughter soaping each other up, washing between each other's legs, breasts pushed together, kissing. My cock twitched, apparently still not fully spent even after I had come multiple times today having fucked all the new pussy I could get my hands on and dick into. I sent up a prayer to the inventor of those little blue trainer pills, a big advance on the previous version.
The shower felt good and I stood under it's warming spray for a while. And of course I gave my cock, balls and even my ass a good wash. I had at least one or possibly two more comes left in me, and I hadn't even fucked my own wife yet.
***
In the lounge, my son Grant had Mitsuki in a standing 69 position by the sofa, apparently well rested after her sleep. She was ideal for giving and taking oral in this position, being petite and flexible and Grant had a strong, muscled physique. Her little honey brown legs were up in the air, her thighs over his shoulders while he held her ass with one strong hand, with the other firmly holding her across her back, while the Asian teenager curled one hand around his ass, the other braced on his knee. She had tied her jet black hair back in a simple ponytail to keep it out of the way.
His face was buried between her thighs, tight to her hairy pussy as he ate her out, and she was adeptly sucking his cock, making it look easy even while she was upside down. The sounds of sucking and groaning came from them both. Watching Missy got me hard again immediately. I loved that jet black lettered tattoo on her thigh, and wondered if my daughter Amy would consider getting something like it.
I raised my eyebrows at Grant who catching my gaze merely nodded, and moving closer I spread Missy's ass cheeks open. I bent to kiss and lick the bottom of her pussy nearest her little asshole, while my son concentrated on the top of her pussy and her clit. I moved my tongue now to her asshole and started licking around it. Unlike her pussy, she was clearly bleached and waxed here. The only taste was of her delicious salty blackcurrant cunt juice which I had spread with my tongue from her wet pussy. I speared my tongue into her pink-on-the-inside hole, fluttering it around the sensitive ring, and she groaned even around Grant's cock in her mouth, my thick erection pressed up against her slim shoulder blades, my balls on the back of her neck.
Grant and I smiled at each other over her juicy mound, even as we worked the Asian teen's pussy and ass between us. I slowly inserted a finger in Missy's asshole, using the wetness from her wet cunt to ease it's passage. As I pushed it in and out gently, I circled my tongue around her tight ring.
Missy's thighs began to tremble a little at that, and when I looked down I could see she had increased the speed of her blow job on Grant.
'I think she's about to come, Grant.'
'Fuck, yeah,' he said, 'She's gonna make me come too in a minute, Dad. Where did you find this one?'
'She's Aleesha's friend. Tokyo Academy trained, including a distinction in Positions and Gymnastics'
'Figures,' he said, getting back to devouring her hairy pussy. 'I'll take it from here, Dad. Mum and Amy have been looking for you.'
I smacked Missy's little golden brown tight ass, and watched as Grant now started to move his attention back and forth between her pussy and asshole as the Asian's teens thighs started to shake, on the verge of a powerful orgasm even while she worked her mouth expertly up and down his stiff prick.
I left them to it, and made my way to the kitchen for a drink, hearing the sounds of groaning coming from that direction from halfway down the adjoining corridor.
When I turned the corner, I was happy to see that Jeff was standing between his wife's open legs as she lay on the kitchen table, tenderly kissing his daughter Jane standing next to him. He was stroking into Patty's pussy slowly and caressing her breasts gently as she smiled up at him.
'I've missed this Jeff,' Patty said.
'I'm sorry, baby. I've missed it too. I love you and I love Jane,' he said, breaking the kiss with his daughter who was looking at him adoringly while he did her mum.
'I know, baby,' she sighed. 'You just need to show us sometimes.'
Jeff smiled even while he groaned, 'I will Patty. I want us to be a happy family.'
'Thanks Dad,' said Jane, 'I love you too. Now kiss me like you mean it.'
He did, stroking her long red hair, deepening the kiss, while he fucked his wife's ginger pussy. Looked like I wasn't going to have to kick Jeff's ass after all. My old friend had come to his senses and realised what he stood to lose.
The kitchen clock said it was just after 10pm - I had thought it was later with all my little post-sex naps and the dark night. I grabbed a bottle of beer and a bottle of water from the fridge and headed outside.
***
I sat comfortably in the poolside chair and sipped from my bottle of water while my sister in law Aleesha took turns sucking my cock with my wife Helen.
The heaters were doing a good job of keeping it warm out here and the automatic lights cast a soft glow over the whole area.
I watched as they knelt between my legs, passing my hard on back and forward between them, sometimes kissing each other as their lips met wetly on the head of my cock.
Aleesha looked up at me, her full dark lips suctioning powerfully on my white meat as she took me to the back of her throat. I groaned.
'Fuck, Aleesha, that feels so good.'
'Mmmmmhmmm.'
My secretary Cynthia, her husband Chris, and my eldest Teresa were all bobbing around naked in the heated pool laughing and splashing each other. My niece Amber and my youngest Amy were in the jacuzzi together chatting. It was good to see how well they were getting on
I watched now as Chris swam Cynthia over to the side and she hopped up on the pool edge and opened her legs, leaning back a little on her elbows. Chris wasted no time in burying his head between her thighs, and Cynthia started to whimper as he worked on his wife's pussy,
Now Teresa boosted herself out of the pool, her delicious curves and big tits dripping water. She stood over Cynthia who nodded and lowered herself on to Cynthia's waiting tongue, facing Chris. Chris looked up from between his wife's legs and Teresa leant forward so he could play with her tits while he ate his wife out.
As Helen took my cock now, wrapping her familiar lips around my shaft and bobbing her head in my lap, Aleesha stood and leaned over me. I immediately reached for her big black tits and Aleesha fed me one jet black nipple which I tongued and sucked till it was long and stiff before swapping to the other.
With my wife's hot mouth on my shaft and my sister in law's hard nipple in my mouth, I felt close to coming but I knew it'd take some extra stimulation this time to make me ejaculate as I'd come so many times already today.
Turned out my wife and daughters had a plan for that later.
***
To end the party, Helen, ever the good host, had organised a game for us all. There were nine pussies and four cocks to satisfy, but with Helen organising, that meant two cunts per dick. I'd see to Helen myself later I thought.
Helen made sure everyone was showered and clean before serving drinks again to everyone and we all sat around naked in the lounge as Helen set out the rules.
'Ok, first round is the pussy round. Men you'll be on your backs in a row. Ladies, you'll work in pairs, one riding cock while the other face sits the lucky male contender. Two minutes then you swap. Then the ladies will dismount and move in the same pairs to the cock on your right. When you reach the end of the line, go back to the beginning. If any man comes, that pair is out.'
Grant put his hand up and his mum laughed.
'Yes, son?'
'So if I come on say Missy's face, that doesn't count and I'm still in?'
Mitsuki giggled, as she sat next to Grant and played with his cock.
'No. If you're not in a pussy or ass then it's against the rules except at swap time. Women, you can come as many times as you can or want. It's biology folks. You men have come that many times today, I doubt any of you can get hard again quick enough to fuck the next hole in line if you blow your loads. At least not in this game. And men you do have to fuck, it's against the rules to stay still in any round except the last.
Next is the ass round. Women you'll pair up with someone new, and one of you will get on all fours, ass up. The other will spread cheeks while the men take each ass from behind. Two minutes then swap, two minutes then you move in pairs to the next cock on your right.
The last man standing goes through to the final PM round. Prostate massage. You get to pick three women. One will suck your cock, one will sit on your face, the other will stick a finger up your ass and get that prostate gland happy. Ladies, use a glove if you don't have a short fingernail or get clipping now. Two minutes each then swap positions. The man's prize is he gets an intense orgasm he'll never forget. And if he lasts more than 10 minutes before he comes, then he gets to take me and our new cleaner Greta to bed when she comes to work tomorrow. She's a Swedish student, 18, slim with long blonde hair, blue eyes, big tits and a tight pussy. And I can say that because she's also a certificated virgin. For now. During the game, I'll be on lube, hygiene and timing duty but I'll be available for the picking in the final PM round.
Everyone clear?'
There was a lot of chatter, a lot of laughing, organising of pairs, some nail clipping and a lot of clinking glasses. This was the first I'd heard about the deal with Greta. My wife certainly did know how to throw a party. My cock twitched in anticipation.
***
I was the first in line for the pussy round, my son Grant to my left, then Chris, then Jeff. We lay naked on our backs on the plush carpeted lounge floor, cushions under our heads, fisting our cocks to keep them hard and ready as we watched the ladies assemble themselves in pairs. Helen stood organising things with a stopwatch round her neck, hanging between her naked tits like a PE teacher in a porno movie.
Missy had paired with Cynthia, Jane with Aleesha, Amber with Teresa and Amy with Patty, mostly going with young and older pairs which I thought was a great idea.
Helen called start and Missy was the first to sit on my cock whilst Cynthia lowered her pussy on to my waiting tongue, facing Missy.
'Hello, Mr. Collins,' the pretty Asian teen said, grinding on my dick as I watched her between Cynthia's thighs.
'Fuck Missy, you're tight baby.'
To my left, my sister in law Aleesha had just sunk onto my son Grant's cock with a gasp. As he reached for her big black tits I felt a stab of jealousy. Jane settled herself on to his face. I concentrated back on how I was fully deep in Missy's hairy pussy.
'You like it, Mr. Collins?' she breathed, but I couldn't answer as I now had a mouth full of my secretary's tasty and familiar pussy.
Working by touch only I reached out for the Asian teen's tits as she rode me, finding her nipples pleasingly hard as her hot juicy cunt sheathed my cock, her pubic hair tickling in my lap.
I was just squeezing Mitsuki's taut nipples when Helen called swap, and both women quickly moved. My cock flexed for a moment and then Cynthia got a hold of it and sank down on me in one quick movement, her hands on my chest, not as tight as Missy but I filled her enough for her to moan loudly as she bounced lightly on me, spreading her wetness up and down my length.
Then I looked up as Missy's cute hairy pussy descended on me, her golden brown thighs now settling either side of my head. My hands went to her tight little ass and squeezed and I got my tongue right inside her and licked straight up to her clit.
I paused and panted into the Asian teenager's pussy as Thea rose to the top of my length and squeezed the head of my cock with her vaginal walls. She laughed knowing the effect it had on me but I held my come, trying to think of spreadsheets again but that made me think about spreading Thea in the sheets of my bed so I tried to remember the Japanese word for pussy as I ate Missy out.
'Omanko. Omanko!'
Missy giggled at my poor pronunciation and ran her fingers through my hair.
'You're so cute, Mr Collins. I think you'll come in my bum later.'
The thought of it nearly made me come in Thea but Helen called time again. I missed Thea's pussy as soon as she gently pulled off me.
Helen quickly handed out refreshing wet wipes to the men and women if they wanted it for faces, cocks and pussies, counting down 10 seconds and then it was the next round.
'Hi Dad,' said my youngest Amy as she straddled me and impaled herself on my straining erection, which I barely had time to register before I was balls deep inside her tight, wet hole.
'Hey, baby,' I said and cupped her firm breasts as she settled on me and tied her ash blonde hair back. 'You're so pre-' I started to say, but was quickly cut off when Patty sat on my face, her ginger mommy pussy wet with arousal already. I licked and sucked at it, trying to ignore the way my daughter's cunt was sliding up and down my stiff pole and making it feel so good.
At the swap, Patty nearly made me come in surprise as she reverse cowgirled me and the change in the angle of penetration felt electric, especially with Amy lying flat with her pussy in my face, her tits on my stomach, I could see over her back as Patty's round ass bounced on my cock. Still I spread Amy's cheeks and tongued her asshole and clit as I felt my balls tingle.
It was a delicious reprieve when Patty pulled off my cock, gave it a cheeky suck (surely that was a rule break) and Amy stood up right over me and I had a spectacular view of her teenage pussy, lips wetly swollen between her taut thighs.
I only had a few seconds though before my curvy elder daughter's big tits came into view as she swung a leg over my thick cock. I made a grab for Teresa's beautiful breasts, their soft weight overspilling my hands. No sooner had I started to thumb her stiff nipples than my 18 year old niece's smooth black pussy blocked my view as she squatted over me and I had to let go of those luscious boobs. I couldn't complain though and as I brought Amber's perfect pussy to my face, I groaned as I felt Teresa's plump pussy massage my cock.
Using my thumbs I opened Amber's glossy black pussy lips and got my tongue into her pink centre. She tasted sweet and clean and as I worked her pussy she whimpered a little.
'Come on Uncle,' she panted, 'Let's see if you can make me let go on your face. Or if you prefer you can put a baby in me?'
'Fuck Amber, that's not fair!'
She giggled whilst Teresa rode me, and I fucked up into her, hugely turned on by my niece's words, grabbing her smooth black ass cheeks and tonguing her swollen clit furiously as Teresa bounced, our bodies clapping together. Then I spread Ambers ass cheeks and ran a finger round her tight little asshole, pressing gently here and there.
The sounds of fucking and sucking filled the room as everyone went at each other. I focussed back on Amber and sucked hard on her clit, then licked, then sucked again.
I was rewarded when Amber came with a cry all over my face, her trembling thighs clamping on my head, as my mouth was bathed in her sweet nectar just as Helen called swap. I felt stupidly proud I had made the 18 year old come in two minutes flat, albeit her slit had already had a lot of attention.
I didn't have much time to celebrate as the girls swapped and I watched as my white meat got swallowed into my niece's deliciously juicy tight black cunt. Amber's hands went to my chest and she threw her head back, long and stiff black nipples on her small breasts heaving, her pussy no doubt still tender.
Then I was lost between Teresa's thick thighs. I smacked her juicy ass while I ate out her plump pussy, and reached my hands up to hold those heavy breasts while she rode my face.
'Oh, Daddy. Oh, Daddy!'
Amber was slowly rocking on me, which was fortunate as any faster likely would've had me spurting in her.
I'd made it to the last swap in the pussy round. Amber gave my balls a squeeze as she came off my stiff pole, slick with her juices.
Moments later the fiery redhead Jane grinned at me as she inserted me between her creamy thighs and immediately started to ride me hard, her breasts bouncing as I pumped up into her, for the moment forgetting the game. Then my sister in law Aleesha was backing up her big black booty on to me and my vision filled with her pussy. I ached to suck on her big black tits but all I could do was enjoy how they were squashed on to my abdomen as she rode my face on all fours. She rose slightly so I could more easily get to that juicy clit. I moaned and she and Jane bounced on me at both ends.
When I felt Aleesha's tongue on the base of my cock right where I was penetrating Jane I was certain to come I thought but was saved by the swap. But when Aleesha sank her black pussy onto my hard white cock moments later I had to try and forget how good it felt to be deep inside her.
Jane knew how fond I was of her little ginger landing strip so she let me run my tongue through it as she slowly lowered herself on to my face. That peachy taste of hers filled my mouth and I got to work, holding her equally peachy ass in both hands and squeezing it as I teased her juices out of her, devouring her pussy whilst Aleesha in turn squeezed my cock with her slippery cunt as she rose and fell on my stiff length. Judging by the sounds they were making they were both close to coming, but I was glad when Helen called time as inevitably I was too.
***
The line of four asses was an incredible, mouth watering sight, as the women paired up and got into position, one on all fours and the other kneeling on one side ready to spread cheeks and lube up cocks and asses. We had all made it through the pussy round somehow and Helen had declared it over after two go rounds of the eight pussies.
Helen had allowed a 5 minute break for cleaning, wiping and lubing up after the pussy round which I was grateful of, particularly when she handed out bottles of water, which I was thankful to have to slake my thirst.
The first four asses were Missy's cute golden brown one, Teresa's big juicy white ass, Aleesha's round black booty and Patty's creamy peach shaped behind.
I knelt behind Mitsuki's petite ass, her hairy pussy visible between her thighs, my hard on jumping when Teresa knelt by her side and spread her little ass cheeks open for me. Her little puckered ring was pinkish and looked very fuckable, nicely lubed up for me. Before Helen called time to start, I pulled Teresa towards me and bent to have a quick suck on her big tits, those nipples tasty and responsive as always, stiffening quickly.
I smacked Missy's ass and fisted my slippery cock before notching it in place.
'I'm ready for your big bokki, Mr. Collins. I'm anal trained, so you can do me as hard and fast as you want,' she giggled, looking over her shoulder.
'Oh, I will Missy,' I said, grabbing her hips, and as Helen called start, I mounted her, pushing the head of my cock into her tight ring. After some small resistance and the delicious pressure on my glans, I surged forward and filled her ass in one thrust, stretching her hole around my long thick cock. Teresa kept her ass cheeks spread for me, which improved the view.
Missy gasped and despite her confidence, I liked to think I was the biggest cock the little Asian teen had had stuffed up her. She was as tight as I'd hoped, and I needed a few moments to breathe before reaching my hands underneath her body to grab her nice medium sized tits.
I grunted as I thrust into her, as she bounced her ass back onto my cock, loving the feel of her tight little nipples in my palms. When Teresa was satisfied that I was well seated in Missy, she let her ass cheeks go and as my balls slapped into Missy's ass below where I was penetrating her, Teresa tongue kissed me.
'Me next, Daddy. You never finished what you started earlier,' my eldest daughter said, now kissing my neck. I took Missy's ass with renewed vigour, fucking that little hole hard as Missy cried out, her ass tight but slippery with lube as it seemed to almost suck at my length. Part of me wanted to just come in the hot Asian teenager, but I held back.
When Helen called time, Missy was quick to swap places with Teresa and spread her cheeks for me, guiding my cock into her. I rammed Teresa's juicy ass hard, watching as her flesh rippled like waves, and I smacked that ass over and over as Teresa told me to fuck her harder.
'I'm coming Dad, I'm coming, oh fuck Dad, your Daddy dick is so fucking big in me!'
Missy slid under Teresa's bucking body and suckled on her big hanging tits as they swung with the force of my ass reaming. I reached down and found Teresa's clit and gave it a good rub. Within seconds, Teresa came wetly all over my fingers with a shout.
The rest of the round was a blur of tight asses, bodies clapping together, and rising moans and groans.
I heard Grant say, 'Fuck it. Missy, come with me. I need to finish in you so hard, right now, and I don't give a fuck if I lose.'
He led her over to the sofa, giggling, threw her down on it, got her legs up on his shoulders and fucked her ass in deep powerful strokes, swapping to her hairy pussy, then back to her ass. Her tits were bouncing hard on her chest as he held her down firmly. When he finally came in her pussy, she cried out and he let out an animal grunt, shuddering into her. When he pulled out, their combined juices ran down her trembling thighs as she panted, having come as hard as he had apparently.
To my left Chris was fucking my sister in law Aleesha's big black ass, his white meat going in and out of her at pace, his hands on her hips, head tipped back. She was taking the pounding, her big black tits in constant motion as she rocked with him.
Chris gave a cry and I could see him try to hold on but it was too late as he pulled out, coming in her ass hole, then with big white spurts as he finished all over her glossy back.
'Fuck,' he said, Aleesha panting on all fours underneath him, 'if that's losing then I don't wanna win.'
I chuckled as next to him I took his wife's ass over and over. I'd never fucked my secretary up the ass before and the sensation was overwhelming. I slowed my pace, fighting against the urge to let go inside this woman who I loved dearly, second only to my own wife.
'Oh Thea, you feel so good baby, so tight.'
'Uh, uh, uh, ah, ah, ah, god, god, fuck, yes, yes, yes!'
I held on.
***
It was just me and Jeff left in the ass round now and as I mounted his daughter Jane, he took my niece Amber.
Jane's ass was tight but she took my long thick cock like a pro and I held on to her prettily freckled shoulders as I fucked her teen ass, trying not to listen to her groaning, or my overstimulated balls as they slapped against her firm, pale ass.
Then Amber looked across and winked at me as she played her trump card, pushing back against Jeff's onslaught.
'Come on Jeff,' said my 18 year old black niece, 'Put a baby in me, let go and get me pregnant. Come on Jeff, you know you want to. Do me where you can breed me.' I knew Amber was on the contraceptive injection so this was a tease. Jeff almost certainly knew it too, but the idea was clearly overwhelming to him.
'Oh fuck Amber, fuck! I'll do it, fuck it I'll do it!'
He pulled out of her ass gently, then angled down into her wet pussy, sliding in with a groan before he gave her a couple of big desperate thrusts before he came inside her tight black cunt with a long, satisfied moan.
By some miracle and with Amber's help, I had won the ass round.
***
I had of course picked my wife and daughters for my prostate massage. I'd never had one before and wanted my girls to have their way with me, keeping it in the family. I was permitted a quick shower, of course making sure I was very clean in all the important places, but my PM was to take place in the lounge in front of any one who wanted to watch.
As I settled naked on my back on the big soft rug, a pillow behind my head, I saw Jeff had his arms round his wife and daughter, whilst their hands were on his cock, both wanking him slowly as he relaxed back on the sofa, a big goofy smile on his face.
Grant was tit fucking Aleesha, who was on her back on the other sofa, his white cock sandwiched between her big black tits as he sat on her gently, sliding his stiff pole back and forth in her delicious cleavage. Every now and again he would slap his dick on her chin and she'd open her mouth and give him a few quick sucks before wrapping her tits around his white meat again.
Cynthia was on the armchair, her legs wide open while Missy knelt between her thighs and ate her out, her golden brown ass in the air, whilst Chris fucked the Asian teens pussy nice and slow from behind. As I watched, Amber lowered herself over Cynthia's face and opened her pussy so that Cynthia could get her tongue into the wet cunt above her.
Unsurprisingly my cock was rock solid from taking all this in, and I thought I'd lose my mind if I didn't come soon.
Helen, Teresa and Amy came downstairs, freshly showered and giggling as they approached me, naked.
'Hey baby, you ready to come for your wife and daughters?' said Helen.
'God, yes,' I said, stroking my cock.
Apparently they had agreed who would start where as they moved into position.
Amy sat across my midsection, her tight ass facing me, and held my legs up and open, her wet pussy hot and slick on my abs, her light frame a pleasing weight on me. Helen got situated between my thighs and Teresa lowered herself on to my waiting tongue, facing me to give Amy room.
I couldn't see but I could feel Helen licking my balls, holding my cock up and out of the way with one hand so she had space to work and I gasped as I could feel her tongue going lower and feathering around my asshole. Teresa's plump pussy was wet on my face and I used my thumbs to spread her juicy pussy lips, my tongue and mouth working to tease her clit.
Then I felt Amy's little tongue on the head of my cock, licking it gently, touching my sensitive slit before she took just my cockhead in her mouth and sucked.
With my ass, cock and mouth all getting stimulated, I was in a heaven of sensation, my family showing me their love in a delicious way.
'You ready, baby?' asked Helen, her voice coming from between my legs.
'Oh fuck, Helen. As ready as I'll ever be.'
I felt her spread cool lube around my asshole, and then seconds later I felt her fingertip penetrate my ass, gently pressing into me.
Amy made sure to hold my legs up and back so I was bent at the knees, wheelbarrow style, completely exposed. She let me out of her mouth and licked around and underneath my mushroom head, kissing the swollen sensitive flesh tenderly.
I moaned into Teresa's slippery cunt as Helen slowly inserted her finger further in my ass and I involuntarily clenched on her, which sent a wave of pleasure from my balls to the tip of my shaft. My ass felt pleasantly full.
Now Helen gently began to slide her finger in and out of me and I could feel her fingertip crook up inside me, in a 'come here' kind of gesture. I felt like I wanted to pee and come at the same time, as the tingling warmth spread across my lower body.
'Feel good, baby?'
'Oh fuck Helen, it feels incredible.'
Either Helen or Amy massaged my tight heavy balls with gentle fingers and I didn't think my cock could get any harder as it twitched against Amy's lips.
I needed the slight reprieve as the women swapped places at Helen's suggestion after a few minutes of this. Teresa got between my legs, Helen sat on my chest and Amy sat on my face. Teresa's lubed finger felt thicker than Helen's as she inserted it in my asshole and rotated it gently. I felt her tongue play around my ring too, which got my balls tingling.
Helen took my cock all the way to the back of her throat, but held my base firmly, preventing me from coming which I was grateful for as I certainly wanted to last long enough to win this round, take Greta's virginity tomorrow as my prize, and it was getting increasingly difficult not to let go.
Amy's pussy was as sweet as ever and her juicy clit swelled as I licked it up and down then sucked on it.
'Oh, Daddy! Your tongue feels good right there.'
Teresa worked her finger in and out of my asshole diligently and with her other hand pressed on the area between my ass and balls, making my heart thump and cock throb in my wife's warm and wet mouth. I could only pant now into my youngest's wet pussy but she groaned as it meant I was blowing air across her sensitive clit.
It was now Amy's turn to massage my prostate and I knew she'd specialised in advance orgasms at the Academy. I was in good hands, literally.
Teresa took cock-sucking duties as I tongued Helen's pussy, sucking on her lips like I knew drove her wild. I palmed her ass as I worked her over.
Meanwhile, Teresa was licking up and down the sides of my cock, tapping it with her tongue and slurping as she went. She alternated that with wanking me between her big luscious tits.
But it was my ass that was beginning to be the centre of my pleasure. Amy was curling her finger upward, pressing and moving the tip of her finger in little circles inside me as she found the sweet spot. As she pressed there it seemed that pleasure went straight to the tip of my cock. Her finger was longer than Teresa's and she was able to get further into me.
'I don't think Dad'll last much longer' said Teresa, 'I'm getting a lot of pre-cum now.'
I had lost the power of speech at this point and honestly felt a little faint, the pleasure was so intensely sharp and yet soft as a band of heat and tingles radiated out from my ass till it seemed to cover my whole body.
I could feel my thighs begin to tremble. Helen and Teresa moved to kneel either side of me, holding my shaking legs up and open and I watched as pre cum seeped from my tip as they both licked it off with gentle tongues. My hands went to their backs and I stroked gently as I lost myself in sensation and felt myself building now to a release. I was panting now and couldn't seem to stop.
'That's it Dad,' said Amy, increasing the speed of her finger a little in my ass, sliding it in and out, curling upwards, pressing, massaging my P spot.
'Leave his cock alone now. He'll come harder that way.' That was Amy I thought but her voice sounded far away. My shaft was flexing and twitching all by itself now.
As my thoughts stuttered and fell away, I could feel a clutching, tightening contracting tingle begin around Amy's gentle but insistent finger in my ass, spread slowly up and down my spine, then gather in my balls.
'Come on, Dad, let go now. Let go, come for me, come for your wife and daughters. Let it all out.'
Amy curled her finger up a little further in my ass then pressed firmly and held almost perfectly still, just a slight circular movement was all she made with her fingertip.
I was teetering on the edge for long delicious seconds, then I was overtaken by a rushing tingling squeezing wave of such intensity from balls to tip that I had no control over it as my cock flexed and I cried out, hearing myself say fuck, fuck, fuck over and over as I came hard, shooting thick white ropes of cum out of my cock slit high into the air, hitting Teresa and Helen in the face and getting in their hair.
Still I kept pulsing cum. Amy had tapped into a well of fresh cum somehow and I felt like I might never stop as my balls contracted over and over, my cock throbbing in time. Amy slid her finger out and that movement alone made me jet again, this time hitting her face and open mouth, landing some cum on her tongue, just as she had intended I guessed. The release I felt was all consuming and my mind blanked with the intense pleasure of it.
Finally my cock stopped jerking as I panted and my muscles relaxed. My balls were finally empty and as the three most important women in my life starting licking up my come from my dripping cock, my abs and each other, I passed out.
***
Helen and I cuddled up in bed together, arms around each other.
We had said our goodnights downstairs - after I had woken up that was - leaving the rest of our family and friends to get on with it. We could hear laughs and groans floating up the stairs, but I was exhausted, with just enough energy left for a quick shower before I collapsed into bed, my cock finally soft.
Helen and I kissed goodnight. My final thought before I drifted off - having lasted just long enough in the prostate massage round to win it - a smile plastered on my face, was of deflowering our new Swedish cleaner Greta tomorrow. I would need my rest.
***
I had that lazy Sunday morning feeling as I woke up, light streaming through the curtains. Helen was nowhere to be seen but I was surprised to find that at some point Missy had gotten into bed with me. She had one small golden brown leg thrown over me, that sexy thigh tattoo on display, and her soft bare tits were pressed up against the side of me, her arm across my chest, her jet black hair spread across the pillow. I looked down and saw she was wearing a pair of simple tight white cotton panties through which I could see her dark bush and a hint of her slit.
She was snoring gently. I slid a hand inside those cute panties and started to finger the Asian teenager's warm, hairy pussy as I ran a hand up and down her smooth leg. My morning wood had come back with a vengeance as if the excesses of yesterday had never happened.
Missy stirred and flopped onto her back and I moved on top of her, her small body beneath me, dipping my head to suck on one of her tits, stiffening the nipple as my fingers delved into her young cunt, making it juicy as I circled her clit. She opened her eyes, and smiled up at me.
'Good morning, Mr Collins. My father often wakes me up this way, too,' she said sleepily, lifting her little bum up so I could slide her panties off.
'Good morning, Mitsuki. You looked so pretty I couldn't resist.'
'I hoped you would see to me one more time, sir. I thought getting into bed with you would help achieve my aim. My plane leaves this afternoon and I must be on it.'
She opened her legs for me as she brought me down on top of her. The pretty Asian teen looped her arms round my neck, wrapped her little legs round my back and got comfortable underneath me, wriggling her firm, petite body against me. I slid my long thick cock into her gently, looking down between our bodies to watch as I penetrated her easily, the head of my cock obscured by her hairy pussy, which was slick and tight for me this morning.
I took her in slow deep strokes, the sound of her wet pussy as I fucked her and her rising moans filling my senses as I bent to kiss her mouth then went lower to capture her taut brown nipples, licking each in turn before sucking gently.
It wasn't long before Missy clutched at my shoulders and came for me, and seconds later after several deeply penetrating thrusts, I filled her with my cum, throbbing and pulsing inside her as her cunt walls gripped me.
***
Missy passed me her cigarette and I took a drag before handing it back to her. I stroked my fingers through the soft black hair of her pussy and she sighed in contentment.
'Will you come and visit me in Tokyo, Mr. Collins?'
'I'd like to Mitsuki.'
She smiled. 'Good. My mother would enjoy your big chinpoko between her legs I think.'
I laughed at that.
'What's she like?'
'She's a very nice woman. Flexible like me, skilled in the oral traditions, and good on her back too. More blessed in the bust area than me. You would be welcomed into her bedroom and I would take pleasure in joining you. I also have an 18 year old cousin Tamiko who is very fond of big white cocks. Especially in her rear.'
I got hard just thinking about it. I'd get Cynthia to arrange a business trip as soon as I could.
***
After showering with Missy, where we kissed and washed each other under the warm spray, I got dressed in shorts and a T-shirt. I found a small pair of purple lace panties for Mitsuki and held them out for her as she stepped into them, cupping her mound possessively where the material was snug against her pussy. She smiled and we headed downstairs together.
Helen had gotten out pastries and made coffee for our overnight guests with help from Teresa and Amy. Grant as usual was nowhere to be found, probably still in bed.
As people drifted home with much kissing and hugging, I felt a sadness and also relief that we would be getting the house back to ourselves. The party has been a success, but I knew Helen would be planning our Halloween do next.
Aleesha and Amber were the last to leave after Grant and Teresa. Grant had friends from uni he wanted to hang out with, and Teresa needed to get back to the city. I arranged to visit Teresa soon. I would miss having her plump pussy, juicy ass and big tits at my disposal. She made me promise to free use her when I next came up.
Now I playfully smacked my sister in law and nieces asses at the front door when they turned deliberately, giggling. I had definitely decided I would buy them a house. I wanted them closer to me, to our family.
***
Amy had gone for an afternoon nap so it was just me and Helen around when our new cleaner Greta arrived on the dot of 2pm.
Helen wasn't kidding in how she'd described Greta. She was a gorgeous statuesque blonde, her long blonde hair tied back in pretty looping braids. Her cleaner uniform was a simple light blue button up V neck tunic with matching slim fitting trousers. The outfit was close fitting though and those long legs and ample bust were enough to get my pulse racing. I found my gaze going between her legs more than once where the fabric clung to her nicely.
She was wearing cute white trainers and a big smile as she sat and chatted with me and Helen at the kitchen table with tea and some homemade biscuits.
'Thank you for your hospitality, Mrs. Collins,' she said, her Swedish accent strong, her English very good, certainly better than my Swedish.
'Our pleasure, dear. Now, tell us about the Stockholm Academy, what did you specialise in?'
I watched Greta's clear blue eyes as she spoke.
'It was a beautiful experience. Unlike here, students and teachers are permitted to directly engage in everything, except full sex of course. I studied group, oral and submission.'
I shifted in my seat, immediately getting hard.
'When my father died serving our country, all my fees were paid, but it was no comfort to mother and I of course. My uncle was the only other male in my family who could initiate me once I turned 18, but he, er, prefers men.'
His loss, I thought. Helen continued.
'I am so sorry to hear about your father, Greta. I'm very glad that the Stockholm Academy have approved our family and my husband as your first. I have exchanged emails with your mother and she has requested pictures of your deflowering.'
Greta smiled and nodded. 'Thank you, yes. It's three years now since we lost papa, but of course I miss him. But your family is highly respected and I look forward to serving you while I'm on placement. Mr. Collins, in particular.'
Greta looked directly at me and Helen watched, smirking.
***
Helen took a long bath while I showed Greta around the house. I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was in pretty good shape, all things considered. Greta would not necessarily even need to clean today. Our guests had mostly tidied up after themselves, and Helen had probably sorted the rest whilst I slept and then had sex with Missy.
Greta moved gracefully, like a dancer, and she was polite and inquisitive, clearly an intelligent girl. I thought ahead to offering her a junior temporary position at my office as she had an interest in technology as it turned out. If things went well, I could regularly fuck her at work as well as at home.
We discussed and agreed her basic cleaning and housework duties, her hours and any flexibility she could offer. Helen would pick up the details with her later.
But today was really about her deflowering and I was keen to get started.
We had coffee downstairs on the sofa, sitting together.
'You have a beautiful house, Mr. Collins.'
'Thank you, Greta. It pales in comparison to your beauty, though.'
She blushed prettily.
I put a hand on her knee and she giggled.
'I'm nervous, Mr. Collins.'
'Don't be. I want you to relax and enjoy yourself. Why don't we start by getting you out of this uniform?'
'Yes, Mr. Collins.'
.
I unbuttoned the shy 18 year old's top slowly and spread the sides open. I was delighted to see that she wasn't wearing another layer underneath and that her pretty cornflower blue bra was lacy and sheer, matching the colour of her eyes. Her breasts were full, the creamy skin of their slopes pushed together for a perfect mouth watering cleavage. Her stomach was toned but soft, and a small blue jewel pierced her navel. She was so pretty.
I leaned in and kissed the side of her smooth and elegant neck gently, catching the scent of her light honey perfume, one hand on her side just under the strap of her bra. 'You're gorgeous, Greta. I'm a very lucky man.'
She sighed. 'Thank you. And you are very good looking, I am happy that you will be my first.' She surprised me then by putting her hand flat on my chest.
I placed open mouthed kisses up the side of her neck and then kissed the corner of her full lips and waited a moment to see if she would respond. She turned and pressed her lips against mine. They were warm and yielding and we kissed for long moments. I resisted opening her mouth and using my tongue for now, but I did drop a hand to her bra and gently caressed a breast through the lacy cup, feeling a nipple peak through the flimsy material. Her firm warm flesh felt good in my hands and my cock was tenting my shorts.
I broke the kiss and we smiled at each other.
'Stand up, Greta. I want you to turn around, get those trousers off, and bend over for me. Will you do that?'
'Yes, Mr. Collins.'
The tall blonde teenager stood up, took a few steps back and turned around, her back to me.
She unbuttoned her trousers, hooked her thumbs in the waistband and pulled them down in one smooth movement before stepping out of them.
She bent over for me, her hands on the coffee table, and my mouth dried up even as my cock throbbed. Her pale blue thong matched her bra, nestled between the pale cheeks of her young firm ass. Her long legs were toned, all the way down to her cute white pumps.
Between the teenager's creamy thighs the narrowest part of her panties hugged tight to the mound of her virgin pussy.
'Do you think I'm pretty Mr Collins?' Greta asked.
'Christ, yes.'
'Will you be my daddy?'
'Yes Greta. I'll take care of you.'
I crawled on my hands and knees to her until my face was inches from her perfect ass and started to kiss up the backs of her thighs. Her skin was warm, soft and flawless. Reaching that pert ass, I held her hips gently as I kissed her ass cheeks, moving closer to the treasure at her core.
I buried my face between those firm cheeks, and caught the clean scent of her arousal. She giggled but then groaned as I started to kiss the mound of her teenage cunt through the scrap of blue silky material. I saw that a delicious spot of wetness appeared on the material and tongued her there through it before sucking her warm pussy flesh and her panties together into my mouth.
'Oh, oh ja, oh ja,' she said, her accent thickening as I sucked at her.
I sat back on my heels and spread her ass cheeks, cupping her now firmly between her legs.
'Let's get you to bed, Greta.'
'Ja, Mr. Collins.'
***
In the early afternoon sunlit bedroom, my wife Helen looked stunning sat in the armchair by the bed in her red lacy underwear, the balcony bra and high cut panties one of my favourites. She had put on makeup and curled her hair so it fell in dark ringlets on to her shoulders. I loved her smoky sultry eye look and red lipstick. I had stripped down to my boxer shorts which I was already tenting..
Helen was watching as I explored Greta's gorgeous body as she lay on her back on the bed. She had untied her braids and now her long blonde hair was spread in softly curling waves across the pillow.
I had crawled on to the bed and started at her feet, her toenails painted the same cornflower blue as her underwear. I sucked on her toes, making Greta giggle again, a sound I enjoyed.
I worked my way up those long legs, kissing as I went, moving between each leg. She sighed as I moved. I glanced at Helen who was watching Greta's face intently. When Helen saw me watching, she opened her own legs and started to rub her pussy through her lacy red panties.
When I reached Greta's thighs she let them fall open a little, and I took the invitation, spreading them further. The skin of her inner thighs was achingly smooth and warm as I placed open mouthed kisses and I felt my erection find it's way out of the front fly of my boxers.
The slim blue triangle of her panties between those gorgeous thighs was the only thing between me and the teenager's pussy and I kissed between her legs now, pressing my lips into the fabric. I smiled as a wet spot appeared due to my attention, and Greta panted a little.
I looked up and saw she had closed her eyes, but her pale cheeks were reddened a little. It made her look even prettier.
'Lift up, Greta.'
'Yes, Mr. Collins,' she said breathily.
She lifted her bum up and I wasted no time in sliding her panties off her hips and down her legs, over her pretty ankles. I flung them over the side of the bed.
She had a lovely pussy, pink and puffy, smoothly shaved except for a small patch of blonde hair above her lips, which were glistening with her arousal.
I didn't know if I was the first to get to eat her out but either way I wanted to make a special effort for this fatherless teen.
I started with gentle kisses and licks up and down her young juicy cunt, starting with her outer lips and moving inward. She tasted both sweet and sharp, like sugared lemon juice on my tongue. I parted her lips with my thumbs and was rewarded with her pinker interior which I got my tongue inside, sweeping up to her clit which swelled out of its little hood as it responded to my attention.
I felt the mattress dip as Helen joined us on the bed and moved on her knees over to where my head was buried between Greta's thighs, taking a few pictures of me licking the teen's pussy on her phone to send to Greta's mum later.
Then my wife took over with Greta's clit, rubbing it gently and then bending to lick at the little button. I slowly inserted a finger into Greta. In common with most Academy trained girls, her hymen had either been pre broken or she was one of those girls who didn't have one. Her entrance was still tight though and I didn't want to hurt her when I took her virginity. Getting her nice and relaxed and wet would help her when I penetrated her for the first time.
Greta made little whimpering noises as I licked around my finger which I was pushing in and out a little while Helen worked her clit. Mine and Helen's heads were close together as we took care of Greta.
'Oh ja, that feels good.' Good sounded like goot when she said it. For some reason the more turned on she was, the richer her accent became. I loved that about her.
I left Helen to carry on working on Greta's pussy while I sat back on my knees and quickly took my boxers off, my hard cock springing free.
I crawled up the teenager's long and luscious body, braced up on my arms with the hot length of my cock touching her stomach, my knees by her sides.
Greta smiled up at me, the slight pout of her lips begging to be kissed, or for me to insert my cock past.
'Mr. Collins,' she said looking down between our bodies, 'You are very large, bigger than my instructors and of course they never put anything other than their tongues into me. I hope I can fit you in.'
I kissed the tip of her cute little nose. 'I'll go carefully, Greta. At least to begin with. I don't want to hurt you,' I said, brushing her gorgeous hair back from her forehead.
'I think it'll help if I think of you as my papa today. I'll never get to feel him inside me now, but I am glad it is you that gets to take his place.'
'I am too, Greta. I promise to honour him today. I will treat you as if you were my very own daughter.'
She shifted under me then, and groaned as Helen started to eat her pussy with vigour.
'Now let's get this pretty bra off, I want to see all of you.'
She leaned up on her elbows then, and I reached behind her to unclasp her lacy blue bra, slipping it off and exposing her breasts to me for the first time.
Like the rest of her, they were beautiful - large, rounded, firm, her nipples pink, the lighter pink of her surrounding areola prettily stippled. I bent my mouth, licking around a nipple, then on top of it, feeling it stiffen before taking it into my mouth and sucking gently. My hand went to her other breast which I caressed. She gasped as I let that breast out of my mouth, then kissed across her cleavage to take the other breast into my mouth, swapping my hand to now cup her other tit. Her skin was creamy, smooth, soft and warm and I spent long moments lost in kissing, sucking and caressing the teenager's tits.
Now I scooted up her body a bit, and nestled my straining erection between those tits, using my hands to push them together, wrapping my cock in the yielding flesh and sliding back and forward, my precum providing some lubrication, my head tipped back in pleasure as I tit fucked her, my balls enjoying the contact on her body too.
I put two fingers to Greta's mouth and she opened without hesitation, sucked on them gently, sending a thrill to my shaft and balls. Now it was my turn to gasp as she locked eyes with me intensely. Later, I planned to replace my fingers with my cock, and come down the Swedish teenagers throat.
Behind me, I could hear Helen eating Greta out, the juicy noise of her mouth on the teen's wet cunt filling the bedroom. Greta's eyes fluttered as her own pleasure rose and I thumbed her hard nipples whilst I continued to use her tits to wank my cock.
Whilst I could easily have come all over her tits, now that Helen had gotten Greta more than ready for me, the next place my cock would be going would be deep into her virgin pussy.
I pulled my fingers out of Greta's warm mouth.
'Are you ready, baby?'
'Yes, Mr. Collins. Yes, Daddy.'
My cock throbbed at that and I kissed her quickly, then shuffled down her body. Helen got the message and moved up the bed to lie next to Greta. At some point, Helen had taken her bra off, and her taut nipples betrayed her excitement as did her own visibly damp panties.
I got myself comfortably positioned between Greta's open thighs and took in her wet, pink and puffy pussy, her swollen clit, her pretty small blonde thatch of pubic hair.
Helen reached for Greta's hand and interlinked fingers.
I started rubbing my cockhead up and down the teenager's perfect pussy lips, spreading them open with the width of my shaft, allowing my mushroom head to rub on her clit, sawing my cock up and down her entrance without trying to penetrate her just yet.
'Oh, ja Papa. That feels good.'
The tip of my shaft was shiny with her juices, and I couldn't wait any longer. I notched my cock to her narrow opening and pushed the head in gently. She was deliciously tight. I heard her gasp, and gave her a few moments to adjust to the first presence of a man's penis inside her vagina as her lips opened to accommodate me. I heard the shutter sound on Helen's mobile phone. She had sat up and was taking a picture of me entering Greta.
'You okay, Greta?'
'Ja. Keep going.'
I did and fed another couple of my rigid inches into her, watching a.s I penetrated her. There was some resistance, so I rocked back and forward a bit without going further for a few moments.
She was panting now, and I groaned with the squeezed and slick feeling I was getting on my sensitive glans. I saw her grip Helen's hand more tightly. The phone camera clicked again.
'Oh, Greta, baby,' I said as I slid the rest of my length into her tight wet centre, in one slow and steady movement, taking her virginity.
'Oh, papa!'
I braced up on my hands now, and lowered my head for a kiss, holding my cock steady within her for now. She hissed a little then returned my kiss carefully.
'Am I hurting you, Greta?'
'Nej, Mr Collins, no papa. It doesn't hurt, but I feel so full. Am I hurting you? I know how tight I must be.'
'No, Greta. It's perfect. You're perfect,' I breathed, fully buried between the 18 year old's long legs.
She managed one of her cute giggles, but was cut off by Helen who captured her mouth and started to kiss her deeply.
Greta's arms came around my shoulders then, and she wrapped her long legs around my back.
'I'm going to make love to you now, Greta.'
'Ja, papa.'
'And then I'm gonna give you a good hard fucking.'
'Oh ja, papa.'
I started with some slow strokes into her tight pussy, stretching her out a little as I thrust slowly and gently into her wet channel, bottoming out and then withdrawing to the tip and slowly sliding back in. With her head turned to one side while she tongue kissed with my wife, it left the side of her neck exposed and I nestled my head there and kissed the exposed skin.
'
Her body responded beautifully as I increased my pace, and I watched as her cheeks reddened and the blush spread to her neck. I realised then that she was a very orgasmic young woman. Not all women could come from vaginal penetration only, but I wanted to make her come if I could. Helen's attention would help, heightening her arousal.
The wet sound of her pussy as I stroked into her kicked up my own heart rate. As much as I hoped I was turning her on, she was such a gorgeous girl I was groaning myself now, and I silently thanked the Academy for approving her deflowering by me as her cunt walls gripped me tightly.
There was space between my chest and her young breasts for Helen now to move from kissing her to take one of Greta's tits into her mouth. I took the other and between my wife and I we lavished the teenager's large firm breasts with the attention they deserved even while they bounced.
My self-control was slipping as I began now to go harder and faster into her slippery hot pussy, my cock coated with her juices, my balls slapping into her ass.
'Oh, God, Greta, you feel so good baby, so fucking tight.'
The sensations coming from my cock were spreading to my balls and up and down my back in waves as I built Greta towards a climax that I hoped would bring her as much pleasure as she was bringing me. Helen moved to give the teenager's body fully over to me and I bore down on her, her tits bouncing on her chest and then as I pressed into her, they were squashed between us, her nipples hard on my chest.
'Knulla mig, knulla mig papa! Fuck me, daddy. Oh ja, ja, ja, oh ja, oh ja!'
Now I was really pounding her, the bed bouncing and she dug her nails into my shoulders and tightened her legs around me. I was so hard and her pussy so wet, that I was able to pull all the way out and plunge back in, penetrating and re-penetrating her over and over. Helen moved to take some pictures of me screwing Greta, and the teenager unlocked her legs from around my back and I changed position, sitting back on my knees, pushing up on Greta's inner thighs, spreading her so Helen could get some close ups of my cock inside her pussy to send back to Mum in Stockholm. I slowed my pace for a while, my hands going to her large firm mounds and cupping them whilst I stroked into her firmly and watched myself going in and out of her.
In this position I could play with her clit and listened as her moaning increased, rising up on my knees now to change the angle. Then Helen was behind me, her soft tits pressed against my back, her hand cupping and rolling my balls, her voice in my ear.
'You getting close, baby? I know you like a young juicy cunt '
'Oh god, Helen.'
'Fuck that pussy, baby.'
My heart thumping, blood racing, I moved again, getting Greta's long legs wrapped around me once more as I got her back into missionary position. She crossed her ankles at my ass and hugged me tightly to her, my head buried in her neck, ready to get taken hard.
I owned the teenager's pussy as I reamed her wet centre, giving it everything I had, pumping her deep, fast and hard, balls slapping against her, her cunt warm and juicy as our bodies meshed tightly together.
She used her ankles on my ass to pull me into her, surprisingly strongly, and I could feel myself losing control as the headboard banged against the wall and I gave Greta the good hard fucking I had promised her, grunting with each in stroke as the teenager moaned out her own passion.
'Knulla din lilla flicka, papa. Fuck your little girl, daddy! Oh ja, oh ja, jag kommer! Oh ja, I'm coming, I'm coming! Jag kommer! Jag kommer!'
'Oh fuck baby, I'm coming too, oh fuck, Greta!'
We came hard together, her clenching on me with new warmth and wetness around my cock as I throbbed inside her, crying out, filling her with cum as my balls contracted and I shot my load deep inside her, shuddering with the force of it, pulsing over and over as I found release between the 18 year old's shaking thighs.
***
Now that Greta's pussy had been stretched, and she had gotten comfortable with my cock in her, she wanted to try lots of different positions. We three quickly showered together, keen to get back to bed.
Firstly I had her and Helen lie on their backs, their heads over the end of the bed as I took turns fucking their mouths, my balls on their faces, their hands gripped together on the bed.
Greta was an adept deep throater and this angle meant I could get all the way to the back of her throat. Helen knew I liked it when Greta gagged on me a little, and copied the teen even though years ago she had mastered her own gag reflex. I had two decent pairs of tits to play with and nipples to pinch as I throat fucked them both with my long thick cock.
Greta liked being taken from behind it turned out. I had her and Helen on all fours on the bed, swapping between young and mature pussies, slapping their asses, grabbing hips as I slid my cock in and out of their wet cunts. Whilst I fucked one, I fingered the other till they both came.
Later on, my youngest Amy joined us in bed, and the rest of the day was lost in a blur of tits, asses and pussies as I fucked the three women and they took turns riding me, wanking me and sucking me, pleasuring each other whilst they waited for me to recover after I came. I had spurted hard in Amy whilst she rode me, and then in Helen when I took from her behind, shooting some of my load in her and some over her ass and back.
The fourth and final time I came that day was a powerful release. Helen wanked me over Greta's big tits, rubbing my cockhead on Greta's stiff nipples, whilst Amy licked and fingered my asshole from behind. Greta sat up and sucked my cock every now and again while Helen and I tongue kissed and I fingered her slippery pussy. The pleasure was indescribable. Amy's clever finger had found my prostate again.
I finally came hard all over Greta's tits and pretty face in thick white ropes of cum and collapsed next to her, watching as my wife and daughter licked up my cum and the three swapped it between them.
***
Epilogue
My real estate guy had found the perfect place for my sister-in-law Aleesha and my niece Amber, and I bought it outright for them - once Aleesha and Amber had had a chance to look, and Helen had approved of course. There was no pool, nor even a pond at the large country-style 5 bedroom cottage as I wanted the place to be safe. There was a lovely enclosed garden though with high privacy fencing, though the nearest neighbour was a long way away.
Their place was a short drive from ours, and often on the weekends, or the odd evening I went over to see them both. More often than not I ended up fucking one of them and sometimes both in the large main bedroom with mirrored ceiling. Sometimes Helen came over and our threesome became a foursome. Those were some of the best days of my life, basking in family love. When Helen couldn't make it, Greta would sometimes come over for some light cleaning and a hard fucking. Greta had pretty much moved in with us, and I had started to think of her as my daughter.
Greta and Amber fell pregnant at the same time, as soon as all, including Greta's mum, agreed they should come off the contraceptive injection. I was excited to be a dad all over again.
Both women were the horny-when-pregnant types and in the second trimester of their pregnancies, I often took both to bed together, and fucked them both from behind or on their sides as they found it most comfortable. I'd sometimes come over their rounded bellies, but more often I pumped my seed inside them. Both sets of tits got bigger, particularly Amber's whose small glossy black tits went to medium size, her nipples even more sensitive - sometimes Greta and I could make her come by sucking a nipple each without even touching her pussy.
***
The intervening years were filled with family love and laughter. Of course we had our ups and downs. Teresa had two children with her husband Ian, a man I approved of tremendously, and every now and again we would free use Teresa together, often taking her to bed and double penetrating her, interrupting the housework, Teresa having now moved to part-time work.
Grant and Missy had travelled the world together, fucking each other and everybody they came across. I had joined them in Tokyo one weekend and taken Mitsuki's mum up on her offer, fucking her hairy mature Asian pussy whilst Grant took Missy in the bed next to us. Missy's cousin Tamiko was a petite little thing whose ass I had taken over and over when she came to visit Mitsuki. Tamiko liked to have my big white cock stuffed up her and I had made her scream with pleasure over and over.
Jane had found a man who treated her like the princess she was, and adored her. Jane returned to the Angel Academy as a tutor, and was working her way up. I could see that her ambition could take her all the way to the Principal's spot. Patty and Jeff's marriage was back on track. Occasionally Patty would come round and I'd three way her with Helen. I still had a thing for her ginger pussy.
Cynthia and I regularly fucked at work now, and as well as bending her over the desk as often as I could, she was now a senior partner at the firm. In time I wanted her to take over from me.
My relationship with my wife Helen was as strong as ever, although occasionally we argued about whether I should keep working or take early retirement. We usually settled those arguments in bed with her sister Aleesha. Sometimes my youngest Amy would join us for old times sake, but more often than not she was filming on location, her chosen acting career having taken off.
***
We had a joint 18th birthday party for my daughters by Greta and Amber. As was traditional, I had bought tight white panties for both Jana and Shanice. I was both their father and their grandfather in role, and both Greta and Amber encouraged them to call me Grandad. Greta and Amber were both strong and beautiful women who had their pick of men but they had chosen to stick with me, for which I was grateful.
That first night I took my granddaughters to bed together, slid off their cute white panties, and took turns eating their young sweet pussies out before I gave them both a good hard fucking.
Jana had my brown eyes but otherwise she took after her mother, albeit with deliciously thicker thighs. Shanice was more like her grandmother, with big brown tits and a juicy ass.
When I finally retired and Cynthia took over the company from me with her daughter Mia (a gifted cocksucker it turned out), it gave me more quality time to spend with family.
And so it was that on this sunny Sunday afternoon Shanice was riding my cock while Jana sat on my face.
'Oh, ja, ja, Grandad, eat my pussy, just like that.'
Jana shifted so I could get at her asshole as well, my tongue going between her two openings.
I reached behind Jana and cupped Shanice's big brown tits as she leant towards me.
'Oh, Grandad, your dick is really big in me today. Keep going, I'm going to come soon.'
And she did, all over my cock and balls, as I throbbed deep inside her, filling her with my cum. At the same time Jana's thighs clamped around my head as she came hard on my face, bathing me in her juices.
Family love was truly everlasting.
THE END