The temperature was a balmy 45 degrees on the 15th day of March. Wild Cat Mountain had been open all winter through what was claimed to be the coldest in 20 years, but this day seemed to stick out like a beautiful sore thumb in the cold record. The sun shined brightly and greeted Jim and Elise as they pulled into the parking lot, managing to find a space very close to the main lodge as another car left.
"Oh wow babe, days like this one are the absolute best for snowboarding. The air is warm, and snow is wet and holds an edge. This is when the real fun is to be had." Jim said as he opened the back hatch of the car and removing the boards from the back.
"Yeah, it feels really nice out." Elise returned.
The couple entered the main lodge and got their lift passes for the day, and suited up in their lighter jackets. The automated doors opened and they walked outside, strapping in and boarding the summit lift, surprisingly not having to wait in line at all, due to the lack of people at the mountain that day (most were at school or work).
After a minute of riding on the chair, and elderly old woman fell off her seat while attempting to sit down at the base of the lift, so it came to a stop and the lift attendants had to help her up and wait for the engine on the lift to start back up.
"Ah damn it. I hate it when that happens. It's always some dumb ass that slows everything down for the rest of us." Jim growled.
"Babe, its ok, it'll just be a minute. Any ways, you shouldn't get so grumpy so early on," replied Elise.
"Oh, and why not?" Jim barked back, half smiling because the joy of the warm weather could not be pried from him.
"Because I won't do this." Elise said, as she nudged closer to Jim and put a hand on his lap.
Jim perked up and sat up straight, putting an arm around Elise and enjoying the first real kiss of the day. She softly bit his bottom lip, and her hand pressed harder against his lap, as he grew increasingly harder.
"I guess it's a good thing that it's not so cold out." Jim said, as the lift began to putter up again "Awww, does that mean we have to stop?"
"Not just yet, but you might want to follow me this run." Elise said.
The couple continued their kiss, along with some more heavy petting. Jim noticed it was a strange thing to be able to feel a nipple through so many layers of clothing. The romance had come to a somewhat abrupt halt by the oncoming end of the lift. Jim laughed briefly about having to push away from the chair with an obvious erection showing through his baggy snow pants. They sat and buckled in to their snowboards, and hoped down the hill.
Weaving and turning down the slope, the conditions were just as Jim had said they would be. After a short ways down, Elise ducked under a rope on a trail that had been closed earlier that day because the mountain didn't run all of the lifts if there weren't enough people to make it cost effective. Jim grinned and showed a big smile, he always liked it when Elise took charge and broke rules. A few turns down the trail, Elise tuned around and came to a stop in a short outcropping of the trees that made up the walls along side the route, and Jim came to a stop directly in front of her shortly thereafter. He unstrapped his boots very quickly, and took advantage of the natural bondage that came with Elise still being strapped into her bindings. He pushed her back to the ground, and straddle over her, leaning down for another kiss much like the last one.
The sounds of birds chirping and wind lightly blowing through the woods was interrupted by the sound of Jim unzipping Elise's jacket, revealing her sweater beneath. He removed a glove and felt around Elise's ear, drawing his finger around the rim of it, and down her cheekbone, under her chin, down her neck, and resting on the center of her breastbone. The kiss was broken by Elise, asking "Can I un-strap first?"
"Not just yet" said Jim, as his hand now found its way up her sweater, and under her tightly held sports bra. Her flesh was so soft and smooth, and her nipples offered a contrast with their erectness. Jim teased her chest for a few more moments, and then undid the top of her snow pants, only moving them down slightly, before sending a hand down to rest under the waistband of her underwear, allowing to fingers to rest on either ends of her groin. The couple began a deep kiss again, and Elise let out a moan as Jim's finger made its way to her pussy, bringing her wetness up to her clit, and then up to her lips so she could taste herself.
"I'm getting really turned on" Jim whispered to Elise, and his hand resumed its path down her pants. Elise had since removed one of her gloves and had begun to tease Jim's eagerly hard cock through his boxers, as he let out a grunt of the initial act always holding so much pleasure.
Jim continually drove his finger into Elise deeper and deeper with each thrust, moving in a knuckle at a time, and then sliding out and quickly trembling around her harden clit. Their breaths heaved heavily as his finger laid flat and shifted up and down, touching inside of her with the tip, and the base wiggling against her nub.
"Ohhh...babe, your gonna make me cum." Elise let out, enjoying the lack of movement that was confined with being still strapped in. "ohhh, me too babe" Jim spoke back, clenching all of his muscle to hold in his cum from Elise's quickly moving hand around the head of his dick.
Jim unbuckled Elise, and she leaped on top of him like an animal, removing both of their pants down to the knees. Jim said nothing about the snow freezing his butt below him; he couldn't feel anything but pleasure. Elise squatted over Jim, and used a hand to guide his cock softly inside the beginnings of her pussy, ever-so-slightly letting just the head inside of her. They both let out a sigh of complete bliss as she sat down further, Jims cock fully engulfing her insides. The walls of her pussy formed a tight grasp around his cock, and he could feel her juices running down to his balls with each bounce. He thirsted himself forward and clenched his pelvic muscles, and Elise moaned deeply as the end of his cock slid around on her g-spot. She felt so much pleasure, that the position they had adopted was no longer appropriate, and she nearly fell off to the side with a wave of sensation.
Jim stood up, and Elise grabbed his cock, jerking him off quickly with her wetness still all around him, and then took him into her mouth, flicking her tongue around the head inside. He arched back and took a deep breath as the feeling swept over him, and Elise tried to take as much of his cock into her mouth as she could, which was nearly the whole thing. Then she backed away from it, and resumed using her hand in short, even motions around his shaft.
"Oh babe, you are definitely going to make me cum." Jim said, and Elise smiled. She crooked her neck sideways, and lightly licked his balls, keeping her rhythm with his shaft, now concentrating her short strokes to the rim of his shaped head.
"I want you to cum on my face. I want to feel how warm it is," Elise said, and she licked her lips and looked up at Jim with a sexy smile. Her hand motions grew slightly fast and faster, and Jim groaned and bent forward slightly, releasing streams of cum in a wave of pleasure. The splashes of cum nearly all landed around Elise's slightly puckered and parted lips, and she moaned lightly, using her tongue to sweep any bit of it she could into her mouth.
"Mmm, you taste to good babe." She said, as she licked and teased Jim's dick, still stroking but at a much slower pace, with more pressure, as if she was trying to get ever last drop of the warm, white goo out.
Just then a member of the ski patrol came down the trail, and stopped a good distance away from the couple, embarassingly barking out to them
"Uhh....you can't be doing that, here! I mean, you can't be here! I mean, this trail is closed. Go back down to the lifts. When you can," and then he made his way side stepping back up the trail to the rope. The couple smiled at each other, and Jim asked,
"But what about you?"
"Well, we'll get back on the lift, and see what other trails we can find." With a grin, now wiped clean. The two pulled their belongings together, buckled back into their boards, and made their way down the trail, ducking under another rope to continue back on the approved trails. They got to the lift line, and were forced to share their seats with an elderly woman on ski's, who told them about how earlier today, she had had a terrible accident getting on the lift. Jim thanked her, and she held a confused look and the couple kissed quickly in a state of smiles.