There are a few darker threads that could have led this chapter being posted elsewhere that creep in to chapter 2, but I still feel that considering the story as a whole it belongs in the Romance category.
As always constructive criticism is welcome however, I will moderate and delete spiteful comments that are made simply because the story or the way the characters behave doesn't agree with your views.
Remember it is just a story.
Please enjoy.
Check Out Girl -- part 2
Liam and Maddison had been together as a proper couple for eight weeks now and things were certainly becoming hotter between the pair of them.
He was hoping that at some point soon she would consent to him taking her virginity. However, after the things she had told him about her previous boyfriend, and his expectations, he was content to wait until she was ready.
It had become their normal routine for Maddison to come round to the flat straight from her shift at the supermarket on the Friday. So, it was no surprise to Liam to find her there when he got in from work at just before six o'clock.
Not particularly wanting to cook she had thought about ordering in but quickly decided she should wait until her boyfriend was home, to see if he agreed.
"Hey babe. I thought we might have a take away tonight. What do you think?" she called out as soon as she heard the front door close.
"Sounds great, what do you fancy?"
"I don't really mind. But not pizza, we had that last time."
"You choose. I'm going to shower."
Giving it some thought Maddi eventually ordered a Chinese take-away for them and then settled back to wait for Liam to join her.
Sitting on the couch she had the television on but she wasn't really watching it. Instead, she sat and reflected on her decision, still sure it was what she wanted.
Their delivery arrived forty-five minutes later and, opening a bottle of wine, the two of them sat down to eat. Apart from responding to the usual questions she let the meal pass her by as she sat and reflected on her choice.
After they had finished and cleared the remains of their dinner away, she cuddled up to him on the sofa to watch a film.
"Liam?" the movie had only been playing for a few minutes when she whispered in his ear, her lips nibbling at his neck.
"Yes babe?" he struggled to keep his attention on the screen as her tongue distracted him.
"I've been on the pill for a month now."
For a moment he failed to register exactly what his girlfriend had just said to him as she sat, grinning at him, waiting for his response.
"You've what." Liam suddenly sat up and turned to look at her, his face a mixture of surprise and expectation.
Maddi giggled "I went on the pill a few weeks ago."
He struggled to say something sensible "So... err... you want to... I mean you..."
Leaning in to kiss him tenderly she let her lips press against his while her tongue darted teasingly into his mouth.
Then she sat back and fixed her gaze on him, her fingers twisting nervously together. She was certain this was what she wanted, to give herself to him completely.
"I think I'm ready. I'm in love with you Liam and I want you to take my virginity."
Swallowing hard Liam could feel his dick growing to its full size and tenting out his jeans.
"I love you to Maddison, you know that. But you're sure about this? I mean it's a big step."
She swallowed nervously and nodded "I'm sure. I want you to... to fuck me."
Liam kissed her, pulling her into his arms as hers slid around his neck. It was gentle at first, their lips barely touching, then slowly he let his tongue delve into her mouth to toy against hers.
She simply groaned expectantly when his hand moved up to cup her breast and caress it through the thin material of her top.
"You... you will be gentle... won't you?" Maddison pulled back for a moment to whisper to him, her eyes never leaving his.
"Mmhhhmm..." he kissed her again, "I promise."
Her response was urgent, her fingers twisting in his hair as she returned his kisses ardently, the dampness between her thighs growing with every second.
"Take me to bed Liam.... Please. I want you to love me." she finally gasped, desperate to finally have him inside her.
Rising up off the sofa he held out his hand to her, gently pulling her to her feet and leading her through to the master bedroom. Following a step behind she could feel her pulse racing, her stomach tightening with anticipation and her heart fluttering.
Once they stood by the bed Maddison slid into his arms, kissing him passionately, as he started to slowly undress her. Peeling her top off over her head Liam discarded it onto the floor.
Running his hands down her body he began to unfasten her jeans and, with her assistance, push them down her legs to pool around her feet.
Blushing she stepped away and kicked her jeans aside, now standing in just her underwear in front of her boyfriend as he hurriedly started to strip off as well.
Struggling to help him unbutton his shirt she ended up almost ripping it off of him before unzipping his jeans to yank them, and his boxer shorts, down so he was standing before her as naked as she was.
"Oh my god it's... so... big." She gasped softly as she wrapped her fingers around his swollen manhood, "I'm not sure..... I can manage... if it will... fit."
While Liam wasn't the biggest, he certainly wasn't the smallest either. With a solid length of 8 inches and a girth of around 5" he had never had any complaints from the few girlfriends he had bedded in the past.
"Don't worry Maddison. It'll be fine I promise." Drawing her back towards him his lips found hers again, "I'll go as slow as you want."
Fumbling at her bra he struggled to undo it and, eventually, Maddi stopped him and did it for him. Reaching behind her back she grinned as she unhooked the strap and peeled it away from her small breasts.
Shyly she avoided his gaze and hooking her fingers in her little white panties she slid them down her shapely thighs giving a man a view of her naked body and shaven sex for the first time ever.
Her small 34A cup breasts were firm, topped with dark areola and hard little nipples, and stood high and proud on her chest. Her body tapered in slightly to her trim waist and then flared out again to her slender hips and pert rounded bottom.
"God you're beautiful." Liam gasped, his eyes widening as he saw her nude for the very first time.
"No, I'm too skinny." She bit her lower lip and protested softly at his comment.
"Uh-uh, you're absolutely perfect." He pulled her towards the bed, gently guiding her down onto the duvet.
Maddi lay trembling as he gently caressed her body, running his hands over her breasts he took his time to tease her nipples into firm peaks before lowering his head to take them into his mouth.
"Oh Liam... Oh god.... Ohhhhhh!" Maddi gasped with delight as he suckled on her swollen sensitive teats.
While the sensations he was creating in her were familiar they were far stronger than anything she had experienced before. Her eyes closed as she moaned softly, one hand reaching to pull his lips harder against her swollen buds.
She knew he was waiting for her to stop him as he slid his hand downward across her flat stomach, his fingers outstretched reaching towards her womanhood. And for a moment her body stiffened, her natural reflex taking over until she made herself relax.
"Please... don't stop." her sigh made him shudder with expectation.
This was what she wanted though, for him to make her a complete woman.
Gasping softly, she shivered with anticipation, as his fingers found her slit, touching her sex for the very first time.
"Liam...." She murmured, her fingers twisting in his hair as she spread her legs for him.
Maddison trembled the dampness between her thighs increasing as her boyfriend traced a fingertip along her cleft, lightly pressing it between her outer lips and searching for her clit.
The more he teased her the more she felt the need growing inside her, the embers of her pleasure starting to glow as he stoked her fire.
"Oh yes... oh Liam... oh fuck.... Aaaaahhhhhhhhhh!" she jerked, her hands clutching at him tighter while he toyed with her sensitive button.
Teasingly he slipped a finger into her dripping hole and she felt her body respond urgently to his intimate touch. Growing even wetter she shuddered, moaning softly and clinging to him as he wormed his digit deeper and started to finger-fuck her.
Maddison had often played with herself when she was alone in her bed, imagining that Liam was touching her, but this was infinitely better now he was doing it for real. She hardly dared breathe in case he stopped what he was doing.
"Yes... oh yes... oh god Liam...." Squirming as he worked his finger up inside her slit, she cried out softly.
Her juices flooded over his hand as she quivered with pleasure, his lips slowly kissing his way down from her breasts, over her abdomen and onto her thighs.
"What... what are you d... doing?" startled she hesitantly went to stop him.
"Uh-uh." Ignoring her he continued downward, tracing his tongue up along her inner thighs towards her yearning sex.
"Oh fuck... what are..... ohhhhhhhh..... ooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."
Closing her eyes Maddison sighed contentedly and opened her legs wider, allowing him to run his tongue along the length of her dripping slit, arching her back up off the bed when his mouth found her swollen clitoris.
"Fuck.... fuck... oh fuck... Liam... oh god... oh... my.... god!" her hands tightened in the sheet; her knuckles white as he began to lick greedily at her pussy.
As soon as he began to eat her Maddi knew she was going to cum. The feelings he was creating in her were far more intense than anything she had ever experienced in her life.
Eager to climax before he took her cherry she squirmed, grabbing his head and pushing his mouth against her wet slit as he started to probe into her cunt with his tongue.
Working it around and lapping up her tasty cream it wasn't very long before he had her moaning with delight as he drove her closer to her first orgasm.
"Yes... oh yes... yes, yes... oh shit.... oh god Liam... don't stop.... don't..... stop!" her thighs came together to trap his head between them as she urged him to continue.
"Urrmmmmmm... Uuurrrgggggg... Uuuuukkkkkkkkkk!" the only sounds he could make in response were completely muffled by her pussy as she ground it against his mouth.
Then almost without any warning Maddison felt the outpouring of ecstasy and her whole body stiffened, her legs tightly wrapping around his head, as she screamed out loud and shuddered through a momentous climax.
"Oh yes... yes, yes... I'm... oh god I'm... Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
He kept lapping away, drinking the female cream that flooded from her spasming vagina until, unable to take anymore, Maddi slumped back, gasping breathlessly, and liberated him.
"Enough... enough... stop..... please... I want you inside me." she finally managed to pant, releasing her hold on him.
Wiping his mouth on the back of his hand Liam moved up her body, looming above her with his erection jutting out like a lance from his crotch. She eyed it nervously, the size of his manhood and the thought of having it inside her suddenly making her anxious.
"I love you Maddi." he leant in to kiss her tenderly before pressing the engorged crown of his prick against her entrance.
"I love you to Liam... I always will." she bit her lower lip, tensing slightly at the touch of his dick.
"Are.... Are you sure?"
Maddison nodded "Yes, I want you inside me so badly. I want to feel you love me."
Slowly he pushed into her, the tip slipping easily between her soaked lips, before it met the barrier of her hymen.
"Ah... please.... please be gentle." Maddison whimpered as she felt him press against her maidenhead.
Staring down into his girlfriend's eyes he kissed her lips lightly again "I'm sorry but it will only hurt for a moment."
She nodded nervously, her eyes opening wide.
"O... ok.... Do it."
Without waiting another moment, he thrust into her firmly feeling a momentary obstruction which immediately gave way allowing his full tumescent length to enter her virgin pussy.
"AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH.... FUCK, OH FUCK... IT HURTSSS...!"
Maddison screamed and jerked violently, her fingers clawing at her boyfriend's shoulders, her body contorting as she was entered for the first time.
The sharp pain she felt when he first penetrated her quickly began to fade into a faint ache and, relaxing slightly, Maddi opened her eyes to look up at him.
He was inside her. She could feel his hardness filling her up and stretching her virgin pussy.
"Oh god Liam... you're... you're in me." she sighed pulling his mouth down to hers in a long unhurried kiss.
With his cock buried in her slit Liam returned her kiss letting her body adjust to having a cock in it for the very first time.
"Fuck me.... please.... I'm ok.... I want you to... to fuck me...." she finally spoke, swallowing hard as she breathlessly gave him permission to use her.
Taking his time, Liam eased his shaft back until just the head was lodged in her entrance. Then slowly, staring into her eyes, he pushed in again feeling her tight hole clench on every inch of his blood-streaked throbbing pole as it rasped against her sensitive vaginal wall.
Repeating his actions, he gradually increased his pace and started to fuck her, holding himself in check and pumping his hardness into her with an easy steady rhythm.
"Yes... oh yes.... oh Liam... oh god... oh god... it feels so big." beneath him Maddison squirmed, writhing against him as he pistoned his hard length into her.
Filling her with his hard meat again and again, the pain from her ruptured hymen faded rapidly and changed to a pleasure she had never known before.
Their bodies slapped together, his arse pumping faster between her splayed thighs while her back arched up off the bed. Taking every inch of his manhood in her dripping hole, she ground her hips against his urging him deeper as another orgasm built in her core.
She could see in Liam's face he was holding back, trying to ignore the need to cum that was filling his body. The thought that he wanted her to enjoy an orgasm from her first fucking sent Maddi's arousal through the roof, her pussy clenching on his prick as he pounded away at her dripping cunt.
"Oh Liam... oh god.... I... don't stop..... I'm... gonna....." beneath him she gasped breathlessly, the climax he wanted her to have building rapidly to a crescendo inside her.
Any form of cohesion disappeared and they lost their rhythm as they raced towards the precipice together. Liam ferociously hammering his prick into her writhing, moaning form, while she rolled her eyes and shuddered in the throes of ecstasy.
"Fuck... Maddi... oh Maddi.... I can't... aaahhhhhhhhhhhh!" Liam gave up the battle with himself and sheathed his rampant shaft in her one last time.
His body jerked violently, his cock spasming inside her and flooding her womb with his seed.
He was still spurting when Maddison went over the top like a rocket.
"CUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!" the shriek, that announced her climax, was loud enough to wake the dead.
Maddi's fingers twisted in the sheets while her body convulsed uncontrollably through the waves of the huge orgasm that overwhelmed her.
For several seconds they lay entwined, their bodies spasming as the ripples of their shared zenith slowly faded. The pair of them oblivious to anything apart from the sensations of the mutual climax that had completely exhausted them.
Slowly recovering his composure Liam leaned down and kissed Maddison lovingly before rolling off her and onto his back, as she snuggled in against him.
"Thank you baby, that was the most wonderful experience. Better than I ever imagined it could be." Maddi sighed, resting her head on his chest, closing her eyes as the feeling of contentment washed over her.
"I love you so much Maddison."
She giggled and turned her face up to kiss her boyfriend's cheek "I love you to, you know that."
~~~~~~ooOOoo~~~~~~
"Oh shit... it's all dripping out of me." Maddi suddenly screamed a minute later without warning, shattering the silence that had fallen over them.
Jumping out of bed with a stream of pink tinged semen running down her inner thigh she made a frantic dash for the bathroom.
Liam couldn't help but laugh as he watched his girlfriend's pert backside wiggle when she scampered across the room. As she disappeared from view, he looked at his now flaccid cock, noting with an almost sadistic pleasure the streaks of Maddison's virgin blood on it.
"Are you ok?" Liam asked her when she returned.
Maddi giggled "I'm so much better than ok."
Slipping back into bed she nestled back into his embrace "I love you Liam."
"I love you to Madd's."
She kissed him lightly on the lips "Can we do it again. Please. I want you to fuck me again."
Chuckling he kissed the top of her head "You'll have to give me ten minutes to recover baby."
She giggled again "Ok, ten minutes but that's it. Then you have to promise we can do it again."
"I promise but you might need to give me a helping hand." cuddling her to him he grinned.
With a soft laugh she wrapped her fingers around his limp shaft and gently began to play with it. Her red painted nails lightly grazing along his pulsing length.
"Oh fuck...." Liam let his head fall back onto the bed and groaned, knowing his brief recovery time was over.
It wasn't very long before Maddison had her boyfriend completely hard again, her slim nimble fingers stroking his substantial organ back to its full tumescent form.
"I like it when it's like this." She laughed and rolled away from him her eyes inviting him to take her.
Wanting him she lay back, willingly spreading her long legs wide as he mounted her for the second time.
"Oh Liam.... Oh yes, yes, yes.... fuck me... please just fuck me." she groaned as he entered her again, his rock-hard length slipping easily into her well lubricated pussy.
With their initial lust satisfied they took their time, their love making slow and sensuous to start with as he rode her, missionary style, to another mind-blowing climax. Then pulling out he turned a slightly bemused Maddi over onto her onto her hands and knees.
"What... what are you...oh yes... oh fuck." She started to object only to gasp out in delight as he slid into her again, his hands gripping her hips as he started to piston his rod into her.
Reaching for her hair he wrapped it around his fist, yanking hard and pulling her head back so her spine curved making her push her backside out towards him.
"Oh fuck.... fuck.... oh god, oh god..... don't stop.... don't.... stop!" her squealing continued as Liam took Maddi to two more glorious orgasm's, vigorously pounding her relentlessly from behind, before emptying a second copious deposit of his seed into her womb.
Totally exhausted and completely spent the pair collapsed onto the bed, laying quietly cuddling as they enjoyed the afterglow of their shared pleasure.
"Do I need to take you home?" he eventually asked as they lay in each other's arms, expecting her to confirm that her parents expected her back.
She shook her head "No, my mum knows I'm staying here tonight."
"Oh, and what about your dad?"
"My mum was going to tell him. He'll be ok about it.... I hope."
Her comment filled him with more than a little concern. Maddi's father had never really taken to him and, despite the fact she was an adult, he still seemed to want to dominate her life.
"Does your mother know what you planned for tonight?" Liam was immediately concerned about having to face Maddi's parents sometime soon with them knowing he had taken their daughter's virginity.
"Umm... not exactly. She knows that I've gone on the pill but that's all. I didn't want to say too much to her."
Making a mental note to worry about it the next time he saw them Liam pulled his girlfriend up against him holding her close.
She lifted her lips to his, kissing him lightly, "I love you Liam Cooper."
He kissed her back "Love you to."
The two of them closed their eyes and, wrapped in each other's embrace they settled down to go to sleep.
~~~~~~ooOOoo~~~~~~
Beams of bright sunlight pierced the window blind when Liam woke the following morning and found himself all alone in bed.
Sitting up he rubbed his face and had just started to wonder where his girlfriend had disappeared to when the bedroom door opened and she came in, wearing his shirt from the previous evening and carrying two mugs of coffee.
"Morning sleepyhead." Maddi smiled placing the cups on the bedside table and slipping back into bed with him.
"Morning beautiful." He kissed her affectionately and reached across for his drink, "Are you ok?"
Peering at him over her mug Maddison giggled "I'm better than alright although I am a little sore."
"So, no morning after nookie then?"
Snuggling up against him Maddi grinned naughtily "Oh I don't think I'm that sore."
Putting his coffee down Liam made a grab for her, making her squeal as she struggled half-heartedly, trying not to spill her own drink.
"Wait... wait.... stop..... I'll spill it everywhere... Liam... stop."
Squirming out of his grasp she took a second to get rid of her cup before he pulled her down onto the mattress, kissing her ardently as his hand pulled the shirt open, searching for her breasts.
Letting him grope her tits Maddi's arms encircled her boyfriend's neck drawing his mouth tighter against hers, her tongue swirling against his as the kiss deepened.
"Mmmmmmmmm..... I think someone's horny again." Maddison moaned into his mouth, lowering one of her hands to take a firm hold of his hardness.
Liam didn't answer.
Instead, he moved above her, easing her onto her back, her legs spreading wide for him letting her position his cockhead between her puffy pink outer lips.
"Fuck me Liam... I want you inside me. Please.... fuck me." she whispered staring into up into his eyes.
He didn't need to be asked twice and following his girlfriend's explicit instructions he slowly fed every inch of his erection all the way up into her tight quim.
"Oh my god...... yeeesssssssssssssssssssssss!" her cry of delight at being filled by his hardness echoed off the bedroom walls.
Feeling his manhood sheathed in her pussy Maddison lay back and savoured the feeling for a second or two before her boyfriend began to thrust rhythmically into her. Fucking her with long unhurried strokes his shaft burrowed all the way up inside her every time he drove in, splitting her pink fleshy lips open around it.
Above her he grunted with each stroke he made, supporting his weight on his arms, as he ploughed his hard dick into her wet cleft.
"Fuck... oh fuck... oh Liam... don't stop.... please just fuck me." her hands clutched at his buttocks pulling him deeper every time he slammed his length into her pussy.
Responding eagerly to the sensations he was creating in her Maddi bucked off the bed, pushing her hips upwards to meet his as he drove into her.
Keeping to a leisurely pace, taking his time and enjoying the feel of her velvet softness around his dick, Liam slowly fucked his girlfriend towards her first climax of the day.
Urging him on Maddi wriggled and jerked, taking every hard inch of his manhood between her nether lips. The pink folds wrapping around his girth, caressing it as he worked his shaft rhythmically in and out of her juicy slit.
"Shit... oh shit... shit... shit, I'm... oh god... I'm..." Maddison gasped and writhed as the pleasure started to build to an overwhelming crescendo.
"Cum for me Maddi... cum on my dick." Liam instructed her, increasing the speed of his thrusts until he was literally pounding her hard and fast, his hips slapping loudly against hers.
Flinging her arms out wide she grabbed the bedsheet, knuckles white, and arched up off the bed, her vaginal muscles contracting around the throbbing cock being driven into her.
"Liaaaammmmmmmmmmmmm..... yesssssssssssssssssssss!" eyes closed her head whipped frenziedly from side to side as she went over the edge.
"OH.... GOD.... I'M.... CUMMMIINNGGGGGGGGGGGGG!" her shrill squeal echoed around the bedroom as her body shuddered and shook violently in the throes of her orgasm.
"Aaahhhhh... Maddi.... oh fuck, I'm... aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Unable to hold back as her muscles clamped tight around his prick, Liam buried his manhood in her one last time and flooded her belly with another bounteous deposit of his man cream.
Collapsing together Liam lay on top of Maddison as they wrapped their arms about each other. Holding on to each other tightly they lay there for at least a couple of minutes getting their breath back before he eventually rolled off her and lay back alongside her still panting.
"You are something else. Do you know that?"
Turning on her side she looked at her boyfriend and giggled "You know you're not so bad yourself Liam Cooper."
"There is one problem though." he told her with a serious expression.
"What?"
"The coffee's cold now."
~~~~~~ooOOoo~~~~~~
"Have you spoken to your mum yet?" Liam enquired hesitantly.
The two of them were sitting in the living area with a fresh coffee after showering and dressing.
"Yeah, I did, while you were in the bathroom."
"And?" Liam nervously wondered what the outcome of her conversation had been.
"Well, my mum said dad wasn't too happy about me sleeping here but he's calmed down a bit now, apparently." Maddison almost casually updated him.
"You are an adult now." he pointed out the obvious, worrying about the reaction Maddi sleeping at his flat might get from her father.
She smiled "That's what my mum told him."
Liam considered her answer for a moment "So, do you think he'll be ok with you staying over again?"
Maddison pursed her lips thoughtfully "It's not his decision. Like you said I'm an adult and, if he doesn't like it, he'll just have to put up with it."
"That's easier said than done." he grinned, knowing the problems he might create for her, "You were the one who told me how controlling he can be."
Maddi frowned "He'll try to be but between my mum and I we'll manage him. I think we might have to cool it for a bit though."
"In that case I better give you this." he stood up and retrieved his spare keys from the side, "Then you can let yourself in and out when you feel it's ok to come over."
Her eyes widened in surprise as she took the key from him and studied it for a moment.
"Are you sure about this?"
His easy grin reassured her "Absolutely. Now you can come and go when you want to."
She took a sip of her coffee and leant across the counter to kiss him.
"Thank you."
"There was something else I wanted to suggest to you. Now that we've... you know... done it."
Maddi gave him a slightly anxious look "Oh what's that?"
"Don't worry it's nothing bad." he chuckled taking hold of her hand, "I thought we might go away on holiday, you know somewhere cheap and warm for a week."
Putting her mug down Maddi flung her arms around his neck and started kissing him, showing her thoughts on his idea.
"That sounds absolutely..... oh, but it will have to be after the seventeenth." she suddenly declared, "We're going to my works party. Remember?"
"As if you'd let me forget." he chuckled.
Liam knew Maddi had been excited about the two of them going to her company function for weeks. It was an annual event organised by the supermarket staff to commemorate the opening anniversary of the store that she worked in.
"The party's in three weeks. We could see what's available and book something for after the do." She suggested helpfully.
"Sounds like a plan."
For the remainder of the morning, they sat in front of Liam's laptop searching through numerous holidays looking for something that would suit both their requirements and their fairly limited budget.
It was a task that proved a lot more difficult than either of them expected it to be. They didn't wany anything to crowded and it had to be hot but, most importantly, it had to be cheap.
Eventually, they managed to draw up a shortlist of three possibilities and after some discussion settled on a final choice.
A small resort on the Costa Del Sol, it fitted just about every aspect they required. The village was small but seemed just lively enough to provide them with enough to do while the hotel they chose was small and compact with a decent sized pool.
The deciding factor was the cost. It was cheap and suited not only their needs but also their small budget.
Twenty minutes later with everything booked and a deposit paid, the pair of them went out to have lunch and celebrate.
~~~~~~ooOOoo~~~~~~
As Maddison had predicted her father was less than happy about her staying overnight and it had resulted in major row when she eventually got home on the Sunday. Although he couldn't actually stop her his disapproval did make her limit herself to a handful of nights when she stopped over and spent the night with Liam, just to keep the peace.
Not that it stopped them having sex. It just meant that Liam ended up driving her home after she had been at his place for the evening.
His puritan attitude also meant that for the moment she didn't say anything to her father about the holiday she had planned with her boyfriend.
Fortunately, not staying over with him wasn't too much of a problem as for the next three weeks Maddison and Liam were both kept really busy, with work and preparing for their trip.
Her only concern was that she knew she had to tell her father about her planned holiday with Liam at some point. Fretting about it she continued to avoid the subject until eventually, unable to put it off any longer, she simply blurted it out over dinner one evening.
"You're not going and that's the end of it." His initial response was a blunt refusal just as she had anticipated it would be.
"Dad... I'm going away with Liam whether you like it or not."
"Tom, you can't stop her she's nineteen." Her mother added taking her daughter's side.
"I can and I bloody well will."
Maddison stood up, trembling with anger as she flung her words back at him "No you won't dad. I love Liam and we're going on holiday."
"You can't prevent her going Tom and you know it."
Her father looked between the two of them, noting the look of determination on his daughter's face "Do what you want. I'm going to the pub."
With one final outburst he stormed out and left Maddi red faced with rage and her mother grinning.
Having dealt with the major issue of telling her father her vacation plans Maddison could now focus her next concern, the upcoming company party.
She had told her parents she would stay at Liam's on the night of the 17thand as planned she arrived at his flat straight from work with her overnight bag.
Being a Saturday, he was at home watching television when she entered and, after a quick kiss hello, she relegated him to the spare room to get ready. Leaving her alone in the master bedroom to make her lengthy preparations, once she had showered.
It was just before seven thirty, and Liam was waiting patiently in the living area, when Maddison finally appeared.
"Wow... you look fantastic." Was about all he could manage when she ultimately stepped out of the bedroom.
She had left her long hair loose so it cascaded over her shoulders and down her back but it was her eyes that got his attention first.
They were heavily made-up; long false eyelashes thickly covered with black mascara, a dark eyeshadow and eye liner, gave them a sultry and alluring look which made him want to kiss her there and then.
However, it was her dress which really took his breath away. The vivid red sheath had thin spaghetti straps and a plunging cleavage that was held together with three silver buckles. Revealing the inner swell of her breasts it emphasised her modest chest whilst still maintaining a suggestion of decorum.
Barely reaching a few inches below her bottom, the hem just about covered the little black thong that was the only underwear she was wearing.
"You like it?" Maddi did a twirl in her 3" stiletto heels displaying herself to her boyfriend from every side.
"Like it... I was just thinking about staying here with the most gorgeous girl in the world instead of going to some stupid party."
She giggled "No way mister. I've spent hours getting ready so we're going."
Just at that moment the doorbell went signalling that their taxi to the event had arrived.
They had decided to take a cab rather than Liam driving so both of them could have a few drinks without worrying.
As they left the flat the driver held open the rear door so Maddi could get in. Sliding indiscreetly into the back seat her dress rode up her thighs while her legs parted and Liam couldn't help but notice the driver getting an eyeful of his girlfriend's tiny black knickers.
"You know you flashed him?" he whispered quietly sitting down next to her.
"Mmhhmm.... Did it turn you on?" she giggled reaching down to lightly run her fingers across the front of his pants.
"Yes...." he managed to croak.
"Good." She whispered back, "Then I'll do it some more."
Opening her legs slightly Maddi let her hemline ride up so her black panty covered crotch was exposed to his view.
From the corner of his eye, Liam noticed the taxi driver adjusting his mirror, tilting it down slightly, so he could see all the way up between her thighs to her thong.
Liam knew he should say something there and then and put a stop to Maddison's outrageous behaviour but he didn't. It was turning him on and he was struggling with the fact that he found the idea of someone looking at his girlfriend arousing.
Reaching their destination, the cab driver jumped out to open the door on Maddi's side and she rewarded him with another glorious view up her dress as her legs parted and she took her time getting out.
"You did that on purpose?" Liam told her as the taxi drove away leaving them to make our way into the venue.
She giggled naughtily and squeezed his semi erect cock through his pants "Of course. I did it to tease you silly, you said it was turning you on."
"You're a very naughty young lady." he couldn't help but grin broadly as he realised that his girlfriend had something of an exhibitionist side that he never knew about.
"Mmhhhmm.... and you never know... I might get even naughtier later on." She hinted impishly squeezing his arm, "Just to get you warmed up for when we get home."
"Like what?" he looked at her curiously.
"You'll have to wait and see." She batted her long lashes, giggling naughtily and turning away to walk ahead of him into the party.
Once the pair were inside, they made their way through the crowd to the bar to get themselves a drink.
"Madd's!" A leggy bleached blonde with large, mostly visible breasts, rushed across to greet them.
"You're here." She hugged Maddison as Liam stood by and watched the two girls.
"Where's Craig?" Maddi asked hugging her back.
"Oh, he's around somewhere." the blonde waved her hand around casually.
Stepping away Maddi introduced them "Stacey this is my boyfriend Liam. Liam this is Stacey, my friend from work."
Liam mumbled a brief hello as a well-built guy wandered over and slipped an arm around the blonde.
"Maddi, Liam this is my other half, Craig." She pointed at each of them in turn and they all nodded another hello.
The four of them stood around chatting and drinking for a while as more people entered and a few of the other women from work came across and spoke to them. Generally, however, the men stayed away although Liam couldn't help but notice one of them, a short dark-haired guy of around his own age, leering at the two girls from a short distance away.
"Who's he?" Liam asked his girlfriend, nodding towards him.
She glanced across and frowned "That's Henry Grant, the company lecher and arsehole."
"That's harsh." He raised an eyebrow,
Maddi snorted "Not really. He thinks he's god's gift to women and he has the manners of a pig. He thinks that every girl at work wants to go to bed with him."
Liam shrugged and didn't ask anymore. He couldn't blame him for looking, both girls were stunning, each in their in their own way. While he thought Maddison was definitely the sexier of the two, he had to admit that Stacey was attractive in much sluttier way.
~~~~~~ooOOoo~~~~~~
It must have been around eleven o'clock, Craig and Liam were standing at the bar talking as they watched Maddison and Stacey dancing. The two girls had both had far too much to drink and were out on the dancefloor gyrating sexily attracting a crowd of the younger men, including Henry Grant, around them.
"Does it bother you? Maddison dancing like that." Craig asked him rather bluntly.
Liam took a moment to glance at his girlfriend again. She was grinding her backside into the crotch of a guy standing behind her who was holding her hips, much the same as Stacey was doing to someone else.
"Yes and no I guess." He answered as his cock twitching with arousal as he watched what was happening.
Craig laughed "I know what you mean. It does that to me to."
Maddi had squirmed away from the guy holding her and was dancing alone again although Stacey's partner had his arm around her, pulling her back against him as he gently moved her away from the group.
"Oops better go and make sure she's ok." Craig winked and wandered off.
Just then the music changed to a slower number.
Maddison looked straight across at her boyfriend and smiled turning back as Henry Grant stepped up to her and asked her to dance.
She was obviously drunk enough that she didn't remember or care what she had said about him as, slipping her arms about his neck, she let him pull her against him. Crushing her modest breasts against his chest he slid both his hands down her body to cup her arse and grind his crotch into hers.
Liam knew he should have stopped it then. Gone and interrupted what was happening and dragged his girlfriend away but for some strange reason he couldn't.
While Maddison's earlier moments of exhibitionism for the taxi driver had turned him this, sluttier drunken version of his girlfriend, was arousing him even more than he would have imagined possible.
Glancing around to see if anyone was watching he saw Craig grinning and following the direction of his gaze he saw Stacey in a similar clinch with another man. Her arms wrapped about him as she kissed her dance partner.
The music changed again and he turned back to find Maddi had disengaged herself from the obnoxious Henry and was walking unsteadily back towards him.
"Di ya joy ma lil formance?" she slurred, slipping her arms around his neck, draping herself against him.
"You are very drunk." he kissed her, "And yes I did enjoy it but I think we need to go home."
"Don be spoilspor, I wanna play gain." Her words were becoming garbled and difficult to understand as she took another long mouthful of her drink.
"I think you've had enough Madd's." Liam took her glass out of her hand, "We should go home."
"No yet... I wanna play sum ore." She snatched her drink back and swallowed the remainder of the contents before shoving the empty glass back at him.
"Come on let's go. We need to call it a night baby."
"No ye! Jus ge me nuvver drin." She demanded loudly before staggering away back onto the dance floor.
Liam had never seen Maddison drunk, not like this. She was normally only a moderate drinker at best and he could only stand and watch as she weaved her way back onto the dance floor. He should have kept hold of her, made her leave, but he couldn't. He had to find out how far he would let his obsession go.
Slightly unsteadily Maddi started to sway and twirl to the music, her short dress riding higher up her delectable thighs to tantalisingly flash her little black knickers to anyone watching.
Spotting her alone Henry Grant quickly moved in to dance near her again. All the while pressing himself against her at every opportunity.
Giggling Maddi responded, allowing his hands to roam across her body as she danced.
Standing at the bar his brain kept telling him to intervene and stop it, Maddison was drunk and didn't really know what she was doing. However, his hardening dick was telling him something completely different and, like most men, he let his cock do the thinking.
Watching her rubbing her slender body up against the lecher trying to take advantage of her was arousing him. He could feel his prick hardening as he watched the scene before him and although he still felt incredibly jealous, he was unable to force himself to stop it.
"We're going." Twisting round, he found Craig next to him with his arm around Stacey, who looked almost comatose as she rested her head on his shoulder.
"Yeah, I'm gonna get Maddi and go soon to."
He looked out at the dance floor "You know you should watch out for that tosser Henry. He's been trying to get into Stacey's knickers for ages and it looks like he's after your girl now."
"You reckon?"
"Yeah, he's a complete arsehole so just watch him." Craig told him before guiding his girlfriend towards the door.
Turning back to watch the dancefloor he could see Maddison swaying sexily and rubbing herself against the tosser Henry that Craig had warned him about. After everything he had said part of Liam's brain was screaming at him to interrupt them before things got out of hand while another, deeper darker, part of him wanted to wait and see what happened.
Then the music changed again and another slow tune began.
Immediately Henry grabbed Maddi and pulled her up against him, his hands going straight down onto her barely covered rear.
Obviously very drunk and barely able to stand she laid her head against him letting him place her arms about his neck.
Taking the opportunity he kissed her, his mouth descending on to hers in a long, tongue searching kiss.
Breaking away from her lips Henry glanced nervously across in Liam's direction. Then he started guiding her away from his line of sight and into an even darker corner as one of his hands slid up to grope Maddi's breast through her dress. Liam stood transfixed his eyes glued to the scene before him as the other man mauled his girlfriend's small tit, his fingers pressing into the soft flesh through the thin material.
'Enough.'he thought to himself, even though he still wanted to see just how far Henry would try to take it, and started to make his way around the edge of the venue to catch up with them.
Hurrying through the dimly lit fringes of the hall to find them Liam tried to make sense of everything he was feeling.'Why wasn't he livid with jealousy? Why was he so aroused by the sight of his girlfriend behaving like a slut? How far was he prepared to let things go?'
At first, he couldn't see them and he began to panic wondering where Henry had taken her. It was only when he walked behind a pillar and a discretely placed screen that he found them quite by chance.
Henry had propped Maddison back against a wall, keeping her arms about his neck, while he had her dress hiked up almost to her waist exposing her underwear. As she lolled against him, he was busily working his hand between her thighs clearly fingering her pussy as she unknowingly responded.
"You like that don't you.... you fucking little cock tease." Liam could just about hear his whispered comments.
It was obvious to him that Maddi didn't have a clue as to what was happening to her and, standing completely mesmerised, Liam watched her jerking in response to the probing fingers. With her thighs slightly apart and her panties pulled aside to allow him access to her sex she clung to him, moaning softly, her body reacting to the things he was doing to her.
"I'm so gonna fuck the shit out of you, you fucking dirty little slut."
With his heart pounding in his chest, he stepped back into the shadows, his mouth dry as he wondered just why he wasn't rushing to stop what was happening. He knew he should and part of him was urging him to but, for some reason, he couldn't. It was apparent she was going to cum and, transfixed by the sight, he waited in the shadows until she did.
"Ohhhhhh... fuckkkkkkkkkkkkk!" across in the darkened corner he heard Maddison groan, her body stiffening and her head snapping up as she came on Henry's fingers.
"That's it cum for me you little scrubber." His disparaging murmurs were just loud enough for Liam to hear them. "Cum before I give you a bloody good shafting."
Pulling his fingers from Maddi's obviously dripping quim his hand went to his zip, fumbling it down.
That was it, Liam knew he had to stop things now and coughed noisily, certainly loudly enough for Henry to hear.
The devious lecher looked up and hurriedly pulling his zipper closed he turned and fled, leaving Maddi leaning up against the wall with her dress bunched up and her pussy partly exposed.
The iron bar that was tenting Liam's pants was clear evidence as to how much the scene he had just seen being played out had turned him on. Not that he needed reminding. He was still trying understand everything he had been feeling as he had watched his drunken girlfriend being fingered.
"There you are." He pulled her dress down, covering her exposed panties.
Looking at him through unfocused eyes Maddison slipped her arms about his neck and kissed him "Hay baby."
"We need to go." he kissed her back before wrapping an arm around.
Tidying her up before anyone found them, he helped Maddi out to the front of the building where, no sooner had he got her into the back seat of their taxi, than she fell asleep on his shoulder.
Sighing he slid in next to her and watched the night outside the car window, still trying to answer the questions that swarmed through his mind, as they were driven back to his flat.
'Why had he let it happen? Why had he found it so arousing? Was he some sort of pervert for watching and enjoying it?'
Would he ever know the answers?