I am attending College in California and I live in a coed dorm. Last month I met Katie, my roomie for the first time. I'm Mandy. We've had a great time mostly partying at the fraternities around campus. We get in everywhere, guys like us.
I have a guy from home, Mike, who went to another school on a swim scholarship. We're still going out, but we've agreed to see other people. He came up last week on Thursday and it's been an experience that I'll never forget.
We had been to a couple of parties so Katie and I were feeling perfectly buzzed. Mike was being the sober one, because he's a lightweight. They're going through their distance part of training with two workouts a day and weights every other day. If he doesn't pace himself, he passes out early. After 1:00 am we headed back to the dorm. Katie and I were still feeling pretty good, but Mike wanted a little attention. Oh yeah, we fucked in the parking lot at the airport when I picked him up, so it's not like I'd ignored him. We decided to watch a movie in the dorm's TV room.
Katie sat on the beanbag on the floor and Mike and I sat on the couch. Everyone else was asleep, but it was the floor's TV room so it wasn't private. I sat close to Mike and began rubbing his cock through his shorts. I love feeling him harden in my hand. After twenty or so minutes went by, he whispered that he was getting close.
"I want to see you squirt," I whispered back as I stealthily emancipated his rigid tool.
I could smell him immediately. A bead of precum formed on the tip and I smeared it around his purple head making him jump and twitch in response while he tried to be quiet.
I glanced at Katie and then whispered to Mike, "I want to suck it."
He smiled, pulled off his t-shirt and lay his head back on the couch sliding his hips toward the edge and giving me better access. He likes to feel my hair on his stomach, but I was afraid that all his movement would attract Katie's attention. Fortunately, she was engrossed in the movie.
I let a couple of more minutes go by and leaned over to lick more of his precum. Blowjobs usually turn me on a lot, but this was even better than normal. I could taste and smell my pussy from our earlier fuck and we were only three or four feet away from Katie, plus we were in a partially lit public domain room in the dorm.
I like to put his cock as far into my mouth as it can go, but at this angle it barely pushed the back of my throat. Mike moaned softly and I glanced toward Katie as I came up for air, and then went down again for a couple of bobs. Coming up again, my suction broke making a loud slurping noise. My eyes flew to Katie as she glanced back at us with her mouth sagging open. I was caught.
Mike lifted his hips slightly and instinctively I went down again. Katie didn't say anything and I didn't know if Mike knew we had been discovered. His body squirmed and I pulled up to see what Katie was doing. She watched us with a naughty smile spreading across her face.
I plunged down again knowing Mike's need and feeling something new pulsing through my body. As I slurped and pumped wildly on Mike's throbbing prick my gaze locked with Katie's. I came up for air again; Mike groaned and pumping up, plastered my face with his gift. I love watching him cum. His tight stomach, up thrust hips and semen spewing into the air, compelled me to tear my eyes from Katie. It was a glorious orgasm and I relished licking up his pearly splattering.
"That was amazing," was all that I heard as I looked up and nearly bumped heads with Katie.
She was kneeling on the other side of Mike watching his wet cock twitch against his abdomen. Mike was asleep. Aside from his shorts and boxers collected around his ankles, he was naked. I was on fire, I wanted to wake him and finger my cunt so he could get hard again and fuck my brains out. I so wanted to put on a show and if Katie wanted to watch, fine, all the better.
Katie said, "You missed some."
She wiped some more of Mike's cum from my cheek tracing my lips until I inadvertently opened my mouth. I watched as her wet finger dropped to trace a vein along Mike's semi erect dick. She gently picked it up, closing her hand around it. Leaning forward, she ran the tip of her tongue across the tip gathering the residual cum that was still leaking out. I watched with fascination. Mike was comatose, but I felt a charge building within me.
"I can make him hard again," she ascertained, running her tongue down the length of his cock. "I'm really turned on," she added, "You don't mind?"
I came all over that cock you're licking, I thought, as she proceeded to lick and suck on his balls. It felt so naughty. I searched her face trying to detect if she could taste my cum. In a moment he was engulfed and she tried sucking his balls into her mouth at the same time. No luck for her, he was getting hard again.
Although my mouth ached and I knew that in a moment I could put him inside me, I leaned over and licked the base of his cock. Our cheeks brushed, her perfume, barely detectable. I felt her tongue against my neck, then her lips against my ear, "You missed another spot."
We pulled apart and she nuzzled his wobbly erection. I wanted to kiss her, instead I blurted out, "I'm gonna fuck him."
"I want you to." She responded demurely, "Take all of your clothes off first."
I felt awkward as I clamored off the couch. I glanced around the room remembering where we were and met Katie's gaze. Mike's body was lit up by the TV. Katie knelt, resting her hands and face on his hip gently stroking and licking his hardening dick as she eyed me.
"You seem to like this," I queried as I undid my blouse and shook my hair to the side.
She cocked her eyebrow at me. I slid my blouse off and undid my bra glancing into the hallway. "Your apprehension is pretty sexy," she cooed muffled by Mike's dick.
As I undid the bra I smiled enjoying her attention. Dropping the bra, I gently ran my fingers around my nipples, making them harder. "Mike likes watching me do this," I added.
With one last glance down the hall I turned my back to Katie and pulled my skirt down slowly. "Mmmmm and where did your panties go?" She murmured at me.
I spread my legs and bent over looking at her from the side. "Mike is keeping them safe in his pocket. After he fucked me in the parking lot against the car he wanted me show off for him on the way back."
I smiled wondering if she had caught on. Standing naked lead me to spread my lips apart for Katie and escalated from there. I stood bathed in the TV's light pulling my clitoral hood up while I furiously fingered myself, inserting two fingers as I gazed at Katie and Mike.
"Mandy, I'm not sure what's making me more wet, this cock in my hand or the thought of watching it push up inside your pretty pussy," Katie suggested.
I stopped teasing and came over to them. "Are you going to move?" I asked.
"Maybe." she replied as she slid away. Katie stood pulling me around to face her. "I want to see you fuck him from this side," she added.
I backed up, dropping one knee on the couch, then the second, straddling his upright shaft. I played with it, rubbing it against my lips and clit, and then I bore down on him. I rocked back and forth grinding on him.
"Play with your tits," Katie insisted.
"Katie, this is really turning me on, with you watching me. Is it turning you on?" I gasped closing my eyes and biting my lower lip as I focused on Mike inside of me.
When I opened my eyes Katie was kneeling down in front of us, pulling off Mike's shorts. She looked up at me. I pulled up as high on Mike's dick as I could while still keeping his head inside, and came plunging down quickly to do it again.
Her face was only inches away. "Lick his balls again; I think he likes that," I forced out.
Frozen in the moment, I watched her suck on his balls tentatively. Down I went feeling her breath against my clit, then up and waiting. Katie's tongue snaked up the underside of his cock, her eyes locked with mine. Down I drove, feeling her tongue separate my inner lips and tickle my clit. I couldn't get Mike in deep enough. Katie brushed gently, timidly against my clit.
Mike moaned, pulling me back onto him and thrusting deeper into me. His breathing was raspy, "That's the hottest fucking thing I've ever seen."
Katie kept sucking on my clit and licking us both I began to grunt and fought back to an upright position as the energy inside me built up. Planting my feet on the floor a couple of more good thrusts pushed me over the edge. Mike caught me as I collapsed. His cock was still hard and Katie looked so needful.
"Katie wants us, Mike," I pointed out. Her hand was under her skirt. "Let's get her naked," I added as I pulled Mike up.
In a rush, all of her clothes were on the floor and she was on her back on the couch with her legs wide apart. I suddenly felt the risk we were taking and glanced up and down the hallway before kneeling down next to Mike. He had three fingers inside her and flicked his tongue across her clit. As I knelt down he moved over and watched me as doubt and hope flickered across his face.
Deliberately, I lowered my mouth watching Katie watch me. I could smell pussy, but it was different. I parted her lips with the tip of my tongue and flicked it against her clit smartly. Her hips rose and I kissed her, lingering on her clit and hood.
We heard a door open and Katie exhaled, "Don't stop."
There was no way she could take much more of this, "Do you want me to make you cum like this or do you want Mike's dick up inside you?"
She reached for Mike and I relented. Mike was ready to climb on, but she pulled him down on the couch and mounted him reverse cowboy. Mike pounded her as Katie pulled me between their legs. I ran my tongue over them, licking her juice off of both of them. Mike released triggering Katie. I stepped back marveling how beautiful they were.
I heard footsteps rushing away down the hall and wondered who else had watched. It was time to go, but I held them for a moment, engulfing Mike's wet cock in my mouth, then gathered more of their liquid production from deep inside Katie's open pussy. Rising slowly with a partially open mouth, Katie met my gaze, pulling me close as our lips touched sharing the scent and taste while returning my lusty stare. For a racing heartbeat we shared a carnal kiss, then bent our collective gaze on Mike, who smiled back deliriously.