This story is 100% fictional and meant to be a series, all characters are of appropriate age. Please read with the purpose to enjoy it, comments and suggestions are appreciated if they are constructive and nice. Always looking for ideas so please share if you have them and if you are interested in being included in a story drop a message and we can figure it out.
Chapter 1: Introducing Laura
Laura woke up to the obnoxious sound of her phone's alarm, she considered hitting the snooze button but like every other morning she didn't. She groaned while reaching for it blindly and turning it off. Slowly she pushed off the duvet and sat upright on the side of the bed. She sat there not moving, naked and staring into space. Finally, she staggered over to the washroom and picked the short terrycloth robe from it's hook and put it on. She cinched it tightly around her waist as she moved into the washroom to look in the mirror. It had been a long night at work, she could see it in her eyes but in the end very successful. Feeling a little more awake she started her normal routine of washing her face thoroughly, it was something she was very particular about especially now in her thirties. Even though she could still pass for being in her mid-twenties, it took a lot of effort to keep her youthful appearance. She ran her fingertips over the handful of tiny light freckles on her cheeks, she had been told they made her look super cute. When she was a kid, they used to annoy her but now she loved them. She then put her hands into her long, thick, wavy dark brown hair checking for split ends and anything grey. Having found none, she pulled it back into a ponytail and moved on with her inspection.
Laura opened her robe, her eyes moved up and down looking at her naked body in the mirror. She was in fantastic shape, running and yoga almost daily while also training in kickboxing and jiu-jitsu. Her breasts always got her attention, they were large (38C) and firm, showing no signs of sagging and looked great. They made her waist seem even narrower than it was and accentuated her curvy hips. She was completely smooth between her legs having freshly been waxed and her skin was tanning normally. She had a natural tan all year round thanks to her family being from the Mediterranean for generations but as summer progressed, she was getting darker. Finally, she let her robe slip from her shoulders and fall to the floor. She turned around and looked back to check out her bottom. It was firm and heart shaped, a product of hard work and an equal attention getter to her breasts.
Satisfied by what she saw, Laura walked into her kitchen naked. She lived alone, having been divorced from her husband and found there to be no reason to cover up at home if she didn't want to. She retrieved her favorite mug from the cupboard and poured a freshly brewed cup of coffee. She let out a contented sigh tasting it while moving over to the windows which were floor to ceiling. She opened the blinds and looked out at the city, the sun was rising and there was very little happening on the streets. She knew that anyone looking over from another building might be able to see her standing there naked but didn't care. She realized her exhibitionist side shortly after starting the business with Eric, her ex-husband. There was something that excited her about others lusting after her, she often fantasized about strange and powerful men having their way and even found it arousing when other women seemed interested. The more intense and animalistic the person the greater it seemed to turn her on.
When she split up from Eric, she knew she wanted a different home. She immediately bought a condo, not wanting to look after a house and the property. Instead, she wanted it to be easy and she loved what she found. She also felt safe in her condo, thanks to the security in the lobby which was very important given her business. Laura had decided to start her own private investigation agency called Shadow Investigations. She couldn't dream of another line of work that she wanted to do more, she loved the business that she had with Eric so branching out on her own seemed the most logical thing to do. So, she found a small, low rent office and hired two people to work with her. She hired an administrator named Nikki and another investigator Billy
Once she finished her coffee, it was time for Laura to go for a run. She dressed and went out to catch the elevator riding it down to the ground floor. She walked toward the entrance passing the night shift security guard at the front desk, who hadn't been relieved yet since it was only six o'clock.
"Good morning." He said giving her a big smile.
"Good morning Archie." She answered shooting the fifty something year old black security guard a warm smile and wave.
She liked the man, and this was their usual routine. Sometimes she would stop and chat with him but this morning she was pre-occupied with her thoughts and wanted to run. The man really liked to see her, he appreciated her friendliness, and he especially appreciated seeing those little red gym shorts and tight white tank top.
"Have a good run." He called out to her admiring her ass as she left the building through the heavy glass doors.
Laura was aware he checked her out, she encouraged him finding it fun to give the man a small thrill knowing he was harmless. There was also something about him she found attractive, even if he was twenty years older. He had a sophistication about him that she was drawn to, but there was also something dirty about having him lust after her that turned her on. She took off running down the lit path behind the building, it was a wooded area that opened into a large, beautiful park. The morning was warm, and Laura was working up a sweat quickly, she was feeling very anxious and planned on arranging a booty call with a casual friend that night. She stopped to tie her hair into a ponytail again as it had fallen into her face. She saw a male jogger coming and waited until he was near, she put her arms up to tie her hair which pushed her breasts out, she gave him a sly grin as he checked out her tits in her tight top. He boldly slowed down and smiled appreciating the little show before running off. Laura felt a tingle having been gawked at and noticed her nipples had gotten hard. She continued her run through the park and as she exited decided to stop to get herself a drink at the corner coffee house.
She opened the glass door and walked inside; scanning the counter to see if Anton was working. She saw him taking an order, but it looked more like flirting with the young woman placing it. Laura smiled as she took her spot in line, that is how their casual hookups started. There was no jealousy, their relationship was sexual only, they had nothing else in common and both agreed it worked.
"The usual." She said when it was her turn. "Oh, add in a large regular coffee too."
Anton gave her his best smile and went off to get her caramel macchiato and the extra coffee. When he returned with the drinks and set them down, he noticed her nipples pushing against the thin fabric of her top.
"Busy tonight?" He asked in a hushed voice.
"I'll be working late but after that I'm free. I'll shoot you a text, okay?" She answered allowing herself the pleasure of looking him up and down.
"Don't worry about the time." He answered giving her breasts a hungry look.
"Eyes up here. I have feelings you know." She teased.
He leaned in close to her, "I don't care about your feelings, it's all about that hot body and what I want to do with it."
Laura laughed as she turned away heading for the exit. She exaggerated her walk to give him, and anyone else watching, an entertaining look at her ass. She could hardly wait to have Anton fuck her, she walked quickly back to the building and stopped at the entrance. It was after seven, Archie was gone, and Debbie was now working.
"Here you go." Laura said setting the coffee down on the marble counter.
"You are the best!' Debbie replied in her British accent. "Good run?"
"Not bad, saw a cute guy in the woods but other than that nothing special."
"Was your hot young stud working this morning?" She teased knowing the arrangement Laura had with the barista.
Laura laughed and nodded her head as she sipped her drink. She really liked Debbie and had befriended her which was unusual. Laura did not have many female friends. There was just something about Debbie that made her feel comfortable and so she shared more than normal.
"Yep, he's coming to watch some Netflix tonight." She finished with a wink.
Debbie watched her go to the elevator, like Archie she loved Laura's ass along with the rest of her body. She wanted nothing more than to touch, kiss and lick her all over, as well as be her friend. She desperately wanted that same arrangement Anton had with Laura, though Laura did not know.
Chapter 2: Shadow Investigations Office
A little later that same morning, Laura parked her car in the alley around the corner from the office. She had dressed casually which was normal, in tight blue jeans, a red halter top tied behind her neck and a pair of red heels. She walked around to the front and saw Nikki. She was locking her bicycle to the pole just a few feet from the door. Laura smiled seeing her, she found Nikki to be a breath of fresh air, unassuming, sweet, and hard working. She also thought she was very quirky. The woman had a license but rode her bicycle everywhere, which was why she was in such great shape even after having three kids. Laura stood watching not making any noise, it was oddly fascinating to her. Laura noticed she wasn't the only watching Nikki, the shop owner across the street had been sweeping the same spot for a couple of minutes. He was obviously checking out Nikki's gorgeous legs and ass, Laura could not blame him as she was looking too. Those cut off jean shorts would make Daisy Duke proud and her bending over and struggling with the lock was quite the view.
"I think you need a new lock." Laura said surprising Nikki.
"You might be right." She answered back with a laugh as she finally got it to work.
Nikki smiled brightly at her boss as she stood up straight and stretched. Laura laughed on the inside knowing her blonde administrator was giving the guy watching quite a show without even realizing it. Nikki's top lifted revealing her flat stomach and a glimpse of her pink bra. She was the same height as Laura (5'7") but leaner, her breasts were smaller (34B) and blue eyed. They chatted as they went inside together, Nikki was excited that her kids were going to be spending the week at their grandparents. Laura thought Nikki was very impressive, managing three young kids by herself since her husband left, working full time and always being pleasant. She had never seen her be down or grumpy.
"Maybe I can go with you tonight?" She asked Laura, her eyes pleading to be included in a case.
Laura could see she was starved for some excitement, she told her she would think about it. The woman was super curious and wanted to get more involved. Part of Laura wanted to protect her from the sleazy side of the business as sometimes lines were blurred and crossed, even more of a concern was it could be dangerous.
"We'll see. It can get pretty sketchy, you sure you can do it?" Laura asked trying to put some doubt into her mind.
"I'm not always nice you know." She answered looking a little irritated. "I know you do things that are not always considered proper. I can get my hands dirty."
"Did someone say getting dirty?" Billy's voice shot through the office. "I'd like to see that."
Laura noticed Nikki's cheeks turn red, she suspected she had a crush on the loud and often obnoxious male investigator. It only made the woman cuter; she was thirty and reminded her of a high school girl fawning over the bad boy.
"You look like hell. How's it going?" Laura asked wanting to know about the special case he was working on.
"It's been rough, three straight nights of trying to fit in, you can guess." He said with a bit of a laugh that told Laura he was tired and there was something else. "I'm meeting with Gene, the street boss and he's bringing our target tonight to meet me. I need to bring a hot girl with me, but I would like it to be someone I can trust too."
Laura realized he was asking her to be that hot girl, that meant dressing up like a whore and following his lead. She also knew this was a different level from the routine spouse cheating or theft cases, it was a special case they took on for a friend on the force. They were trying to identify the head of a local sex ring that was growing quickly, and it was sensitive because rumor was it touched City Hall. Hence why they needed someone outside to investigate. With a little help from the friend on the force, Billy was able to pass himself off as an up-and-coming player and someone who could get quality girls. They had concocted a whole backstory and fudged some records to pass any initial checks. Laura paused thinking about her other case and made her decision.
"I'll do it but only if Nikki can cover for me." She said looking at Nikki.
"Sure! Tell me what to do." She answered way too quickly.
Laura took her time and explained to Nikki the case and what she had arranged. It was simple, just a cheating husband who every Friday was picking up a hooker and taking them back to the same motel. His wife hired Shadow Investigations to get the proof in pictures and offered to pay them a lot if they could close it fast. Apparently, the wife stood to make a lot of money in a divorce. Laura told Nikki how she had followed the husband to learn his routine over a few weeks, then worked on the night shift manager of the Quick-Stop Motel to agree to help her out.
"And he agreed to help you?" Nikki asked surprised anyone would be willing to get involved.
Laura sighed and laughed lightly, it wasn't too difficult with the guy barely being in his twenties and easily manipulated by a good-looking woman. She quickly realized he was a bit of a pervert when he was hitting on her within minutes and making suggestive comments, that made it easy. Laura teased and flirted; in no time he was happily planning with her what to do.
"When he gets there, he'll be given the room at the very end. You'll go around the back of the motel, there is a small window you can take the pictures through. He'll set something up for you so you can do it and don't worry it's completely secluded so you shouldn't be interrupted."
"Sounds easy enough." Nikki commented as confidently as she could.
"I'm telling you he'll be a pest and drooling all over you, but the bottom line is we need to get those pictures." Laura said stressing what the end goal was.
Nikki felt the pressure, but she wanted to do it, she was finally going to be a bigger part of the team and be more like Laura.
Chapter 3: Quick-Stop Motel
Nikki arrived at the Quick-Stop Motel; it was even sketchier than she imagined. The neon flashing sign advertised renting rooms by the hour which made her shake her head. She flipped down the visor and checked herself out in the small mirror. Laura had told her not to go heavy on the makeup because her innocent, fresh look would work better with the manager, but she should dress to show off her best features. Nikki had thought about it, she wanted so much to be successful she went out and shopped that afternoon. She found a sexy black romper, it was tight and highlighted the shape of her ass, barely covering it, and paired with a pair of four-inch heels showed off her toned legs. What sold her was the zipper in the front that ran from neck to waist, she took a deep breath and undid it almost halfway. Nikki didn't have the big boobs like Laura, but they were still nice and firm, she didn't need a bra and chose not to wear anything underneath including panties.
"Showtime." She mumbled to herself, grabbing her purse which had the camera Laura had given her.
Her heels clicked loudly on the pavement as she walked to the office, she wasn't comfortable in the shoes but knew they looked sexy. She fought her nerves with every step and nearly jumped hearing the bell jingle when she opened the door.
"You must be Nikki." The man said from behind the counter. "Laura called and said she wouldn't be coming tonight but she was sending her best girl."
"Thanks. She told me how helpful you are being. It's really appreciated." Nikki answered without missing a beat giving him a smile.
The man was every bit as sleazy as Laura suggested, his gaze moved all over her body without concern of what she might think. He also had little to no filter at all, saying out loud whatever came into his mind.
"You have a great ass." He said bluntly stepping around behind her to have a better look.
It was shocking to Nikki, but she kept a straight face. She turned to look at him over her shoulder and with a sly grin replied in a way that would have made Laura proud, "I'm more than just a hot piece of ass."
The man laughed loudly; he liked this blond woman a lot. He completely agreed with her, she was also a set of legs, tits and had a pretty face that he wanted to have down in his crotch. Over the next twenty minutes they made small talk, Nikki had started to enjoy playing the role of sexy investigator, it was not her normal way at all. Nikki felt an urge to explore this sexy side of herself more, she leaned on the counter as they talked giving him an obstructed view inside the top of her romper. He noticed right away and stared at her breasts; she felt a huge rush of adrenaline knowing what he was seeing.
"Your guy is here." He said noticing the headlights of the car pulling into a parking spot.
A moment later the man came into the office with his hooker du jour, he was an average looking guy carrying a few extra pounds but not someone who looked like he had to pay for sex. He gave Nikki a good look before addressing the manager to get the room. Nikki thought the hooker was young, in her early twenties and she was blessed with some large breasts. She was dressed for the occasion in a semi-transparent black dress that hid nothing at all.
"Room Twelve, it's at the end." The manager said to him with Nikki standing there still leaning on the counter pretending to ignore them.
The man checked out her ass again and gave Nikki a smile, she realized he thought she was a prostitute too. They left the office for the room, once they were out of sight Nikki took out the camera from her bag and snapped a picture of the registry where he had signed in.
"Can you show me where to go?" She asked the manager.
He took Nikki outside leading her around to the back of the building, it was very dark and private. The man had already set up a small platform made up of cinder blocks with a wood pallet on top. Nikki was careful stepping up onto it trying not to get her heel caught. The last thing she wanted was to make a bunch of noise and get caught back there with a camera. She steadied herself and looked in through the window. They were standing together at the foot of the bed talking, he gave her some direction and sat down with his legs apart. She knelt on the floor between his legs, she undid his pants and fished out his semi-erect penis. Nikki felt a wave of excitement, she had never watched others having sex before. She readied the camera and took her first picture.
Nikki was focused on what was happening in the room and what she was seeing through the lens of the camera, forgetting about the motel manager. He hadn't gone anywhere, only standing back a little to admire her legs and ass while she stood perched on the platform. Nikki had never felt like a voyeur before, but she was enjoying it, she was mesmerized as the hooker started giving the man head. She took several pictures of the woman sucking cock, she seemed to be really good at it. What Nikki didn't see was the manager inching closer to her from behind, rubbing himself through his pants. His eyes were locked on her legs and ass, he wanted to run his hands all over them. They moved to the bed after stripping off their clothes and the girl slowly rode him. Nikki's heart was beating faster as the action grew more intense, she was also feeling aroused.
The manager leaned in close to her legs, he could almost taste her. He couldn't resist temptation any longer and placed his left hand on the back of Nikki's leg just above the ankle. Nikki twisted her head around quickly nearly losing her balance. The manager held his finger to his lips motioning for her to stay quiet and then pointed to the window. Nikki understood, if she said anything or made him stop, he was going to blow everything for her. She took a deep breath making her decision, she widened her stance a little and leaned forward slightly to give him an even nicer view of her ass while taking more pictures.
"Fuck yeah." He mumbled while caressing her calves, admiring her toned muscles and the smoothness of her skin.
He was hard as a rock, he fumbled with his free hand pulling his cock out from his pants. Nikki heard him rustling around but didn't look, she knew what he was doing. The man in the room positioned the hooker on all fours and for a moment Nikki closed her eyes imagining it was her inside on the bed. She tried not to react feeling the man's hand moving up her leg, his fingertips caressed her moving from the outside to the inside of her thigh. Nikki swallowed hard as she took a few more pictures of the man fucking the girl on the bed. The manager reached for her ass and squeezed it sending a shock through her body. Nikki gasped as his fingers dug into her cheek, she turned and looked back at him. He was stroking himself wildly while touching her. There was no stopping whatever was going to happen now, she had the proof needed but couldn't risk abruptly leaving.
"Come down here." The manager said in a hushed voice.
Nikki put her camera away inside her purse and climbed down carefully. He again put his finger to his lips for her to be quiet before spinning her around and pressing her up against the hard brick wall.
"I think I deserve a little relief, don't you? I helped you and your boss, put up with both of your cock teasing." He whispered taking her by the hand and pulling it toward his hard cock.
Nikki shook his hand off her own, giving him a dirty look. She reached back and took a hold of him herself squeezing his cock. He was long and thick, her hand moved along his shaft up and down. As she stroked him, he slipped one hand around her front and pulled the zipper down further. She let out a soft moan after his hand slipped inside her romper cupping a breast. He tugged on her nipple which was hard. His other hand gripped her ass roughly, his middle finger pushing between her cheeks. Nikki loved the crudeness of how he groped her, she pumped him faster while he continued groping her.
"Make me cum." He directed Nikki as he moved his hand from her ass to between her legs.
Nikki moaned feeling the pressure of his fingers against her pussy, he rubbed up and down through the thin fabric. She had one hand high up on the wall for support while stroking his cock, he was breathing hard in her ear as he got closer to a big release. Nikki was already there, her body tightened and the man rubbing her pussy vigorously felt her cum. He smiled as she twitched and the material between her legs grew wetter and wetter.
"Damn your pussy is so wet." He said to her.
Nikki turned to face him as she worked his hard cock faster. He opened the front of her romper to look at her bare tits, he stared at them and leaned in to suck on her nipples. She let out a small moan as she wondered if Laura did this all the time on her cases. His cock pulsed and she felt the warm cum spill over her fingers. She grinned as he shot multiple times and even hit the wall. Nikki kept stroking until he began to soften having been fully drained.
"Let me walk you back to your car." He said as he stepped back and put himself away.
"Such a gentleman." She said sarcastically while pulling up her zipper and following him out to the parking lot.
Chapter 4: The Meeting
Laura walked out of her office having just texted her booty call to tell him it wasn't happening because of work. She was frustrated and it clearly showed on her face but that didn't stop Billy from smiling ear to ear when he saw her. She was dressed for the meeting and Billy didn't even try to hide what he was thinking.
"Don't you dare say a word." She said knowing the filthy thoughts that were going through his mind.
She was stunning from head to toe. Laura knew how to create a sexy look and she was a combination of youthfulness (face) and over the top sexy (body). She had put her hair up into a high ponytail and went light on the makeup trying to keep a younger appearance. Billy found her breathtaking as he looked at her, his eyes moved from her face downward. He loved the sexy gothic style choker; aside from the cool look she had hidden a spy camera within the pendant to record the meeting and capture the proof. Billy's eyes kept moving to her bare shoulders, and then to her breasts which were barely contained by a shiny black latex tube top. He was in love with her tits.
"Don't forget to blink." She chastised him and laughed weakly.
He exaggerated a couple of blinks as he checked the rest of her out, her bare midriff and the matching black latex mini skirt that just covered her bottom caused a stir in his pants.
"You've got some nice legs." He told Laura as he looked them up and down, they looked longer than normal in the four-inch stilettos. "You look perfect."
Laura waved him off, trying not to let his attention effect her but she did enjoy the compliments and lustful looks, but it only reminded her again that her booty call was postponed. She noticed he was looking even rougher than earlier, his brown hair was a little messy and he had a five o'clock shadow, she knew though that was probably better than looking well rested and clean shaven like he did normally. Even his clothes were way more casual than usual, he was wearing faded blue jeans with a striped dress shirt (untucked) under a dark blue sport coat.
"Thanks, I think. We should get going." She answered while moving passed him to the door.
It felt like a long drive as Billy took them into a notoriously crime ridden neighborhood, it was known to for gangs, guns, drugs, and prostitution. They turned a corner and pulled up to the house matching the address Gene had given him. He parked on the street and they both took notice of the two very large men standing outside on the porch. They were clearly there to make sure nobody unexpected went inside.
"They look friendly." Billy said sarcastically to Laura. "No doubt they have guns."
"For sure." She said a hint of tension in her voice.
Laura knew he was right, they needed to be careful and not have their cover blown. They got out of Billy's car and walked to the front door. The men stepped in front of them. They both dwarfed Billy and were easily two hundred and fifty pounds of muscle each.
"What do you want?" Asked one of them with a thick Russian accent.
"Gene is expecting us." Billy answered calmly not showing any sign of being intimidated which impressed Laura.
The two gorillas looked them both over, the one who spoke to Billy patted him down checking for weapons, or a wire while the other did the same to Laura. Laura felt his strong hands grip both of her breasts, her ass and even between her legs. Something about how he manhandled her turned her on immensely. He smiled at her as he stepped back onto the porch.
"Go ahead." The one who frisked Laura said, also in a thick Russian accent as he opened the front door.
They stepped inside the house, it looked just as rundown inside as it did outside. It was small, open concept with a living room, small kitchen, and a bedroom in the back. The living room had a large L-shaped couch and glass table where Gene sat with a naked woman beside him.
"Nice place." Billy joked making Gene laugh who stood up to greet him.
"Yeah, I know but no cops come down here which is what the boss wanted." He answered and gestured for them to sit. "This is Sugar."
The woman smiled at Billy and Laura. She was an attractive curly haired strawberry blonde, with a nice body. Laura guessed she was probably around the same age, but she looked a little harder probably because of her lifestyle.
"This is Laura." Billy introduced.
"Very sexy." Gene replied eyeing her up. "She's one of your girls?"
"My best one." He confirmed.
It felt weird being talked about as if she were property but to a man like Gene that is what she was. Laura kept smiling while the men exchanged jokes and comments about their women. She caught Gene's eyes on her legs, she purposely uncrossed and then crossed them again slowly giving him a glimpse of her little red lace panties. Gene liked what he was seeing a lot.
"Get us a couple of beers." Gene ordered Sugar. "Then you and Laura can have a treat."
Sugar obediently jumped up from the couch and went into the kitchen. Billy watched her naked ass wiggle as she walked and then bent over in the fridge to get the drinks. Laura saw him staring and felt an odd feeling of jealousy, it wasn't because she had feelings for him, but she didn't like to share the attention. When Sugar returned, she handed the men their drinks and looked to Gene who produced a small package of white powder. He handed it to her, and she poured it onto the glass table. Sugar quickly cut it up into lines and looked at Laura with a smile. Laura's heart sank, she didn't want to do it. She hated to give up control but there was no choice, it was expected.
"I'll be right back." Gene said as he went into the bedroom with his phone.
Sugar went first snorting up a long line, Laura could tell this was a regular thing for her. She offered it to Billy next, and to Laura's surprise he didn't hesitate. He had a sheepish look for just a moment as he made eye contact with Laura but then Sugar offered it to her.
"Thanks." Laura said to the other woman as she leaned over and did a line too.
A moment later Gene returned, sat down next to Sugar and put his arm around her.
"Everything good?" He asked Sugar, who nodded yes. "Excellent. Our man says he is running late but will be here so not to go anywhere."
Laura's head was getting cloudy as the drug settled into her system, but she understood they were just tested and fortunately passed. Gene and Billy started to talk more about the business and why the need for so many new girls, and specifically the type he wanted to get from Billy.
"I can do that, just need a few days to get everything in line." Billy lied convincingly.
Gene kept looking at Laura, she was becoming more and more afraid that this might go further than either her or Billy wanted.
"If you have anymore like her I would be interested myself." He said to Billy nodding his head toward Laura. "Bitch is hot."
"She is fucking hot." Sugar said surprising Laura.
Sugar smiled at Laura as she placed her hand in Gene's lap, she undid his pants and pulled out his growing dick. Billy coughed and then laughed surprised by the move which made Gene grin. Both Billy and Laura knew this was another test. Sugar stroked him until he was fully erect, Gene had a good-sized cock and clearly, he was proud of it.
"Looks like you have her trained well." Billy said with a chuckle turning to Laura.
Laura knew what was expected of her, she had never seriously considered doing anything sexual with Billy before, but it was now a reality. She gave Sugar and Gene a playful smile as she reached for Billy's jeans. The front of his jeans tented out already, Laura felt a strange excitement as she felt him through the denim. She undid the button and then pulled down his zipper. She looked into his eyes as she reached in and pulled out his hard cock. Billy couldn't believe it, he looked into Laura's big brown eyes as she started stroking him in front of the other two people.
"I'm trained well too." She joked making them all laugh.
The girls worked the men's cocks as they casually talked, Gene reached between Sugar's legs and started playing with her pussy. Billy knew it was now a game, he had to respond by doing something to Laura. He put his arm around her pulling her into him tightly. Then he tugged at the front of her tube top, pulling it down and exposing her breasts. Laura let out a gasp when Billy began groping her.
"These are the best tits." He said crassly.
"How about we switch things up? Consider it a talent exchange." Gene suggested.
Sugar was first to stand up, Laura suspected she had been passed around many times before so not shocked by the development. Laura followed her lead though getting to her feet, the room spun a little, but she regained control quickly and switched spots. Gene did exactly what Billy did, putting his arm around her and pulling her in tight to him. Laura automatically reached for his big cock and curled her fingers around him. She grinned as she stared at it, it was large and really hard.
"You like my cock?" Gene asked seeing her reaction after she started pumping it.
Laura nodded her head agreeing, she felt her cheeks flush realizing how she must look to Billy. Sugar sat down next to him and rested her head on his shoulder. Her hand found his cock and she giggled as she started to stroke him.
"This girl has some amazing tits." Gene said while grabbing a tit as if it was a compliment to Billy about his property. "Show Billy what your special talent is Sugar."
Sugar gave Billy a smile while putting her head down into his lap, he moaned right away feeling the head of his cock taken into her warm mouth. Sugar sucked on it slowly while continuing to squeeze and stroke his shaft. Laura looked over at Billy, again they made eye contact as Billy moaned. The woman knew what she was doing, and her talent was real.
"Jesus, that is fuck'n great." He answered making Gene smile.
Laura's grip around Gene's cock tightened as she jerked him faster while watching Sugar suck Billy's cock. Gene turned her head to face him and then kissed her on the mouth, forcing his thick tongue between her lips. Billy felt anger seeing him kiss her like that but there was nothing he could do. Laura was succumbing to the situation; her body was charged, and she wanted sex and it didn't matter with who. She broke the kiss with Gene herself and moved onto her hands and knees beside him on the couch. She leaned down and started to lick the swollen head of Gene's cock. Gene grinned as he reached down and pulled her skirt up revealing her ass and tiny panties. He gripped her ass cheek roughly on one side and then the other.
"Love this ass." He muttered out loud.
Laura heard him, she pushed has ass up higher encouraging him to touch it as she bobbed up and down on him eagerly. Billy just stared seeing Laura pleasuring Gene was surreal. She was acting just like the whore sucking his own cock except she looked like she was enjoying it. Billy pushed down on Sugar's head forcing her to take him deeper into her throat as he watched Laura. Gene pushed her panties down the back of her legs, so they were at her knees. He licked his fingers lewdly before reaching between her thighs and feeling her pussy,
"Nice and wet." Gene said as he pushed a finger between her lips and inside.
Laura groaned with her mouth wrapped tightly around Gene. He moved his long skinny finger in and out a few times before adding a second. Laura closed her eyes as she continued blowing him, he fingered her faster which she loved.
"Do you want me to ride you?" Sugar asked Billy snapping his gaze away from Laura and back to her.
He nodded and shifted on the couch as Sugar straddled him. Her pussy was soaked as she slid down his cock until she was sitting flat on top of him. Billy sucked on her tits as she bounced in his lap, not only was she good at sucking dick but she was a great lay. Laura heard the loud moans from the other woman, she lifted her mouth from Gene's cock and licked him all over as she looked over at them. She saw Billy thrusting up into Sugar and wanted to know how that felt. Suddenly her body started to shake, Gene held onto her tightly as he fingered her as hard as he could. Laura cried out.
"Good girl, cum for me!" He ordered her.
Laura focused on how good it felt, her pussy clenching around his fingers as he successfully pushed her over the edge. She kept her ass up high for him as her juices covered his fingers and ran down the inside of her thighs.
"Faster." Billy told Sugar smacking her ass cheek.
She smiled and let out a gasp, her body slamming down on top of him. She rode him as hard as she could, her tits bouncing wildly in his face. Laura turned to see them, she heard Sugar moaning and Billy grunting. Billy's thrusts were short and rapid, his breathing very heavy and Laura knew what was about to happen. Billy let out a deep groan as he came inside Sugar, she could see the mixture of her juices and his cum on the shaft of his cock as Sugar continued to slide up and down on him.
"Finish me." Gene told Laura guiding her mouth back around his cock.
Laura wanted it badly now after seeing Billy cum inside Sugar. She sucked his cock hard and pumped his flesh even harder. Gene threw his head back and moaned while Laura hungrily took every inch of him. Both Sugar and Billy watched as Laura worked to make the other man cum.
"That's it baby, cum in her mouth." Sugar said cheering Gene on.
Laura felt his cock swell and pulse, he groaned as he exploded in her mouth. Laura tasted the man's strong load as it covered her tongue and shot into the back of her throat. She kept pumping him, milking every drop and swallowing it all. Gene pulled her head up by her hair, Laura's eyes were glazed as she was over the top aroused.
"This bitch is incredible. I want her too." Gene said to Billy.
Before Billy could reply the front door opened and in walked the man he was there to meet. Billy recognized him from his occasional appearances in the newspaper, it was Mitch Moore.
"You know who I am?" Mitch asked Billy as he stepped over to the couch where Gene and Laura were.
He sat on the arm keeping a higher position than everyone else, it was a power move and Billy realized it.
"Yes." Billy answered honestly.
Mitch was a known businessman and very well connected at City Hall. He was good friends or at least appeared to be with the Mayor himself. Billy knew to wait until spoken to as Mitch assessed his surroundings.
"Seems you boys were having some fun, let's get down to business." He said and motioned for both Laura and Sugar to sit and be quiet.
The man was all business, he did not joke or mince his words. He told Billy what he wanted from him and finished with a threat if he could not deliver.
"Fuck with me or fuck up in general, these two won't be the only bitches around here. Understand me?"
Billy knew he was serious, and Gene's expression had gone from party to obedient. He nodded his understanding and Billy followed suit. Even Sugar had become more subdued as she sat quietly. Laura couldn't help but study him, he looked like he should be in the boardroom not slumming it in the ghetto hanging around pimps and whores. Even now he was dressed in perfectly fitting black dress pants and an expensive looking polo shirt. Laura thought he was very attractive physically, she could see the muscularity in his chest, shoulders, and arms. His hair was dark black and neatly cut which made his intense blue eyes pop. He spent a lot of time in the gym and treated his body like a temple.
"You like what you see?" Mitch asked Laura catching her staring.
She smiled with embarrassment and looked away. Mitch for the first time let his guard down and seemed to relax. He stood up and moved in front of Laura, he signalled for her to stand up. Laura hesitated unsure of what was going to happen, slowly though she got to her feet knowing it was not a request. Her skirt and panties fell to the floor, so she simply stepped out of them, then took off her top and dropped it on the couch.
"You are gorgeous. Where is your family from, the Mediterranean?" He asked as he made her spin a circle so he could see everything.
"Yes." She answered.
"Love it, the most beautiful women in the world. Not to mention they have crazy sex drives. How about you? Do you like to make love? Or do you like to fuck?" He asked as he reached around grabbing a handful of Laura's ass.
Laura let out a gasp as she quickly thought, she looked into his eyes which showed no sign of empathy or compassion. Billy had no idea what she was going to say as Mitch waited patiently for an answer.
"I like to fuck hard." She answered in a low voice with a wicked grin.
Billy couldn't believe what she said, she was challenging him. Mitch laughed and clapped his hands truly amused with Laura. Gene swapped a relieved look with Billy because Mitch could be completely unpredictable.
"Well, you have the body for it. How about I take your sweet ass into the bedroom." He said to her.
Before Laura could answer he scooped her up tossing her over his shoulder. She let out a surprised yelp which made Sugar and Gene laugh, Billy laughed too but was forcing himself to do it. Mitch carried her toward the back, her bare ass on full display. He squeezed and smacked it a few times while he took her to the room. Mitch left the door open as he put Laura down, he didn't care if the others heard or watched.
"Leave the heels on. I like my sluts to wear them." He said with a smirk. "On your knees and let me see how good you are with that pretty mouth."
Laura seductively bit her lip as she knelt onto the outdated shag carpet. Mitch undid his own pants and pushed them down around his ankles along with his underwear. Laura fought off a smile seeing his cock standing out toward her, it was thick, smooth, hard as steel and eight full inches. Mitch looked down at her smugly seeing she was impressed with his manhood.
"I can tell you want it." He commented as he slipped his hand into her hair and with his other hand rubbed the head of his cock over her lips and face.
He laughed as he smacked it off her cheek before pushing it between her lips and into her mouth. Laura's lips wrapped tightly around him as he rocked forward, fucking her mouth. She kept looking up at him with her brown eyes as he treated her mouth like a pussy, it was an act of submission that Mitch loved.
"Now that is a real whore." He said loud enough for the others to hear if they were listening, and they were.
Laura held onto Mitch's thighs, digging her nails into his flesh as he pushed his cock deep into her throat. She let out muffled, gurgling sounds as she strained to take his full length down her throat. Her eyes watered, and tears ran down her cheeks as he continued smugly grinning down at her. Finally, he pulled out from her mouth, leaving her gasping for air while Mitch stroked his saliva covered dick. Without being told Laura took his cock in her hand and licked him from the base all the way to the tip. She paid special attention to the head, dragging her tongue along the underside eliciting a deep moan from him.
"Holy shit you're good." He offered.
Laura turned her face, looking up at him again as she flicked her tongue. She opened her mouth wide putting it around him, she sucked hard while starting to bob. From the couch all they could see was the back of Mitch, his bare ass and a little bit of Laura on her knees but they were blocked from seeing how she was worshipping the man's cock. Laura moaned as she enthusiastically swallowed inch after inch of Mitch, he had never been with a whore who enjoyed giving head this much.
"Time for that pussy to get a workout."
Laura nearly jumped up from the floor hearing the words, she wanted to feel that big cock inside her. Mitch sensed her excitement taking off his remaining clothes while she laid on her back with her legs spread giving him an unobstructed view of her pussy. Laura ran her fingers down between her legs, she pressed on her clit, slowly rubbing it as the man climbed onto the bed.
"You're the horniest whore I've ever met." He said with a laugh.
Billy could see her on the bed, he couldn't believe she was playing with herself as Mitch moved between her legs, but she was. Mitch pushed her legs wider apart as he placed the head of his cock to her opening, he teased Laura by rubbing it along her slit. Her expression changed and was replaced with a look of desperation. She let out a groan feeling the head slip between her lips, she arched her back as the first couple of inches disappeared inside her. Mitch gripped her by the waist with both hands and started thrusting. Laura's eyes closed as he buried his cock over and over, each stroke was harder and faster. She couldn't help it, her loud moans filled the room and were clearly heard by Billy, Gene and Sugar. The slapping sound of Mitch's body against Laura also carried out to the couch.
"He's pounding her pussy good." Sugar said looking at Billy.
It was a wild sight to see Laura being fucked relentlessly on the bed, Billy was rock hard watching and completely jealous. He had fantasized about doing the very same thing to her many times since working at the agency. Mitch threw Laura's legs up on his shoulders and folded her over. He grinned down at her as he took her wrists and pinned them above her head on the mattress. Laura felt his full weight on top of her, then he started to plunge that cock into her pussy. Mitch dominated her, he crushed her into the bed and punished her pussy. It didn't seem like the man got tired; his stamina was incredible as he wore Laura out. She was trapped in the position taking the hardest pounding of her life, her legs turned to rubber with her knees bouncing off her own shoulders.
"This is what you like. Take it!" Mitch spat out staring down at her with insane intensity in his eyes.
Laura's body reacted perfectly for Mitch, she was quickly in the middle of a huge orgasm. Billy could barely keep himself in the other room seeing Laura being overwhelmed, she was whimpering as he kept fucking her.
"Time to tap that ass." He growled at her.
In one swift motion Laura's legs were tossed from Mitch's shoulders, he pulled out of her soaked pussy and flipped her over onto her stomach. Laura felt him grip her hips and yank, he had her ass up nice and high.
"Hey, you got any lube?" Yelled Mitch to Gene and Sugar.
Laura felt a wave of embarrassment, put into such a prone position and now waiting for someone to bring in lube.
"Here you go." Sugar said holding a small bottle out to Mitch.
Mitch turned to face Sugar, she squirted the lube onto his slick cock and worked it in. He grabbed both of Laura's ass cheeks and spread them, Sugar held the bottle just above her tight little hole and let the lube pour out. Laura felt it and it sent a shiver through her body, Sugar was very generous with it knowing she was going to need it. Mitch smiled as Sugar ran her finger over Laura's hole and pushed inside. Laura gasped feeling the small intrusion of the other woman's finger. Sugar slowly worked it in and out making sure she was slick as could be.
"Thanks." Mitch said as he pushed Sugar's hand away and positioned his cock to Laura's asshole.
Laura felt the pressure as the man forced the head of his cock in. She had never felt anything like it, she gripped the sheets of the bed and her body flexed. She tried to relax herself, she took a couple of deep breaths as Mitch inched into her. He smacked her ass sharply.
"I want you to fuck yourself with my cock." He ordered her.
Laura thought for a moment, then pushed back on him. His cock felt huge as more of him slipped inside her ass. She leaned forward, there was a sudden relief with barely just the head inside and then she rocked back. Laura repeated that motion, each time getting more of him deeper. Mitch knew he was not as deep inside her as he could or wanted to be, she had found a good rhythm and pace where she was comfortable. He wanted her to feel all of him, he took a firm hold of both her hips and as she rocked back, he pulled on her and thrust hard. She let out a loud squeal feeling the full length of him up her ass. She squealed again and pulled at the sheets as Mitch began to fuck her without mercy. Sugar couldn't stop herself from cheering him on as he owned Laura's ass for the next few minutes. From the couch Gene and Billy watched in silence, Laura's ass was pounded and when Mitch grabbed a handful of her hair snapping her head back, they could see she was barely conscious. A mix of pleasure and pain was etched on her face, her mouth hung open as she just took it from Mitch. He grunted and groaned as he used her, he was on the edge. Finally, he couldn't hold on any longer, he withdrew from Laura's ass and jerked his cock wildly. She let out a deep sigh feeling his warm cum landing on her cheeks and back. She fell face first to the mattress and stayed there, motionless while he finished up on top of her.
"Best piece of ass I've ever had." He smacked her ass again while getting off the bed.
Mitch left her laying on the bed, and went back to see Gene and Billy, both of whom had gotten dressed and were waiting for him. They went over the arrangement again and within minutes Mitch was gone. Gene and Sugar left shortly after leaving Billy to get Laura dressed. Once she was a little more composed, they went back to the office.
Chapter 5: The End
The drive back to the office was quiet, Laura and Billy both felt a strange awkwardness about what happened. She was exhausted and a little sore, and Billy didn't know what to say so said nothing until they were back.
"We should check the video and be sure it worked." Billy said to her is a softer voice than normal once they were in her office.
She agreed and logged into her computer, she clicked on the file and paused taking a deep breath. She realized what she might see when she hit play.
"Holy shit." Billy mumbled. "It definitely worked."
The video quality was great, what surprised Billy was the point of view of the footage. They watched it together and relived the experience, at the end of it all they looked at each other and for an unknown reason broke out in laughter. It just didn't seem like it really happened.
"Whatever we do we can't show this to Nikki, it will scare her off." Billy said. "She'll think we're just a couple of pervs."
Laura agreed whole heartedly, and she didn't want Nikki to think there was anything between her and Billy given she clearly had a thing for the man. Billy sent his contact a message letting him know what they had and how good the video was. The contact was genuinely excited and wanted to get everything as quickly as possible. The plan would be to pick up Mitch and Gene within the next day and bring them to justice.
"I guess I'll see you tomorrow." Billy said to her with a weak smile. "You better get some rest."
"No kidding, I need a long hot bath and about twelve straight hours of sleep." Laura chirped back before shutting down the computer.
"Can't wait to hear how Nikki did." She finished before shutting off the lights to the agency and heading home.
Case closed!