The pain from the pressure in my bladder, woke me the next morning. I lifted my head and knew by the faint glow coming from the hatch above, that it must be close to dawn. The air was cold but snuggled in against Aaron; I was beautifully warm and did not want to move. I dropped my head back to the pillow, knowing I had to brave the transom, but not wanting to get out of the lovely warm bed. I stretched and felt unfamiliar muscles twinge from yesterday's activities. An image of Aaron, Ryker and me on the beach floating into my mind, and my stomach churned at the thought. God, how could I have let them do that to me?
But the thought of them using my body brought back the memory of how willing and insatiable I had been. However, my rekindled desire increased the pain in my bladder, and I forced myself to crawl out of bed. Stark naked, I stepped out onto the transom. I looked around in the gloomy light to make sure no other boat had arrived in the night. Assured that we still had the bay all to ourselves I perched myself over the water and relieved myself.
"Sounds like you were busting," Ryker said as he stepped out onto the transom, sending a strong arc of piss into the ocean.
"Can't you give a woman some privacy?" I snapped.
"What woman? You are one of the guys now. And, No, privacy is hard to come by on a Yacht."
I looked at his silhouette, standing out against the sea and the island. The sky was glowing a dull orange to our left as the dawn approached.
"I'd like a photograph of you standing there. You look like Atlas with a Javelin in your hand."
"Stay there. I'll go get my camera." And Ryker finished peeing, then gave his cock a couple of shakes and disappeared back inside.
I stood and wrapped my arms around myself, suddenly feeling the cold. Ryker appeared with his camera and a bundle in his arms. He dumped everything by the helm, then held out a robe for me, wrapped it tight around me and tied the cord. His naked body held me tight for a few moments longer than was necessary, and had me thinking naughty thoughts.
He let me go and picked up the camera. "Now where do you want me?"
I saw the camera was a Sony, and an expensive one at that, "Can you set it up for this light? I'm unfamiliar with how to work a Sony?"
As he fiddled with the settings, he asked, "Are you familiar with manual settings on a camera?"
"I did a photography elective in the sixth form, as my father is a keen photographer. But we used mostly Fujifilm Mirrorless cameras."
When Ryker handed me the camera, I tentatively stepped back onto the transom and lodged myself against the barbecue pole. Then holding onto the camera with both hands framed a shot of Ryker's silhouette in the golden light of the amazing dawn.
Aaron popped his head out of the hatch, "You've left me for another naked man already."
Startled, I felt myself blush crimson and nearly dropped the camera. But Aaron just walked to the stern and relieved himself into the sea. So I pulled myself together and snapped of another half dozen photos of the guys standing there in all their glory.
Aaron and I climbed back into our warm bed and cuddled together as Ryker prepared breakfast. And soon there was a fantastic smell permeating the cabin. It smelled like our house when my mother cooked jam, so I knew Ryker was cooking the fruit we had gathered for breakfast.
"Let's go for a quick swim to wake up," said Aaron, "Well have breakfast after the swim."
I crawled out of bed, pulled on my bikini, and followed him out on deck. He lifted one of the cockpit seat lids and handed me the mask, snorkel, and flippers; once all geared up, we jumped off the transom. The water was cold after the warmth of our bed. We set off in a slow overarm crawl, towards the point to our left. Then cruised around, looking at the fish. I saw there were lots of large butterfish here. And raised my head, spat out the snorkel and asked if I could catch a butterfish to take home to my dad.
"Sure, I'll get the speargun." But as Aaron put his head down to swim back to the yacht, he got all excited and pointed down at a big rock. I looked but could not see the large butterfish that I expected he would be pointing at.
He lifted his head above water, "Look under the rock where I'm pointing. There are big crayfish feelers. Can you swim back and tell Ryker, then bring me back the catch bag and the speargun? I'll stay here and watch that it doesn't escape."
I ducked my head back under the water, looked where he was pointing, and sure enough, large long red feelers waved around, so I excitedly set off to the yacht.
Once I told Ryker what we had just seen, he got the catch bag, and speargun and flicked the stove off. Then we dived back into the sea and swam over to Aaron. We all took large breaths and dived down to the shelf where the feelers were still waving. It was only about three meters deep, so well within my capabilities.
There were three good-sized crays under the rock and several smaller ones. Ryker handed me some gloves to put on and indicated that I was to grab the big one. Aaron used the handle part of the speargun to nudge the cray towards me, and I grabbed its feelers. I was rewarded with a needle-like pain in my finger but I held on tight as it tried to get away by flicking its tail. I was amazed at how powerful it was.
The cray gave some powerful flicks of its tail and despite the pain, I held tight and pulled it from beneath the rock. Aaron grabbed it by its body, flipped it into the catch bag, and then indicated for me to get the next one. I was a bit wary this time and waited until Aaron had manoeuvred it around with the speargun handle again. It was facing away from me this time, and when I grabbed the feelers, I didn't get spiked.
Once we had the three biggest crays, Aaron handed the catch bag to Ryker and he headed back to the boat. Then after another big breath of air, we descended to catch me a butterfish.
----
Back at the yacht, Ryker helped us both on board. I complained to the guys that I had a sore finger and asked why they had not told me to come at the feelers from a different angle.
"No matter what we told you, you would have likely gotten spiked. That was the best learning you'll ever get. The pain will soon go!" Ryker explained.
I wasn't impressed; my finger was sore for the next three days. But they told me the largest cray was mine, and I also had two butterfish with it to take home to my Dad.
After breakfast, Ryker asked if he could photograph me on the beach.
"Is this another excuse to get me nude?" I asked.
"I don't have to make excuses like that to get you nude," he replied. "But yes! I would like to photograph you in the nude."
I looked at Aaron, thinking he might say no, but he did not get any support. In fact, he looked like a horny dog, expectantly hoping I would agree. I only thought about it for a second; they had both seen everything, and I'd been told I should be a model so many times in my life, it seemed too good an opportunity to miss.
"OK, but I don't want you showing the photos to all and sundry. I don't want my friends or my father to see them."
"Great," bellowed Ryker, "Get yourself some different clothes, etc. and we'll row ashore."
I went below, got my bag and decided what I wanted to wear. The first thing that came to mind was the black lingerie I had secreted away with the new bikini. I nearly didn't bring them, but when my father told me to be prepared, I included the lingerie in my packing. It was the first sexy lingerie I had ever owned. A tiny thong and a brief matching lacy bra. I had bought them a month before, for Max, but he would never get to see them.
I stripped, rubbed myself dry, then put on the lingerie, a short tartan black and white skirt and a light grey short-sleeved tank top that left my midriff bare. I looked in the mirror: I looked like a schoolgirl but knew that would not bother the guys. I combed my still-damp hair, put some lipstick on, placed my towel, bikini and beach dress in a bag and headed up on deck.
Aaron was in the dinghy manning the oars, and Ryker was holding the dinghy painter. They both wolf-whistled at the same time.
"Bloody hell, Nique, I wasn't expecting you to have clothes that sexy with you," said Ryker, holding my arm as I stepped into the dingy.
Once ashore, we walked along the beach a bit, to where a rock outcrop ran down the beach into the water.
Aaron came and cuddled me as Ryker set up his camera. "You look bloody sexy. I can't wait to see the finished photos."
Once Ryker had the correct lens and a flash installed, he shooed Aaron away and then started snapping shots. He began to order me around, "Take your bra off, put your top back on, put on your bra again and skirt off."
This went on for about fifteen minutes. They had both remarked on my black lacy underwear, Aaron in particular, giving me some very complimentary praise.
"Now the bikini and beach dress," said Ryker. And he came over to me and set a padded beach mat on the waist-high rock. He then directed me in the poses he wanted me to do while lying on the mat.
Ryker was all business; he didn't perv at all when I stripped off nude and changed into my skimpy bikini. But Aaron was struggling to contain himself, his huge hard-on bulging in his board shorts.
Then it was beach dress open, bikini top off, and the poses started getting more raunchy. And finally what I was dreading but really excited about - fully nude. The poses started out quite respectable, but as he directed me into more erotic poses, he had Aaron strip off and start posing with me.
"God, you make a beautiful couple. I could make some serious money from these photos."
"Don't you dare," I replied, "You promised me you wouldn't share them around?"
"I'm giving you both a compliment, that's all. I'll keep them safe." Then he indicated to Aaron to touch me. This I knew was going a bit far, but apart from a quiet, "We shouldn't," in Aaron's ear, I found myself glancing around to check that no boats had arrived in the bay.
Aaron leaned in and kissed me, his hands moving to my breasts. "Wow your nipples are at least half an inch long and as hard as nails. You're a bit of an exhibitionist."
I heard a grunt of appreciation from Ryker, and his camera kept clicking away. Aaron pulled and tweaked my nipples, bent down and sucked on them, and pushed a hand between my legs. I was past the point of no return; his touch kindled a tingling feeling that took away any resistance. I just opened my legs and let him play. It felt divine. I have no idea how long he played with me like that, building my arousal up to a crescendo, but all too soon he was between my legs and rubbing his cock along my wet slit. I was writhing around, desperate to be taken. I doubt I could have stopped if a boat had come into the bay right then.
I pulled myself up onto the flat part of the rock, leaned back and moaned my pleasure as he slowly entered me. And I was soon arching my back as his strokes escalated and grew stronger. I bucked my hips forcefully against his every thrust. Then just as I started to feel my orgasm building, I heard Ryker whispering in Aaron's ear for him to move and was frustrated to feel Aaron withdraw from me.
I grasped at Aaron to keep him in me, but he was gone. Then I opened my eyes to find him up next to my head offering me his cock. Without a thought or any hesitation, I took him in my mouth. Well, a few inches anyway; it was far too large for me to get much past my lips. I was even more turned on by the fact his cock was wet with my own juices.
Thankfully, his hand returned to my sex, and he worked his fingers into me. I closed my legs around his hand and squeezed my arse together to keep my orgasm from slipping away. Then felt hands on my knees, pushing them apart. I knew it was Ryker and thought he wanted to take photos of my pussy. So I fought to close them but then was aware he was kissing the inside of my ankles, and kissing and licking up to my knees. My thighs began quivering with his assault, and I relaxed and let him have his way.
Aaron was directing my head up and down on his cock, and I felt him getting quite urgent. This turned me on. I wanted to make him come and put some effort into sucking and trying to get more of him in my mouth. Then Ryker's kisses moved past my knees and his hands were spreading me wider. There was no stopping now; I knew what he was going to do, and opened my legs as wide as I could.
As Ryker nuzzled his mouth hard onto my sex, I felt Aaron remove his fingers and bring them up to my mouth. He eased his cock out and pushed his fingers into my very willing mouth. And as I savoured my own juices, I felt Ryker down below, pushing his tongue deep inside me. I opened my legs even wider and thrust my hips up at his face. This brought his nose against my clit and he rolled his nose around, making my clit pop to one side then roll under his nose and pop out the other side.
This was sheer bliss. I couldn't contain myself any longer and gasped as the exquisite wash of feelings flooded my body. Aaron reinserted his cock and assaulted my mouth now with a sense of urgency. I felt his cock start to throb and knew he was going to come. I briefly thought about what I felt about him coming in my mouth, and then as a strong spasm hit me again, I sucked hard, deciding I wanted to taste his seed.
He tried to withdraw as he came, and I tried unsuccessfully to hold him in, which meant he came all over my face and some even splashed onto my breasts. But I pulled him back and took his penis into my mouth again. It tasted quite mild, and salty but also had a slight sweetness to it. I didn't mind it at all.
Still sucking on Aaron, I diverted my gaze down between my legs, to watch Ryker working. It turned me on something terrible and the orgasm that I'd been fighting, hit me again.
Ryker felt me squirm around as I climaxed, and stood up. He kept two fingers in me, but his other hand grasped at his cock and he worked at getting himself off. I saw his face contort in concentration and knew he was about to cum. I tapped his side with my foot, and when he lifted his head to look at me, I let go of Aaron and beckoned him up to my side. I had an urgent need to taste him also.
He didn't understand exactly what I wanted though, as he moved up beside Aaron and erupted all over my breasts. I grabbed at him, pulled him over and opened my mouth. At last, his face showed understanding and he offered his cock to my lips. I sucked him into my mouth, greedily, and was rewarded when my tongue felt the ridge along the base of his penis throb and spurt the last of his seed into my mouth.
He tasted quite different to Aaron; he had a lot stronger and slightly bitter taste. I was sucking quite hard, trying to get more from him, but he must have been very sensitive, as he gave me an apologised look and pulled away. I looked at Aaron to see if he was OK with what I had just done. He smiled at me, but there was some doubt in his eyes, so I said, "You taste a lot better than Ryker."
I saw the little flash of pride before he put on his strong-man face again, and then he leaned forward and picked me up.
"Sorry, we've made a real mess on you," he said, carrying me down to the sea.
I looked down at myself; he was certainly correct. I was covered in their translucent white ejaculate, mostly on my breasts, but some splotches were on my tummy, and I could feel plenty of it on my face.
Aaron didn't throw me in this time; he walked out until I was mostly underwater and started washing me off with his hand. He spent some time on my hair, so it was obvious their ejaculations had splashed in that as well. And he finished by washing me between my legs, which got me horny again.
"I think I'm clean now; you can put me down." He did, and I went straight under the water as I was way over my head. I rose and splashed him, then made to swim towards the shore. But he grabbed my foot and pulled me back into his arms.
"Stay here with me for a minute. I want you all to myself," he whispered.
"Are you OK, about me doing that with Ryker? I wanted to taste the difference, as I've never done that before."
He nodded to me and smiled, letting me know he wasn't concerned.
We cuddled together, me, just floating beside him. Then we heard Ryker calling us. I noted that he had packed all his gear, our towels, etc. But he had his camera waiting to capture our naked bodies as we left the water.
We walked up the beach towards him. My being nude like this felt strange, but I struck some poses for him anyway.
Once back on the yacht, Ryker went below and downloaded the photos to Mac notebook; he had it placed on his Nav-station desk. He called me over to look at them, and I was really surprised to see how good they were. He ran through the ones showing me dressed and had just gotten to the lingerie shots when a weather warning came up on his screen.
He turned on the radio and tuned in to listen. I didn't comprehend all that was being said, but he called out to Aaron when it was finished.
"We need to get everything shipshape and underway. That storm I've been watching is approaching much faster and stronger than they predicted last night. They reckon it may hit Great Barrier at about 8:00 pm tonight."
So Ryker rattled off some things that both Aaron and I needed to do, and we got underway just after 11:00 am. One of my tasks was to make the sandwiches for our lunch, as they were worried the sea might start to get rough as the wind rose, and it could be uncomfortable in the galley. And sure enough, half an hour later as we left the lee of Mercury Island, the wind was a lot stronger and there was the odd whitecap ahead of us.
After we'd eaten our sandwiches and had drunk the usual beer, I found I was tired: a full belly and all this morning's efforts were catching up with me. Ryker said to lie down and grab an hour's rest before the weather worsened.
----
"We're nearly at Cuvier Island, and Ryker wants to know if you can catch us another Kingy. So far the storm's holding off, so we can take a few passes over the reef." Said Aaron as he shook me awake.
"You will need a jersey; it's cooled down quite a bit," he yelled back at me as he climbed out of the cabin.
Out on deck, I found Aaron had already fixed the shiny lures to the rods. Ryker had us drifting off a point to the south of the island, where we were a little protected from the building wind. "You have half an hour. See what you can catch, Nique."
Aaron got the first strike and got me to wind my line in so we didn't get tangled. I got a big hit on the way up, but it let go. When we got Aaron's fish to the boat, it wasn't legal, only being about six hundred millimetres long, so back it went and we both dropped our lures again. This time I got the first strike but knew straight away it wasn't big enough, as although it fought like hell, it was coming up way more easily than the first Kingy I'd caught.
However, when we glimpsed the first sight of it emerging from the depths, we saw I'd snagged quite a large snapper, so that was a keeper and went straight in the bin. Aaron had another strike; this time we knew it was big. It nearly took him and his rod overboard. The rod was bent in a U-shape and he had to release the brake and let it run slowly or he would have lost it and a good bit of line.
It took upwards of fifteen minutes to land the Kingy, a beauty way north of one meter. I watched the guys efficiently land it and spike it to render it insensible. They had to tie it down on the transom, as it wouldn't fit in any of the bins. It was well over a metre long.
Unfortunately, we didn't have time to try for any more. Ryker indicated our time was up and made steps to get us underway. I wasn't offered the helm this time; as soon as we left the shelter on Cuvier Island, we found the wind had picked up even more and there were whitecaps all around us. I sat cuddled up against Aaron, and we braced ourselves every time we came off the top of a large swell.
"Are you feeling OK?" Ryker called out over the sound of the wind.
"Yes, it's quite exciting, isn't it?" I replied.
Aaron also enquired how I was and asked if I felt seasick at all. I told him I felt fine. Then he turned to me. "You know you asked me if I'd ever slept with Valerie?"
I got in quick, "Yes, and you said you hadn't," a little concerned he was going to tell me he'd lied to me.
"No, I haven't. But we're going to have to spend the night with her and Tony tonight, and I'm pretty certain she'll be planning some fun and games, as she takes what little opportunities she has these days to set up a party when Ryker and I visit."
I nodded my head and smiled at him; not sure where he was going with this, but I had a twinge of anticipation at the thought I might witness Valerie getting fucked tonight.
"The fact is, last time we visited, Valerie had Rex and Sally over. You remember Sally?"
I nodded my head.
"I'm guessing that they may be there tonight, and Sally's preference is to be tied up and fucked by more than one guy, and we all had her last time Ryker and I were here. I'm a bit worried that will come out in conversation and spoil things between you and me. So I thought I had better get in first and be honest with you."
Even over the wind, Ryker was listening to our conversation, and he butted in, "If Sally's there tonight, she's almost certain to want another session with Aaron's big pecker. And be prepared, she also likes women, so she'll make a pass at you as well."
A wave of jealousy crawled into my belly. "Do we have to go ashore? Can't we stay on the boat?" I asked.
"No, I think it's going to be way too rough to stay on the boat tonight. The only way to get through it would be to stand all night and brace yourself as every gust hits. We'll double-anchor the yacht and head ashore!" Ryker yelled.
My mind was in a quandary; this was all moving way too fast for me to take in. I quickly tried to sort out why I felt an anticipation that was at odds with my anxious unease about watching Aaron or Ryker with another woman.
Aaron saw my uncertainty and pulled out his phone. "I'll call Tipi and Bob's Motel and book us in there for the night."
"No, give me some time to think." Then I turned to Ryker. "Will Valerie get upset if I don't want to join them?"
"Never; she would always defer to your wishes. She won't push you. They're sending the kids somewhere, so you can have Nicholas's bedroom all to yourself.
I sat and set my mind to work; how did I feel about Aaron sleeping with Sally in some orgy? Jealousy twisted at my stomach, but an image of Sally spread-eagled and Aaron's thick cock pushing against her opening awakened the now familiar tingling feeling in my crotch. What was I worried about? Him falling for her? No, that was stupid, she's married, and he's been with her before. But the intense feeling of jealousy was still there.
I turned to Aaron. "I don't know how I'll react to Sally. The thought of you sleeping with her makes me really jealous."
"I don't intend to sleep with Sally, so rest your mind on that count. I just wanted you to know and not find out later tonight, that's all. But how are you going to handle her and Valerie hitting on you? I know they were both really taken with you, and they will surely try."
I sat and tried to think through how I felt about this. Everything I had experienced to this point in my life told me that sensual contact with a woman was wrong. I knew I should feel revolted, and I'm sure that's how I would have reacted a few days ago. But since meeting Valerie, I was hesitant, as I found her intriguing. That such a mature, attractive woman would be interested in me, that way seemed like a compliment. I'd certainly had naughty thoughts about her in the last two days. But would I dare to go any further than dream about it - I did not know.
We got hit with a powerful gust of wind just as we came off the top of a large swell, and the yacht broached. As well as swinging around side-on to the wave, it also laid over so much that I saw the bottom of the mainsail sink deep into the water. For a second, I thought we were going to roll over. But before I could move, the yacht came up into the wind and righted itself.
Ryker waved for me to join him at the helm and yelled at Aaron that we needed to get some sail down. He had me steer the yacht towards a point of land slightly over to our left, then stepped forward and wound the self-furling headsail. When he had it half the size, he returned his attention to me.
"I want you to concentrate on luffing the headsail. See how if I turn the yacht into the wind, the front of the sail starts to flap?"
I nodded at him.
"Well, I want you to try and keep that just fluttering. It will be hard, as it's gusty, but swing the boat up till it flutters, bear away a little, then come up again."
I tried this while he helped me and told me not to be too erratic, "Just feel what the boat wants to do, don't fight it too much."
After a few minutes, he was satisfied I had the hang of it and went forward to the base of the mast, joining Aaron, who'd already started lowering the mainsail.
They let it drop until a red line on the sail lined up with a mark on the mast, then started lashing the bunched-up mainsail through a series of holes in the sail. I'd noticed these holes in the sail and had wondered what they were for. I was also starting to feel in tune with the yacht; it wanted to fall away from the wind and pick up speed. So I had to fight to keep it pointed high. When I let it fall away too far, I could see that the sail filled with air, and the guys had to struggle to get it lashed down tight. But when I let the yacht gain some speed and pointed it up just right, the tension eased for them. And so I started timing my energy into getting the boat pointed high every time they moved to a new hole.
It was exhilarating; I felt in tune with nature. Soon Ryker was back beside me, heaping praise on me for the good job I had done. "You're a natural," he said. And my chest swelled with pride.
I noticed our boat speed had increased; we now travelled two knots faster than before. I pointed this out to Ryker; he was very impressed and told me that with too much sail up, we had had too much drag.
"There is another set of holes further up the mainsail. Will we have to do that again if the wind increases?" I asked.
"I bloody hope not!" he exclaimed. "We'll be in a full gale if we have to reef it that far."
I returned to sit with Aaron, where we were protected a little by the cabin and resumed thinking about what may happen tonight. But then, a new thought struck me: 'What if Tony and Rex wanted to sleep with me?'
They were both quite good-looking guys. Then, 'God, what am I thinking? This has nothing to do with looks. I definitely won't go for that.'
But I turned to Aaron. "What about Tony and Rex? How do you feel about them trying it on with me?"
"Yes, I've been worrying about that also. I've shared girlfriends with Ryker twice in the past and have never felt jealous. In fact, both times were pretty hot. But I'm already having horrible bouts of jealousy, thinking about you with someone else. So let's call and book the motel."
I thought about this; again, the feeling of joy filled my chest at the thought he was jealous of me. But I wanted to see what the others got up to; I didn't want to miss out on something like that. I could imagine my best friend Sacha's look when I told her about it. The image of Sally tied up on a table popped into my mind, with Ryker, Tony and Rex around her.
"No, I don't want to be stuck in a motel wondering what may be happening. Can you and I share Nick's room, and you take me there if I can't handle it?"
Aaron didn't look convinced, but he hugged me and told me he would look after me and go along with anything I decided.
--------
Ryker was pointing out the entrance to Tryphena Harbour when his phone rang. He informed us that Tony was advising us to moor the yacht around Schooner Bay because of how the wind was building. "He says with this wind direction, it will be a safer anchorage than Tryphena."
We dropped anchor in Schooner Bay an hour later between two other yachts. Ryker let out quite a bit of chain, and then he and Aaron went down below and lifted the floorboards near the front cabin. They came back on deck carrying a large conventional anchor. They took it up to the bow, then returned to the cabin for a large canvas bag full of the chain. Ryker started the motor and swung us out to the left off where we had dropped the first anchor, and then Aaron heaved the big anchor overboard. There was a bit of manoeuvring around before they secured the second anchor, which left us swinging between the two of them. Then, satisfied that we were holding tight, we loaded our bags, the fish, crayfish, etc., into the dinghy and headed ashore.
Tony and Valerie were waiting for us as we approached the shore. She was wearing a short-sleeved wraparound dress. It was a yellow, flowery, patterned cotton dress with a V-neckline and a softly flared skirt that finished halfway down her calves. I noted that she was not wearing a bra, her full breasts barely contained, and her nipples quite obviously pushed out against the cotton.
Again, I was taken with her beauty and self-assured demeanour around the guys, and I hoped I might have her confidence around men one day.
When we arrived at their home, it was almost 6:00 pm, and the gusts of wind and rain made it a struggle to get all our gear into the house. During the drive, I'd learned that Rex and Sally would not be with us that night. They were worried about their home in the storm, as it was more exposed to the weather.
I was dumbfounded by the feeling of disappointment that washed over me. I'd been dreading meeting them again and what that might entail. Yet there was regret at what I may have missed out on. I asked about the children and if it would be best that they came back home, as I could sleep out in the lounge. Valerie replied, "They aren't at Sally and Rex's. They're down in Tryphena village with Sally's mother and much safer down there."
"What about your breastfeeding Ava?" I asked.
"She's only getting one feed daily now, and I'm trying to wean her off. She should have been weaned months ago, but I like breastfeeding, and Tony and Ryker like it too!"
I was embarrassed, thinking of Ryker latched onto her breast.
Valerie saw the expression on my face and laughed. "Don't be embarrassed; all men love suckling on a nice full breast."
Aaron came in then and told me I should call my mother and tell her we had arrived safe and well. So I went to the bedroom and got my phone.
Mum answered immediately, so I knew she must have been waiting for my call. I explained that we'd had a great time down the Mercs and a rough but safe trip up today. She asked me about where we were staying, and when I explained about Valerie and Tony, she started asking questions about them.
I might have been a little over-enthusiastic in my description of Valerie, as she asked me some personal questions about her. Then floored me with, "She sounds interesting. I went with a woman like that before I met your father."
"Mum!" I shouted down the phone. "I don't need to know that sort of thing. I'm hanging up now."
"Sorry, I just want us to be friends and able to discuss anything with you."
I hung up before she told me something else embarrassing. Valerie had come into the room and had heard my outburst. "What did your mother say?" she asked.
"Oh, she's suddenly become like a girlfriend, asking me questions and telling me things that she got up to in the past. I don't know if I want our relationship to change like that. It embarrasses me."
Valerie grinned at me, "God, you're lucky. My mother would never talk with me and tried to wrap me up in cotton wool and stop me from doing anything. I've only found out little bits of her past, but it seems she was a real player in her day, but she absolutely denies she's ever done anything wrong."
We all helped prepare another amazing meal. The boys were undercover out the back cleaning the fish. They brought in some thick kingfish steaks for us to fry, and we made salads. We started with Valerie's Scallop Mornay's again, each served in a scallop shell, and we still had half of Ryker's peach pie with cream and ice cream to finish.
After dinner, Aaron and Tony went out to a covered barbecue area alongside the garage and got the smoker going. Ryker asked Tony if he could borrow the van and check on the yacht before it got dark, as the wind was howling now. The odd gust would really hammer the house, and I was worried a window might break; it was that strong.
Valerie called out she would go with him, then turned to me, "Come with us. I would like your company."
We piled into the van. Valerie sat between Ryker and me. I was immediately aware of her warm hip pressed up against my own. She chatted away to me as Ryker drove up the hill, asking questions about my parents if I had brothers or sisters, and how I met Max.
The van was buffeted around as Ryker drove us over the crest and down the other side. Ryker turned the van's lights on, although it wasn't yet that dark that you could see the lights shining on the road. We should have seen the bay between the trees, maybe even catching glimpses of the yacht. But the weather had closed in, and there was little to see. At the bottom of the hill, we pulled up on the grass by where we'd left the dinghy on the beach.
We all peered out through the wet windscreen, which had pieces of leaves obstructing our vision. The yacht looked good and secure. It was swinging to one side; then, as the weight went on that anchor, it would swing back to the other side. But it was not violent like the other two yachts that had only one anchor and were swinging around quite violently.
"I'd like to lift the dinghy onto the grass bank. Are you guys OK to brave the storm?" Ryker asked.
We clambered out and jumped down onto the beach. What should have been an easy job was actually quite difficult. The wind caught the dinghy as soon as we lifted it, and we struggled. Once we had it up the bank and on the grass, Ryker waved at us to get back inside as it started raining heavily.
I clambered back in alongside Valerie and watched Ryker tie the dinghy to the pohutukawa tree, then struggle against the wind getting a piece of canvas secured around the outboard.
Valerie turned to me, "Are you cold?"
"No, not really. Not even very wet, the tree protected us." I was startled as Valerie leaned over and kissed me. But the shock was quickly forgotten as I returned her kiss. She cupped my chin and turned me to her as her tongue pried my lips open. It was different than kissing a guy, tender, yet she was quite persuasive.
Her hand dropped down to my breast, and although it sent waves of desire running through my body, I thought I should stop her, the old 'nice girls don't do this' foremost in my mind. But before I could say anything, we were hit by a blast of wet air as Ryker climbed back behind the wheel.
"That's fucking sexy, you two kissing, don't stop," he said as Valerie turned back to me and resumed her passionate kiss.
Valerie sighed, then let out a small moan. "God, Ryker, not here; someone may come down to check their boat. I opened my eyes to find that Ryker had undone one of the ties on her dress and folded back the flap of material to expose her right breast. Her right leg was also exposed, and I took in the fact that her light blue panties had a dark wet patch in the crotch. The thought, 'Did I cause that?' ran through my mind, setting up a craving in my loins.
I dragged my eyes up from her crotch to watch Ryker flick her nipple with his finger, and two drops of milk appeared. He carefully let them run onto his finger, then put it in his mouth with a satisfied sigh, then bent forward and suckled her nipple, his cheeks hollowing as he worked at getting her milk to flow.
This really turned me on; my own crotch was wet and hot. I wriggled around uncomfortably, wanting to touch myself but far too embarrassed to do that. Valerie retook my chin, turned my face to hers and kissed me again but abruptly broke away. "Jesus, Ryker, not here!"
He was still suckling her breast but had undone the inside tie and folded back the other half of the dress, leaving her fully exposed. He sat up, reached over and pulled my face down to Valerie's left breast.
"No one else is going to come out in this storm, and they couldn't see much through the windscreen if they did. Now lift your arse."
Valerie looked around quickly and complied. He let go of my head and, in one movement, pulled her panties down to her ankles, exposing her. I could see that her labia had become swollen and puffy and had openly parted. Also that her cunt was slick and glistening with copious secretions. I expected her to clamp her legs together as I had involuntarily done when he revealed me on the beach. But she opened her legs wide and groaned as he slowly inserted two fingers.
Ryker took hold of my hair with his free hand and directed my head back to her breast. I wasn't sure what to do, but he had a good grip on my hair and directed my lips to Valerie's nipple.
"Suck on it, taste her milk; it's beautiful. You and I are going to give her a massive climax."
Valerie just moaned and flung her head back, so I did as I was told and took a tentative suck. I was rewarded with a deluge of milk flowing into my mouth. I adjusted the angle and felt her nipple grow and harden, which turned me on. My stomach tensed, and my pussy tingled. I reached up and cupped her breast, massaging it, and pulled it to my mouth. Ryker's face moved next to mine as he resumed suckling on her other nipple. I smelled his familiar smell and then felt his bristles scratch my cheek.
Still sucking on the hard, tasty nipple, I looked down and watched his fingers pummelling into her sopping wet cunt. She was groaning out loud now; she dropped a hand down to his wrist and forced his fingers in harder and faster. Finally, she lifted her left leg over on top of mine, opening herself even wider. I felt the warmth of her skin and sensed the building tremors of her approaching climax.
"Fuck, I'm going to cum," she whispered. Kissing and licking my neck, she tried to force her tongue inside my ear.
I could see that Ryker was thoroughly aroused; his shorts showed clearly his prick was bent in half, pointing down his leg. I didn't know much about guys yet, but I understood by his hip movements that he was uncomfortable down there. He didn't stop his ministrations on Valerie, though; he just kept frigging his fingers into her cunt.
She pulled me hard against her as she came, and I found that we were both breathing heavily. She pulled me up from her breast and forced her tongue into my mouth. We'd both almost forgotten about Ryker, although his fingers were obviously still working to prolong her orgasm. We were in another world; our kiss had become really passionate.
Then she must have let go of Ryker's wrist, as I felt her hand tearing at my shorts, trying to pull them off me. I lifted my bum and dropped my hand to the waistband to help her push them below my knees. Valerie cupped my mound, then inserted a finger and started frigging me hard. I was now moaning; I ground my hips up and down on her hand and felt her insert another finger. I opened wide, one foot on the side windowsill, the other up on the van's dashboard.
"Open your eyes," she ordered, "I want to watch you cum."
I saw that she was studying me with an intense expression on her face. Ryker's head was on her shoulder, kissing her neck but taking long, hard looks between my legs, watching her fingers working their magic. She started pinching a nipple, and when Ryker reached around her and pinched my other nipple, I came.
My body convulsed as the orgasm overwhelmed me. My vision dimmed, and I threw my head back, thunderstruck that a woman could do this to me.
As my vision was restored and my heart calmed down, I looked past Valerie and saw that Ryker was furiously stroking his cock. The expression on my face alerted Valerie, and she turned to look. Then withdrawing her fingers, she spun around, bent down and took him in her mouth.
As Ryker let out a gratified gasp, Valerie wriggled into a more comfortable position and thereby presented me with the alluring sight of her exquisite round arse and the delicious peach between.
Well out of my comfort zone and unsure if I was allowed to touch her, I tentatively moved my hand onto her hip. Her bum's wiggle let me know she was more than OK to be touched. So I slid my hand down the delicate curve between her legs and parted the wet lips.
Valerie mumbled encouragement, her mouth full of Ryker's cock, and pushed back so my finger slipped into her depths. It felt sublime; I had inserted my finger in my own vagina, but this felt very different. It was super slippery, warm and surprisingly tight. I felt her clench her pelvic muscles, which kind of pushed my finger out. My hands and fingers are small, so I reinserted two fingers. She responded with a sharp intake of air and pushed back hard against me.
This awakened some very indecent thoughts, and I felt my face redden as I pulled back and forced three fingers into her gushing peach. A few hard strokes had her writhing her hips back against my thrusting hand, and I tried all four fingers. She was so tight, I had to screw them around to get them deeper, and after a minute or two, I had all four fingers embedded, and my thumb pressed against her little brown rose.
It felt so naughty, dirty even, and had me very aroused. I frigged her with my whole hand and was getting really turned on as the fingers slipped in even deeper. Ryker groaned, and I saw that he was bucking his hips up enthusiastically and was obviously emptying his seed in her mouth.
I don't know if it was my efforts or Ryker's climax, but Valerie had another orgasm. She sat up, turned and locked her lips to mine. I could taste Ryker's fluids: a sharp, salty, slightly metallic taste.
"Oh, God! My little elf. Thank you, that was unexpected and truly amazing," she said, pulling away and looking deep into my eyes. "We'd better get back to the house. Tony and Aaron will be beginning to suspect we've all been very naughty."
Suddenly, I was very aware of the storm outside. It was rocking the van and a twinge of fear ran through me at the thought of driving back over the hill. I'd never been in a storm this strong, and it was almost fully dark now. I looked around at the trees being blown apart, then out to the yacht in the dim light, and was surprised to see that it still looked quite secure, swinging lazily from side to side.
----
Ryker drove us back slowly, as the rain was now coming down in a torrent. Even he acknowledged that this storm was as strong as he could remember. Once back at the house, we braved the conditions and made a dash for the security of the house, where we found Aaron and Tony had a fire going. It actually wasn't that cold, but the power had gone off. So the fire was adding some light to the candles they had put around the lounge.
"Probably a tree down on a line somewhere," Tony explained as he handed us all towels to dry ourselves.
"Veronique and I will get some dry clothes on," Valerie said, guiding me towards Nicholas's bedroom.
Aaron called out for us not to put too much on; he liked seeing our bodies through the wet clothes. I noted that the front of Valerie's wet dress had gone transparent, and her erect nipples were visible. I looked down at my breasts, remembering that I didn't have a bra on, and sure enough, my nipples were pushing through my wet T-shirt like little missiles.
I fetched a dry pair of knickers from my bag, then pulled out a bra, a fresh T-shirt and a skirt. But Valerie shook her head and pulled Nicholas's dressing gown off the back of the door.
"Here, try this," handing me the grey-patterned cotton gown. "And leave the bra off. You don't need one, lucky girl!"
The robe was a perfect fit but very short, finishing well above my knees.
"That will make the boys happy. I'd better get something suitable as well."
I followed her through the door adjoining the bedrooms, into her and Tony's bedroom, where she stripped naked, dried herself, and then slipped on a thong and a cream-coloured shorty dressing gown. I was amazed at how good her body was, her having had two children. I noted that there were some stretch marks on the lower part of her stomach, but the rest of her body was perfect.
Back in the lounge, we bore the brunt of some remarks my father would not have condoned, but they made me blush and glow with pride. Then again, when I thought about my conversations with my mother over the last couple of days, maybe they would not find the guy's comments that shocking.
Tony had poured us all a rum 'to warm us up,' he said. It was quite a bit stronger than the ones we'd had on the yacht. I sat and snuggled up to Aaron.
"Were you guys naughty over at the bay?" he whispered in my ear. "You were all flushed when you came in. In fact, you are still looking enticingly hot."
I looked into his eyes to see if he was angry, but he was smiling.
I whispered, "Yes! Sorry, I didn't intend to do anything without you. Ryker started messing with Valerie in the front seat, and things got out of hand when she turned and kissed me. Ryker began masturbating, and Valerie gave him a blowjob. I'll tell you more later. Are you upset with me?" I nervously asked.
Aaron started to tell me he was OK and just wished he'd been there to watch.
While he was consoling me, Ryker piped up. "Stop whispering, you two. We can't hear you over the storm. Share your little secrets!"
Aaron chuckled, "Nique's just telling me how silly you looked, jacking yourself off in the van's front seat."
"Yes, well, you would've done the same if you'd watched these two at it," he said, pulling Valerie against him. "They were bloody hot!"
I sat in the dim, romantic light, cuddled up to Aaron and listening to them tell funny stories from their past. We had another round of rum and cokes, then another. I was feeling very mellow and struggling to keep my eyes open. I must have drifted off briefly as I jerked awake when Aaron started caressing my breasts.
I moved to stop him but realised it had gone very quiet, and looking over to the others; I saw that Tony and Ryker had pulled Valerie onto the sheepskin in front of the fire and had Valerie's robe spread wide. Tony was concentrating on her breasts while locked in a passionate kiss. Ryker was massaging her legs, and as I watched he lifted them wide and started kissing her ankles. Her thong was gone, so I must have been out of it longer than I thought.
Valerie broke the kiss with Tony, looked over, and when she caught my eyes, she winked at me, which made me very embarrassed to be caught out watching. So I averted my eyes and looked at Aaron but found that he was watching them even more intently than I had been, so I turned my head back to watch.
Ryker kissed and licked her legs up to her knees, then further up, and all hint of sleepiness left me as I realised what he was about to do. But he didn't dive right in. Instead, he moved past her vulva without touching it and onto her lower stomach, where he circled his tongue around her tummy button.
Valerie reached her hands down and tried to push his head back to her mound. But he bypassed that and started licking her inner thighs. Now she was trying to pull his head up, and again he tilted his head to miss her vulva and blew a big raspberry just above her mound.
She broke her kiss with Tony, "Eat me, you bastard. Stop teasing."
He let her push his head down between her legs and parted her labia with his tongue. Next, he attacked her slit using his tongue, lips, chin, and nose. Then moved up to her clit.
Valerie moaned as his tongue circled her clit, causing a shudder to rip through her entire body. He squeezed his hand under his chin and pushed two fingers inside her. This garnered another shudder, and her hips started to rotate against his face. I wondered how he would breathe as she had both hands pulling his face hard onto her sex.
Aaron and I had stopped moving; we were close enough to see Ryker's fingers disappearing and reappearing, covered in her shiny slickness.
Tony had a hand caressing each of Valerie's breasts and moved his mouth to and fro, to suck and chew on each nipple in turn. Valerie arched her head back in rapturous joy, then lifted it up to peer around Tony's head to see what Ryker was doing to her.
I don't know about Aaron, but this was the sexiest thing I've ever witnessed. It struck me that Aaron might not think I'm a slut or a lesbian but will know now that I'm a voyeur.
Aaron asked me if I wanted to go to the bedroom.
"Hell no!" I whispered urgently to him. "I want to watch."
"Do you want to go over and join them?"
I hesitated at this, my mind in a whirl. If we joined them, what would happen? Would Tony want to fuck me? How did I feel about that? Would Ryker take me? I knew I would quite like that, but how would that affect Aaron and me?
"No! Well, maybe; what do you want?" I asked
."This is not about what I want. You are young and should experiment and know other guys before you exclusively tie yourself to one guy. As I said earlier today, I'll go along with what you want. Tell me your thoughts; what's stopping you?"
I thought about this for a minute, wanting to talk through my feelings but concerned about what he'd think of me.
"I've never been in this situation before; it's exciting and turns me on. But I like you and hope you'll want to see me after this weekend. So I don't want to do anything that may put you off and not want to see me again."
Aaron remained silent. I realised he wanted me to open up more.
"This has been the most amazing few days, and I can't explain to you just how amazing you've made me feel. I've never known anything like it before. But tomorrow we sail back to Auckland and return to the normal world, where I'm governed by doing the right thing around my parents, friends and work colleagues. I might not get this opportunity again, so I want to try everything with you. Does that make sense?"
"Of course. But would you let Ryker and Tony sleep with you? And don't answer what you want me to hear. Tell me what you truly want. And remember, I've had sex alongside all these people."
"I don't honestly know myself. It goes against everything I've been taught. My first thoughts are 'no way'. Yet I was disappointed when I heard that Rex and Sally wouldn't be here this afternoon. I've even had visions of watching you fucking Sally and find myself turned on by those visions. But I won't do anything if I see the slightest look of dismay in your eyes."
"Let's go to bed. You're not ready to go over and join in any of this. And I'd rather be alone with you anyway."
A huge wash of relief passed through me. We stood together and took a last look at the three bodies in front of the fire. Ryker had spun Valerie around and lifted her onto her knees. He was fucking her in the doggy position while Tony lay on his back in front of the fire. Valerie was trying to give him a blow job but struggling as Ryker hammered her from behind.
I turned to Aaron. "I want you to do me like that. I've never done that before."

To be continued...