I'm a middle-aged guy, on the short side but in pretty good shape. I'm a sun worshiper, meaning I spend lots of time outdoors. My skin is naturally dark, so I tan easily and rarely burn, but I do always wear sunscreen. I sunbathe and swim often, naked whenever possible. My favorite places for sunning and swimming naked are ocean beaches, but the story I'm telling here takes place at a small naturist resort in the mountains. It's a quiet place where I can stretch out in the sun naked and read, swim in the pool or relax in the hot tub. They even have a full outdoor bar and a café that serves a very good lunch. I've spent many pleasant afternoons there.
One summer day I was there at the resort and stretched out on a lounge chair on the deck by the pool wearing a hat, sunglasses, sunscreen and nothing else, just like 50 or so other people around the pool and bar. I was happily reading and enjoying the day when a woman walking towards my area shrieked and laughed. As I looked up from my book I could see she was carrying her things, including her sandals, and by the way she walked I could easily guess that the shriek was all about the pavement near the deck being too hot for her feet. She was smiling, so I knew it was okay to joke, and I did.
"A little too soon to take those sandals off!" I said.
She laughed and smiled my way and walked past. It was then that I really noticed her. She was petite and very pretty, maybe about 5'3" tall, and entirely comfortable in her bare skin. I was suddenly very aware of how attractive I found her. She had a very cool alternative vibe, with a few tattoos, a unique asymmetrical hairstyle, and attractive round-lens sunglasses, all of which came together in a way that really got to me. I couldn't tell her age and she walked by too quickly for me to get a better look. I smiled to myself and went back to reading.
A little later, after finishing a chapter in my book, I got up to cool off in the pool with thoughts of a cold drink to follow. I headed to the nearest corner of the pool, which happened to be the deep end. I took off my sandals and was about to hop in when I spied alt-girl right nearby. From this angle, I could see that she had a large, intricate and beautiful tattoo on her back. I knew I wanted to speak with her but I was suddenly nervous. I frequently say hello and pass pleasantries with people at the resort, but this was different. I felt like a 16 year old boy who really wanted to talk to the pretty girl at high school who probably didn't know my name. I took a deep breath, hopped into the water and summoned my courage as I got closer. She seemed to be alone and was leaning her arms on the ledge of the pool. I could see her lithe little naked body under the water as she gently kicked her feet to stay close to the ledge.
"That's a very interesting tattoo on your back," I said to her. I smiled what I hoped was a friendly smile and waited to see if she'd answer.
She looked at me for a second, then smiled back and told me all about her tattoo. She still had her sunglasses on but as she looked at me I could see over them to her eyes. They were enchanting - a light green color with a darker ring at the outside.
She reached out a hand and said "Lynn."
"Dee," I said in return, shaking her hand.
"What was your mom thinking!" she asked, smiling, and I laughed and explained about the name.
We talked for a while and I found that I was intoxicated by her. She still looked ageless to me, but it turned out that she was about a year and half younger than me. At one point I noticed a man about our age behind her, kind of looking at us, and I said, "is that your man?"
She turned and looked at him and then back at me and said, "no, I don't have a man." He paddled away, and we continued to talk.
I loved her company and her cool vibe, and I awkwardly told her so. I asked her whether she'd like to get a drink with me or go with me to the hot tub, and she said yes to both. I couldn't believe my good luck! With no stairs nearby in the deep end, I watched as she climbed up and out of the pool. I watched as her lovely ass came into view, as her ballet dancer body popped up onto the deck, wet and naked, and my breath caught in my throat. I climbed out and as she grabbed her towel from her chair I walked to the bar and ordered drinks for us, which we then took to the large hot tub. Sitting in the warm water with jets on our backs, among a group of about 6 or 8 other naked adults, sipping our drinks, we continued to talk about everything and nothing, and eventually she said she was going to get out and go have a cigarette. I somehow took this to be her way of saying "Okay, it's been nice, thanks for the drink, goodbye!" and so I smiled a big smile and said, "it was great meeting and speaking with you." And I really did mean it. But my amazing good luck hadn't run out yet.
"Come and find me later," she said.
"That won't be too hard," I told her. "I'm sitting right near you. I'm the guy who laughed when you walked up with burning feet and sandals in your hands." We both laughed again, and away she went.
She smoked her cigarette in her lounge chair, about 15 feet away from mine, and then caught my attention and pointed out two side-by-side chairs a row back. I moved my things and pushed my new chair and hers close together, hoping I wasn't presuming too much. As we stretched out in our new lounge chairs, I found excuses to touch her hand or arm as we spoke, all the while admiring the lovely view of her inches from me and stretched out naked in the sun.
Eventually she suggested we go sit in the pool, this time over in the shallow end. We walked to the other side of the pool, left towels and sandals on the bench and stepped into the foot-and-a-half deep water and sat down very close to each other. I had my knees bent and my feet pulled toward me, and when I tentatively draped an arm around her shoulder she didn't object.
She then leaned in close and wrapped her arm around my bent knees, and asked "is this okay?"
I laughed. "It's wonderful!" I said, happily.
At about this point, something started to happen to me that never really happens in nudist settings. I started getting hard. Very hard. I hoped the way I was sitting hid that fact. But then Lynn moved through the shallow water toward my feet and started to "climb" up my body and pretty soon her lovely small breasts were brushing up against my very hard cock. I was embarrassed and turned on at once, but when she moved up and kissed me, fireworks just went off. I truly could not believe this was happening to me. This amazing woman and I were kissing. And wow, could she kiss! A good kiss became a great one, open mouthed and passionate.
After a while, and after my erection settled down (it is NOT acceptable to walk around with an erection at most nudist resorts), we headed back to the chairs. I suggested another drink.
We walked away from each other for a moment, throwing out trash, visiting the rest rooms, etc., and as we met again near the bar, I took her in my arms and we danced a few steps to the music playing over the outdoor speakers. I don't claim to be a great dancer, but it just worked. Other couples watching said very nice things, appreciating our happiness and our dance steps, most probably assuming we were a long-time couple who danced together regularly. We thanked them, got our drinks, and moved back to the hot tub.
This time in the hot tub was different, and much more intimate. I pulled Lynn into my arms and we kissed deeply. I got hard again and she pulled herself to me, grinding us together. A small movement of hips by either of us, and I would have been inside her. But we kept it to this for today. Lots of kissing and lots of wonderful contact, lots of smiles and laughter, but nothing more.
A few more hours passed in each other's company, and eventually it was time to go. She pulled a tiny little dress (was it tie-dye?) from her bag. It had just a single strap to go around her neck, leaving her back bare, and draping over that amazing little dancer's body. She slipped it on, and slipped on her sandals. I put my sandals on but stayed naked for the walk back to the car, as I usually do. We shared another long and wonderful kiss at the cars, and exchanged numbers, not knowing whether we'd see each other again. I really hoped we would. I watched her get into a cute little VW Beetle and I then got into my car. We drove out together and soon went our separate ways, but the smile she put on my face didn't fade on the long drive home.
(We did see each other again, and our friendship got more intimate. If there is interest I will post some of those stories here.)