Part 1
I always thought my old roommate was gorgeous, but as I got to know her over the years I also discovered what a great person she is. She is caring and generous, as well as having a wicked sense of humor. Back when I met her, the fact that she had a great ass and gorgeous blue eyes was just about enough for me to agree to have her share my apartment. Just to be clear though, it wasn't a sexual thing when I offered her the room, it was just a feeling that this was a person I would get on with. Over the years I have been pretty lucky with this feeling, and it was certainly the case with her.
We have stayed in touch for the 10 years since we shared the apartment. In that time, she has gone from being a cute, somewhat ditzy 19 year old, to a successful woman in charge of budgets worth millions. We were chatting the other day when she told me that she felt like just getting away from everything. I suggested she come and visit me, and we could hang out and drink some red wine. Maybe visit a winery. I was a bit surprised when she immediately said yes, and even more surprised when, a week later, she confirmed her plans with me, to tell me she was coming over for a few days.
A couple of weeks later I picked her up at the airport. It is always great to see her, and we always have a long, close, hug. This time was no difference, and it was as good as it always is. Eventually we separated and headed to the car. We stopped off for a bottle of red wine on the way back to my apartment, but couldn't decide, so we ended up getting a dozen just in case! We got home, and I set her up in the spare room, then went to pour a couple of glasses of wine. I was sitting on the couch when she comes into the living room, wearing what I assume are her pajamas. In reality they were a flimsy pair of short shorts, and an equally flimsy T-shirt, with a really big collar, so the opening for her head fell over one of her shoulders.
'Jesus,' I exclaimed. 'I'd forgotten what your pajamas are like. I've only seen you wearing business clothes over the past 10 years or so.'
'Oh, sorry hun, I didn't think about it. Do you want me to change?'
'Of course not, dumbass,' I joked. 'You do whatever you want. You are the guest.' I was happy for her to wear skimpy clothes, but also wanted her to feel comfortable. 'Wine?' I asked, handing her the glass.
She settled down on the chair next to me, nestling down amongst the cushions. So much seemed familiar. We were just relaxing at home, like we did a long time ago. We were both older, but it didn't seem like it. Certainly not for her. She still had great legs and a great ass. And, as always, I couldn't stop looking at those huge big blue eyes.
'I can't believe how dumb I was when we used to live together,' she said, after we had been talking for a while.
'What do you mean?'
'I was such an idiot. Running around, partying, shagging, doing dumb things. I don't know how you handled it.'
'Don't be silly, that is what you are supposed to do when you're 19! As for handling it, it was kind of fun. It had been about 10 years since I'd done that stuff, so it made me feel young.'
She smiled, which made her eyes light up. 'Well, I'm glad. I'm also glad you didn't know about everything that went on.'
'I'm sorry?'
'Well, there were a couple of close calls.'
'Ok, this is getting interesting. Like what?'
'There were a couple of times you almost caught me naked when I was going from the bathroom back to my bedroom.'
'Damn, that's a shame. But it wouldn't have been my fault if you were the one walking through the living room naked to get back to your bedroom.'
'Oh, I know it would have been my fault. In fact, that was a bit of the thrill. That and being too lazy to put a robe on.'
'Thrill?'
'Well, a quick little nudie run in the morning gets the heart rate up. No harm done.'
'No harm?' I asked. 'I'm not sure what is worse, not catching you, or knowing that I didn't catch you. I think it would have been better not to know!'
'Ok, you really aren't going to like this then.'
'Go on,' I said.
'Well, one time you nearly caught me masturbating on the couch.'
'I beg your pardon?'
'You heard,' she said, turning a little red.
'Ok, I need the details.'
'Well,' she started, getting a little embarrassed. Then she hesitated.
'Ok, you don't have to tell me if you don't want to,' I said. 'I'll go first if you want?'
She seemed a little relieved, and more than a little interested.
'You almost caught me doing the same, except not in the living room, out on the balcony.'
'What! Outside?'
'Yup.'
'How?' she asked.
'Ok. Well.' Now it was me who hesitated a bit. 'I was tanning outside, and you know I don't like tan lines. You weren't home, obviously. Then I started getting a bit turned on. And then a bit more. So, I was lying on my back, tanning, and started rubbing myself. Suddenly I heard the front door unlock, so I bolted from where I was on the balcony, through the sliding doors direct to my bedroom.'
'Haha, that's so funny.' She hesitated, then seemed to make her decision. 'Well, what did you do then?'
'You want details?' I asked.
'Sure, why not,' she said confidently.
'Well, I was in my bedroom. Then I realized the bedroom door was open to the living room. But I couldn't close it without you seeing me. But I heard you going out onto the balcony. Now, the bedroom door was open and so was my screen door to the balcony. The towel was on the ground outside, so I assumed you would know I was home. I was kind of standing there, trying to work out what to do.'
'Oh,' she said. 'I think I remember that day. I thought: that's weird, there is a towel on the ground, he must be home. Then I wandered over to your screen door and saw it was open.'
'And what did you see?'
'Nothing in your room.'
'That's because I had grabbed some shorts and a shirt from the floor and gone around to the living room. I was putting them on as fast as I could. I almost tripped over putting my leg into the shorts.'
'Ok, now I definitely remember. I assumed you were tanning. Then I turned around and saw you inside and was surprised and thought maybe I was wrong. It is a pity really. If I'd known you were fine with tanning on the balcony I would have done the same myself.'
'Naked?' I asked.
'Well. Maybe not naked. But probably topless.'
'Damn. I really, really wish I'd known that then. That would have been awesome! But anyway, that's my story.' Then I stopped and let the silence encourage her to continue.
'Ok, well, you told me yours, so here goes.'
'Hang on, I'll pour some more wine first,' I said. Then she told her story.
'Let me try to remember. I was home by myself and decided to clean the house. You had your computer on the dining table, with some discs scattered around. I was dusting so I was moving things around and noticed that at the bottom of the pile of discs was one titled: One Night in Paris.'
'What? Whoops, sorry about that.'
'No problem at all hun. Now, where was I. Ok, so I saw it and thought, hang on, is that the movie of Paris Hilton? And I was curious. So, I took it and put it into the DVD player, and I discovered it was indeed the video of Paris Hilton. I was intrigued, so I settled down on the couch to watch it.'
'Just to watch?'
'That was the intention at the start. But then I started to get turned on. She is pretty hot. And, well, one thing led to another.'
'What thing led to what other?'
'Haha, you have a dirty mind.' She hesitated. 'Ok, rubbing my pussy on the outside of my shorts led to putting my hand down my shorts, which led to rubbing my clit and fingering myself. Is that what you wanted to know?'
'Yes,' I smiled. 'That is exactly what I wanted to know. So, what happened? How did I interrupt?'
'Well, like you, I heard the door open. Luckily, I was still clothed and the remote was nearby, so I just took my fingers out of my pussy, wiped them on my pants, and turned off the TV. Then when I had a chance I took the DVD out and put it back where I found it. Then, if I recall correctly, I went to my room for a nap,' at which point she did the traditional air quotes, 'and finished myself off.'
'Good girl,' I said. 'No point in leaving yourself hanging.'
'My thoughts exactly.' There was silence for a moment. 'So, did you finish yourself off after I almost caught you?'
'Nah,' I said. 'With the stress of almost being caught I got an instant soft on. That was the end for me.'
There was a moment of silence, then I decided to call it a night. 'Ok sweetie. I have to work tomorrow, you don't. I'm going to go to bed. You should stay up. And we can continue chilling and drinking tomorrow when I get home.'
'Aww, that's a shame. About tonight I mean. But I understand.'
'Ok, night sweetie.'
Then I went to bed. Before going to sleep I found the old Paris video on the internet and sent her the link: 'Here you go sweetie. Something to help you sleep, perhaps.' A couple of minutes later I got the response, 'Hahaha. Thanks, hun. I'll be sure to watch it. Love you lots.'
Part 2
The next night I got home from work and she had a glass of wine waiting for me. She was halfway through one herself. I assumed it was her first, but in hindsight, she may have started earlier. I went to my room to get changed into shorts and a T-shirt, then joined her in the living room. She was wearing workout gear, a tight singlet and tight little shorts. She looked hot.
'Been working out?' I asked.
'Well, I did plan to, but then ran out of time.'
'You ran out of time?'
'Yes,' she said. 'I ran out of time. And before you ask, it was your fault, and it was related to the link you sent me last night.'
'Hahaha. Ok, that makes sense. Good for you.'
'Really? I wasn't expecting that reaction.'
'Why not? Why would I mind?'
'Well, I guess no reason.'
'I don't mind at all. Because now I get to ask, how?'
'How?'
'How?' I asked again. 'You don't have to answer anything, but I'm always really interested in masturbation. How? Rubbing your clit? Fingering yourself. Sitting? Lying back? Lying on your stomach? Naked, or partially dressed? Dildo? Vibrator?' I paused. 'You know, how?'
'Hahaha,' she laughed. She was a little nervous but kept going. 'That covers just about everything I think. Ok, you asked. Outside on the deck. Naked so I could tan. Sitting on the chair with my legs over the arms. Rubbing my clit and a vibrator in my pussy. Anyway, let's move on. What's the plan for tonight?'
I hesitated for a moment, desperate to investigate all that information further, but she wanted to move on, so I had to respect that. 'I have no plan, apart from sitting down and drinking wine with you.'
'Well, sit your ass down then,' she said.
'Ok then,' I said, then I settled down on the couch. I smiled. 'It is so nice to see you sweetie. Having you here reminds me of lots of fond memories.'
'Me too.'
'Though I have to say, one thing is very different.'
'What's that hun?'
'Well, you fill in that singlet a lot more than when we used to live together.'
'Hahaha. I was wondering if you would say something! Yes, I have much bigger tits now. Back in those days the only reason I needed to wear a bra was to hold the chicken fillets so I had a little bit of cleavage.'
I smiled. 'Well, for the record they were great before, especially when you were wearing your pajamas in the morning and your nipples were sticking out. By the way, it always used to annoy me when you would cover them up. But I digress. They were good then, they are spectacular now.'
'Thanks, hun. I like them. Tits are awesome!'
'I completely agree,' I said. 'But I'm a bit surprised, my female gay friends have told me that they don't get why guys think tits are such a big deal, because they are always just there on their chest, so it is just normal for them.'
'Well, they are entitled to their opinion, but I am too. I love them. Could look at them for hours.'
'Haha. Well, in that case, I'm surprised you liked the Paris video. She doesn't have big ones.'
'Good point. But they are still a really nice shape, and she is really hot. And anyway, watching her getting eaten out is great no matter how big her tits are.'
'Hahaha, didn't think you would go there, but I couldn't agree more.' Then I got a bit bolder.
'So,' I asked, 'as a huge fan of boobs, have you ever played with any other than your own? Have you ever had a dip in the lady-pond?'
'I beg your pardon,' she replied.
'I mean, have you ever had sex with a girl?'
'Haha, is that what that means?'
'Yes. And the answer is?'
'The answer is no.'
'Really? Wow, that surprises me, especially with your love of boobs.'
'Well, I'm not really that adventurous.'
'Really? No offence, but that really does surprise me.'
'I'm really not. I like sex and may have made some mistakes when I was drunk, but never even kissed a girl.'
'Do you want to?'
'Honestly, I'm not sure. Women don't turn me on like guys do. And I really love dick, so I haven't really thought a lot about it. But I definitely find some women hot.'
'Like who? What's your type?'
'Haha. Ok. My type is cute and kind of fun and sarcastic. Jennifer Lawrence. Anna Kendrick. Kate Beckinsale. Alison Brie. Alice Eve.'
'Wow, you have thought this through, haven't you?'
'Scarlett Johansson, Charlize Theron, Mila Kunis.'
'Hey, those last two don't have big tits.'
'No, I know, but they are hot.'
'Yes, they are.'
'Do you need anymore?' she asked.
'Sure, one more,' I joked.
'Emily Ratajkowski,' she immediately said. 'I could look at her all day.'
'Haha. Me too. Thanks for that. I think I have a good impression of your tastes. And, for the record, I wholeheartedly agree.'
'Really? So, we have the same taste in women?'
'Haha. Yes, I guess so.'
'Ok, my turn now. Have you ever been with a guy?' she asked.
'Ha. No.'
'Want to?'
'No. I've actually thought about it a bit, because as you know, I'm a bit effeminate. But I really like girls.'
'Ok, fair enough,' she said.
We kept chatting about all sorts of things. It was one of the things I loved about her. We could talk so effortlessly and for hours. It was nice to just have that relaxed connection. As we talked we drank.
'Woah, just about finished the next bottle,' I said.
'Shit. That was easy. It also explains why I'm drunk now!'
'Yup, and also why it is dark outside. Crap, it's after 10pm already.'
'What do you mean, 'Crap'. Past your bedtime?'
'Actually, yes. But that is not what I'm suggesting. I was just a bit surprised it was so late already.'
'Me too,' she agreed. 'But it is no big deal, I don't want to go to bed yet. Want to go out?'
'Jesus, yeah, because I love crowded bars and noisy dance clubs.'
'Ok. I knew it was a long shot. You sure you don't want to go out dancing?'
I was pretty sure she was teasing, but I still replied, 'Very sure.'
We both took a sip of our wine and sat in silence for a short time. Then she asked a question.
'Well, this is your town, I'm assuming you know where the strip clubs are. What about that?'
This got my attention.
'I most definitely know where they are. You want to go? Look at all the lovely titties?'
'I didn't suggest it for you!'
'Well, in that case, I would love to escort you to a strip club. I've never gone with a girl before, and the idea of it really turns me on.'
'Really? Why?'
'I'm not completely sure. Just the idea of the woman being there looking at the strippers. I find it hot.'
'Well, I'm thinking much the same thing, so I can't criticize you for it I suppose.'
I smiled, 'Ok, let's do this. We should get changed into something more respectable.'
'Ok. Can I make a suggestion?' she asked.
'Of course.'
'Let's dress up. I'll wear a nice dress, and you wear a suit.'
'Done. That sounds kind of fun.'
We went to our rooms to get changed, then met back in the living room.
'Jesus,' I said. She looked incredible. 'You scrub up pretty well.'
She was wearing the classic little black dress. It was low cut and showed off her tits perfectly. Lots of cleavage. More than I'd ever seen before. It showed off her ass too. And she was wearing cute red high heels.
She smiled, 'Thanks hun. You look very handsome yourself.'
I went over and gave her a hug. She was already a little taller than me, and with the heels she was a lot taller, so my head was closer to her chest than her head. I turned my head and gave her a kiss on the exposed part of her chest.
'Cheeky!' she exclaimed.
I looked up at her, 'Sorry sweetie.'
She laughed, 'Don't worry, it was funny. No problem at all.'
With that we left, hand in hand, more than a bit tipsy, and heading to the strip club.
When we walked into the club there were more than a few heads turn to look at us. Well, her. I'm pretty sure this made us both happy. We sat near the stage, but not close enough that we were expected to be putting dollar bills in garters.
'What do you think?' I asked.
'About the place? Or the girls?'
'Both.'
'Well, the place is fascinating. Seeing the reactions of the guys looking at the girls is so weird. This must be what it would be like if social norms were different. There is no hiding or subtlety, guys are just staring at tits and asses.'
'I know, great isn't it!'
A hot girl in a skimpy outfit came over to us and asked us what we wanted to drink, so we ordered and started to look around the room.
'See anyone you like? Lap dance is on me,' I said.
'Awww, you are sweet. But I couldn't do it by myself, I'm too nervous. Can you come with me?'
'Nervous? Really? Why?'
'Well, this is pretty new to me. I know you've been before, but I haven't. And the idea of a dance is pretty hot, but pretty scary too. I've never done anything like it before.'
'Ok, that all sounds fair. I would love to have a lap dance with you, so, no problem.'
'Thanks hun.'
We continued to look around, and both of us ended up staring at an athletic girl with huge tits. Not that big a surprised! She saw us looking and came over to the table.
'Hi guys. Enjoying yourselves,' she asked.
We assured her we were. Then I got straight to the point.
'We were wondering if you could do a lap dance for the two of us?' I asked.
'Well, technically no,' she said, 'but I can do a private dance for both of you.'
I looked at my gorgeous friend, who looked at my quizzically.
'A private dance is in a private area out the back somewhere. Usually they are comfortable, we will be sitting on a couch, and this lovely girl will be dancing for us. Are you up for it?'
She nodded. So, I confirmed with the stripper and she took both of us by the hand and led us to the private lounges.
We sat down on the couch and the stripper started swaying to the music. She asked if we had been to a private dance before and I told her that I had, but that my friend, who was looking a bit uncomfortable, hadn't.
'You can relax sweetheart,' the stripper said to my friend, 'nothing will happen here that you don't want to.'
'Ok, so what will happen? What can you do?'
'Well, I strip naked and dance. I can sit on you and grind on you, but you can't touch me or grab me.'
My friend looked at me, then she smiled a little.
'Can you handle that,' I asked.
'I think so,' she said. And she turned around to the stripper again.
She took her top off and kept dancing so that her tits were bouncing. Then she moved over to me and slapped me with them. She was motorboating me, but her tits were so big it felt almost like a slap. They felt so smooth on my face and smelt great. I was smiling when she pulled away and looked over to my friend who was watching me closely.
'Would you like that sweetheart,' the stripper asked.
My friend turned to her and smiled hesitantly.
'I'll take that as a yes,' she said, and she moved towards my friend. She did the same as she did to me, as I watched the two women closely. She motorboated her, and then grabbed her by the back of her head and pushed her face into her tits. She slid her tits up and down my friend's face, then moved back a little and motorboated her again. Eventually she moved back, and I had the feeling that the stripper was enjoying it as much as my friend clearly was.
'Wow,' my friend said to the stripper. 'That was amazing. I've never done that with a woman before. I love boobs, but I've never actually touched someone else's before.'
The stripper smiled but didn't say anything. Then she took off her panties and started dancing in front of us again.
'What happens now,' my friend asked me.
'Well, now she will dance for us, and we can ask her to do anything else. She may or may not do it, depending on whether she is allowed to, or whether she likes us. Is that right?' I asked the stripper.
'That's it exactly,' she said. 'What would you like me to do?'
'Well, I'd like you to sit on that chair with your legs spread wide for us.'
'I'm not sure about that,' my friend said.
'What's wrong?' the stripper asked.
'Well, I love boobs, but the thought of another woman's pussy makes me a little uncomfortable.'
'It's just a pussy,' she said, and she sat down and did what I asked.
My friend wasn't looking at her pussy, but I was. It was beautiful.
'What do you think?' I asked my friend.
She hesitated a moment, and turned to look at me. 'It is not as bad as I thought it would be. It looks,' she paused for a moment, 'interesting. And the sight of her sitting with her legs spread wide, playing with her nipples, is a turn on. The feeling of spreading your legs is a turn on for most women, I think. We spend our whole lives worried about doing it in public, so it is kind of taboo. Seeing her like that is hot.
'You know I'm right here, don't you?' the stripper asked.
'Haha, of course,' I said. 'How do you feel about sitting like that,' I asked.
'Well, I like if it you like it,' and she smiled. I smiled back, recognizing that she was saying what she thought we wanted to hear, just like she was supposed to.
Not long after she got up and stood on the couch, with one foot either side of my hips, and her pussy just about on my face. She swayed to the music, moving her pussy closer to my face, so that it was gently brushing my nose from time to time. I felt a hand on my hand, and I closed around it.
'What's that like,' my friend asked in a hushed voice that I only just heard above the music.
At that moment the stripper moved off the couch and back onto the chair, she immediately spread her legs onto the arms of the chair and rubbed her clit a couple of quick times before stopping.
'Whew,' I said. 'What's that like? Well, it was everything I could do not to just try to bury my tongue in her pussy. Apart from that, it was awesome. She is so soft and smells great. Do you want one? I guess they would be called a face dance?'
Both me and the stripper looked over at my friend. She hesitated. But the stripper didn't. She got up and moved onto the couch in the same position she had just been with me. My friend didn't recoil, she sat there and let the stripper rub her pussy on her face. She seemed to be making more contact than she did with me. I felt a hand squeeze mine, then release it. I noticed that my friend moved her hand to her pussy and seemed to be rubbing it through her dress. I looked up and the stripper was now clearly pushing her pussy into my friend's face. She had her hands on the back of her head and was sliding up and down her face, with her nose definitely rubbing her clit. Then I looked back and my friend's hand and saw that it was now under her short dress. Her legs had opened a bit and she was clearly rubbing her pussy.
'Wow, this is killing me,' I said. 'Watching a beautiful woman push her pussy into my beautiful friend's face, while she is rubbing her pussy under her dress. Fucking hell.'
The stripper then stopped what she was doing and moved away from my friend. She sat back down again in the now familiar pose, again quickly rubbing her clit before moving her hands away and back to her nipples. I looked at my friend's hand and she had taken it away from her pussy, and was looking at the stripper.
'Don't stop on my account,' the stripper said, looking my friend in the eye.
I was watching closely as my friend slowly moved her legs apart, and pulled her dress up a little, and it wasn't very long to start with. Then she moved her hand under her dress and seemed to be rubbing her clit with her thumb. Her fingers were, I assumed, rubbing her pussy outside her panties.
The stripper kept looking, then eventually, reluctantly said, 'Ok, that's really hot, but you actually shouldn't be doing it. It is against the rules. And, while we are at it, that's actually the end of the dance guys. Thanks so much, I had a lot of fun, and hope you did too.'
I looked at my friend, who had rosy cheeks and was breathing hard.
'I think I can speak for both of us when I tell you that we enjoyed it a lot.'
With that, we left the private room, and left the club. We didn't really talk on the way back to my apartment, just sat in the back of the taxi and held hands.
Part 3
We walked through the door, close it behind us and then we both took a deep sigh at the same time.
'Snap,' she said.
'Haha, exactly. Well, what did you think?'
'That was not quite what I expected.'
'But you liked it?'
She looked at me, 'I did, it was awesome. Thanks so much for coming with me and making me feel safe.' Then she kissed me on the cheek and hugged me.
It was a great hug, as usual. I could feel her tits pushing against me and that, combined with the thoughts of the strip club, made me start to get hard. It wasn't the first time I got hard hugging her, but I would always quickly disengage if I felt it coming on. This time I just ignored it.
'So, is that what I think it is?' she asked.
'Yes, sorry. It is just an automatic reaction.'
'I know dummy. It is fine. I don't mind. It's kind of nice to know that I can turn someone on.'
'Well, you sure can,' and with that I straightened up and pulled away.
She looked down at my crotch and smiled.
'Don't!' I said, defensively. 'It's embarrassing.'
'Don't be embarrassed, it is fine. I'm not embarrassed. It is not like I haven't seen a bulge before.' She reached out and slid a finger along the length. Then she giggled, 'sorry, I shouldn't have done that.'
Now it was my turn to not be embarrassed. 'Don't be embarrassed, it's fine. I'm not,' I mimicked, and laughed.
She laughed too, then said, 'Ok, the drink is definitely talking now, and being horny from that stripper.' She was looking at me now, then she took a step backwards. She slipped off her shoes, reached to the straps on her shoulders and slid them off. Then she twisted the dress around and undid the zip at the back. She was still looking at me as she slid the dress down her body. She stopped just before revealing her nipples.
'Don't say anything,' she said. 'I feel like I'm the stripper now, do you like what you see? Just nod or shake your head.'
I looked her in the eyes and smiled, then nodded.
She started sliding the dress down again, uncovering her tits completely, and then kept going until the dress was bunched at her waist. She came over and took my hands in hers, then put them on her tits.
I took her nipples in my fingers and tweaked them both, then squeezed them with my whole hand.
'That feels good, keep going,' she said.
I kept squeezing them, alternating my gaze from her tits to her eyes. Then I moved around behind her. I quickly took off my jacket and shirt, then I reached around and grabbed her tits again and held her close. I pushed my cock against her, then tweaked her nipples again.
'That's great, but not what I want right now.' She took my hands away and turned around to face me. She took my face in her hands, then slid her arms further behind my head, and pulled my face towards her tits. I didn't need any more help, and I quickly leaned forward and took a nipple in my mouth. I licked round and round her nipple, leaving a trail of saliva, then licked all the way across to the other nipple and did the same. I licked all over her breast, then moved back to the other one and did the same. Then I went back to the middle and licked up and down between her tits. She pushed her tits together and jiggled back and forth, motorboating me. Then I pulled back and looked at her. I couldn't help but start to laugh.
'How dare you,' she said.
'Sorry, I can't help it. The motorboating was awesome, but funny too.'
Then she laughed. 'I know, I was giggling to myself too. But you have ruined the mood!'
'I'm sorry. Really sorry. Like, really, really sorry. The mood was awesome, and I was really enjoying myself. Were you?'
'Of course. You think I got these puppies to keep them to myself? They deserve to be free.'
'They sure do,' I agreed. Then I asked, 'So, what now?'
'Well, right now I need to finish something I started.' She kept looking at me and moved her hands to the dress at her waist. She started pushing it down a bit, wriggling as it was going over her hips. Eventually it got past and fell the rest of the way down her legs, revealing the fact that she was not wearing panties. Also, that she was clean shaven. She looked at me, then reached down to her pussy and slowly rubbed her clit.
'Hang on, did you have no panties on when you were rubbing yourself at the club?' I asked.
'I was doing more than just rubbing myself,' she said, and laughed.
I looked at my beautiful naked friend, her tits still glistening from my licking, and her hand rubbing her clit.
'Wow,' I said. 'You are really incredible. What now?'
'Well, I don't know about you, but I need to come. Ordinarily I would say that I need to be fucked, but, I'm worried that it will affect what we have. I love our friendship. I won't risk that, but I am really horny and you looked after me at the strip club. I don't want to just hide in my room and masturbate. It seems a bit silly at this point.'
'Ok, that is fine. What about you go and get your vibrator, and we go outside so you can use the deck chair again. I'll sit opposite you and watch,' I paused for a moment then continued, 'and remind me later to ask you why you brought a vibrator on a 3-day visit!'
'Haha, I'll tell you now. It is because I really like my vibrator! Also, when I get back, you better do more than watch, you need to come too.'
'Ok, you talked me into it.'
We both stood there for a moment. She was still rubbing herself and watching her was turning me on so much, I didn't want to break the moment. I undid my pants, and took them off, and my socks, and shirt. I stood in front of her naked for a moment, then turned and went outside to arrange the chairs.
Shortly afterwards the door slid open and she walked through. She went to sit on the chair, the one she had masturbated on earlier in the day, and hooked her legs over the arms, showing me her pussy.
'Well,' I said, 'I now know that you have beautiful eyes, a beautiful smile, a great ass, great tits, AND a beautiful pussy.'
'Aww, thanks hun.'
'Are you going to put that vibrator in it?'
'I sure am. Are you going to start rubbing that cock of yours?'
'I sure am.'
I started rubbing my cock and watched as she turned on the vibrator. She rubbed it against her clit, gently at first and then harder.
'What are you thinking about,' I asked.
She smiled. 'I'm thinking about that stripper. I'm thinking about how hot she was. What about you?'
'I'm thinking about you and how hot you look sitting there like that, with your legs open and a vibrator in your hand.'
'Aww, that's sweet,' she joked. 'Are you trying to make me feel guilty because I didn't say I was thinking about you?'
'Hahaha. Damn. I thought I was more subtle than that. You got me sweetie. Ok. I'm definitely thinking about how hot you look, but I'm also thinking about that stripper.'
'What about her?'
'I'm thinking about her with her legs spread wide.'
'You really do have a thing about that, don't you?'
'I really do.'
'Anything else?' she asked.
'Well, I'm also thinking about how you looked when her pussy was right in your face. And the fact that you were fingering your pussy while she was doing it.'
'Yeah, that was a bit crazy. I really wasn't sure what was happening when she started rubbing her pussy against my face. But it was so, I don't know. Wrong? Forbidden? I don't know. But enough of that,' she said, then looked me in the eyes, 'I'm about to push this vibrator as far as I can into my pussy and I want to make sure you are watching me do it.' Then she did exactly what she said. The was looking at me while pushing the vibrator in and out of her pussy. I was rubbing myself and, after getting so hot watching the stripper earlier, it wasn't going to take me long.
'I'm coming soon, she said, 'you better get off too.'
'I'm with you.'
We both looked at each other. For the next minute our eyes switched between watching our hands masturbating and looking at each other's eyes. Then it was time for us both to release what had been building up for hours, and I exploded. It was one of the hardest orgasms I could remember, and when I recovered and looked at my friend, I could see she was sitting on the chair, with her legs still wide, gently rubbing her clit.
'That was impressive,' she said, and indicated her tits.
I looked and saw that they had some of my come on them.
'Wow,' I said. 'Sorry. What can I say, I've been pretty turned on for a long time. Sorry about that.'
She smiled, 'no need to be sorry,' and she rubbed the come with her fingers and put them in her mouth. 'I'm a fan of come. Thanks.' Then she pushed two fingers into her pussy, stood up and moved over to me. She offered me her fingers, which I took into my mouth and sucked greedily. Trying to get all of the taste of her that I could. I looked up into her eyes. She was standing above me, her pussy at my mouth height, he beautiful tits sticking out from her chest, and her beautiful eyes looking down at me. Eventually I stopped sucking, and stood up, continuing to hold her hand.
'Wow, that was awesome. I wish we had done this when we were living together!' she said.
'Well, you're staying for another day. Let's make the most of it?'
'How?'
'Well, for a start. We are going to tan. That means nude Saturday.'
'That sounds fun, but I'd rather go to the beach. It is going to be a beautiful day.'
A thought occurred to me. I wasn't sure what she would say but I felt like now was probably the best chance I'd ever have to suggest it. 'Well, how about we do both and go to the nudist beach up north?'
She hesitated and looked away. Then looked back into my eyes and said, 'You know what. Fuck it. Let's do that.'
We slept together that night but didn't do anything. We cuddled and slept. When I woke up she was already up. I got up and went to the living room to find her watching tv, with a coffee, but without any clothes. She looked up at me with a sparkle in her eyes.
Part 4
The nudist beach was about an hour drive away, and it was a perfect day to be driving up the coast. We were both excited about going to the beach, and nervous, of course. My friend was wearing tiny shorts and a tiny singlet over her bikini, which was barely decent unless you were at the beach. We had been driving about three quarters of an hour when she looked over at me, then without saying anything took her singlet off. I smiled, and she smiled back. Then, without hesitating, she took off her bikini top too.
'Wow,' I said.
'You like?'
'Of course I do, beautiful. You know they are spectacular.'
'But not real,' she pointed out.
'But who cares,' I joked. 'You want to get a head start on tanning?'
'Partly. But partly I was just feeling naughty and wanted to tease you.'
'Well, mission accomplished! Are you going to tease the truck that is about to pass us?'
She suddenly got flustered and covered her tits, ensuring that the truck driver had no stories to tell his friends the next time he stopped.
'Why did you do that?' I asked.
She relaxed and uncovered her tits again. 'Haha. I don't really know. Reflex probably.'
'Well, we are nearly there so maybe it is a good idea to cover up. I'm not sure what the protocol is.'
I followed the signs to the beach, going past the signs warning people that it was a nudist beach. I looked over at her and she seemed to be getting as excited as I was.
'You ready?' I asked as I pulled into a parking spot.
'I think so,' she replied. 'There don't seem to be many cars here, which helps.'
We got out of the car, got our towels and sunscreen from the trunk, then started walking down through the dunes to the beach.
We walked about a couple of hundred yards down the beach and found a spot somewhat secluded between to outcroppings of dunes, but still looking at the water about 30 yards away. We spread out our towels and stood up, looked at each other and smiled.
'Ready?' I asked.
'Definitely,' she said. Then I watched her as she took off her singlet, this time without the bikini underneath, and saw her tits bounce as the singlet went over her head. Then she immediately took her shorts off, pulling her bikini bottoms off with them. She threw them onto the ground, stood up and faced me.
'Well, what do you think?'
'You know what I think, and you can probably tell too.'
She looked down and saw my hardon.
'Yep, sure can. But keep going. It's your turn now.'
I pulled off my t-shirt and pulled down my shorts, quickly sharing her nudity. I stood up, with my dick poking out, and looked at her.
'What are you thinking?' she asked.
'I'm thinking that I am so glad you are here with me. I've been wanting to come here for so long but have never had the courage before. Thankyou.'
'Well, I hadn't ever thought of coming here before, but I'm so glad I did. So, thank you for that.'
I moved over to her and gave her a kiss on the cheek, careful not to poke her with my dick. 'Well, we should do the sunscreen thing I think.'
With that we both rubbed sunscreen, first on ourselves, then on each other's backs. This was just as hot as you would expect, and we both lingered on each other more than was probably necessary.
When we were finally done we were standing facing each other.
'Only one thing to do now, I said.'
'What's that?'
'We need to walk to the water and go for a swim.'
'I was kind of hoping you wouldn't say that. It sounds scary. But we have come all this way so I know we have to. Ready?' she asked.
I took her hand and we walked through the soft sand to the water. It was an amazing feeling. Walking naked at the beach. Probably for the first time since I was about 2 years old, before a lifetime of learning that covering up is right and being nude is wrong. I looked over at my friend, but my eyes didn't get past her tits, bouncing in that way that fake boobs do.
'Nice tits,' I said.
'Thanks hun. I just got them,' she joked. And we both laughed.
We kept walking until our feet hit the water, then stopped and looked around.
'Are we going in?' she asked.
I didn't answer, just turned and walked into the water. I kept wading in, with my friend right beside me.
'Wow, this feels awesome, I said. There is just something about having the water on my dick and balls, without anything covering them. It just feels free somehow. What about you?'
'Same with me hun. The water feels so great on my clit. And the fact that I have my puppies out in public is pretty great too.'
We stayed in the water for a short time. Diving and splashing around like kids. Then headed back to our towels. We didn't dry off, just lay on our backs on our towels. Not long after our heads had hit the towels we both noticed that a girl was walking over to us. When I say 'girl', she was probably in her early twenties. She waved when it was clear we had noticed her, then came over to talk. I'm sure we were both watching closely as her tits bounced on their way towards us.
She smiled at us, 'Beautiful day, isn't it?'
'Sure is,' we both replied, and probably both looked a little embarrassed.
'First time here?' she asked.
'Is it that obvious?'
'Haha, yes it is. But that is ok, everyone has to have a first time. I'm here by myself, but it is always exciting to come here with your partner.'
'We aren't together,' my friend explained.
'Oh, well in that case, based on how you were watching my tits on the way over, I assume you're gay?' she asked me.
'Umm, I'm not sure why you would think that, but I'm not gay,' she answered.
'That's a shame.'
I quickly explained, 'But she does love tits, which it seems like you noticed.'
'A straight girl who loves tits. That sounds interesting. Mind if I join you?'
We looked at each other, unsure of the protocol of inviting naked strangers to join you, but she seemed comfortable and friendly, so we invited her onto our towels, and slide back a bit to make room for her.
'So, nude beach?' she asked my friend. 'Why did you come, if you don't mind me asking? It's not usual for a straight non-couple to come.'
'Well,' my friend replied, 'we used to be roommates, just platonic. I'm over visiting and we ended up telling some stories about what happened when we were living together, and..'
'Like what?'
'Well, we each had stories about nearly catching the other naked, or masturbating.' She hesitated and looked over at me. I indicated that she should keep talking. 'Then we started talking about girls and boobs. Then we ended up going to a strip club last night, first time for me.'
'What did you think?' she asked.
'Well, it was really hot. I love boobs and naked girls.'
'Private dance?'
'Ummm, yes.'
'Oh cool, so you went all out then?'
'Well, I don't know about that, but it was pretty great.'
'And that made you decide to come to a nude beach?' she asked.
'Well,' and my friend hesitated again, looking over at me. Then continued, 'Well, afterwards, and I know I said we weren't a couple, but we were both pretty hot, and we ended up masturbating in front of each other to get off.'
'Wow, that's hot.'
'Yes. It was. Anyway, my friend here already knew he was an exhibitionist, but the night made me realize I was too. I always liked wearing tight clothing, but never really had the guts to go nude.'
I jumped in here, 'and I never had the guts to go to a nude beach by myself. It always seemed a bit creepy. No offence. Sorry. I know you are by yourself, but it seems worse for guys to do it.'
'Haha, no offence taken. I come here because I like to get an all over tan, and I like to show off. And sometimes I have fun conversations with people, like we are now. So, is this what you expected?' she asked my friend, clearly more interested in her.
'Well, I thought there would be more couples. I was half expecting there would be people trying to slyly have sex or something.
'Haha, well, that does happen.'
'Has it happened to you?' my friend asked, getting bolder.
She smiled, 'yes.'
'What was that like?'
'It was sensational, you want to hear the story?'
We both smiled and nodded in agreement, so she settled down in front of us. We all sat cross legged in a triangle as she started her story.
'I was here with my girlfriend. We were just over there. Sitting. Relaxing. People watching. It was really hot so she was redoing sunscreen after being here a couple of hours. I noticed that she was spending a lot of time on her pussy. Her legs were getting wider and wider. Still subtle for someone unless they were close, but I could tell. I asked her if she was nearly finished. She turned over and smiled, then told me that she would finish faster if I was rubbing the sunscreen into her. So, I stood up to help her and she rolled over onto her stomach. I started on her shoulders. After a while I straddled her. I was sitting on her ass. I was getting hot and I started pushing my clit against her, grinding. I was trying to keep an eye out to see if there was anyone around but wasn't doing a good job. Then it was time for her to turn over. I stood up and she rolled over then reached up and started rubbing my clit. This really shocked me. I looked around again but still couldn't see anyone. She put her finger into me and could tell how wet I was. She asked me if there was anyone around. There wasn't, then she told me to sit on her face. I was shocked. We hadn't done anything like that, but I was really turned on by then.'
At this point I was turned on too. I was really hard but trying not to rub it. I looked at my friend, and asked, 'are you as turned on as I am?'
She blushed.
'Yes, it is all I can do not to rub myself.'
'If you don't mind, I'd like to do that,' the stranger said.
We all looked at each other.
'I've never touched a girl before. Just admired their boobs.'
'You won't be. I'll be touching you.'
Without asking again the stranger moved closer. Then I moved closer too, contracting the triangle.
She reached forward and rubbed up and down my friend's slit, then immediately pushed a finger in.
'You are hot, aren't you?'
My friend didn't answer. Her cheeks had gone a bit red and she was was staring at the stranger's tits.
'Finish the story,' I said.
'Well, there isn't too much more to tell. When she said to sit on her face I did. I was so hot by then. I just wanted her mouth on my pussy until I came. I was grinding on her face and at one point looked around. I noticed that there were a couple of people watching from about 50 yards away. This was when I realized how much of an exhibitionist I was. Rather than stopping or being embarrassed, it turned me on even more and I came almost immediately. When I'd recovered and got off my friend's face, she noticed the people and told me how shocked she was. I told her that I knew they were there, but that just made it better.'
'Jesus,' said my friend. Who was sitting there, staring at a stranger's tits, while that stranger was gently pushing a finger in and out of her pussy.
'How do you feel about this now,' she asked.
'I'm really turned on. A bit confused. I've never felt gay or even bi.'
'Why don't you rub my clit?' she asked.
'I'm not sure that's what I want.'
'You want me to stop?'
'No.'
'Ok, why don't you rub my tits.'
My friend looked at me, I smiled. 'Go ahead,' I said, 'You know you want to.'
She reached forward with both hands and cupped her tits. Then quickly went to the nipples and tweaked them. The stranger reached up with her other hand and took my friend's left tit in her hand. Squeezing it, tweaking it. They stayed like that for a while. Then she moved my friend's hand down to her pussy. This time she went there and started rubbing the stranger's clit.
At this point she moved closer. She uncrossed her legs and spread them so that they were over my friend's thighs, which were still crossed. She reached down, this time with both hands. One pushing two fingers into my friend, the other rubbing her clit. My friend groaned.
Meanwhile I'd started rubbing myself. I looked around and noticed that there was a couple down the beach who were sitting down doing their own thing. They weren't staring so this just spurred me on. I looked back and my friend was obviously close to coming. Two fingers were pumping in and out of her and the other hand was working away on her clit. Meanwhile my friend was frantically rubbing this girl's clit while playing with the nipple in her other hand.
She opened her eyes and looked over at me. 'Jesus Christ, you were right when you told me that I'd like it if I tried it!'
Suddenly the stranger stopped, 'Can i ask you something?'
My friend looked disappointed.
'Don't worry, I'm not going to stop. I just want to go down on you.'
'Jesus, out here?'
'Yes, out here.'
'I've never done that before,' my friend hesitated.
'You don't have to do anything.' and she untangled her legs from my friend and stood up.
'By the way, I want you to eat me too. You don't have to, but I'm going down on you in 69. Just keep rubbing my clit if you want, but I'd love your mouth on my pussy.'
Then she lowered herself. My friend spread her legs wide as she felt a mouth on her pussy and a tongue in it. She reached up and started rubbing the clit. Then pushed two fingers in and started pumping them.
'Taste your fingers,' I told her.
She looked at me, she could tell I was close to coming, as I was watching them 69, and I could tell she was too. Her inhibitions seemed to drop, and she put her fingers in her mouth and sucked them.
'Well?'
She looked at me. Hesitated. Then looked back at the pussy in front of her face, lifted up her head and kissed the pussy. Then she kissed it again. Then she opened her mouth and enclosed the slit. I could see she was using her tongue. Pushing it in, sliding it up and down the slit. Sucking with her whole mouth. This was enough to put me over the edge and I lost focus for a short time.
When I'd recovered I looked around.
The nearest couple had turned around to watch us and were clearly playing with each other. It was almost like they were eating popcorn in a theatre There was another couple of women walking near the water, looking at us, about 20 yards away.
I looked back at my friend who had just started twitching. I could see a mouth on her clit and three fingers in her pussy.
She was almost the opposite, mouth full of pussy, and rubbing the clit with her other hand. I could see them both coming now. They came together, losing control of themselves for a few moments as they climaxed.
After about half a minute she rolled off my friend. She looked at me and I could see how wet her face was. Your friend gives great head, she said. There is hope for her yet
My friend looked up and closed her legs.
'Do you have any idea how wet your face is?' I asked
She looked embarrassed.
'Hey sweetie, don't be embarrassed. It looks awesome. You look awesome. You both do. And our audience loved it.'
They both looked at me then looked around. The couple near us had walked further down the beach and the couple sitting had gotten up and walked to the water, so they didn't see how much attention they had been getting.
'You mean, they could see us?' my friend asked.
'Yes, they were watching intently, from just over there. Actually, I should say, they were watching us intently and playing with each other.'
'Why didn't you say anything?'
'Because they didn't seem to mind us, so I didn't mind them,' I replied. 'What would you have done if I'd said something?'
'Wow, I really don't know. I was so into it. I never thought I'd be that hot for a women's pussy. Thanks for helping make me comfortable to do it. What about you?' she asked me.
'I'm fine. I got my rocks off. And this will be in my memory forever.'
'You sure?'
'I am. I got to watch hot girl on girl action from 3 feet away. At a nude beach. With people watching. And masturbated. And came. Yes, I'm really, really sure.'
'How about you,' she asked the stranger.
'Well, I just came here for a bit tan. I was thinking maybe I'd rub myself if there was a fun audience. Or maybe in the water. Instead I just got great head from a beautiful girl with, on a beautiful day. With an audience three feet away. This was a good day.'
I stood up and said I was going for a swim. 'I'll come,' my friend said. She got up and came over to me and wrapped me in a hug. We were naked. I could feel her beautiful, augmented tits pushing against me. I felt myself getting hard against her but ignored it. The hug seemed to go forever.
'I love you,' she said.
Then we separated and walked to the water. We washed ourselves in the ocean. Getting rid of the sand and the cum and the sweat. I reached out and washed her boobs. She smiled.
Epilogue
We turned and went back to our towels. Our companion for the day was nowhere to be seen.
'Well, that was pretty amazing,' I said. 'Looks like she has gone.'
'Yeah, never even said goodbye.'
We walked closer, then tidied up our towels and sat down again. Then lay down, both on our backs. The sun was hot and bright so we both covered our eyes and relaxed.
'So,' I asked, 'what was it like, playing with her pussy and then eating her. You don't have to answer.'
'I'll answer, if I can. Rubbing her tits and nipples was awesome. In fact, I was close to reaching forward and licking and sucking them. Wish I had actually. But then she moved my hand to her pussy. It was almost like I felt bad because I knew how great she was making me feel, so I felt I should share it. I started rubbing her and it was kind of familiar but not really. And it felt really, forbidden, which was so hot. I think that is why I never thought I'd want to do it, but at the time it made it even hotter. Then I really started getting into it and exploring.'
I was getting hotter and harder and wanted to start playing with myself. I said, 'not to interrupt but right now I want to masturbate while you tell me this. I have no idea if anyone is around. But I'm going to do it. Then I felt her hand on my arm and she reached down to my hand and held it.
'I'm so hot reliving this. If I don't start rubbing myself, I'll go crazy.'
'What are you going to do about it,' I asked.
'I'm going to spread my legs, rub my clit and finger the shit out of my pussy.'
'Jesus. Ok. Keep going with the story.'
'Well, when she went down on me and her pussy was so close to my face that was a bit confronting. But with your encouragement I got over that. It wasn't that I didn't want to, just that I had a lifetime of feeling that I shouldn't. But I tasted her from my fingers and after that just wanted to taste her with my mouth, and that would just about have been enough for me to come.'
'Keep telling me the story but tell me what you're doing first.'
'I've got my legs wide now. Two fingers in my pussy, my palm rubbing my clit. I've got to finish the story quick.'
She continued, 'Just having my whole mouth over her pussy and using my tongue was turning me on as much as her probably. Plus having the feeling of her sucking my clit and fingering me. The whole thing was so hot. Outside in the sun. At the beach. Eating a pussy and having a woman eat mine. Everything that was not supposed happen was. Then knowing you were watching would flitter into my head but I had to push it out otherwise I would have lost it. Jesus, like I am now.'
Then we both came. Connected. Carefree.
I felt her relax and heard her take a deep breath.
'I'm a bit scared to look around now,' she said.
'Haha, me too.'
'What do we do?'
'Well, we just get up and ignore everything.'
So, we both got up and looked around. The couple sitting near us were still there and when I looked over they both waved politely. The other couple were back from their walk and were looking at us from about 20 m away. The women waved and said, 'you guys are great. Thanks.' then they turned and walked away.
I picked up my towel and wiped my come off my chest. My friend wiped her hand and pussy.
Then we collected our gear and walked away.
I took her hand as we walked.
'So, you feel the same as me? I want to be nude as long as I can,' she said.
'Yes.'
We walked as close as we could to the car. Enjoying the sun on our skin and the thrill of doing something forbidden. Then eventually we got dressed just before getting into the car.
The next morning she had a flight home and I dropped her at the airport.
We hugged and kissed. A long gentle kiss on the lips.
'Thanks so much for the weekend my lovely,' she said. 'It is just what I needed, even though I didn't know I wanted it.'
'I'm glad you enjoyed it. I know i did.'
'Thanks for helping me realize how much of an exhibitionist I am, and how great pussy is.'
'Thanks for letting me watch,' I joked, and we both laughed.
Then she pulled away.
'Love you sweetie.'
'Love you honey.'