Hi, my name is Taylor. I know my name is unisex so I should also tell you that I am a girl. I am starting my story at the point shortly after I broke up with a long-time boyfriend named Steve. We had dated for a few years and while things weren't bad they weren't great either. It was one of those relationships that kind of got stuck in the 'things aren't bad enough to end it but I am also not very happy either' situations. It took me some time to realize it but a big part of it was that Steve was very boring. He was a plain, nice guy and I thought I was supposed to settle down with a guy like him. In high school and in the two years before I met Steve I was actually pretty wild and a bit of an exhibitionist. I am also bi-sexual and while I was not a complete slut, I still had my fair share of guys and a few girls before meeting Steve. However, Steve got super jealous when I was attracted to someone else and he even wasn't really comfortable having a threesome with another girl. Over time I realized that there were plenty of people who liked the real version of me and I could be wild and fun if I wanted too. So eventually we broke up and I now want to tell you about my exploits since then.
Now I am sure you all want to know what I look like. I was 22 at the beginning of this story; I am 5'2 and a brunette with blue eyes. Throughout high school I probably didn't crack 100 pounds but I found that made me look too skinny so for most of these stories I was more in the 110-120 range. My ass is not overly large but I'm told it has a nice bubble shape to it – especially for a skinny girl. The feature that attracts the most attention, however, is my rack. Despite having a skinny frame, I have natural DD breasts and nice medium sized, pink nipples. This isn't bragging but I have had more than one person tell me I have perfect boobs – so take that for what it's worth. Since I am a natural flirt and tease, as well as a bit of an exhibitionist, I had no issue flaunting them. I was so comfortable with the attention they brought that at some point some of my friends gave me the nickname 'Double D'. While I enjoyed the attention from men, to be honest I probably like fucking women more than men. However, personality wise I end up getting along way better with most guys than girls so I have been with more guys than girls. But enough about me let's get to the story.
Before I broke up with Steve, I had made plans to borrow my uncle's cabin for a week and had invited two other couples to come with us. Luckily, they were 'my' friends so the plans could go forward more or less. Coming with me were Alice and Tyson as well as Violet and Jay. A minor snag was that Alice and Violet could not get extra time off work so they were only going to be there for the weekend – leaving me alone with the boys for most of the week. This wasn't the end of the world as I had originally made friends with Tyson and Jay plus I wasn't all that close to their girlfriends. The bad part was that I was going alone and they had girlfriends. Vacations have always amped up my sex drive and I have always had a flirty relationship with these guys so I was resigned to that fact that I was probably going to be sexually frustrated this week. At least with both of them staying for the week there was less of a chance I would fuck up their relationships by banging one of them. Also when I think about it, I had a flirty relationship with most of my guy friends (probably why I have an easy time making guy friends) so maybe it wouldn't be so bad.
The weekend was actually a lot of fun despite me being the 5th wheel. I did my best to keep my flirting to a minimum and wore more conservative swimsuits than I normally would so the girls wouldn't be too stressed about going home. Violet was a bit of a drag but I really enjoyed Alice. She was very friendly and fun plus she didn't seem to get jealous when I was with Tyson. She was also really sexy and I found myself checking her out a lot as she wore really skimpy bikinis. She seemed to be fine with Tyson being with me for the rest of week. Violet I was less certain about.
Anyways, the girls left Sunday night and then it was just me and the boys. We spent that night just having a few beers around the fire because we wanted to get a full day in at the beach the next day – and that's just what we did. The next morning we headed down to a small cove away from the main beach with a small dock that was used to launch boats. Since it was a Monday we had the whole beach to ourselves.
Now that I was less concerned about pissing off Alice and Violet I chose to wear my sexy teal bikini –it had tie up bottoms and a push up top that made my DD breasts look even more substantial. I had so much cleavage that it looked like my boobs would spill out at any moment. I may not be able to have sex with them but at least I could enjoy the boys drooling over my body!
It didn't take long either; I could feel their eyes on me as I stripped off the wrap I had worn down to the beach. One of the first things I did was put on tanning oil and the boys were particular memorized as I rubbed tanning oil into my chest. We spent most the day drinking and goofing around at the beach. My tits bounced all over the place as I ran around and I'm sure the boys caught glimpses of my areolas as my top struggled to contain my massive breasts. Throughout the day I let the boys take turns rubbing oil into my back - it sure felt good to have their strong hands touch me after spending the weekend alone. I also enjoyed teasing them by making sure they got a great view of my cleavage whenever I bent over to grab a beer from the cooler.
They day went on and the sexual tension just seemed to grow – which to be fair was probably my fault as I was craving the attention. I was shamelessly flirting and I even admitted to the boys that I can orgasm from nipple play alone in one of our sex conversations. My barely covered body was shining with the combination of oil and sweat from the intense heat. By the middle of the afternoon I was fairly liquored up as well which further lowered my inhibitions.
The water was very cold at this lake, but it was so hot that I needed to go for a swim. The guys were being kind of wimpy and were reluctant to go much deeper than their knees. So as a compromise I convinced them to drink their beer on the dock while I swam around in the deeper water. I dove into the lake and was enjoying the break from the heat.
I was trying to convince them to jump in with me when Tyson said something that would change the course of our vacation. He told me there was no way in hell I could convince him to freeze his balls off and jump in. One of my weaknesses is someone telling me I can't do something so my mind had already decided I was going to get them to jump in no matter what it took. The boys weren't really paying attention to me at this point as there wasn't much to see with most of my body underwater. I used their lack of focus to my advantage as I popped the clasp on my bikini top and slid it off my arms. I treaded water with my top in my hands for a few minutes without being discovered. I then decided to put my drunken plan in motion.
"Hey Tyson! Catch!" I shouted and I quickly threw my blue bikini top at his head. I giggled as he didn't react quickly enough and my wet top flew right into his head. The boys stared at me not really sure what to say. It felt great to give my boobs some space to float free as I continued swimming around the water. I didn't let my nipples come out of the water so in my mind if they wanted to get a good look they were going to have to jump in with me.
It was Jay who pointed out the obvious flaw in my plan. "Uh Taylor, I know your trying to get us to jump in with you but you should offered to give us your top after we jumped in...you are going to have to come out eventually and we have your top."
"I know that," I retorted – which by the way was a lie. The copious amounts of liquor I had drunk was definitely impairing my judgment. "I just wanted to take my top off... my boobs have been super sweaty and uncomfortable all day". I'm not sure they bought my excuse but I was definitely excited swimming topless around my sexy guy friends and I was starting to get turned on with the thought of coming out of the water. There was definitely tension in the air as the guys were waiting for the same thing.
Eventually, I mustered up my courage and swam over to the stairs on the side of the dock and began to emerge from the water. I'm sure I was quite the sight as I walked up to the dock as my pink nipples were rock hard with water beading and dripping from my DD breasts. I made no effort to cover up and tried to act as nonchalant as possible. Truth be told my perky nipples were only partly because of the cold water as I was now incredibly turned on.
Jay and Tyson both openly stared at my bare breasts. "You guys are acting like you have never seen a topless woman before," I teased them. They tried to come up with clever replies but my boobs proved to be too distracting and they only managed to stutter out some weak comebacks. We went back and forth for a few minutes with the guys still obviously ogling me – which only made me bolder. I got closer and was touching their chests and rubbing their arms; fully enjoying the moment.
I then elected to take things a bit further. First I stated that I didn't care if they didn't want to join me in the water and that I could make it fun all by myself. I then released one of the ties on my bikini bottoms and let them fall away – fully exposing my clean shaven body to them. Again the boys had no response as after giving them a few moments to check out the front view I turned around and slowly sauntered down the dock; letting my hips shake as I felt their eyes glued to my ass.
Probably about three or four times in a row I dove into the water and then climbed back out. I was wet in more ways the one as they boys took the opportunities I gave them to fully check out my dripping wet, naked body. Eventually they could not resist any longer and decided to jump in with me. We goofed around in the water for a while and the sexual tension was high; but things didn't get any more inappropriate than they already had. I got the sense that either guy would have responded to a direct sexual advance but I wasn't about to make the first move when they had girlfriends.
Eventually we decided it was time to get back on the beach and warm up. I was having so much fun being naked that I scooped up my bikini from the dock but didn't put it back on. I made sure to sway my hips and strut away leaving Tyson and Jay to stare as I walked away. I laid out on my towel and had one of the boys on either side of me. While they were trying not to outright stare, I could catch them both stealing glances at my still fully nude body. I was full of confidence after having them ogle me for the whole day and it felt great to be so naughty again.
After letting the sun dry my body off naturally, I decided that it was time for some more tanning oil. I made sure to spend a little extra time on my breasts and nipples so Jay and Tyson could enjoy watching me play with my now glistening boobs. My nipples were rock hard and super sensitive; I could have probably got myself off if I had kept going. I then flipped on to my belly and asked whose turn it was to do my back – with a hint of a seductive tone.
Of course they both wanted to rub me so in the end we decided that Jay would put the oil on me and Tyson would get to give me a massage afterwards – which was a win-win for me! So Jay got to rub me first and he started by gently rubbing oil into my back. I noticed him start to hesitate once his hands got near my butt. Sensing this, I playfully told him not miss anywhere since I wanted to get an even tan. Now that he had my go approval, Jay began to rub oil all over my ass. Taking care not to miss any exposed areas he also rub oil into my ass crack and even grazed the back of my pussy. I had to really focus not to start moaning! Afterwards, he made sure not to miss my sides which allowed him to fondle the sides of my tits briefly.
After Jay finished up with the oil it was Tyson's turn to give me a little bit of a massage. Not that he should have needed a hint after I let Jay rub oil all over my butt but I made sure to mention that my gluts were really sore; so he spent extra time massaging my bum. It felt great to have another pair of strong hands touching my body.
After Tyson had finished up with my massage I sunbathed naked for an hour or so before we decided to head back to the cabin. I decided to put my bikini back on for the walk back - much to the guys' disappointment. I had gotten lucky that no one else had come down to the beach but I would almost certainly be spotted before we got back to the cabin. Not that I really minded but it was one thing to put on a show for a group of men but I really didn't want to deal with an angry mom who was out with her kids.
Once we got back to the cabin I changed into a low-cut, short summer dress and put on a thong but decided not to wear a bra to keep teasing the guys a bit. We flirted and joked around as we made and ate our supper. We talked a lot about sex and there was definitely tension in the air. I also let it slip that it had been awhile since I had a good lay. I was super horny and really drunk so while I wasn't going to make a move on my taken friends, I knew I probably wouldn't be able to resist if either of them made a pass at me. Truth be told I couldn't make up my mind who I would rather fucked and the thought of taking both of them started cross my mind...
I was drunkenly sitting on the couch complaining that I was sore when Tyson and Jay offered to give me another massage – which given my state there was no way I was going to say no. So Tyson went behind me on the couch are started rubbing my shoulders while Jay pulled up a kitchen chair and started rubbing my feet. I was in heaven as my soreness melted away but that was quickly replaced by desire. Tyson complained that the dress straps were in his way so I slid them off to allow for better access. The dress was made of a pretty smooth material so now the issue was that dress was essentially only being held up by my very hard nipples.
Even though the boys had gotten a good, long look at my fully naked body for the better part of the afternoon I could still feel Tyson staring down at my now immense cleavage and Jay peaking up my dress. Tyson's hands worker lower down the front of my chest inching towards my breasts. Jay had also moved his hands up my legs and how was rubbing inside my dress and between the two of them I started to moan quietly.
I was feeling marvelous but my desire was now becoming almost unbearable. Fortunately, I did not have to wait any longer as Tyson suddenly reached down and began to massage my boobs. My moaning started to get louder and he must have took that as a sign of my approval because he then grabbed the top of my dress and pulled it down around my waist– exposing my nipples to the boys for the second time today. Things escalated quickly and he wasted no time groping my DDs as he started squeezing with his strong hands; occasionally rubbing a finger over a nipple.
Jay, meanwhile, had moved his hands up my dress and was rubbing my crotch and inner thighs - I am sure I was soaking through my underwear! I told Jay to take my dress off so he quickly pulled it down and off while Tyson continued to play with my tits. Jay then placed his thumb on my clit and rubbed it in a circular motion over my thong. At the same time, Tyson decided to focus on my nipples and starting tweaking and pulling on them. I have very sensitive nipples so between the two guys I was now very close to orgasm.
"Mhmm, yes, mmmmhmmm, yes," I began to moan loudly. "Don't stop, don't stop... I'm going to cum... mmhmmmmmmm yea," I continued to wail. With Jay rubbing my clit and Tyson playing with my nipples I stood no chance and a wave of pleasure washed over me as they brought me to a climax.
Now that I had a taste there was no stopping me as an almost sexual frenzy took hold. I aggressively pushed Jay back into his chair and quickly climbed into his lap while kissing him passionately. I started unbuttoning his shirt and he grabbed my ass with both hands as our tongues continued to dance with my large breasts smashed against his body. After I took his shirt off I stood up to start working on his shorts. In the meantime, Tyson had undressed and stood behind me. After I pulled Jay's shorts off Tyson grabbed the waistband of my thong and slid it down around my legs and off my feet. I then turned around and pushed Tyson down on the couch while giving him a playful grin.
I took a second to decide how I wanted to approach this 'situation' and chose to take advantage of my flexibility. I told the boys to stay where they were and first sat on jays lap – easing his rather sizable cock inside of me. I started to pump up and down slowly to make sure we got a bit of a rhythm going. Jay took this opportunity to start fondling my tits from behind while Tyson watched on, eager to join in. I didn't leave him hanging for long as I then bent at the waist and lowered my mouth onto his waiting cock. I know some girls don't like giving blowjobs but I actually really like it as I get a lot of enjoyment out of the pleasure a good blow job can give a guy.
I'm glad I was in shape because it was a lot of work to simultaneously move my hips up and down on Jay while my mouth was eagerly doing the same to Tyson. Tyson also started running his hand through my hair and I was awash with pleasure - it did not take me long to hit my second orgasm of the night. Now I am one of those lucky girls who have no issues have climaxing multiple times, so after few more minutes of aggressively fucking Jay while Tyson's dick hit the back of my throat I came several times in quick succession.
Starting to get overstimulated I had to slow down the pace a bit; I started rocking my hips on Jay which gave me enough composure to pay more attention to blowing Tyson. I took his extremely hard cock into my hand and began playfully licking up and down his shaft; pausing at times to flick my tongue on his tip as I pumped my hand. After the gentle teasing I started to slowly build up pace again.
I heard Tyson say he was getting close to finishing so I focused in on him. After a bit of pumping my mouth over the length of his dick I could feel him about to cum so I took his entire cock into my mouth and started sucking. Quickly, I could feel his cum filling my mouth and I kept sucking until he was completely finished – and yes I swallowed. I made sure I thoroughly licked his penis clean before turning my attention to Jay.
I got into better rhythm as I bounced myself in his lap. "Mmhmm yes Jay," I began to moan out his name. He reached around and started tweaking my nipples which quickly led to yet another orgasm. But then Jay suddenly stopped playing with my boobs and as I was about to tell him to put his hands back on them I noticed Tyson get up. He must have got jealous or something because he got up from the couch and buried his face into my tits. He grabbed one breast with each hand while licking and kissing them all over.
"Oh yes, you guys fuck me sooooo good," I called out. Tyson gently biting one of nipples started off what would be a cascade of orgasms. I squirted all over Jay's lap and you could hear the wetness as I continued to ride him more and more quickly – moaning loudly the whole time. When I thought I couldn't take anymore I felt Jay cum and after one last orgasm I was finally able to slow down and get off of him.
We all took a few minutes to just sit and recover and I was left to wonder how the hell this all happened. But I knew right away that it felt great to be wild again.