Summertime is one of my favorite times of year, but not for the reasons one may think. Spring is when I am at my individual best, I love when new life bursts forth, I am an avid gardener and you will often find me cleaning, planting, cultivating and watering. There is something which grounds me in the Spring which allows me to become more fully alive in the Summer. Spring gardening attire consists of old blue jeans, tee shirt, and hoodie for when it's still not warm enough to go without. Summer, well Summer, ah yes bikini and bare feet or tee & short shorts. If you see me first thing in the morning, it will be in a satin nightgown. It's winter now so it's flannel and no gardening, at least not by me ;-)
So this story takes place a few summers ago, my Husband and I went out to dinner, left the kids home, and then to the beach. I had a few glasses of wine with dinner and was feeling good, very good. For dinner I wore an open back blouse (no bra) and a sheer skirt which was, if the light was right, nearly transparent. When we were waiting to be seated inside the restaurant we spent time at the outdoor bar. I made sure I had the sun at my back so my husband could see I wasn't wearing panties and he could enjoy my thigh gap and natural garden.
When he noticed how my skirt, when backlit by the sun, was so revealing his head shot up and he had this incredulous look on his face (it was priceless!). I had never dressed like this before, so exposing, and he was shocked.
I looked past him and noticed I had drawn the attention of not just a few other men, but women as well. My husband saw me look past him and turned and they all quickly looked away. He looked back at me, smiled and then laughed. He knew I was his and his alone and I had no desire to be with anyone but him. He's my rock, my fortress, the one in my life who allows me to be me, completely.
He handed me my first glass of wine of the night as I leaned into him and kissed him fully on the lips, leaving no doubt to any one there that I was taken. I peeked out of one eye as I kissed him and saw clear disappointment on a few faces. Oh well lol.
Dinner was delicious, even the food was good ;-). My foot spent perhaps a bit too much time between Nick's legs and perhaps I gave our waiter too many views down my blouse.
Being this naked in public was having an effect upon me, and all in all, it was delightful.
After dinner Nick decided we should go to a part of our town beach which was mostly open but for a few sand dunes and shrub trees. We parked, and Nick retrieved a picnic basket from the back of our convertible, opened my door, took my hand and led me to the beach.
When we reached the sand I took off my heels (can't walk in soft sand in heels, some can, but I can't). We found a spot about 50 feet from the water on the side of a small sand dune.
The sun was setting, a light sea breeze and he laid out our blanket. He opened the basket and pulled out a bottle of champagne which he had been chilling since we left the house. Bottle opened, Cork popped, and glasses filled. We toasted to us and our life together. He took a big mouthful of champagne and then kissed me, letting it pour into my mouth. Our tongues danced sweetly in the champagne bath and then I swallowed it. It went down nicely.
We talked and looked out at the water, people walking by us. A few of the men slowed down to take a look at my exposed legs. My skirt had ridden up rather high by this time as we were on a slight slope.
My husband noticed my shameless attempt at getting attention and suggested we play a game.
I love games and am very competitive, and he knows this. So the game was, I was to sit between his legs, resting back against him, my legs bent at the knees and my feet placed flatly on the ground so that my skirt would be bunched up between my legs. I then had to close my eyes and he would tell me when I needed to lift my skirt up so as to flash my garden to anyone walking past. Not make it obvious, but rather like I didn't realize I was on display.
So I'm a prude and had never ever done anything like that, but the wine, the champagne and the romantic sea air were all luring me to a destination with sensuality.
Let the Game Begin:
The sun was setting and I leaned back against him feeling his warm, hard chest against my exposed back. He rested his arms around me and I closed my eyes. I could have just stayed there forever.
He gently squeezed me and then softly said, "Now".
I slowly adjusted my legs and pulled up my skirt and felt a cool breeze on my garden. I had no idea if anyone was there but it felt exhilarating. Then he told me to "rest" and I rearranged my skirt so as to cover my garden again.
He put a champagne glass to my mouth and I took a more than healthy sip. I suddenly heard voices coming from the left of us. It sounded like 4 or 5 guys talking loudly and laughing. I got nervous, last time I had no idea if anyone would be there, this time I KNEW there would be.
I felt his squeeze as the voices were almost on us and then he said, "Now!" in a whisper.
Fear momentarily gripped me, I felt myself breakout in a sweat, but I spread my legs, adjusted my skirt, felt the cool breeze, and at that moment all voices went silent.
My heart was pounding in my chest; the cool breeze became cooler as I was becoming hotter. Time stood still. I knew strange men were looking at my garden, which had only ever been seen by my husband. I felt my husband move slightly side to side, like he was shaking his head.
Suddenly the voices started again and as they moved away I heard a few comments, like, "what a lucky guy", "What I would do to have a time with her"; "that was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen in person". Later, Nick told me one of the men had mouthed silently if I was "Available?" and he shook his head "No" but did it with a smile.
The sun had set by now and it was dark, stars plentiful in the clear night sky. Nick was still holding me in his arms, we had played the game with a few more passersby until it was too dark.
He leaned down and took my earlobe between his teeth and gently nibbled on it while breathing along my neck. He knows this drives me crazy and I just sighed and leaned back against him, harder. Then I felt his arms move and a hand slipped under my blouse and cupped my breast. I told him to stop but he just laughed. Yes, it was dark, but people were still walking by and I could clearly see them and I was sure they could see us.
Suddenly I felt his other hand on my other breast, I tried to move away but he held me still by holding both of my fawns. "Nick!" I hissed, "knock it off people will see!". His only response was to kiss my neck and gently pinch my nipples. A slight moan escaped from my mouth which I quickly covered with my hand.
His big warm hands caressed and moved in amazing ways and I was suddenly not fully aware of where we were. Then he moved his left hand down my belly all the way down to my garden.
That got my attention quickly! I grabbed his wrist and said quietly, but firmly,
"You can't do that here!! Stop!"
I felt him chuckle just as his fingers found my treasure box and I felt him enter me easily with one finger, then two.
"Your head is saying "Stop!" but your body is saying "go, go, go!". And he laughed.
Oh my goodness he was right! I was so wet; how did that happen? When did that happen? He withdrew his hands and then moved next to me. He had me lie back and then proceeded to kiss me soundly. Our tongues did the night air dance, we looked into each other's eyes, and I saw a strange fire in his.
He grabbed the champagne bottle and took a long swig and then kissed me again filling my mouth, and again I gladly swallowed it all.
Suddenly he was moving down to kiss my neck, then moved open my blouse and sucked in my left nipple. Shit that felt really, really good. His mouth was still cool as a result of the champagne. I felt his hand lift my skirt and then the now familiar cool breeze.
"Stop, you have to stop" I half-heartedly said. Then his head was under my skirt. I could see people strolling by and if they were to look in my direction they would see a headless body partly under my skirt.
Then, HE KISSED MY GARDEN! I exploded, omg what the F***! How?! All these thoughts of how this was even happening raced through my head. But there I was cumming in waves. I threw a hand over my mouth but it was apparently too late. I must have made a noise because as I looked up I saw a couple, who of course had to be walking by JUST then, turned their heads and looked at me. I saw the man's eye grow wide and the woman looked me in the eye and smiled and softly laughed.
Funny things remembered at times like that. I remember her laugh sounded like a beautiful melody and I wanted to hear it again. They both politely nodded and continued on, just as Nick was enjoying my garden.
I felt his warm tongue glide between my lips then he captured my nub between his teeth and caressed it with his tongue. Even with my hand over my mouth I knew I was being too loud!
He let my clit go and slowly moved from under my skirt. He moved over me and kissed me and I could taste the sweetness of my own honey. As his tongue entered my mouth I suddenly felt his cock enter my pussy.
"What in the... OH!" He hit bottom, hard against my still very sensitive nub. I was so wet he simply was able to slide completely in me without having to take time as he usually has to (he's kinda big).
I begin rapidly speaking in his ear, "oh shit! Oh shit! You, you, you, you have to stop! you have to stop! Uh you have to stoppppp!!!! but I quickly found myself wrapping my legs around him, pulling him deeper into me, kissing him, then I screamed into his mouth as an orgasm of tsunami size overtook me! Aghhhhhh I have never cum so hard before, he's trying to hold on to me and I am lifting us both up trying to push him deeper! Holy fuck this is amazing, OMG I can't get enough and am thrashing under him as another orgasm washes over me. I am kissing him so hard I taste a bit of blood and then things go... black.
"Sweet Heart?, sweet heart" I hear in the distance,
I blink my eyes once, twice and I see eyes full of concern, and... Love, pure Love, looking into mine. "You ok?" he asks me. He is still in me; I can feel his strength still wonderfully in me.
"Wow" I said weakly say. "Wow, I have never been so fucked in my life" He looks down at me slightly shocked and amused. I rarely or almost never swear.
I feel him begin to pull out and I wrap him with my legs again, and intensely whisper, "No way mister, you started this and now you have to finish this. I want to feel you cum in me!"
He looks down at me, my hair splayed across the blanket, starlight dancing in my eyes, and says" Who am I to deny such a goddess's request?" and slowly, but with purpose, pushes back in.
God he feels amazing, my whole body quivers as I gripped his manhood. I feel him bottom then pull out again. Back in, then out, then in, building a delicious rhythm. My heels are locked behind him and I grab his ass and pull him into me. I feel full, complete, one with him. I hold him deep in me, breaking his rhythm, and tell him to kiss me.
He knows what I need, he always does. His soft lips touch mine and he holds still. No open mouths, no tongue dances and I feel his heartbeat throbbing in my garden. His lips move and he looks me in the eyes and tells me I am the most beautiful and desirable woman in the world, and that I am his.
"You, my Love, are my world" he whispers. "My queen, my everything and so much more. I am yours and you are mine". Ah bliss, loving peaceful bliss envelopes me for a moment...
Suddenly a voice shocks us back to the reality of where we are!
There is a woman and a man sitting in the sand next to us (Cathy & Tom we later found out).
"Wow, we've never seen anything so intensely moving in our lives!" Cathy said.
"We are so sorry to interrupt you. We were having our own fun time on the other side of the dune and then heard you and decided to see what you were doing" Tom said.
Nick didn't move, he was still inside me, over me, but I felt him twitch.
"Uh Hi" Nick says. And I feel him getting harder and his heartbeat begins to throb faster in my garden.
"Hi yourself" says Cathy. "pleases don't stop now on our account" as a smile crossed her face, and Tom's.
"Oh I don't know" Nick begins to say, but his cock suddenly swells and feels huge, harder than I have ever felt and I feel his hips begin to move.
"Well" Tom says, "we are the only 4 left on the beach and my wife and I would really be honored if you'd let us watch. We've never seen another couple have sex before, but when we saw the two of you we both went, "oh my god, they're beautiful"
Nick slowly, almost imperceptibly, begins to pull out slightly. I know he is turned on by this, in all honesty, so am I. He slowly slides back in and looks down at me, deep into my eyes. We gaze at each other, trying to read the other's thoughts, wants and desires. We are not a sharing couple, a swinging couple, and before tonight, had only once before had sex outdoors.
I let a small smile form on my lips, his eyes widened in surprise (all this took mere moments but it felt like a lifetime). He pulled back in one long draw then pushed forward with all his strength back into me. I lose my breath, "Ugggh" and hear Tom exclaim, "Holy Shit!
Nick pulls back again and slams home into me. I try catching my breath as I hear Cathy gasp! Back out, back in, Slam! Back out, back in, harder, faster Nick goes. I hold his arms which are like bands of steel and feel his entire length going in and out of me. I look over at Cathy and she is glassy eyed looking at my husband's big cock sliding in and out of me. I look over at Tom and see he's pulled out his cock and is stroking it watching Nick pistoning in and out of me. I want to wrap my legs around him again but he's going too fast, OMG so deep. I feel his arms move as he grabs my legs and puts them on his shoulders. I am completely exposed to Tom and Cathy.
ooohhhh I sing as he bottoms out again. I look down between us and I see his cock moving in and out of me as a blur. I can't believe the force he's is fucking with now, and he is fucking me amke no mistake, this is no longer a romantic interlude.
I look again and Cathy has her hand between her legs, Tom's cock is dripping precum, which at the site of, I begin to cum again.
Ohhh Fuck! I yell..."Cumming... AGAIN!!!! (just in case anyone was in doubt) UGHHH OH GOD OH GOD OH GOD! SO GOOODDDD DON'T STOP! DON'T STOP!
Next to us I hear Tom groan, "Shit I'm gonna cum Cathy!"
Cathy, bless her heart, leans over and sucks Tom in her mouth just as he starts cumming, but she wasn't quick enough, and I watched a huge line shoot from his cock onto her face then she hungrily swallowed it. Tom's yelling oh fuck oh fuck oh Cath, oh Cath, ahhhh!"
Meanwhile (mind you this is all happening in moments and not so much minutes) Nick is still having his way with me and I feel another orgasm begin rising, and then before it hits, he stops. Cold turkey, just stops...
I look up at him with a look that says, "what the hell are you doing?" and he has this devilish grin, "turn over" is all he says.
Cathy is still sucking Tom who has his eyes glued to my now hanging breasts as I get on my hands and knees, Nick's favorite position. I feel Nick slide his hard cock between my lips and then back and forth across my clit, I flinch, and then he's at my entrance.
"Oh fuck! I hear Cathy say, "your huge" she comments on Nick's cock.
I hear Nick chuckle and feel him fill me in a single motion. "Ughh" again escapes my mouth as my breath is again knocked out of me by the force.
"You sure you're ready to watch this, Cathy?" I hear Nick ask her.
"Baby you better get started before I grab you for myself" she laughs good naturedly.
I turn my head to look back at Nick and see him smiling at Cathy as he slides his cock into me, then slowly pulls it nearly completely out, then slowly back in. I reach down between my legs and grasp Nick cock each time he pulls out and goes back in. I turn to look at Tom and he's hard again stroking, Cathy by now is unashamedly rubbing her clit and pussy, fully on display.
I think to myself at that moment, "How bizarre is this? What on earth are we doing" if you had told me this would ever be happening in our life I would have laughed at you." "when and how did we ever get here?" (Ok so my mind wanders, sue me!)
I'm drawn back to the present as Nick has begun to pick up the pace again, god he gets SOooooooooooo deep at this angle. I let his shaft go and begin rubbing my clit, watching Tom and Cathy.
I hear Nick say to Tom, "Get Behind Cathy Tom"
Before it even registers what he's said, I watch Cathy get quickly on all fours lift her ass in the air and say to Tom, FUCK ME! And he does.
I watch in amazement as his cock disappears into his wife and then reappears. He has a beautiful cock and it's glistening with Cathy's honey.
I lower to my elbows, giving Nick all the access he wants, watching this other couple watching us have sex on the beach. Cathy's heavier breasts swing with each advancement by her husband, at this point I realize Tom is watching mine do the same thing. Funny that.
Cathy and I are rubbing our clits, our hands moving with determination, and then, nearly at the same time we both cry out, I'm cummmmiinnngggggg!! Oh oh oh!!!! I clench down on Nick's cock, and Cathy must have on Tom's.
I suddenly hear my dear, beloved Husband say,
"Where do you want me to cum Cathy?"
WTF! I think to myself! How about where do I want you cum?! Since when do you ask another woman?!!!!
Then I hear Cathy's reply, "Deep inside her so she can tell me when she feels you cumming".
Uh, well...Ok, I like that idea, I can go with it.
Suddenly Nick grabs my hips, pulls me back tightly, tightly against him, I feel his cock against my cervix, god he's so deep, and his first blast hits me.
Oh fuck how!? And I am cumming again! How? Oh! Oh! Ah! ugh I lose the ability to speak. Wave after wave of warmth floods my garden, my knees begin to tremble as Nick pulls back and gently slides back in again, again and I fall forward on my belly and Nick follows, still buried in me. Nick is on his elbows, holding most of his weight off me, all except his pelvis, to which is attached the work of a master artist, still embedded in me.
I turn my head to watch Tom and Cathy, since Tom already came once he is slower to cum the 2nd time. I return my gaze to look at the profile of the god above me as he watches the couple next to us. He senses my gaze and looks down at me. If love could pour, I would be swimming in an ocean. He smiles a boyish, impish grin and kisses me just as Tom goes over the edge and I hear Cathy lose her sense of speech, just as I had moments before.
All is quiet, save the sounds of 4 sets of lungs determined to keep working. It is as if time stands still, we look at Tom and Cathy and they look at us, and we all burst out laughing. What a crazy adventure at the beach, what perfect Summertime Night!