NOTICE: Copyright © 2020 - This is an original work by EdwardKalb and is protected under copyright by U.S. copyright law. It is only submitted at Literotica.com and the Author has not authorized any submission to any other site.
Author's Note: This is the continuation of this couple's sexual adventures to try to keep the passion in their marriage after raising kids, and importantly, this wife's sexual awakening. In previous stories, their experiences on holiday proved life changing. I suggest you read my previous posts. Now this couple continues to explore new erotic adventures together.
This chapter is about a husband sharing his wife with others, and attempts to capture the emotions of both a wife and a husband experiencing this for the first time. If you do not approve of this lifestyle, then I suggest you move on. It contains real-life experiences and re-counts actual events of our life. The writer enhanced the story in certain parts. It is purposefully long to describe the emotions and feelings of this couple. If you are looking for a quick fuck and suck story, this is not for you.
Finally, all of this work is mine and no one else has permission to use it, reproduce it, or sell it.
*********************
The UBER drove the approximately 40 minutes north from Miami's South Beach and dropped Edward and Susan at Haulover Beach. For those who may not know, Haulover Beach is a designated and sanctioned clothing optional beach. It is likely the best of its kind in America; easily accessible and complete with services like lifeguards, a food truck, chairs to rent, showers, and restrooms.
They had planned a winter getaway to a warm weather destination and chose to take a holiday in South Beach in Miami, Florida. As part of their holiday in South Florida, Edward suggested they one day and spend it at the nude beach, and Susan agreed. This was not their first time in Miami, or at Haulover Beach.
They came upon the famous sign: "Beyond this point you may encounter nude bathers." The sign was a misnomer. It would be proper to say, "...you will..." There were hundreds of men and women on the beach, every one nude or at least topless.
They wandered about and found a spot that looked good - close to the ocean yet not far from the outdoor showers and restrooms. That spot also was in the most crowded part of the beach.
This was not their first time on a clothing optional beach. Susan had been topless numerous times in the Caribbean and Edward and Susan had their first all-nude experiences in Greece. Edward was first, removing his t-shirt then sliding his board shorts down. Then his attention focused on his wife. He looked around to see if anyone was watching. He was not disappointed.
Susan removed her bikini top first, and then slid her bottoms off. Edward always loved watching this part. There is just something very exciting about watching his wife remove her clothes in public; the sensation, the state of sudden, intense feeling he experiences when Susan leaves all inhibitions behind and exposes herself completely to the warm sun, gentle ocean breezes - and other men.
Edward quickly looked around to see others also watching. After all, a woman disrobing will always catch another man's attention. As Susan stretched out onto the rented sun lounger, Edward felt a sense of pride seeing his wife naked on a public beach; the glow of the sun radiating and warming her nipples and highlighting the thin line of hair above her shaved pussy enhancing her audaciousness.
At first very self-conscious about being nude, Susan had come to realize that her concerns were self-induced, perhaps aided by what society considers "normal." She was now a very confident woman, accepting of her body's curves and slight imperfections. Now completely nude in front of hundreds of others, her feelings combined pure freedom with exhilaration.
The couple took walks along the shore, they frolicked in the waves, and went to the food truck to get a bite to eat, and even spoke to a few newly-made friends, all completely nude. They have found a nude beach is a friendly place where all body types, sizes, and races mingle without pretense. Refreshingly, no one judged anybody else on body or size. The thing is that all body insecurities and imperfections become non-issues. And there is a certain freedom about being naked that is relaxing. Being without a bathing suit on a beach is a liberating experience.
And Susan had to admit, while having the sun warm her entire body was a wonderful feeling, she also realized she enjoyed watching men watching her.
For Edward, their time on a nude beach was also an erotic experience. Edward found the nude beach to be a place to show off his wife. He loved seeing his wife's tits jiggling freely as she walked and her pussy wonderfully exposed in the warm sun; especially when it felt like everyone was watching her. He wanted and loved his wife to be seen and desired by other men, and he drank in every moment.
After a few hours enjoying the warm sun on their naked bodies, it was getting late. "What do you think? Should we start packing up in about 30?" Edward asked his wife as she continued her people watching from her chair.
Checking her watch, Susan agreed. "Sounds good. We need time to get back, rest, and then shower so we can have drinks before our dinner reservations."
Susan saw him first; a man walking towards them, alone and carrying just a towel. She knew about guys like this; the lonely perverts who cruise around nude beaches hoping to get a glimpse of a woman's tits and pussy. But this guy was different; he was in his late 30's she guessed. Also interesting, this man sported a beard and a man-bun along with mirrored sunglasses. He was quite "cute," as Susan would normally say. Edward noticed him as well.
They watched as he laid his small towel about 7 meters in front of them. He took off his shirt exposing a tanned and nicely defined, but not overly muscled, chest. Then dropping his shorts, Susan gasped when she saw it for the first time. The man's exposed uncircumcised cock was obscenely thick and long, with a huge set of balls. Looking over at Edward, her husband's cock was no slouch. Probably average in length and girth. However, this man was probably about 6-inches, and he wasn't even aroused!
He noticed Susan. He smiled and nodded at her. Susan blushed at being "caught" staring at the man. Staring is a no-no for nude beach etiquette. Still, she could not look away.
Edward couldn't help but notice as well. The man knelt down on the towel and stretched out the edges. His cock and large balls swaying with the movement, and hanging low, scraped along the towel.
Then with a thrust forward and then quickly backward, he settled facedown onto the towel. The movement was both comical and practical, allowing his junk to be tucked between his legs and not squashed when he lay down. Edward knew the importance of not laying on your own junk, especially a man's sensitive balls. He had to admit the man's hands-free "move" was brilliant.
Susan on the other hand, now focused her attention to the man's ass. Nicely rounded, tanned and hairless, she was embarrassed when she caught herself thinking of her hand grabbing and squeezing that butt and roving to the front for a quick massage of that massive cock.
-------------
When Susan and Edward returned from that night at the bar a few months ago, she was a new woman. After that night things got pretty steamy in the bedroom. They talked constantly about her "accidentally" flashing strangers that night; and it made both of them feel. She admitted the experience made her feel sexy and confident and in control.
They fucked practically every day for a couple weeks after, every time reminiscing about that night. They talked about David wanting to take her to his hotel room. Reliving the memories of that night when she acted like a hotwife out to play became an integral part of their lovemaking.
Susan loved Edward and she loved knowing she could still excite him. They had been together over 25 years and their marriage was stronger than ever. Still, they knew they had to keep "stoking the flames" and were both determined and committed to keep their marriage as passionate, exciting, and especially as adventurous as they possibly could. They also were aware that keeping a marriage "hot" was not easy, and may involve introducing different types of "experimenting" into their love life to keep it exciting. They were both prepared to do that. The only question was; how far would they go?
Since that night at the bar, they continued to have sexy "pillow talk" foreplay as they reflected on Susan's newfound confidence to dress sexy and tease and flirt with other men. She did admit it was nice to feel desired and made her feel sexy, but she still couldn't understand fully why seeing her flirting with other men turned Edward on so much. She still thought that her husband should be angry when she flashed other men or should be jealous if others would want to fuck her. And she certainly did not want to hurt their relationship or ruin their marriage. But there was no mistaking her husband's positive reaction to actions from the night at the bar.
It turned out, Edward was not jealous at all. He was so turned on from that night at the bar and Susan's potential future rendezvous with David, that he would get hard just recalling every juicy detail of that night.
Was it wrong? Well, while this thinking is not considered "normal" by contemporary standards, he could not deny that he loved when his wife dressed hot and sexy. And he loved it even more when she garnered the attention of other guys. After all, every successful man wants a "Trophy Wife," and his wife being admired and desired by others excited him.
Yet, deep in his conscious and sub-conscious mind, he fantasized about his wife not only flirting with other men, as she did in the bar, but also taking it even further. From that night forward, the fantasy of watching his wife with another man consumed his thinking. For him, the thought of another man seeing his wife naked, and then watching his wife suck another man's cock turned him on greatly.
He WANTED to see his wife turned on. He WANTED to watch her tease and be taken by another man. He was not a cuckold; he was a "Stag" as defined in the Urban Dictionary. He wanted to encourage his wife, his "Vixen", to explore her sensuality and the power of her sexuality, and he wanted her to explore it together with him.
And, deep down Susan had to admit that night at the bar surprised her too. She had the unexpected freedom to explore her sexuality, and it was exhilarating! But the daily life of work and taking care of the house and kids limited any further opportunities. Overall, things remained pretty vanilla.
Although she still kept most of her conservative tendencies, she did on occasion dress the part of a hotwife. Going out to dinner in the City, Susan at times dressed in sexier clothes than she did before, but still nothing like she did that night at the bar. Although she was not as brazen, she did at one time wear a thin top with no bra when answering the door, and she did wear a white tank braless when she walked out to the mailbox to speak to the mailman.
Susan knew that her husband wanted her to be more sexual and more adventurous. But she had difficulty distancing herself from her conservative upbringing. But because she loved him so much, she endeavored to go along with his wishes when she could as she tried to match his enthusiasm for her to explore her naughty, kinkier side.
--------------
The man startled Susan as he flipped over and both his cock and balls again came into view. Yet, she could not turn away. His cock was uncircumcised and there was no hair on it matching the rest of his body.
A young couple passed by. They had just arrived and were fully clothed and looking for a spot to set up. Edward noticed the young woman look down at the man and mouth the words to her mate, "Oh my God!"
Susan felt a warm flush through her body. She looked over at her husband. "It's getting hot. Do you want to cool off in the water?"
Edward smiled knowing why his wife was all of a sudden hot and in need of cooling down. "Well ok, but you go ahead. I'll join you in a few after I finish reading this article." He really wasn't reading anything. He just liked to watch his naked wife walk alone and watch other men ogle her. For him, the more attention she attracted, the more it fed his perversion of showing off his wife.
Susan got up and strolled to the water. Sure enough, guys sitting around them followed her every step. Once at the water, Susan bent forward to splash some water on her chest. The innocent act offered a nice view between her legs and fed the appetite of her voyeurs. "Did she do that on purpose?" Edward thought.
He put down his magazine to join his wife. In waist deep water, Edward pulled Susan closer and kissed her.
"I take it you noticed our neighbor?"
Susan felt a reddening of her face and neck, embarrassed that she may have been caught staring. "Uhhh...Yah, I noticed."
"Big package, wouldn't you agree?" Edward smirked as Susan looked away. Even after so many years of marriage and even after their recent experiences, Edward knew his wife was still shy talking about other men. He pushed further. "Did you see the reaction of the young couple passing?"
"No I didn't. What happened?"
"You didn't? It was soooo funny. When the couple passed, the young lady looked down and then looked at her partner smiling 'Oh my god.' She was obviously impressed with the man's size."
"Well, he IS easy on the eyes!" Susan said, trying to be coy.
"Oh come on Susan! You had to have noticed the size of his package. I mean his cock is fat and his balls equally massive!"
"Well to be honest, I guess I did notice."
"Come on, let's go back to our chairs and enjoy the sun and the sights. It's your lucky day!"
Walking up onto the sand, Edward nodded as he approached the young man. "Beautiful day today, isn't it?" he asked.
Edward and Susan paused for a moment. The younger man smiled as he looked out to the ocean and then back towards Susan. "Yes, just beautiful," he said, as he looked her up and down.
They continued back to their blanket. Susan walked over to her sun lounger and bent down from the waist to pick up her towel to dry off. Edward noticed the man watching his wife, the act giving everybody a view of not only her breasts hanging freely beneath her, but of her ass. She toweled off and settled into her sun lounger.
After her unintended display, Susan relaxed back into her chair and again focused on the view in front of her. She could not keep her eyes off of the younger man's cock, which now seemed larger. She marveled at how long and thick and vein-y the uncircumcised member was at it settled on the man's leg. Unbeknownst to her, her little tease caused the man's cock to grow.
About 15-minutes later, the man got up and went to the water.
"Why do you think he is here alone and with nothing but a small towel? I mean he doesn't appear to be a perv. What do you think honey?" Edward's words brought his wife out of her trance. She seemed to be mesmerized watching the man from behind; his broad shoulders, narrow waste and nice ass before her. She noticed the tan lines indicating he was not a regular at a nude beach.
"Yes, it...is...strange..."
After a quick dip to cool off, the man walked back to his towel. Now with a full frontal view, Susan watched his fat cock sway from side-to-side below his waist as he strode to his little towel.
The young man picked up his towel and began to towel off. He noticed Susan watching him. He made eye contact and approached both of them and asked, "Excuse me, do you know where I can purchase some sunscreen? The airline lost my luggage and I really didn't think things through before coming to the beach."
"Ahh that explains why he only brought a small towel!" Thought Edward.
Susan quickly gathered herself and reached into her bag, "Here, use mine."
The younger man smiled, "Well thank you for your kind offer, but I hate to be a bother."
"No problem at all. The prices at the food truck are exorbitant. Please, I insist," Susan extended her arm offering the tube of sunscreen.
"My name is Edward and this is my wife Susan," Edward chose to get into the conversation.
"Pleased to meet you both. My name is Alec. Yeah, unfortunately the airline misplaced my bags. They said they sent my bags on the next plane out. So I have a few hours to kill and decided to get some beach time. I am only in South Florida for a few days."
"Where are you from Alec?" Edward was picking up an accent.
"I am originally from Greece; actually from a small Greek island. In Greek my name is Alesandro, but I have lived on the west coast since I was a teenager and people call me Alec." He squeezed a small dab of sunscreen and rubbed it onto his face and neck. "Thanks, I appreciate the sunscreen."
"Do you frequent beaches like this, or is this this your first time on a nude beach?" Edward wondered if he was a practicing nudist or a gawker.
"Actually no, not my first time. I have been several times to a nearby beach in Southern California that is unofficially clothing optional," the man squeezed another small dab and rubbed it onto his chests. "It's called Black's Beach. Have you been?"
Susan didn't even realize the man had been asked a question. She was fixated on the toned Greek body in front of her rubbing the cream all over his now-glistening chest.
Edward noticed Susan biting her bottom lip, her nipples hardening, and his wife squirming in her chair, arousal seemingly taking over her body. To his amusement, he watched as his wife's eyes were locked on his manhood. He did not even try to snap her out of her trance. Alec noticed as well and smiled at Susan.
"We have heard of it, but we have not been," Edward answered for the both of them.
The man finished his chest and closed the cap of the sunscreen tube ready to hand it back to Susan.
"Well Alec, as you probably know, you need to make sure your junk is well sun screened. The Florida sun is very strong, and you do not want those sensitive parts burned."
"Good thought!" Alec squeezed a small dab of sunscreen into his hand and started massaging the cream over his cock and balls.
"Hey..Ahh, look Alec. I think you are going to need a lot more than that!"
"Edward! Susan exclaimed. "Don't embarrass him!"
"Well, he's got a big package and I just thought..."
"It's ok. I'm not embarrassed. After all, I'm here on a beach without a stitch on. Really, cannot get embarrassed here, right?"
He squirted another dab and rubbed the cream all over his cock and balls. It was now Susan's turn to be teased. She watched as the man's hand methodically stroked his cock the entire length right in front of her, his fingers rubbing his balls under and around all sides, all while occasionally glancing towards Susan smiling.
"Thanks for the sunscreen," Alec smiled at Susan as he offered the tube back. "Hey, do you mind if I pull my towel up closer?"
"Of course not," Susan quickly responded.
Alec grabbed his towel and set it down in front of Edward and Susan. He lay down on his side facing them, his head directly in front of Susan. They continued a friendly conversation about travel, work, and life in general.
Edward was not naïve to the fact that Alec may have positioned himself purposefully. From his positioning, directly in front of, but slightly below Susan, he had a perfectly unobstructed view up and between his wife's legs.
They continued a pleasant conversation. But after about 20 minutes, Edward noticed his wife beginning to move her right leg side to side, and the eyes of the stranger seemingly fixated between Susan's legs. He watched as Susan opened her legs, and then closed them, repeating this several times. Is this really happening? Is Susan deliberately flashing her pussy to this stranger?
In fact, Susan's heart was pounding. She could not explain what was coming over her. She normally would be very coy and keep her legs crossed. But purposefully exposing herself like this was giving her that sexual rush; similar to the one that she remembered from that time at the hotel bar a few months earlier. She was no doubt getting aroused being a teasing exhibitionist again. She looked down to see her nipples tightened and erect and her tits rising up and down from breathing heavily.
And she knew that she wanted a reaction. This was not a spontaneous or accidental flash. This was a premeditated act. She knew what men wanted to see and for some reason she wanted to show this man. She wanted to be the object of his desire while satisfying her own perversion as well as husband's carnal fantasy. She was a married woman, freely showing off her body to the eyes of a stranger. It was forbidden and dangerous and delightfully erotic!!
Edward smiled at how brazen and sexual his wife was being. He couldn't have been more proud of her in that moment, or more aroused. As the rhythmic dance continued, Edward noticed the tip of Alec's cock appearing, extending beyond the foreskin. Susan was teasing this younger man to the point that he was getting an erection right there on this crowded public beach!
Susan noticed as well. Her body's physical manifestations to the sight before her were confirmed when the slight ocean breeze highlighted the wetness welling from her pussy. Perhaps her teasing had gone too far. To her shame, lewd and carnal images suddenly popped into her head as the fire of her lust was fueled by the attention she was getting.
Getting anxious about what may happen next, she abruptly announced it was time to go, "Honey, I think we should pack up and head out soon if we are going to make our dinner reservations."
Edward was taken aback by the sudden stoppage in his wife's exhibitionism. Why did she tap out when it seemed the real fun was just starting? But looking at his watch agreed it was time to go. "Yeah, your right. We better start our trek back to the Hotel. I'll pack up and arrange for the UBER to pick us up in 10."
"Alec, it was great meeting you! Unfortunately, we need to head out if we are going to keep our plans for drinks and dinner tonight in South Beach."
"Well, it was great to meet you guys. I enjoyed chatting; and thanks again for the sunscreen!"
"No problem at all. I hope the airline finds and delivers your luggage without further delay."
"Almost forgot about that! I will check my phone for messages. Hey, what are you guys doing later tonight? I hope I'm not out of line for asking, but would you two want to meet for a drink later?"
Edward looked at Susan, her mouth open, wondering just how much shame she might be feeling right now. "Honey? Did we have any plans?"
Stunned, she slowly came to her senses but probably not even hearing her husband's question, "No, ahh, sure." she said as she pulled up her bikini bottoms, distracted temporarily as she now realized just how wet her pussy had become.
"Great, we'll keep in touch. Here is my number."
"I'll text later to let you know which bar we will be at."
"Sounds great! Hopefully I will see you tonight!" Alec smiled at Susan as he extended his hand.
The potential rendezvous unexpectedly distracted Susan. She nervously pulled on her sheer cover-up, and grabbed her beach bag to follow her husband.
*************
In the UBER on their way back to the hotel, Edward could not help but notice his wife's nipples visible through her rather sheer, mesh cover-up. She had forgotten, or perhaps purposefully left, her bikini top in the beach bag. He could see the driver's eyes in the rear view mirror constantly checking out his wife.
While he would normally be focused on his wife's blatant display, his mind wandered trying to figure out how best to move from here. From shortly after they got married, he had the fantasy of watching his wife with another man. "Could this be the night?" he thought to himself as he reached over to caress and hold his wife's hand. Still, he wasn't sure exactly how far he should go to push his fantasy. Also, how far could HE go? What was HIS limit?
He knew their marriage was strong; they were both fully comfortable with each other, secure with each other, and trusted each other, and they communicated with each other easily. And, they didn't have any hang-ups or jealousy issues. They were fine exploring things to keep that fire alive - whether it be teasing, role play, or perhaps something more.
Susan squeezed her husband's hand lovingly as she stared out the window, reminiscing about what just happened at the beach. It had started innocently enough. But perhaps she went too far, her morals and social boundaries now trying to take over her thoughts. Yet her mind was completely overwhelmed by the mental images flashing through her of her lying naked before the young stranger, purposely showing her pussy - and seeing the stranger's cock growing, reacting directly to her flaunting display.
Ironically, the thoughts from the attention of the young man actually helped her overcome her anxiety, it being replaced by a thrill deep within her as another wave of warm arousal passed through her body. Her earlier actions now elicited a sexual response within her as body responded involuntarily and uncontrollably, her loins reacting to, and heating up at, her thoughts. As the UBER pulled up to the hotel, there was no doubt her arousal had become uncontrollable and needed immediate relief.
Barely closing the door back at the hotel, Edward and Susan were all over each other. Susan quickly removed her cover-up and bikini and tossed it aside. She sat on the edge of the bed. Edward shoved his board shorts down and shuffled in front of his wife.
His wife was silent as she reached down to stroke her husband. Edward's cock was familiar; circumcised and relatively impressive in length at about 7½ inches at full attention. His was certainly not the longest or thickest, but it had always satisfied her needs. She took in the length and color and could not help comparing her husband with the uncircumcised, fatter, and longer cock of the younger stranger.
Edward's mind also turned to recount the events of earlier. Showing off his wife to other men always creates a sexual excitement inside him. And, almost like a drug, he wanted more. He gathered his thoughts; "I loved it on the beach today when I saw guys checking you out. It really turned me on."
Susan began to suck her husband's hard dick. Her warm mouth elicited a deep groan from her husband.
Edward gathered himself to continue, "You were such a cock tease on the beach today. You know several guy's cocks were hardening just by looking at you!"
With his wife's warm mouth engulfing his cock, Edward found it increasingly difficult to concentrate on his words. Yet found a way to push further.
"You were making guys so hard and leaving them with no relief. There are likely at least a dozen guys jerking off right now thinking about you and wishing they could fuck you."
Susan could not deny how hot it was to think other guys were jerking off to her image.
"And watching the way that young man was looking at you, well you may have noticed my hardening cock," Susan's head bobbed on her husband's cock at a more feverish pitch, licking and sucking, hungry for sex as her husband's words turned her thoughts to Alec.
"You talking about Alec?"
"Yes...Alec," Edward's head tilted back and he moaned involuntarily as his body reacted to his wife's attention to his cock and the still-fresh images of his wife's brazenness on the beach earlier. "I could tell how Alec looked at you. He would love to have you suck his cock like this."
Susan's talented tongue and mouth, combined with his own thoughts reminiscing of the afternoon at the beach had Edward's cock ready to explode. Again he gathered himself to continue, "I just know he wants to eat and then fuck that sweet pussy of yours!"
Susan stopped her assault on her husband's cock and, with unmistakable lust in her eyes, climbed onto the bed and opened her legs revealing a pussy that was dripping wet. "I need you - NOW!"
Edward climbed onto the bed, his cock at full attention. As he rubbed the tip against Susan's pussy, his wife's arousal was unmistakable. "Wow! I've never seen you this wet," Edward commented, as he looked up at his wife with a big smile on his face. "Something has obviously gotten you excited!" he said as he continued rubbing the tip of his cock at the opening to Susan's pussy.
Susan grabbed his hips and pulled him into her. With a quick shove, he hit home as his wife gasped. This is what Susan wanted, and needed. She wrapped her legs around him pulling him even closer and moaned loudly as her husband started a slow, methodical fucking.
As Edward settled into a rhythmic fucking, he whispered in her ear, "It's fun being a bad girl, isn't it? You like when men look at your naked body, don't you?"
Susan's pussy was sloppy wet from her arousal. She was hotter than Edward had seen her in a while. She had her eyes closed. Was she fantasizing about Alec?
"You loved it, didn't you? Come on baby, admit it."
"YES!" Susan screamed, biting her bottom lip and opening her eyes for a moment as jolts of pre- orgasmic pleasure coursed through her body.
His wife's admission pushed Edward to pick up the pace, now almost punishing his wife's pussy, both of them breathing heavily. "I bet Alec would love to be fucking you like this," Edward continued.
Still keeping her eyes closed, Susan started grunting in rhythm to each push as she began to thrust her hips up to meet her husband's, pushing Edward's dick deeper into her. Edward thought to himself, "She's fantasizing about Alec!"
Surprisingly, he wasn't jealous at all. In fact it turned him on even more. He certainly had no problem in providing the entire beach with peeks of his beautiful and sexy wife earlier in the day. He only wished she was even more adventurous without having to push her.
"I loved it when you showed your pussy to him. You were making both of us hard. I was so proud to call you my wife. I wanted to take you right there on the beach in front of him!"
Susan screamed even louder. She started breathing heavier, bucking her hips as her husband continued the assault of her pussy, his cock driving into her time and time again sending her near the edge, again and again.
Then it came, finally, a glorious rush, for both of them. Wave after wave of involuntary muscle reaction, triggered by the events of the day, consumed their bodies. They were completely covered in sweat, their bodies slick from their intense fucking.
Trying to catch their breath and enjoying the cooling sensation of the air-conditioned room tickling the beads of sweat that had built up on their bodies, they both laid back in each others arms enjoying their post-coital bliss.
As she lay back recovering from the primal sex act, Susan closed her eyes. Visions about the young stranger they met earlier in the day danced before her. To her shame, she began fantasizing of him touching her, just as she drifted off to sleep...
*************
Susan reached into her bag and pulled out the sunscreen. Squeezing a decent amount into the palm of her left hand, she began to rub the cream on her shoulders and upper chest. Then squeezing a bit more, she applied the cream to her abdomen.
Susan noticed Alec watching her intently. Something inside her took over - she knew what she was doing. She moved on to the next stage of her intentional tease, relishing her new self-confidence and with people admiring her body, unleashing and freeing her body of society's norms for a woman of her age.
Another squirt into her palms, Susan moved to her chest, first rubbing both palms together and then applying the cream over her tits. The application was slow and deliberate, kneading each perhaps a little more than needed just to disperse the sunscreen.
Looking around she caught a few of the other men nearby staring at her. She was both flattered and on edge at the same time. She was enjoying this game, but her main focus was the man lying in front of her.
She squeezed a little dab of extra cream directly onto each nipple before taking her index finger and rubbing the cream thoroughly on each nipple, then using her thumb and index finger to pull and pinch each nipple. She made sure not only to attend to those sensitive areas to avoid the burning in the hot sun, but to bring attention to her tits.
And by this time, her own arousal could not be mistaken. Her breasts once again tightening and her nipples erect, clearly aching to be touched again and again.
She was now no longer paying attention to anything else — she was focused solely on the looks she was getting from the man watching her and the feelings emanating from within her body. Her stomach was fluttering rapidly, her clitoris was throbbing, and her nipples were rock hard as she continued to apply the lotion slowly, seductively, to other areas of her body while looking directly at the young man.
Alec moved his sunglasses down his nose. With eye contact made, he nodded at Susan giving her notice that he was both aware of, and appreciative of, her little show.
Susan noticed her husband watching her tease from the comfort of his sun lounger. His own arousal was unmistakable. Their eyes met. He smiled and nodded to his wife, got up, grabbed his shorts from the beach bag, and announced he needed to visit the restroom. "Be back in a bit."
Although she would not normally continue a tease without Edward nearby, in this case Susan decided to take things further.
"Pardon me, Alec, can I ask a favor? Would you mind doing my back?"
Alec jumped up off his towel. "Be happy to!"
Susan got off her lounger and laid down on the blanket, face down. Alec squeezed the sunscreen into his palms, rubbed them together, and began spreading the cream at Susan's shoulders and back. His hands glided across her entire back, at times grazing the sides of her breasts. She closed her eyes unable to control her body's building response, ashamed to admit that the caresses of another man felt so good.
Alec squirted more lotion onto the palm of his hands. Then he moved down to her lower back and ass. Suddenly she let out a gasp as the man's hands intimately slid across her ass, cupping her butt cheeks, squeezing and kneading her flesh. Her gasp turned to a soft, but certainly audible, moan when the man continued the concentrated massage of her ass cheeks.
Then as he moved lower to her legs, Susan involuntarily spread her legs apart to allow the man to reach the inner parts of her thighs. Unabashedly, Alec slid his hands up and down from the inside of her legs to her ass.
To her surprise, she said nothing as Alec's fingers brushed against her pussy lips; after all, it could have been accidental. But when Alec's hands became more adventurous, flashes of heat suddenly ignited from Susan's pussy when it happened again and again, unable to control her own body's response. Without realizing it, Susan closed her eyes and groaned once again at the intimate sensation, her sudden wantonness freeing her of all inhibitions and psycho-emotional hang-ups.
Yet she could not deny her shallow breathing and racing heart, evidence of her escalating arousal.
Alec remained silent during his audacious act. With trepidation on what may come next, Susan hoped her own silence did not indicate acceptance of his actions. She was still unsure if she was willing to take this further. She was fearful of him thinking she was leading him on...
***************
Susan felt someone softly kissing her forehead. "Hey there sleepy head! We should probably get up and start getting showered if we are going to go out!"
Opening her eyes, Susan saw her husband smiling at her. She realized she had drifted off to sleep. She looked at her husband confused. "Ahhhh... You're right."
She was immediately surprised with herself, body feeling flush, ashamed for allowing her mind to wander to such a place. Pushing her horny thoughts aside, she quickly realized she had been dreaming, Susan jumped out of bed and bolted into the shower. "Let me go shower first!"
As she stepped into the shower attempting to cool off, the excitement of her dream was evident throughout her body. She tried to shake the images away, but couldn't. The sensation of the water cascading over her nipples wasn't helping as it created a tingling sensation and a stimulation that reawakened her desire yet again.
Although she did not want to become any more aroused than she already had, Susan could not stop the flood of images from her dream re-playing in her mind. She could not help herself; her body had already been aroused, and it would take little to push her over the edge yet again.
She felt guilt from having such erotic thoughts - particularly involving a man maybe fifteen years younger. She was both mortified and bewildered how somebody other than her husband could affect her this way. And to her shame, her body was responding, involuntarily and without control. She was ashamed to admit that the mere thought of what had happened to her, how she had felt, was affecting her.
As she dried herself, Edward came in and just watched her from the doorway. After their incredible sexual romp earlier, he wanted to let his wife know where HE stood.
"It's kinda hard for me to explain, but I have to admit, the thought of showing you off to other men creates a sexual excitement inside me that I cannot control. You saw that earlier. Nothing else comes close, not even porn. You are the hottest, sexiest, woman that I know!"
Susan smiled at him and bent over to dry her feet and legs, not saying a word.
Sensing something in his wife, Edward tried to assuage her trepidation. "Look sweetheart, it's probably hard for you to understand, but I would love for you to go even further, but I would never want to push you into anything you aren't comfortable with."
************
An hour later Susan put the finishing touches on her lipstick and was ready for their night out. Edward looked her up and down. His wife looked absolutely stunning in a black cocktail dress that was cut low in both the front and the back, and that clung to her body, accentuating her curves. The color highlighted her tanned and toned arms, shoulders, and back. A black lace bra pushed her boobs up and together resulting in nice cleavage. The dress was tightly fitted and settled about 2 inches above her knees perfectly framing her lovely ass while wonderfully hugging the curve of her cheeks.
A pair of sexy strappy heels finished her elegant, but sexy look. As she walked towards Edward, clip-clopping across the tile floor, those heels naturally caused her back to arch and her chest to thrust forward.
"I'm ready!"
The couple ventured out and walked the approximately 3-blocks to a nice, hip seafood restaurant in South Beach. They were able to get two seats at the bar where they had a view through the open doors to a delightful sunset. As his wife climbed up onto the tall bar stool, Edward noticed her dress rode up her legs, and the act resulted in a brief flash up her dress.
Immediately, Edward thought back a few months prior where his wife teased several men in a hotel bar. Before getting up on a stool himself, he leaned into Susan and whispered, "You look delicious!"
"Thank you so much. I'm glad you like," Susan smiled back at her husband.
For whatever reason, perhaps it was responding to Edward's complement or perhaps she was in the mood to tease, Susan stretched one leg out for Edward to admire her legs and placed her heel on Edward's stool before crossing them. The somewhat innocuous act resulted in her legs parting and her dress riding even further up her legs. In plain sight, even if for only an instant, Edward could not help but notice that she was wearing her red lace panties. He looked around and noticed a couple men looking in their direction, who may have been fortunate to witness the innocent, but brazen act.
She leaned in to her husband, "Don't worry about that. After a few drinks they may be coming off!"
His cock twitching in anticipation, "I love you so much!" Edward smiled and whispered.
Susan was starting to heat up again. She knew she was giving not only her husband, but the men around her a peek up her dress and showing plenty of leg; but she loved being in control! As if to show it was no accident, she uncrossed and crossed her legs again while looking around and making eye contact with her voyeurs. She had become a very confident, and very competent, tease.
Of course, his wife's acts did not go unnoticed by Edward. He loved his wife's newly found love of exhibitionism, and he was enjoying witnessing his wife's display more than he could have dreamed. Watching his cute, sexy, mostly shy, and always reserved wife re-discover her naughty side was a huge turn on.
Was it wrong? Well, while this thinking is not considered "normal" by some standards, he could not deny that he loved when his wife dressed hot and sexy. Every successful man wants a "Trophy Wife," and his wife being admired and desired by others excited him.
Yet, deep in his conscious and sub-conscious mind, he fantasized about his wife not only flirting with other men, as she did at the beach, but also taking it even further. The fantasy of watching his wife with another man consumed his thinking. For him, the thought of another man seeing his wife naked, then watching his wife suck another man's cock was the ultimate turn on.
********************
After finishing some appetizers, Edward ordered another round. Then, he picked up his phone and sent a text.
Within 30 minutes, Edward turned and saw Alec walking towards them. "Hey, look who it is!"
Susan's face turned red when she saw Alec as he shook Edward's hand. He then bent down to give Susan a kiss on the cheek.
"Great running into you guys!" Alec smiled broadly, his eyes focused onto Susan. "I almost didn't recognize you with clothes on!"
Susan looked up at her husband blushing in deep embarrassment. Although this man had seen her completely naked a few hours earlier, his words still felt uncomfortable, particularly since several fellow patrons as well as the bartender were in earshot.
"Here, take my seat Alec. I could use a quick break to stretch my legs." Edward pointed to the seat next to his wife.
"Thanks, man!" Alec adjusted the barstool position, moving slightly to face more towards Susan. Because of the surprise visit, Susan still hadn't re-adjusted herself on the barstool.
Alec of course immediately noticed her dress riding up her legs. He smiled and ordered a beer. Then he leaned into Susan, "You look absolutely stunning." Turning to Edward, "You are a very lucky guy to have such a lovely and sexy wife."
"I totally agree with you. I am one lucky man!" Edward beamed hearing the complement. One of the things he loved when he and his wife played "The Game" was seeing and hearing complements about his wife.
The three continued talking about nothing in particular. The conversation flowed naturally and easily. Alec was funny, smart, attentive, and certainly not brash. Despite the fact that they were all nude in front each other earlier in the day, Alec kept complimenting Susan on how she looked in what she was wearing and how she was wearing it. Susan felt at ease and did not even consider re-adjusting herself.
An hour passed and the three were laughing and having a good time. Susan again was showing a lot of leg as her dress rode high up on her thighs sitting on that bar stool. That fact did not go unnoticed by Alec. As they sipped their drinks and chatted, Edward noticed that Alec's eyes kept drifting down to his wife's cleavage and legs.
And after another round of drinks, it appeared the drinks were releasing any reservations and freeing everyone's inhibitions. Susan noticed that Alec would sometimes touch her arm, sometimes her knee.
By this time, Susan seemed to be relishing the attention from the younger man. She crossed and uncrossed her legs several times, and even reached down to adjust the strap on her heel in front of him giving him a view of her cleavage. In reality, she knew he was staring at her legs and she thought she should give him a little more. "What's the harm?" she thought. He had already seen her naked just a few hours ago. And she admittedly enjoyed the attention she was receiving from the younger man.
She thought back to her first time she removed her top on a public beach, and how naughty she felt doing something so out-of-character for her - a time that seemed a lifetime ago.
Alec leaned in close to Susan, whispering so only she could hear. "You looked great on the beach today. I would love to get to know you better." Alec's words may have embarrassed Susan in her past, but this time was different. She took it as a complete compliment, although naïve to what he really meant.
She could not stop the flood of thoughts playing in her mind; of how her bawdy performance in front of this young man earlier in the day sent bolts of electricity through her body. She remembered the heat welling up from her pussy when his eyes explored her body; particularly those parts that had previously been reserved for, and only touched by, her husband.
After another ten minutes, Alec seemed to get a bit more intimate. At one time, he leaned in and whispered in her ear, "You are even sexier than I expected with your clothes on," while at the same time placing his hand on her thigh and caressing her thigh for a few seconds.
Susan felt her body flush a hundred shades of red from the young man's direct and licentious complement. She looked up to see his piercing eyes revealing his desire. She felt jolts of electricity course through her body as she now realized his intentions were unmistakable.
Edward couldn't help but notice the lingering stares and outright flirting between Alec and his wife. There was no doubt that there was a sexual energy between them. At that moment, the thought of this younger man fucking his wife popped into his head. He had to admit that his stomach had butterflies as he wondered where the night might lead them. His cock twitched again at that thought.
"I think I am going to use the ladies room," Susan abruptly announced as her mind went blank, overloaded with trying to process the situation. She took a deep breath and another sip of her drink. Then she gathered her purse and slid off the barstool.
Both gentlemen watched intently when her dress rode up even higher giving a not-so-brief glimpse of her red panties. She smiled sheepishly, adjusted her dress, and turned to walk across the floor to the back. After a few steps, she turned around and saw both men watching her. Susan clearly remained the center of their attention.
She closed the door to the ladies room and stopped at the mirror, ashamed yet excited at what was happening. Her face was flushed and her breathing heavy. She noticed her wedding ring. What was she thinking? Her actions at the beach and the enjoyment of flirting with another man were a betrayal to her vows. Yet, clearing being a married woman had not stopped this man from making a pass at her. This ring upon her hand meant nothing to him. And it seems, her husband was encouraging all of this!
After watching her ass swing in her tight dress as she wound her way through the crowd, Alec looked up at Edward with a devious smile and asked, "I hope you don't think this is too forward, but I need to ask. Do you guys 'play' as a couple? I mean, your wife is hot and I would really like to get to know her better!"
Edward knew exactly what Alec meant and what he was asking. The time had come. He took a big gulp of his drink. "Well, it's been a fantasy of mine...you know...to watch Susan with another man. For some reason - well - I can't explain it..." Edward's nervousness was obviously building and he had trouble speaking as the potential to watch his wife have sex with another man had just become very real; his deviant fantasy brought to the forefront of possibility.
Why was this offer from another man exciting him, and not driving him into a jealous rage? Although he didn't need another man to tell him his wife was attractive, it sure stoked his ego hearing that from another man. And at this stage of their marriage, he was neither jealous nor monopolizing, and he trusted her completely. For some reason, the possibility continued to build an inexplicable arousal within him.
Could "The Game" that once started as naughty role-play of his wife acting like a hotwife out to play actually open the door to her becoming a real hotwife Vixen? There was something bizarrely arousing about this relative stranger being so forward and essentially asking permission to have sex with his wife.
The thought of another man stripping his wife naked, then watching as he eats her pussy both excited him and scared him. But then, imagining his wife sucking another man's cock and ultimately seeing his wife's pussy taken by another man's cock just simply blew his mind in ways he could not comprehend.
Certainly it appeared his wife was attracted to this relative stranger sexually. And things were certainly moving quickly. And it seemed like Alec was a willing participant. "But what was Susan thinking?" he wondered.
"You're not the only one with that fantasy," Alec tried to reassure Edward. "In reality, I am nervous about this as well." While Alec had had sex with other married women and even had a few FMF 3-somes, he never had sex with a married woman while her husband watched in the same room.
"Well, it just has to be with the right guy, a guy who will be respectful of her and our marriage. I am not a cuckold in the sense that I do not wish to be humiliated. This is for her pleasure, and seeing her receive sexual pleasure will give me tremendous gratification."
He took another sip of his drink and stared at the back bar for a moment, "But ultimately it doesn't matter what I want, it's Susan's decision..."
Just then the conversation was interrupted as Susan arrived back at the bar and pulled herself back onto the barstool.
Alec's cell phone rang. "I apologize, I have to take this call," and stepped out of the restaurant.
Edward smiled at Susan. "Having fun?"
"Yes, I am...and...he is really nice."
Edward's mind continued to wonder about the possibilities for what may happen before the evening was over. He decided it was now or never. He threw his cards on the table, "You know Alec is really into you, right? I mean, he has been blatantly staring at you and hitting on you all night."
Susan took a drink of her cocktail but did not respond. But Edward knew this was the time to assuage his wife's fears of infidelity. "Look, that just makes me want you even more. The more other men desire you, the sexier you are to me!"
Edward saw his that words appeared to embarrass Susan. She sometimes puts barriers up and withdraws when talking about sex. He tried to assure her he was good with everything.
"I think it's great," he tried to assure his wife. "And, I especially like the effect it's having on you."
"What do you mean?" Susan asked.
"Look, whether you wish to admit it or not, I believe you are turned on as well," he continued. "I mean, right here, right now, you seem to be glowing and your breathing is heavy, almost like you've never been so turned on in your life!"
Susan squirmed in her seat a bit as her husband's words actually hit home. The constant hot flashes coursing through her body leaving no doubt she WAS turned on by the younger man. "But what next?" she asked herself.
Edward leaned in and kissed his wife, and then whispered in her ear, "I saw how you were opening and closing your legs right in front of him at the beach earlier. You LIKE him looking at you. You WANTED him to see your pussy, isn't that right?" He placed his hand on her leg and caressed it while leaning in to nibble at her neck.
Then he kissed her long and deeply, their tongues quickly finding each other, their mouths pressed tightly together as he slowly moved his hand up her leg. Susan felt her own body respond, flaring up in arousal from the warm embrace of her husband. For some reason, even in this crowded restaurant bar and with others so close, with only the briefest moment of hesitation, she instinctively splayed open her legs. As his hand neared the fragile material of her panties, Edward could feel the warmth of her pussy, her arousal fueled by everything that was happening
"You saw his large cock growing from staring at your pussy, didn't you?" Edward's mind somehow jumped to sordid images of this stranger impaling his wife with that large cock.
"Ssshhhh," she whispered embarrassingly as his touch on her pussy sent jolts through her body. The thought was foreign to her. In all the years she had been married, she had never imagined or desired to have sex with anybody but her husband. But a few months back, at the hotel bar, she could not deny her feelings and how turned on she was when another stranger openly asked to fuck her. That flashback gave her pause. That day had been the first day of what was a new life for her. And here was the result. She had a decision to make.
Edward decided to press further, "Do you want to..." He hesitated for a bit, wondering if he was ready to not only ask THE question, but also to get THE answer. He wondered if HE was actually ready for this?
After what seemed like minutes, he continued, "Do you want to take it a step further?"
"Just be quiet and let's not talk about it Edward!" The words were spoken, but Susan had to admit that the thought stirred her emotions. Perhaps it was the attention she had gotten at the beach earlier. Wouldn't every woman want to be desired? And she DID notice the stranger's cock growing in front of her.
"He seems nice, I like him. But I do not know what the next step is, and I don't want to lead him on. I certainly am not yet ready to fuck another guy, if that's where you are going!"
Edward pressed further, "Look, we are two adults in a loving relationship who are interested in spicing things up. I know that this may be a bit more than what some may consider..."
Edward paused as he noticed nervousness in his wife's eyes. "Look sweetheart, we are on holiday in a far away place where no one knows us. Vacations are supposed to provide relaxation, a time to release tension and create fond memories."
Susan didn't respond. In reality, salacious thoughts zipped through her mind. She thought back to her feelings at the bar a couple months earlier, where another younger guy David wanted to have his way with her. Could she finally be ready to tap the forbidden fruit?
Just then Alec arrived back. "Sorry about that. It was an old friend living here in Florida. We made arrangements to get together tomorrow to catch up."
Alec noticed Edward and Susan seemed to be in the middle of something. Sensing a need for the couple to talk privately, Alec excused himself to use the rest room.
Edward leaned in to his wife and kissed her. Looking into her eyes, he held her hand and offered, "I have a confession. Alec just asked if we play. I knew exactly what he meant and I told him that I would love to see you with another man, but I was unsure if you were ready."
"What? You told him that? Edward, what are we doing?" Susan snapped. "I can't believe this is happening!" Motioning towards the direction Alec just walked, "And, HE is a bit presumptuous, isn't he?"
"Well, you know how I feel about this. I have put all my cards on the table with you. And now, you can't imagine how much of a turn on it is watching another man lust after you. And having another man essentially ask me if is ok to fuck my wife is the most, well, it is the most mind-blowing, erotic thing I have ever experienced. It's incredibly exciting! And if I am not mistaken, he does turn you on, am I not correct?"
Susan just stared at her husband.
"Look, this is a judgment free zone sweetheart, I know you find him attractive."
"Yes but... this is just happening so fast!"
Edward could see panic in his wife's eyes. "I understand Susan. Look, we have been married for, well, almost thirty years. And I trust you implicitly. We are just trying to explore some things, you know, spice things up in our marriage. So here, while on a vacation and where nobody knows us, why not let our fantasies run wild? I mean, now is a chance to let go of our inhibitions, to simply live for the moment without holding back; something we would never do back home!"
"Well, I am also nervous because...well, I am in my fifties and he is much younger and..," Susan's nervousness grew greater as she took another sip of her drink, her hands shaking.
"Honey, being nervous is ok. But also realize that he has already seen your body, all of you. On a nude beach, there is nothing you can hide. And clearly he likes what he has seen!"
Edward's comment actually made sense. This was not a "normal" situation where, as an older woman, she would be concerned and maybe even embarrassed to reveal her body to a much younger man. He had already seen all of her!
"But this is your decision," Edward continued. "I am not forcing you to do anything. I just wanted you to know how I feel."
She looked down and noticed the conversation had resulted in a large bulge in her husband's pants. She looked up and saw pure arousal in his eyes. There was no doubt in her mind that he had enjoyed her teasing and flirting so far. The look in his eyes was so passionate and intense, she had no doubt his desire to watch her with another man was real. But she was still unsure what long-term effects this would have on their relationship.
"Sometimes fantasies should remain just that," Susan whispered. "Some things cannot be undone."
Edward saw his wife nervously bite her lip. "We love each other and that will not change no matter what you decide."
He decided to press further, "Do you want to..," He stopped mid-sentence hesitating himself. Was HE actually ready for his wife to have sex with another man? He took another gulp of his drink, and continued, "Do you want to take it a step further? Are you OK with going back to our hotel?"
Susan blushed. She was worried, but turned on by the possibilities, "How far do you want this to go?"
"Well, you like him, don't you? I mean... he seems like a nice guy, a respectful guy."
"Yes, he's a nice guy - seemingly very gentle. I do like him."
"I agree. And it's fun watching the two of you flirting with each other," Edward looked directly into his wife's eyes and picked up her hand. Actually, the thought that another man might actually make his often-conservative wife moan with ecstasy made him shake with nervousness. He swallowed hard and pushed her further. "I think we should all go back to our hotel and see what happens."
"But how far Edward?"
"It is totally up to you. I have to admit, I would like you to have a night of delirious no-holds-barred sex with him." He paused and took another gulp to finish his drink. He picked up her hand and rubbed it softly, gently while looking into her eyes. "I want you to enjoy yourself completely and make a memory we will talk about for years to come. But I am not going to force you into doing anything you do not want or are uncomfortable with. If the night ends up with heavy petting, that's ok!"
Susan stared right at her husband, not saying anything for a moment. She was keenly aware of her husband's fetish of wanting to watch his very own wife tease and flirt with other men. And like a good wife she preferred to let herself be "coerced" into being that naughty girl. That way she could rationalize that she was simply going along with this to please her husband and his kinky desires.
But now, she had to decide if she was going to allow "The Game" of theirs to go further - was she going to allow herself to become a "Hotwife" officially? She knew she probably should just say no. But there was no doubt that she could not stop her feelings and visions that kept going through her.
Seeing what appeared to be nervous trepidation in his wife's eyes, Edward thought he may have pressed this too much and she might be ready to back out.
But surprisingly, Susan looked straight into her husband's soul and asked, "Do you really think you could watch me be with another man and not get jealous?" She could not believe she just asked that question. Was she now actually considering making out with, and perhaps even having sex with another man for the first time since they were married?
Just then, Alec appeared. Edward gave him a nod and looked back at his wife searching for the correct way to respond to his wife's question.
Edward looked back at Alec and tried to assuage his wife's concerns as well as set some rules. "Just so you know. We have never done anything like this before," he explained to Alec. "I mean...her being with another man...you know...I mean, we are curious...we just don't want to do something that will make us regret our decision," Edward nervously tried to explain to the young man.
Alec noticed the tension and nervousness as Susan squirmed in her seat. He picked up Susan's hand, "Nothing is going to happen that you do not want."
As nervous as she was, Susan had to admit that his touch sent electricity through her body and she was getting increasingly more turned on from his sincerity. She took a big gulp finishing her drink and looked deeply into her husband's eyes, "Is that what you want?"
Edward reached for both of his wife's hands. "I want you to see you pleased, to let your desires and emotions be free, and to have no regrets. So...the answer is...yes!"
Susan stood frozen for a moment, seemingly with her mind blown. They looked at each other, saying nothing. Time stood still. Then without any more words, they turned in unison to head back to the hotel.
************
The UBER pulled up and Alec reached to open the door for Susan. As she got into the back seat her dress accidentally slid well up to past mid-thigh. She noticed Alec looking down at her legs and he likely got a glimpse up her dress. With her right hand, she instinctively started to pull it down, but then she hesitated. Instead, she found herself not readjusting herself and then, with a smile she just looked into his eyes and said, "thank you!"
She slowly, and rather seductively, slid across the back seat and Alec quickly followed sitting next to her. Edward sat in the front.
The driver pulled away and Edward turned around just as Alec put his arm around Susan and pulled her close. This was the first time seeing his wife in the arms of another man. Susan's eyes met her husband's as she nuzzled into her potential new lover's chest. For Edward, the looming reality of his wife becoming a hotwife sent his mind spiraling as his cock began to harden.
Before long, they were at the hotel. They walked past the lobby and down a hall to their first-floor room.
Although his hands were shaking, Edward was able to open the room door and held it open for his wife and Alec.
Once inside, nervous energy enveloped the room. Edward went to make drinks for everyone.
Susan excused herself to use the rest room and, just before closing the door behind her, turned to her husband and asked, "What do you want me to do Edward?"
Her question took Edward by surprise. "What...what do you mean?"
"You know exactly what I mean. Tell me what you want me to do?"
The moment of truth had arrived. Susan wanted to hear again before this went further. Time stopped for Edward. Could he really go through with it? He saw both of them looking directly at him waiting for his response. Edward did not want to be humiliated. He merely wanted his wife to enjoy herself by having a night of complete sexual satisfaction.
After what seemed like minutes of nervous silence, any reasonable or sensible thoughts were overcome by his arousal. His subconscious took over as he answered, "I want you to enjoy your night with Alec. I want to watch you suck his cock and then fuck him!"
The words, shocking as they were to a woman who had been faithful to her husband for nearly thirty years, at least gave Susan the validation that her husband approved of what was becoming inevitable.
"Ok... then I need you to go down to the drug store on the corner and buy some condoms." She looked over at Alec, and with a devious smile continued, "I think they will need to be the extra large, magnum condoms!" as she closed the door behind her.
Edward stood still for a moment, embarrassed from his wife's demand. He was not a cuckold and did not wish to be treated as one. He simply wanted his wife to enjoy immense pleasure from another man, without either of them humiliating him. But he knew that he had to give his wife some space. He looked over sheepishly at Alec, who had remained silent throughout the exchange, not wanting to ruin the moment or his chances of being with Edward's wife.
Now he had to deal with the reality of letting a relative stranger take his wife in his own hotel room and have his way with her. Edward grabbed the keys and opened the door, "Be back in ten minutes."
As she closed the door behind her, Susan felt a moment of guilt at the words that just came out of her mouth. She looked at herself in the mirror. Who was this woman? Her face was flushed again and her breathing heavy. She could not believe how much her thinking had changed. Yet the proof was looking across from her in the mirror.
Here she was, dressed in a revealing dress, with a stranger who wants to fuck her in her own hotel room, and with a husband who is encouraging this lascivious behavior! And, to top it off, she just sent her husband out to buy condoms!
She tried to fix her hair, mussed from nuzzling against Alec on the ride over. Her mind was reeling as indecent thoughts ran through her head. She had been given the "green light" from her husband to not only let another man grope her, but also to fuck her. And he wanted to watch! "How could her very own husband want to watch her fuck another man?" she whispered to herself. "What kind of man thinks of his wife like that?"
She saw her negligee hanging on the door. She remembered how her husband loved that negligee, always telling her how hot she looked in it. She recalled him often wishing other guys could see her in it. "Well tonight will be the night!" she whispered. As she removed her dress and unhooked her bra, an explosion of naughty thoughts went off in her mind. She was surprised to find her red lace panties soaking wet from her arousal. She slid her panties off.
She drew in a breath as her fingers brushed against her crotch, inflamed from arousal. Looking at herself in the mirror, she came to realize she could not curb her own desire. Her sex was filled with her own moisture and now her body yearned for relief. She recalled earlier conversations with her husband telling her he wanted her to be more sexually open, even suggesting she should be more promiscuous with other men. Her pussy was wet and getting wetter. She looked at herself in the mirror. She knew what she wanted and, with her husband not only condoning, but also actually encouraging her to step out of her matrimonial vows, she pulled the negligee over her head.
Susan fixed her make-up and her hair. Taking a deep breath, she opened the door and walked slowly towards the bed nearly shaking with nervousness. With the sheerness of her garment leaving nothing to the imagination, instead of reticence she was surprised to feel waves of arousal coursing through her core, her body anticipating what may happen next.
Alec, still sitting on the edge of the bed, took in the sight of Susan. She had changed into a sheer black negligee, but kept her heels on. The young man looked at her hungrily, intently, from head to heels as he followed every curve. This mature MILF looked stunningly sexy.
"I'm sorry if I seem nervous," Susan said as she stood before Alec in nothing but the short, see-thru garment. "It's not that I'm ashamed of my body, but I have never done anything like this before. I have never had sex outside my marriage. This is all so new to me." She felt herself getting wobbly in the knees and vulnerable standing before a man not her husband in such a sexy garment, hiding nothing. But she could not deny; the thought of what she was about to do was intoxicating.
Alec looked her up and down and smiled softly, "You look absolutely stunning!
Seeing her nervousness, he reached for her hand. "Nothing will happen unless you want it to. But from what I am seeing, you both want this and I am certain you both will have great memories for a long time."
Having him stare at her while in very sheer lingerie, like no one but her husband had for years, should have felt vulgar, but his voice and that smile were intoxicating for Susan. At that moment, she had never felt more liberated, wanted, and desired as a woman. Standing practically naked in front of a relative stranger, and unable to offer any façade of decency, she decided right then to allow this to go further, damning the guilt.
Edward passed the window to their room. Through everything that was happening, the last thing on anyone's mind was to close the window shades. He stopped to look in just as his wife came out of the bathroom. Like a voyeur, he watched as his wife presented herself in a sheer negligee to another man.
"You are a beautiful and sexy woman, and I really want you. Now come here." Alec drew Susan closer and embraced her. Then he tilted her head up, his eyes looked deeply into hers, he came in close and her mouth instinctively opened, as she allowed the young man to kiss her gently.
She felt his right hand float up her back, pulling her closer, pushing his chest against hers, as his tongue gently brushed against Susan's before probing deeply, enveloping her in a passionate kiss.
Susan felt weak-kneed, her heart pounding out of her chest. She could not believe she was doing this, standing here accepting a deep kiss from someone other than her husband. But it felt so good to be SO naughty!
Edward watched as his wife accepted the kiss and kissed him back. Now barely breathing, he watched as a stranger kissed his wife's neck while his hand roamed unfettered over the curvature of her barely covered ass. Then he watched spellbound as Alec pulled aside the thin fabric and began to play with his wife's breast, cupping and feeling its weight. As they continued kissing, tonguing, and exploring, he could see his wife moan into her lover's mouth when his fingers closed around and pinched a nipple hard.
For Edward, the feeling of watching his wife with another man was heightened further as he watched this stranger fondle his near-naked wife. The image was mind blowing and every delicious detail of the images playing out before him will be burned into his memory.
He watched as Alec moved down to suck on his wife's nipples, alternating between the two. As his wife continued to respond to the touch of another man, Edward wanted to continue watching like a perverted peeping tom, but pulled himself away to quickly sprint to the drug store to buy the condoms.
Susan closed her eyes and gasped slightly as Alec blew soft warm air across her nipples before gently kissing them. Immediately she felt a wave of warmth spread through her as the action sent high-powered pulses of energy through her body. Then he flicked his tongue over her nipple before nipping it with his lips, sucking it into his mouth and meeting and encircling the tip with his tongue. He then moved to the other and repeated the process on her other breast. She whimpered as electric sensations from the warmth and touch of his mouth and his tongue on her boobs ran through her like a lightning strike.
In what seemed like an eternity, Edward returned again stopping at the window to see Alec helping his wife onto the bed, now with her negligee removed and wearing only her heels. Like in an erotic dream, Edward watched as Susan laid back and opened her legs, offering herself to Alec.
Edward's heart began pounding even faster as he watched the porn scene unfold before him. He was conflicted - he was nervous and his stomach was tied in knots, but his cock was uncontrollably rigid as he adjusted his pants and breathed faster. There was something incredibly erotic, even lewd about watching his wife offer herself to another man.
Susan's heart was beating out of her chest. Perhaps it was from the touch of another man, or perhaps from the alcohol, her body was once again heating up, and she was ready to explore more of her sexual awakening. And why not? Her husband has been encouraging her to do this. Her body is telling her to do this. "Let's see what happens next," she thought.
Alec crawled between her spread legs, maintaining direct eye contact with Susan before lowering himself to her pussy. He kissed her inner thighs. His finger slid up between the folds of her mons and across her clit, causing Susan to shudder. He leaned in as his tongue began to lick her up and down and around her lips. She was soaking wet; her body was eager.
For the first time since she was married, Susan felt the heat of another man's breath and the warmth of his tongue on her most intimate of areas. "Oh.. my..God, this feels so good!" she whispered to herself as she looked down in surrender at the man below her.
Edward could easily see the man's tongue alternatingly plunging into her hole and circling her clit. He saw his wife close her eyes and bite her lip. He knew his wife, and he was pretty certain she was turned on and enjoying the erotic experience. His previous shy and faithful wife had rediscovered her sexuality and he was determined to see her explore it further.
Susan felt her body was betraying her as she was accepting and enjoying the touch of a stranger! And to her shame, another wave of warmth spread through her - her body now aroused even further than before.
Alec reached up without losing his focus on Susan's pussy, finding and gently squeezing her nipple between his thumb and forefinger. He did this several times, letting go and then squeezing again.
Susan felt her pulse increase from another man exploring her body, arousal seeping through her causing her pussy to release a flood of her juices. Alec continued his intimate dance with his tongue, teasing the woman who had teased him on the beach just a few hours earlier.
Not being able to take it any more, Susan pulled Alec's head hard to her pussy. As Alec rammed his tongue into her, Susan could not help but moan as her body became a subordinate to lust, her married pussy responding uncontrollably in response to another man's mouth licking, poking, and prodding her most intimate region. She closed her eyes, focusing upon the feeling between her legs allowing him to do whatever he wanted to her. The absence of sight only intensified her sensations. She had not been this aroused in some time. Less worried about her infidelity, perhaps because her husband was not near, she grabbed her lover's head, running her hands through his hair as his tongue stimulated her bare flesh.
Susan kept her eyes closed, somehow feeling less guilty by not wanting to watch another man do what he was doing to her.
By now, Edward's cock was straining against the material of his slacks. He could not help but reach down and stroke his member like a perverted voyeur watching the neighbor's wife. Clearly his wife was enjoying herself. But was it because he was not there in the room? Susan obviously did not know that he could see what was happening through the window. He wanted his wife to enjoy the experience and did not want to interrupt the mood. Should he give them more alone time?
Considering the possibility of being arrested by the police, he walked around and through the lobby to quietly open the room door. He placed the condoms on the table and picked up his drink and took a seat.
Although Susan was in the throes of excitement, she still saw her husband come in and sit down. A feeling of shame coursed though her body at being caught "cheating." She could not believe she was letting another man taste her juices while her was husband was a mere few feet away, being a spectator to her dalliance.
She could feel her husband's eyes on her and for some reason she was reluctant to meet them with her own. Mortified, Susan finally opened her eyes in complete disgrace and utter shame. Instead of anger, she saw lust in her husband's eyes. Sensing her sudden trepidation, Edward blew her a kiss and mouthed, "I love you" at her.
Seeing nothing negative or threatening in her husband's body language while this sexual exploitation was occurring in his plain sight, and with his apparent approval, allowed her to relax. Now assuaged of her own inhibitions and reservations, she allowed her body's natural instincts to react.
Alec's talented tongue continued his assault, alternatingly licking and poking his tongue into her pussy and sucking on Susan's clit. The very fact her first extra-marital sexual dalliance was occurring in plain sight of her husband, who was looking on as an anxious but obliging spectator, made it even hotter. Perhaps she was, in fact, the ultimate exhibitionist.
Edward was feeling something strange, almost foreign, happening inside him; his own cock still straining hard against his pants. He was incredibly turned on by what was happening in front of him. Growing up he had felt a bit insecure. Even when they started dating and during the early years of their marriage, he would get extremely jealous if he even noticed another guy looking her way. Sitting here now watching his wife being seduced, he was fighting a strange arousal over the thought of another man intimately touching his wife. It was confusing, but incredibly arousing.
Through the haze of lust and confusion, the naughtiness of her act and her desire for more nonetheless broke through her moral barriers and drove her over the edge. Susan pulled her lover's head closer and thrust her hips toward his mouth, ecstasy shooting through her body, while having one of the most intense orgasms in recent memory.
As Alec sat up, she looked at him, her face flushed as he looked at her intently. Anxiously, she suddenly caught herself. "What am I doing?" she thought. "I am a married woman!"
Edward's heart began pounding and he felt flush and lightheaded as he looked on nervously when Alec slowly began unbuckling his belt. Then he slowly removed his shirt, exposing his toned muscled chest. Next he slid his slacks down and his thick uncircumcised cock sprung outwards. Was this really happening?
Now fixated on his manhood, Susan watched Alec's cock growing and hardening before her eyes, rising upward and taking its full form. She realized she was still spread eagled on the bed, and Alec's eyes were locked to her pussy. She watched as it grew fully, fat and at least eight, maybe nine inches long, jutting outward and upward because HE was turned on by HER!
Alec spoke, his voice soft but deliberate, "You are a beautiful, sexy woman, Susan. Just look at what you do to me! Don't worry about a thing; I am certain you will enjoy this experience." Before long his uncircumcised cock was over nine inches long, thick and fat, and jutting outward and fully directly at Susan.
She sat up and looked at Edward blushing in deep embarrassment. Edward nodded giving both encouragement and approval. Feeling emboldened and incredibly naughty, Susan reached to pull Alec close to her. "Just say stop if this is going too far," she whispered looking back to her husband.
Edward did not answer as he watched his wife reach for his manhood, gripping him with both hands trying to encircle his girth. He was amazed how small her hands looked as she held onto the still-growing rod. He watched as his wife began stroking him slowly, her now almost completely entranced by the hardened member. The fact that her wedding ring and diamond were visible as his wife stroked another man's cock made it that much hotter. What was now clear to him...his wife was becoming a sexual vixen.
Edward noticed Susan biting her bottom lip as she succumbed to the seduction. Her tits jiggled as she pumped this stranger's cock faster. She reached out her other hand to massage his balls as well. Alec tilted his head back in pleasure, letting out a discernible moan.
Her face flushed and her breathing heavy, Susan again looked up at her husband, eyes widened, perhaps realizing the gravity of her actions, and once again wondering if this should stop. Edward knew what she was thinking. Things had progressed fast and this was the point of no return. He knew where this was going. Should he stop this? Could he watch his wife being fucked in front of him by another man, a much younger, more muscular and more endowed man?
For years, he surreptitiously wanted this. Then when he told his wife of this fantasy, she was put off at first. Now she was before him breathing heavy and with lust in her eyes and glowing with sexual energy. He could not deny her this pleasure. He nodded reassuringly, once again offering his approval.
Susan gave her husband every opportunity to stop this. But instead, he seemed to be even more turned on and encouraging. She felt her own uncontrollable arousal; a feeling like she was living in another woman's body, in another dimension, or in another world.
She smiled nervously at her husband and, hearing no objection, turned back to the young man, leaned forward and began licking his balls. Then she licked and mouthed her way up his shaft, her tongue exploring the length of his cock, teasing him with her soft lips. She found the taste of Alec's cock intoxicating and very manly. An immoral thought suddenly popped into her head as she wondered if she could even take the entirety of the young man's cock. Certainly she could not take it completely into her mouth, but now she wondered if her pussy would stretch to accommodate its girth.
Wasting little time, she placed both hands around his shaft, opened her mouth, and sucked the head of Alec's cock in, challenging herself. Her lips stretched over the soft velvety skin. She felt a strange, but pleasurable sensation throughout her body, as she tasted a strange cock for the first time. Her pussy tingled with excitement from the forbidden act. Her eyes looked up again meeting her husband's as she continued sucking the cock of a total stranger.
The moment and images will burned in Edward's mind forever. There was his sweet soccer mom wife, her eyes intense and aflame, and now happily sucking another man's thick cock into her mouth! He removed his own clothes and tossed them aside; his heart racing as his body involuntarily reacted watching his proper, conservative wife perform a porn scene in front of him. His heart was beating out of his chest and the adrenaline rushing throughout his body kept his cock hard the entire time. What he was witnessing was the most brazen thing he has ever seen his wife do...and he was so turned on!
Susan opened her mouth as wide as she could, stretching her lips to accommodate his girth to try to fully engulf his cock. She pushed his cock further to the back of her throat, attempting to swallow her lover's cock. But the length and girth did not allow it. She gagged from her initial attempt. For several minutes she licked and sucked the stiff shaft, managing to work more and more of it into her mouth and down her throat. However, a couple inches still remained outside her lips despite her best efforts.
Meanwhile, Edward pulled out his phone and started shooting a video. He knew this would likely be a one-and-done scenario and wanted to capture the erotic scene for both of them to enjoy and reminisce in years to come.
Susan settled for a rhythmic bobbing of her head while her hands alternated stroking his cock and fondling his balls. She felt Alec gently caressing her head while at the same time holding her hair away so that her husband, and the camera, had an unobstructed view. She also noticed Edward shooting the video and, instead of protesting, embraced her inner slut and picked up the pace on her lover's cock.
The room echoed with the sounds of her slurping up and down the man's large cock. Then she let the purple head pop out of her mouth and looked up at her lover as she kissed from the tip down the shaft. Edward plainly saw streams of pre-cum stretched from his wife's lips to the head of his cock. For Edward, it was an incredibly lewd yet erotic sight.
Edward moved to the side of the bed, still recording a video of this incredible sight before him. It was even better to see his wife's enthusiasm while sucking him. "You look incredibly sexy with a cock in your mouth," Edward whispered, now having a close-up of his wife's cheeks hollowing as she had Alec's cock buried as far as she could in her throat. She sped up her movements, her head bobbing back and forth in front of him.
Through most of this time, Susan and her husband's eyes remained locked on each other. However, the sight of his wife giving pleasure to another man was too hot for him to handle. Without even touching himself, Edward started cumming from the excitement of his wife looking at him while sucking on another cock. Jizz exploded onto the floor, his excitement uncontrollable from the erotic scene before him.
Susan's eyes opened wide as she witnessed her husband's reaction. She attempted a smile, but with her mouth full it was impossible. And, her jaw was getting sore trying to accommodate Alec's size. She let the large veiny member pop out of her mouth. She turned her attention to and looked up at her lover while rubbing the head of his cock over her face, and kissing the tip.
As Susan stopped her assault on her new lover's cock, Alec re-positioned Susan laying her back on the bed. As Edward leaned in to kiss her and, briefly breaking their kiss, he asked his wife, "You okay with all of this?"
"Well...Yes... I think so," Susan said kissing Edward back. "You don't mind that I've...that I'm going to... It doesn't bother you that I'm..." Susan stammered to get out her question. She was mortified and bewildered how she could want somebody other than her husband so badly—particularly a man two decades younger, and in front of her husband! But she could not help herself—her body had already been so aroused, reawakening a desire felt previously a few months earlier at the Bar. Now with her husband's approval and even encouragement, she was about to open her legs and let another man fuck her.
Susan's response injected new life into Edward's cock. His arousal was unmistakable. His cock once again at full attention- and aching to be touched, sucked, or fucked. He was practically overcome watching lovingly as his wife spread her legs, her pussy split wide open and her pussy lips bulging, inviting another man to fuck her.
Alec reached onto the table, tore the packet open, and slowly rolled a condom onto his hard cock.
Then came the moment he fantasized about for years, the watershed moment that would remain burned into his brain forever. Edward watched as the younger man climbed between Susan's legs and lifted her legs onto his shoulders, her high heels pointing upward. He kissed her legs even stopping to suck on her toes.
Then he watched as the man placed his hard cock against his wife's hot pussy. He rubbed it along her lips, allowing her juices to lubricate, while teasing her before asking her, "Are you certain of this? I need for you to tell me what you want."
"My god." Susan's words escaped from her mouth in a whisper. "I can't believe I'm doing this." She looked again at her husband to gauge his reaction. "Are you sure you want me to do this? I mean, are you really sure you can handle this Edward?"
The sight before him was incredibly erotic and the image would be buried into his memory - his wife on her back, naked but for her heels, with her legs spread and a well-endowed younger man ready, willing, and wanting to fuck his wife. Edward did not know what made him say it, but the words just popped out of his mouth, "Yes, I want you to fuck him! Relax, release, and let go! I love you!" looking directly at his wife. The moment of truth had arrived; this man was about to fuck his wife, and not only was she parting her legs for him, but he just gave the go ahead to let him!
The direct and vulgar response shocked Susan. The look on her husband's face was so intense. Was she really going to do this, she thought to herself? A mixture of emotions flowed through her. She felt confused and reluctant but at the same time hornier than ever before. Ultimately, she became possessed by her own lust; her hardened nipples and her inflamed crotch overtook all emotions. Her pussy pleaded for relief. For the second time today, she needed her pussy filled.
Although stunned, subconsciously she was also elated and thrilled, and her husband's words involuntarily drove her to pull Alec closer. Just like that, Alec entered her part way, his girth making her gasp. This was the first new cock she had in her since she had married Edward almost 30 years before.
Edward watched the next scene unfold. There are some images you can't un-see and will remember forever, like watching your wife take another cock. He watched in aroused fascination as the thick shaft spread her open. He watched his wife's labia stretched and hugged his cock, clinging to his organ, but not letting go. He wondered if his wife would be able to take the full length of Alec's member.
After she caught her breath, Susan felt an overwhelming fullness as her pussy gripped his shaft. She struggled to take him at first; he was longer and fatter than her husband.
Alec worked his cock in and out, each time driving a little deeper inch by inch into Susan's married pussy. He was gentle and considerate, taking his time letting the dynamic of this woman becoming a hotwife play out in front of him. He did not say a word, choosing instead to let Edward and Susan have this moment.
Susan looked up at the man in front of her. The muscles in his arms and chest flexed as he probed her deeper and deeper with every thrust. There was no doubt this man was hot, and now she was feeling his manhood inside her! It was a long, slow, sensuous fuck.
Overwhelmed at how aroused her body had become, her body adjusted to his size and she was able to give in to enjoying the ministrations of Alec's hard cock. Susan was no longer doing this for her husband; she wanted this for herself. She closed her eyes to focus on fucking the cock inside her. Without thinking, and a now aroused to the point of no return, she lifted her hips to meet her lover, sinking his fat cock further into her married pussy.
The building rhythm of their lovemaking interrupted only when Alec stopped momentarily to place a pillow underneath her for better access. Then he continued his assault on Susan's married pussy. He worked his cock all the way in and out of her, her pussy self-lubricated from her unbridled arousal.
Then he slammed the length of his meat deep inside her, hitting her in places that had not been touched by her husband. Susan surprised herself that she was able to take the entirety of his cock. Alec picked up the pace, fucking her with more intensity. The slap, slap, slap of his balls could be heard across the room keeping time with every thrust.
"Oh god Susan, your pussy feels so good - and you are so fucking tight!" he gasped in her ear.
The young man's words turned her on even more. Susan was barely aware that she, herself, was now meeting each thrust and moaning loudly and uncontrollably as the man's member slid in and out of her.
With a thirst for more, and to her shame, Susan instinctively thrust her hips upward with every stroke wanting to impale herself further upon her lover's manhood. For Susan, the feeling was incredible. Her pussy felt fuller than ever and she could even feel the veins of Alec's cock massage her womb. Her pussy was so wet it sloshed with each thrust.
She wrapped her legs around her lover and grabbed his ass pulling him into her as her lust overwhelmed her, giving herself up completely to the fucking. She was now intent on fucking him as much as he was fucking her.
"Ahh...ahhh...aaahhhhh!" Susan panted, almost wanting to say more. But Alec leaned in and kissed her, muffling her words and her moans with his tongue.
The sight and sounds turned Edward's cock into steel as he felt more alive and aroused than he had ever felt before. His cock again strained - the slightest touch would no doubt have resulted in yet another eruption.
With each withdrawal, he could see his wife's pink pussy being stretched and tugged and pulled out by the young man's shaft, his cock covered in a white froth of her own cream, before he plunged his member all the way back into her again and again. Edward's entire body was frozen, unable to move, as he watched this young, well-hung man fucking his wife balls-deep, her legs in the air and still wearing her heels, while screaming for more.
The young man flexed his ass and raised his body as he pumped his cock repeatedly into his wife's pussy. It was like the most erotic porn scene he ever saw...and his wife was the star! He did not want this night to end.
"This is so fucking hot; you are so fucking hot, sweetheart!" While still recording this tryst, Edward's words attempted to encourage his wife, but she was not listening.
And strangely, he didn't feel any sense of jealousy at all. His conservative wife looked so bawdy with a stranger's cock filling her mouth, and now seeing her fucked by another man, right there in front of him, so close he could hear the sounds of their lovemaking, made it even hotter. But more so, hearing the sounds of pleasure coming from her gave him the satisfaction he was looking for - for his wife to experience unbridled sexual satisfaction. He loved his wife even more.
Susan's mouth opened as she gasped for air. She could not stop her moans when each thrust filled her again and again. She stared up at her lover, her lids half-closed and her toes curled as her body tensed, her hands bracing against his chest for balance against her lover's forceful thrusts, as her entire purpose became centered on being the object of this man's desire. She was no longer concerned that her husband was watching; she was only focused upon her own sexual appetite, swamped by a tidal wave of ecstasy.
As her body became a subordinate to lust, her pussy tightened around the girth of this young man's cock. She felt a flood of arousal seeping out of her, the sounds of her love juices uncontrollably sloshing with each stroke in and out of her pussy.
Her breathing got even heavier as Alec started humping Susan faster and harder using long rhythmical strokes, coming almost completely out before plunging back into her depths. She had her eyes open now, grabbing Alec by the ass and thrusting her hips upward, pulling him further into her with each thrust, and now thoroughly enjoying the pounding she was receiving. Each thrust sending pulse after pulse of pleasure through her.
Susan felt sweat beading on her body as the fat cock filled her completely, stretching her married pussy. With Alec's cock touching her in places where she had never been touched before, she felt another orgasm working its way through her as she matched her lover's passion with her own upward thrusts. The room was filled with loud slapping sounds as their bodies came together over and over again.
He really was hitting every pleasure spot inside her. Susan normally liked to fuck slow and gentle, but there was something about the power and forcefulness that Alec was displaying, with his hard, thrusting cock, working piston-like into her pussy and his hands holding up her legs and grabbing her tits, that was really pushing her to places she never knew she could go.
Her mind and body were so overcome with such desire she was completely oblivious to her surroundings, not even caring her husband was watching her fuck another man as another orgasm pulsed through her causing her to moan loudly.
Alec continued to pound her as she started to completely lose control. Oh... my... God!!" she moaned as his shaft plunged in and out. She arched her hips upwards and he began to hit her G-spot. She looked up at him with an almost pained expression.
The look of panic shifted back to pleasure and then suddenly back to pain. With the look on her face, Alec briefly wondered if she was okay, but then he felt her pussy quiver and convulse upwards onto him, almost as if it were trying to devour his cock.
"Oh my God! Harder, HARDER! Yes, yes, yes, YES! Fuck my pussy HARDER! Oh my God! OH SHIT!! The normally reserved, conservative wife screamed words that even took her by surprise as she became lost in a fog of sexual bliss. She did not care if it was with a complete stranger; her body now welcomed the sexual transgression.
The young man took her words literally and slammed his cock into her as hard and as fast as he could. Susan cried out as he hit bottom again and again, again causing her toes to curl as she began to feel yet another orgasm building.
Edward sat in a delirious trance, his heightened arousal unmistakable, caused by his wife taking the pounding and the entirety of Alec's manhood. He had never seen her like this, never heard her like this. The room was filled with the sounds of sex, the slapping of his wife's and another man's bodies against each other. The emotions swirling through his body were overwhelming.
Susan's head thrashed from side to side.
"Oh...Ow...Ohhh...Owwww..."
Edward came closer as he became concerned that his wife may be hurting. "Honey, are you ok? Should we stop?"
"No - no - NO! Don't stop!" Susan screamed as her shallow breathing and crimson face bore the sign of her pleasure. She dug her nails into her lover's back as she rode every thrust.
"Oh...oh...oh god, oh god... I'm...I'm going to...cum! And with that Susan squealed with pleasure as her body convulsed, a powerful orgasm erupting from her loins. Alec thrust into her, his cock continuing to impale her over and over, as the convulsions from her pussy clenched his shaft. Susan convulsed and let out a deep, agonizing moan, her body exploding from deep within her core as she closed her eyes, riding the release, while her entire body quivered.
Nothing Edward had ever seen in porn even came close to the pure eroticism of the scene before him. He had never seen his wife in such a raw, sexual, state. It was incredibly sexy watching the woman he loved commit an act of primal lust. It is not something most men get to witness, and he loved it! But even more so, Edward felt a satisfaction from hearing the sounds of pleasure coming from his wife as he watched nature run its course.
Susan's intense reaction and the convulsions from her pussy triggered Alec's own journey to orgasm. She felt Alec's cock get even larger, if that was even possible. As she felt the large cock within her, she could not believe his cock could be so long and so hard as he fucked her wildly, like a jackhammer.
Edward watched in perverse awe as his wife's eyes rolled into the back of her head, her back arched, her body cumming yet again, over and over non-stop as orgasms rolled through her.
Susan became oblivious to her husband's presence nearby, focusing solely on who was fucking her. She was aware only of the cock driving into her and the multiple orgasms that her body was experiencing.
Alec's strokes become longer and harder. Susan could feel his cock swelling, his peak nearing as he now grunted with each stroke. Her pussy instinctively clamped down upon the man's cock plunging in and out of her.
Then it happened. Alec let out a loud grunt as he slammed completely into her, holding his invading rod deep within Susan's pussy. He grunted over and over while cumming, his face looking almost in pain. The intensity of the young man fucking her married pussy pushed Susan over the edge once again. She arched her back involuntarily and released a primal deep moan as her body convulsed yet again in reaction.
Susan felt every pulse, every twitch of the man's cock deep within her. The pulsing of his cock rippled through Susan adding further to her intense pleasure as shocks continued to shoot through her body. Her pussy stretched tightly around his member as if to milk each drop from him.
Alec moaned with satisfaction and started moving above her, slowing his fucking until his cock was completely drained and his own orgasm had subsided.
Edward had just witnessed the most erotic and sexiest thing he had ever seen. It surprised him how much it turned him on watching his wife not only fuck another man, but for his wife to give herself completely to her own mind-altering, and satisfying sexual experience, while discovering a sexual release she never knew she had.
Still trying to catch his breath, Alec withdrew from Susan and collapsed on the bed, his organ finally going limp but still lying large across his thigh. They were both exhausted, panting and sweating and trying to catch their breath after their feverous fucking.
He kissed her once again, and then looked over at Edward saying, "Thank you for sharing your beautiful, sexy wife!" as he got up and made his way into the bathroom.
Edward noticed his wife's pussy still gaping and some of her own juices dripping from her. The sight was intoxicatingly erotic. With her eyes closed and still breathing heavily, he could make out her pussy still quivering from the bombardment it had just received. The sight drove him wild with lust for his wife.
Susan made no attempt to hide her openly exposed pussy choosing instead to revel in post-coital satisfaction. She was still shivering and shaking as internal orgasms she had never experienced before continued to jolt through her. The cool air of the room upon her bare wet slit provided a sharp contrast to the heat and pulsing still emanating from within her core.
Then reality set in. Susan felt her face flush several shades of red. The betrayal to her marriage hit her, dwelling upon her shame and flushed with embarrassment as she let a stranger defile her. On top of that, her husband was a witness to her tryst! She looked at her husband with worried eyes and seemed embarrassed by what she had done.
"Oh Edward, what have I done? I am so sorry!" She screamed, burying her face into her hands in confusion. "I can't believe I did this. Please forgive me! Please don't hate me!"
As she came out of the orgasmic fog from her shameless and promiscuous act, her thoughts went to her husband. What she just went through was truly mind-blowingly amazing, but she felt shame and guilt once again. She knew her husband pushed her initially into this, but then her own sexual yearnings took over. There was no way he could have enjoyed himself as much as she just did.
Instead, she encountered the look of gratification and elation. Her husband actually seemed proud as he stared longingly at her naked body.
"Sweetheart, that was the hottest thing I have ever seen!! There is no way I can hate you! I can't explain it but watching you had me beyond excited! And seeing you enjoy it the way you did...well, words just can't explain!" Edward whispered excitedly as he crawled onto the bed next to his wife. "What happened tonight will not change our love for each other. In fact, I feel even closer to you now and I love you more than ever!"
He started kissing his wife starting at her feet and working his way up. Her skin was tacky, wet, and salty from sweat. "For this one time, you let yourself go to accept full sexual satisfaction. You were the naughty girl tonight - and I loved every second of it! And it was incredible that we shared this experience together!"
He reached her pussy, her lips puffy and with an aroma from the passion of the night. He slowly moved his tongue into and out of her pussy and to her clit. As he witnessed, it had been through a lot, and now he offered some gentle, tender loving.
Susan closed her eyes. His tongue felt so good on her pussy, soothing and arousing at the same time, the sensitivity heightened by her recent intense sexual satisfaction. Her body quivered as each flick of his tongue pushed her near yet another orgasm.
Then he crawled on top of her and kissed her lips. His kisses were long and sensual, gentle and tender. Edward looked deeply into his wife's eyes, his own fiery with desire.
Then he took his own cock, still hard and aching, lined it up and shoved it into Susan. Susan moaned loudly as her husband easily entered her juicy, open pussy, re-claiming her.
As he made love to his wife, Edward could not help but recount what just occurred. "You are so damned sexy. That was incredible, just an incredible experience. God, I love you so much!" Edward whispered as their bodies came together.
Alec quietly dressed, walked over to the door, and closed it behind him, leaving the couple to their own lovemaking.
Edward's thrusts were now more powerful, his cock clearly needing relief but at the same time wanting to re-claim his wife. Susan tilted her head back as she moaned in pleasure, her breasts swaying up and down, back and forth as her husband made love to her. It was a wilder lovemaking than they'd had in a while and it was all thanks to Alec.
Susan's feelings were so intense, perhaps heightened by the illicit yet permissible thrill. She felt relief and happiness. She felt a familiarity with their lovemaking, not just physically, but emotionally as well. She fought back tears, as her husband, her wonderful husband, who had just witnessed her in the throes of passion with another man, who had just watched her suck and fuck another man, was neither angry nor resentful. And now they were making love.
Then in what may have only been a minute, it was over. Edward's cock exploded into his wife sending whatever seed he had left deep within her. Thoroughly exhausted, mentally and physically, he collapsed next to his wife on the bed, trying to catch his breath.
He reached for her hand. They looked at each other in a loving, sexual trance blissfully locked together in body and mind. Intimate pleasure had never reached this level or felt this good for both of them. The emotions they shared were overwhelming - lust and passion, fulfillment and love. Societal norms could not compete with the erotic magnetism that had just taken place. This was a one-time experience that was incredible, for both of them.
For Susan, a night that initially started scary and with trepidation ultimately ended with a feeling of arousal, a feeling of intimacy, a feeling of enlightenment, and closeness to her husband she never knew she had.
Edward pulled his wife close and held her tight, softly kissing her forehead. She felt so close to him at that moment, even with no words spoken. They stayed like that for minutes, holding each other close, not moving and not thinking, just feeling their love for each other...with no regrets...
*****
This is likely the conclusion to our journey. From sunbathing topless, to flirting and teasing men in a bar, a once shy, reserved wife discovered her naughty side, culminating in the most sexually exciting and gratifying day of her life.
If you haven't read the lead-up to this journey, I encourage you to start from the beginning that describes the continued progression and enhancement of this amazing woman's sexual awakening.
Through open communication, our journey allowed us to explore our fantasies and abandon all societal sexual taboos. We continue to have a phenomenal connection and a loving marriage.