Please check my profile for ways to get in contact with me and stay updated on what's being written/published. Thank you for reading!
*****
Duncan
That next morning, Duncan awoke to two female voices talking quietly. He looked left and didn't see them, then looked around the room. They were sitting at the foot of the bed, talking quietly.
Kelly was naked, sitting there talking to Danielle and apparently having no qualms about the current state of her clothing. Danielle was wearing a thin t-shirt and a sexy pair of panties. The shirt was nothing special; something she'd probably stolen from her Dad or her ex-boyfriend, but the panties were nice, white cotton and seemed to accentuate the curves of her buttocks. They seemed to be normal enough, he supposed, but panties in general were sexy, especially on this particular young woman. The two women turned when they felt him moving.
"See, he's a mixed bag when it comes to how hard he sleeps," Kelly said. "Sometimes I can wake him up with a blowjob and he won't be coherent until I've already got him hard. Others, I can't even move towards his crotch and he's waking up, telling me no, and trying to go down on me instead."
Danielle listened, a curious smile on her face. She turned and looked at Duncan, a playfulness in her expression. He raised an eyebrow in response and she crossed her eyes, causing him to laugh.
He looked at the clock and groaned. It was getting late, and though he'd like to fool around with the young woman, he'd have to wait as there was just no time at present. Kelly giggled at him, sensing and seeing his chagrin at having to postpone play time.
She stood and then headed for the shower, not bothering to close the door.
Duncan stood and reached for Danielle's hand, pulling her to the bathroom door.
The young blonde glanced down at his cock for a moment, smiling, and then peered around the door frame as Kelly showered. She pulled Duncan up behind her and the two looked in on the gorgeous redhead as she showered and washed away the effects and remnants of last night's playtime.
His frame dwarfed the young woman, but she didn't shy from his affectionate touch. One of his hands slithered down to her stomach, pulling her tight against him, his cock nestling nicely between her buttocks. She giggled and reached back, gently touching his shaft for a moment before she turned back around.
His other hand moved around and up, cupping her small breast and squeezing for a moment. She made no move to stop him, and he began to gently roll a nipple between his fingers. He glanced down, tearing his eyes away from Kelly, and saw a smile on Danielle's face.
"What do you love about watching her?" he asked, his voice a whisper.
Danielle arched back, reaching upwards with an arm and wrapping it backwards around his neck, pulling him down.
"I love how sexy she is," she replied. "I love that the water running off her body only seems to make her even more so."
He smiled and nodded, and then stepped around her. She frowned playfully as he sighed and stepped over to the toilet. The blonde turned and giggled, coming up next to him.
"Morning evacuation?" she asked, smiling and looking down.
He raised an eyebrow and snickered. "Yeah, I have to piss."
She grinned and then playfully reached up, gingerly taking his semi-erect penis into her hand and then reaching down to lift the toilet seat up.
"I've always wanted to try this," she said, looking up at him tentatively.
He chuckled, returning her look with a shrug. "Be my guest," he said with grin.
She looked back down and aimed him towards the bowl. It was a little weird, but he really had to piss, so he let loose his stream of fluid. She scrunched up her nose for a second, drawing a laugh from him and then proceeded to aim it down into the bowl. Giggling, she moved him around in a big circle and then in a figure eight pattern before he finally stopped. Finally finished, he felt her let him go and then took himself into his own hands.
"You have to get the last little bit, or it stains your underwear," he instructed.
She giggled, looking down as he ran his fingers up from between his testicles, squeezing the tube upwards and forcing the rest of the urine from it.
She smirked and looked up at him. "I'll try and remember the next time I have to pee," she joked.
Kelly stepped out of the shower then, and Duncan slid in past her. Danielle disappeared to go and take her own shower while they got dressed.
As she put on what little makeup she wore, Kelly turned and glanced at Duncan as he hopped out of the shower.
"Did you enjoy yourself last night?" she asked.
Duncan smiled. "Of course!" he said. "Did you? I saw that you weren't able to control yourself with Zeke."
She giggled and nodded. "He was being so affectionate and sweet the entire night. While we were dancing, he told my how beautiful I was, and how much he loved seeing me demean his wife. He mentioned how lucky he and Amy were to have found us, and that their sex life had been so wonderful lately."
Duncan smiled. "I'm glad you guys finally were able to be together," he admitted. "I've nailed the guy's wife like four or five times now, it's only fair that he have a throw with mine."
She rolled her eyes at his crudeness, drawing a playful chuckle from him.
"During the dance, he was fingering me from behind," she admitted. Duncan looked at her curiously.
"He put it in your butt?" he asked.
She giggled and shook her head. "No, you big doofus," she said. "He grabbed my ass, pushed his fingers underneath and into my pussy from behind. It was easier to move around and still dance, though I'm sure anyone behind me would know what he was doing, and probably could see everything."
Duncan nodded in understanding. "I see," he said. "Did he just start going down on you out of the blue when we were driving?"
She nodded. "I mean... he was kissing my neck and playing with my breasts, telling me how gorgeous and perfect his Mistress was, then he just kind of pushed me back, lifted my hips up, and buried his face in me."
She shivered, closing her eyes as she thought back to the incident.
"I came really, really hard," she admitted, grinning over at him. She pulled out another stick of something and began to apply it.
"It seemed like it," he admitted. "It's fun to watch you have sex. It's like I can see myself in place of the guy you're with, kinda like watching a porno of my wife."
She giggled. "Well, if you consider that photo shoot video with Luc porn, then you can just watch that one."
He grinned, thinking back to the handsome Frenchman that had been so innocently intimate with his wife. He'd been turned on the entire time and had ended up taking her in the parking lot. It was a favorite memory of his to recall when he was driving home alone.
There was movement at the door, and the two turned to see Danielle. She was wearing a towel around her body and smiled as she leaned against the door frame.
"What's up?" Kelly asked, not stopping her makeup routine.
"So, I know that you guys said Amy can't wear panties when she's playing," Danielle started.
"Right," Kelly nodded.
"Well, I wanted to know what the rules were for me since I'm living with you and will basically be playing with you guys all the time," she said, then showed a look of chagrin. "I mean, I'll be able to be played with when you want to..."
Duncan chuckled. "We know what you mean, sweetheart."
Kelly turned and looked at Danielle and then Duncan. "What do you think, baby?" she asked. "Do we institute a rule that she can't wear panties at all?"
Duncan thought quietly for a few seconds, and then smiled. "I think that it'd be more fair to say that the general rule is no panties unless she has to, you know? I'm sure there are times that she'll need to wear them."
Kelly nodded. "Subject to change, of course," she said.
Turning, Duncan offered Danielle a wink as she stood there for a few more seconds and then turned to leave.
"So what did you and Amy and Danielle get up to on the dance floor?" Kelly asked.
Duncan smiled. "Amy was a little handsy, and Danielle asked me if I was going to take her home and fuck her."
Kelly raised an eyebrow and turned to glance him. "She said fuck?"
Duncan smiled and nodded. "She did." He chuckled. "I know... it surprised me too."
Kelly shrugged. "Well, I guess I expected her to say something like, "make love" for her first time."
"I told her that her first time should be special," he said, heading into the bedroom to get dressed.
"Oh," Kelly said, turning and peeking out from the bathroom at him, "about this weekend..."
He turned, pulling on his pair of boxers and waiting for her to finish her statement.
"I booked us a room so we don't have to stay at my parent's house," she said.
He nodded. "I'm fine with either," he said.
She scowled and shook her head. "I really don't want to hear my mother's bitching," she said. "What I'm more concerned with is who we take with us, you know?"
Duncan smiled. "Maybe we just go with just us two," he replied.
She frowned and then shook her head, drawing a chuckle from him. Walking back into the bathroom, she moved to finish putting her makeup on. A few minutes later, she emerged and got dressed.
"Not that I wouldn't relish some time alone with you, my love, but why not take someone fun with us that we can do terrible things to? We can ask Amy and Zeke to go, or we can see if Danielle wants to go, or even Kara," she said.
He nodded. "With Kara being so needy this week, maybe she'll benefit from the extra time with us?"
Kelly nodded. "I'll go to lunch with her and Danielle, and we'll call Amy."
Duncan nodded. "I'll leave it in your capable hands." He stepped over to where she was pulling on her clothes and pulled her up for a kiss.
"Love you," he said, glancing at his watch.
"Love you," she replied. She looked up as Danielle came back in, completely dressed
Duncan turned and smiled, pulling Danielle in close for a hug. "Hope you girls have a good day," he said. "I'll see you this evening."
"Bye," Danielle said sweetly, then yelped when he spanked her playfully on the ass as he walked past.
"Bye baby," Kelly called.
He got to work a little early, and Kara seemed to be running a little behind, so he went to his office and got busy. The day proved to be busy, and when she did finally arrive, they was no time for them to fool around, though she clearly wanted to.
He sighed. It was going to be a long day.
*****
Kelly
Danielle, Kelly, and Kara were all sitting in a small cafe for lunch and talking about the coming weekend.
"I'd love to go," Kara said. "I think it'll do some good to get away from everything," she said.
"I need to call Amy and see if she and Zeke want to go," Kelly said. She picked up her phone and shot off a text to Amy, asking if she had time to talk. Her phone rang a few seconds later.
"Hey there," Amy said.
"It's not a bad time, is it?" Kelly asked.
"Nah," she replied. "We're at lunch. What's up?"
Kelly explained what was going on and then asked if she and Zeke would be up for a fun weekend.
"Danielle and Kara are both going," Kelly said. "We've got a hotel room and I've already upgraded us to one with two beds."
"That sounds like a super-fun trip," Amy replied. "Aren't you forgetting something though?"
Kelly thought for a moment, wondering if there was something Amy had said they would have to do that weekend that Kelly had forgotten.
"You can just order us to go, you know," Amy said.
Kelly snickered. "This is more than just making you get on your knees though," she said. "I didn't know if you guys had to work or what."
Amy laughed on the other end of the phone. "I know, I'm playing," she explained. "I appreciate you checking to see if we're free."
Kelly snickered. "So that's a yes?" she asked.
"Unfortunately, we won't be able to. Zeke's got family coming in town to visit," she said.
"Well, shoot," Kelly said. "I'm sorry to hear that."
Amy laughed. "We actually like them, so it's a good thing."
Kelly laughed and then explained that she had meant that she was sad they wouldn't get to fool around that weekend. Amy said she understood. Firing off a text to Duncan, she told him that only Kara and Danielle would be joining them and was their expected departure time was.
"Isn't it rude to come to a wedding uninvited?" Danielle asked. "Who's getting married, by the way?"
Kelly snickered. "It's my only cousin," she said. "He won't give a damn if we bring extra. I've never met his fiancé, but I hear she's sweet."
Finishing up lunch, they headed back to their respective offices to finish up there, and then headed home, all of them meeting at Duncan and Kelly's.
They loaded all of the luggage in the back of Duncan's truck, and then got everyone in. Kelly and Kara sat in the back, and Danielle sat in the front with Duncan.
In the back seat, the two friends were quickly lost in conversation.
"He said you seemed down," Kelly said.
Kara nodded. "I promise to talk to you guys, but it's just not the right time right now. It's really not a big deal," she said. "I'm just being needy."
Kelly kissed her, brushing a hair from her face. "I'm always available if it's a need I can take care of," she said with a sly smile.
Kara snickered and kissed her back. "Don't get me started in the car or we'll never get there," she warned playfully.
The trip to San Antonio took only a few hours and it was surprisingly uneventful. Kelly figured everyone was saving up for a fun evening. The girls conversed about everything under the sun, and Duncan drove, only half listening.
They arrived at the hotel and checked in. Kelly had upgraded their room to the largest the hotel offered, with two king-size beds. After finishing up at the front desk, the four went upstairs and got situated.
"There's a rehearsal dinner tonight," Kelly said, after calling and speaking with her cousin, Stephen. "He said that we were all more than welcome to come and join the fun. He told me that my mom and my Aunt Rose were in rare form and it probably was going to be a not-so-fun evening. He said not to worry about coming to the rehearsal dinner and that he would see us tomorrow at the wedding."
Duncan smiled and pulled her in close for a hug and a kiss. "I'm sure we can find something to do."
She grinned.
The four of them took the elevator to their floor and found their room. It was large, had two queen-size beds, and would easily accommodate the four of them. They relaxed a little while, before Duncan announced that he needed a shower.
"Danielle," Kelly said. "Go help my husband."
Danielle grinned and said, "Yes, Ma'am."
Duncan chuckled and shook his head.
Turning, Kelly looked over at Kara as she lay back on her own bed. Standing, she slid over and lay down next to the younger redhead.
"I know what's bothering you," Kelly said.
Kara turned and looked at her, surprised. "You do?" she said, surprised.
Kelly nodded. "I do. You're thinking that you and I might actually be sisters. Either one of us was adopted, or one of our mother's stole us from the hospital."
Kara burst out laughing.
"Besides you fucking your sister's husband, you actually fucked your sister," Kelly said crudely, causing Kara to laugh louder.
Kelly snickered, glad that she could bring a smile to her face. Kara stopped laughing and reached over to pull Kelly closer.
"You aren't my sister," Kara said. "Even if you were, I don't think it would matter."
Kelly snickered. "Gross, Kara," she said in playfully monotone voice.
Kara sighed, mirth still on her face.
"Come on," Kelly said. "Let's get naked and get into bed and talk."
Smiling, Kara looked at her pointedly for a moment before grinning and standing up to undress.
A minute later, the two women were nude, giggling, and under the sheets. As she pulled her close, Kelly briefly kissed the other woman. Laying back, she propped her head up on her hand and began to idly caress Kara's soft, pale skin while she lay on her back.
"Just tell me what's going on," Kelly whispered, briefly leaning forwards and kissing the side of Kara's breast.
Another minute passed before Kara finally turned and looked at Kelly. "I think I should probably stop having sex with you and Duncan after this trip."
Frowning, Kelly took a strand of red hair and began to play with it. She felt Kara pulling gently at her nipple rings.
"Why on Earth would you want to stop?" Kelly asked.
Sighing, Kara looked at her and frowned. "I'm afraid to tell you," she confided.
Kelly smiled genuinely at her and leaned in, kissing her softly. "Sweetheart," she said. "Of our whole group of friends, I would rather be with you, and I know Duncan feels the same. I'm pretty confident that he's been with you more than any other girl, other than me of course. I doubt that's just because you are convenient either."
Kara sighed again. "That's not helping," she admitted.
"Just tell me the problem," Kelly replied.
Seeing that she was going to have to talk to her, Kara finally turned over and pushed Kelly onto her back, one leg sliding between Kelly's.
"I'm...," she started to say, clearly hesitant about admitting something. "I think I'm falling in love with you and Duncan," she said.
Kelly was actually surprised by that, and didn't quite know what to say.
"See?" Kara said, turning over. "I didn't want to say anything and now you're weirded out."
"No," Kelly said. "Turn over and come here," she whispered. "You just surprised me."
Kara, a tear in her eye, turned over and slid down on top of Kelly again.
"I know that you know that Duncan and I are never leaving each other," Kelly said, "So I know you aren't trying to steal my husband from me."
Kara smirked at the obvious statement.
"And, I know that Duncan deeply cares about you," Kelly said. "He's said several times how he's worried about you, and how he's noticed that you've wanted to make love at work more than normal."
Kara nodded again.
"Plus, we've been fooling around with each other," Kelly said. "For women, I'm sure you're very aware that having real sex is linked with being in love. I'm assuming you separate making love and fucking, of course."
Kara nodded. "I fuck men I don't care about," she replied. Kelly covered a laugh. "Well, that sounded coarser than I meant. I don't just go around fucking random men."
Kelly giggled, but assured her that she understood.
"It's just... I found myself thinking about you two. My parents are always asking me if I found a nice guy, and I kept thinking... "Yeah... I have," you know?" She frowned, frustration clear on her face and in her body language. "Of course, I had to choose the two people that are already married."
"So what's wrong with that?" Kelly asked. "No one ever said that it was a rule that you had to live a traditional life, and whatnot."
Kara raised an eyebrow and sat back.
Blushing a little, Kelly looked down at Kara's neck and played with her hair faster. "All I'm saying is that maybe you aren't the only one that's been having feelings like that."
Kara smiled then, genuinely.
"I'm not saying I love you," Kelly said, "But I definitely care about you more than... my mother would like." She grinned then and looked up.
Kara was smiling as she leaned in and kissed Kelly for real, two pairs of warm, soft lips embracing and caressing the other.
"We'll talk more," Kelly said. She looked towards the bathroom and the sounds of water running, Duncan talking, and Danielle giggling, and then looked back at Kara. "Would it be rude of us to go down on each other without inviting them?" she asked.
Kara thought playfully for a second before saying, "Fuck it!" and spinning around in the bed. She quickly pulled Kelly to her, and buried her face between her legs as she lay on her side, while Kelly did the same thing.
*****
Duncan
Shutting the door behind him, he looked over at Danielle and chuckled. She'd immediately begun to strip out of her clothes and do as Kelly had bade her. Clad only in a bra and panties, she turned and opened the shower door, turning on the water.
"Do you prefer it warm or cold?" she asked.
Duncan smiled. "Definitely warm," he said. He couldn't help but stare at her. She was thin, but not uncomfortably so. She definitely had the right amount of body fat to make her look soft, unlike thinner women. Her ass was pretty spectacular, and looked sexy in her white cotton panties.
She finished fiddling with the shower and turned, smiling and blushing as she saw that he'd been staring at her. Stepping up, she knelt and pulled off both of his socks, Duncan having kicked his shoes off outside.
Standing, she helped him out of his shirt, and then methodically began to undo his belt and pants. Finally, he felt her warm hands slide in and pull his underwear down, revealing his manhood bouncing to life.
She grinned and playfully thwapped it down, sending it bouncing back up. He smiled down at her and then stepped over into the shower. He turned, seeing her strip out of her panties and bra and smiled as she stepped in with him.
Reaching for the complimentary bodywash, she poured the soap into her hand and then reached up, soaping up his chest as she studied it, her hands warm against his skin.
"You've got the perfect amount of chest hair," she said, smiling up at him.
"Thanks," he said quietly. "My wife says the same thing."
Methodically, she began to wash him, apparently taking Kelly's order very seriously, and he briefly wondered how far she would take it.
She took her time, working the soap into a lather onto his chest, his arms and then legs, and then moving around to the back and repeating the process. Then, apparently not shy about it at all, she began to wash both of his buttocks before running a soapy had repeatedly down his crack and across his asshole.
Turning him around, she looked down at his immensity and then looked up at him, obviously having been looking forward to this part.
Sensing that it was a big step for her, he stood silently still while his erection, as hard as it could be, protruded out from his crotch.
Slowly, she reached out and wrapped a single hand around his cock, marveling at how large it looked in her hand.
"God," she said. "I mean... Conner was big, but no where near as impressive as you are," she said.
He smiled. "I've been blessed."
Still enamored of the organ in her hand, she slowly began to stroke, her hand moving achingly slow, up and down as she stared at it in wonder. Quietly, she stroked him for several minutes before she looked up and smiled.
"I'm sorry," she said, giggling. "I forgot I was supposed to be taking care of you." Leaning down, she brought her face very close to the tip of his cock, pausing to stare at it.
With impeccable timing, there was a knock on the room door, and Duncan looked at Danielle with a raised eyebrow. He stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel tightly around his waist. He glanced over and saw Kelly and Kara under the covers, both peeking out at him, obviously naked.
He chuckled and shook a finger admonishingly at them. Turning, he went to the door and opened it.
It was the hotel cleaning service. He explained that they just checked in and they went on their way. Shutting the door after tossing the do not disturb sign on the handle, he turned and stepped into the main room. Danielle followed, having turned off the shower.
Smirking, he came over and pulled Kelly's blankets off of the two, revealing their complete nudeness.
Chuckling, he shook his head as the two redheads giggled and pulled the covers back over themselves.
"Did you take care of him like I told you?" Kelly asked.
Danielle nodded. "I washed every inch of him and was about to give him a blowjob when we were interrupted."
"Ooo!" Kelly said with a grin. "Why don't you finish that and Kara and I can watch!"
Danielle smiled but blushed. "Yes, Mistress," she said. She stepped past Duncan and led him to Kara and Kelly's bed, turning him around and sitting him down on the bed. Grinning, the two redhead's pulled him further back onto the bed to where they could get on either side of him and watch. Kara tossed a pillow to Danielle and then pointed to the floor, indicating she should kneel on it.
The young blonde smiled, but was clearly a little nervous. Duncan relaxed and leaned back against Kelly's thighs as she propped him up.
"Now, Kitten," Kelly said. "Kara is going to help you learn how to give a world-class blowjob."
Grinning, Kara winked at Kelly and then nodded at Danielle, who appeared to be less nervous already.
"One of the best things about giving a blowjob, is the feeling of this powerful... muscular... intimidating man... being totally vulnerable, and willing to do whatever you want while you have his dick in your mouth," she said.
Danielle grinned.
"When you do it good enough, you can get them to do whatever you want," she added. "First, obviously don't use your teeth. Just keep your lips between them and his flesh. Start by kissing the tip." She looked down at the blonde and waited.
Danielle took a deep breath and suppressed her smile, then slowly leaned forwards and pressed her lips to the tip of Duncan's cock, kissing it tenderly. She looked up then, glancing at Kara for approval.
Kara nodded. "Keep kissing it," she said.
Danielle pursed her lips and kissed it again, giggling as it bounced. She reached up and took a hold of the shaft, pulling it back to where it had been, and pressed her warm lips to it again, and then again.
She made a slightly surprised sound and then sat back a bit, looking at Duncan's cock, and then back at Kara. Clear ooze was leaking from the tip.
"That's just harmless lubricant," Kara said. "It tastes a little different, but it won't hurt you. Just spread it over his cock with your hand or your mouth."
Danielle nodded and ran her palm over the tip, spreading the ooze across it and then around his shaft. Duncan sighed in pleasure and grinned down at her.
"Okay, so now when you kiss it again, just sort of... blossom your lips over the tip and take it in your mouth."
Nodding, Danielle did as she was told, leaning forwards and pressing her lips to Duncan's cock head again. He groaned in pleasure as she did so, and then again as she forced her lips down, the tip of his cock slowly sliding in and pushing them apart.
Danielle moaned softly, looking up at Kara and then Kelly, Duncan's cock-head in the warmth of her mouth. Rolling her eyes in pleasure, she slowly began to bob back and forth on him.
Kara continued to whisper commands to her and Danielle followed them perfectly.
"I only gave like... three blowjobs to Conner," Danielle admitted. "I'm glad you're helping me."
Kara smiled. "It's my pleasure," she said. She nodded down at the cock. "Don't worry about trying to get too deep with Duncan," Kara said. "It takes practice and he's definitely not easy to take, especially in that position."
Danielle nodded her understanding and then looked up. "How deep can you take him?" she asked.
Kelly giggled and glanced knowingly at Kara.
"Pretty far," she said, smiling. Kelly moved her legs and Duncan laid back, his grin widening. Moving to where she could lay on top of him, she moved her thigh over his chest and then lifted up as he slid further on the bed so she didn't feel like she was about to topple off the edge. They shifted around a little more, and then finally, she took his cock in her hand and kissed the tip, winking at Danielle.
"Do I need to clean the saliva off that I got on it?" Danielle asked.
Kara giggled and shook her head, sliding Duncan's cock into her mouth. He groaned and reached down, moving his hand to the back of her head.
"See, she's applying a lot of suction," Kelly said. "You really can't suck hard enough, I've come to find."
Danielle nodded, watching intently.
Kara pulled out briefly and then looked up at Danielle to make sure she was watching.
"Relax your throat, and inhale when you take him deep, then hold your breath while he's in," she explained. "Oh, fuck... Duncan," she groaned, glancing back. He'd begun to lick her pussy since she'd put it in his face.
Danielle nodded again, covering a giggle.
Pursing her lips, Kara kissed the head again, then slid them across the mushroom until they were around it. Slowly, she slid downwards and didn't stop until she had to, then she took a breath and inhaled, and she started to slide lower until he was completely inside of her mouth and throat, groaning in pleasure.
"Wow," Danielle said. "That's... impossible."
Kara pulled up swiftly and then back down again in one motion. Repeating the process, she took his cock completely several times and then stopped, looking up at Danielle.
"She's good," Danielle said. Grinning, Kara winked and sat up on Duncan's face. His arms wrapped around her hips and she leaned forwards, putting her hands down on the bed as Danielle leaned forwards and kissed the gooey tip of Duncan's cock.
"Good girl," Kelly said. "Try and take him as deep as you can," she said.
Nodding, the blonde slid his cock-head into her mouth and then went lower, achieving about a third of his cock.
He groaned and reached down, gently caressing the back of her head, but forcing her to stay in place for longer than she was prepared for. She whimpered briefly and he released her, letting her extricate his length.
Gasping in pleasure, she sat up and looked over at Kelly. Grinning, Kelly nodded and gestured to his cock. "Go ahead and finish him off. He's got plenty of staying power," she said.
Duncan groaned, and resumed slurping at Kara's pussy, the redhead gyrating and undulating on top of him.
Danielle leaned forwards again as Kelly watched her put all of her newly acquired skills to use. She briefly sucked one of Duncan's balls into her mouth while she was stroking his slick erection with one hand, and then moved to the other before going back to sucking him. Kelly placed Danielle's hand directly in front of her lips and showed her how to stroke in time with her sucks, causing Duncan to groan from underneath Kara's thighs.
"He's getting close," Kelly said, smiling. "Do you want to swallow him, or do you want me to?" she asked.
Danielle thought for a second, still stroking, and then grinned. "I'll do it," she said. Leaning forwards, she took him in again and began to stroke-suck. Building up a rhythm, she continued the process until he groaned and called out from beneath Kara's thighs.
Kelly saw Danielle's eyes go briefly wide and watched a stream of cum slip from the corner of her mouth.
Giggling, she broke her lip hold, her mouth full of cum, and then cried out in surprise as another stream of cum hit her in the face. She quickly swallowed and locked her lips around the tip as his cock spasmed. Kelly giggled as Danielle looked at her with one eye. The young woman giggled and swallowed as Duncan continued to groan and cum into her mouth.
Finally, he stopped cumming and she sat back, still giggling. Kara was still gyrating on his face and breathing heavily, her orgasm finally coming to fruition. After a powerful orgasm, the redhead slid off the bed and came over to Danielle.
"Good job," she said, pulling her face up and kissing her cummy lips. Danielle grinned and kissed her again, then looked at Kara in surprise as she licked the side of her face, and ran her fingers down the stream of cum that had missed the mark. Sucking the finger into her mouth, she swallowed and smiled at her.
"So, how was it?" Kara asked.
Danielle smiled widely, smacking her lips for a second and running her tongue along them before answering. "I really enjoyed it," she said. "Thanks for teaching me."
Kara smiled and nodded. "You're welcome."
Duncan, still recovering from his orgasm, flopped backwards onto the bed. Kelly rolled her eyes as Danielle looked up at her and smiled, shrugging.
Danielle stood and headed to the bathroom to clean herself up, as did Kara. After a short nap, Duncan got back up and started getting dressed.
"Alright ladies," he said. "Time to get up and do things."
Kelly looked over at him, curious as to what he wanted to go and do.
"If y'all get up now and get dressed, I'll take you ladies shopping to wherever you want to go. I'll pay for everything, and... I won't complain once."
All three ladies grinned and stood immediately.
True to his word, Duncan took them practically all over the city. They hit dozens of stores and even a lingerie shop.
Duncan watched and gave his opinion when it was asked for. By dinner time, the three ladies had several new bags each and wide smiles on their faces. Duncan was pleased with himself, too, but didn't flaunt it.
That night, he told them all to get dressed, that he was taking them to dinner. Kara and Danielle both got dressed in something new, as did Kelly, except she added something she'd purchased online that had arrived before they left.
Driving to a steak house, he got the four of them a table in the corner. Grinning, Kelly reached into the clutch she was carrying and handed him the remote control.
He looked at it, and then her. She winked, causing him to grin. He flipped it on and the small vibrator in her panties started buzzing against her clit.
She gasped and clutched at the table.
Grinning, he turned it down to a slow pulse.
"Ohh," she whispered. "That's nice."
He chuckled as he watched her, then slid the device into Kara's hand.
Kelly whimpered as she saw that her wild friend had control of the vibrator. She scowled at her husband and shook her head at him, but then groaned as Kara kicked the vibration up a notch.
As the waiter came over, Kara took great pleasure in making Kelly unable to speak. The waiter quickly figured out what was going on, and laughed, eventually having Kelly point to the item on the menu she wanted. When he asked her what sides she wanted, Duncan took over.
During dinner, he had Kara turn the vibrator down to low for most of the meal, only turning it on when Kelly took a drink and made her cough or spray the drink a little.
After dinner, they headed back to the hotel where the girls decided to all hop in the shower together.
Duncan let them be for all of thirty seconds before he stripped down and went into the bathroom to watch. The shower wasn't all that large though, and he knew just by looking that he wouldn't fit with the other three in there.
The two redheads and the young blonde between them were talking and giggling, but he could still make out what they were saying.
"I'm sure Kara or I can teach you," Kelly said.
"You just basically have to do to us what you'd like to have done to yourself," Kara added. "Did Conner ever go down on you?"
Danielle must have shaken her head no, because Duncan never heard a response.
"That's a shame," Kara replied. "Duncan is better than most guys I've had go down on me. You can't go wrong there," she said.
Duncan smiled, knowing that Kara wouldn't say that lightly. He'd hoped that he was decent at eating pussy, but you can't really trust words spoken in the heat of passion.
Standing up off the counter, he walked over to the shower and opened the door.
All three women turned and looked at him in surprise. Kelly had been fondling Danielle's breasts, who was in the middle of the two and playing with Kara's breasts. Kara's hands were resting easily on Danielle's hips.
"I just didn't want to miss the show," Duncan said, smiling.
Kelly shook a finger at him admonishingly and shooed him away. "Go lay on the bed and close your eyes," she said.
"Keep that cock hard," Kara yelled. "I plan on using it."
He chuckled and turned, doing as he was told and heading out to the bedroom. Flopping down on the bed, he closed his eyes and relaxed. Thirty or so minutes later, he was just starting to doze off when he heard giggling and the bathroom door open and then close. The girls had hopped out of the shower earlier, but had spent the next twenty or so minutes drying their hair. He sighed, wondering what the night had in store for them.
*****
Kelly
Kelly slid up behind Danielle and wrapped an arm around her, pulling the nude young woman against her. She felt Danielle conform to her own feminine form, and smiled, kissing her neck. Danielle had put on a nightgown when she got out of the shower, but Kelly was keen to remove it again.
Kara was kneeling over Duncan's bed, her hand stroking his cock up and down. She climbed on top of the bed and then straddled his face, facing away from his crotch. As she settled into place, Kelly saw her grab a handful of Duncan's hair and pull his face upwards, groaning as he started to lick and suck.
"If you think you're ready to make love for the first time, I can pull Kara off of him," she said.
"I'm ready," Danielle said, "but I think it'll be better after the wedding tomorrow."
Kelly nodded, smiling. "Are you sure you still want it to be with Duncan?"
Danielle nodded quickly. "If that's still okay," she said. "I can't imagine anyone I'd like it to be more with. I just think he'll be so gentle and kind with me, you know."
Nodding, Kelly turned her around and nodded over at their bed. "Well, you've got my blessing, gorgeous." Running a single finger across the string of her nightgown, Kelly slipped it off Danielle's shoulder. Leaning down, she kissed her neck gently, warm lips pressing against warmer skin. The young blonde sighed happily, laying her head back against Kelly. Running her hands up from Danielle's hips, she brought them up and cupped the bottom curve of her breasts, squeezing gently. Sliding first one, and then the other in from the side, she cupped both breasts fully and squeezed, causing Danielle to moan in pleasure. Turning her around, Kelly kissed her on the lips and slid the other strap off, letting the garment fall. She smiled and looked up at her.
"I'm going to teach you how to go down on another woman," she said.
Danielle grinned widely, but then bit her lip nervously, sliding back as Kelly pointed towards the head of the bed.
"Take off your underwear first," Kelly said.
"Yes, Mistress," Danielle answered, smiling nervously.
Seeing how much she was shaking, Kelly slid up with her and kissed her again, looking deep into her blue eyes. "We can just lay here if you're too nervous," she said.
Danielle shook her head. "It's been something I've been wanting to do for a while," she said.
Kelly smiled. "Just let me know if you aren't okay," she said.
Slowly, Kelly began to kiss down Danielle's body, starting from her neckline and moving inch by inch lower. Goosebumps pricked up on her body as Kelly gently kissed, working her way down until she got to her breasts.
Smiling and looking up at her, she drew Danielle's nipple into her mouth, causing her to arch her back and moan.
"Sensitive nipples?" Kelly asked.
Danielle nodded. "I've had an orgasm just by Conner playing with them."
Smiling, Kelly sucked on a nipple again, not looking away from Danielle's eyes. The blue orbs rolled back briefly before focusing on her again, and Kelly began to kiss around the edge of her areola and to the cleavage in between her breasts.
Switching sides, she kissed her other breast slowly and methodically, drawing more whimpers, gasps and moans from the young woman. Then, still watching her, Kelly began to move lower and lower, albeit excruciatingly slowly.
Kelly knew that Danielle's mind was racing just then, thinking about how it would feel to have her tongue on her pussy, wondering why she was going so slowly and wanting her to speed up. Kelly was going to take her time though.
Pressing her warm lips down, she kissed each individual rib on both sides, and then across her belly button and to her waist. Danielle was practically quivering when Kelly slid even further down her body, kissing her thighs. She lifted the young woman's leg up and kissed the underside, then laid it back down and repeated the move on the other leg.
Still watching her, she moved slowly towards Danielle's crotch, the blonde's eyes watching her intently. Ever-so-slowly, Kelly kissed the inside of her thigh, moving up and around her neatly trimmed pussy.
"Are you ready?" Kelly asked finally, looking up. Danielle nodded quickly, both hands gripping the sheets.
Smiling, Kelly winked at her and planted a single kiss on her slit, drawing a low moan of approval from Danielle. Then, sliding her tongue out as the blonde watched, Kelly slid it slowly up her slit.
Danielle quivered in pleasure, her body relaxing immediately as Kelly licked up her pussy again. Smiling, she closed her eyes and lay back as Kelly slowly started to lick.
Running both hands under her rear, Kelly lifted up and started to noisily lick faster. Danielle's hips started to move as Kelly drove her tongue repeatedly up and down her slit. Groaning, the young blonde opened her eyes and looked down, almost begging for Kelly to not stop what she was doing.
"Oh... fuck... please..." she gasped, clutching at the bed, seemingly helpless to control or affect what Kelly was doing to her pussy.
She liked to think that she was really good at going down on another woman, but Danielle was hardly one to be able to offer any kind of informed opinion. Still, the way her hips were gyrating and her vocalizations were sexy, and Kelly felt herself get wet.
Lifting her by her adorable buttocks, Kelly sucked Danielle's engorged clit into her mouth and tongued it a few times.
"Oh my God," Danielle said, her eyes going wide.
Kelly giggled and did it again, then kept it in her mouth and applied gentle pressure.
Finally reaching her apex, Danielle's whimpers of approval grew louder. Crying out a final time, her body went rigid and her eyes glazed over. Her face going red and her body twisting as her muscles contracted, the odd look on her face only got worse as her mouth was forced open.
With a great cry of pleasure, her body relaxed and her chest heaved. Kelly slowed her licking and slid up the blonde's body as she recovered, clutching at the redhead as she began to kiss her neck and breasts.
Silent for a few minutes as Danielle recovered, Kelly affectionately caressed her soft skin.
"So how did you like it?" Kelly asked.
Danielle shivered, an aftershock of her orgasm, and smiled. "Best orgasm I've ever had," she said, shaking in the aftershock.
Kelly giggled and propped her head up on her hand, idly stroking her pet as she recovered. Another few minutes and a few more aftershocks later, Danielle slid out from under Kelly and on top of her.
"I want to give it a try," she said. "Would that be okay, Mistress?"
Kelly giggled. She'd forgotten all about the master/slave thing. "Of course!" she said. "Do you just want to try and figure it out, or would you like instructions?" Kelly asked.
Danielle thought for a second but then lowered her head and started kissing Kelly. "I think I can figure it out," she murmured between kisses.
*****
Duncan
He was just starting to doze off when he heard the girls laughing and giggling. Movement near his bed caught his attention and he opened his eyes just as Kara lifted her leg and dropped it on the other side of his head.
Grinning, he wrapped an arm around her thigh as she dropped her pussy directly onto his lips. She was already wet, biting her lip as she looked down at him with her gorgeous blue eyes.
Smiling, she reached down and grabbed a handful of his hair, pulling his face up and wedging her cunt down on his jaw. Her eyes fluttered closed and she smiled wider, gyrating on his face.
Fighting to keep licking, he pushed her up slightly as she braced herself on the wall. Duncan's tongue licked up her slit, and then found her clitoris and nudged against it a few times. He could taste her wetness, oozing from her and onto his tongue and into his mouth. She was soaked, coating his face and beard as she whimpered and moaned on top of him.
"Fuck," she whispered. "I love the way you lick my pussy."
He smiled and winked at her, unable to respond otherwise. He continued what he was doing, slowly stroking her clitoris with his tongue, pulling on her hips to indicate that he wanted her there to quiet any rogue thoughts in her head about him not enjoying what she'd decided to do.
She groaned, obviously getting close and started to lift herself off, he shook his head with an, "Unh uh," and pulled her back to his face, his tongue sliding against her clit again.
"Oh, dammit," she groaned, her face contorting into a tortured smile as he forced the orgasm out of her. "Fuck you..." she said through gritted teeth. She reached down and grabbed a handful of his hair again and pulled him tight against her pussy. "Fuck... fuck... fuck..." she cried, her stomach muscles tightening and relaxing, over and over, as she orgasmed.
He didn't relent, slowly stroking and pulsing against her clit as she came, still doing so as she came down off of the orgasm. Still, he kept stroking, holding her in place as her chest heaved and she weakly let go of his hair.
"Fuck, you're good at that, baby," she whispered, finally sliding off of his face as he loosened his grip.
He smiled as she came down to start kissing him and his neck. There was a futile attempt to get his beard dry with an arm, so she reached for a stray towel that had been tossed down and helped him dab it clean.
Wrapping an arm around her waist, he spun her around and back into bed, sliding underneath the covers and quickly between her legs.
"Let's see how many more we can squeeze out of that delicious little pussy," he said, kissing her.
"Fuck," she whimpered, looking playfully scared.
He chuckled and gently slid his cock forwards, but it missed and moved upwards across her clit.
"Fucker," she said. "Don't tease me."
Smiling, he thrust again but it repeated the move. Whimpering in frustration, she slapped him on the shoulder and wrapped both arms around his neck for a moment.
"Please, honey," she begged.
He chuckled. "I'm trying," he said, honestly. The third time was a charm. He lifted backwards, further than he had before and let his cock drop down a bit. Thrusting, he felt her lips being parted around the tip of his cock as he slid in.
Groaning in pleasure, she kissed him briefly as he slowly began to thrust. "That's it," she said with a wide smile as his cock slid deeply into her. He waited a few seconds for every inch that slid in, allowing her pussy to accommodate his larger-than-normal girth.
Leaning down, he gently sucked at her breast, drawing a sigh of pleasure as she spread her legs further for him.
He sensed how much she wanted him then, and it was a definite turn on. She clutched at him every time he thrust into her, kissing his neck and pulling his back to her, stroking his head when he licked her nipples.
His cock plowed its way completely into her again and then back out, pulling her pussy as it went. She groaned in pleasure, her hands sliding to his ass and pulling in time with his thrusts. Sensing that she wanted him to go harder, he did so once, thrust down forcefully into her.
"Fuck," she said, groaning in pleasure. "Again," she pleaded.
He thrust hard into her several times as she whimpered, swore, begged, and pleaded with him. "Fuck... please... baby..." she groaned.
He smiled and reached down with one hand, steadying himself with the other, and lifted her hips easily.
"Jesus, I love how you fuck me, baby," she whispered.
Thrusting down into her roughly, he built up a steady rhythm, prepared for a long session of pounding into her, but she began to orgasm then and put a hand on his chest, stopping him as his cock was buried within her. He felt her cunt squeezing hard down on him, her eyes glazed over and her mouth slightly open. Rippling muscles contracted down on him, almost painfully and he had to concentrate to stave off his own orgasm. Finally he saw her relax a little and smiled, kissing her as she clutched at him.
Slowly, he started thrusting into her again. Glancing over at the other bed, he saw his wife's red hair between Danielle's legs and smiled. Still recovering from her own orgasm, Kara glanced over and smiled, then turned and kissed him again.
"Your turn," she whispered. "I want you to cum in my pussy."
He chuckled and shook his head. "I want another couple of orgasms out of you," he said quietly, not wanting to disturb the other two women.
She whimpered, but let herself be moved and lifted on top of him as he turned over.
"There," he said. "Now you can grind a few out at your own speed," he said with a smile.
She smirked at him, but started to gyrate her hips against him. There was something about a woman being in control that was different for him. They definitely couldn't thrust the same as a man. It almost seemed awkward for those that he'd been with. Kara was no different, gyrating on him and bouncing at her own pace.
He lay in bed and watched Danielle cum, watched Kelly slide up her body and lay with the younger woman for a few minutes, and then saw Danielle start to slide between Kelly's legs.
Kara's pussy contracted down on him again as he watched Danielle kiss down Kelly's body. She moved quickly, it seemed, eager to get down to the prize between her lover's legs. He reached up and squeezed Kara's breasts, looking back as she came down off of her orgasm. She started to slide off, but Duncan shook his head and back went to gyrating her hips for her with his hands.
She whimpered, but grinned. "Are you sure?" she asked.
He smiled. "Baby, I want tonight to be about you," he said.
She giggled and leaned down to kiss him. "I love how you take care of me," she said.
He smiled. "I love taking care of you," he replied, grinning.
Slowly, she lifted back up, playing with her nipples and gently pinching them as she started to slide up and down his shaft again.
He looked over and saw Danielle kissing around Kelly's thighs, and then saw her look up and smile at his wife.
Both he and Kara watched as Danielle took her first lick of a woman's pussy, and then started soundly devouring it.
Smiling, she turned back and continued sliding up and down his thick cock. Her pussy felt like it was built to conform perfectly to his erection, and he absolutely loved the little whimpers and sighs that she made. She looked adorable as her face contorted from pleasure, to what looked like concern and then possibly pain, and then back to pleasure.
Turning, he watched as Danielle methodically slid her tongue up Kelly's pussy, but seemed not to know what to do with her hands. He smiled and then looked back at Kara as she ran a hand up in her hair and pulled it off her neck, never losing time with her thrusting bounces.
"I love fucking you," she whispered.
He smiled, still gripping her hips and glanced from Kara over to his wife and Danielle a few times. He felt Kara start to whimper, building up to another orgasm, and reached up, clutching at her and pulling her down to his chest. The movement lifted her hips off of him enough for him to thrust upwards, which he started doing.
She sighed in pleasure as he started thrusting up into her, almost punishing her pussy. It started to contract on him, harder than before as she came, whimpering weakly into his shoulder.
Finally, she collapsed completely down onto him. He immediately slid out from under her and moved her back to her stomach. She whimpered weakly as he slid down on top of her.
Chuckling, he straddled her legs and maneuvered his cock between her thighs, sliding forwards gently. Easily finding her pussy as she arched her butt upwards, he slid in and felt her groan into the pillow, obviously loving this position.
He felt her squeeze her thighs and felt her pussy tighten around him as he began to thrust, pulling on her hips and powering down into her.
Glancing to his right, he saw Danielle still between Kelly's legs. Kelly looked like she was cumming. He watched for a few seconds and then pushed into Kara again, building up a rhythm as her pussy gripped his cock.
The position he had put himself in was feeling great, and he felt his orgasm building. Still, he wanted to make Kara cum at least once more, so he pulled her to her knees, her shoulders still on the bed. She giggled and glanced back as he started thrusting into her.
"Oh fuck," she said, suddenly reenergized as he started to fuck her doggy-style. She tossed her hair over her shoulder and grinned back at him as his cock slid deeply in and out of her. Glancing over again, he saw Kelly and Danielle gently kissing as they cuddled. The two women turned and snuggled up against each other, Kelly holding Danielle as they watched him fucking Kara. Smiling and mouthing the words, "I love you," to her, he winked at Kelly. She replied the same and grinned, blowing him a kiss.
Looking down, he admired the womanly curve of Kara's hips, and gripped them roughly, sliding hard against them and plunging his cock deep.
She whimpered and yelped as he thrust, a prisoner to his whims as he fucked her. Again and again he thrust his thick cock into her tight pussy as she began to whimper in a familiar manner. Feeling her pussy convulse on him yet again, he heard her orgasm and felt his own cresting.
Crying out and thrusting hard a few more times, he felt his cock-head expand and pump a stream of warm cum into her hungry cunt. Kara yelped, "Yes," again and again as he came, reaching back and clutching at his arm, the first thing she could reach. His body jerking as stream after stream of warm spunk shot from his cock and into her pussy, causing her to yelp and moan in pleasure.
Finally, the two collapsed in bed. Kelly took it upon herself to go and get a few hand towels and brought them over, even going so far as to help Kara to the bathroom.
Quietly, she leaned down and kissed him, whispering, "I love you," and then proceeded to towel off his sticky cock.
Duncan was snoring soon after, Kara sliding into bed next to him and conforming to his body. He awoke sometime during the night and heard the gentle moans and licking and sucking sounds of Kelly and Danielle going at it again. He couldn't see who was doing what to whom in the darkness, so he snuggled back up to Kara and fell asleep.
Early the next morning, he awoke to a familiar sensation and blearily opened his eyes. He looked over and saw Kelly hold a finger up to her lips as he looked down. Looking at his own crotch, he saw Danielle's blue eyes and blonde hair between his legs. She had his cock out and in her mouth, working it to get him more erect. She looked up and winked.
Kelly giggled quietly and pried Kara's legs apart, who awoke just as Kelly's tongue split her pussy. Moaning, she smiled and looked down, then over at Duncan and Danielle, who was having success in her efforts to get him hard.
Slowly lowering her mouth over the tip, she slid him into her mouth and then deeper, her lips gliding and the shaft.
"I could get used to this," Kara whispered, relaxing into the bed, content.
Kelly was licking methodically, her tongue sliding gently into Kara's pussy and upwards, along her clit. Changing tactics, she sucked the entire nub into her mouth as Duncan watched.
Glancing back, he watched Danielle start to stroke up and down on his cock while she clamped her mouth around the head.
"You might be more insatiable than Kara," he said, grinning down at her.
She smirked and stroked his cock some more, pushing it as far into her mouth as it would go in the current position.
"I really love doing that," she said, popping him out of her mouth but not stopping her stroking. "And for your information, Master, girls can get just as horny as guys."
Duncan chuckled, knowing that was blatantly wrong, but he didn't disagree with her verbally. Grinning, he shook his head and pulled her up onto him by her shoulders.
"Normally, I'd pulled you up here and shove my cock in you," he said. "At least that's what I do to Kelly."
Beside him, Kara was moaning in pleasure, a handful of his wife's hair in her hands.
Danielle snickered as he positioned his cock between her legs. The tip brushed against her opening briefly, before he forced her hips down and it slid between the two of them. She sighed, as he felt her pussy slide down his shaft.
"I'm so excited that you'll be my first," she whispered.
He smiled. "I'm just as excited about it," he said. "I just want you to be sure."
She giggled. "I'm positive, Duncan," she said. "I've wanted to fuck you ever since that first party we went to."
He chuckled, pulling her in for a kiss. Beside them, Kara was cumming against Kelly's face. Gently thrusting against Danielle's hips, he drove his cock against her pussy, sliding it upwards. She whimpered softly into his mouth as she kissed him.
"God, I want you to fuck me so bad," she said.
He smiled. "Patience, beautiful," he whispered, driving his cock upwards again.
She whimpered, but whispered, "Yes, Master," into his ear, forcing him to smile.
As Kara came down from her orgasm, she sat up and pulled Kelly into a deep, passionate kiss.
"It's so weird seeing you two kissing," Danielle said. "It looks like you're sisters," she added.
Kelly and Kara both giggled and turned. "I don't know that I'd be able to resist her if we suddenly found out that we were sisters."
Danielle made a face and said, "Ewww."
Both redheads giggled.
"Shower time," Duncan said, sliding out of bed. Kelly slid out of Kara's grasp and came over to him.
"Want some company?" she asked.
He smiled and shrugged, "Sure."
She grinned and led him to the bathroom, turning on the water and slipping in.
"Having fun?" he asked.
She nodded. "You?" she asked.
He smiled. "Let's see, I've gotten a blowjob from a young blonde, had sex with my wife's doppelganger, and gotten another blowjob from the blonde. Yeah," he said, pretending to concentrate for a moment, "I think I'm having a pretty good time."
Kelly snickered and started to wash herself, letting Duncan aid her by washing her back.
"You ready to see your mom today?" he asked.
"Ugh," Kelly said. "No."
He smirked. "I'm sorry hun," he whispered.
"It's fine," she replied. "I'm just... not looking forward to the judgmental stares. She stopped lecturing me a long time ago, now she just looks at me disapprovingly."
He nodded. "You think she knows about the website?"
Kelly was silent for a minute, and he began to wonder if she'd heard him, but then she shrugged and shook her head. "I don't care. There was a time that I would have," she said. "I just don't give a damn what she thinks."
Duncan turned her around, his still erect cock brushing against her leg. She looked down and thwapped it once, smirking at him.
"I'm proud of you," he said. "I love that you're putting yourself out there like that. You're stunning, and I'm a lucky son of a bitch to be married to you."
She smiled and pulled him down for a tender kiss. Giggling, she pulled his hands down to her thighs, and jumped into his arms.
He grunted briefly from the effort, knowing immediately what she was doing. Sliding her into position, he gently pushed the head of his cock, still an angry iron tower, against her soft, wet pussy.
She lowered her forehead to his shoulder as he slid in, sighing happily. "I remember the first time you and I had sex," she said.
He nodded. "Me too."
She sat back, her hands locked around his neck, her pussy grinding slowly down his cock as her mouth hung open with the effort. "Fuck," she said. He sensed a resistance as she slid down. It wasn't her trying not to fuck him, it was more of her having to force his cock inside of her, or that the position they were in was clamping her pussy tighter around his massive cock, and even though she was wet and coating his cock with her fluids. The feeling was intense.
He smirked at her foul language. "Your mother would scold you for that," she said.
Kelly giggled. "She'd stop speaking to me for a month, more like it."
"I remember you and I were at your apartment, and your roommate was gone somewhere," he said.
Kelly nodded. "She was visiting her folks back home," she said smiling and sliding back up his cock.
He gripped her hips and started lifting her up and forcing her back down, causing her to whimper in pleasure.
"You seduced me with your wily ways," Kelly said, grinning.
He shook his head. "Yeah, you wish," he said. "You planned the whole thing."
Kelly laughed louder, nodding. "I did."
Duncan chuckled and continued driving her hips down on his thighs, driving his cock deep into her soft, wet pussy.
"I remember it being a little awkward," he said. "We had to work to get that condom on, and then we gave up when you said it was okay, that you were on birth control."
Kelly giggled. "We were so naive," she said. Her pussy gripped him tightly for a moment, and he grinned as the muscles rippled down his iron-hard shaft. Leaning in, she kissed him for a moment as he continued to pull and push her hips up and down on his cock, every inch sending pleasure dancing through her body.
She grinned and looked at him. "Then you couldn't fit inside me," she said.
"We had to take it so slowly, I thought I might not fit," he joked.
Smirking, she raised an eyebrow. "But you did, and then we both orgasmed at the same time."
"So romantic," he said, renewing his pushing and pulling, fucking his cock into her.
She leaned forwards, head on his chest as they spent a few minutes fucking gently in the shower, quietly enjoying each other. She whimpered softly, an orgasm coursing through her as he felt her pussy clamping down on his cock. It was a feeling he'd grown to love, feeling a woman's vagina contract down on his dick when she was coming. There was something exciting about knowing that he'd caused that.
Kelly would tense up and put a hand on his chest, making him stop for a moment in the heaviest moments as it powered through her. Then she would collapse into him and he could start fucking again. Sometimes, she couldn't stop him, and he didn't stop sliding his cock into her when she was coming.
Sliding down his body and off of his cock, she leaned into his chest a little bit and then continued showering and washing the remnant soap and sex off of the two of them.
Hopping out of the shower, they got dressed and let Kara and Danielle take their turns getting cleaned up. The two didn't elect to shower together, but not out of animosity, just a desire to actually get some actual grooming done and not fool around in the shower. After Kelly made a comment about solo showers not being fun, Kara said, "We'd be in there all day together if we started fooling around."
Danielle giggled and nodded.
After everyone was showered and dressed, the four of them went and got breakfast, during which they discussed the schedule of events.
"Well, the wedding is at five, the reception after that. It's supposed to be a relatively short ceremony," Kelly said.
"That's good," Duncan added.
"We can go out and do something after the reception if y'all want," Kelly replied.
"We've probably got time to do some more shopping if you three want," Duncan said, but they surprisingly declined.
"You were great yesterday baby," Kelly said. "I'm sure there are other things we could do."
After a late breakfast that was more of a lunch, they went back to the hotel and relaxed. The girls got ready earlier than he thought they would, but it was a wedding.
As the girls were admiring themselves in the mirror and making last minute adjustments, Duncan was finally able to go in and finish his grooming before slipping on his sport jacket.
Kara came over and smoothed him out with her hands and made a few small adjustments. Satisfied, she winked at him and turned to finishing preparing. They made a final inspection, and Kelly snapped her fingers.
"Danielle," she barked. "Over here," she said, pointing to the floor in front of her.
Danielle moved quietly over to where Kelly had indicated and stood quietly, her head lowered in submission.
"Raise your dress," she said, and the blonde complied, lifting the dark red garment up and revealing a sexy pair of red panties. Kelly reached into her back and pulled out a small egg shaped object about the size of a quarter. Smiling at Danielle's widened eyes, she knelt in front of her.
"What could be naughtier than a vibrator during a wedding," Kara commented. "That's hot."
Danielle bit her lip, covering an excited smile, though Duncan could tell that she really liked what Kelly was making her do.
As she fell to her knees, Kelly reached up and gently slid Danielle's panties down, but only just a bit. Taking the vibrator, she leaned forwards and licked slowly up the blonde's slit, drawing a low whimper from her lips. Then, she slid the vibrator into position and had Kara come and pull Danielle's sexy red panties into place. She made a minor adjustment, making sure it was still nestled against the blonde's clitoris and that the panties were tight enough to hold it there.
Then, she tested it by clicking the device on the lowest setting.
Danielle groaned in pleasure, her knees buckling as she steadied herself on Kelly and Kara.
"Are you three trying to give me an erection?" Duncan joked. "Because it's working."
Kelly smiled at him, but then turned a serious look on Danielle. "You aren't allowed to cum until I say so, is that clear?"
Danielle whimpered again, trying to recover, but was able to stand up straight and look Kelly in the eyes. "Yes, Mistress," she said.
Satisfied, Kelly turned and smiled. "Okay, we can go!" she said.
Duncan smirked and adjusted his semi-hard cock. "Thanks," he said, gesturing down with his head.
She giggled and winked.
Heading downstairs, Duncan drove the four of them to the wedding. It was being held in a beautiful church, and Kelly swore quietly when they arrived, seeing her mother.
"I'm gonna have to talk to her now, aren't I?" she said.
Duncan smirked. "We could always send Kara," he joked.
Kelly giggled. "I think my mom would recognize her own daughter." After he parked, she hopped out and the four of them walked up to the entrance together.
Kelly's mother, Karen, was waiting at the entrance. They conversed briefly, and Karen commented on how similar Kara and Kelly looked, as did everyone that knew her. It was only five minutes, but Karen managed to get in a few snide remarks, clothed as complements to her daughter.
After speaking with her, Kelly was cold for a few minutes while they waited for the ceremony to start. Duncan leaned over and whispered quietly into her ear. "I'm so glad you're nothing like her."
Kelly turned and smiled widely. "You always know what to say."
He grinned. "Better?"
"Thank you, baby," she replied.
A few minutes later, the groom came in with half a dozen or so groomsmen and stood with the priest. A few minutes after that, the procession music started and the bride entered. She was a pretty brunette and she looked beautiful, escorted by her father who was a retired Marine, dressed in his full dress uniform.
"Your cousin is a brave man," Kara said, "marrying the daughter of a Marine."
Kelly nodded with a giggle.
True to form, the ceremony was relatively short. Kelly clicked on the vibrator and Danielle coughed to cover her surprise. Glancing over at Kelly with wide eyes, she covered a smile and shook her head, then quietly tried to maintain her calm demeanor. Kelly was relentless though, and it didn't look to Duncan like she turned it off once, but Danielle was becoming a model submissive, and didn't appear to have an orgasm. The ceremony concluded, the bride and groom left down the aisle, and someone made an announcement about the reception.
Duncan gathered up the girls and they headed off to the reception. As they went in, he saw a familiar blonde squeal in delight and practically tackle Kelly.
"Heidi!" Kelly yelled.
"Kelly!" she shouted back. Duncan smiled, heading over and hugging her.
"Oh my god!" Kelly said. "Why didn't you tell me you were going to be here?"
Heidi shrugged. "It was kind of last minute. I was going to come and then I wasn't," she said. "I'm dating one of the groomsmen," she explained. "I didn't know if he wanted me here and..." she sighed. "I'm here now though."
Kelly clapped excitedly and hugged her again. "You remember Kara?" she asked.
"Of course," Heidi said, smiling and hugging the other red-head.
A tuxedo clad man walked over then and put his arm around Heidi. "Paul," he said, reaching out and shaking Duncan's hand.
Duncan smiled and introduced himself.
Heidi talked about meeting Paul, how they first started dating a few weeks ago and had hit it off pretty well.
"So how do you know them?" Paul asked after initial introductions.
"Well," Heidi said. "Kelly was my best friend growing up," she said. "These are the people I was telling you about," she said.
He cocked his head curiously.
"The threesome," she explained.
He smiled. "Oh!" he said. "Those people!"
Duncan thought for a second he might get upset, but he laughed and continued to joke about things with them, and he figured he wasn't a jealous type.
Danielle slid up next to Kelly, who smiled and winked at her.
"This is my pet, Danielle," Kelly said, a little quieter than before.
Heidi shook her head and smiled knowingly, first at Kelly and then Duncan.
"We have to go to the club after this," Heidi said.
Kelly looked at Duncan and then at the other two. Getting no resistance to the idea, she agreed.
The bride and groom arrived a few minutes later and started making rounds talking to people.
Kelly greeted her cousin with a hug and introduced her husband and their friends. Conversation was light and fun.
An hour or so in to the reception, one of the groomsmen, who had been curiously glancing at Kelly all night, finally came over and whispered something in her ear. She giggled and nodded. The groomsman turned and nodded at one of the others.
"This is my husband," Kelly said, nodding at Duncan.
The man turned and immediately shook his hand. "Rick," he said. "Good to meet you. I was just confirming that your wife is the same we saw that... certain website," he said.
Duncan grinned. "That's probably her," he said.
"Well sir," Rick said. "You have one stunning wife."
Duncan nodded. "That I do!"
Tickled that someone recognized her, Kelly was in very high spirits after that.
The reception lasted another two hours, and then it was clear that it was time to leave. The bride and groom made their exit, as did everyone else quickly after.
Heidi quickly gathered her boyfriend along with Duncan, Kelly, Kara, and Danielle, and they drove to the club, one group following the other. They went inside and saw that it was cozy, but not too crowded.
After finding a group of tables that would fit the lot off them, Kelly and Heidi started gabbing.
*****
Kelly
"What's the story with your guests?" Heidi asked.
Kelly giggled and told her about all of the recent changes in their lives, how much they'd opened up their marriage to having sex with other people, the Saturday parties, and the like. After bringing her up to speed, Heidi turned and nodded at Danielle.
"What about that one?" she asked.
Kelly giggled. "That's my sub," she said. "Well, mine and Duncan's."
"So you guys just brought her to the wedding?" Heidi asked.
Kelly giggled and nodded. "Danielle, come here," she said.
The blonde did so, immediately. "Yes, Mistress."
Kelly stroked her cheek for a moment before lifting up under her chin. "Yeah, we're planning on letting Duncan deflower her tonight," she said, causing Danielle to smile.
Heidi grinned.
"Y'all are welcome to come watch the fun," she said. "Isn't that right?" she asked, looking at Danielle.
"Absolutely!" Danielle said. "Mistress can have whoever she likes come and watch."
"Wait," Heidi said. "She's a virgin?" she asked, then turned and looked at Danielle. "You're a virgin?"
Danielle nodded, grinning.
"And you wanted to be a submissive?" she asked.
Danielle nodded again, this time much more vigorously. "After seeing their other subs, Zeke and Amy, I really got turned on by it."
"No offense, but that's pretty odd," Heidi said. "I mean, I'm right there with you, I love being a sub. It's something Paul and I have talked about and he's pretty confident that he can fulfill that role for me."
Danielle smiled and nodded. "But..." she prompted.
"But you're still a virgin," Heidi said.
"Well, they make me perform oral sex on them for now, or strip for them," she said. "We're really just getting started."
"I'm not trying to insult you or doubt that you have the chops to be a sub," Heidi said, "I'm just pointing out that it's odd for a virgin to enjoy being a submissive."
Danielle smiled and shrugged. "If I'm lucky, Master is going to take my virginity tonight."
Heidi smiled, and then turned, raising and eyebrow at Kelly. "She's serious about this, isn't she."
Kelly nodded. "Both really. She's very serious about being a good sub for us, and yes, Duncan is going to sleep with her tonight."
Heidi turned and smiled, glancing over at Duncan as he was talking to Paul and the other groomsman that recognized Kelly.
A round of shots appeared as a waitress came and sat them down, and the group drank to the bride and groom, even though they weren't there.
Paul turned and then glanced at Heidi. "Honey," he said. "This is the guy from that Saturday thing?" he asked.
Heidi giggled and nodded. "He's the one with the big fuckin' cock baby. He and I had sex all day one Saturday," she explained, nudging Danielle in the ribs. Kelly glanced up and saw Kara sitting next to Duncan, sidled up against him with her hand on his thigh.
"Nice," Paul said. "I wish I had that kind of stamina, you know." he said, looking at Duncan and Rick, the other groomsman.
Duncan chuckled and shrugged. "I wish I could say it was an all-the-time thing, but the truth is, that was a unique performance. She was the first woman I had outside of my marriage, and I guess the excitement of the situation, plus she's so fuckin' sexy."
Heidi smiled and winked at him.
"Not to mention, I told both of them to go at it until Heidi stopped him," Kelly added. "I guess she didn't ever stop him."
Heidi giggled and shook her head. She leaned over and kissed Paul. "It means a lot that you aren't jealous."
He smiled and shrugged. "Honestly," he said, "I'm kind of wanting a repeat performance of that sometime. I think I'd like seeing you like that."
"We'll see," Heidi said, giggling. "We can't tonight because Mr. Big Dick is going take his sub's virginity when they get back to their hotel."
"So wait a minute," Rick, Kelly's fan, said. "You're married to Kelly, the most gorgeous woman on the internet," he said, looking at Duncan.
Duncan nodded.
"And she's got a twin sister," Rick said.
Duncan shook his head. "They just look alike. They aren't really related."
"But you get to fuck her too," he clarified.
Duncan nodded, grinning and pulling Kara in for a kiss. She giggled.
"Actually, he gets to fuck me at work whenever he wants," Kara added. "I'm his secretary."
Rick sighed, shaking his head. "And, you get to have a submissive too! I can't believe your wife let's you get away with that! Motherfucker!"
Duncan grinned and shrugged.
"Sweetie," Kara said, "Kelly doesn't just allow him to fool around. She wants him to. They both fool around like that." She leaned over and started stroking Duncan's cock through his pants. "More to the point though, is that Duncan doesn't really ask permission," she said. "He's got that certain quality that women respond to."
"Confidence," Danielle said.
"Dominance," Kelly added.
"Attitude," Heidi added.
Rick chuckled. "I guess that's unanimous then," he said with a smile. "I still can't believe I met Kelly "Kissed by Fire," he said.
She grinned. "Camille thought of that name for me," she said. "She's the photographer and owner of the website."
"Can I have your autograph?" Rick said, suddenly.
She giggled, glancing at Duncan. He laughed and smiled.
"Of course," she said. "You can even have a naughty selfie."
His grin was very wide as he heard what she said. Heidi offered her a pen and he handed her his business card. "I wish I'd printed a picture of you to sign," he said.
Kelly grinned and signed her name on the card, then stood and pulled the top of her dress down as he took a selfie. He thanked her profusely and then went and sat back down, a smile plastered on his face.
Giggling, Kelly shrugged at Duncan. He made a motion with his head to the dance floor and she winked, standing.
"Danielle, keep Kara company," Kelly said.
"Yes, Mistress," she said, sliding over next to the redhead.
Pulling her to the floor, Duncan pulled her close, his arm immediately wrapping around her, his hand on the curve of her back.
"Do you really want me to sleep with Danielle tonight?" he asked.
Kelly looked up at him and nodded. "She wants her first time to be special, remember" she said. "All girls do."
He nodded. "I know, but her virginity is something special. I don't want her to look back and regret this."
Kelly smiled. "There's no way that she's going to regret it, honey," she assured him. "Just take it slow, like I know you will, and you'll both enjoy it."
He nodded, satisfied with her answer.
"Can you believe I have a fan?" she asked him.
He chuckled. "You've probably got lots of fans, goofy."
She looked over and saw Rick talking with a few of his friends, nodding and laughing, showing them the selfie he took with her.
"You know," Duncan said, his hand reaching down and gripping her butt cheek, squeezing and then caressing it as they danced. "You can go with Heidi and her boyfriend if you like."
Kelly smiled and shrugged her shoulders. "We'll see," she said, unsure of what would happen later.
The dance ended and Duncan leaned down for a deep kiss, causing her to sigh in happiness.
"I love you," he whispered, slapping her playfully on her rump.
"Love you," she giggled.
Turning, they headed back towards their friends and saw Rick coming back over with another guy.
"Miss Kelly," he said. "This is Marcus, another fan of yours."
Kelly wrapped her arm in Duncan's, but reached out and shook Marcus's hand.
"Can I get a picture with you?" he asked. "I'm a huge fan. I love your photo shoots."
"Of course!" Kelly said, smiling sweetly. She pulled her top down again as he came over and handed his phone to Heidi. Kelly was giggling as Marcus lowered his head so he was right next to her breasts.
Heidi snapped a few pics and started to hand Marcus his phone back, but Kelly had a naughtier idea.
"Rick, hand Heidi your phone again," she said. She leaned over so only he could hear. "Would you like one of me holding your dick?"
Rick grinned widely and nodded. "Hell yes!"
Kelly turned and winked at Duncan and then smiled. "Whip that bad boy out then," she said. Looking down, she watched as he nervously glanced around and then unzipped his fly. Heidi, Kara, and Danielle laughed and cheered while the other guys just chuckled.
Reaching in, he pulled out his surprisingly large sized organ and let it go. It was semi-erect, and Kelly reached down, stopping for a moment to rub her hands together.
"Cold hands," she said, winking, but then reached down and took his cock in her hand. It immediately bounced upwards, getting more and more erect.
She giggled and slid close to him.
"Reach under my arms and grab my tits," she said. "Just watch my rings."
Rick was more than happy to comply, and soon had his warm hands cupping both breasts while Kelly gently held his erection.
Heidi, giggling, took several photos.
She turned, and laughed out loud when she saw Marcus pulling his fly down.
"Aw, come on," he said, thinking she was going to deny him the same privilege. "Fair is fair, right?"
She winked and nodded, smiling as he took out his cock. It was about the same size as Rick's, brown skinned though, and it curved downwards where as Rick's was straight as an arrow.
She squeezed him gently and snickered as he groaned, his hands hesitating for a moment before grasping both of her breasts.
Heidi snapped a few more pictures with her phone.
Turning, she didn't release Marcus's dick, and knelt, turning and pulling him next to her. She gestured to Rick, who came over immediately. Two erect cocks next to her smiling face, Heidi snapped some pics with both phones, and then Kelly smiled and winked at Duncan who was taking one of his own.
She stood then, releasing both and giving them both a final hug as they profusely thanked her and put their equipment away.
Heading back to the table, she sat down next to Danielle as Heidi joined her.
Giggling, Heidi turned and shook her head. "You've definitely changed from that shy little wallflower I knew back in school," she said.
Shrugging, Kelly smiled at her husband and continued to talk about everything that had happened lately.
Eventually, it grew later than expected and Duncan made a comment about leaving. He stood and came over to her, wrapping an arm around her. Paul and Heidi were standing close, about to say goodnight.
"Paul," Duncan said, spinning her around with his free hand. "You and Heidi are welcome to take my wife back to your hotel room and have your way with her," he said, smiling widely. She snickered and then yelped as he reached down and slapped her ample rump, his fingers squeezing her supple flesh and slightly lifting her dress. She whimpered as she felt him manhandling her, his fingers sliding underneath to caress the edge of her pussy.
Paul looked at Heidi, who was nodding before he even turned. Duncan chuckled and looked at Kelly.
She smiled and gave him a kiss, but then saw Danielle, and knew that she should be there for her office assistant.
"Guys," she said, "I'd really love to come back and fool around with you tonight, but I think I better stick with Danielle."
Heidi pouted, but said she understood.
"They can come watch," Danielle said, smiling and shrugging at everyone's surprised looks. "What?" she asked. "A submissive isn't supposed to care about when or where her Master tells her to do something, she's just supposed to do it, else she'll get punished. I want to be the very best sub I can, and serve my Master and Mistress well."
"Trust me honey," Heidi said, winking at Kelly, "I know all about being a submissive."
Kara came over and laced her arm in Danielle's, "This is your evening, sweet pea," she said. "It can be you and Duncan if you like, and the rest of us can go somewhere else."
She smiled in response and glanced at Duncan, who nodded and held his hands up, indicating that it was her call.
"I seriously don't mind, you guys," she said. "I'm going to be focusing on Duncan."
After a few minutes of talking and deciding, the group headed back to the hotel room.
"How about we chill in the bar," Heidi suggested, "and Duncan can start things off, nice and private."
Danielle smiled and shrugged. "You can be there if you like, or in the bar. It doesn't matter to me."
They pulled in to the hotel a little later and Kelly, Kara, Paul, and Heidi all waved as Duncan and Danielle headed to the elevator.
*****
Duncan
He was still a little trepidatious about the whole affair, but Danielle seemed positive that she wanted him to be her first. Unlocking the room, he went in and turned on a lamp, but then turned as Danielle finished kicking off her shoes.
"If you have any second thoughts, or this doesn't feel right, you let me know," Duncan said.
She smiled and slid into his arms to kiss him. "I'm positive," she said, and led him towards the bathroom.
Smiling as he came up behind her, he unzipped her dress with one hand, and slid the straps off of her shoulder with the other. She started to pull her sexy panties off, but then smirked and fished the vibrator out of them. Turning, she showed it to Duncan with a laugh and set it on the counter.
He chuckled and then watched as she turned and started to undress him. Methodically, she began to undo the buttons on his shirt, sliding it slowly off of his torso and tossing it to the floor. Then, she slowly walked around him, trailing a single hand along the curves of his muscles, smiling happily. Stopping at one point directly in front of him, she turned and used both small hands to undo his belt enough to unbutton and unzip his pants, letting them fall to the floor and revealing the pair of black boxer-briefs that he was wearing, that left nothing to the imagination.
She cupped his bulge gently and smiled, looking up at him. Slowly, she reached to the side with both hands and began to slide them off, his cock pouring out when it was freed from its confines. Smiling, she leaned down and planted a kiss on the tip, then stood and turned, stepping into the shower.
Duncan followed, immediately reaching for the pink bottle of wash and lathering up. She smiled as he began to wash and scrub her delicate skin, her eyes staring up at him as he did so. Words didn't pass between the two, and only the roar of the shower filled the room. Rubbing gently across her skin, he moved his hands across her body and washed away all the sweat, gently kneading her muscles and releasing any pent up tension. She was sighing and moaning softly, her head lolling back and forth as she periodically glanced back up at him.
Turning her around, he began to wash her backside, even going so far as to run a few fingers under her butt cheeks and up to her pussy. Taking his time, he pushed gently with his finger against her ass, causing her to sigh and bite her lip, smiling up in pleasant surprise. Just as his finger threatened to break through, he moved it away and then back, gently scrubbing. She whimpered then, almost as if she missed the feeling. Clutching at him, she stayed plastered to his body as he continued to wash and scrub her, his hands roaming across her body, not missing a single inch of skin in his ministrations.
Finally, he leaned down and planted a single kiss on her nose. She giggle and handed him his soap. He smiled and lathered himself up, soaping up his armpits and ass. Groaning, he looked down and saw that she had knelt, and taken the head of his cock into her mouth. She wasn't bobbing up and down, she was just contentedly staring up at him, his dick just inside her mouth.
Chuckling, he pulled his cock out of her mouth and soaped it up, causing her to giggle. He didn't spend nearly as long on his own body, but did make sure that he was sufficiently clean and smelled good.
Turning, he cut off the flow of water and opened the door, then grabbed a towel and began to methodically rub it across her skin, catching all the little droplets of water.
Smiling, she waited for him to finish, and then waited longer while he dried himself. Then, he surprised her again when he came forwards and lifted her up, carrying her from the bathroom and to the bed.
A sudden noise caught his attention then, and he looked at the door, still naked, as it unlocked and was swung open.
Kelly came in, smiling. "Are we interrupting?" she asked.
"We haven't really started yet," he said, smirking.
"It's been an hour," she said. "We'll come back," she added, turning.
"No," Danielle called. "Please come in."
Kelly hesitated, but then did so and peeked around the corner, seeing her laying in bed. "Are you sure?" she asked.
Danielle nodded. "Part of what I want is for you to be here too," she said.
Kelly grinned and nodded, turning and beckoning at the others in the hall.
Quietly, Kara, Heidi, and Paul all came in. Heidi and Paul went and sat in two chairs near the window, and Kara and Kelly lay down on the opposite bed. Danielle shook her head though, and gestured for the two women to come back over.
Smiling at her, they came over, one on each side.
"Why are you guys still dressed?" she asked. "Get naked already!"
Duncan chuckled, but everyone began to do as the young blonde bade, standing and stripping, all except for Paul and Heidi.
Kara smiled and leaned in close to Danielle as she lay on the bed. "You just tell us where you want us, sweetheart," she whispered. "This is your night."
Danielle nodded and pulled her in for a kiss. Kelly slid down on her opposite side, and slid up next to her, a single hand caressing her pale skin.
Her head coming up off the pillow, Danielle looked over and gestured to Paul and Heidi. "You can come watch if you like," she said, laying back down.
Duncan glanced over, and saw the two stand and move around behind him. He looked back down and saw that Kelly was gently massaging Danielle's clit with a single finger. Kara looked over at him and then leaned down, taking his cock in her mouth for a moment and leaving a good amount of saliva on him.
"Are you ready?" he asked, his voice deep and resonant.
Danielle nodded vigorously. "Please, stop making me wait and fuck me already," she begged. "I've been wanting this since we left home and you won't take me already."
He grinned and leaned forwards. "I'm the Master here," he said playfully. She smirked and reached for him, spreading her legs.
Kneeling on the bed, he slid down, his body coming over the top of her as he propped himself up. He could feel Heidi and Paul coming closer, though they didn't climb on the bed with them.
Leaning over on one hand, he took his cock in the other and slid up, laying it across her pubic bone and lining it up with her pussy, basically making an overlay of how much cock would be inside of her.
"Jesus," Kara said. "Are you trying to make her panic?"
He chuckled and slid back, the underside of his cock dragging across her pussy until the head slid past and down, across her clit.
Leaning lower, he lifted her neck up for a kiss, and then gently began to push his hips forwards, feeling her virgin pussy envelope the tip of his cock.
She smiled, clutching at his back with both hands, her legs wrapping around him. Determined to take it slow, he felt a little resistance and waited, then when she relaxed enough for him to push in more, he did so. Then he would wait, and slid a tiny bit deeper. Gently, he pulled back once he was an inch or so in, trying to spread their natural lubricants between the skin of his cock and her pussy. She reached down, though, and pulled on his hips, drawing him a little further into her, where he stopped once he felt resistance again.
She smiled as he felt himself at her hymen, then gently, he felt her pulling down on him, almost as if she were desperate to lose her virginity. Obliging her, he softly pushed through and claimed it as his.
She whimpered softly, smiling, but holding him at bay for a second. He could see that she was in pain, so he held still until she sighed and he was able to move a little bit more. Then slowly, she began to relax.
"Oh, fuck," she moaned. "Oh, God, that's nice."
Methodically she began to pull on his hips. "Faster," she said.
Smiling, he kissed her and began to pump into her, his huge cock sliding into her drenched pussy, her lips pulling and pushing along with his intrusive organ.
She smiled as Kara and Kelly both leaned in and started to kiss her breasts, Duncan's cock sliding completely into her.
She raised her arms up in the air in triumph, causing the occupants of the room to chuckle quietly.
"You're not a virgin anymore," Kelly said.
Danielle grinned and shook her head, but then sighed in pleasure as Duncan began to rhythmically pump in and out of her.
"God, he feels good," she said. "It's not like getting my pussy licked, or someone fingering me."
Kelly and Kara both smiled and shook their heads.
"Fuck," she said again. He smiled as he sensed that she was getting close to an orgasm, her skin getting flushed and her breathing and reactions getting more frantic and desperate.
"I think..." she groaned.
He didn't slow, but maintained his steady rhythm, pumping his large cock into her tight little pussy.
Suddenly, she arched her back and her mouth went wide. It almost looked like she was having a stroke, as her eyes kind of glazed over and she gurgled a little bit. She jerked once, and then a second time, and then finally relaxed, her breath coming in great gasps, as she cried out in pleasure.
"Oh my god," she gushed, desperately pulling at him. "So fucking good," she burbled, her hands seemingly not knowing where to go.
He smiled, and kissed her, slowing and eventually moving to his knees, his cock sliding out of her.
She sighed happily, drawing Kara to her and giggling repeatedly, her body still reacting to the powerful orgasm of her first time. Kelly stood her up then, and the three of them went to shower. Duncan sensed that there might be some feminine upkeep to do, and sat back on the bed. Heidi went in and grabbed a wash cloth from the bathroom and came back, handing it to him. He wiped himself clean and saw the white rag stained with pink.
"It's normal," Heidi said. "She's fine."
He nodded, thankful that she was okay.
Looking up, he saw Heidi turn and talk quietly with Paul. He nodded and she turned, going in to check on the girls.
"Why are you guys still dressed?" Duncan asked, looking over at Paul.
He shrugged and moved to sit on the other bed. "I've never had a multiple partner thing," he said. "I don't know if Heidi is ready to share us with another couple.
Duncan chuckled internally, knowing that Heidi was probably more than ready.
"You're more than welcome to include my wife in your fun. I'll probably have my hands full with Kara and Danielle," he said.
Paul nodded. "I appreciate that, but I'm just..." he leaned in and whispered, "I don't wanna have any performance issues."
Duncan nodded, understanding completely. "Yeah, it's a little intimidating the first time, bro."
"Exactly," Paul said. "There's lots of women here."
"No worries man. Like I said, you can hang out and watch, or leave at your pleasure. We're easy." Duncan felt a little odd laying nude with another dude in the room and no one else, so he reached over and pulled the covers across his body.
Heidi came out of the bathroom then, followed by a nude Kelly.
"I think we're going to leave," Heidi said, coming over and reaching down to grab Duncan's hand. He smiled and nodded. She leaned in close to give him a kiss and whispered, "Don't want to push him too far too fast, you know."
He winked as she stood up and waved. Turning, the two of them said their goodbyes and left the room quietly.
A few minutes later, Danielle emerged from the bathroom, still nude, with Kara in tow.
"So how are you?" Duncan asked.
She giggled. "Not a virgin!" she said. "Now you can make me do so much stuff!"
He chuckled but nodded.
"You can make me suck off Paul, for starters!" she said excitedly. Looking around the room, she saw the other couple had left.
"He was nervous," Duncan said. "Was afraid that he wouldn't get it up."
Kelly nodded. "I'm sure it can be intimidating."
"Especially with the Monster in the room," Kara said, leaning over and stroking Duncan's cock.
He chuckled and shrugged.
"Want another go?" Kara asked, looking at Danielle.
She nodded immediately. "I definitely do, but I think I better wait. I'm a little sore."
Kelly reached for her, taking a second to go and shut off the lights. "You can come lick my pussy," she said, grinning.
Danielle smiled and nodded happily. "Yes, Mistress," she said.
Kara slid down over the top of Duncan then, kissing him and quickly pulling his cock into her pussy with a quiet, "Get that fucking thing back inside me."
He chuckled as she started to slide her cunt down his shaft, sighing happily as she started fuck him.
The rest of the night was a blur of sex, blowjobs, and girls using him as a fuck toy. Though he and his wife stayed in their respective beds, Kara and Danielle switched places a few times. Danielle didn't have sex with him again, as far as he could tell, but she did come over several times to suck his cock for a while. Every thirty minutes or so, one of them would whisper something about switching, and the two girls would do so, giggling.
Kara seemed to prefer fucking him over sucking him off. He never came though, sensing that the girls were having fun just fooling around, and he didn't want to spoil their fun. Eventually, they seemed to settle down and the foursome fell asleep sometime in the early morning.
Waking sometime the next morning, he looked over and saw his wife and Kara laying on each other, mouths open and snoring. He turned and saw Danielle's blonde hair next to him. He smiled and turned, brushing a hair from her face.
She slowly awoke, yawning and stretching as he leaned in and kissed her nose. Blearily she opened her eyes and then smiled at him, leaning in for a kiss as she slid closer.
"Good morning," he said.
"Mmm... g'mornin'," she muttered.
He pulled her close to him, her nude form soft up against his. His cock was semi-erect, and he felt the sparse pubic hair she had brush against the tip.
He kissed her again and then lifted her chin to look her in the eyes. "Danielle," he said quietly. "Did you enjoy yourself last night?"
She smiled and nodded. "Thank you so much for making my first time so special."
He smiled, genuinely happy to have been able to do that for her.
"I promise that I'm going to be the best sub you could ask for," she said quietly.
Chuckling, he kissed her nose. "You were beautiful last night," he said. "I'm glad I could help."
The two of them heard yawning and shuffling beside them, and turned, seeing Kara and Kelly rousing from their slumber.
"Wanna fool around?" he asked.
She giggled but then pouted playfully. "I'm still sore," she said, reaching down between them and stroking his cock. "I promise, as soon as Mistress lets me, I'm going to be fucking you as much as I can."
The foursome got up and got dressed, packed, and were out of the hotel by noon. Stopping for some fast food, they ate on the road in an effort to get back home as soon as possible.
As they drove, Danielle talked about all the things they could make her do as a submissive. "I've read that you can make me sit on the floor and not let me sit on the couch, and sometimes you can make me eat from a plate on the floor." She was animated when she spoke, showing how excited she was to be made to do things. "Oh, and I've seen a porn or two where they wake the submissive up by cumming on her face, or forcing her to perform oral sex before she's fully awake!"
Duncan had laughed at that, picturing his wife glaring at him after he came on her face with no warning. Danielle had also suggested being tied up and used at anyone's pleasure.
"Just take it slow," Kara said. "It's odd for a such a young woman who was so recently a virgin to be so into this, you know?"
Danielle nodded. "I definitely know. None of my friends would believe it! I can't help what I like, though. I just have this... need, you know?" She turned and looked at Kara who was in the rear seat with her.
Kara nodded with a smile.
"I just want to experience... everything I can!" Danielle said excitedly. "And there's something that's such a turn on when Mistress tells me to do something naughty, especially if it's someone I haven't been with or met yet."
Eventually, they arrived home, dropping Kara off at her car first. After kissing all three of them a deep goodbye, Kara left and the threesome drove home.
Danielle made sure that her Master and Mistress didn't require anything of her, and went to her room to study, while Duncan went outside to work, and Kelly started the wash. That evening, the three of them watched a movie together, and Duncan obliged Danielle's desire to be made to do demeaning things, and told her to sit on the ground.
Later that night, as the movie finished, she looked up at him expectantly.
"I think you've turned her on," Kelly said, giggling.
Duncan chuckled as Danielle looked up at him, pouting playfully.
"Being made to sit on the ground turned you on?" he asked incredulously.
She nodded, and he noticed that she did indeed look horny.
Glancing at his wife, who shrugged and snickered, he turned back and looked down at Danielle. "So you want me to fuck you?"
She nodded vigorously.
"And if I tell you that you'll just have to wait?"
She whimpered and rocked back and forth on her knees.
"I'm pretty sure that she'll just be getting more and more horny," Kelly said.
Danielle nodded vigorously again, drawing chuckles from the husband and wife.
Though he would have liked nothing more than to fuck the young blonde's tight little cunt at that moment, Duncan was thoroughly tired and knew he wouldn't be at his best. Smiling, he leaned down and kissed her on the nose.
"Sorry, cute stuff," he said. "You'll just have to wait."
Danielle pouted silently, even going so far as to pull her top and bra off, but Duncan stood his ground.
Reluctantly, Danielle went to her room after she'd been told she could do so, and shut the door behind her.
Grinning at his wife, Duncan helped her up and the two stripped down and went to bed. As they pulled the soft sheets over them, Duncan felt his wife slid a single leg over his as they got comfortable.
They were quiet for a few minutes before anyone spoke.
"It was a little weird seeing some fans of mine," she said.
Duncan laughed. "Yeah, that was different," he said.
"I'm sorry if I got carried away."
He shook his head in the darkness as he played with her hair. "I didn't think you got carried away. You didn't actually have sex with either of them, and I think the pictures were both hot and hilarious."
She snickered. "It was a turn on, for sure," she said.
He nodded in the darkness. "I can imagine it was, but I don't think you crossed any lines."
She seemed satisfied that he'd been okay with what happened, and changed the subject after a few minutes of silence.
"I've got that photo-shoot next weekend," she said. "I'd like you to bring one of our friends so you have someone that can keep you company while I'm doing the shoot."
He smiled and nodded. "I'll be happy to," he said.
She snickered and nodded. "I've also got to get Kara over there so that Camille can see how much we look alike. I think that would make a great idea for a photo-shoot."
"Definitely," he said. "Who doesn't like twins?"
Kelly reached over and pulled herself closer to him in the darkness. A few minutes of silence enveloped them, and they began to drift off.
"Night baby," he whispered. "Love you."
"Love you," she whispered back.
*****
Kelly
The next morning, Kelly awoke first, sensing someone else in the room. She blearily looked around and then saw Danielle kneeling quietly beside the bed. She was nude, only wearing a collar.
"What does my Mistress require of me?" she asked.
Kelly grinned and nodded over at Duncan. "Wake up your Master in his favorite way."
Danielle smiled and nodded quickly. "Yes, Mistress," she said.
Kelly had to agree with Marie's sentiments when she'd first started flirting and trying to seduce the young blonde. She was definitely fun in the sack. It was such a unique experience having a sex slave at your beck and call.
For her part, Danielle absolutely loved it. There wasn't anything that they'd asked her to do that she hadn't done. Kelly knew that it was going to be a blast while it lasted.
As she watched, Danielle crawled on her knees over to the end of the bed and began to slide up from underneath. Slowly, the blonde moved from Duncan's feet up to his crotch, where her head eventually started to bob up and down.
Duncan yawned and stirred, looking down under the sheet and then tossing it aside. Kelly giggled and snuggled up beside him.
"Our slave was waiting for her orders this morning," Kelly said. She watched as Danielle held Duncan's cock straight up, stroking as she enveloped the tip with her warm mouth.
Duncan sighed in pleasure, pulling Kelly over for a good morning kiss. He glanced down and looked directly at the blonde as she stroked tightly over his cock.
"I'm sufficiently hard," he said. "Get my wife's pussy wet."
Danielle immediately shifted, leaning over and pulling Kelly's thighs apart as her tongue began to lick upwards. The young woman wasn't an expert, but she was definitely getting good. Kelly sighed as she felt her start devouring her pussy. Sensing Duncan wanted to fuck her this morning, she tapped Danielle on the head and shooed her back out of the way. Obediently, she slid back down to the floor at the foot of the bed, waiting.
"Can I play with my pussy while I watch you fuck, Master?" she begged.
Duncan smirked as Kelly slid her leg over his thigh, reaching up and pulling her down on to his erection. She paused to accommodate him, but then soon leaned forwards and began to slide back and forth on his cock.
"No," he said. "Sit there and watch us. If you masturbate, you'll be punished."
Danielle moaned, deriving pleasure from being denied. "Fuck," she said. "Yes, Master."
Sliding up, she stopped right before Duncan's cock would slide out of her and began the trip back down, his massive erection filling every crevice of her pussy.
"Slave," she said, looking back. "Start licking my husband and I while we fuck."
"Yes, Mistress," Danielle moaned. Kelly gasped then, as Danielle wasted no time in sliding back up on the bed and running her tongue from the back of Kelly's pussy upwards, across her ass.
"Fuck," Kelly whimpered, thoroughly enjoying the feeling. The warmth left then, and Duncan moaned, feeling Danielle's actions on his testicles. It returned quickly though, and she realized that the blonde was licking and kissing from Duncan's balls, all the way up to her ass.
It didn't take long for Kelly to reach an orgasm, and as it crashed into her, she reached back and grabbed a handful of Danielle's hair, driving her face into her backside, Danielle's tongue sliding back and forth over Kelly's ass. Her pussy clamping down on Duncan's cock, she whimpered and gasped, her body flooding with pleasure.
Arching her back, she pulled tighter, causing Danielle to moan as she was forced tighter against Kelly, though her tongue never slowed.
Groaning, Kelly finally slowed her gyrations, and then slid off, but didn't release her grip on her slave's hair. Turning over, she slid up against the pillows as Duncan moved out of the way, pulling Danielle's face down between her legs where she smiled seductively up at Kelly before voraciously devouring her pussy.
Duncan smiled at her as he walked around, moving around the bed and crawling on his knees up to where Danielle was eating Kelly's pussy out. She watched as he gripped both sides of Danielle's hips, his hands contorting the fat on her thighs, what little there was. Sliding towards her, he began to run his cock up and down her slit, causing her to whimper and briefly glance back.
From her viewpoint, Kelly could see Danielle's face of course, her eyes peering up from Kelly's mound and thatch of red pubic hair. The blonde's expression showed one of lust, focused seemingly only on going down on Kelly. Stroking her slave's head and pulling at her hair, she saw her husband slide closer, and saw Danielle's expression change drastically. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she moaned audibly, her head briefly coming up as Duncan entered her. He groaned, in turn and began to roughly pull on her hips. As he leaned into his thrust, he impacted the back off her hips, his cock sliding deep into her and driving her face back into Kelly's pussy.
"How does my husband feel inside you?" Kelly asked, pulling Danielle's hair and forcing her back to eating her snatch.
"He's so fucking big," Danielle said, her eyes unable to focus as Duncan fucked her. "It feels so fucking good though."
"Finish eating my pussy," Kelly said, feeling playful.
Danielle whimpered but locked eyes with her as Kelly raised her other hand and grabbed a handful of hair. She pulled, accidentally pulling a little harder than she intended, and caused Danielle to moan louder.
Glancing up, she saw Duncan contorting the flesh of Danielle's hips, slamming into her from behind. The impacts were driving her face into Kelly's pussy.
"Do you like when I pull your hair?" Kelly asked.
Danielle whimpered but nodded emphatically. Kelly giggled and looked back at Duncan. He smiled, reaching forwards and grabbing some of Danielle's plentiful locks. Kelly tossed him what she had, moving her hands to both of Danielle's cheeks and pulling softly, caressing her face.
Duncan wrapped his hands up in two great handfuls of blonde hair and began to tentatively pull as he thrust into Danielle. She groaned deeply, obviously enjoying it. Smiling he looked up at winked at Kelly. Yanking hard a single time, he thrust almost angrily against the young blonde. She squeaked and then groaned, her eyes closing as she weakly continued to lick Kelly's pussy. Drawing her face up, Kelly slid underneath her until she could kiss at Danielle's face, contorted in pain and pleasure.
"You like it when he's rough with you?" Kelly asked.
Danielle nodded, and then added, "Fuck yes, Mistress."
Duncan pulled hard again, his hands yanking her hair and head back and driving her pussy hard against his hips.
"Am I allowed to cum?" Danielle asked. "Please, Mistress."
Kelly smiled and drew her face down to kiss her. Duncan picked up speed pulling hard every time he thrust against Danielle's ass, his cock sliding deeply into the young woman.
"Please let me cum," Danielle begged. Her face was contorted in a mixture of pleasure and pain.
"You can cum," Kelly said finally, nibbling and kissing at Danielle's neck, trying to move in time with her husband's ferocious thrusts.
Crying out in pleasure, Danielle arched her back and slammed backwards against Duncan in time with his thrusts, his hands still pulling hard at her hair. Her mouth was hanging open as guttural noises emanated from her throat, her eyes rolling back in her head and then going briefly in different directions as she came. Duncan grunted behind her, signaling that he was about to cum.
Whimpering, Danielle let her head droop, sliding it next to Kelly's on the bed, whimpering as Duncan began to grunt and groan, letting go of her hair and sliding hard into her, his cock no doubt dumping its contents into the young cunt.
Groaning, the two fell into bed with Kelly, panting and trying to catch their breath. Eventually, Danielle turned and slid her lips over Duncan's erection, groaning as an orgasmic aftershock hit her. She started to slurp and suck at the cum on the sides of his shaft, whimpering every few seconds as her pussy continued to convulse.
Eventually, she had to slide from the bed and go to the restroom. While she was gone, Kelly and Duncan took the opportunity to slide from the bed. Duncan went about wiping himself down with a stray towel, and Kelly walked out and started a pot of coffee.
Returning, she entered the room just as Danielle did, the blonde smiling widely and coming over to Duncan and reaching for Kelly.
"Thank you so much for taking me in," she said. "I promise I'm going to take care of you as much as you want."
Kelly smiled and kissed her cheek.
"I'm going to suck Duncan off whenever he wants, and I'll happily lick your pussy for you too," she said, looking first at Duncan and then Kelly.
Duncan chuckled and cradled the two of them in his arms for a minute. Seeing that he still had a slight erection, Danielle giggled and stroked it.
He smirked and raised an eyebrow. "You liked it rough, didn't you?" he asked.
She nodded emphatically. "I kept wanting you to do it harder," she said. "I didn't think it was my place to ask, as a sub."
Kelly smiled and drew them both in for a final kiss. "I'm going to get dressed for work. You two have fun." She winked at Duncan as he put a single hand around Danielle's throat and pulled her up to his chest tightly and then leaning down and kissing her tenderly. Just before she turned, she saw Danielle stroking his cock with one hand while she cradled his balls with the other.
Grinning, Kelly disappeared into the bathroom. Hopping in the shower, she washed herself thoroughly, half-expecting one of them to join her. After ten minutes though, she stepped out and toweled off. Peering out, she saw Danielle on the bed again. She was laying with her ass at the very edge of the bed, her legs and thighs spread out wide as Duncan perched above her, slamming down into her pussy as she moaned in pleasure. Every moan was punctuated by yelps of pleasure as he bottomed out or entered her again.
"Fuck, here comes another one," she spat, her head rolling back as she desperately held her legs wide for him.
Kelly grinned and turned back to do her makeup and hair. Twenty minutes later, Duncan finally entered and started showering, pausing to kiss Kelly before stepping in. Glancing out, she saw Danielle passed out on the bed and giggled.
"Well is she still alive?" Kelly asked.
Duncan chuckled and nodded. "Barely," he joked.
From the bedroom, Danielle gurgled something unintelligible, causing Kelly to giggle again. Stepping out, she went around to where the poor girl had collapsed and pulled the cover over her.
"Don't worry about work today, angel," she whispered. "You rest and recover."
The young blonde muttered something, but Kelly shushed her and went to get dressed. Duncan emerged a few minutes later and checked on the young woman, but chuckled when he saw she was comatose.
"I'm thinking she won't make it into work today," he said, coming over and kissing his wife again.
"I think we might have broken her," Kelly joked. Heading into the kitchen, they shut the door for some privacy for the exhausted girl, and went to have breakfast together. After a quick bite, they checked on her a final time before both leaving for work.
"Love you," Duncan called. "See you this evening."
"Love you," Kelly replied. "Have a good day!"
Arriving to work, she smiled widely at Marie, who looked at her curiously. Sensing something was up, she came over to Kelly's desk and raised an eyebrow.
"What?" she prodded. Kelly giggled and shrugged in response. Marie sighed and went back to her desk, uncharacteristically miffed about something.
"Oh, stop," Kelly said. "I'm just happy about the weekend. We had fun at the wedding."
"With Danielle I take it?" Marie spat.
Kelly sighed.
Marie's gaze softened and she shook her head. "I'm sorry. That came out more hostile than I intended.
"Danielle wanted her first time to be special, and she wanted Duncan to be the one to take her virginity," Kelly said. "We facilitated that."
Marie nodded, but didn't smile.
"I'm not stealing the little thing from you," Kelly said, coming over and standing next to Marie's chair.
"I know, I just wish I'd been the one she chose," she said.
"You don't have a penis, Marie," Kelly replied.
"Not about that," Marie said with a smirk. "She chose you over me, and I'm the one that started seducing her."
"She's having trouble right now," Kelly said. She took a minute to explain Danielle's financial situation and the drama with her boyfriend.
"I get that, and I'm happy you guys are there for her," Marie said. "I just want a sub of my own."
Smiling, Kelly ran a hand down the edge of her top seductively. "Can a dom also be a sub?" she asked.
Marie nodded, raising an eyebrow at Kelly's actions. "It's called being a switch."
Kelly grinned. "I'm sorry for stealing your sub," she said. "I've been a bad girl."
Marie snickered and rolled her eyes.
Kelly wasn't playing though, and knelt in front of her friend. Raising an eyebrow, Marie looked around. There was no one else in the small office but them at the moment, but either of their bosses could come in at any moment.
She crawled forwards on all fours a bit, a single hand pulling Marie back around and pushing her legs apart.
"I'm sorry," Kelly said, pouting playfully. She crawled forwards a bit more and leaned in, planting a kiss on Marie's knee after moving her skirt up and out of the way.
Marie watched silently, bemused. Slowly, Kelly began to kiss up her thigh, planting a soft smooch every few inches and punctuating them with a quick flick of her tongue against Marie's soft flesh.
Looking up seductively, she stared into Marie's eyes as her long-time friend bit her bottom lip, seemingly nervous.
Continuing slowly, she kissed up her thigh until she reached the inner thigh where it met her pelvis, and spread her legs wider. Still looking up into Marie's eyes, Kelly pulled her panties aside and kissed her mons, then slowly licked upwards along Marie's slit.
"Oh my God," Marie said, smiling.
Kelly grinned and slid forwards, her mouth opening as her lips mashed against Marie's pussy, her warm tongue sliding in and upwards until she found her clit and began to methodically slide and suck against it
Marie's eyes rolled back briefly as Kelly started to really get into what she was doing. Arching her hips upwards, she scooted down her in her seat a little while Kelly followed, her lips and tongue quickly latching back on, though she was facing more downwards than before. Marie had her skirt hiked up and reached down to gently caress Kelly's face as she wriggled against her lips and tongue.
Kelly slurped hungrily, sensing how much Marie was enjoying this, and took her friends' entire clitoral hood and clitoris in her mouth, sucking tightly against it. Marie looked up suddenly, but Kelly was beyond caring at that point and continued to lick.
She assumed that someone had come in, but she didn't really care who saw her right now. Groaning, Marie looked back down and whimpered in pleasure.
"Good morning," she said.
Kelly didn't stop though, continuing to slurp, suck, and lick noisily.
"Fuck," Marie said. "You lick my pussy so good," she said. "Such a good little whore."
"Whore!"Kelly thought, though it only served to turn her on more. Repeatedly she ran her tongue up Marie's slit while someone behind watched what she was doing. She had no clue who it was, and that fact was driving her imagination wild.
What if Duncan had come in and caught her being bad? What if it was a client? She grinned internally and didn't slow down, her tongue scrubbing furiously over Marie's pussy.
"God," Marie said. "You're going to make me cum, honey," she said.
Kelly grinned up at her, raising up a little and letting Marie see her tongue as she ran it up and down her snatch. "Make sure you get some pictures for my husband," she said. Smiling, Marie glanced behind Kelly.
"Pull your cock out," she said to whoever was behind the redhead. After that, she leaned over and grabbed her phone, aiming it down at Kelly as she smiled upwards.
Kelly smiled and slid a hand up next to her lips, sliding two fingers upwards into Marie's cunt.
"Fucking Christ," Marie swore, arching her back. Kelly briefly thought she hurt her, but then saw the renewed excitement on Marie's face, and felt her gyrating her hips against Kelly's chin as she continued to lick and suck.
Groaning, Marie's breathing got faster as she whimpered and gyrated in her seat. She surprised Kelly by sitting up for a moment and reaching over the redhead to yank her skirt up. Sensing that she was giving whoever was behind her a show, Kelly pushed her back and started sucking her pussy again.
"Are you my slave?" Marie asked.
Kelly groaned and nodded vigorously, never slowing her licking and sucking. Marie reached up and took a silk scarf from her neck. Reaching down, she wrapped it around Kelly's head and tied it after telling her to close her eyes.
Feeling her pussy get wetter, Kelly groaned, wondering what she was going to make her do. She felt Marie's hand on the back of her head though and quickly began to lick her pussy again.
She felt Marie moving, and quickly figured out that she was gesturing to whoever was behind her. Kelly groaned, sensing what was coming. She felt two masculine hands on her hips, and then a single finger running along the crack of her ass, pulling the underwear up and to the side. As they were pulled away, she whimpered, feeling the tip of a cock against her bare pussy lips. Still, she methodically scrubbed her tongue up and down Marie's pussy as a way of apologizing for stealing Danielle.
Taking her clit and the surrounding flesh in her mouth again, Kelly rubbed her tongue several times across the nub while she sucked; not an easy thing to master. Her friend started to cum then, crying out in pleasure as Kelly felt whoever was behind her pull on her hips. His strong hands pulled while his cock gently slid inwards. Kelly moaned, unable to stifle it as whoever was behind her started to gently fuck her.
"Total... fucking... slut..."she thought. Groaning, she pushed back and heard whoever was behind her moan in appreciation. He picked up speed as she continued licking, driving Marie's orgasm to its full potential as she whimpered against Kelly's lips and tongue.
Behind her, the mystery man was pulling roughly on Kelly's hips. She arched her back downwards, driving her pussy back and up and causing a wave of pleasure to course through her. His cock was decently sized and she grinned as Marie slid back and pulled her face up to kiss her.
Whimpering, Kelly's body shook with the impacts of the man behind her. She heard Marie stand, and then sit again. Feeling a hand on her face, she felt Marie pull her face forwards gently, but then felt an erection pushing against her lips and knew that Marie had someone else sitting in her seat.
Groaning, Kelly felt a surge of excitement that she was about to get to perform her new favorite hobby, and quickly took the newcomer's cock in her mouth. Groaning around the shaft, she felt herself pushed forwards again and again by the man behind her, his hands roughly grabbing her hips as she fought to suck as well as she could on the man in front of her.
Both men were grunting in pleasure as they fucked each end of her. The cock in her mouth slid as deep as it would go, pushing against her throat and causing her to"Gluck! Gluck! Gluck!"a few times in rapid succession.
"Switch?" came the voice from behind her. She thought for a second that she might recognize whoever it was, but she didn't. The cock in her mouth retreated, and she sat patiently on all fours, waiting for them to return. She didn't have to wait long as she heard the two men moving around. Behind her, she felt the second man sliding his cock up her slit, whimpering as he started to fuck her. In front, she opened her mouth immediately upon feeling his hand on her head and the soft head of his cock on her lips.
Groaning, she whimpered as the man behind her caused her orgasm to peak.
"Such a good little slut," Marie said, somewhere to her left.
She whimpered, feeling her pussy contract down hard on the cock in her pussy as he thrust deeply into her. His hands weren't as rough on her curvy hips as the first man, but he was pulling hard, fucking his cock deep into her.
The first man was jackhammering into her mouth with abandon, and for awhile she just left it hanging open. He slowed then, and she was able to start bobbing her head swiftly, her lips sliding down his shaft to the base as the head dipped into her throat, causing her to"Gluck!"again.
"God," the man in front of her groaned. "Cumming," he spat out. She whimpered, her orgasm renewing itself as she felt the first burst of his load filling her mouth. She swallowed quickly, obediently, as he thrust. The man behind her started to cum then, groaning as he started to fill her pussy with his seed. Whimpering as they hammered her from both ends, Kelly fought to keep her place in between them and keep steady.
Again and again the man in front of her burst into her mouth, grunting like an animal as he did so. Kelly swallowed him obediently, sucking desperately at his shaft in an effort to get as much of it as she could. Her excitement was unbridled at being taken and used in such a manner, and she hoped that there were two more men in the room that would be able to use her as these two had.
Grunting, the man behind her burst a final time into her before she felt his cock withdraw from her battered pussy. In front of her, the man in her mouth thrust a few more times before he withdrew. Cum filling her pussy and coating her lips, she panted and licked what she could from her face, but didn't move.
Feeling softer hands lifting her, she stood up on her knees and felt Marie kiss her. Whimpering in excitement, she waited for something to happen, but Marie took off the blindfold. Looking around she saw Mr. Deekins and Mr. Sellers, both looking exhausted but happy.
Grinning, she turned and started to say something to Marie, but the dark-haired beauty came in close for a quick kiss before she ran a tongue up Kelly's cheek where a line of cum had slipped out of her mouth.
Giggling quietly, Kelly let Marie clean her face up in her own way before she stood, and while Kelly watched, went and put both Mr. Sellers' and Mr. Deekins' cocks away.
"Dirty old men," she admonished playfully. "Put your dicks away before someone sees you!"
Kelly grinned, pulling Marie close as the two older men chuckled and headed towards their respective offices.
"I can't believe you let them do that to me," Kelly said quietly, her hands moving up to pull Marie down into a kiss. "Fucking slut," she said, her breath still coming in ragged gulps. "I'm so fucking turned on," she said.
Marie giggled. "You looked so hot," she said. "I can't believe we did that!"
Kelly, still shaking from the excitement and orgasm she'd just had, giggled uncontrollably for a moment before taking a deep breath. "God," she said, holding up one of her arms. "My hands are still shaking!"
Marie giggled and pulled her close for a hug, followed by another deep kiss. "I never thought I would see your head between my legs," she confessed. "I wonder how the hell we're supposed to work today." A sudden thought struck her and she looked down at Kelly. "Is Duncan going to be okay with all of this?"
Kelly giggled. Something told her that he definitely would.