I was convinced that I was having a wet dream but woke up to find Eva sucking my shrinking cock.
"I hope that you don't mind Luke, but you were all hard and I couldn't resist sucking you and you gave me your sperm in my mouth again. Why were you hard when you were asleep?"
"It's called a 'Morning Woody' Eva. I have no idea why but lots of men wake up with a hard-on. Maybe it's the men dreaming about you being in bed with them."
"Do men really dream about girls, whenever I have a dream it's always about something weird."
"Maybe that now you are having sex you'll have nice sexy dreams."
"That will be nice, are you going to fuck me now Luke?"
"No, but I have a free day today so maybe later. Maybe we should go for a walk, let you find your way around the area, do you even know where you are?"
"At your house Luke."
"No, I mean the house number and the street name, even the city."
"No."
"Well we need to put that right, sorry Eva, but you are going to have to put some clothes on later but we won't be out long so you can strip off as soon as we get back."
"Can't I go out like this?"
"I wish, there should be a law that says all young women can be naked wherever they want."
"I'd like that." Eva replied, then added,
"Can you eat me out before we get up please?"
What could I say. Thirty or so minutes later we went to the bathroom. Eva went straight to the toilet for a pee and a poo and wasn't at all shy about me standing at the sink shaving. In fact she asked me if I would shave her again and was disappointed when I told her that she didn't need it, that she needed the practice and that I would happily help her by rubbing the shaving cream all over her pussy.
Eva's expression changed from disappointment to happiness in a couple of seconds.
Whilst I was making Eva cum in the shower using my fingers I told her that I wanted to make sure that she knew how to make herself cum.
"Why," Eva asked, "you'll be here to do it for me."
"Not all the time, I have to go to lectures and classes most days."
"Oh, I forgot about those."
"So I want us to have a play later and make sure that you can pleasure yourself with your fingers. We'll move on to dildos and vibrators later."
"I've heard of dildos and vibrators but what the girls at school were saying sounded so silly that I ignored them."
"Well maybe you should have listened to those girls, but one step at a time, when we get back from our walk we'll have a bit of fun."
"Can we do it before we go for our walk?"
"No Eva, if we do we'll never go for a walk and it's important that you get some local knowledge."
"I suppose so."
We finished in the bathroom and went to get dressed. Eva again asking me what she should wear. Needless to say that I picked the shortest of the 2 skirt options, a thin, floaty one and a thin cotton tank top. No bra or knickers of course, and I sure as hell wasn't going to offer to buy her some when we were out.
When we went downstairs I discovered that Liam and Jackson had already left so out we went.
I immediately discovered that it was a bit windy and I looked at Eva's skirt and saw that it was dancing about. I imagined the possibility of it blowing up and maybe even inverting but I said nothing. Hey, I'm a young man who appreciates the sight of girls flashing their goodies and Eva wasn't actually my girlfriend so what do you expect? Even we he were an item I doubt that I would have suggested that she goes back and changes.
As we walked Eva held onto my arm and told me that her pussy was getting tickled by the wind.
"Is it nice?" I asked.
"Oh yes."
We walked around and then into town, me pointing out the things and places that she might need. I realised that we hadn't had any breakfast so I took her to a fast food place for a burger. Eva hadn't been to one of those since she was a little girl and she was excited as a little kid. After taking ages to decide what she wanted we went and sat down, Eva picking a table where she could watch everything that was going on.
What I'm sure she didn't realise was that with her back to the wall, there being no table cloths hanging down the sides of the tables, and her sitting with her knees wide apart, there was a good chance that anyone sitting close by or even walking by would be able to see her bare slit, everyone in the place, and half the town already have seen her beefy nipples making bulges in her cotton tank top.
I was loving that she was so exposed and that she didn't even realise.
After brunch I took Eva to the university because she wanted to see where I had classes and lectures but to get there we had to cross some open areas where quite a few students congregate and it was quite windy there. The wind seemed to be attracted to her skirt and I just wished that I could see what the people around us were seeing. At one point her skirt was blown out parallel to the ground and I knew that her butt and pussy were visible.
I looked around and saw a handful of students staring at her. I smiled.
Inside we walked round with me pointing out the different rooms that I went in and at one point Eva said,
"I wish that I could go to university Luke but I'm just not clever enough."
Eva was looking a bit down so I replied,
"Eva, there are a lot of very smart people who don't go to university and a lot of people at university who shouldn't be there. University isn't for everyone and you have realised that it isn't for you. That doesn't mean that you are thick or stupid. It just means that you are, or will excel in something else. I don't know you well enough yet to know what your specialist area is, but one thing that you are really good at is sex."
"How can you say that Luke, we haven't fucked yet."
"But we have done other things and you are brilliant at them and I just know that you will be really good at fucking."
"You think so?"
"I know so, so forget about wanting to go to university and just bide your time, something will come along, trust me."
"I do Luke. Okay, so when are we going to fuck?"
"Soon Eva, soon."
On the way back to the house Eva had more exposure courtesy of the wind, All of which I missed but quite a few other people didn't miss the show. We stopped at a supermarket where I bought the food that the house needed, and some things for Eva needed including a full shaving set.
Back at the house Eva wanted to take her clothes off before we put the groceries away and who was I to ignore that request. That job finished Eva grabbed my hand and put it on her pussy.
"Do I need a shave yet Luke?"
"No Eva, but you are very wet down there.."
"I know, I can feel it but I don't know why, I don't think that I've peed myself."
"No you haven't Eva, is your pussy tingling?"
"Tons."
"You're all wet because you are aroused and your vagina is producing lots and lots of lubrication. I guess that you really enjoyed going out in a short skirt with no knickers and your skirt blowing up a lot."
"Was it, I didn't know, I sort of felt like I was naked below my waist as soon as I went outside and the wind tickled my pussy but I though that my skirt covered me."
"It did most of the time but the wind kept blowing your skirt up."
"Oh, I never knew, oh well, I hope that people liked what they saw."
"With a body like yours and your bald pussy I'm sure that everyone enjoyed what they saw Eva. Does it bother you that people were seeing your butt and slit?"
"No, should it?"
"No, it's just that some girls are very shy and would want to die if someone saw their butt and pussy."
"That's silly."
"I know, but that's the way that it is.
"So my pussy got wet because it saw people looking at it?"
"Something like that Eva."
"Maybe I should go out in that skirt more often, I certainly felt good."
"I'm sure that you will get plenty of opportunities to go outside wearing skirts like that."
"Maybe we should take advantage of you being so aroused and wet Eva."
"What do you mean Luke?"
I didn't remove my hand, instead I rubbed her pussy until she orgasmed, which didn't take long. When I commented on her quick orgasm Eva told me that it was probably because she had gone into town dressed the way she was. Then she asked,
"Can we go into town every day please?"
"Not quite every day Eva, but now what do you think of the idea of you having your first fuck?"
"Oh goodie, where do you want me, on the kitchen table?"
I smiled and then said,
"How about doggie style?"
"What's that, I haven't seen a dog here and it's you that I want to fuck me not a dog."
"Relax Eva, a dog isn't going to fuck you, get down on your hands and knees."
Eva did and was surprised when I leant over her back and she felt my cock at the entrance to her pussy.
"You might get a sudden pain Eva. That's when my cock breaks your hymen, but that pain will go quite quickly and you'll never get it again. Are you ready?"
"Yes Luke just do it. My pussy needs you inside it."
I slowly pushed my cock into Eva's hole until it felt a little resistance.
"Are you ready Eva?"
"Oh, I thought that you were all the way in."
"I'm not Eva, brace yourself."
"I haven't go any braces. Aaaaaarrrrggghhhh. Oh gosh, that feels so nice. Can you take it out and do that again please?"
I did.
"Oh Luke, that feels sooo nice, can you stay there forever?"
I stayed deep inside her for a few seconds then slowly started fucking her.
"Oh, oh, that's, oh, ugh, oh, don't stop Luke, oh, oh, aaaarrrgh, umph, oh, aaaarrrgggghhh."
As Eva was making all those noises she was getting louder and louder and when her orgasm arrived I could feel my ears vibrating. I kept on fucking her right through her orgasm. Eva went silent for a few of my thrusts then she started again and got louder and louder. With one final scream Eva had a second orgasm and the convulsions of her pussy muscles triggered me to cum. Remembering that she was on the pill I thrust deep inside her, pushing her whole body forwards, and shot my load deep inside her.
As I ran dry I reached round to her tits and squeezed her big nipples. Her body shuddered and she moaned.
We stayed like that for a few seconds until my cock started to soften then slide out of the no longer, virgin pussy.
Just then I heard someone clapping and I looked up. There was Jackson with a big grin on his face.
"Nice one Luke." Jackson said.
"Hey." Eva said when she turned her head. "Did I do that right?"
Jackson smiled again then turned and walked out of the kitchen.
"Yes Eva," I replied, "You were perfect."
"Good, did you empty your balls inside me or have you got some more so that we can do it again?"
"Not right now Eva, you were so good that I need a rest. I also think that I need to buy some earplugs."
"I can't hear anything."
I just smiled got to my feet and put my arm out to help her get to her feet. Eva pushed herself up onto her knees and looked at me. Instead of taking my hand she leant forward and took my soft, pussy juice and my cum covered cock into her mouth. As she started sucking she looked up to my face and grinned.
I smiled back and let her keep going. Shortly after that Liam walked in, stopped dead in his tracks, absorbed what he was seeing, gave me the thumbs-up then turned and walked out. I wondered if Eva had even seen him but then realised that she would probably have just waved hello to him and kept going.
Eva kept going and my cock slowly rose then eventually started pumping my sperm out.
This time Eva pulled her head back, looked up at my face, opened her mouth and waited for me to spray her face.
"Where did you learn to do that?" I asked as Eva tried to lick what her tongue could reach into her mouth."
"So you did have some more sperm in your balls, learn what?"
"To look up to my face when I'm about to cum on your face."
"I don't know, it just seemed the right thing to do and I wanted to see your face."
"Well it was the perfect thing to do Eva, there's just one more thing that you could do the next time to make it truly perfect."
"What's that?"
"After you've licked all you can get into your mouth, open your mouth and show me how much you've got in there before you swallow it."
"Okay, when can I do it again?"
I reached down and with both hands and pulled both nipples so that she had to rise to her feet. Grinning, Eva watched me as I told her that it was shower time.
As I followed her up the stairs I could see all my cum creeping down the inside of her thighs.
The shower was relatively innocent, a few tweaks of nipples, a quick rub or 2 of her clit and her wanking my soft cock a little as she soaped me.
We went back downstairs, Eva going and sitting on the Bean Bag that she seemed to have claimed as hers, again with her knees open and her pussy on display.
Both Liam and Jackson came down and we all mucked in to get some food ready. We talked as we ate and Eva suddenly said as she tweaked her nipples.
"I'm not a virgin any more, Luke fucked me earlier."
"Yes," Jackson said, "I saw you."
"Oh, I didn't see you, did you enjoy the show? Luke says that I should get fucked where a lot of people can see me, he says that they would like to watch me."
"I'm sure that they would." Jackson replied.
"And hear you." Liam added
"And you looked as if you give a good blowjob as well Eva." Jackson added.
"You watched that did you? I'm not very good at that, Luke says that I need more practice. Maybe you and Liam could help me with that if Luke isn't around."
Both Liam and Jackson stopped chewing and looked at me. I nodded and the chewing started again. A few seconds later Jackson said,
"Yes, just let us know when Eva, even if you have to disturb us in our rooms."
"Okay." Eva replied, then continued,
"Luke took me into town today and apparently a lot of people saw my bare bum and pussy because my skirt kept flying up in the wind. I didn't notice because the skirt was so light that I felt I had nothing on all the time."
"That's a shame." Liam said.
"No, I don't mind, Luke says that I have a nice body and that I should be proud to show it to anyone."
"Luke knows what he's talking about Eva. You do have an amazing body and Luke's right, you shouldn't be ashamed to show it to anybody."
"I'm not ashamed, I was just a bit disappointed that I didn't know people were looking at my pussy, the tingling would have been stronger."
"So your pussy was 'tingling' just going out without knickers?" Jackson asked."
"And my nipples, and they were all hard, like they are now, do you want to feel them?"
Both Liam and Jackson said that they did, at the same time, and they both looked at me again, and I again nodded my head. They got to their feet and went and knelt beside Eva and reached for a nipple each.
Both of them went further than just feeling to see if they were hard and they soon had Eva moaning. Liam and Jackson must have thought that they'd pushed their luck too far already and they stopped.
"That was nice guys, it made me all tingly, can you do that some more please?"
Two male heads turned to face me, I nodded and 2 hands went back to 2 little tits.
Eva started moaning again and after a couple of minutes her feet lifted off the floor and her whole body went rigid as an orgasm hit her. Both guys kept going until Eva's feet found the floor again and she started breathing normally again.
"That was nice guys, thank you. Luke has been teaching me to do all sorts, below jobs, eating my pussy and fucking. It's early days yet and he says that I need a lot of practice but it's going to be fun learning."
"What about bringing yourself off?" Liam asked.
"Yeah, Luke has shown me where my clitoris is and how to rub it, shall I show you?"
Liam looked at me, I nodded and Liam replied,
"Okay then, you're on the right seat already so go for it girl."
And Eva did, she spread her legs further apart and her right hand got busy, Eva being totally unconcerned that 3 young men were watching her.
"My clit has grown quite a lot lately, it's got a hood to cover it but every time that I look or touch it it's sticking out. It's seems pointless having a hood if it's never going to cover it."
"Yes it does Eva," Liam said, "but I like it sticking out, it looks beautiful."
"You do? So should I stop worrying about it?"
"I would if I were you Eva." Liam replied.
"Okay, it makes me all tingly when something accidentally touches it."
"Don't complain Eva, you are a lucky girl having a clit like that." Liam told Eva.
Eva smiled and intensified her rubbing.
Orgasm over, Eva let her head fall back and she sighed.
"All these orgasm things are wearing me out, I might just go to bed if you don't mind guys."
"You go and get your beauty sleep Eva." Liam said, then added, "Remember that it's party night tomorrow, you'll need lots of energy for all that dancing."
"I'm not very good at dancing." Eva said as she got to her feet.
"Maybe you should practice in the morning Eva," I said, "we can put some YouTube videos on and we can teach you how to do pussy thrust."
"What?" Eva asked, I've never heard of those."
"Don't worry, we'll teach you them tomorrow."
"Okay, goodnight."
All 3 of us watched Eva walk out of the room and up the stairs.
"Are you really going to let Eva give us blowjobs Luke?" Liam asked.
"Sure, she's my stepsister not my girlfriend, I have no control over her."
"What about fucking her?"
"If that's what she wants to do."
"Cheers mate." Liam said.
"Have you noticed that she tweaks her nipples a lot?" Jackson asked.
"Yes," I replied, "She does it a lot more that any other girl that I've noticed. I don't think that she even realises that she's doing it."
"Hey mate, don't go telling her or she might stop doing it, and what's with these pussy thrusts?" Liam asked.
"Well, I suspect that she'll want to be naked all day tomorrow, and that that will include the party, so, I thought that it would be 'entertaining' if she were to keep thrusting her naked, bald pussy at everyone."
"Wow Luke, and what else are you planning on her doing?" Jackson asked.
"I don't really know, I don't want her fucking all the blokes there, just us 3, she's clean and I want her to stay that way, but a few blowjobs and bringing herself off won't do any harm."
"Fair enough," Jackson said.
"I think that it would be a good idea to have a coupe of guys on the door to make sure that we only get people that we know here. After your classmates saw her naked word may have got out and hundreds may turn up." I said.
"Good point." Jackson said, "I'll ask Ben and Zack, they're big enough to keep people out.
"You know guys," I said, "I think that I'll turn in as well, I'm not getting as much sleep as I was a few days ago."
"I wonder why?" Jackson joked.
Eva had done her thing in the bathroom when I got there and she was about to get into the bed.
"Luke, you said there are hundreds of positions that we can have sex in, I can only think of 2."
"Don't you worry your little head about that Eva, just wait until I've been to the bathroom and I'll show you a third way. We can google sex positions anytime that we want and I'm sure that it will give us some new ideas."
"Oh yes, google. It has sex position on it as well then?"
"I'm sure that it has. Don't let that pussy go to sleep, I'll be back in a couple of minutes."
Fine minutes late I was showing Eva how to ride me cowboy style and she enthusiastically bounced up and down on me and made a hell of a lot of noise until she had cum. Then she got off me and gave me a blowjob to finish me off, swallowing all my cum.
Eva went to sleep holding my cock and me holding one of her tits.
*****
I woke the next morning before Eva and discovered that in our sleep Eva had turned her back to me and we were spooning. I took advantage of that and eased my morning woody into her still very wet pussy. I lay there for a couple of minutes just savouring the feeling then I started going in and out of her.
Eva woke with a start, obviously not realising what I was doing to her but within a couple of seconds she relaxed, sighed and pushed her butt back to get me deeper inside her. I slowly went in and out as we said "good morning" then Eva told me that she had never been happier in her life. She was glad that her father had wanted some alone time with my mother and wished that they had met years earlier.
"You mean that you wish that you'd discovered sex years earlier." I suggested.
"Well yes, but if I had it might not have been with you Luke and you are so good at it."
I continued slowly fucking Eva for a while then told her that we should get up. Reluctantly, not having cum, Eva pulled herself off me and went to the bathroom. I joined her a few minutes later and found that she'd got out her shaving things. I watched as she shaved her armpits then her legs, then she asked me if I'd do the rest of her.
Eva was disappointed when I said that I wouldn't, but that I would put the cream on her. I increased her arousal level as I did so but still didn't make her cum. I supervised (watched) as Eva removed her slight stubble whilst shaving myself.
Then we had a shower together where I again raised her arousal level still without letting her cum. I planned to tease her for as long as I could resist tipping her over the edge.
Liam and Jackson were in the kitchen when we went down, Eva again showing no interest in putting any clothes on. After some coffee Eva asked who was going to teach her to dance. Liam went for his laptop and searched YouTube for some dance videos. Soon Eva was swaying and actually dancing in front of us
After convincing Eva that she was as good a dancer as most girls Eva asked about the pussy thrusts. I smiled and got up and stood in front of her, moved my feet slightly wider apart than my shoulders, put my arms out in front of me, squat a little then thrust my pelvis forwards while pulling my arms back, all in time with the music.
"I can do that." Eva said, and proved that she could do it. Minutes later there were 3 hard-ons watching her.
"Now incorporate it into your dancing Eva." I said.
What a sight, a naked, attractive girl dancing and thrusting her pussy forward in a very sexy way. I was hard pushed to not jump on her right there. I don't suppose that she would have minded but I wanted to keep her aroused for as long as I could.
Us 3 guys went back to the kitchen to talk about what was needed for the party, leaving Eva practising thrusting her pussy forwards. I just new that that would go down well with the guys at the party, especially if she stayed naked.
There wasn't much to do for the party, hey it's a students house, who expects it to be tidy and spotless. Anyway, we needed some snack foods and more beer so I volunteered Eva and me to go shopping. I hoped that it would again be breezy out and Eva would put on a similar outfit.
What she did choose to wear was a thin, cotton summer dress. When she slipped it on she said,
"This dress used to be my favourite one a couple of years ago, it's really too short for me now but I brought it with me because I still like it even thought it's worn so thin that I'm sure it's going to rip when I put it on sometime soon."
"Well you managed to get it on in one piece this time so if you're ready we'll get off." I replied.
It wasn't quite as windy, but the sun was shining and once outside I swear that the material had worn so thin that it was nearly see-through. I could definitely see the change of colour of the breast skin to that of her areolae and nipples that were threatening to burst through the thin material..
"I feel like I'm naked in this dress as well." Eva said as we walked down the road.
"You look great Eva, are you warm enough Eva, that dress looks really thin."
"Yes, I'm warm enough, that sun feels nice."
"You like the sun then?"
"I do, I loved it when I was on holiday and we went to the beach. The sun, the warm sand and the warm sea, it was wonderful."
"Maybe you could sunbathe in the back garden, if we have any days that are warm enough that is."
"Hmm, nice thought, I didn't bring a swimsuit with me, do you think that I could sunbathe naked?"
"I'm sure that you could but don't get excited, it's unlikely that we'll get a warm enough day for a few months."
"Will I still be here or will I have to go back to daddy and your mother?"
"That depends on you and your father. You're 18 now and legally an adult so you can make your own decisions."
"But would you want me to stay with you and the others?"
"Eva, you can stay with us for a long as you want, but you will still have to share my bed."
"Will you fuck and eat my pussy every day?"
"Only if you give me a blowjob every day."
"I think that I can do that."
"And I think that we have a deal. Now we have to think of a way to get your father and my mum to let you stay, maybe you could get a job here then they'll see that you are trying to be independent."
"But what could I do? I didn't pass any exams at school."
"There are jobs around for people without any qualifications, they don't pay well, unless you become a stripper."
"You mean take my clothes off on a stage in front of people? I could do that."
"You've certainly got the body for it Eva."
"Thank you Luke."
Until then Eva had been hanging onto one of my arms but she had to let go because some roadworks had narrowed the footpath. There was a workman in a hole in the road and when he saw Eva he swore. I looked at Eva and saw that Eva was directly in line with him and the sun and that made her dress virtually transparent. It was like she was naked in front of me, both the workman and I could see everything.
Obviously I said nothing. I was enjoying the same view as the workman, and possibly a few other people were getting, and there was nothing that Eva, or me, could have done about it. And I knew that Eva wouldn't be upset about it, so we just kept walking.
At the supermarket we got what we needed and went to the checkout. I could see Eva leaning over the back of the trolley to lift each item out and put it on the conveyor belt and I though about the view that she must be giving to the people behind her. I looked at the people and saw an old and a young man staring at her butt.
Again I said nothing.
I filled the bags and paid, then we had to carry the shopping back home. I had a heavy bag in each hand leaving one bag for Eva. I expected her to carry it in one hand and swap it to the other hand when it got too much for that hand, but no, Eva hugged the bag to her stomach with her hands over and under it.
Fair enough I thought, but once we were outside I saw that when she had lifted the bag and put it to her stomach, she had accidentally pulled part of the front of her dress up and was trapping it between her stomach and the bag. I could see her slit and bald pubes.
Again I said nothing and I got Eva talking about the last party that she had been to. That had been about 5 years ago so I knew that she would have nothing to say of interest, but I kept her talking.
No one appeared to be taking any notice of Eva's exposure until we got to the roadworks where this time 2 men were in the hole in the road. Right next to them I coughed loudly then told Eva to stop for a moment so that I could rest my arms.
Eva turned to face me which meant that she was facing the 2 workmen as well. That gave them a great view of her pussy as they looked up, their heads being about level with her pussy. What's more, Eva had stood with her feet slightly apart.
I took my time stretching my arms and fingers before finally picking up the bags and starting to walk. Eva followed but when I looked back I saw one of the workmen give me the thumbs-up sign and I smiled.
I watched one young man's head as he walked towards us. His eyes were glued to Eva's pussy area as he got next to us I saw him step on a dog turd that Eva and I had gone to one side of. I heard the young man cursing from behind me.
"Was that man swearing at us?" Eva asked.
"No, he was too busy taking in your beauty that he stepped on that dog turd."
Eva laughed the replied,
"I'm not beautiful."
"You are Eva, especially in that dress."
Back at the house, after putting the shopping in the kitchen, Eva went upstairs and came back down totally naked again.
"You really don't like wearing clothes do you Eva?" Liam asked.
"No, skin is so much easier to clean than washing clothes."
"Can't argue with that." Liam replied. "Can you put the beers into the fridge please Eva?"
The fridge isn't very big so Eva had to bend over some of the time, a fact that I was sure Liam realised when he asked her because he stood with me at the other side of the kitchen both of us staring at Eva's bare butt and wet looking pussy.
"Why don't you go and practice your dancing Eva?" I said when all the beer was chilling. "And don't forget to practice your pussy thrusts." I added.
"Okay, I like doing those, it makes me tingle and wet."
"Wetter." Liam added but only me heard him.
When we left Eva dancing and thrusting her pussy, and went into the kitchen I said,
"I could watch Eva doing that all day, her thrusting her slightly open pussy and her probable A cup tits jiggling about is just so hot."
"Tell me about it." Jackson said, "You're a lucky bastard Luke."
"Hey," I replied, "just because sleeping in my bed with me doesn't mean that we are an item, if she wants to share her body with either of you then that's okay with me. But please guys, keep an eye on her tonight, as I'm sure that you've realised, she quite naive and with her wanting to be naked all the time, and doing what she's doing right now, some of our half pissed mates will try it on with her. I want to keep her fucking to be with one of us."
"Of course we will mate." Liam replied.
Beer in the fridge and snacks out we were ready for the action. We'd had something to eat to try to soak up some of the alcohol that we knew we'd be drinking and Eva had just gone upstairs to get ready, although none of knew just what a naked girl had to do to get ready, when the doorbell rang and the first of our guests arrived.
"So where's this naked girl that we've all heard of? Or was it just a wind-up to get us here."
I found Eva in the shower so I stripped, joined her and fucked her up against the shower wall with the warm water cascading down on us.
"That was nice Luke, can we stay up here and do that some more?"
"Nice thought, but there's a few guys downstairs that want to meet you."
"Me? What's so special about me, I'm not clever enough to join in their conversations, I didn't understand even one word that Liam and his mates were saying the other night."
"Eva, I doubt very much that any of the people here will want to talk about their uni courses, they're probably only going to talk about you."
I took Eva to the tall mirror and told her to look at herself.
"What do you see Eva?"
"Me."
"No, pretend that it's not you and tell me what you see."
"A naked little girl." Eva replied as she rolled and pulled on her nipples.
"What I see Eva is a beautiful young woman, really cute face, nice tits that are perfect for you size (I cupped her tits from behind her), a perfect pair of nipples that millions of men would like to suck and play with (I rolled and tweaked her nipples), a really nice, slim body (I slid my hands down her sides, a cute little bubble butt (I moved my hands to her butt and squeezed her cheeks), and a bald pussy that never gets dry (I flicked her clit and then slid a couple of fingers inside her). And I'm one hundred percent sure that that is what all the guys downstairs will see and want to talk about.
"Will they want to play with my nipples and pussy like you just did?"
"Oh they definitely will want to, but it's up to you to decide if you want them to and to let them do it. I doubt that they will force themselves on you, but if anyone does you just shout and Liam or Jackson or me will be there in a flash and kick them out."
Eva turned and reached up and kissed me on my lips. Our tongues wrestled for a few seconds then she lowered her heels and said,
"Luke, you are the best step brother that any girl could wish for. And I like it when you kiss me like that."
I gently slapped Eva's butt then said,
"Now stop trying to get me to fuck you and let me get dressed."
Two minutes later I was leading Eva down the stairs and discovering that there were now about 20 people in the house. I stopped near the bottom of the stairs, stepped aside so that everyone could see Eva, then said,
"Guys, this is my stepsister Eva. Be nice to her because she is feeling a bit insecure being here with all these intelligent people."
There were a couple of laughs and one guy said,
"Insecure, dressed like that, bollocks."
One of the few girls there said,
"She shouldn't be insecure with a body like that, I'd kill to swap bodies with her."
Another guy got crude and said,
"Does she put it out?"
At that point I decided to make it clear that Eva wasn't a whore.
"Eva is my stepsister and if any of you try to fuck her you will wake up in hospital."
"So she's just eye candy then?"
"She's just a normal girl who just happens to have discovered her body and sex. She has decided that she doesn't like wearing clothes." I said.
I turned to Eva and asked her if she was okay.
"Yeah, just a bit nervous, but my pussy is tingling."
"You'll be fine Eva." I replied then I held out my hand for her to take and we finished our journey down the stairs where I led her to the kitchen to get a drink.
Within seconds of Eva stopping moving a couple of guys were talking to her asking her all sorts of questions. I put a bottle of beer in her hand and stood back to watch how she reacted.
I have to say that Eva's lack of embarrassment and modest about her body made it look like she was in her element being the only one naked in a group of young people.
Before long the 2 guys were edged out by 2 more guys asking her questions. Then another 2 took over. Not once did I see and hint of blushing. Eva was a picture to watch.
Meanwhile someone came to talk to me and I manoeuvred myself so that I could talk and watch.
"So the girl is your stepsister Luke?"
"Yes."
"So for you incest doesn't come into it then?"
"I don't think so, but I haven't bothered reading up on it."
"So have you then?"
"Have I what?"
"You know, fucked her."
"I have."
"She looks as though she will be a good fuck."
"She is, but she was a virgin until a couple of days ago."
"Fucking hell, how did she manage to last that long? Making up for it now are you?"
"Trying."
"So why doesn't she like clothes?"
"She says that they get in the way too much and that it's easier to wash skin than clothes."
"Hmm, I guess that some girls clothes do flap about, not very practical."
"No mate."
I sort of cut him off then because I saw Eva being led into the lounge with yet another full bottle of beer in her hand.. They went straight to the Bean Bag that was in a corner between some people who were sitting on the floor, and Eva flopped down onto it and sat as she normally does, laying back with her knees open. Anyone who cared to look would have easily seen all of Eva's pussy with her protruding clit, and the guy who led her there had sat on the floor in front of her so he for one had a great view.
I watched them talking and the guy was joined by the couple of people either side of Eva. She looked happy so I looked for someone to talk to. That was easy as I knew most of the people there. There being the odd girlfriend or boyfriend of someone I knew there.
After a while I was happy that Eva was obviously happy so I looked her way less and less.
When someone put some music on I went looking for Eva. She was still on her Bean Bag with her knees open. I knelt between them and leant over to talk to her. I soon realised that the beer had made her a little 'happy', but not enough to worry about.
"Will you fuck me please Luke?" Eva almost shouted over the music. "I need your cock inside me."
I looked at her pussy again and she was right, she was dripping but I wasn't going to fuck her there, nor take her somewhere quiet to have some mutual pleasure, I wanted her up dancing and thrusting her pussy at everyone. I stood and put my arms out to pull her up and she managed to stand unsupported and she didn't look or act as 'happy' as she had when sat down.
I looked around and saw most, if not all of the girls, and at least half a dozen of the guys shuffling about sort of dancing, but the music was slow.
I put my arms round Eva's waist and started her swaying her butt. She put her arms round my neck and pulled herself tight against me.
"You want to fuck me don't you, I can tell." Eva asked.
"No, I want to fuck that girl in the short skirt over there."
That stopped Eva dead in her tracks and she just stared up at me. After a few seconds I smiled and told her that I was only joking and that yes, I did want to fuck her. Eva relaxed and started swaying her butt, shuffling her feet and pressing her body against mine.
After a few minutes the tempo of the music increased and everyone suddenly got livelier. Eva broke away from me and started dancing that she had done earlier in the day. I stepped back and watched her. Then came her first pussy thrust. Wow, that got her some attention. Some of the guys worked their way in front of her hoping to get a good look at her pussy as she thrust it towards them.
I was one of those guys and I saw what the other guys saw.
Eva did it again and again. A couple of the other girls started doing it, possibly trying to get some of the attention that Eva was getting. I looked at the other girls pussy thrusting and realised that the one that I could see up her skirt wasn't wearing any knickers. Another bald pussy was getting thrust at the guys.
Eva was putting her arms out straight before each thrust and as she thrust her pussy forward she pulled her arms back, bending her elbows, which made her action look more lewd. After a while her hands went to her nipples and she twisted and pulled them as she danced.
Eva was driving the guys there, including me, crazy. If I'd have had the bottle I'd have jumped on her right there in the middle of the room, and I know that she would have loved it. What made it more of a turn on for me was that I knew that Eva didn't think that she was breaking and social rules or taboos.
The dancing went on for hours with Eva stopping occasionally to get a drink and to press her naked, sweaty body against mine whilst drinking and asking me to fuck her. One time that she was pressed against me I slid my hand down to her pussy and fingered her. She was so wet that my finger went in without the slightest bit of resistance.
Occasionally, one of the guys or girls would stop her to have a quick chat. I have no idea what was said but both parties looked happy with the outcome.
Both Liam and Jackson came and talked with me, and watched Eva, occasionally, each time they thanked me for bringing Eva into the house.
Eventually, Eva's energy gave out and she collapsed onto her Bean Bag, her knees being wider apart that usual. I went over and checked that she was okay and again she asked me to fuck her. Again I said no, but this time she decided to give herself some relief by playing with her pussy. Her right hand got slowly busy and she slowly rubbed.
After I had checked that she was okay I went and stood not far from her. Not so close that I might frighten away anyone who wanted to come and get a closer look, and not so far away that I couldn't keep an eye on her.
Soon a friend of mine, Noah, came and squat between her knees and placed his hands on her knees, They talked for a minute or so before Noah's right hand slid up her thigh to her pussy and she didn't stop him and I saw a couple of his fingers enter her vagina.
I saw Eva smile then close her eyes as the fingers started fucking her. I watched for a couple of minutes then Eva's body jerked then went rigid for about 30 seconds before she collapsed back down. I knew that she'd just cum.
Eva bent forward and gave Noah a quick kiss before he got to his feet and left.
Another friend, James, went over to Eva and it was almost a repeat performance.
A bit later Emily did the same. Eva achieving another orgasm. I was a little surprised by Emily's appearance as I didn't know that she was into girls. I was definitely going to ask Eva about that later.
All the time that all this was going on, most of the other people there were either just watching Eva or kept looking over to her.
I decided that Eva needed a rest so I told the guy who had just got between her knees to go back to her in 15 or 20 minutes and I pulled Eva to her feet.
"Luke, there you are." Eva said when she realised that I was in front of her.
"Come and have a rest Eva, your pussy will get red raw if you're not careful."
"It feels fine Luke, well apart from the never ending tingling and that's not fine, it's wonderful."
I led her to the kitchen, got a couple of beers, sat on a chair and pulled Eva onto my lap, her arm going round my neck.
"So Eva, what do you think of university students parties?"
"Wow, they're nothing like any party that I've been to before, no balloons, no streamers and no cakes with candles, but I like it. I was a bit nervous at first but everyone is so nice, all the boys wanted to talk to me and ask me why I was naked. When we started dancing I couldn't understand why all the boys wanted to stand in front of me but then I saw you and guessed that you wanted to look at my pussy. If you did, then the other boys probably wanted to as well."
"Did you like them looking at your pussy Eva."
"Well it made my nipples and pussy tingle and my pussy got wetter and wetter. Is that normal?" Eva replied as she rolled and pulled her nipples.
"Yes Eva, perfectly, your pussy likes men looking at it."
"I'd better get back out there then."
"Slow down girl." I said as I moved one hand to one of her little tits and started playing with it.
"Oh Luke, that's so nice."
"Did you like the other boys, and that girl, playing with your tits?"
"I did, I was a bit surprised when that girl started on me but she was more gentle than the boys, I don't know which I liked the most, the girl or those boys. But none of them were as good as you Luke."
"Thank you Eva." I said as I tweaked her nipple again.
One of the guys in the kitchen who had seen what I was doing to Eva, and was a little the worse for wear, staggered over to us and said,
"Can I have a feel?"
Eva was quick to reply,
"Sure, other guys have so why not, and you might make me feel good."
The guy's groping wasn't very rewarding for Eva and because of his state he was unable to concentrate on what he was doing, he staggered backwards and didn't come back to Eva.
"How long do these parties go on for Luke?" Eva asked.
"There's no set time, sometimes it's early, sometimes it's dawn."
"Oh goody, plenty of time for more orgasms, can I go and sit on the Bean Bag again please Luke, someone else might like to come and play with my tits and put their fingers inside me and make me cum."
"Okay, but have a drink of water first, your pussy is leaking that much that you'll start suffering from dehydration."
Eva did, then went back to the lounge but this time, instead if sitting on the Bean Bag she sort of lay on it with a bit to prop her head up. It was like she was going to sleep but with her legs wide open.
Needless to sat that it wasn't long before a guy went over to her and sat between her legs. It was Jackson and she happily let him finger her with one hand and caress a tit with the other, The things went one stage further when Jacksons finger fucking fingers were replace with his mouth. Eva likes it when I do that to her and I guess that Jackson is as good at it as I am because it wasn't long before Eva writhing about then going rigid with her butt up off the Bean Bag.
I smiled and adjusted the position of my cock in my jeans. I was looking forward to fucking Eva when the party was over.
The other 'guests' at the party had seen what Jackson had done to Eva and some of them wanted some of the same. As soon as Jackson got up someone replaced him and Eva went from one high to another, for going on for the next 2 hours until I saw that she had either fallen asleep or passed out. A guy was still eating her pussy but she wasn't responding.
I went over to her and quickly realised that she was non-responsive so I told the guy that he had licked her to death and I picked her up and carried her up to our bed and lay her flat on her back. I didn't cover her, instead I spread her legs wide and put her right hand on her pussy wondering what she'd think when she woke up.
Shutting the bedroom door, I went back downstairs, got another beer and mingled. Unsurprisingly, everyone wanted to know more about Eva, how she ended up naked at the party and why she let just about everyone play with her body. I just told them the truth and got lots of comments about me being a lucky bastard and them asking when the next party was. I suggested that they have a party of their own and invite me and Eva.
It was about 3 am when the last of our guest left and I went upstairs to get some sleep. I noticed that my bedroom door was wide open but Eva was still asleep on her back with her legs wide open. I wondered if anyone had gone in and either taken some photographs of her or abused her naked, sleeping body, which was my job. Anyway, I went to the bathroom then stripped and crawled in next to Eva who, half asleep, turned her back on me and when I spooned her she reached between her legs, grabbed my hard cock and put it at the entrance to her vagina. When I gently slid inside her she sighed and went back to sleep.
*****