"Let it go Puma."
Stacy Puma just couldn't stop thinking about the stupidity of her brother Griffin. Less than six hours ago he had fucked two other women. Cheating on his fiancée Bree was leaving a bad taste in Stacy's mouth. Bree didn't deserve this. Even though Stacy constantly put the girl down there was still something respectable about her. Even she knew that Bree was the best thing to happen to her brother. Worst of all it was with that skank Pepper Little Beaver. Even when she and Griffin dated back in the day she was nothing but trouble. It was all Stacy could do not to buy a bus ticket North and beat that Cheyenne sluts ass. Her time was coming. Apache justice would win in the end.
To top things off Stacy was on her way to meet Griffin's other affair. At least this girl Amber appeared to have a conscience. She had no solid idea that Griffin was engaged, presuming Pepper and he were an item. Although the girl still went behind even Pepper's back if she had happened to be Griffin's real girlfriend. No matter how you looked at it, even Amber should have her own teeth knocked out. So why was Stacy feeling sociable toward this girl she didn't even know? This was all so fucked up.
Debarking a bus at the corner, one block shy of the pancake house Amber worked at, Stacy strolled casually, hands in her pockets. For once the ApacheSlut moniker was being set aside and she dressed appropriately. White jeans and a Denver Broncos hoodie shielded her features. Even her hair was pinned back offering a stunning neckline. Today Stacy Puma just needed to be Stacy. Not Racy Stacy. Not Lacy Stacy. Just sweet quiet Stacy. We all know that would never last long.
Reaching the pancake house she enters and is shown to a booth. Setting down she ogles a menu and orders a coke. Not really hungry, she decides upon a blueberry muffin just to feed the growl of the big cat inside. Her namesake thrived to make herself known. A fast return, her waitress offers up the delightful pastry and leaves Stacy to her thin smile. The Apache didn't even have it in her to be her usual snide self. Buttering her muffin she discovers a thin blond beauty watching her. Presumption led Stacy to wave toward the seat in front of her on the other side of her booth. Sure enough the blond crept toward Stacy and pouted slightly.
"That easy to choose out of a crowd?"
"Smelled skank. Have a seat."
"Don't make me cry. I feel awful about what happened."
"Makes two of us. I'll get over it. You just need to know my brother's fiancée. She's a pain in my butthole, but..."
"You love her?"
"I wouldn't go that far."
"You do. I can tell."
"Don't make me scratch those tears in your eyes out. So, you saw me fucking."
"God yes. You were incredible. I'm such a fan. You had that entire hotel rooting for you. When that cop showed up I recognized him. Once he said you were his sister I just had to meet you in person."
"You weren't part of my conquest. Where were you hiding?"
"I was in a room on ground level. I saw you jump on the roof of that SUV and fuck that guy. He was really cute."
"Xander."
"That's his name? Did you know him already?"
"Yeah."
"Is he your man?"
"Naaaa!" Stacy fidgets using her muffin to mask her true thoughts on the matter.
"You really like him don't you?"
"Stop being nosey before I mush my muffin in your pretty face."
"You think I'm pretty?"
"Don't push it Pansy. I'm only here to try and get my head on straight. I wanted to see for myself what my idiot brother was tapping. His loss, if he and Bree split up."
"Sorry." Amber attempts change, "Broncos fan?"
Realizing her acknowledgment toward her hoodie Stacy recalls something, "Shit! I totally forgot Bree was getting tickets to a Bronco game as a surprise for Griffin. So much for that."
"He hasn't told her yet, has he? Maybe he won't and things might blow over."
"You don't know Pepper Little Beaver. That bitch is Manitou."
"Mani...what?"
"Evil spirit. Indian legend."
"Oh! I thought you meant she was actually a man. You never know these days. Transgender stuff is hiding everywhere."
"Not going there Pansy."
"Why do you call me Pansy?"
"Because deep down I wanna rip your petals out."
"Yikes. Please don't."
"Relax I left my tomahawk at home. Although blond extensions might look cute on me."
"I like my hair."
"Even when my brother pulled it?"
"He didn't pull on it. He just lifted me against the restroom wall and took me."
"Writing on the wall. Love it." Puma shrugs with a scowl.
"Can we start over? I don't want to be your enemy. I did apologize."
"Peace offering." Stacy slides half of her muffin across the table, "Eat up and let's get out of here."
"Where are we going?"
"Clothes shopping. I need new outfits for my shows. That and a few normal things."
"Your online sex shows?"
"Sister of the Traveling Panties. I'm making a sequel."
Amber snorts hiding her expression. She lifts the muffin up and takes a bite to show Stacy respect. Once devoured Stacy slaps the table, "Pay the tab with your tips. Least you owe me. Let's strut Slut."
Hopping up Stacy leaves Amber digging in her purse to pay the check and leave her fellow waitress Gina a tip. Catching up with Stacy outside she realizes Stacy had no clue where she was going.
"I know a few cute places for seductive outfits."
"Yeah? Couldn't tell by what you're wearing." Stacy eyes Ambers jean skirt and plaid button down shirt tucked inside it.
"Cowgirl at heart."
"Met a few of those recently. Ate one in the library."
"Really? Wow! That sounds exciting."
"Don't get all wet on me. I'm not touching anything on your person after my brother had it." Stacy fidgets again eying the girl, "Well maybe. It's early."
"You're so bold and to the point. I love it."
"Lead the way Pansy Mae."
"My car is over here." She points at a white Toyota Rav4 with a license plate that said FAV4.
Stacy follows her and checks it out as they arrive. "Do yourself a favor. Get a better vanity plate."
"You figured out it's meaning. Most people assume it's my favorite 4 a number of reasons." She giggles.
"Just plain sad. I should have crushed your roof instead of Xander's that night at the hotel."
"I bought it after that night. Well, my dad bought it. Graduation gift a year late. He was out of work at the time. Better late than never."
"Says the Apache doing a war dance on it's roof later."
"I hope not."
"If I do you're joining me."
"Please don't. I like my car."
"Drive bitch."
Unlocking the doors, both beauties get inside and buckle up. As Amber starts the engine she leers right to look at Stacy. "We should do a show together sometime."
Stacy cocks a sneering eyebrow at the blond, "You don't have it in you Pansy."
"I fucked your brother in the bathroom of my job. Not rubbing it in, just saying."
"If it'd been on his table I might have faith in you."
"I'm open to the idea. Well...not with your brother again."
Stacy studies her reaction, "Drive me home."
"We're not going shopping?"
"Grabbing my laptop and webcam. Let's do it. I need to humiliate you Pansy."
"Humiliate me?" Amber flares her eyes and accepts her fate, "Okay."
"Do me a FAV4...DRIVE." Stacy points the way. Amber set the car in motion. For some reason she couldn't stop smiling. Even when Stacy flipped her off. At every single stoplight, every stop sign. Every bus in the way. It was pretty humorous.
Arriving at Griffin's home Stacy grit her teeth. Bree was outside mowing the yard. Bad timing but not enough to make Amber drive on.
"Is that your brother's fiancée? She's pretty."
"Stay here. Don't go apologizing to her or I'll dance on you instead of this rigs roof. I don't want your emotions tipping her off. If she introduces herself say you're Uber or something." Stacy leaps out of the SUV and crosses in front of Bree. Flipping her both birds Bree merely shook her head and kept on grooming their yard. Amber forced herself to look the other way feeling miserable. Luckily, it only took Stacy less than ten minutes to return. This time she had changed clothes. Her outfit was now a white shoulder less top that barely hung aloft. A crème colored micro mini skirt left little to the imagination.
"Nice outfit." Amber bulged her eyes, her smile thin, and impressed.
As Stacy winced her way she said, "You're getting an outfit like this. My treat. You paid for breakfast. I got lunch." As the girls sit idle a bit too long they jump as a rap on the window divides their attention. "Shit." Stacy barely mumbles rolling her window down, "What do you want Carrot Top?"
"Who's your friend?"
"This cunt? So not my friend. Why you being nosey?"
"I'm bored and tired of mowing. I feel like getting out of the house. Room in there for me?"
As Amber turns pale, Stacy chuckles, "Sure. Go change your sweaty ass. We'll be right here waiting."
"You're going to leave when I turn my back aren't you?" Bree frowns.
"Naaaa! Hurry it up. Puts some deodorant on." A wave of her hand over her nose makes Bree flip her off just as Stacy had done her earlier. Bree turns away and walks toward the house. Stopping at the door she looks back expecting the car to squeal away. Still there. Bree hurried inside and changed. Returning in a maroon tank top and white shorts she hops in back.
"Hi, I'm Bree." She reaches forward and offers a handshake. It was then that Amber noticed the diamond engagement ring on her finger.
"Hi Bree. I'm Amber. Love the bling."
"Thanks. How do you know Stacy?"
"She's my FAV4rite pussy licker. If you're nice I'll lend her out to you later."
"She's just putting on an act Amber."
"Am I?" Stacy glares at Amber who turned her air conditioning up to avoid the extra sweat. "DRIVE CITY LICKER." Amber swallowed and once again accepted her future. Putting the car in drive she drove away from the curb. After talking about where to go they decide upon the most unorthodox place Stacy could ever consider.
"Wrangler Gene's? Seriously?" Bree sits forward her elbows between both front bucket seats.
"We're stopping at Good Will and going hunting first. Then we can hit up Wrangler Bob's."
"Gene's." Bree emphasizes Stacy's intentional mistake.
"Bob's genes whatever. Hickville, U.S.A.! Damn Bitch, you forget those armpits?"
"Stop it this instant. I used my roll on before I left. If I had, had more time I'd have showered. I wasn't mowing more than ten minutes before you two drove up so I don't reek."
"She's so gullible." Stacy scowls at Amber.
"Why are we going to Wrangler Gene's?" Bree continues.
""To buy you a saddle."
"I don't own a horse."
"Like I said...gullible."
"Run while you can Amber. She's nothing but trouble." Bree frowns brushing her hand over the girls shoulder.
"I'M TROUBLE?" Stacy chuckles using her thumb to point at Amber. Amber knew where the Apache's thoughts were going. It made her want to laugh and cry at the same time. She was being punished for her past misdeed. Maybe she deserved it. Maybe even a glutton for punishment.
"You had your chance. Let's go shopping. I need a cute pair of boots." Bree opens her door and steps out. Amber and Stacy join her in their own playful way of deadly eye contact. Stacy went so far as to stick her tongue out at the blond. All Amber could muster was a deep breath. This was going to go very badly. The question is...for whom?
After a less than eventful stop at a cheap clothing outlet for those less fortunate, minor shirts and shorts added to Stacy's attire. Amber finding nothing, made the drive to a country western store on the outskirts of Denver. A seedy looking place that from the exterior looked like an old rundown warehouse with a cantina style front porch. Outside were of all things a fake horse with it's reins tied to a hitching post, complete with a saddle used as a prop.
"We're seriously going into this dump?" Bree winced leaning over Stacy's shoulder.
"She has expensive tastes." Stacy rolls her eyes, "Places like this always have hidden treasures."
Bree felt like being annoying, "Maybe this is where they're hiding the treasure of the Sierra Madre."
"Or, your corpse if you don't shut the hell up."
"Let's at least go in and take a look. I've heard the owner is an old blind Cowboy." Amber softly reveals a rumor.
"Wrangler Gene himself?" Stacy chuckles, "Maybe that's why his horse got all petrified out here. He forgot where he put him."
"Wait! THE Wrangler Gene?" Bree recalls a childhood memory, "My Grandfather used to pal around with a Wrangler Gene when they were teenagers. B-movie star in the 50's, alongside John Wayne."
"No shit? Maybe Gene is stuffed like those Indian cigar carvings. Here Cowpoke have a smoke. Send up a mixed signal."
"You and your silly Indian references. Let's go inside, I want to know if he remembers my Grandfather."
"If he remembers the Alamo he'll remember...who are we talking about?" Stacy loved chiding her future sister-in-law. Well, future uncertain sister-in-law. With Stacy's brother Griffin being the player he is, that might not happen. Of course, Bree was not such an angel a few weeks back when Xander... "Shit! Stop thinking about Xander Coyne. Fuck that bastard, leaving me alone..." Stacy grit her teeth, "Who needs him anyway? Not this fuckin' hot ass Apache. His loss." With a snarl the Puma left the car.
"She okay?" Amber expressed a hint of worry.
"Never okay, just tolerable. Her so not Man is going away on a Archeological dig somewhere in the mountains for a month. She won't admit it but she has feelings for the guy."
"Wow! The Puma has feelings?"
"I know right? You should meet her brother. Even worse, until I tamed him." Bree was making a fool of herself. Amber left the car before any more talk of Griffin might channel her apologetic needs. Bree merely shrugged at the evasiveness of the new girl. Joining them at a distance Bree notes another interesting feature. A van in the parking lot had the words, "Commercial Success" painted on the side.
"Ohhh lord. Please don't let Stacy see the van. They film commercials for businesses."
"What's wrong with that?" Amber paused then turned pale, "Oh!"
"You know what Stacy does for a living?"
"I've heard rumblings."
"If you've heard those I'd look for the avalanche."
"Are we going to be humiliated?"
"I'm used to it." Bree frowned, "I gave you the chance to run."
"I'm fine. So, you're recently engaged?"
"Not recently as in just yesterday. Griffin and I have been together over a year. He proposed three months later." She shares her diamond engagement ring any chance she gets. Having seen it once already made Amber edgy. "How about you Amber? Hot man in your life?"
"No one special. I date some but, nobody catches my eye long."
"You're young you've got all the time in the world."
"Yeah! My mom tells me that too."
"Oh! Am I sounding motherly? I'm sorry."
"No you're alright. Why is Stacy looking at that fake horse?"
"Her mind is always working. Looking for the next big sex show. If I didn't know her I'd run away myself. Again, you've been warned. Don't let her drag you down a dark and disturbing road."
"Would I sound horrible if I said I find her...career very sexy?"
"Is that what you call her occupation? What I've seen her get away with should have had her locked up long ago. Griffin...her brother is a Denver Cop. I'm in Dispatch. We keep her out of harms way when we can."
"I've seen."
"You have?"
"I was at a Hotel she put a show on at. Watching her work it was amazing. She totally trashed the roof of an SUV...oh, that was her Xander. Wow! I hope he had good insurance. Anyway a cop was called, I think I've actually seen your Griffin. He and Stacy bickered then he left. Any other cop might have run her in."
"I recall that night. So what did you think of my stud muffin?"
"Superhot. You're lucky."
"I am aren't I?" Bree fans her diamond in front of her eyes. A sparkle between ring and her gaze were shared.
"She's going inside. We better catch up." Amber grabbed Bree by the arm and forced her to hurry up. That, and to avoid further ring showings. This day was going to haunt poor Amber for weeks.
Inside the store, Stacy Puma explored her surroundings. From the outside, the place certainly needed a makeover. On the inside though, the store came alive. Everything you could imagine from cowboy clothing, to belt buckles, to fake animal pelts, even a damned teepee was set up as a showroom prop. If she saw a fake tribe the Puma was gonna start clawing eyes out.
"Another mechanical bull like the one Xander and I...DAMMIT!" Stacy grit her teeth and turned away. Not many people were shopping here, the store seemed dead as an Undertaker's guest room. Not even an employee in sight. She could rip the joint off and walk right on out, multiple times. Not much too choose from concerning guys to tease. In her prowling nature she discovered the old man Gene himself sitting behind the front counter, wearing dark sunglasses. Maybe old Gene was really blind. With a nod toward Bree the dispatcher was dispatched. Abandoning Amber, Bree literally skipped up to the counter.
"Are you THE Wrangler Gene? The TV actor?"
"That would be me. Need me to autograph your ass?"
"Oh my! I don't think my man would like that. Do you recall a childhood friend by the name of Del Kirkpatrick? He's my grandfather."
"Del Kirkpatrick? No shit? I remember that old fart. He used to steal my sarsaparilla."
"He does love root beer. He retired to Arizona last year. Better for his asthma the doctors told him."
"Oxygen tank. I can relate." Gene pats the tank next to him, an unworn hose dangling about his neck.
"So sad. Would you like to talk with Grampa Del for old times sake? I can call him real fast. I'm sure he's just playing spades with Gramma Ginger."
"Ginger Sweeney?"
"You know her too?"
"Used to tap that Filly back in my hey day. So, ole Del stole her from me too."
"Ouch! I...I'm sorry."
"Don't be. I married a gal name of Cindy. I stole her from Del." He chuckles.
"Well then." Bree giggles, "I guess you're even. I notice there's a commercial photography crew outside. Are we in the way of filming?"
"Nope! That's my grandson's idea. He wants to bring in business before I retire. If he doesn't kill me first. He's upstairs in the loft figuring out what we need to do. Personally? Waste of time, ain't nobody cares about this rat infested...well not rat infested. Does have termites though."
"That's such a shame."
"Days are numbered. For me and this fire trap. You said we?"
"Yes. My girlfriends are looking for clothing."
"Not you?"
"Oh, I plan on buying me some cute boots. The Puma will find something I'm sure."
A voice over them clears his throat. "Did you say the Puma?"
"That's the camera guy up there with my nosey grandson. Looks like they're both nosey."
Down a staircase flew a young man eagerly looking about. Locating Stacy trying on a blouse while topless the man grits his teeth and darts his gaze toward Bree. "It is her."
"You know Stacy?" Bree is taken back.
"ApacheSlut. Every guy in Denver knows about her." He turns a 360 in step trying to calm himself. Above looking over the lofts railing was younger Gene, Jr. Jr. Tipping his cowboy hat the grandson chuckles.
"Damn if it isn't the Puma. Go see if she wants to be in a commercial."
"Would you talk to her for us?" The cameraman Joel Turtlebaum nervously fidgeted.
"Ask her yourself." Bree narrowed her eyes suspiciously, "Are you paying her?"
"We could pay her in clothes." Gene Jr. Jr. shrugged.
"What's all this ApacheSlut talk?" Gene senior twitched looking to spit his chew into a cup. It hit the floor instead. "Who's paying for the clothes you're paying her with. THAT WOULD BE ME."
"Pornstar Gramps."
"Oh, well that changes everything. Pornstar's got money. She can buy her own clothes." Blind Gene shakes his head. Bree tended to agree. Cameraman Joel eyed Bree rubbing his chin, "Little flat but you might be a decent Ranger in my commercial."
"Flat?" Bree was taken back just as she followed his eyes to her chest. Scowling she grumbles, "They're not that flat. Why are you staring at my boobs? Wait! Ranger? What?"
"Lone Ranger type, mask and all." Gene Jr. Jr. brought down a vintage Lone Ranger blinder with eyes. Showing it to her made Bree soften up.
"You can ride my knee and say Hi Ho Silver." Older Gene cackled patting his kneecap.
"You want me to be in a commercial?"
"With ApacheSlut. Who's the blond?" Joel asked whistling under his breath as he noted Amber holding up a pair of riding chaps, laughing at their crotch less nature. Puma telling her to try them on. As Amber took a deep breath they all spotted her remove her skirt and go down to only a slingshot G-string. Trying on the chaps only made her sexier still.
"Oh for crying out loud. I'll be back Gene." Bree pivoted in step and marched back to Stacy and Amber. "You two do realize you're being watched by...well two out of three men. See the short guy with glasses? He's the guy here filming a commercial. They know you're ApacheSlut."
"My adoring fans? I love those chaps. I say we both buy a pair and paint the town in war paint." Stacy ignores Bree to favor of trying on a pair of chaps herself. Stacy however was not wearing panties at all. The men got a magnificent look of her great divide. Both sides of the Rio Grande. Finally, as if impatient Joel Turtlebaum stalked the Puma from the side, hiding behind a spindle of clothing. Ignoring him even as Bree notices Joel sweating up a storm, Stacy spotted something that made her whoop, "OH FUCK NO!"
Marching through the store wearing her chaps and an unbuttoned western shirt Stacy passed directly in front of both Gene's. Awe on the face of the young grandson, a sly grin on the stubbled face of the elder. He heard footsteps, angry ones.
"Somethin' smells good." Blind Gene chuckled, "It lunch time yet?"
Younger Gene followed Stacy across the lengthy store to the one thing that thoroughly pissed off the Apache. In awe of a full size teepee camp site complete with wax Indians sitting around it smoking a peace pipe she snaps, "WE BURN THE PLACE DOWN."
"Whoaaaa!" Gene Jr. Jr. tried to calm her from a distance, "Let's not get all arsonist on us. What's wrong with our tribute to the locals?"
"Locals? We owned this place long before you White Guy."
Bree intervened stepping between the two before Stacy punched Gene. "Need I remind you that your Mother is white, Princess?"
"Oh, rub it in Ginger." Stacy threatened her with a fist.
Old Gene rallies laughing, "GINGER? I KNEW A GINGER ONCE."
"Don't mind Gramps. He's got Alzimmers." Pronounced just as Gene Jr. said it.
"He seemed so..." Bree hesitated to feel bad for Blind Gene, "He knows my family."
"Can y'all calm down and discuss business Miss Slut? ApacheSlut that is." Gene grew nervous himself
"So you jerk off on your horse watching my cam shows?" Stacy laughed abruptly then sneered at him just as fast.
"You! Chill out." Bree pointed directly at Stacy's face.
"You know I'll break that finger."
Swiftly retreating Bree put up both hands defensively, "Just calm down. I think the teepee looks neat."
"You would. Maybe I'll wipe my ass on that teepee and save the Angel Soft."
While Stacy snarled and battled Gene Jr. Jr. over history lessons, further across the store Joel Turtlebaum communicated with Amber, finding her less of a threat.
"You look good in those chaps."
"Thanks. I feel silly but I'm just trying to fit in with the Puma."
"How would you like to be in our commercial?"
"Dressed like this?"
"Well, not from a business perspective. I can barter a counter offer though. Gene Jr. there knows of ApacheSlut too, so maybe I can get you a show here in return for filming a commercial."
"That's up to Stacy. I'm just a tagalong."
"Tagalong Cassidy?" Joel laughs with a snort.
"Cassidy? My name is Amber."
"Sorry. I couldn't resist. There was a classic western called Hopalong Cassidy."
"Ohhhh! Yeah, anyway. I'm just here for clothes. If you want her I suggest you talk to her."
"I REALLY WANT HER." Joel chuckles, "Are you single?" He moved fast.
"Not looking." A lie but so not interested in Joel.
"Gotcha. You can still be in the commercial if you want."
"If she agrees, I'll follow. Sounds fun."
"We will make it fun. Nice G-string by the way. Tiny." He winks creeping her out a bit.
"It hides just enough."
Realizing Stacy and Bree were returning Joel poised himself with an extended hand of friendship, "Ms. Puma? Joel Turtlebaum, it's a pleasure."
"Glad you know me, now use that hand on something more thrilled to see you."
Lowering his palm he sighs, "I love your attitude, brutal."
"You haven't heard anything yet Bitch."
"Did Gene discuss business with you?"
"Not interested."
"I can sweeten the deal."
"You got a million dollars?"
"Well, no, not on me. But, I can be of service in future shows. Have you thought of moving into porn?"
"Isn't that what I've been doing?"
"On a less profitable scale yes. Do you want to maintain your private cam shows when I can extend your reach to a more favorable market?"
Stacy winces at Joel realizing that was exactly what she and her Hispanic entourage was trying to do with video camcorders. This guy had his own business, likely with a steady hand behind the camera. Something to consider.
"I'll sleep on it. Give me a card."
Joel swiftly removes his wallet and passes off his business card. She no more than pocketed the card inside a shirt she didn't even own, when Bree tapped her shoulder. Looking back Stacy shook her head, "If it isn't the Boned Ranger. Better buy you a silver bullet Ho. I ain't touching your snatch."
"Did I ask you too? You're such a bitch."
"What are you grinning about Blondie?" Stacy eyes Amber.
"I know you want to take their deal. Turtle here says you can perform a show here in return for making a commercial to benefit the store."
"True that." Gene Jr. Jr. added, "Anything you need I'll find it."
"Actors. Find me the buffest cowboys in Denver that aren't shy or gay."
"So, we have a deal?"
"Reap the rewards I say. I get my pick of clothes too. Free of charge."
"Done."
"I'M THE ONE PAYING FOR THOSE CLOTHES. UNLESS YOU FORGOT THAT JUNIOR JUNIOR."
"Quiet down Gramps. I got this." Gene tilts his cowboy hat, "I'll make calls. I have friends." Gene steps away and puts his cellphone to use.
"You do that. I'm setting up my laptop to let my peeps know a show is coming. Boned Ranger? You ride on out to Blondie's car and get my peter 'puter."
"I'm not your slave."
"I'm getting you free boots."
"Be right back." Bree took the hint.
"Might wanna unlock your ride, or the bitch will come crying."
"I'm not dressed..." Amber shivers at Stacy's scowl, "Guess I should get used to it."
"Damn straight Protégé. Matter of fact go all the way out to your car and unlock it with the key, not the remote."
"On it." Wiggling away Stacy watches her pale ass cheeks dancing. So did Joel. So did Gene. So did Elder...no he was swatting at flies.
"Alright! Now that they're gone let's talk turkey. I do whatever I fucking want nobody stops me with CUT or TRY THAT AGAIN. No SCENE TWO shit Turtlewax."
"Turtlebaum."
"I bet you have troubles getting off your back don't you?"
"What?" Joel chuckles, "Ride me and let's find out."
"Skinny fucker like you? SHELL NO!"
"God I love your spirit."
"Generations of family in me flipping you off all at once, Walking Small."
"You shop, I'll go get my cameras from the van." He left excitedly, almost dancing in step.
Ignoring Joel, Stacy had a moment alone to think. Not long ago another man volunteered his camera skills too. She hadn't even gotten in touch with him. Was she ready to go big time? Her private cam shows had so much to offer her viewers. Her risk taking was an allure to them. Going big time seemed so scripted. Of course, she could still do both. Yeah, both seemed doable. Best of both worlds right?
"Dammit Xander." Where did that come from?
Across town...
Xander Coyne was packing his gear for the Archaeological dig site adventure. Deciding on clothing, knowing it would be hot during the day, and cool at night in the mountains, he didn't hear an unexpected arrival.
"Proud of ya Brother." Behind him leaning on the door threshold stood a hulking bearded man with a jolly belly.
"Oh, hey Fergus. For such a big fella you're sneaky."
"Naaa! Creaky flooring every step, you're just lost in Jurassic Park."
"I guess I am zoning out."
"Thinking of your Indian gal?"
"A little. Waiting on my Instructor to skype with me. Final details on where to meet the bus and the scheduling."
"Pack mules on their own schedule you mean. Gonna need donkey's to get out there where you're going. I'd be bored, off or on my ass."
"You have such a way with words." Xander chuckled.
"I ever tell you I had a run in with an Indian girl at a convenient store on my way home one night? Lil' redhead too. Both streaking. Fine as hell too."
"No you didn't." Xander pauses then digs for his cell from his pants pocket. Looking up a photo of Stacy he shows it at arms length, "Bet a hundred bucks that's her."
Fergus moves into the room with narrowed eyes for a closer look. Removing eye glasses from his shirt collar he puts them on in order to see properly. "Well I'll be. That is her. So without knowing it I met your girlyfriend."
"I wouldn't call her my girlfriend. I mean...I don't know what to call her. Slut is the only word that comes to mind." As he fidgets over his attachment his laptop pings on his desk. "That's probably my Instructor. Hang on Ferg." Sitting down in his desk chair Xander accepts the skype call only to be caught off guard by a full moon. Fergus took interest immediately.
"Ummm!" Xander awkwardly laughs, "Hey Maria."
"Are you ready to keep this company on those cold nights out in the wilderness?" She says as her bare ass was the only thing up on the monitor. Prying her cheeks wide for a breathtaking view of her butt pucker and a hairy clam that glistened.
"Absolutely. Ummm! Maria? My brother's here with me."
In a blur Maria Sonoma darts out of the camera and returns wearing a t-shirt snug over her rather voluptuous breasts, nipples stabbing the material. "I was not expecting another set of eyes. I hope I didn't offend your brother."
Fergus leans over Xander's shoulder winking, "I wouldn't say offended. Howdy Teach. I'm Fergus."
"Hello Fergus. It's nice to meet you."
"Don't be modest on my account."
"Alright." She smirks then removes her shirt to let them both see her massive, yet perfect tits, nipples dark and smaller than expected.
"Now I'm hungry for tacos." Fergus sighs.
Xander pelts his brother with a knuckle, "Don't be disrespectful."
"None taken Fergus. I hope you like what you see. I know your brother does."
"Sporting wood Chica. Hell, I might join you out there in Dino Forge."
Maria smiles and lifts her left tit up to roll her tongue around her areola, "If I had room I would allow that. Small tents I'm afraid."
"We can make Xander here sleep outside."
"I'll keep that under consideration."
"Privacy Brother?" Xander nods at Fergus. With a salute Fergus leaves with a wink. Maria shyly waves goodbye. As Xander's bedroom door closes he chuckles, "I just know I'm gonna walk out there and catch him beating off."
"Glad I could help. I miss you Xander."
"Only two days until we head out. I have a few things I need to do before I go. Are you positive our affair won't get you in trouble with the school?"
"No. It just got easier. Cordell just found out he had a blood clot in his left lung. Doctors advised him not to do anything stressful for at least three weeks so he's bowed out. I am now in full charge of the dig. My students can dig their way, you can dig my way." She playfully kisses her monitor.
"Nice. Sorry for Professor Proctor though. Poor guy."
"I must seem selfish."
"You have needs. I'm gonna keep that pussy busy."
"As long as we still do our jobs, I'm all yours Xander Coyne."
"Can't wait." He accidently touches his cell and Stacy's photo lights up. His eyes dart between the two beauties. Exhaling loudly, he turns his cell over and stands up to drop his sweats. "Workout time." Dick in hand before Maria, she coos and lays back on her bed to masturbate. As Xander jerks off he tilts his gaze toward the ceiling.
"Dammit Stacy." Where did that come from?
Funny thing was it was a joint effort. Stacy Puma had just said the same thing using his name. The timing would never be factual, but it happened. Their bond was stronger than either of them cared to admit.
Maria was here and now.
Back at Wrangler Gene's...
Returning from her car Amber shivered at the fact that she had just stepped outside in crotch less chaps and her G-string. Beside her Bree had the giggles feeling Amber's thrill just the same. Being a Police Dispatcher Bree worried about her own reputation, but had to admit it was fun to get away with certain freedoms that really weren't legal. Of course, the girl was still covered so technically no laws were broken, yet.
"I thought I was going to pee my thong." Amber flared her eyes.
"I warned you that Stacy would get you into trouble."
"I didn't get in trouble though."
"The day is young. So are you."
"I guess." Again, that gnawing desire to apologize for fucking Bree's man ate at the blonde's soul. Bree might be correct. The day was young. Her guilt might still rally toward a confession. For now Amber bit her tongue.
"Crap! Stacy's totally nude already." Bree grit her teeth.
"Nobody's in the store now." Amber shrugged, "Does it matter?"
"Just my nerves. Working for the DPD does that to a girl."
"That's DP'D." Stacy overheard them as they closed in on her. "She likes doubling up on stakeouts."
"Dispatch, not an actual cop." Bree scowls at her.
"Give me my laptop Bitch."
"Here I DISPATCHED IT." Bree chuckles as Stacy snatches it away and takes it up to the front counter for a level surface. Moving behind the counter Stacy without asking just sits in Elder Gene's lap, the blind man embracing her with a sly grin.
"STACYYYYYY!" Bree panicked at her intrusion over Gene Sr. "I'm sorry Gene. She doesn't think before she acts."
"Obviously, he's thinking." Stacy rolls her eyes, "I hear a bugle charge coming out of his pants."
Gene Jr. Jr. coming downstairs behind them laughs at her sitting on his Grampa's lap, and his expression was pure lust. The fact Stacy was totally nude made even Junior pat his crotch to settle down the incoming cavalry.
"Just as sexy as online ApacheSlut." Gene eyed her breasts. Stacy merely flipped him off as she created her chatroom and appropriated a fanbase. "I made those calls and I have three friends dropping over to help make the commercial. They all workout at Bold's Gym."
"Gold's with less equipment." Bree snickers.
"As if you've been to a gym Olive Oil." Stacy shakes her head without so much as a glance. Moving in behind the girls, Joel Turtlebaum carried in a tripod and a large case containing camera equipment. Observing Amber's bare bottom he nearly tripped. The blond had that perfect heart shaped ass that needed an arrow through it. A dull blunt flesh colored arrow Joel chuckled under his breath. He suddenly had the hots for Amber more so than Stacy. Stacy he knew was beyond taming. She was pure wilderness tail.
"Amber right?" Joel caught her attention, "Mind helping me set up the tripod, while I unpack the camera?"
"Sure." She plucked the camera stand from him and easily set it up, almost as if she had done it a hundred times.
"Impressive." He watches her, "I mean how quickly you set that up...not your...I mean that's impressive too...I'll shut up now."
Joel was meek and not exactly handsome but he wasn't fugly either. She merely blushed and replied with, "My Dad runs a photography studio. I've modelled for him too. I bet I could even run your camera."
"Esmerelda? Nobody touches my girl." He winks as he unpacks a new looking camera.
"You name your camera?"
"Don't you have names for things?"
"Well, yeah I do actually. My dildo is named Team Jacob."
"Twilight fan? Ouch. I guess you prefer those Indian studs." Hearing his comment her eyes bulge just as Bree leers over her shoulder.
"I know I do. I have an Apache stud at home. Stacy's brother." She pats Amber on the butt, "You should meet Griffin in person after you drop us back home."
"I...if I have time." Amber froze with a panicked expression.
"Show's starting Bitches." Stacy called out wiggling her ass over Elder Gene's lap. He had been getting a tad handsy with her hips during her stay. Gene Jr. Jr. tried not to laugh, knowing his Gramps would have his face plastered online shortly. Perfect promotional for the store he thought in a naïve younger mentality. Gene Jr. Jr. might even tack up posters of Stacy wearing western gear in erotic poses if she was into that. The range was wide open.
"The guys aren't here yet." Gene Jr. Jr. looked puzzled.
"Bree! Get your skinny ass over here." Wincing at Stacy's outburst Bree shuffled around the counter and stood beside Stacy who explained her chatroom money maker system. All while Gene Sr. overheard the game plan. Just happy to have a young lady in his lap gave him a cheesy grin. Now with Bree bent forward leaning on the counter beside Stacy the old man made a secondary move. Feeling about blindly his right hand slipped under Bree's shorts and began rubbing her butt. Eyes bulging Bree pointed behind her with a whiney look. Stacy rolling her eyes grabbed Bree's chin and forced her gaze on the laptop. Bree pouted but let her Grandfather's old friend roam her lily white bottom.
"When a viewer pings in with OBEY ME SLUT you type their name in the room and say HIT ME BITCH. Tell me what they want and I'll get it done."
"Simple enough." Bree nods then cringes a bit before whispering, "His fingers just went under my panties."
"Gramps doesn't like granny panties any more than the rest of the world. Live with it."
"I HATE YOU." She sneers.
"I know." Stacy licks Bree on the cheek then spits. Bree dropped her face into her forearms to hide her embarrassment. In leaving Gene Sr. Stacy leaned in to mumble, "She wants you to finger her." That gave Gene Sr. a chuckle. Before Stacy even made it around the corner Bree yelped and dropped her jaw at Stacy. Stacy pointed with an unblinking gaze. "MAN THE LAPTOP. Both of them." Bree wanted to kill her future sister-in-law. Gene Sr. soon found Bree respectfully removing his fingers from her shorts, plopping her ass on his lap to keep him from pawing her up. As if that was going to help.
"ACTION BITCH." Stacy prowled toward Amber who immediately had a panic attack. Joel hadn't even got his camera ready. Storming Amber, the Puma yanked the blond up close and kissed her dead on the lips. The blond adapted and actually found the savage kiss stimulating. Joel quickly turned his camera on to capture the event.
During the make out session Bree heard multiple pings, but in her evading of Gene's hands wasn't certain which one was first. All she noticed was the money counter rolling heavily, webcam primed on the counter recording the girls kissing, hands roaming all over one another. In a bold move Stacy ripped Amber's button down shirt open, buttons flying in all directions. The girl squealed as her breasts burst into the open. Glaring evilly at Stacy, Amber ripped the shirt from her body then struck back kissing her even harder. Pulling hair both girls seemed to becoming violent. That created more pings. Bree was mesmerized until Stacy pulled away from Amber long enough to yell at Bree. "WHAT DO THEY WANT?"
"Ooooo! Sorry." Bree swatted Gene's hands from squeezing her tits. "Derelicked32 wants you to 69 Amber."
"How are we doing that?" Amber fizzled in her fury.
"Giddy up Bitch." Stacy bent her knees just enough to grab Amber between her legs and yank her G-string up between the blonde's pussy lips. She let out a wail of surprise just as Stacy dug sharp nails into the strings. Tearing the micro band it severed with a bit of pressure tugging. Crouching the Puma used her teeth to rip the G-string viciously until it ripped apart. Amber stood in stark terror as her G-string was pulled between her labia creating a sensation she really liked. Who knew a woman lover could prove so interesting. Amber's first was here and now.
Joel maintained a steady focus even though his own hormones were crying to jerk off. The hot girls in front of him were amazing. Capturing Amber's reaction as Puma savagely ripped her head from side to side, up and down to make certain Amber's clit got a good thrashing, an exhaled howl of pleasure said Stacy did her job well. Finally, the G-string escaped the blonde's pink recesses. Before the girl could recover Stacy proved just how tough she was, with powerful limbs the Puma literally lifted Amber off of her feet and forcibly turned the shrieking girl upside down until their bodies were facing one another. Positioning Amber perfectly Stacy buried her mouth into pink deliciousness, stepping closer to the webcam for her viewers to see her tearing Amber up. Below her feasting Amber tried her best to share in the thrill and licked at Stacy's cunt. With an assist from Gene Jr. Jr. he lowered the webcam to reveal Amber's dinner plate. The computer was going wild.
Of course, Bree was distracted by dealing with a cackling Gene Sr. whose mitts were getting a little too intrusive for her comfort zone. Eying the redheads predicament as she yelps, "HE UNHOOKED MY BRA." Stacy halted her dipping tongue, having been burrowed inside Amber.
"STOP FUSSING HAG. WHAT ARE THEY WANTING? TIME IS MONEY." Stacy maintained her course, laughing inside at Bree's squirming. She was having fun watching her brother's fiancée trying to keep her cool under pressure. Fanning herself Bree reads the monitor.
"Ride the blonde's face."
In a careful roll forward Amber slid to the carpeting and lay on her back. Winded from her own eating of Stacy she barely had time for air intake before Stacy smothered the girls entire facial features. Gyrating over Amber's mouth her wetness drowned Amber. While sitting proudly with an upright smugness the Puma folded her arms as if a valiant and proud Indian chief. Smirking at the camera she took things one step further. Utilizing her feather clipped to her raven hair Stacy tickled Amber with it, watching the girl wiggle about under her. Keeping it up Amber literally peed on the carpet. Gene Jr. Jr. scowled at the stain, it meant shampooing the rug.
"Who took a whiz?" Gene Sr. sniffed the air. Before his grandson could let him know Bree squealed, "I did. Sorry." She wanted to cry but stayed for Stacy. Chuckling Gene Senior added, "Take those soggy bottoms off." Bree wasn't going that far, his lap was just going to have to feel the heat.
"Username Fuzznuzzler requests the blond switch places with you now."
Stacy rolled her juices all across Amber's face, just before again showing off her athletic prowess. Clipping her feather back into her hair she arched her back until her palms touched the carpet, then dug her toes into the rug in an awkward march backwards until she could lift her legs into the air into a handstand. Joel and Gene Jr. Jr. huffed at the suspended full backside of beauty. Turning in her stature she faced her target and rolled onto her back comfortably. In her roll Stacy quietly informed Amber, "Follow the leader Skank."
Amber licking her lips of wetness felt exhilarated suddenly. Pussy wasn't so bad. Allowing Stacy time to roll down into a perfect mirror image of Amber's outstretched stance, scalp to scalp, Amber somersaulted upward offering a pleasant surprise at how limber she was. "Cheerleader." She giggled as her cunt dropped right over Stacy's gaping mouth. Now the laptop viewers could see Amber's luscious body in full glory. Lifting her tits to lick her nipples she bounced over Stacy's face. To Stacy's unsettling she recalled that the girl had urinated. Regardless, the show must go on. Tongue savage within her cunt, Amber rode like a rodeo star.
"Amazing." Joel huffed as Gene Jr. Jr. noticed an arrival through the front door. His friends had shown up in record time. Two straight from their gym workout, the other taking time off from work just to see the Apache in person. Even he knew of her reputation. Word was spreading like wildfire in a dry forest.
Bree dealt with elder Gene who was doing his best to wiggle her soggy shorts down her hips, both hips in full view with her panties along for the vacancy. She had one hand on her shorts just to keep them from going too low, her attentions on the monitor pings. It was a losing battle. The Lone Stranger was trying hard not to ride side saddle enough that he would achieve his mischievous goal. Thoughts of her Grandfather being this man's friend made her shiver.
"Wrestle." Bree prompts the OBEY ME SLUT winner Famishedtongue21.
Amber took the cue after nails dug into her ass cheeks hard enough that she screamed, "BITCH." Off she rolled, the Puma had drawn blood. "You're crazy." Amber winced at her bottom's agony. Now blood was on the carpet. Gene Jr. Jr. grit his teeth.
There was no competition in the wrestling battle as Puma easily drew the blond into a breath claiming headlock. In her beet red face Amber whined at her attempted escape going no where. Stacy grinned at the laptop viewers then wagged her tongue at them. It was all about her audience. She hadn't even once looked at Joel's camera. Now might be that time. Winking at Gene Jr. Jr. Stacy goes into theatrics.
"Come on down and wrestle the Puma you pussies. Everything in the store is half off. Except this bitches clothes. They're free to the first four guys to make it down to Wrangler Gene's before our show is over. Ain't that right Wrangler Gene Jr. Jr.?"
Gene Jr. Jr. stepped into the camera and put on his game face, tilting his cowboy hat and yelling, "YEEHAWWWW! That's right. Come on down and get stocked up for the cattle drive. Everything a true Cowboy could ever need, camping gear, warm clothes, hunting gear, you name it. Get an autograph from Purrrrrrrrrrdy Miss Puma and her friends Chesty Lookmore and the Red Wrangler."
Hearing Red, Bree in her Lone Ranger mask snatches up the webcam and points it at herself with a finger gun poise, blowing at the invisible gun smoke off her index barrel, "That's me."
"I'm the real Wrangler Gene. I sign autographs too." Senior wags his brows looking over Bree's shoulder, he had gotten Bree's shorts down to her upper thighs the second she lifted her weight to snatch the webcam. Restaging the webcam to train it back on Stacy and Amber, Bree gave up and just took her shorts and granny panties off. She was hidden behind the counter anyway. Air drying herself seemed logical. That is until Gene Sr. grabbed the back of her shirt and sat her back down on his lap. Bree exhaled her frustration, but nestled in.
Gene Jr. Jr. looked behind him at one of his friends and added fuel to the campfire, "Well looky here our first customer. You're a strapping young fella what's your name son?"
"Son? I'm older than you." The cowboy chuckled, "Name's Daltry."
"Howdoo Daltry. What brings you to Wrangler Gene's?"
"Big fan of the Puma. Miss Chesty is a might yummy too."
"I'M YUMMY AS WELL!" Bree belted out with a wave. Daltry merely nodded her way.
"YES YOU ARE." Gene Senior surrounded her chest and fondled Bree's tits, "Even if you do have small boobies."
"SMALL?" Bree pouted and swatted his palms moving beneath her bra for an even better feel.
"FOCUS CUNT." Stacy belted out as Amber slapped the carpet giving up in their wrestling. Stacy licked the blonds face from chin to eyelashes, "Damn I taste good." Still sitting up on Amber's side Stacy flexed her muscles for the cameras.
"So...Daltry looking for anything in particular? Besides a Puma pelt for your mancave."
Daltry rubbed his chin for a dramatic thought, "You sell lariats?"
"Do we sell lariats? Why yes we do. Nothing but the finest, strongest, braided roping gear you can buy." A loop of tied rope swings in from behind Stacy surrounding her upper body and arms, tightening until she finds herself trapped and snarling. A well staged scene coming out of Gene Jr. Jr.'s handbook caught the Puma off guard. One of the other men cast a cheesy grin and drags Stacy from Amber's body into an unexpected topple to her side. Swooping in the cowboy took the rest of the rope and bound Stacy's feet together as if calf roping. Sure, her calves were encircled. Positioned just right Stacy was allowed to look up at her audience via webcam.
"Better get down here to Wrangler Gene's before these ropes come off. I'm helpless to your intentions for a short time only."
"COME ON DOWN." Amber belts out wiping her face on her wrist laughing.
"COME ON IN." Bree yelped. She found it funny too. Even with Gene Senior pinching her nipples. Bree had come to terms she was not escaping the situation without pissing Stacy off. Even being old as dirt Gene Senior was arousing her. Griffin who? He couldn't go much further anyways right? A very timid erection under her said she was safe. Unless he had blue pill handy.
Ping after ping drew Bree back to reality, "TIE THE BLOND UP TOO."
Amber's eyes bulged as the third Cowboy moves in behind her and wraps her tight. Using lengths of the rope to encircle her tits in a looping figure eight until they became tightly constricted and shiny. "Now this is puttin' the ropin' in gropin'." He laughs at the camera then palms Amber's tits jiggling them about. Amber flared her eyes at Stacy who sneered at her playfully.
"Get into it Skank."
Feigning helpless Amber called out as if a Southern Belle, "Mercy me! I have been appreHanded." That busted everybody up. Her play on words was priceless. "Whoa is me." Joel zoomed in on Amber's act with eager anticipation of a furthered performance. She did not disappoint. "Do not hurt me or my Indian Squaw companion. We will do ANYTHING."
"Squaw?" Stacy grimaced, "Oh Bitch...they're the least of your worries."
"Help me." She pled to her assailant. Cowboy Garth as he was called pulled her to his chest and gripped Amber's throat.
"You're safe with me Lil Lady. For a price."
"Name that price." She went on batting her eyes. Amber was getting into it. Being in an old High School's version of Gone With the Wind helped. She was dead on Scarlett O'Hara.
"BJ'S!" Bree called out as the next ping begged OBEY ME SLUTS. Not just singular this time.
Stacy took to her task snapping her teeth and snarling toward her captor Cowboy Trent. Almost afraid to reveal his penis for fear of losing it Trent Calhoun unzipped his fly and dropped a healthy seven inch rodeo star on to Stacy's face. She rolled her face all over his beast before devouring it. Trent tilting his Stetson back grins at both cameras, "Look at Feisty. She's one tough She-Devil." As if trying to ruin his grin she sank her teeth into his girth for only a second then swallowed him whole. Seven inches in her throat was mighty impressive.
To her left Garth Edmonds unleashed his own stallion from the stable bestowing upon her a large meaty seven of his own. Amber seeing it bulged her eyes and yelped, "That is surely a hefty price." Hearing pings going crazy Stacy squinted her eyes. Was this bitch competing with her for more money? It was her money though. Her chatroom, her cash. Keep 'em pinging slut.
With an act of gripping Amber by the back of her head Trent guided her mouth toward his dick. A flail of helplessness Amber took Trent deep into her throat. Between the two naked beauties all trussed up in rope the duel was on. Trent made certain her head was not going to abandon him anytime soon, gripping her scalp snugly and forcing her to strain, gagging for the audience as well as Joel's camera at hand. Garth pretty much did the same but found himself hesitant, Puma had that threatening vibe that kept him from being too rough.
Daltry the boldest by far stripped down to his cowboy hat and boots. Muscles rippling at the camera he moved between the two hogtied beauties and crouched down, his dick dangling in a magnificent seven. Sevens all around. Using his hands as guns he smirks at the cameras and introduced two fingers each into the bent forward Blond, his other hand digging deep into the Puma. The High Noon scenario was off to a fine start. The girls were in tune to everything going on, literally trying to grind up on his sunken digits for the best sensations they could find. An entire group of men wailed, "YEEEEEHAWWWW!" in unison.
Counter bound Bree discovered Gene Sr. was never going to let up on her in her laptop prison. All she could do was wrestle with the old fart as best she could in his own groping. Trying not to be too vocal knowing the viewers could hear her every whine. Bree as troubling as this was feared Stacy yelling at her for distracting her show. If it fit the act she would be okay, anything that made her audience confused meant a bad show. She knew she shouldn't be letting Gene Sr. get away with as much as he was due to her devotion to Stacy's brother Griffin, the love of her life. Yet, giving up seemed to be her only solution. Let him get as handsy as he wanted. She said that until his right hand slid up between her thighs. A clenching of legs trapped his hand just as fingers found clit. Even as Gene's hand was locked tight, fingers were still trying hard. Her eyelids fluttering behind her Ranger mask Bree began to rather enjoy those stimulating arthritic fingers. All she could do was pout and hold her breath, regardless of the loss in counting OBEY ME SLUTS. She was already over a dozen behind.
Puma and Amber Lynn found massive loads filling their throats and braced for further detonations. Offering expressions of passionate hunger they sucked those saddle horns dry. Daltry between them chose a new tactic after pulling out webbed fingers from rather juicy cunts. He literally lifted Amber up and placed her over Puma's back. Amber's legs not tied like Stacy's gave him room to stretch her out better. With the blonde's weight on her Stacy growled, "Diet much?"
"I love this." Amber giggled as her hair blocked their faces from the cameras, "I didn't know this would be so much fun. Thank you for bringing me along."
"Shut the fuck up before I get emotional."
"You show emotion? Noooooooooo!" Amber chuckled just as Daltry rammed his cock inside her cunt. "OHHH SHIT!" That led to yelping excessively into Puma's ear.
"Dammit Skank. We're gonna have a blind cowboy and a deaf Indian, you keep that up." Amber wasn't sorry. After a good twelve thrusts Daltry pulled out, grinning up at Joel who repositioned, for the first time moving past the webcam. Now Stacy's audience of twenty eight viewers knew this was a porno being filmed too. Bree found the revelation to be a mass, "HOW MUCH FOR COPIES OF YOUR PORNO?"
Hearing Bree whimper afterward due to fingers sinking further up into her, Stacy called out "$200 bucks." As if she even had any copies yet. Joel Turtlebaum puckered at the possibilities. He could work with that between jobs. He had the tech. He had the ambition. He had the sexiest slut in Colorado.
"EVERYONE WANTS A COPY." Bree bellows then squeals, her legs gave up and released Gene Sr.'s hand allowing him to finger her properly. She knew an orgasm was brewing on the horizon and just gave in. She would never hide this from Griffin and blame it on Stacy.
"That's my girly." Gene Sr. chuckled. Bree moaned a tad more than expected.
Moving from Amber's cunt, lower and easily penetrating the Puma, Stacy enjoyed her own predicament. This reminded her subtly of the Rez and the bar Wolf Calls, where bondage gave her a sweet gangbang, even if she was high on peyote. Going back there for another show seemed perfect. She might even bring along the Turtle to film it. If her Godfather the Sheriff and proprietor agreed. Money transactions would seal the deal.
Moving back and forth between the bound beauties Daltry Sumner ended his torment with a massive load all over both cunts. His cum trickling from Amber's directly down to puddle up on Stacy's. Joel caught every twitch, every droplet on film.
"WHAT'S NEXT RED RANGER?" Stacy huffed in her contortion. Bree however was laying back in Gene Sr.'s arms convulsing as a dedicated sensation stormed her senses. Without knowing, Stacy bellowed for an answer, "BREEEEEEEEEE!" As soon as Stacy clammed up bitterly she heard her future, possibly, sister-in-law have an eventful orgasm. Her online viewers wondering what was even going on, everyone seemed drawn toward them yet in shock. Especially Gene Jr. Jr.
Untying the girls the Cowboy's helped Amber up and let her regain her circulation. With only her feet untied Stacy leaped to her feet and marched directly over to her webcam and grinned, "Technical difficulties. Hold your horses Cowpokes." Bound arms prevented Stacy from turning her webcam away so the second she left her spot that gave her peeps only Amber. Feeling a boost of confidence the blond leaped up into Cowboy Trent's arms and wrapped her legs about his waist. He in turn chuckled and penetrated Amber for a standing tall sexual dance. Joel swiftly moved in to record Amber's bottom where he could see actual thriving penetration on Trent's part. In and out, in and out. His hands prying the girls cheeks wide for an extravagant view. This was her chance to shine.
Marching around the counter Stacy realized Bree's predicament. Stunned for a moment she concluded that Bree was not necessarily doing this of her free will, yet enjoying it at the same time. Arms restrained by her rope she only had use of her feet and teeth. The trouble was she didn't have it in her to attack an 85 year old toothless cowboy. One wrong move might send him to the ER. Growling into Gene's ear she tried for grace. "I want my turn Cowboy. I'm jealous."
"Busy! Go away." He chuckled.
Bree focused her attention regaining her eye sight after rolling them back into her head. Seeing Stacy she whimpered, "Don't tell Griffin." She was humiliated.
"Little help here Gene Jr. Jr.!" Stacy flared her eyes nodding toward his Grandfather. Shocked by the situation, due to his loss of reality while watching Amber, the grandson bolts around the counter. Reaching in to grab the elders fingering hand he restrained Gramps. In a snarl Stacy bit Bree by the t-shirt and tugged on it to force her to follow. Swatting Gene's hand under her shirt palming her breast she made her jailbreak. Dragged all the way out to the show floor Bree fanned herself then realized something. She was on webcam and bottomless. Dozens of horny viewers had witnessed her nudity.
Before either Puma or Bree could react Cowboy's Garth and Daltry swept them off their feet and forced the girls into the same hoedown stance as Trent had Amber in. Puma fucked by Garth, and Daltry manhandling the yelping Bree. Penetration imminent Bree began crying. Stacy felt badly at first until Garth nailed her cunt hard. A fury of lust entered the wildcats soul and even bound by rope writhed as if a savage. She had to have her own thrusts to feel herself.
Bree? She dangled backwards her arms flailing about. Not that a big hard cock didn't feel wonderful, but Bree felt as if she were betraying Griffin Puma. If she only knew the truth that he had betrayed her twice within an hours time earlier in the day, this might be her idea of a vengeance fuck. She was going in blinder than Gene Senior.
Out of nowhere Country music began playing. A fiddle hoedown made the Cowboys dance. The girls laughing at their situation. Stacy's show was out the window without anyone calling out commands. So she thought.
"WHIRLWINDER78 says let the sluts hold hands backwards while the boys are Do Si Doin' those pussies." Gene Jr. Jr. took up the mantle, even as his Gramps hobbled around the counter and did a jig right in front of the webcam, pants down around his knees. It was priceless seeing an 85 year old blind man sewing his oats. The problem was he was blocking their view of the show. That led Gene Jr. Jr. into retrieving his Gramps against his will. It was a battle royale.
All three Cowboy's did as her audience wanted and dipped the girls. Stacy in her feline ferocity managed to get her ropes off and reached back to grab Amber's hand, her opposite hand gripping Bree's. Moving the girls closer together assisted in Amber and Bree snatching up their free hands. Whooping and hollering made the dance more colorful. Titties swirling and bobbing along to their dance partners.
Joel Turtlebaum slowly took the staircase up to the loft office to train his camera down on the girls for what he termed the square dance of a lifetime. With all three girls holding hands it was like a giant square between them. He was literally able to film all three penetrations with perfect sight. Thick cocks moving in and out to the music. This was infuckincredible. Even Bree began laughing hard and enjoying herself, finally breaking her hand holds in order to take her shirt and bra off. Bree was as naked as the others now, save for her Ranger mask. Freckled B cups and all. Hands reclaimed the dance continued.
"LET THE PUMA LICK THE GIRLS ASSHOLES." Gene Jr. Jr. called it, sitting on his Grampa to keep him seated. Pants now up of course. Gramps was having a fit.
Hands breaking grips Garth moves Stacy behind Amber as Trent lifts the blonds ass cheeks higher, prying them wide. Stacy arching her back buries her tongue into Amber for only a minute. Just enough to hear Amber laugh hysterically. Garth then moved her to Bree. Daltry seizing Bree up against his muscular chest to allow Stacy to lick her future sister-in-law's butt pucker. Bree buried her face into Daltry's neck whining, "Noooooooooooooo!" Stacy stayed a bit longer just to torture Bree.
"RODEO STYLE. BOYS ON THE FLOOR, GALS RIDING HARD."
Following Gene Jr. Jr. the fellas buckled their knees and took the girls to the floor. On their backs now allowed the girls to take control and ride the Cowboy's. Bree hesitant fumbles a bit while Stacy and Amber get into it. Planting their hands backwards on the men's chests for a rough ride that had at least two girls screaming as orgasms approached. Bree giving up joined in and found the sensations escapable. The Red Ranger began yelling, "YAWWWWWWW YAWWWWWWWWWW!" Stacy slowed down just to laugh at Bree. At least she was smiling.
Amber came hard on Trent's beast but continued riding until Stacy joined her, Stacy whipping her long black hair about savagely for dramatic purposes. Striking a pose as she reached under and squeezed Garth's balls making him snarl and arch his back. In seconds she began a shrill Indian chant of "IYIYIYIYIYIYIYIYI!" It spooked everyone. In her battle cry Garth nutted hard inside her. Thank God everyone was on birth control. "SHIT!"
Stacy went cold silent, then jumped off of Garth, crawling over to Bree just as Daltry was tensing up. Yanking Bree out of her saddle just as Daltry exploded saved the Redhead from a huge mistake. Stacy recalled that Bree had gone off her birth control to seek having a baby. NOT ON THE PUMA'S WATCH. Stacy's heart sank realizing the situation could have gone horribly wrong. Without warning Stacy yanked Bree into a tight hug. Bree bulged her eyes, not understanding this sudden emotional outburst. Weeping ever so slightly Puma looks at Bree, "Sorry Bitch." A snap to her Lone Ranger mask made Bree whimper, "Oww!"
Off the Puma prowled.
"SHOW OVER?" Gene Jr. Jr. questioned after Stacy's strange behavior.
"Not yet Junior." Stacy rallied. Joel sensing something big made his way back downstairs. Retrieving her laptop, unhooking the power cord and counting on a steady enough charge, Stacy took it and her webcam for a walk. Everyone grabbed their clothing and followed along. Bree weary of reclaiming her shorts and underwear from behind the counter due to Gene Sr. just left them behind and shuffled with the crowd.
Reaching the life size teepee setting, Stacy positioned her laptop and webcam toward an open space next to a fake campfire. Gene Jr. Jr. worried about what she had in mind, having felt appalled by her earlier remarks on how racist the scene looked. Sitting down Indian style facing her audience the Puma spoke.
"Welcome to my home. As you can see this is my Uncle Shitting Bull, my cousin Blowing Smoke, and my nephew Sniffing Glue. He sold his old horse to the Glue Factory just to get high. Anyways, I know this show wasn't what I usually offer. It got a bit out there even for me. Blame the Skanks." She smirks calling the girls in beside her. Bree bubbled at this tender moment expecting more hugs in Stacy's relaxed attitude. Amber sat next to Stacy's left and waved at the viewership. Placing an arm around both girls Stacy smiled, "I love you guys." That made Bree swoop in and kiss Stacy's cheek. Amber seeing Bree's move shrugged and kissed the other cheek, Stacy making a gross expression at their actions.
"Enough already." Stacy shook them off. "I've decided to go bigtime. The Puma will still shock you nasty boys now and again, but I've got a cameraman now and I'm going to produce some really extreme porn for sale. We can do that right Turtle?" Joel nods with a thumbs up. "Shellboy says we can. So...email me at ApacheSlut@YaHO. YaHO. YaHO. and I'll get you videos as soon as I can. I'll offer details. New strategy boys...in those emails I want one really extreme challenge. Out of those challenges I'll pick one winner to fuck the Redhead next to me."
"WHAAAAAAAAAT?" Bree drops her jaw.
"Just kidding." Stacy chuckles shaking her head negatively just for torments sake. A wink at her audience let them know it could be true. "Winner gets me for a evening right here inside this teepee. Wine me, dine me, fuck me silly." Pings began a chain as men begged to tap the Puma. Some asked about Amber. A few enquiring over Bree. One even wanting a foursome. "There you have it. Thanks for joining me. See you again soon." Stacy waves, joined by Bree and Amber giggling. They didn't notice Stacy stop waving just to put her hands behind the heads of the girls, flipping them a bird as if a eagle feather.
"HAPPY TRAILS TO YOU. UNTIL WE MEET AGAIN." Came a deafening song as sung by an 85 year old actor. Gene Senior walked right behind Stacy with no pants on and using his walking stick to guide his way. He poised his dick right behind Stacy's head as if a feather standing tall, like her middle fingers were doing. Everyone laughed except Bree, she hopped up to go get her shorts while she had the chance.
Webcam off via Gene Jr. Jr. at Puma's point, the chatroom was severed. Stacy wasn't even concerned over how much money she had made.
"So you wanna make that teepee a hotel room?" Junior chuckled.
"You know you want me to do it."
"Never said no. I'm thinking we can wheel and deal a bit if you're up to it."
"My girls get to pick five outfits each."
"Done."
"Boots?" Bree returns giddily pulling her shorts up.
"Made for walkin'." Stacy snaps.
Amber sat quietly, withdrawn, and almost teary eyed. Noting this Bree steps next to her and sits down. "You okay Sweetie?"
"Noooo! I have something I need to tell you."
Bulging her eyes Stacy clamps a hand over the blonde's mouth, "Save it Blondie. Bree's not bi-sexual."
"Oh my gosh." Bree looks at Amber with surprise, "You...want me? That's...sweet."
"I STILL WANT YA." Gene Sr. still loitered touching a lifeless dick.
"Not now Gene." Bree snaps.
Releasing Amber's mouth Stacy narrows her gaze.
"It's alright. I just really like Redheads." Amber caved.
"ME TOO."
"Put a silver bullet in it Gene." Bree was growing feisty.
Three Cowboys walked off into the sunset. A Cameraman still hadn't filmed his commercial. He would come back tomorrow to fill his true obligation. Gene Jr. Jr. bartered more with the Puma over posters and merchandizing. Amber went with Bree to pick out clothing.
As they tried things on in an actual changing room Bree looked over at Amber with a smirk. Without warning Bree stormed Amber nudging her back against the wall. Kissing her full on the lips made Amber tremble and recall Griffin Puma fucking her against a bathroom wall. Bree gave it her best shot.
Stacy catching them kissing raised an eyebrow. This was getting out of hand.
"I just wanted to try kissing a girl." Bree giggled and stepped back. "I mean I cheated on Griffin with that Cowboy earlier. I might as well cheat a bit more before I confess everything to my man."
"WHOAAAAAAAA NAG!" Stacy pointed ferociously at Bree, "You're not ruining a good thing. This shit never happened. RIGHT AMBER?" Amber understood and nodded. Technically both lovers cheated. Let it rest. In a crazy move Amber charged Bree and pinned her against the wall this time, kissing her even harder, enough to make Bree squeal.
"Happy Tails Bitches. I'll take the bus home."
Of course she didn't. The girls had their fun.
Gene Senior was still walking around without his pants.
Slow day.
=====================================
COMING SOON : STACY PUMA 15 : BRONCO FILLY