This is the second part of Izzy Nude at the Movie Theater. When we had last left off with Izzy and this particular adventure, she had been stranded naked - save only for her sneakers & socks (and vibrator) - in a movie theater auditorium. If you have not read the beginning half of the story yet, then please go get caught up, then join us back here for the conclusion!
As was previously established, Izzy was early 30-something and at this point no stranger to getting naked and "playing" in public places. However, this new development was a new level of trouble for her. She was absolutely stuck - in a public theater - no phone - no car keys - and no escape. Her keys and phone had been in the pocket of her shorts, and were collected with all her other garments when the usher had discovered them at the end of the show. Izzy's mind was racing at what she was possibly going to do, and she was almost going to go into a panic, although she would be lying if she denied still being turned on at the predicament as well.
Izzy almost couldn't believe herself She had never really wanted to get caught, and she had always tried to minimize the risk. But wasn't the possibility of getting caught or seen part of the thrill? That was the turn-on and the real rush; that some someone might chance upon her naked, exposed body. Someone may spy her naughty bits - see her bare ass, see her pink hard nipples, see her clean shaven pussy. Thinking about it even now she was getting all worked up again. She was also coming to terms that this time there would very likely be no way out without discovery. Indeed, it may come down to her needing to march right out to the lobby and speak to one of the theater staff. Her only comfort was, since it was late, and on a night that was not that busy to begin with, there should not really be that many people about that she would have to expose herself to.
Izzy sat down as she pondered what her course of action was going to be. She imagined herself timidly stepping into the lobby, one arm covering her chest as best she could, and the other hand tightly covering her bald womanhood as she bashfully entered into the open lobby. She pictured gawking eyes and staring glances of strangers as she made her way to the service desk that was front and center. As she fantasized at the scenario she noticed herself getting wet again. And so she decided, her playtime tonight was not yet over. She was naked, she was still horny and aroused, and she was going to own it! She also determined to not be embarrassed if she was eventually seen. Really, what would be the point in hiding or trying to cover up in her current state. She was quite obviously nude and it couldn't be helped.
Izzy turned around and looked over the auditorium. She had already explored this space pretty well tonight. Had had one of the most fulfilling orgasms in the back row, and had wandered down to the front row still nude. Then the entrance hallway caught her eye - and her brain started turning. Why not explore some more? After all, it was late, and there were probably only a few other movies even still playing - and who knows if any of them even had anyone in them?
The hall was walled off from the rest of the auditorium and was its own little corridor that led to the main hallway with all the other theaters. Izzy stood up and made her way to the end of the hall and peeked around the corner. The door was closed, but there was a little thin window that she could see out into the hallway. Good, she thought, it was small enough that she felt she could dart back into the auditorium for cover if she saw any sign of activity in the main hall. She paused for a while to observe and neither saw, nor heard anyone. She then noticed that here where the corridor led to the main hall, was where the carpet began. The main auditorium was all tile or vinyl flooring, and sticky in places where popcorn and drinks had been spilled. The carpet seemed rather nice though, and Izzy decided that to really make the most of her continued experience, it was time to go all the way. She slipped off her sneakers and pulled off her socks. She laid the socks atop the shoes and stepped onto the carpet. It was a nice soft texture, and felt rather nice on her bare feet. She was almost about to start down the hall when she paused again. The vibrator! No sense in leaving that behind!
She grabbed the vibrator from the armrest of the closest seat where she had set it down. She moved in to face the corridor head on, and as she stood facing the outer door, she worked the vibrator into her vagina, and got it all settled and snug, then turned it onto the lowest setting. Just enough to buzz and tease her softly as she continued on. Even after the recent orgasm she was still incredibly turned on and felt herself starting to crave another climax. She decided to prolong that again, to help drive her for the remainder of the night.
Izzy crept cautiously step by step closer to the door. Though still there was no sign of anyone moving about. This helped to boost Izzy's confidence that she could keep going. Before too long she finally reached the door itself. Just on the other side was the main hall that stretched all the way back to the main lobby. Outside the door there could be anyone. Other customers leaving other shows, or theater staff milling about going to sweep and clean up as shows would be getting out. (You know, like the usher who had come in and found her clothes!)
Izzy peered out the little window opening in both directions as best she could, and the coast was clear. She carefully pried the door open a crack to try and listen for activity. Nothing. The vibrator was quietly humming inside her, keeping up a radius of sensation around her privates. Her knees buckled a little at the next step as she fully opened the door wide and stood bare ass naked just outside the main hall. Directly across the way was another auditorium - and that was the goal she decided. (She had heard of theater hopping before but this was crazy!)
Izzy peeked her head out into the actual hall now and looked both ways, but all was clear. To the right and down a ways, past three other theaters, was the lobby. She could see where the concession counter was, but no sign of other guests or staff. It looked like the concession had already been shut down as the lights were dimmed she could tell. It seemed safe enough, and so Izzy stepped out, into the middle of the hall. Her instinct was to dash into the other auditorium or at least to cover up - but her will and arousal won out and she stood there unabashed and took in the moment. She turned to face the lobby and brought her hands up and played with her breasts. She grabbed a nipple in each hand and jiggled her boobs. She moved her waist slowly, picking up on the vibrations pulsating within her. She turned then, not wanting to press her luck and moved to the other door, opened, and stepped inside.
There was no movie playing in this auditorium either, but in here, the big bright house lights were turned all the way on! She walked down the corridor and stepped into this new theater. It was bigger than the one she was in before, and with the lights on full, it gave a different feel to her whole situation. She was fully illuminated here. Even the main hallway had been a slightly dimmed light, so there was a feeling of less exposure there. Here it was open, and bright. The stairway that led to the top of the auditorium was just there on the other side of the corridor wall. She decided to walk all the way to the top, and then back down as her "victory" action. The stairs leading up were still carpeted, and easy on her bare feet. Her breasts swayed back and forth as she climbed. She pretended along the way as if the auditorium were full and she was trying to find a spot in the crowd where a naked girl might sit. All the while up she was aware of the gentle strumming of the vibrator inside her pussy.
Coming back down the steps, Izzy's pace was a little brisker, and her unrestricted breasts bounced heavier and actually caused Izzy to giggle a little out loud at the sensation. Close the the bottom though she noticed something. See, it wasn't really the "bottom" as the hallway here in this theater let out sort of in the middle. There was a walkway platform that spanned the width of the auditorium, and broke up the top section, and the bottom. One could choose to go up, or down when they came in. This though, was not the interesting bit that caught Izzy's attention. Along the bottom "first" row of the upper section there was a bar railing that separated the seats from the walkway. It was a smooth black metal, ran the whole length of the row, and rose up about waist high. Or more to the point - about pussy high.
Izzy couldn't resist. She stopped at the bottom of the steps, reached to her pussy and extracted the vibrator. She turned it off and set it on the seat armrest. She needed to move into the row a little to get a good position. When she stepped on the tile floor it was cold on her feet, though she liked the chill sensation. She ran her fingers along the bar, which was also chilly to touch, yet smooth and solid. She came to a spot where there was a slight gap between the seats and she lifted her left leg up and over the bar rail. To her delight, as she stood there straddling the bar, it was just so high enough that she could stand over it, and her inner pussy lips would just grazealing the very top of the bar. She wiggled a little and allowed the cool bar to tease and flick against her lips, until finally, slowly, she lowered herself onto the bar. Her pussy smeared onto the bar and she reached back to spread her butt cheeks as well so they hugged the bar, almost wedging herself onto it. Oh wow! What a feeling this was! She started to move her hips back and forth, grinding her sex along the bar. As she would move forward she could feel the friction of the bar grab at her ass and tug gently on her asshole. Then as she moved back she could feel the slide of the bar on her pussy and tease at her clit as it too would be pulled and tugged.
Izzy spent a few minutes there, riding the bar rail like a naked cowgirl. Honestly if she had wanted to, she could feel how easily she would have been able to bring herself to climax on this new mount. But, that was not the plan, and she did not have all night to waste. She had put off the inevitable long enough and it was time to collect her shoes and try to make it to the lobby for help. Before heading back out of this theater, she grabbed the vibrator and slipped it back in pace, tucked in and turned to low. She walked back to the main hall door, peeked out and again the coast was clear. She walked across the hall and back into her original theater. She found her shoes right where she had left them. She pulled her socks on and then her shoes. While it was fun to move about completely barefoot and totally nude, the plan was to be leaving now, and she would need them.
She started walking yet again back to the main hallway, but this time, she felt her heart skip a beat. This time her destination was more public, and she would be seen! She was specifically going to have to go looking for someone - naked - not to mention with a vibrator pulsing in her vagina!
Izzy opened the door. She stepped out into the hallway. With one deep breath, she started towards the lobby. The closer she got the more nervous she became. Her left arm did instinctively find itself to her chest, and though she was holding her boobs tight, her hand was more cupping and squeezing, than providing coverage. She passed the next set of theaters as she moved ever closer, and she noticed than also that her right hand had found its way instinctively to her pussy, and was stroking it! Here she was, naked, in the movie theater, walking down the hallway and basically masturbating as she went! Her pussy was getting hotter, and with the combination of the vibrator within, and her rubbing herself from without, the intensity of sensation was building. She was closing though on the hallway connection to the lobby when all of a sudden, she heard something that snapped her attention. A door had just opened to one of the theaters back from where she came from - People were getting out of a show and coming into the hall!!
In a split second and in an incredible turn of luck, Izzy was just then next to the restrooms and she bolted quick as you can inside! The first thing that she noticed was the row of sinks and the giant wall to wall mirror - and the naked girl staring back in the reflection. Damn! That's hot. Those boobs, those curves, that bald pussy, where she also could see the silicone control string hanging out from between her lips. No time to stop and admire though, she ran for the last stall, jumped in and closed the door! No sooner had she sat down, then the door burst open and she could hear two other girls enter the bathroom!
Izzy sat there with her heart pounding. She slowly reached down and turned off the vibrator, and slid it out of herself. She wanted to be absolutely silent and not give the other girls any idea that there was anyone else there. The girls were chatting and going on about their movie, which they apparently thought was a little too cheesy. As Izzy sat there waiting for the other girls to leave, she looked down at herself. It felt very surreal to be sitting on a public toilet - naked. No jeans or shorts and panties to have pulled down around your legs, just completely open and bare. Sitting there she spread her legs open wider and sat up straight, thrusting her boobs prominently outward. As she waited, she moved her hands up and cupped her breasts, gently lifting and squeezing. Then fanning her fingers against her nipples, keeping them taught and at attention.
Before long, the girls had finished up, washed, and had left. It was all quiet again now for some time and Izzy thought she had better move along again herself. She exited the stall, stopped at the mirrors again for a moment to admire her glorious nude self, then peeked out the restroom door. All clear again. She has forgone the vibrator this time, as she was close enough to the lobby and figured she could do without the extra excitement. She walked along, hugging closer to the wall as she approached the lobby. Finally here she was. Standing at the very end of the hallway, the concession stand was in front of her, and lined the entire back wall of the lobby. The lobby itself then opened up to a large open area, the box office and service desk lined the front center of the lobby and was off a bit to the left of where she was. She could see the doors that led in and out of the building on either side of the box office area. With the concession closed and a lot of the neon signs and lights turned off, the lobby was pretty dim - though could not really be called dark. Standing there and looking about, she could not see anyone. She then realized that her hand had found itself again to her pussy.
Izzy was standing naked, at the entrance to the theater lobby, where just hours before there had been other people and workers, and bright colored lights illuminating the space. Here she was now, naked and aroused and fingering herself! She spread her legs and drove her fingers into her vagina. She was so hot and turned on that she was almost attacking herself - pounding her sex and rubbing her slit and clit with vigerous fervor! It did not take long and she felt the orgasm quickly building until all at once it thrust itself upon her! She bent at the knees and pointe her crotch out as her fingers coaxed out another fantastic wave of pleasure. She imagined the people still milling about the lobby as she stood there cumming in plain sight! Eventually, the spasms slowed and calmed and she regained her composure. Okay now that that's done, who am I supposed to ask about my...
My Clothes!! Izzy's eyes lit up as she saw her saving grace! There next to the service desk, was a cart - the one the usher must have had because she could see there piled on the top - her clothes! Izzy let out a huge sigh of relief. All she had to do now was cross the open lobby and reclaim her items! Everything looked clear, she decided to go for it. She stepped out and began to walk across the lobby straight for the service desk. She reached the cart and everything looked to be there, though all balled up and clumped. Shorts, shirt, hoody, she had almost collected everything and had the items tucked under her arm, when a door opened right there behind the service desk! There must be a little office there and out stepped the usher! He was honestly just as surprised as Izzy was - having just stepped out and come face to face with a naked girl! They both just froze and stared at each other, neither knowing exactly what to say or do.
Izzy had frozen with her arm stretched out, reaching for the last piece of her outfit she had not yet picked up. Her panties. The little pale yellow cotton number with red trim. Finally, Izzy broke out of her trance and slowly picked up the panties, though a certain confidence had grown inside her. She turned and faced the usherhead on, giving him an all-you-can-eat view of her naked self. Though he still said nothing, she watched him slowly move his gaze from top to bottom.
Then with a flirtatious spark to her voice she finally broke the silence. She hugged her clothes tight to her waist, except for her panties. Those she twirled on her fingertips and told the usher - "I'm just picking these up" gesturing to the clothes tucked under her arm. "But these I think might belong to you now" - and she tossed her panties onto the counter in front of him. And with that, she turned and headed for the door to the outside, stopped just before opening and turned to look back over her shoulder. She gave the usher a good look at her bare ass as she pushed the door open and stepped out into the night air. When she had planned her night, she did not expect herself to be leaving the building itself still naked. (Or throwing her panties at a stunned - but cute - usher guy!)
As she walked to her car, Izzy enjoyed the cool night air on her skin. She fished her keys out of her pocket and unlocked her car. She then thought to herself - why not? She tossed the clothes onto the back seat and hopped into the car naked. At this point tonight, why bother? Izzy started up her car, and pulled away from the theater - very pleased with her night.