NOTES: This is a direct continuation of my previous story "Oz Beach Boy Taps 2 Brazilian Girls." All characters in the story are over eighteen years of age. This is a work of complete fiction. This is a male/female sex story with some CFNM and very mild humiliation.
----------------------------------------
It was a beautifully warm summer's afternoon in Sydney, Australia. I'd just fucked, fingered, kissed, licked, sucked and gone down on two beautiful Brazilian girls who worked as hard-hatted safety officers on the construction site that my apartment complex had recently become.
The hot and heavy tryst had happened on the gorgeous girls' lunch break, and I was covered in sweat with just a towel wrapped around my waist. The delightful and mind blowingly sexy Ana and Fernanda had quickly showered and dressed, and they were ready to get back to work.
Their also Brazilian boss, however, had just knocked on my door. I opened up, and right there in front of me was the very attractive and self-assured Adriana Santos, the efficient and no-nonsense building site safety supervisor.
While the two girls that I had just fucked were staggeringly beautiful, their boss was slightly less so, but she was still very attractive indeed. Adriana had straight, centre-parted, raven-black hair that hung just past her shoulders, thick dark eyebrows, deep brown eyes, and a long nose and thin lips that gave her a slightly witch-like appearance.
She was still, somehow, very, very appealing...just not quite at the same amazing level as the two girls standing in my unit with amused but slightly concerned looks on their faces.
Adriana had an undeniable, indefinable sex appeal that practically oozed from her, and there was something indescribably hot about her.
Like her subordinates, Adriana was dressed in a heavy, high-visibility, blue-and-fluoro-orange button-up work shirt, thick pants and big lace-up boots. She also sported a bright orange hard-hat, along with a walky-talky clipped to her belt.
As with Ana and Fernanda, Adriana's bulky clothes made it difficult to gauge what kind of body she had, but she was definitely lean and fit. Her breasts also appeared to be quite large and definitely more than a handful.
I had regularly ogled and occasionally masturbated over Adriana, Ana and Fernanda while staring through the cracks in my windows' blinds as I watched the women work around my apartment complex, which was undergoing major external repairs. I was still in shock that I had actually fucked Ana and Fernanda after having fantasised about them for so long.
As I opened the door clad just in a small towel, a smile spread across Adriana's face. She quickly looked me up and down, and then peered past me into my unit. She locked eyes with Ana and Fernanda and spoke quickly to them in Portuguese. They quickly spoke back.
Nobody seemed to be too angry or upset, and I breathed an internal sigh of relief that Ana and Fernanda -- who had just provided me with nearly an hour of generous, imaginative, absolutely amazing double-teamed sex -- didn't appear to be in big trouble.
"Hello, sir," Adriana said to me in her deliriously erotic accent. "I apologise if my employees have been bothering you. At Strategic Construction Services, we have a company policy regarding our staff fraternising with residents. Would you mind if I step inside, sir?"
"No, of course, please come in," I said. "That's fine. I hope this isn't going to be a problem for anyone."
I felt a little nervous just standing there in my towel, but as a full-tilt exhibitionist, I was also turned on by having three beautiful, fully clothed women in my unit while I was practically naked.
Adriana spoke again to Ana and Fernanda, and pointed at the entrance. They looked up at me, gently giggled, and then moved briskly toward the door, bowing their heads in embarrassment.
I watched their glorious butts as they left and immediately flashed back to what we'd just done.
The mashed up aroma of their sweat, perfume and plentiful natural juices still lingered wonderfully in the air, and I hoped that I would get to fuck them again.
Adriana gently closed the door behind them. She turned and smiled at me.
"Judging from your attire, I am presuming that you do not wish to make a complaint about Ana and Fernanda?" Adriana asked with a twinkle in her eye. "Unless they came up here, forced their way in, and then stripped and raped you?"
"Um, no," I laughed. "It was completely consensual, trust me."
"Well, we do not appreciate our staff associating personally with the residents on our construction sites, especially during work hours," Adriana explained. "Even though they were on their lunch break, I will have to caution the girls. If you choose to make a complaint though, things could be worse for them."
"They're not going to be in trouble, are they?" I asked with genuine concern. "I definitely don't want to make a complaint. I've got no problems with anything. I don't want anyone to be in trouble."
Adriana smiled at me, and then looked me slowly up and down. I was in great physical shape, and the Brazilian safety supervisor drank in every contour and rock-hard muscle of my ruggedly rigid body.
Her eyes lingered on the small towel strapped around my waist, and I could tell that she was speculating about what hung beneath it. I'm very, very lucky to have an enormous penis, and I'm sure that Adriana could see that through the thin material that laid over it.
"I must say," Adriana smiled, "that I can certainly understand why Ana and Fernanda decided to pay you a visit. Your body is beautiful, and you are a very, very handsome man."
"Thank you," I said. "That's very kind of you to say. I try to stay in shape. And you must have interesting recruitment and employment practices at Strategic Construction Services...you're all so gorgeous."
Adriana smiled at my compliment. The discussion had very quickly moved away from the professional to something else altogether. The safety supervisor looked at me in a very erotic way. If I'd had clothes on, it would have been like she was undressing me with her eyes.
I had just fulfilled two major fantasies by fucking both Ana and Fernanda, and now I hoped that a third was about to be ticked off too. Things were getting very interesting indeed with Adriana Santos, and I hoped that I would end up between her legs in some way too.
The safety supervisor peered curiously around my unit and noticed my discarded Speedos lying on the floor next to the wall. She smiled again, and was obviously now certain that I was completely naked under my towel. I was tired from my tryst with Ana and Fernanda, but Adriana's lascivious gaze started to get me aroused.
"You all had sex up here? The three of you?" Adriana asked. "You fucked these two girls?"
"Yes, we did have sex," I replied. "We're consenting adults. How did you know they were up here?"
"I saw them talking to you at the pool when you were out there in your tiny little swimsuit showing off your muscles, and then they disappeared around lunchtime," Adriana replied. "I had a hunch they were with you. I knew where you lived. Like many of the residents, I have seen you walking past your windows during the day."
I gulped, but it didn't sound like Adriana had caught me jerking off at my windows or seen me ogling her and her colleagues. There was nothing bubbling beneath her explanation, and no wicked smile. I appeared to be safe.
"Did you have a good time?" Adriana giggled.
"Um, yes," I replied, "but that's a bit personal."
"Yes, of course," Adriana purred, and looked me up and down again in her most nakedly sexual way yet. "I'd hate to embarrass you. I was just wondering how much energy you had left...oh, you'd have a nice view from this window if the blinds weren't pulled down," she pointed over my shoulder at the window behind me.
As I turned my head to follow her finger, Adriana moved suddenly toward me. I sensed her breath and smelled her perfume wafting through the air. I felt her warm hand grab at my waist. She dug her fingers into the knot of my towel and wrenched it apart. She was giggling.
I turned my head back towards Adriana from the window and she ripped the towel right off my waist, forcing me to spin a little. I was in shock. Adriana stood in front of me, holding the towel in her right hand with a giant smile on her face.
I was completely naked. My 23cm flaccid cock dangled wantonly between my muscled thighs. I didn't bother to cover it. Adriana wanted to see it, and I wanted her to see it. I was huge and had nothing to hide. She looked right at my manhood, laughed wildly, and pointed.
"Olhe para voce," she said in Portuguese. "Look at you! The body of a god and the penis of a horse...you are perfect...you are perfect. Ana and Fernanda must have had a lot of fun with that thing. It's not fair that I miss out, is it?"
"That wouldn't be fair at all," I said. "You're the boss...you deserve a little fun too. And I can give it to you, don't worry about that. I've got a long tongue as well as a huge cock."
I couldn't believe that it was now going to happen with Adriana too. I clenched and flexed my muscles. Adriana let out a tiny moan. I posed deliberately. She circled around me to check out everything that I had to offer. I was nude and completely exposed, and Adriana made the most of it.
I was still shocked that the Brazilian beauty had denuded me so suddenly and brazenly. She stood behind me and ran her hands all over my muscled back. She felt every inch of it.
I clenched my stone-firm butt cheeks as her hands glided over them, and her fingers gently strayed into my arse-crack. She ran her hands all over my back again.
"You have a large birthmark on your right shoulder blade," Adriana said. "God's minor way of making you imperfect...to let us know that you are actually human."
I was surprised by Adriana's poetic streak. I'd never heard it put that way before, but I did have a large, dark brown birthmark on my back.
I'd never really liked it, but it wasn't exactly unsightly or ugly. It was just a discolouration of my skin, and nothing major. Adriana's warm fingers lingered over it.
She then moved in front of me and rubbed my chest while looking me up and down. She took in all the details of my bare torso, and leered down at my cock. She bit her lower lip. I felt like a piece of meat...and I loved it.
Adriana's fingers danced over my pecs and she tweaked my nipples gently. Her long fingernails trailed down my steel-hard abs and then ran through my small patch of sandy, man-scaped pubic hair. She tantalisingly stopped short just before the base of my cock.
"I love having a man naked before me," Adriana cooed. "You were so easy to strip. Most men would be embarrassed or even humiliated at having a much smaller woman take such sexual advantage of them. You don't mind, do you? You like it. You are totally exposed. I can see everything. You are here for my pleasure. Men constantly enjoy the female form...why can't a woman enjoy looking at a man without his clothes?"
"No argument there...I'd strip for you anytime," I replied. "You can look at me whenever you want."
"I will watch you in the shower now," Adriana said. "I can smell them on you. I don't want to think of Ana and Fernanda while I fuck you. Clean yourself while I watch you. Make sure to wash your cock and balls. I don't want to taste them when I suck your cock."
This was obviously well and truly on. I walked into the bathroom and leaned in the doorway. I put my hands above my head and rested them on the top of the doorframe, elongating the musculature of my upper body and making my biceps bulge. My dangling cock started to swell a little over my low hanging balls.
I smiled at Adriana, turned, and stepped into the shower. I slowly soaped myself up and smeared the suds all over my cock and balls.
I washed vigorously and Adriana watched my every move. She smiled down at my freshly laundered crotch with delight.
As I showered, Adriana undressed but kept her eyes on me the whole time. She took off her hard-hat and unbuttoned her work shirt, letting them pile on the floor.
Like Ana and Fernanda, she wore a blue singlet under her work shirt, which she quickly peeled off over her head. Her armpits were beautifully smooth.
I was surprised and delighted to see a silky, lacy, black push-up bra underneath the singlet. Adriana's heaving breasts bulged beautifully, and she sported a massive cleavage. I couldn't wait to see those things unleashed.
She unlaced and kicked off her boots, and then unzipped her pants, which she let fall alluringly to her ankles. She stepped out of them gracefully.
Adriana was wearing a silky, sexy and very small g-string that showed off her lithe legs and flawless skin.
Adriana leaned against the wall and watched me. She looked extraordinary in her sexy underwear. Her legs were long and toned, her stomach was flat, and her butt was smooth and wonderfully rounded.
Her body was completely free of hair (and tattoos), and nothing on her moved when she walked. Adriana's body was tight and firm everywhere. I longed to explore every groove and crevice of it.
I got out of the shower and towelled myself off. I didn't bother to drape it around my waist and just dropped it on the bathroom floor.
I moved toward Adriana, totally naked. I put my arms around her waist and pressed my cock up against her stomach as I pulled her in closer to me.
I leaned down and kissed her passionately on the mouth. She responded with enthusiasm and moaned softly.
She grabbed my butt with both hands. After a minute, Adriana pulled away from me gently.
"Where did you fuck them?" she asked.
I pointed to the lounge room floor. "On that rug," I replied. "I licked them out too, and got my fingers inside them. I came all over their tits."
"You naughty boy. I don't fuck on the floor," Adriana frowned. "We will fuck in your bed. Go and lie down on your bed with your legs over the side. Spread your legs open wide. I want a good look at that huge thing hanging between them."
I sat down at the end of my bed, and then lay down, stretching my body back. My cock hung over the side of the bed, and Adriana kneeled between my legs. She looked at my cock up close.
She took it in her right hand and felt the weight of it, moving it around in her palm. She then fondled it gently before taking a firm grip. Adriana then slid her hand up and down the shaft. I got hard in seconds.
"Oh my god," she giggled. "It really is huge...it won't even fit in my mouth."
"Some of it will," I smiled. "Give it a try...see how far you can go."
Adriana dropped her head and took me in her mouth. She took in my bulbous head and then moved down the shaft.
I shuddered with pleasure and excitement. Adriana didn't get close to taking it all, but she worked her head furiously up and down as much as she could.
I got worked up, but I'd already shot my load twice in the last couple of hours, so I was confident that I'd be able to last long enough to satisfy my third sexy Brazilian safety officer of the day.
I watched with joy as Adriana's black-haired head bobbed up and down between my legs.
Her technique was great, with her tongue flicking around my head, and then her lips sucking hard up and down the shaft.
As Adriana continued to expertly blow me, I sat up and hooked my arm over her head. I was desperate to get a look at her tits. I popped her bra clip swiftly with two fingers, which got the Brazilian's attention.
Adriana released my cock from her mouth and smiled at me. She stood up on her knees and shrugged her bra off her supple shoulders, revealing the glory of her naked breasts.
They were large but wonderfully firm, and were the colour of milky coffee, with dark nipples and areolae.
She leaned down and dangled her tits enticingly over my cock, letting her stiff nipples brush sexily against its swollen head. She swung them back and forth teasingly. I moaned loudly with pleasure.
Adriana then held her tits on either side and slapped them around my cock, wedging my blood-pumped member in the middle of her ample cleavage.
She then slid her tits up and down, jerking me off with them. I loved being tit-fucked, and Adriana applied just the right amount of pressure and friction.
I moaned again as she drove me completely wild with her bountiful boobs. Not only were the female staff members at Strategic Construction Services all beautiful, they all knew how to handle a guy's cock too.
"I will ride you now," Adriana whispered. "Like the stallion that you are."
The sexy Brazilian's theatrical, over-cooked way with words made me laugh internally, but when she stood up and slid down her panties, I almost cried with pleasure and excitement.
As her silky knickers came down slowly, I first saw Adriana's totally waxed, almost shiny crotch and then her tight, wet, beautiful pussy.
She stepped out of her panties and then climbed up on top of me. She slowly lowered herself down onto me and I felt her pussy lips envelop and then tighten around my cock.
She pushed further down and took nearly all of my cock into her, and then slid up and down in an almost musical rhythm.
She rode me with amusingly wild abandon, flicking her black hair around dramatically and slapping my chest with her sweaty, open palms.
"I'm taking you," she groaned. "Do you like being fucked? Do you like it? Getting fucked? By a woman? You're mine...you're mine!"
"I love it, you sexy Brazilian bitch," I gasped. "I fucking love it! Do whatever you want...I'm yours!"
Adriana seemed to be really getting off on all the talk, as well as being in the power position up top, so I didn't change the set-up. She was in some kind of hazy, sex-driven trance.
Her moaning intensified to almost ridiculous levels. She seemed to be thrashing herself toward an orgasm, so I drove up hard from the bottom, pushing my cock deeper and deeper into her.
I massaged her tits with my hands, and then lifted myself up and licked them all over, sucking hard on her nipples. She leaned down and I kissed her passionately. We ground into each other hard, and I could feel her dripping all over me.
Adriana's moaning reached fever pitch and she let out a final, dramatic, high-pitched squeal. She then collapsed on me in a heap, her tits splayed out across my chest. She shuddered and tried to catch her breath.
"Oh, fuck," she mumbled as she buried her face in my neck. "Oh, fuck."
After a few minutes, Adriana rolled off me and lay next to me on the bed, flat on her back. Her entire body was drenched with sweat. The smell of sex and passion was everywhere.
I was a little disappointed that Adriana had come so quickly. I was still fully erect. I propped myself up on my elbow and looked down at her sweaty, naked body.
I ran my finger down over her tits and along her stomach. I gently rubbed her nipples. She was truly exquisite. Just looking at her got me even harder.
"Play with yourself," Adriana moaned. "I want to watch you...you're such a naughty, dirty boy. Grab hold off that ridiculous big thing. Jerk yourself off over me."
I stroked my cock a couple of times while I drank in the beauty of Adriana's body. She moved her body around erotically.
Two minutes later, I blew two massive loads all over my expensive bedsheets. There were two big puddles of cum right near Adriana's foot. She laughed as my cock slowly drooped after its gargantuan effort.
Adriana picked up my flaccid cock, held it in her hand, raised it high, and then let it slap loudly and comically back down on my balls.
She then picked it up and let it drop again, like it was some kind of new toy that she was experimenting with. I was just about to go down on her when the beautiful Brazilian quickly sat up.
"It is difficult to leave that giant cock, but I must return to work," Adriana said. "I will use your shower."
"Can't you stay for a few minutes," I pleaded. "I really want to lick your pussy. And your butt-hole too."
"That would be very nice," Adriana smiled, "but I really have to go."
She moved gracefully up from the sullied bedsheets and practically gilded into the bathroom.
I watched her butt tense as she walked. I heard the water run. A few minutes later, Adriana emerged with a towel wrapped around her midsection.
I looked at her wet, glistening body and felt an overpowering urge to fuck her again. I got up from the bed naked and took her in my arms. I kissed her on the mouth as my limp, wet dick pressed against her stomach.
"That was amazing," I said. "You're so beautiful. Your body is amazing, and your pussy..."
"Yes, it was a lot of fun," Adriana replied. "Don't get dressed or cover yourself. I want you completely naked until I leave."
"No problem," I smiled. "Whatever you want...you're the boss."
"You're very cooperative," Adriana giggled. "I like that in a man...especially when he has a huge cock."
She towelled off just outside the bathroom, and I leaned in my bedroom doorway to watch her. Again, I put my hands above my head and rested them on the top of the doorframe, stretching and tightening the muscles of my bare torso and popping my biceps.
My dangling cock hung invitingly between my stone-hard thighs. My blatant posing worked, and Adriana gazed at me wantonly, comically licking her lips.
"God, you're hot," I sighed as Adriana tossed the towel into the bathroom and reached down for her clothes.
She quickly put them back on, and I watched with growing excitement as her big tits jiggled when she moved.
She sat down on my couch to lace up her boots, picked up her hard-hat, and clipped her walky-talky back onto her belt. She clicked a button and it crackled back to life.
"Adriana, where are you?" a male voice said. "Is everything okay?"
"Yes, everything is good," Adriana replied in her charming accent. "There was something absolutely enormous that I had to look at," she smiled and looked at my cock. "It's okay now...I dealt with it. I will be back soon."
Adriana kissed me on the mouth and held my limp dick in her right hand. She smiled at me sexily.
"I noticed a few cracks in your apartment walls," the beautiful Brazilian safety officer said in a mockingly official tone, while still grasping my cock. "These cracks will need to be reassessed regularly for safety reasons. Do you have any problem with myself or members of my safety team coming up to check? We will need to do a thorough examination each time, perhaps for an hour or so. You can go about your business as normal though. Even if you are naked, there is no need for you to get dressed. You can even play with yourself if you desire while we are here...that would be fine. Is this okay?"
Adriana released my cock and moved toward the entrance of my unit. As she opened the door to leave, I gave her a big, warm smile. She blew me a kiss.
"Yes, that is totally okay...come again and again, as often as you like," I chortled. "I'm happy to examine your cracks too while you're up here."
We both laughed, and then Adriana was gone, the door slowly closing in her wake. I was still in a state of shock over what had just happened. It was without a doubt the best sex that I'd ever had.
Over the next weeks, my front door happily buzzed at lunch time on many more occasions while the construction work was going on around my building. I always made sure to answer it with a big smile...and without my clothes.