Welcome. This story is part of a much longer collection, but I wanted to choose the categories based on content. This has some story and buildup before the action, so not really a quickie for those looking to cum & go. Hope you enjoy.
*****
Cynthia Tower tried to remember all the things her bodyguard had tried to tell her each year while she was doing her mandatory safety training, but she'd been high most of the time and just blowing it off the rest. Her father paid the guards to keep her safe; she shouldn't have to do their job for them.
But she really wished she'd paid more attention as she tried to stalk her roommate across campus. The Veretrum institute was a private college with no more than 500 members in the student body but it boasted a large, well groomed campus with many buildings and bushes to hide behind. Her roommate was usually easy to pick out of a crowd; Robin stood five foot eleven with model-thin proportions but muscle tone and just enough curves so the wispy-thin tops and tight skirts she wore had something to catch on while her back-length, laser-straight black hair swirled around it. Cynthia, or Cyn to her friends, had a shorter but curvier frame, so she sometimes envied the elegance Robin pulled off without trying. Still, she knew when she fit her D-cups into the right bra and tightened her 34-inch waist she got as many looks, especially if she teased her shoulder-length blonde hair out right. She didn't want Robin's look, but she did want the girl's power.
Cyn seemed to float through all the right crowds and knew all the right members of the student body. She charmed some of the teachers, but not any better than Cyn knew she could manage. Robin made connections with powerful students though; kids whose parents had C-level positions, worked in government, or just sat on an obscene amount of old money. Robin was supposed to be her mentor, which is why she was rooming with an upperclassman, and if she was fair Robin had been friendly, supportive, and helpful the whole time. But she knew there was something extra Robin was keeping from her. She always disappeared on Friday nights and didn't return until Sunday morning. Robin claimed she was seeing some friends. Cyn saw through the lie right away and assumed she had a boyfriend she wanted to keep under wraps; if she was going for a high-level position in a company or a modeling gig she would have been warned off having a serious relationship by basically everyone. But eventually Cyn gave up that idea too; she was certain these weekend trips were what gave Robin her access to the elite crowd. She knew it wasn't a Greek thing; Veretrum didn't have frats or sororities, just "student activist groups" that were so blatantly obvious about their causes it was sad. But she also knew secret societies were a thing, particularly when you got a lot of rich and powerful co-eds on a campus together.
"Fuck" she cursed as she realized she'd been daydreaming and lost Robin. The girl had foregone her usual high-fashion and worn a simple top and slacks, but they were all black and in the gloom the girl had disappeared. Cynthia stumbled forward in the dark, looking around frantically until she almost literally ran into her target.
"Oh...um...hi Rob-"
"You've got two choices," Robin said, in a sharp, no-nonsense tone Cynthia had never heard from her. "Go back and talk to me about this on Sunday, or be finished at Veretrum."
"Fuck you!" Cynthia said. "You're the one sneaking out of our dorm"
"That's not against the rules," Robin said, "but stalking is. I'm your upperclassman advisor; how fast do you think I can get you tossed out on your ass?"
"My parents paid-"
"Are you serious right now?" Robin cut her off. "Everyone's parents blah blah blah at this school. I'll see you Sunday."
Robin walked off. Cynthia didn't react well to ultimatums. Her first instinct was to brazenly follow Robin to wherever, but she knew the other girl was right. Rich, powerful parents meant nothing here; everyone's parents fit that bill, and Cynthia wasn't anywhere near the top of that pecking order. Furious with herself and her roommate, she went back to her room.
*****
Cythia had gone to bed Friday frustrated and a little anxious. Robin didn't seem vindictive, but Cynthia worried Robin might try to get her tossed out just out of spite. She woke up mid-morning and realized she had a new opportunity. Cyn had always toyed with the idea of snooping in her roommates' things, but always worried about when Robin would come back. This time she knew for a fact that Robin wouldn't be back until Sunday.
Cyn spent the morning and part of the afternoon thoroughly but carefully tearing their room apart, but it was futile. The few things Robin hid in their room weren't really hidden, just kept out of sight. There were tampons and a few legit drugs in a bag buried in a low drawer. A box pushed far under her bed had sex toys that expanded Cyn's impressions of what her roommate was into. Cyn was not a prude and definitely not a virgin, so she recognized the butt plugs (three!) and the harness for a strap-on, as well as the lubricants that went with each. She'd seen but not used them, and she wished she had a way to tell how often they were used. She thought Robin got her freak on on these weekend trips, but wouldn't she have brought the toys along?
After failing to find anything incriminating, Cyn spent the rest of the day in a funk. She did her schoolwork out of habit while frantically searching on the school web sites and online for any references to a secret society or exclusive club at Veretrum that might explain where Robin was.
At six o'clock there was a pounding on Cyn's door. "Open up bitch!"
A smile briefly teased Cyn's face as she opened the door for her friend Vicky, who bounded into the room and flopped on Cyn's bed. The two had a number of classes together (although almost all freshman did since over half of them started as business majors) and had made fast friends. Vicky's parents were new money; they'd made bank when her father started some sort of tech company that did something complex but profitable and he'd sold it for something like seventy mil when Vicky was fifteen. That meant she was well in the middle of the pack economically but didn't have the trust-fund rich kid upbringing. Many people at school kept their distance and thought she was blunt and rude, but Cyn appreciated the honesty.
"What's got your panties twisted?" she said, seeing Cyn's sulk.
Cyn gestured to her roommates' empty bed and Vicky immediately tried to voice support.
"Oh I hear you. Mine keepts trying to let me down easy, like I'm going to be kicked out any day. Never mind I've been here for two months and I'm beating the ass off most of the rest of you. Says something about regular private schools over tutors, I think."
"I'm sure you did say something," Cyn remarked.
"Bet your ass. Speaking of, you need to get that moneymaker into a dress in a few hours."
Cyn was confused. "For what? There's no event tonight."
"There's no school event, but Abu's throwing a bash with the brown crowd."
"Oh my God Vicky!"
"What? They don't care. And there'll be a bunch of hot Saudi princes and Nubian gods there. I'm gonna snag myself some exotic cock and I need you," Vicky finished, pointing at Cyn.
"I know we aren't that close but I feel like you should know I don't have a cock."
"You're my ticket in," Vicky said. "More people know you, or know who you are, and I want to get there early before the skanks start spreading rumors about me."
"So you're going to show up early, use me to get a hookup, and then bail? Classy Vicky, the rest of the students will completely forget about your lack of formal training."
"Oh fuck you, they're never going to come around anyway. I may as well take what I can get. And you look like you need some cheering up too. Find a nice Arabian prince to fuck your brains out."
"I'm not really feeling it."
"Then just be my wingman. Your tits get more attention than mine," Vicky almost whined.
"Fine," Cyn said with a sigh. Vicky was no slouch in the looks department and had deep red, almost auburn hair that made her stand out, but a lifetime lack of personal trainers and trophy wives in her genes meant she had a relatively average body. Still, she was a soccer player, so she wasn't dealing with fat, just an average build and a B-cup chest. She also had almost nothing to wear, in Cyn's opinion, since her new-money parents still had a working-class attitude about clothes. Cyn had taken her on a small online shopping spree shortly after school started; she would freely let Vicky borrow clothes but since all of her tops were tailored with her chest in mind, they fit poorly on the smaller girl.
An hour and a half later, both girls had sheath dresses on that stopped almost a foot above their knees. Cyn's was strapless but Vicky said she didn't want to risk anything that overt yet. Cyn knew Vicky hadn't bothered with lingerie either; clearly her friend was hoping to be home early and not alone. Cyn herself had opted for some nice underwear, but if she thought about it, she admitted to herself she wasn't looking or even hoping for company.
The school dorms were more like repurposed houses and had six to ten people at most living in them with ample common space. The dorm where the party was only had about twenty people there when Cyn and Vicky arrived, and Cyn immediately figured out the people who were there were residents, friends who'd helped set up, and the girlfriends or dates who'd been dragged along early. They were embarrassingly early, but Cyn wasn't trying to make a statement and Vicky, as she'd said, didn't care. The redhead immediately picked out an unattached black guy who had six inches on her height at least and started chatting him up, while Cyn ignored everyone and headed for the bar.
Two hours later, Cyn was barely functioning. She'd stayed parked at the bar, draining drinks of fruity liquor and people-watching. Based on the crowd that filled and flowed out of the house, this wasn't a dud party. She recognized some real names and faces among the attendees. But again, none of the "A-listers" as Cyn thought of them. She even asked someone if Robin was coming, only to be told "she's never around on the weekends."
Vicky came up, now practically attached to her target from earlier, who she introduced as Larry. "We're going to...go exporing," Vicky giggled as she shifted from an obvious grope. Cyn saw a fold in her dress that made it obvious Larry already figured out Vicky's lack of underwear or inhibitions this evening.
Cyn wanted to say "Have fun" but it came out "havfulul."
Vicky's grin faltered. "You alright Cyn?"
"Fine...I'm fine."
"Your friend's wasted," Larry observed with a deep, resonant voice.
"You go...fuck," Cyn slurred. She tried to stand and just slid off the stool. Larry caught her and she was impressed with his strength before everything went black.
*****
Cyn woke and heard giggling and rustling nearby, but it was much quieter in general; she wasn't at the party anymore.
"You nasty," a male voice she remembered said.
"She's not even awake; she'll be out till morning and I want you now," she heard Vicky say.
"You're four places down," the guy insisted.
"But it's so far," Vicky whined dramatically, "And I'm soooo wet."
Cyn opened her eyes and recognized her room. Her desk lamp was the only thing on, but it was enough light for her to make out the two figures on the other side of the room. Vicky had her legs spread obscenely and her dress flipped up, showing her running her fingers over her slit. There was enough light for Cyn to tell she wasn't smooth, but she knew natural redheads often kept some hair down there.
"Fuck it," the guy said. In no time he had Vicky's dress bunched around her stomach. Their mouths were locked together, and dark-skinned hands were practically mauling Vicky's breasts, squeezing them and pulling at her nipples while Vicky worked desperately to untuck his shirt and undo his pants. Cyn heard a belt clink and then the guy straightened up a bit.
Cyn's angle wasn't great, but she could see Vicky had snagged a guy with an impressive cock. Vicky's fingers only barely came all the way around, and she had to work to get it in her mouth. Lawrence (she finally remembered his name) grabbed her hair and bunched it into a ponytail. "Yeah, suck that cock. You been after that all night haven't you?"
Vicky moaned agreement around his tool, her bobbing increasing. Her mouth went behind his hips from Cyn's point of view, and Vicky's unoccupied hand was working between her legs. After a little while she pulled off of him and spun around, presenting her ass and pussy. "Get it in there."
"You don't want me to return the favor?"
"Later, right now I need a cock in my pussy. Unless you want to find me another one?"
Cyn almost giggled as she thought about the dildo she'd found earlier. Vicky moaned as Lawrence moved forward into her. He seemed to go in all at once; Cyn thought Vicky might have already cum once, either that or she was completely soaked.
Cyn felt a little embarrassed, but if she were honest, she was enjoying the show. The two had gone from zero to sixty immediately; there was no tender caressing, no slow buildup. Lawrence was hammering his cock into Vicky and she was helping him out any way she could, backing into him and moaning almost constantly. Her modest tits were still big enough to shift wildly as he hammered into her. His firmly gripped her ass for leverage and their slapping echoed in the room.
Vicky finally slammed back into him and squealed, convulsing on his cock and then balling up on the bed. He slipped out as she came, but it only lasted a second. Before he could object she sprang back up and inhaled his cock. Her hair flew wildly and her hand was a blur for a few seconds, then Lawrence let out a groan and held her still.
Cyn expected Vicky to look around for a rag or something but Vicky's mouth was open and smiling as she backed off of Lawrence's cock. "Yummy," she said, "I want more."
"You're a dirty girl, aren't you?"
"Want to find out how dirty?" Vicky teased.
"Yeah but having your roommate around is creepy."
"I'm sure she's more fun when she isn't blackout drunk," Vicky said. She got up and walked toward Cyn, who quickly shut her eyes lest she be discovered. The smell of sex intensified as she felt Vicky lean over and peck her on the cheek as she brushed Cyn's hair out of her face.
"Come on, girl, let's go!" Lawrence pleaded.
"Oh what's your hurry? We've got all night."
"Yeah, and I wanna spend all of it fucking you."
"Oh if you must," Vicky said with fake annoyance, "Let's go."
Cyn heard them leave and then groaned. She realized she'd been unconsciously rubbing her pussy, and now her fingers and panties were soaked, but she was too out of it and tired to continue. As she thought about the prospect of waking up in her own wet spot, she wondered how she was going to explain the state of Robin's bed.