(Everyone in this story is 18 years old or older.)
************************************************************
Sitting in my high school counselors office daydreaming I was suddenly brought back to reality.
"Jim, how did you get to be an 18 year old senior without taking your required freshman home economics class?" Mr. Smith asked.
"I have no idea, can't remember," Jim answered.
Jim was a star track athlete and was treated like royalty at the school. He received privileges other 'regular' students could only dream of. He had rugged good looks, a body chiseled in muscular perfection and, when hard, a nine and a half inch thick penis. Jim had it all, well except for a personality.
If you looked his name up in the dictionary you would see the word privileged. His ego was enormous and in his mind he could do no wrong.
With his, I'm better than any of you, attitude many of the students couldn't stand him. He was disliked by students and faculty alike. He'd had this cocky attitude all through high school and everyone was over him.
Mr. Smith reiterated, "Jim your going to have to take this class in order to graduate."
"No way in hell I'm taking some stupid freshman class", Jim snapped back. "Somebody needs to fix this for me, I'm somebody in this school and I deserve special treatment."
"Jim I wish I could do something to help you but the state requires all students to complete this course in order to graduate," explained Mr.Smith. In Mr.Smith's thoughts he couldn't wait to get this spoiled brat out of his office and out of this school. Jim had been nothing but an arrogant ass wipe for the past three years.
"I'm not doing it, no fucking way!" Jim shouted.
Mr.Smith said," Ok Jim if that's what you want to do, I'll see you again next year."
"I'm a senior and this is my last year here!" Jim shouted.
"Not if you don't complete this course, you won't be able to graduate and you'll have to return next year and take the class to graduate." Mr.Smith stressed. Biting his tongue to stop himself from smiling, as he looked at Jim.
"This is some bull shit, my Dads going to hear about this and then all you little fuckers will pay!" Jim angrily shouted and walked out of the office.
Jim's dad did call the school and it was explained to him that it was a state requirement and the school had no choice in the situation. In addition he was informed that Jim had himself put off taking the mandatory class every year.
Jim had no choice but to take the class in order to graduate. He was furious that his 'standing' in school hadn't been able to get him out of it.
Jim did luck out in the fact that other senior girls had put off taking this class too. His class was going to consist of him and twenty five senior girls. Everyone in this class was at least 18 years old.
On the first day of classes Jim showed up 10 minutes late for home economics. Being the first day Miss Jones, the teacher, let his tardiness slip by with just instructions that it should not happen going forward. Jim just shrugged his shoulders and gave her a eat shit look.
Miss Jones was a spinster in her late 50's. She was a very plain woman with glasses and a 1960's swept up hairstyle. A perfect example of an older unmarried teacher that lived with a house full of cats.
Miss Jones handed out the semesters syllabus. Many of the girls, in the all female class, well except for Jim, started skimming over their upcoming assignments. The girls started chattering amongst themselves. A hand went up waving for attention from Miss Jones.
"Yes, you have a question?" Miss Jones asked.
The girl holding her hand up asked, "Are we really going to make our own jungle costumes as our first project?"
Miss Jones replied, "Yes indeed, it's always been my personal favorite project of the year." And we will get started on it the very soon."
"Each semester in this class we structure projects to give students first hand experience with many everyday activities."
"Our first project will be in design and construction of theatrical costumes. You will be required to follow design instructions, put together a finished product and lastly model your item. Doesn't that sound like fun?"
Most of the girls were thinking, oh fuck, this is going to be hard. Jim sat motionless daydreaming and waiting for this ridiculous hour to be over. He had not heard a word Miss Smith had said. His plan was to just show up from time to time and be done with the class.
When the class met next Jim was late again. He came schlepping in about 15 minutes late and headed straight to the back of the room to his chosen seat.
"Jim," Miss Jones sternly spoke, "You're late again, I told you that wasn't going to be tolerated in this class."
"I could care less what the fuck you think! I'm just here to get this shit over with, get my class credit and graduate," Jim spouted.
"That's it Jim, I've taken all the crap I'm going to take from you young man! If you step out of line or are obnoxious to me or any of the girls in this class I will flunk you immediately and you will not graduate, understand boy!" Miss Jones said intently.
Jim retorted, "You can't do that, it's against school policy and if you do I'll get your ass fired! I'm important at this school and I get special treatment around here! You just try it and you'll see what happens!"
With a smirking smile Miss Jones responded, "Jim I've spoken with all your other instructors, the principal and the superintendent about you. They have all agreed that your reign of superiority is over. I have everyone's permission to flunk you at my discretion."
"What kind of crap is going on here," Jim asked.
"No crap about it Jim, if you don't believe me you're excused to go check with the principal and or your counselor." Miss Jones said smiling.
Jim ran to the office, he didn't see the principal but his counselor, Mr Smith was sitting in his office. He burst in and started spilling everything that had just happened.
Mr Smith calmly spoke, "Jim you have had your way at this school for three years. Things have changed, you are no longer in charge. The faculty, principal and superintendent have all agreed we're taking back our school. As I expect Miss Jones has informed you any act of defiance or non compliance gets you a failing grade or suspended."
"This can't be happening not to me, it's just not right!" Jim replied.
"Jim you wouldn't know right from wrong, that's part of your problem, you've never had to take responsibility for anything but now you are," Mr Smith said. "I dare you to step out of line just once, we the faculty are watching your every move."
Jim was visibly shaken. Could this actually be happening? Had his entire world gone haywire?
On his way back to the classroom Jim rounded the corner and ran smack into the principal.
The principal gave Jim a stern look and said, "I've just come from Miss Jones class. Do we have an understanding of how things are going to work from this point forward?"
Jim looked into his authoritarian eyes and shook his head yes.
"We are watching you Jim one false move and your life is screwed, no graduation means no college, no college means you're stuck in this crap town," the principal stated.
Jim continued down the hall toward Miss Jones classroom. His head was spinning like he had just been hit by an eighteen wheeler. Confusion, disbelief and shaken were just a few of the feelings Jim was experiencing. In just a few minutes he had been knocked off his self imposed high standing in school.
Dazed Jim walked back into Miss Jones classroom and started for his seat in the back of the room.
Miss Jones asked, "Is everything ok Jim, do we understand each other now?"
Jim hung his head and mumbled, "Yes." But his mind was whirling with thoughts of, "I'll get even with these bastards."
For the next few classes Jim came on time and sat quietly paying attention.
Miss Jones announced it was time to do the first project. She started handing out designs and patterns for all the costumes they were to complete. There were four different styles of jungle costumes for the girls but only one for the boys, or in this case the boy, Jim.
His costume would consist of a Tarzan-like loin cloth constructed out of faux animal skin. It was basically a string around the waist and a front and back flap. It would be easy to cut out and put together for anyone. Trying to follow the instructions that accompanied Jim's pattern he began the project.
Miss Jones circled the classroom observing everyone's progress. She stopped at the two new girls that had just transferred from a nearby school due to the discovery of asbestos in their school.
"Oh nice work girls, "Miss Jones commented. "Everything you've done looks so professional."
"Thank you Miss Jones, we completed a similar assignment already at our other school," the girls replied.
" Well I just hope this isn't too repetitive for you," Miss Jones said.
"No not at all we both love this sort of project, we enjoy it so much," the smiling girls said.
Jim overheard their conversation and immediately thought of a scheme to get out of doing his project. He would sweet talk the new girls into doing his work. After all his good looks and athletic body had gotten him whatever he wanted in the past.
Sure enough Jim used his exquisite body and face to mesmerize the girls into completely doing his project. He would look busy in class fiddling with the materials and every time Miss Jones would ask if he needed any help he would reply that he wanted to do it on his own.
All the while the new girls were busy doing all the work on his costume.
Miss Jones announced on Thursday that tomorrow Friday would be the first day to see everyone's work. Each student would model their finished costume and have comments and questions from the class.
After class Jim was in the hallway joking around with some of his track buddies. "Yep I got a couple of dumb cunts to do all my work in that stupid class," Jim laughed.
Unbeknownst to Jim the 'dumb cunts' he referred to were standing behind him and heard every word he said.
The girls looked at each other and said, "Let's fix that son-of-a-bitch but good!" They immediately went back to the home economics class room and started modifying Jim's costume, laughing the entire time.
Friday arrived and it was time for everyone to display their work.
"Now students I have set up a room divider screen in the back corner for use when changing into your costumes," Miss Jones explained. "Let's get started."
The costumes the girls modeled were similar in style but varied greatly by fabric. There were oohs and aahs from the class at some of the very nice ones.
"Ok Jim your turn please step behind the screen and change into your finished product," Miss Jones instructed.
Jim went behind the screen and shed his clothes, picked up his costume and did a double take. What the fuck, had his costume shrunk? It was tiny, nothing like what the girls had shown him earlier that week after they had completed it. The front flap didn't look like it was long enough to cover all his junk. And the back flap was basically non existent.
Miss Jones interrupted his thoughts saying, "Jim we don't have all day, let's speed it up in there."
Jim quickly answered, "I've got a problem with the costume." "It's not fitting right."
"What do you mean, you made it from scratch and every time I offered you assistance with it you told me you wanted to do it all on your own. Earlier this week I asked if anyone in class wasn't ready for the show and you said nothing. You did all the work yourself didn't you?" she asked.
Jim was stuck. He couldn't complain about the fit of his costume, he was the one who was supposed to have made it. Then a great idea occurred to him. He would wear his boxer briefs under his costume. She couldn't say anything about that. Yeah he was going to be ok.
Jim slipped back into his briefs and pulled the loincloth over top of them. "Yeah this will work," Jim thought to himself.
Jim stepped out from behind the screen and started for Miss Jones desk at the front of the room.
"Jim, what in the world are you up to?" Miss Jones questioned. "You look ridiculous like that."
"I can't really wear the loincloth the way it is," Jim explained.
"I'm confused Jim," Miss Jones said. "You designed, cut out the pattern and put the costume together for this very moment, right?"
Jim was forced to answer, "Yes."
"Well then I suggest you model the outfit the way it was designed to be worn, without the ridiculous briefs underneath," Miss Jones laughingly said.
Jim slunk back behind the screen and removed his costume and boxer briefs. Slipping the loincloth back on he was shocked at how little material there actually was. There was nothing to it. The front cloth was maybe only four inches in width and barely long enough to cover the tip of his penis. In fact to cover his big penis tip Jim had to lower the waist string so low that the basis of his penis was showing. And looking down over his shoulder the cloth didn't seem to even cover half his butt crack.
"Fuck I can't go out there like this I'm almost naked," Jim thought.
Miss Jones was suddenly just outside the thin screen separating them. "Are you decent," was her question.
"Well kinda decent I guess," Jim answered.
Miss Jones then walked behind the screen to join Jim. Jim, startled, jumped at the surprise of seeing her.
"Ok I see your ready now," she said and grabbed Jim's arm and began to lead him from behind the screen.
Gasps and stunned looks were all around the room as the nearly naked young man was led to the front of the room. Most of the girls were being treated to the view of Jim's butt. It was almost totally exposed. The cloth covering, or a better description not covering, Jim's butt only covered the top of his butt crack. And every time he took a step it flapped up showing his entire butt. His butt cheeks jiggling and bouncing as he was pulled along.
The girls viewing Jim from the front of the room were being treated to snapshots of his junk with every step he took. Each time Jim moved the tiny front flap shifted to the right or left depending on which foot was used, giving the girls peeks of his huge penis and balls.
When he and Miss Jones reached the front of the room and turned to face the girls in the room the gasps started yet again.
Getting a full frontal view of the young hunk was mesmerizing. The string waistband hung low exposing all of Jim's luxurious dark pubes and the base of his penis. Going down from the waist the tiny cloth couldn't possibly cover all of Jim's private's. At the tapered bottom Jim's huge balls were peeking out from both sides.
Jim had no idea how much of his body was exposed to the girls in class, he didn't have their vantage point.
Miss Jones commented, "Oh Jim, I must commend you on the realistic value of your design. The high cut gives the wearer easy movement for any occasion. I believe you have come up with a winning product here. You should be extremely proud of yourself."
"I just can't get over the exquisite workmanship you have invested into this assignment Jim, I'm just beaming with pride," Miss Jones gushed.
"Ok Jim let me step back and you can give us a slow 360 degree turn so we can all take in your quality work," Miss Jones said.
With all this, undeserved, praise Jim was feeling his old superior self coming back. He struck several he man poses before starting his slow rotation. Turning his side to the class most of the girls raised their hands to their mouths in surprise. Jim just assumed that the sight of his super athletic body was too much for them to handle.
Continuing his rotation his almost naked buns came into view. He knew his bubble but was awesome and expected the girls to be amazed by it. Little did Jim realize that all of his butt was visible with the exception of the very top of his butt crack. Again sighs and whispers were coming from the class.
Turning to reveal his other side Jim struck another pose for the girls with a huge smile on his face.
"Jim did you ever try your costume on in front of the mirror?" Miss Jones asked.
"No, why," Jim answered.
Miss Jones replied, "Well if you had bothered to do that you would have been alerted to the fact that while standing sideways to the class your penis and testicles are completely visible to everyone. And when standing with your back to the class every bit of your buttocks is on display."
"What!" Jim shouted, "No this can't be, there's no way this can happen!"
Miss Jones replied, "Since you made it I assumed you fashioned it to be revealing. You did all the work on your own, didn't you?"
Jim had to answer, "Yes," or reveal the truth that he hadn't touched the garment and that would get him flunked or worse expelled. He certainly had no intention on coming back next year just to take this course over again.
Miss Jones said, "Ok then, let's continue. Does anyone in the class have a comment or question?"
Several hands shot up at the same time.
The first question came from a girl in the front row, "Aren't you the least bit embarrassed to be standing in front of a classroom full of young women practically naked?"
Until that moment Jim hadn't had any time to give it much thought. Then looking around the room full of girls staring at him. All at once he realized just how naked he was and started blushing and moving his hands to help cover his crotch.
"Guess that answers my question," the same girl remarked.
The next question came from one of the two new girls that had altered Jim's costume, "I can't tell from where I'm sitting, what type of material did you use to make your loincloth?"
"Oh fuck," Jim thought. He had no idea. The two girls that made it for him chose the kind of cloth to be used.
"Awe... it's...awe...," Jim stuttered.
Miss Jones jumped in to save him, or so Jim thought. "This is a great learning experience we have here. Why don't you come closer and see if you can identify the type of material?"
The young girl was up and out of her seat in a jiffy. She walked up about two feet from Jim. She bent down in front of him examining the cloth intently.
"I'm not sure it could be one of several different fabrics," she uttered. "Can I feel the material to better determine what it is?"
"Sure you can if you think it might help you determine its identity," Miss Jones answered.
Jim thought, "That cunt made this costume and she knows exactly what it's made out of."
The she moved a bit closer bent down to one side of Jim's crotch and took hold of the edge of the loincloth. She began rubbing it between her finger and thumb. With each movement of the cloth rubbing against Jim's penis it started to stir..
Miss Jones spoke up and asked,"Any ideas yet?"
The girl answered with, "I'm still not sure, I don't know if this is the right side of the material. May I check the underside to be sure?"
"Anything that will help you determine the correct answer," Miss Jones answered.
With the edge of the fabrics still in her grip the young girl slowly lifted up the loincloth, this time the cloth grazing Jim's penis head. She kept raising the cloth up until Jim's penis head was totally visible to the entire room. Then suddenly she lifted it all the way up exposing Jim's entire semi hard penis.
Jim's penis jumped both from the cloth touching and the fact that the class could now see his entire penis. Jim kept waiting for Miss Jones to stop what was happening but she just kept looking and waiting for an answer from the girl.
"Well it could be suede or a man made fabric, I'm just not sure yet." she replied.
As Jim's penis continued to grow he was feverishly trying to think of a way to stop this soon to be disaster.
Just then the young girl released her grip on Jim's loincloth and it fell back covering some his penis. That couldn't have happened at a better time, Jim's growing penis was once again somewhat concealed.
"Miss Jones asked again, "So what is your decision, tell us which material you think it is."
"Well I stopped looking before I made up my mind. It seemed that Jim was starting to get uncomfortable, I mean embarrassed and I didn't want to cause him any embarrassment," she said. " So if it's alright with you, Miss Jones, I'll continue my examination with the little flap in the back of his costume."
Miss Jones said, "How considerate of you and yes please continue."
The young girl moved behind Jim and immediately started tugging on the back flap.
The tugging caused the front flap to start rubbing against Jim's already growing penis.
Jim's penis was now starting to tent in front. What could he do to keep this from happening? Jim was becoming terrified of what might happen if she didn't stop fidgeting with the cloth soon..
Jim requested, "Miss Jones may I please be excused to go to the restroom, I need to go?"
She replied, "Nonsense Jim, we're right in the middle of class, you may go after your demonstration is over."
"Oh god what can I do to stop this car wreck?" Jim just kept asking himself.
"Are you having better luck with the fabric back there?" asked Miss Jones.
The girl answered, "Yes and no...the size of this little flap doesn't give me much to work with but I think I can maneuver it around to make my determination."
She tugged the back flap to the right which pulled the front flap to expose the right side of Jim's penis and ball. Then she tugged it to the left exposing the left side of Jim's penis and ball. Again each time the cloth moved it rubbed across Jims penis head making him more and more erect.
Jim's penis was now almost completely erect. The small front flap was barely able to cover it.
The girl finally says, "I believe it's faux suede," Miss Jones.
"Ok Jim what's the answer what fabric did you use?. Miss Jones asked.
Jim started to answer the question but all the tugging and pulling that had happened put too much strain on the thin string waistband and it snapped. The flimsy loincloth floated slowly to the floor landing on Jim's. feet. Jim, dumbstruck, was frozen in place. All he could do was to look down at his penis, it had never looked harder. It was throbbing and twitching with its deep pink head starting to leak fluid.
The classroom was totally stunned. There in the front of the class he stood a completely naked young man sporting a huge erection. Everyone was mesmerized and astonished at the site.
"Jim...Jim...JIM," it finally registered that someone was shouting his name. He turned toward the classroom door to discover the principal standing there staring at his naked erection. Jim also noticed numerous fellow students in the hallway gawking at him.
Jim slowly turned his head toward Miss Jones with a blank look on his face. She was now standing next to him. she reached out and lightly touched his shoulder bringing him out of the transfixed state he had slipped into.
Shaking his head several times as if to try and clear it Jim looked around the room seeing all the astonished faces. Suddenly everything came back to him. He looked down to see his exposed erect penis throbbing and dripping pre cum. Realizing his situation he covers himself with both hands and starts to sprint to the back of the room to recover his clothes.
Not noticing the wet spot at his feet, created by his dribbling penis, Jim slips stumbles and falls flat on his back onto Miss Jonne's desk. Jim now resembled a sundial with his erect penis pointing straight up toward the ceiling. From this vantage point it gave the classroom the underside view of his throbbing penis.
Jim surmised the situation and began to sob. He was completely embarrassed and humiliated. He couldn't stop crying, he didn't know what to cover with his hands, his penis or his face. He just kept moving them back and forth.
How could this have happened to him. He would be the laughing stock of the school. They all knew what he looked like under his clothes. Naked and hard in the classroom for everyone to ogle. Everyone there knew exactly what his penis looked like when it got erect. How would he be able to look anyone in the eye again. Totally and completely humiliated.