It was a man's world, but Maxine Milagra intended to change that.
She stood with her arms folded, looking out the window of her 37thfloor corner office. A panorama of high-rise buildings spread out in all directions.
Maxine looked upon the view with satisfaction. It was the best in the city.
"I earned this view," she said to herself. "Damn right."
This office was one of the many perks of being the managing partner of Dunbar, Warshein & Masterson, one of the city's preeminent law firms. Maxine had won the position four months earlier.
Maxine was the first female managing partner in the firm's history. She knew what some of the older male partners - the Old Boys, she called them - thought of that, and of her. Maxine was not one of the boys. She was not smooth. She did not come from money. She was not clubby. Instead, she was abrasive and aggressive, and she was constantly hustling. While those qualities did not endear her to the firm's old male guard, they made her a great lawyer. By her twentieth year in practice, she had established herself as one of the best and most feared plaintiff's discrimination lawyers in the city, and one of the biggest rainmakers in the firm.
She loved fighting battles in court. She loved fighting of any kind. She loved taking down big corporations for discriminating against the weak and the helpless, and she fought against every kind of discrimination: gender, race, nationality, you name it. Recently she had won an important judgment against a company for illegally discriminating against the disabled. The company had an employee of 20 years who had become blind because of a long-term illness. The company refused to make a reasonable accommodation that would allow him to continue doing his job by reading company documents in braille. Since he could not do the job without the accommodation, the company fired him. So, he went to Maxine Milagra to represent him. She did. She won at trial, and she won the appeal as well. The case set an important legal precedent for how employers must provide reasonable accommodations for their disabled employees. Maxine took enormous pride in having advanced the law to accommodate people with disabilities. Her partners took enormous satisfaction in the very large contingency fee that resulted from the huge money judgment.
To Maxine, the best part had been the cross-examination of the company's CEO, an old white privileged male that Maxine had beaten into the ground with four hours of relentless questions. By the time he had left the witness box no one in the courtroom had any doubt what the jury would do. Maxine saw to it the jury would see him as a sniveling, lying pile of goo. The only question was how much the company would pay. In the end, they paid a lot for fighting against Maxine Milagra.
Maxine's partners were so happy with the great press and huge end-of-the-year bonuses that followed her victory that they decided to make her the managing partner. They did it even though most of them did not like her.
Ballcrusher, the men called her. She loved that. In fact, she loved it so much she had commissioned a sculpture of one of her shoes stepping on top and squashing several balls. It was on display on a shelf in her office.
No, Maxine was not loved, even in her own firm. But she was respected and feared. She knew those Old Boys worried that she might sue them if they passed over her. So, they had made her managing partner despite their biases and fears.
Once she had the power, she began to use it. The first order of business was to lay down new intra-office rules to keep the men from harassing and mistreating the women. She established an office conduct committee, with a majority of women. She established a policy against intra-office fraternization. She appointed other female attorneys as committee chairs.
The most important part of her plan, however, was to hire more women. Women made up only a quarter of the firm's attorneys, and less than a tenth of its partners. Maxine thought that was disgraceful. If she could hire more women and see to it that enough women were made partners of the firm within six years, then her power would be secure. Maxine could be the managing partner for another twenty years.
And with that pleasing thought in mind she ran her hands down her navy-blue pantsuit and strode in her fake leather flat-heeled black shoes back to her desk. In a few minutes, she was scheduled to interview a new job prospect. A very promising one at that.
The prospect arrived right on time. Her name, according to the resume that lay before Maxine on her vast mahogany desk, was Deirdre Reichert. The resume was impeccable: Phi Beta Kappa in college, Stanford Law School, editor of the Law Review, straight As. Maxine also was delighted to see that Deirdre had spent time working at an indigent women's law clinic. Hiring young women out of law school like Deirdre was a key to Maxine's strategy to increase the role of women in the firm and expand her power.
Maxine was seated at her desk when the prospect arrived. A junior partner named Ron escorted her to Maxine's office. Maxine's door was open, but Ron knocked on the open door before entering.
"Maxine, hi! I've got Ms. Reichert with me, ready for her interview."
Ron stepped aside and let Deirdre step forward.
Maxine had to suppress her surprise at Deirdre's appearance. Like Maxine, Deirdre was dressed in navy blue. But that was where the similarity ended. Deirdre wore a tight-fitting blue jacket over a crisp white blouse, with a matching blue skirt that ended well above her knee. The form-fitting suit did little to hide Deirdre's ample bust and slim, shapely legs. Maxine observed that her black pumps, with 3-inch heels, were expensive and well-shined. Her black-rimmed glasses and hair, done up in a tight ice-blond bun, somehow accentuated, rather than offset, the sexiness of her outfit.
Maxine was conflicted. On the one hand, she had an aversion to women who dressed like "barbies", as she called them. Maxine couldn't stand women cultivating the attention of men, wittingly or unwittingly. If she had her way, she would ban entirely men noticing or commenting on the appearance of female coworkers.
On the other hand, Maxine was not, herself, above noticing the charms of especially attractive younger attorneys. Maxine had cultivated charming, young, female attorneys in the past, and she had discreetly indulged in relationships with those attorneys despite her public views about office fraternization. It was a well-known, but never-discussed, office secret. Maxine from time to time identified a promising young ingenue, and slowly cultivated a relationship until the young apprentice could give her the physical satisfaction she craved. It was risky, because she was violating her own policy, but so far, her office dalliances had escaped widespread notice. There were whispers, here and there, but people at Dunbar were loath to spread gossip about Maxine out of fear of what might happen to their jobs.
Maxine stepped from behind her desk and welcomed Deirdre with a firm handshake.
"Welcome to Dunbar, Marshein, and Masterson, Deirdre."
"Thank you, Ms. MIlagra! I'm delighted to be here."
"They've given you the run of the place?"
"They've showed me a lot. I'm impressed."
Maxine ushered Deirdre to her chair and took her own seat behind the desk.
"We've been around for a while," she began, "but the truth is this firm is anything but stuffy or old guard. Certainly, some of our attorneys fit that mold, but we have a bold, progressive vision for the future."
"I'm glad to hear that, Ms. Milagra."
"Excellent! And you can call me 'Maxine.'"
Maxine had carefully placed Deirdre's chair far enough back from the desk that she had an unobscured view of Deirdre's long, shapely legs below the hem of the short skirt, which, after Deirdre sat, had ridden pleasingly far up Deirdre's well-toned thighs. Maxine did everything possible to soak up the sight of Deirdre's legs as much as possible without being obvious about it. Women noticed gawking, and no doubt a woman as attractive as Deirdre had long since grown accustomed to men staring at her.
"What practice department are you interested in?" Maxine asked.
"Definitely employment discrimination law," Deirdre said, crossing her legs in the most delicious way. "I read the case decision you litigated to success, and I wrote a law review comment about it."
"That's flattering!" Maxine beamed. They chatted more about Deirdre's interests and Maxine mixed in stories about her various successes and her hopes for the firm. By the end of the half-hour, when Deirdre stood up to leave, turning to reveal an ass that made Maxine think of a ripe peach, Maxine was ready to hire her.
The offer went out five days later, after the firm had completed the interviews. Deirdre accepted at once. Maxine was delighted. She looked forward to Deirdre being a new foot soldier in her campaign to transform the firm. She also looked forward to the sight of Deirdre stretched over her desk with her blue suit on the ground.
A week later, Deirdre walked into the firm and took her office as the firm's most junior member of the Employment Department. Maxine saw to it that she was assigned to some cases she supervised, but she took care not to show too much interest in Deirdre right away. She did not want to arouse suspicion.
Something about Deirdre stirred conflicting feelings inside Maxine: the brevity of her skirts. The firm had long since abandoned strict dress codes as sexist and outdated, but women attorneys still more or less observed a custom that skirts would fall only so far above the knee. Deirdre stretched the custom past the breaking point. Her skirts were shorter than any other attorney's. Maxine wasn't sure what she thought about that. On the one hand, she hated the idea of Deirdre putting on a show for the lecherous, predatory, sexist men in the office. But on the other hand, . . . her legs sure were nice to look at. Every time Deirdre entered Maxine's office to talk to her, it was all Maxine could do to stop her eyes from sweeping over the magnificent curves of Diedre's thighs and calves, and that perfect, smooth, supple, glowing skin. Maxine's insides tingled every time Diedre crossed her legs. Her heart beat louder every time Diedre stood up to leave and walked away, showing those gorgeous and endlessly long stems under the hem of her short skirt.
Maxine dwelled on these thoughts one Tuesday morning as Deirdre entered her office and sat down in a chair next to her to discuss her research on a particular legal question in disability discrimination questions.
Maxine tried to concentrate on Deirdre's presentation of her research, but she found it increasingly difficult to prevent her gaze from straying to Deirdre's legs, especially on those few occasions when Deirdre crossed and re-crossed her legs. Maxine worried that her attention would be obvious, but if Deirdre noticed, she gave nothing away.
"This is impressive work, Deirdre," Maxine said at last. "You seem to have hit the ground running here. Are you enjoying the work?"
"Thank you, Maxine," Deirdre replied. "I'm enjoying everything about working here."
With that, Deirdre re-crossed her legs once more, this time more widely and conspicuously than before, and Maxine almost fell out of her seat.
She could have sworn Deirdre was not wearing any panties—that she caught a brief, fleeting, shadowy—but unmistakable--glance at Deirdre's vulva, shaved and bare, under the skirt.
Maxine struggled to maintain her composure. Deirdre's face remained impassive and inscrutable.
Maxine fumbled her way through the rest of the discussion, barely aware of what she or Deirdre were saying.
"Ah, good work, Deirdre," she said at last. "Why don't you do a little more research on federal precedents on the statute of limitations issue, and then summarize everything in your memo."
"I'll have it on your desk tomorrow," Deirdre said, standing up and smoothing her skirt over her endless, delicious legs.
When she left the office, Maxine sighed.
"Holy shit."
Maxine's dalliances in the past had included very attractive young women, but Deirdre was in an entirely different class. Maxine knew she had to be careful, but the lust for this young impressionable woman rose fast in her breast, and she would not be denied.
Later in the evening, when most of her colleagues had left the office, Maxine formed a plan.
* * * *
The next day, she called Tony, from the IT department. She had a task for him to do, a task she couldn't ask anyone else to do. She knew Tony would do it, because, unbeknownst to anyone else at the firm, Tony had a criminal record: a sex crime conviction from 10 years earlier. Maxine had hired him in part because she thought people deserved a second chance, but mostly because she wanted someone who would agree to do things that no other IT specialist would do, and who wouldn't question her orders out of fear of being exposed and losing his job.
She instructed Tony to install two tiny video cameras in Deirdre's office—one under Deirdre's desk, and one in the sconce of a lamp on the wall. Tony configured the cameras so Maxine could see Deirdre on camera on her office desktop at any time. The camera lenses were expertly concealed.
It was risky, dangerous, and, yes, unethical, but Maxine was, after all, the firm's managing partner, and leadership had its prerogatives.
And, besides, if she was careful, nobody would ever know.
A few days later, when Maxine knew she was going to be working late, she assigned Deirdre the task of writing a motion that was due the next day. She knew Deirdre would have to stay late at the office as well to get it done, after most of the other attorneys and staff had left.
After hours, Maxine closed the door to her office, and on her computer monitor she opened the windows to the streams from the cameras in Deirdre's office.
One window showed Deirdre from the side, from the point of view of the wall lamp. Deirdre sat at her desk in a crisp, creamy, buttoned blouse and a blue skirt. Her fingers moved rapidly over the keyboard of her computer. Obviously, she was working on the motion Maxine had assigned her.
The other camera, discreetly fixed at the meeting of the underside of the desktop and the modesty panel, pointed forward, to the space between Deirdre's legs.
Maxine gasped.
Deirdre's legs were splayed wide open, and, as before, she wore no panties. Though it was shadowy in the dim light under the desk, her bare pussy was plainly revealed. And what a pussy! Utterly bare, with delicate, thin lips peeking out from between her outer labia. Deirdre sat with her skirt hiked up and her legs unusually far apart, causing her lips to part, too. Maxine could see the dusky interior of Deirdre's pussy between her lips.
Maxine's hand went straight to her own pussy, snaking under her the waistband of her pants, to her flesh. She plunged two fingers inside her and left a thumb over the prominence of her clit. She masturbated as she watched Deirdre on camera.
Her astonishment—and arousal—grew as she watched Deirdre take a hand away from the keyboard to her blouse. One by one, she undid the buttons, exposing a frilly white bra underneath. When the hand was done with the buttons and the blouse lay open to the waste, it moved back up, and pulled one of the cups of the bra down. Deirdre's breast popped out.
Maxine was beside herself. She didn't know which window to focus on—the one that showed Deirdre's pussy under the desk, or the one that showed her breast exposed to her office. Deirdre's nipple and areola were the most exquisite pale shade of pink. Maxine's finger pushed deeper and faster inside her, as she watched her protégé—that's how she thought of Deirdre—play with herself. It was too, too much. Maxine arched her back and let the orgasm erupt from somewhere deep inside her body. Oh! Such bliss. No porn show could be better. Her eyes closed briefly to savor the feeling, and when she opened them, she noticed that Deirdre, too, leaned back in her chair, hand on her tit, and body spasming. Deirdre had come at the same time!
It boded well for the future.
When her body stopped shaking, Maxine removed her hand from her pants, took a few breaths, turned off her computer, and stood up and left her office.
* * * *
The next day, she made an excuse to herself to wander over to Deirdre's office, on the 36thfloor, one beneath Maxine's. Deirdre wasn't in her office. Maxine knitted her brow. Where was she? She continued down the hallway around the perimeter of the office floor, until she approached the main conference room, which was open and exposed behind floor-to-ceiling glass panels. Maxine was puzzled to see three attorneys ahead of her, staring into the conference room, oblivious of Maxine.
"My god," said one of them, a 30-something tax attorney named Oscar, whom Maxine despised.
"Shit," said another, an older antitrust litigation named Anthony.
Maxine wondered what they were staring at so intently, so she drew closer and stared into the conference room.
Deirdre sat in a chair inside, working at a laptop atop the long conference table. That wasn't odd. What WAS odd was that she sat with her skirt hiked to her waste and a leg on top of the table. Her legs splayed brazenly open, and her pussy lay fully bared to anyone looking from outside into the conference room, including Maxine and the three male attorneys standing in the hall ahead of her.
It was outrageous. It was unthinkable. Deirdre—her protégé!—servicing the disgusting, lecherous desires of Maxine's male colleagues by exposing herself in such a brazen way.
It was a betrayal of Maxine's trust and confidence in her. A betrayal of Maxine's plans for the firm.
Maxine stormed past the three mail attorneys and threw open the glass conference room door.
"What are you doing?" she yelled at Deirdre. "Put your legs down."
Deirdre, never once deviating from her inscrutable, impassive expression, put her legs down slowly, giving Maxine plenty of time to appreciate the extravagant floral lips of Deirdre's bare pussy. Deirdre put her feet on the ground, closed her knees, and folded her hands in her lap, looking at Maxine the entire time.
"What's wrong?" she asked, with an innocent, demure face.
"What's wrong?!" Maxine replied, sputtering with rage. "You are exposing yourself! There are men standing outside the conference room ogling you!"
Maxine expected Deirdre to fold in shame and supplication, but she said nothing, continuing to stare calmly at Maxine with her hands on her lips.
"What do you have to say for yourself?" Maxine asked, her voice so loud it reverberated throughout the room.
"Nothing," said Deirdre, seemingly imperturbable.
"Then get out of here!" Maxine said. "Now! You are fired." Maxine pointed to the conference room door.
Deirdre got up, still calm, walked out of the conference room, and then down the hallway, until she was out of sight. All three of the male attorneys, who had not moved, and had been joined by two others, stared after her.
Maxine was beside herself. And her mind was quickly pondering the logistics of what she'd just done. Technically speaking, she didn't have the authority unilaterally to fire an associate attorney by herself. It would have to be done by the employment committee. But surely, they would agree that Deirdre would have to be fired after disgracing herself in such a brazen way.
Maxine strode back to her office, elbowing one of the male attorneys aside. She closed her door. She stewed in rage and disappointment about what Deirdre had done.
* * * *
Two days later, she received a letter.
It was from Arnold DiNovi, an attorney whom Maxine despised more than any other attorney she could think of. Like Maxine, he practiced in the field of employee discrimination, but more often on the side of the employers. They'd had many cases against each other, and they were evenly split in their victories and losses. Arnold had a cold, quiet, smarmy manner that Maxine could not stand. He had a talent for getting under her skin that no other attorney ever had. He was a sleaze who stretched the legal rules every which way he could get away with to help his client. She admired his tenacity and his results, but still wanted to take a shower after every time she encountered him.
The letter said this:
"Dear Ms. Milagra:
"I write to you, as the managing partner of Dunbar, Warshein, and Masterson ("DWM"), on behalf of my client, Deirdre Reichert, one of your associate attorneys. Two days ago, you purported to "fire" Ms. Reichert from her job, without cause or notice.
"Your purported termination of Ms. Reichert's employment is an egregious violation of Ms. Reichert's rights under her employment contract with DWM, as well as a violation of state and federal laws against sexual discrimination and harassment, and, most notably, a violation of her rights under the Americans with Disabilities Act."
"Ms. Reichert intends aggressively to assert her rights under the law against DWM and will commence legal proceedings at once, unless this matter can be appropriately resolved to her satisfaction soon. I am preparing a complaint, as well as a press release, as you are reading this. I'm sure that the legal community and public will be very interested to hear how you and your office, which claim to vindicate the rights of those who are discriminated against, have threatened to ruin the career of this brilliant young woman, of whose potential lifetime income stream I do not need to remind you.
"Please contact my office at once so we can set up a meeting to discuss this matter right away.
"Yours very truly,
Arnold DiNovi."
Maxine, stifling a scream, crumpled the letter into a ball and threw it against the wall.
She stewed over the letter. It was absurd, without any legal justification. Sure, she could have handled the termination differently, after consulting her partners, but without doubt the result would have been the same. No law firm could be expected to tolerate what Deirdre had done.
She puzzled a bit over Arnold's reference to an ADA claim. What could that mean?
But Maxine didn't puzzle long. She punched the button on her phone.
"Ramona," she said to her secretary. "Get Arnold DiNovi on the line."
* * * *
Four days later, Maxine Milagra sat on one side of a long table in a conference room in the offices of DiNovi and Battle, LLP. Three other attorneys, members of her firm's managing committee, all men, sat on her side. Across the table sat Deirdre, Arnold DiNovi, and another man that Maxine knew well, and whose presence puzzled and unnerved her.
It was Bob Briarson. He was a forensic psychologist who made his living testifying as an expert witness in disability discrimination cases. He was well known in her circles as the most expensive and most valuable expert witness whore in the region. Briarson would testify to anything, given a high enough price. Maxine had used him as a witness in several cases, all of them successful. Despite his rampantly mercenary approach to his craft, Briarson nevertheless won over juries and helped clients win cases with his folksy, easy-to-understand manner. Juries loved him.
Maxine sat uneasily across the table from the three of them, waiting for things to get started.
"Shall we begin?" Arnold asked, his reedy, smarmy voice annoying Maxine like nails on a chalkboard.
"Yes, let's start," said Thomas Wilmore, III, a Dunbar senior partner to Maxine's right. They had agreed, over Maxine's initial objection, that he would take the lead in this mediation, because of his greater emotional distance from the dispute. Maxine gritted her teeth. It was vexing, once again, to be treated as an emotional female by my colleagues. But as the one who had fired Deirdre, she couldn't help but relent at the suggestion to let Thomas take over on the firm's behalf.
Arnold began what obviously was a rehearsed speech.
"Last week, Maxine Milagra, the managing partner of Dunbar, Warshein, and Masterson, without cause, and without any notice or process, purported to terminate the employment of my client, Deirdre Reichert. As all you know, I'm sure, Ms. Reichert had impeccable credentials and her work so far in her brief career at Dunbar—even in the words of Ms. Milagra here—was impeccable."
Thomas interrupted him.
"Arnold, nobody disputes this. For the purposes of this mediation, we will stipulate to Deirdre's qualifications. But she was deliberately, obviously, indisputably exposing her . . . well, you know . . . to other attorneys in the office while sitting in a conference room. That's totally unacceptable. Any firm would be within its rights to fire her, surely."
Arnold drummed his fingers on the table and stared at the attorneys across from him like a patient, predatory lizard.
"Actually, Thomas, that's not true." He turned to his side.
"Bob, why don't you explain?"
Bob Briarson adjusted his tie and cleared his throat.
"Yes, well, I've met with Ms. Reichert for several hours, examined her at length, and subjected her to a battery of tests. And it is my professional opinion that Ms. Reichert has a condition known as irresistible exhibitionism. She is compelled on a regular basis to expose her body. She cannot help it."
"And it is my legal opinion," continued Arnold, "based on Dr. Briarson's expert psychological diagnosis, that Ms. Reichert's condition qualifies as a disability within the meaning of state and federal laws, and that the Dunbar firm therefore has an obligation to provide a reasonable accommodation for her disability."
Maxine could barely contain her outrage and fury.
"That is the stupidest thing I've ever heard," she said, hands tightly gripping the edge of the table.
"On the contrary, Maxine," Arnold continued. "My legal opinion is based substantially upon the legal precedent Reese v. Wardell, Equipment, Inc., a case with which, as the successful plaintiff's attorney, you, more than anyone, should be well acquainted."
Maxine hissed. "That case has nothing to do with this."
"Oh, I assure you it does," said Arnold in reply, staring back at Maxine with a cold, satisfied, reptilian smile. "Thanks to that legal precedent, the definition of a qualifying "disability" within the meaning of the law expanded considerably, as did the employer's duty to take reasonable steps to accommodate the disability."
Maxine sat mute. As much as she wanted to dispute what Arnold said, he was right. Her own litigation efforts had significantly broadened the ability of plaintiffs to assert plausible disability claims for conditions not previously recognized as qualifying under the law.
Before she could reply, Thomas patted her hand, in a patronizing manner, signaling he wanted her to let him do the talking.
"Do you have an expert report to share with us?" he said, looking at Bob Briarson.
"We do, as a matter of fact," Arnold replied, pushing a 15-page, stapled paper report across the table to Thomas.
Thomas picked it up and scanned its contents for a minute, before putting it back on the table. He looked up from the table and across the table.
"What does your client want, Arnold?"
"We want Dunbar to rescind its termination of Ms. Reichert's employment, to pay her a reasonable sum for injury to her reputation for Dunbar's unreasonable and negative acts relating to her career, and to make her a reasonable accommodation."
"What do you mean," Thomas asked, "by 'reasonable accommodation?'"
"Just this," Arnold replied, and all Maxine could see was the thin-lipped smile spreading over his face, the rest of him disappearing like the body of the Cheshire cat. "Dunbar must accommodate Ms. Reichert's exhibitionism. To be clear, it must provide a reasonable time and place, during work hours and in the workplace, to display her body. Naked."
Nobody said anything at first. Maxine wanted to throw something, but she wasn't sure if she wanted to throw it more at Arnold or at one of her partners.
Thomas spoke up, finally.
"What if we let her take off her clothes at certain times in her office, with the doors closed?"
"That won't do," said Arnold. "As an exhibitionist, Ms. Reichert must have people look at her. She must have an opportunity to display herself, naked, to others in the office."
"I see," said Thomas. "Why don't you give us 15 minutes to discuss this?"
"Gladly," Arnold said. Arnold, Bob, and Deirdre left the conference room.
After the door closed, Maxine exploded.
"This is complete bullshit!"
She scanned the faces of her three male partners. They revealed nothing.
"You caused this, Maxine," said one of them named Baylen.
"What?" Maxine asked, barely containing her anger.
"You didn't go through the proper procedure," Baylen continued. "You had no authority to fire her on the spot. If we'd handled this the right way, we might not be in the spot."
"But we are in this spot!" Maxine said through clinched teeth. She wanted to add "asshole!" but didn't.
"Yes, we are," said the third partner, Jack, "Because of you. So, what are we going to do about it?"
"We stand on principle," Maxine said. "We don't buckle to this extortion. We stick to our guns."
"Well, that's easy to say, Maxine," Thomas said. "But we have the welfare of the firm, and all the attorneys and staff who depend on it, to think of."
"She IS an excellent attorney, after all," said Jack. "You told me yourself just the other day, Maxine."
"I've seen her work," said Baylen. "She's very talented."
"And a looker, too," said Jack. Baylen and Thomas nodded.
"What the fuck does THAT have to do with?" Maxine asked, furious.
"I'm just saying . . . if we're going to have a naked attorney in the office in the office, she might as well be a good-looking one."
Maxine was fit to burst.
"I cannot believe you are talking this way."
Thomas held up his hand.
"Maxine, we are in a pickle. You fired this smart, lovely young woman without going through our termination processes, which you, as you may remember, were responsible for setting up. If we don't resolve this, Arnold is going to go public. Whether or not he can win his lawsuit, the bad publicity for the firm would be devastating. Can you imagine what our clients will think? We have some conservative clients."
"Can you imagine what our conservative clients will think and do when they find out we have a naked woman attorney working in our office, showing off her you-know-what to everyone who walks by?"
"Well, now," said Baylen, "There's a way of dealing with that, I think."
"What's that?" Maxine asked. She looked at Thomas and Jack. They didn't mirror her skepticism; they looked eager and curious.
"How about setting a time each day for her to work in the conference room on the 34thfloor? It's mostly taken up by the law library and the tech staff, but we could, you know, set up a portion of the hallway with the conference room that would be cordoned off, accessible only by, you know, authorized personnel." He glanced at both Thomas and Jack, who nodded. "She gets her kicks, nobody but some authorized attorneys are the wiser, and we avoid all this unpleasantness."
With disgust, Maxine noticed that both Thomas and Jack were nodding at Jack's proposal.
* * * *
A week later, Deirdre was back in her office. The dispute had been discreetly settled. No lawsuit had been filed, and in exchange, the Dunbar firm had agreed to give Deirdre her office back, paid her a five-figure sum, and agreed to let her exhibit herself for an hour a day in the 34thfloor conference room. It had been a bit tricky figuring out how to pull it off. The firm's management didn't want women associate attorneys or staff members to know what it had agreed to, so it limited access to that portion of the floor to carefully selected male attorneys, who, since Deirdre's return, found reasons to visit that section of the 34thfloor, where they could watch Deirdre doing her work in various stages of undress.
Maxine stewed in her office. Deirdre, her intended protégé, should have been hers, but somehow, everything had gone wrong. Maxine refused to visit the 34thfloor, but she knew that at one point or another most of the firm's male attorneys visited that section of the floor to spy on Deirdre. She knew from reports from one of her inside staffers that in the conference room Deirdre would splay her legs high and wide, revealing everything under her skirt. It drove Maxine crazy to think about it.
Fortunately, she still had her secret cameras to spy on Deirdre in her office. It was 7 pm on a Tuesday evening, and Maxine was staying late to work on a legal brief, and she knew Deirdre would be staying late too to finish research requested by one of her male peers.
With the tap of a few keys, she opened the streaming windows into Deirdre's office. Deirdre sat in her chair, posture upright, in a creamy blouse and a tan skirt. The loveliness of her figure and face, framed in that tight, blond bun of hair and those black sunglasses, made Maxine tingle inside. It should have worked out differently.
In the camera, Maxine noticed Deirdre look up. Somebody had entered her office. Not one person, but three—three young male associate attorneys. She didn't know them well but recognized them as associates in the business acquisitions department. She wondered what they would be doing visiting Deirdre at such a late time of day.
She found out, soon enough. The three men gathered around Deirdre, and she pushed her chair back from her desk.
Deirdre began unbuttoning her blouse. Maxine looked on, incredulous, unable to turn away.
Deirdre pulled her blouse open and unsnapped her bra from the front. Maxine barely stifled a groan when the plump fruit of Deirdre's breasts sprang free. Her desire turned to disgust when the three men drew closer to Deirdre and took turns grabbing and massaging those breasts.
Those should be my hands, Maxine thought.
The men pulled Deirdre out of her chair, and then they were upon her, with their hands, their mouths, their grinding hips. Maxine couldn't stand it, but she couldn't stop watching. Those disgusting male hands fumbled over Deirdre's skirt, until, at last, it lay on the carpet below. Deirdre, of course, wore no panties, so she stood completely naked in her office with the three young men fondling her. Deirdre's labia lay bare, and Maxine looked on, appalled, as the men's hands snaked down her torso and caressed her there.
One of the men hopped up onto Deirdre's desk, and he fished his penis out of his fly. It stood hard and upright, waving at the ceiling. He patted the desk. The other two men lifted Deirdre by the hips and positioned her nude body on top of their colleague's lap. Maxine saw his penis disappear between her legs.
Maxine couldn't stand it, but she couldn't fight her arousal. Her hand disappeared beneath the waistband of her pants, until it touched her vulva.
Maxine groaned.
Meanwhile, Deirdre, seemingly impaled on the cock of her colleague on the desk, lifted her face to the ceiling and closed her eyes and opened her mouth. Maxine had no audio feed, so she could only wonder what noises the four of them were making in the office. The only sound Maxine heard was the sound of her hand on her own pussy.
One of the attorneys unzipped his fly and approached Deirdre from behind. His hands spread Deirdre's ass cheeks open, and his cock disappeared inside the crack between those cheeks.
The other man circled around to the side of the desk, and he too unzipped his pants, and his cock sprang forth. Deirdre, with a cock in her pussy and a cock in her ass, bent down so she could receive the final cock in her mouth.
Maxine, appalled yet fascinated, watched the four-way, spellbound, while her hand moved furiously over her own pussy. She came right away.
"Deirdre, Deirdre," she called to nobody and nothing but the diplomas on her wall as her body shook. "So unfair."
When her body was still, her desire abated, and her resolve stiffened.
She left her office in a fury and took the stair steps three at a time to the floor beneath her.
In a minute she was at the door of Deirdre's office. It was closed, of course.
Maxine threw the door open, to witness the depraved scene of Deirdre moaning with ecstasy as three men plundered her holes.
"Stop this at once!" Maxine cried.
Her order had its effect. All three of the men pulled away from Deirdre, and one of them tripped over a chair and fell to the ground. They looked at Maxine as though stricken. Deirdre looked disappointed.
"Get out of here!" Maxine cried. "Leave and never come back. Now!"
All four of the attorneys fumbled with their clothes, left the office, and retreated from Maxine down the hallway.
* * * *
Two days later, Maxine received another letter. It was addressed to her, and to all the individual members of the firm's managing committee. It was from Arnold DiNovi, demanding another meeting.
Maxine threw it in the waste can, but 15 minutes later Thomas Wilmore III knocked on her door.
* * * *
Three days later, Maxine and her three colleagues sat across the table, once again, from Arnold DiNovi, Deirdre, and Bob Briarson, in a conference room at DiNovi's office. It was all Maxine could do to keep herself calm.
"Arnold," Thomas began. "We agreed to everything you wanted before. But this is too much. Surely, you cannot justify Ms. Reichert's behavior."
"She's turning the office into a brothel," Maxine growled.
"Let me handle this, Maxine," Thomas said, patting her hand. Really, it was insufferable.
"Actually, Thomas," Arnold said, in his most reptilian tone of voice, "We can justify it. Dr. Briarson?"
"After this last episode, I, uh, conducted more tests of Ms. Reichert," Briarson said. "It seems that Ms. Reichert is not just an exhibitionist, but a full-fledged nymphomaniac. To put it simply, she needs sex all the time. She is not able to last the entire workday without it."
Maxine wanted to explode. She wanted to throw a chair at the conference room window. She wanted to take Arnold DiNovi's lizard face in her hands and crush it. It took every drop of self-control she had learned as an attorney to master her wants. She deferred to Thomas, hating herself as she did so.
"I assume you have prepared a report on this . . . condition . . . for us to look at?" he asked.
"Of course," said Arnold, sliding a neatly stapled sheaf of papers across the table.
"Hmmm," said Thomas, without looking at the papers. "What do you want?"
Maxine felt as though she was being stabbed in the gut as Arnold DiNovi described what his client wanted.
Fifteen minutes later, Maxine and her three partners, Thomas, Baylen, and Jack, sat alone in the conference room to discuss what had been proposed.
"We can't do this," Maxine said. "We must draw the line. This is insane. He wants us to give his client—this . . . woman—the right to expose her body and to have sex with other attorneys in the office. It's nuts. Please tell me we cannot take this seriously."
Silence.
Thomas broke the silence.
"What's sane and what's insane, Maxine? As attorneys, we must consider that if there's a reasonable prospect that the law will recognize Ms. Reichert's claims, then her position is sane. I don't want to rub this in, but as you know, you helped create the legal landscape that makes these claims . . . at least plausible."
"Bullshit," Maxine said.
"That's not your most measured legal judgment, Maxine," Jack said. He turned to his two male colleagues.
"You know, there might be an upside to this."
Maxine looked aghast. Thomas and Baylen looked at Jack curiously.
"Just hear me out," Jack said. "We have a lot of attorneys working long hours. They're not getting home to their wives. They're frustrated. Their frustration might . . . negatively impact their performance. Maybe Ms. Reichert's . . . condition . . . is a solution. Kill multiple birds with one stone. I'm just saying."
Thomas and Baylen nodded.
"You're saying a sexually satisfied attorney is a more productive attorney," Thomas said.
"Something like that," Jack said.
Maxine's three male attorneys nodded in agreement. Maxine wished at that moment that they would be consumed by the mouth of Hell.
* * * *
Seven days later, Maxine sat in her office at 8 pm, with the door closed. A dozen projects lay in folders spread over her desk, incomplete, but Maxine still fumed over the settlement of the dispute about Deirdre.
The firm had agreed to pay Deirdre another settlement sum. They had agreed to provide an additional reasonable accommodation for her condition. In addition to being able to display her nude body in the conference room on the 34thfloor for an hour a day, she was entitled to have sex with other willing work colleagues four days a week.
So far, there had been no shortage of willing work colleagues.
Maxine couldn't stand it. This . . . new blonde trollop . . . whom she, Maxine, had hired! . . . had turned all her plans upside down. During partner meetings, she could see the smug way her colleagues, like Jack, Thomas, and Baylen, looked at her, satisfied both with the solution and how it obviously rankled Maxine. It drove Maxine to distraction to know that Thomas, who was 30 years Deirdre's senior, had been one of the first attorneys to help satisfy Deirdre's "condition."
"I'm just taking one for the firm," Thomas had told Maxine. She wanted to punch him in the face.
The maelstrom of emotions kept her from getting her work done.
A knock sounded at the door.
"Come in!" she shouted, grumpily.
To her surprise, Deirdre entered her office, and she closed the door behind her.
"Ms. Reichert," she said through tight lips.
"You can call me Deirdre."
"Do you want something?" Maxine asked.
"Yes," said Deirdre. "I'm sorry about how much this has upset you. I'm grateful to you for hiring me. I want a mutually satisfactory solution for us to move forward. I have . . . an idea."
"And that is?" Maxine stared at Deirdre. Her rage was tempered, somewhat, by her attraction to the young attorney. She was such a lovely thing, whatever outrages she had perpetrated on Maxine's law firm. That lithe figure. Those trim legs under the short skirt.
Deirdre smiled and began to unbutton her blouse. Maxine's mouth gaped.
"I thought," Deirdre said, "that maybe we could come to a reasonable accommodation."