The first pictures were fantastic. As MacKenzie rinsed and hung them, he was amazed at how Shana just seemed to leap off the photo paper. He gazed at the sheen of her skin and the wanton expression on her face, feeling tendrils of heat creeping up his spine. The girl was sex, pure and simple. She could seduce the hardest man or woman and have them eating out of her petite hands. What he liked was that she was sexual without being promiscuous. She wasn't just any girl off the street; she was a special girl, the kind a man could dream about fucking and hearing her call his name ...Now why did I think about that?
It had certainly been mind-blowing to hear his name gasped from her lips as she crested the wave of passion. He had laid in bed that night, imagining his cock wrapped inside her tight, wet hole while he rode her to ecstasy, her hot breath caressing his ear as she spoke. Gazing at her, he realized that these were easily the best pictures he'd ever taken in his career. And he realized that he was falling in love with her.
The second shoot, held three weeks later, was done at a construction site and he had to thank his friend, Jeff, for scoring that. For a catered steak dinner on-site, the foreman had allowed MacKenzie to use the men as models, provided he digitally alter their faces and a week later, the photographer was standing in his darkroom, staring at some of the most thought-provoking, cock hardening scenes he'd ever seen captured on film. One in particular caught and held his attention.
He and Jeff had brought an old couch out to the site and used box cutters to make it look ratty. Shana had protested but did as MacKenzie asked, trusting his artist's eye to create a scene. And what a scene it had turned out to be. In this shot, Shana was masturbating for the camera, staring straight into her eyes as she always did now, frigging herself to an orgasm and miraculously, three of the five workers had popped at the same time. Spurts of cum caught in mid-air were aimed at her oiled brown body and MacKenzie had to admit that he would never have been able to do that if he'd choreographed it.
The shots were amazing and so was Shana. He had attended another performance art show that she and Rene had done for another artist and if the first one he'd seen was hot, this one had his senses smoking. He didn't understand until he noticed that she was seeking him out in the crowd. She was performing for him! Just the knowledge of that had sent him racing to the bathroom, slamming the stall door shut behind him as he madly fumbled to get his prick free. It took a record eight strokes before he was groaning and squirting cum all over the back of the toilet lid, his entire body trembling.
He returned in time to see Shana's climax, making sure that she found his eyes as she tripped. Later, when he collected her, she had given him a shy smile, nudging him. "You came, didn't you?"
"No."
"Yes, you did. You ran out of here like your pants were on fire."
"They were. I had to take a dump."
"Yeah, I know what you dumped and it wasn't shit." She gave him another knowing nudge. "You know, there's nothing wrong with liking to watch people get off." MacKenzie gave a noncommittal shrug and she laughed. "You certainly like watching me."
"Well, that's because it's you."
Shana stopped him, her hand on his arm. "MacKenzie, do you like me?"
"Of course I like you."
"No, you know what I mean."
For some odd reason, he couldn't speak. That's because MacKenzie William Miles always spoke through his images and this beauty was rendering him speechless. She took pity on his plight and moved close, wrapping one warm hand around his neck and pulled his mouth down to hers. For one, long, heart-stopping moment, nothing else existed but the softness of her lips and the warm wetness of her tongue. He felt light-headed when she pulled away, her eyes gleaming.
"Come with me. Let me show you something."
Shana led MacKenzie up a flight of stairs in the museum and into a roped-off area where a huge marble sculpture of a palm rested, bathed in creamy gold light. He'd seen the piece before but couldn't place the artist's name. However, that didn't matter when she dropped her robe and climbed over the railing, settling into the rounded palm.
She began slowly, running her hands all over her body, her eyes connecting with his. This was what she wanted him to do to her. She kept her eyes trained on his as she caressed her hot skin, taking the time to push her thick hair aside and rub her neck and shoulders.Mmm, that feels so good ...She crossed her armpit, heading for a nipple and licked her fingertip before dragging it across her sensitive skin, making it pucker even harder.
"Do you want me, Mac?"