Anonymous Robin
2020
Author's note: This story can be read independently. Although, it does follow an earlier experience that can be read in the story called Unknown Desires Ch1. I enjoyed writing the first story and this is a natural extension. Enjoy either or both.
Part 3 - Memories
I awoke at sunrise. Time moved slowly as my muddled mind cleared from the night stupor. We were on vacation at a rented lake house, as we do every year. The familiarity of the cabin expanded as the sunrise naturally disrupted my sleep. The bed was next to a balcony where we left the double doors open throughout the night.
The deep long rest was unusual. It wasn't a late night although something about last evening was a catalyst for fresh thinking. I didn't want to probe memories in this trance but simply enjoy the melancholy as my body felt the cool morning breeze. The sheets were kicked down to our feet exposing two naked bodies at ease.
I felt refreshed and happy as my sleep included a continuous stream of erotic dreams. I remember lying on Tom's chest, feeling it rise and fall. Escaping sleep while aroused felt good and I didn't want to wait for Tom to wake. My hand stretched down my side and settled next to his groin. It wasn't far to move it onto his cock. It started filling up in size within minutes. Tom stirred, shifting his hips to give my hand easier access.
"Are you awake?" I asked while kissing his chest. He indicated he was now, smiling with his eyes closed. "Do you want to wake further?" Of course he agreed to my implied purpose. He stayed in his barely conscious spell enjoying me rubbing him until he was harder. "Can I mount you?" His arm rolled my body onto his, all the while maintaining his semiconscious self.
I slid my panties down my legs rubbing my pussy along his stiff shaft. Tom moaned in support. Stimulating my clit, I tried to remember my dreams. After sliding up and down for as long as either of us could stand, I sat upright and pushed his cock up into my fully awakened body. Tom provided me complete control while raising his hands above his head; his eyes still closed.
I was facing the open doors looking at a gorgeous body of water. A few neighbors were walking to the water's edge drinking their morning coffee. I started lowering myself in shyness before remembering last night. We were hanging out with our friend John late into the evening when Tom exposed my breasts as part of a challenge. He wanted to prove it would turn me on. Tom was convinced I was an exhibitionist and recruited Johnathan as the test subject.
I've always been shy, at least by habit. Tom had held my arms behind my back while Johnathan stood and gazed at my bare breasts. Just the three of us silently present. Why was that memory turning me on? I should have been embarrassed. The memories of the previous night flooded my consciousness as I continued to rock back and forth on top of Tom. Was this why I woke aroused?
The neighbors never looked up to our balcony. Maybe they couldn't have seen us anyway but I was fully exposed sitting tall on top of John. The morning sun lit up my chest. The sun's warmth countered a cool breeze. My prior self would have crawled to the doors and closed them. This morning I stayed true to my feelings, rising and caring more about the sensations than the fear of being seen. The risk of being seen seemed to be part of my morning energy!
I rocked up and down harder and faster. After exposing me last night, Tom had fingered me to climax while Johnathan watched. Was I still exposed? I remember being dressed so I wasn't naked. Still, he had his arms around me, hands down my skirt. Jonathan watched me orgasm. I remember making direct eye contact as I came. Did Johnathan grab my breasts? I must have been exposed then too. He grabbed my breasts and massaged them. That was what made me orgasm. Good grief, that is what happened.
I reached up and grabbed Tom's hand and lowered it to our stomachs. His thumb pressed into my clit as I moved. I sat up higher remembering how it felt being watched by Johnathan. Knowing the neighbors could technically see us over the balcony gave me the same excitement as being watched the previous night. I remembered how Johnathan had grabbed my breasts while Tom fingered me. I seized Tom's other hand and brought it to my breasts.
Tom's thumb continued stimulating my clit while his other hand supported my chest. I leaned forward for more stimulation. His fingers squeezed my nipples and I came immediately. Last night's memories flooded my consciousness. I watched the people at the lake and felt every touch of skin with Tom. A quick scream came out sufficient to startle the neighbors. I dropped onto Tom's body to hide, pushing down hard into an orgasm. Tom reached around my body continuing to thrust until he came inside me. The warmth signified the end. We stayed connected until Tom's erection started to dissipate. I fell back asleep not caring to clean up.
After we cleaned up and showered, we sat on our deck and relaxed. Tom laughed at me for waking up so aroused. "Morning sex isn't usually in our repertoire," Tom commented implying the memories of Johnathan had spiked me sexually.
"It wasn't specifically Johnathan. I mean he's cute and all. I've introduced him to so many of my friends so yes, he is set up worthy. It was a new experience. You coordinated that well." Now I remembered everything. Tying last night to this morning's arousal felt appropriate.
Tom didn't agree that he coordinated it. Spontaneously? "No way was that just spontaneous." in a challenging response. "You must have had that experience running through your mind for a while."
He copped to my premise. That scenario had been one he has thought about a lot. We had talked about our porn watching and he admitted that watching two guys with one woman was his current kink. "Did you and Johnathan plan last night?"
Tom denied preparing Jonathan in any way. He kept it low key and Johnathan went along as the expected safe friend. Jonathan had courteously texted him later to check in with both of us. Tom assured him he did everything right and it went well for both of us. Tom sent him another confirmation this morning after we fucked.
"How much did you share?" I inquired to get more feedback about any lingering trappings between Johnathan and me going forward. John and I still had a friendship to preserve.
"I shared enough." Tom grinned trying to maintain a mysterious demeanor.
"You shared enough about this morning?" I guessed that meant all the details and including that the previous night had turned me on. There was no reason not to tell Johnathan since it was true. Jonathan and I would check in personally later as part of our relationship. We both laughed and were happy. His fun safe reaction was a good omen.
Part 4 - Expansion
The day included a fun excursion for just Tom and me. We had an afternoon golf tee time and enjoyed the course together. This allowed us a fair amount of private talk time. Nearing the 15th hole the conversations returned to my newly found aroused exhibitionism. Tom probed for the most exciting aspects. Was it being watched or being touched? "Both in progression". At least that was my current understanding. True, the touching was only subtle from Johnathan and only after Tom was already getting me off.
"I don't think it was the actual watching. It seemed like just having him present, knowing that he was involved, that's what took me further." My thoughts were still evolving. Tom was also contemplating as he teed up on the 17th. "Oh, not that I wanted him to get involved. I only want to have sex with you." Reassuring Tom so he didn't think I wanted anything more.
Tom questioned me about not thinking I wanted another man to join. Last night's sequence pushed me through exhibitionism and illuminated further potential. The narrative went quite explicit a few times. Tom confessed that he would be excited about another man joining.
How comfortable would I be with Johnathan, our newly single joint friend? That scenario was a bit too real for me at the time.
I sliced my ball into the trees. I hugged Tom and told him I will think about it while I searched for my ball. I slid my hand up his leg, brushing against the front of his shorts. As suspected he seemed somewhat physically excited. I Lifted my hand along his body, turned to walk away, and slightly lifted my golf skirt higher up my ass. I was quite confident he watched me for a while.
The rest of the afternoon complemented our relaxing vacation. Even the stop by the grocery store was fun together. Our relationship has always been comfortable with constant growth. We returned to the cabin atmosphere after a long day out.
Jonathan has vacationed on the same lake over the same week as us for years. Some years he brings a partner and some years he comes solo. This year he was a very comfortable single with less stress than relationships sometimes inflict on him.
We invited Johnathan over for dinner since our cabin is better for hosting than his. We laughed when he arrived in that slightly awkward way between friends who just skinny-dipped together for the first time. Tom went to prepare the food, allowing us to talk. John just wanted to confirm our friendship was unharmed. "If anything, it will probably be closer than before." I attempted to relax him. I questioned how much he has reviewed with Tom. Many texts and a quick phone call were exchanged. Both were good. He admitted Tom was probably too encouraging of more.
"I'm not sure about that." probably too quick of a response on my part. "I mean, obviously it worked before. Not that I'd be too freaked out if something did. After a few drinks of course." I laughed, maybe a bit too intentional. "OK, fine. Probably wouldn't be a bad thing, if it ever did happen... Not that I'm asking, ugh," I stammered knowing I was just flustered and rambling. "Well, what about you?" I diverted the conversation to him.
Jonathan was standing a bit closer than normal. There was definitely some lingering excitement between us. The conversation transitioned once we both acknowledged our openness if the situation ever arose.
Tom came out of the cabin and noted the food was all prepared for the grill but he'd be interested in swimming before dinner. Jonathan and I stepped back from each other as naturally as we could coordinate. He was already in his swimsuit and had brought a bag for the evening hangout.
I went inside to put on my bathing suit. The lake water was warm this year. Evening swims have always been a great ending to long sunny days. My suit selection included some public bikinis and some just for Tom. All were appropriate but the Tom versions were just a bit skimpier. Standing there thinking about my choices, my pussy twitched just a bit. My heart rate increased ever so slightly as the knitted top over a red thong was selected. I Paused just a bit as I recognized this selection may easily be seen as inviting. There were no plans for anything happening tonight so my sexy swimsuit choice was more of a fun flirty follow-up to the previous night. I dressed, prepared to accept whatever message was received by my suit selection.
The guys were in the water when I emerged. I slinked across the lawn to the dock and approached before they caught sight of me. As I stepped onto the dock they both whistled and affirmed their support of my choice. Tom noted he was glad I didn't choose the high-waisted one which he has never liked. "Oh, these are over the waist just to stay on." I turned around showing them the thong back. The strings were tied to each side above my hips. I'm not the most confident about my breasts but my butt cheeks were worth showing off. Feeling a little exposed standing above two men in the water, I jumped feet first off the dock.
Men love knit bikinis but they don't always understand the physical properties of knitting and how much water they hold. As I rose from the water surface, the neck strings untied from the weight, dropping the knitting below my breasts. Not my most elegant entry. I quickly pulled them up and tied them while both guys laughed. Tom grabbed my waist and lifted me for comfort. He accusingly questioned, "Was that a planned exhibitionist act?"
"No, I could have found a sexier method if that was what I intended," I replied, still securing my top.
We swam along the shore for a while. Tom playfully grabbed me and kissed me when we bumped into each other. We threw the frisbee for a while trying to compete on catches. Tom had gotten handsy when I tried to out-jump his catches. He threw me toward Johnathan and started throwing towards us two. Also trying to out catch each other our bodies were constantly bumping. My top wasn't the best choice as the waterlogged knitting kept sliding around on every jump. I had gotten a bit frisky and jumped on John's back periodically. John was also grabbing me around my waist, throwing me away from the frisbee. His hands randomly touched my suit, back, or butt. We kept getting closer and closer with every catch.
At one point Johnathan swung me around and I ended up facing him. Without much resistance, we came in and kissed. The kiss lasted longer than would have been planned with hands roaming a bit by both of us. I pulled away laughing and swam towards the lost frisbee in Tom's direction. Tom and Johnathan both raced in the same direction. We all three met up together holding onto the frisbee, bodies touching in all directions. Tom started kissing me with my back to Johnathan. Jonathan's hands rubbed my back, down to my butt. He twirled my hair and started kissing my neck while Tom was making out with me. I found myself sandwiched. My top had bunched up as someone's hands felt me up; not sure who.
I pulled out and raced them to shore. "There are people outside having dinner," I explained. "Not a family exercise in either of your minds." I headed to the cabin as they sat on the dock, probably adjusting their suits to hide their obvious erections. Tom yelled to see if everything was ok. I walked backward exclaiming "yes, that was very nice. I need a drink to calm down."
I sat on the deck with my drink in hand when both meandered back to the cabin. I let them know their partially aroused state wasn't unnoticeable. Neither exhibited any shyness about their bulges. I sat on Tom's lap while we all had a drink talking about anything but sex. Johnathan was trying to hold in his stomach and maintain a good pose while sitting shirtless. I reciprocated by moving around exposing the best parts of my suit. The wet knitting was barely covering my nipples as it exposed as much side boob as possible.
I exclaimed that I was going to shower off the nasty lake water and then we could start cooking. I stood up still trying to present a sexy form. Tom bragged about our cabin having an awesome outdoor shower around the corner. He indicated we would use the inside shower and Johnathan should shower outside. We agreed to meet back in 30. Jonathan got his bag while Tom went inside. I picked up the drinks and brought them to the kitchen. That was just enough buzz to soften my edge.
As I finished in the kitchen, Tom came out of the bathroom with a towel and a bucket of shampoo and soaps. He asked if I was going to wash my hair. He had a silly grin looking rather like a dog caught doing something bad. After questioning why he asked, he suggested we could keep the momentum going instead of waiting for dinner. His plan was for all of us to use the outdoor shower, together. It was private, at least visually, behind a wall keeping it out of sight from the lake. The neighbor's cabin in that direction was beyond some trees, also blocking the road. Mostly it felt exposed to the outdoors, which of course was the allure.
"You want us to join Johnathan in the shower?" He handed me the bucket of soap. "You want me to join Johnathan and then you will come in after?" He stood with that sheepish grin waiting for my reply. Staring into his eyes I could see this was the opportunity he had envisioned for years. I was already turned on which was magnified by either the alcohol or just the nature of being in a thong. I knew Johnathan could finish his shower soon if I didn't decide rather quickly. So I grabbed the bucket out of Tom's hands, gave him a kiss worth remembering, and walked outside.
I paused ever so briefly by the fence edge. With a deep inhale, I knocked. Jonathan was humming which stopped. I walked around the wall, set the bucket down, and made an excuse. "Tom wants you to wash my hair for me". I leaned over, grabbed the shampoo, and handed it to Johnathan. Only when I leaned over did I fully consider the fact that Johnathan was completely naked. I hadn't seen his dick that exposed before. As I stood up, I took a reasonably long glance. Since he wasn't expecting this change of schedule, he was completely relaxed, which isn't the most impressive state for a guy showing himself to women for the first time. Yet it was still a thrill being the watcher instead of the watched.
Without much delay, he grabbed the bottle and pulled me under the water to wet my hair. I leaned back into his body, which by now was starting to stiffen. The shampoo was applied with his fingers massaging the suds into my hair. I still had my suit on and I wasn't sure when it would be appropriate to drop it. Just then Tom came in, also sans suit. "Well, Well, Well, what is going on here?" obviously facetious.
"Nothing!" I flirtingly replied. Jonathan's hands were also massaging my neck. Tom took some soap and started lathering my body. In so doing he removed my top, "just to keep the soap off the material" he joked. Johnathan's hands were now caressing my breasts with his shampoo-foamed hands while Tom kissed me. Both men were completely stiff by this time. Jonathan pulled me under the water to rinse out the shampoo. The warm water added sensations to the four hands that were sliding around my skin.
As I exited the stream of water, I turned around to face Johnathan. He stepped under the stream rubbing his hands through his hair. My husband pulled me back into his erection with his hands down by my still present bikini bottoms. This gave me the chance to visually observe Johnathan's body. It was in much better shape than I noticed previously. His cock was almost identical to Tom's, which was comforting. I looked up to meet Johnathan's now open eyes. Tom stepped us forward into John's reach. My hands went to his chest, feeling his muscles tighten probably to impress me. John reached down for the conditioner and while applying it to my hair my hands slid down his body and onto his erect penis.
I hadn't felt another penis in many years. It was warm and smooth. I turned my head and asked Tom if he was still ok, which of course he was. Tom grabbed my forearm, guiding my arm into stroking the new cock. Jonathan attempted to keep massaging my hair but had trouble with independent movement. He pulled me under the water again to rinse my hair.
This was probably the last stopping point. It was only one day since my desires had been stretched. Our relationship thus far was more than satisfying and my desires never strayed this far. Yet knowing that Tom wanted this experience and his exposing my potential for stimulus last night, my limits were expanded. Previously I had been limiting my desires out of traditional right and wrong judgments. Last night Tom freed me from those traditions. Seeing and touching another man's body now wasn't more exciting than my sex life with Tom, just new. And the newness was intoxicating. I accepted the touching and desiring of two men, and that was completely acceptable. That was more than acceptable, it was desired, by me.
I was pulled around again with my back to Johnathan. I reached behind me to grab his cock with both hands while Tom kissed my breasts. Jonathan's hands wandered down into my bikini bottom fingering me softly. Tom slowly kissed down my stomach as Johnathan's hands went up to my breasts. My hands were still stroking Johnathan behind my back. Tom kneeled in front, pulled my bottoms down, and started licking my clit. I seldom have multiple orgasms but I remember coming from Tom's tongue for what felt like 30 seconds.
Jonathan's arms went under mine and I found myself fully lifted. My hands no longer could reach him so I grabbed his arms for support. Tom pulled my legs over his shoulders and stood up. I was horizontally suspended by the two men while Tom continued eating me out. I came a second time until I was a bit spent.
They lowered me while I caught my breath. "Give me a minute," I asked as I held both for steadiness. I admitted to myself that I didn't want this to end. I dropped to my knees and grabbed both men's dicks. This scenario was likely more for Tom's vision than mine so I hadn't thought about a playbook. But it all naturally developed. With a cock in each hand I started blowing Tom and stroking Johnathan. It was a needed break from my two orgasms and gave me a surprising level of control. They no longer were supporting me as I was totally in charge. That feeling was just the restart I needed. I wanted to blow Johnathan too. I looked up at Tom and asked, "Are you still ok if I do more?" He placed both hands on my head and directed me toward Johnathan. That was a pretty clear affirmation as I took Johnathan's erection into my mouth while stroking Tom. The two cocks were almost identical, yet switching between both was a total thrill. The excitement wasn't any physical difference, but merely having access to two.
After several rounds of blowing both, Tom reached under my stomach and pulled me to my legs. He pressed his hands onto my back bending me down. Jonathan placed his hands on my head guiding his erection back into my mouth. I am not normally prone to rough play but four hands placing me into this guided position was indeed exciting. Tom at this point reached well under my stomach, guiding my pussy back into his body. My pussy hadn't gotten any attention since Tom gave me an oral orgasm. He was now entering me from behind. I was so wet it didn't take much warm-up, and with the first deep thrust, my mouth was pushed hard onto Johnathan. I never invited deep-throating as I don't like gagging. Yet the experience of dicks pressing deep in my mouth and cunt at the same time was extreme. And Johnathan's dick went deep into my throat without any gag reflex. I grabbed his butt cheeks with both hands to stabilize myself. Tom started a rhythmic pumping as I pulled Johnathan out and stroked him while also pressing him against my tongue. Mostly I wasn't able to concentrate and just let both penetrate me for everyone's pleasure.
I pulled up and told Tom I probably couldn't take much more. He pulled out and pulled me up for a deep kiss. His mouth kissed my neck while Johnathan rubbed my body under the still streaming water. Tom bit my ear and whispered a question if I wanted to try both of them. "If you are sure then yes, I am so in the mood," I replied affirmatively. Tom kept kissing me while he kneeled to bring me back into a bending position. I am quite limber and placed my hands on my ankles with my still excited pussy now backing into Johnathan. Tom was french kissing me hard while I felt Johnathan entering me. We were sideways so the water was pulsating on my bare back. Tom continued the passionate kissing and reached up to touch my clit while Johnathan began fucking me from behind. Three hands kept exploring my body, one hand massaging my clit, my husband kissing me, my hand stroking Tom while another cock thrust from behind. I wobbled into a full orgasm while Johnathan reached under me to steady my shaking body.
I pulled away from Johnathan and knelt. I motioned for Tom to stand and started blowing him while stroking Johnathan. Almost in unison, they both came as I pulled Tom out of my mouth and watched streams of cum landing on each of my breasts. When they were done I sat down on the wooden shower floor, both men sat down next to me as we all embraced.
Within 24 hours my understanding of my sexual desires had exploded. Tom was clearly excited about this experience. I kissed both men as we embraced. There would be time for contemplation in the days that followed. At that moment we simply sat together to solidify the memories of enjoyment. I accepted my own pleasures completely and without judgment.