Author Note:
This continues my short story 'Nun-Thing to Worry about'. Showing the next stage of Jacaranda's life.
Chapter one is the events leading up to the first day of class. Future chapters will follow university life.
Previous writers for the Blanke Schande College setting have always placed it "in the suburbs east of Los Angeles. California's my home turf, and I grew up in the very places writers said B.S.C. was. So in taking on this version of B.S.C., I've added details reflective of the real location, and I placed in on the kind of land it's on because that is the only way someone would ever manage to put a place like this in California without slamming into local laws. I have still not named the specific 'spot' it's on, but once you get to the reveal of what kind of place that is - know that there are several of those in and around Los Angeles, including three large ones right between L.A. and Palm Springs. We're just pretending there's a fourth fictional one.
This story is obviously not canon for B.S.C. as it takes place roughly a little more than a century into the future and involves non-human characters. But it is canon for the 'Naked Alien Girlfriend' series, and describes the 'near future' of that setting.
---------------------------
Standing there; I was a nervous mess.
"Excuse me... Senorita por favor? I believe you're in the wrong line?" A middle aged man in a UN Space Line uniform waved his hands in front of me as he addressed me in what sounded like Canadian English.
"Um... Isn't this for...?" I waved my hand in front of me, bringing up my Augmented Reality Display. The gesture wasn't needed. Being part Alien, my advanced Teacher-based AI gave me mental access to this sort of thing. But it let the man know I was looking. It was something mother had spent the last month drilling into me. When you get there act like your AI isn't around, act like a Local Human with just regular AR.
"This is the check-in line for routes into the USA," he said. "But you're..."
"Oh, yes. It's OK. That's where I'm going" I answered, feeling a little insane at myself.
"Jacaranda Espinoza," he said, reading the name on my display. "Traveling from Mexico City to San Diego, layover at Lagrange Station. Huh." The man gave me a look then moved on. No New Human had ever entered the States after all. It was just assumed the Gringos would do horrible things to us.
A century ago, anybody could have just driven north for a few hours and been at the border. Back then the Gringos gave Mexicans a hassle when they went North, gave their own people the same trouble if they weren't the right color. If you were White and had papers you'd pretty much just drive right through, if not, things were complicated. But these days it was Mexico that had closed the border.
So I had to take a flight up to the Lagrange colony, spin around for a few days while forms changed hands, and now I was in line for a flight back down. Headed to San Diego, only a few hundred miles north of where I'd started. From there a Mexican consulate driver was taking me straight to my destination.
"I must be out of my fucking mind..." I was standing there in a line full of people, all of them huddled around baggage and dressed in that standard Gringo outfit. Shorts, t-shirt, sandals, and some kind of bag on the shoulder or a belt.
Me, I had absolutely nothing. Not a single bag and fully naked. Well, I had to be naked. I was an Alien girl after all. For the last year since my allergy triggered I'd ditched all possessions. Most New Human girls kept some kind of awkward metal or wooden bag, but I didn't even have that. A built in AI could handle all my ID and payments, so why bother with stuff?
Half of these Gringos were staring at me like I was some kind of... I giggled... well I guess yeah. I was some kind of alien. I was sure they were all filming me with their AR displays too.
I stood out. I had Zapotec Indian features. Common enough in Mexico but Gringos hated their Indians and hated our Indians even more. But then there were my pastel red eyes, long pointy ears, and slight bluish tint to my skin. My lips, labia, and nipples were sea green. My hair was bright violet and tied into a long bun. I usually kept it loose but this was easier in the station.
Whenever I blushed or if my pussy got aroused, it was a bright green. Since I'd been naked, my clit was always on display, being both large and that slight blue in the middle of my more greenish pussy lips. My tits were just a little larger than average, perky with huge sea green puffy nipples and a lot of bounce to distract all those Gringos with.
This whole plan had been a crazy whim last summer, when my Alien ancestry had finally cost me my clothes. I'd spent my whole life in the church, hoping to be a nun. But one summer day and a little too much chocolate had ended all of that.
When an Alien girl finally finishes the last of puberty, somewhere around age 18 to 19, and very rarely as late as 20, the allergy sets in and wearing clothes feels like swimming in acid. Without our nanites, it would scar like it too. I'd been wearing a very thick conservative dress, almost a nun habit, when my allergy hit me in a rush and the chocolate that had been just a nice flavor before suddenly had the effect it has on all aliens. It made me so horny I lost control and fingered myself to an orgasm right there in front of a huge crowd, including the convent sister I'd been on my way to meet.
So that was it, my life changed. I decided to do the most opposite thing I could think of. I'd decided to be the first New Human, the first Alien, to not just visit the States, but to spend the next four years there attending an elite college that catered to hyper sexualized female nudity.
So far I'd managed to avoid the other side of being a Naked Alien. Somehow I was still a virgin. A feat unheard for an Alien girl with our constant state of horniness. My fingers had become my best friends, followed by a collection of dildos. I'd left the dildos behind. My plan was to get fucked as soon as I could once I made it to my destination.
When my turn to board came a woman in a UN uniform escorted me aboard, taking me to a special section for New Human women. It wasn't about bias, but my allergy. I couldn't tolerate the fabrics used in most chairs, which would be even worse when re-entry shoved me hard into my seat. "Please sit here miss," she said. She looked me over, "I know it's a silly question but, is there anything that might make it difficult for you to orgasm?"
I grinned, remembering the experience of the flight up. "I'm fine," I said. This was why I'd kept my dildos away, I wanted to be so worked up I'd cum with the slightest bit of attention. "I shouldn't have any trouble."
"We like to be safe, so we'll strap you into the pod here, and you should be able to have at least one orgasm before we leave." What she didn't say was UN Space policy stated the ship could not leave the dock unless every New Human female on board had orgasm'd recently enough to have her allergy suppressed through Planetfall. Failing that, I'd have to disembark for a later flight. Instead the blush on her face told me it was an uncomfortably arousing subject for her.
I smiled, "I love your uniform, if only I could wear one," I said as I got into my pod. "Am I the only New Human aboard?"
"Yes, we're landing in the USA, which is restricted against New Human travel," she raised an eyebrow at me. "But I see you're a diplomat?"
"Well, not really. It just made it easier for me to get special approval. I'm a student," I shrugged.
"Really? Ok, in you go. It should let us know when you're... um... done," she said. The other passengers will be boarding in the meantime."
As soon as I was lying down I felt my body start to itch, but within seconds little cups popped down and locked over my nipples, and I felt a narrow dildo push against then begin to slide into my pussy, self lubricating as it went in. The pod closed around me as the dildo thickened to a comfortable size, grew bumps, and began to piston within me. The glass on the pod turned opaque, to shield me from the sight of any passenger that happened to wander into 'Alien Class'. As it did so, I felt suction like pressure on my nipples.
I gave a little gasp as an AR display appeared in front of me. A fairly explicit porn scene began to play out. A New Human woman having sex with two men at the same time. One a fellow New Human, and the other a Local Human. This pod was doing everything it could to be sure I was worked up.
Fully turned on, my own fluids rapidly began to mix with the dildo's lubrication as the device sped up the pace. I found myself gasping out in pleasure. Moments like this made me glad to be New Human. I was not only allowed to get sexed up on a constant basis, it was sometimes required for people to service me.
I was blissfully unaware of what was going on in the spacecraft around me as the mechanical dildo slammed through me at an increasingly rapid pace. A little rabbit head popped out to work my clit as the cups on my nipples, using suction to hold on, swayed my breasts around in rhythmic patterns. A part of me wanted to hold out as long as I could, riding through the pleasure. But duty calls. I needed to cum so the ship could get underway without risking my safety.
I let myself go with the moment, and cried out in pleasure as the orgasm took me. To think that only a year ago, I'd been an extremely conservative modestly dressed young woman. I'd never even touched myself until the day the New Human condition took me.
Now... Now if I didn't cum, I could barely handle touching the ground my feet would walk upon.
When I was done, as I came down from my moment the little movie went away and the glass of my pod cleared to let me see the same woman as before standing over. "Looks like you had more fun than me," she giggled out, her voice brought to me by the speakers in the pod. "I've always wanted to try that thing out." She looked around then back at me. "We'll be leaving soon, your pod has it's own air supply to keep your skin calm. It's all very air conditioned out here and I know that's very brutal on you." She waved her hand in a gesture and I felt restraints begin to move around me. "It's pure high grade hemp, which I understand is the least harmful fabric. It's what the Space Girls use inside their E.V.A. suits." She made another gesture and looked at something in her AR display. "In your current state you should be OK in there for ten hours as long as our air supplies don't mix. Our AI has interfaced with yours to monitor things. I'll be strapped down over there," she waved to her left, "during Planetfall. We should arrive in San Diego in about 8 hours."
With that she stepped away and a display came back up offering me a choice of resuming the porn flick, picking another, music, or sleep. Funny how they didn't even think to offer me a choice of a non-porn film. "Space Girls huh..." Since the colonies had started going up, a lot of New Humans had been going up with them. Space Girl... that was a term for a New Human girl living up here. You'd think the last place one of my kind would want to be would be up here around all kinds of artificial materials. But the habitats were all built for us. Wood or stone everywhere. Space Girls loved it up here because the moment you stepped outside the Port, something I had purposefully not done, all the colonies practiced something they called Free Use. Anybody could fuck anyone anytime anywhere. It was considered polite to just start in without even asking. It was after all, a society built for New Human needs.
I had a cousin up here somewhere, but we weren't close. Last I knew she was headed out to some colony in orbit around Venus. I hadn't seen her since we were little kids though. True Spacers rarely came back down. Gravity would fuck them up and nanites could only reinforce them for short visits.
I chose sleep. I was told to be sure I was wide awake and very aware going through immigration. Even with a Diplomatic passport, I needed to be sure to have my wits about me.
"AI, play me something to sleep by... um... give me some classical English music," If I was going to the USA, I should try out something in English. I didn't realize it at the time, but what I'd actually asked for was something British. I fell asleep to some song from almost two centuries ago called "More Than a Woman."
A hissing sound, and my eyes opened as the air from outside my pod mixed in. "Wake up sleepy head, we're letting the others off first. Usually that's so the Space Girls have time for their nanites to reinforce them for the gravity, but you should be fine." It was the same woman as before. She gave me a long look, "I can't believe how beautiful you are, we don't get many New Humans back home in Finland. Too cold, even with those heat things."
As I left the ship I idly wondered if she'd meant the heat bands or the Glow Girl system. I had Glow Girl nanites spun up before leaving Mexico. Just in case I went on a trip to the mountains in California or something.
It was very air conditioned as I made my way off the ship and into an airport terminal. Lots of signs pointing to go this way or that. I laughed a little at a sign that said "Aliens" and pointed one way while another said "Citizen" and pointed the other way. A single lane on the far end of the place said "Diplomatic and military," so I went that way.
An Anglo man in a uniform rapidly cut me off and made to grab for my arm, "you're going the wrong way!" he said in a hostile tone, his other hand was on a gun holster.
Rather than make the usual gesture to share my AR Display, I spoke my command, "AI, my papers."
He looked at the space between us, noting my red passport. He shoved me forward in the direction I had been going with no more than a "hmmph." As I walked away I heard him whisper "that thing belongs in a lab." Back in Mexico folks were used to New Human hearing, but I guess here in the States I'd be overhearing a lot of people who didn't realize just why my ears were so big.
"Papers?" A dry monotone voice said, snapping me out of my thoughts. I looked up to see a middle aged bored looking Black woman sitting behind a thick partition. She hadn't even bothered yet to look my way. I made a gesture and my passport showed in front of her on a screen. An actual screen. I'd seen a screen in a museum once. At that she turned and looked at me in shock, "Well, that's a first. Welcome to America." she lowered her voice and added, "stay safe."
As I walked away I saw a little icon on my display popup with a file she'd sent me titled "Green Book." Whatever that was, maybe something about New Humans since so many of us are green like my grandmother.
"AI, play me something from the same singer as what I went to sleep with last night. Something random that fits," I said. Some song came on with a very nice beat to it. "Stayin' Alive" according to my display. Another song from an ancient era. I found myself walking with a bounce in time to it.
"What is this 'Green Book' file?" I asked.
"The Green Book is a guide to finding safe places to travel for African Americans, who are often targeted by random violence in the States," the AI answered "Variations on it have been around for over 2 centuries, depending on contemporary social conditions." I guess she thought I might be a target.
"Your driver is 327 meters to your left." I went and looked for my ride. The government didn't track most Mexicans who went abroad, even to the States. But I was the first New Human to come here, so there was a lot of concern for my safety and any fallout that might happen should I end up in trouble.
When I found him, a tall Mexican man in a brown suit; my display put a giant arrow in my view pointing him out. "Senorita Espinoza, this way por favor," he said in Spanish. I followed him as so many eyes of the people around us followed me.
I wasn't just the only New Human most of these people had ever seen, I was the only naked woman in the place. Being only a quarter New Human, back in Mexico I could often pass for Local Human if my hair and ears weren't on display. Especially when I was a kid and still had clothes. But here I really stood out.
I got into a long black car. A car... an actual car. It had wheels. Once again, I'd seen one of these in a museum, but back home everything flew through automated sky traffic. There were bamboo weave seat covers in the back to handle my New Human skin allergy. Not perfect, but it would do. Back home sky car cushions often had a wearable vibrating pad or egg to hold off the New Human allergy through stimulation. That was a lot more comfortable.
As I sat down my escort tossed in a metal sphere which rolled in and bumped against my hip. My AR pegged it at 10cm and it felt heavy as it bumped me. A brief moment of panic, was it a bomb? But then he got in the front and proceeded to drive away. "What the... what is..."
"Senorita?" He asked.
"What's this thing?" I picked it up and showed it where he could see it in the mirror.
"That's your security drone Senorita, did they forget to tell you?" He glanced at me in the mirror, and I could plainly see the look in his eyes that men always had on meeting me, but he stayed cool. "When you get out, just throw it away and up, it should be tied to your system,"
"Do I really need this?" I asked.
"Look around, out there." We were in city traffic. I glanced out the window. People walking by here and there. I didn't see as many police as I was used to in Mexico, but what I did see shocked me. Guns. Everywhere. Almost half the people had holstered guns.
"Alto California is considered a less armed part of the US," he said. "A hundred years ago no one walked around like that here, and it's still not as common as in the other states. But it is everywhere."
"And the police don't..." I asked.
"These people are different," he said. "and it's legal here. The police here aren't as armed as back home, but they're more willing to use what arms they do have. And they shoot first, talk later."
I looked at the drone. "So this..."
"It will keep an eye around you anytime you leave the University, and anywhere guns are allowed on the campus. Hopefully it won't be needed for anything more than alerting you," he said. I decided I didn't want to know more than that.
I was pretty sure that drone was illegal back home, but maybe this was the benefit of coming here with a red diplomatic passport.
We drove for several hours, leaving the city, traveling on a long freeway called the '5' along the coast, up to Los Angeles, and then headed east through a few outskirts and into hills. The land began to take on a desert look as we went. Every now and then I saw a sky car overhead, but most of the time it was ground traffic.
"It's all desert out here, just they irrigate in most of greater Los Angeles so it doesn't look like it," my driver said.
"The people seem different out here too," I said, as we sat in traffic. Los Angeles had felt more cosmopolitan, now we were getting into a place where people looked poorer, but I could see nice houses in the hills.
"Some very bad people here," he said as we drove through a suburb in the later afternoon. I saw not just guns now, but gringos in trucks with rifles on racks in the back. "Our Mestizo cousins are still the majority here, but the Anglos can be dangerous. I recommend not visiting this part alone." We kept going on a smaller highway, and into the hills.
"Used to be even worse," he said. "Before the University took off. A hundred years ago this was half Klan territory, half Chicanos and Blacks, and a lot of violence. Still has a bit too much Klan, but it's the closest town to the University so they just wait till they think you can't hear them and mutter stuff now."
I quietly looked up what the Klan was with my Display, and began to realize why the woman at the Airport had given me the Green Book file. From there we took some side roads and eventually came upon a large estate blocked off by walls and trees. "This used to be a tiny private college," I said. "But it's been growing over the last century into a major institution after it was taken over by the Reservation, even though it's not connected to research or sports."
We passed a sign that welcomed us onto Reservation land. Looking back I saw a sign the other way welcoming people to Riverside County. I'd read that this was how B.S.C. got away with it's unique policies. It was on a Reservation, so local and state laws didn't apply. If the Tribe let them do something, they could do it.
"There's a lot of small Reservations out here between LA and the countryside. Most of the Gringos forget this was all Indian Country not too long ago. I looked this place up when they told me you were coming," he said. "If my niece was coming to the States, I'd send her here too."
"She New Human?" I asked as we pulled off the road into a parking lot. As we did so I saw what looked like a Mexican man in a police uniform with cowboy hat standing next to a police car talking to a black haired nude White woman on horseback. They seemed to be having a friendly conversation. The side of the car said 'Tribal Police'.
"Si," He smiled. "Nice kid, still in school, her allergy hasn't kicked in yet. Brother-in-law's a full blood New Human. You look Mestizo."
"I'm just a quarter New Human," I said. And then we were there, in a parking lot, and it was early evening.
"I guess you don't have bags," he said. "Here," he gave me a wooden case with a handle. A briefcase of sorts I guess. "Care package from the embassy. Do us proud in there."
"You have to drive back?" It'd taken us all day to get here.
"I live in Los Angeles," he answered. "Norwalk. I'll be home by dinner given traffic. I'm told to tell you to go through that gate, and enter the building that blocks the path. I'm guessing most of the students haven't arrived yet."
"Classes start next week," I said. "Orientation tomorrow, I'm a day early."
After that we split up and went our different ways. But first I took the metal ball, looked to the edge of the lot where the hill we were on dipped down into light woods, and threw is out and up. A few meters away it pooped open and turned into a more standard looking drone, then moved up into the sky far enough that I could barely hear it. I imagine most Local Humans wouldn't hear a thing.
Then I made my way up on and onto the campus to begin my new life.
---------------------------
"Excuse me?" I said, remembering to use English. I was standing in a small office that broke the pattern of a wall blocking access to the university interior. Double doors behind me blocked the view from the parking. A display above the doors showed the view outside. Sofas lined the interior of the room, with coffee tables in front of them upon which my Display had placed information brochures about the school. The far wall had a long white desk with displays floating in the air to the left and right, with a third display floating between me and the occupant of a chair behind it.
She was looking at the display on my left, where I could see what seemed more or less to be a porn flick. She was fully naked, like me. But she was of course Local Human, and she looked to be a mix of Asian and Anglo-European. Something I'd read was very common in the northern parts of California. There were doors leading off to whatever was behind her on the left and right of the desk. The left side had a sign for female and the right a sign for male.
Above her a twin pair of signs declared first that no one under the age of 18 was allowed past this point, and a second stated 'This is Indian Country, your guns rights ended at the door. Leave your gun in the locker.' As a Mexican that was weird, I'd never met anyone who owned a gun before. Only police, military, and criminals had them.
She looked up with a slight start, "Oh, sorry I didn't expect anyone yet." she glanced at the display with her movie and with a wave the sounds coming from it muted, but the action continued to show a close up of a woman riding a man in a reverse cowgirl position. "I just love watching these," she said. "This one's from Europe, my favorite actress."
"Oh yes, I think I recognize that piercing," I said. "I'm..."
She gave another start, "oh! Oh wait it's you. They told me to keep an eye out for you later." She stood up, and I could see that she was shaven down below, with a little heart jewel on a clit piercing. Her labia had that engorged look of someone who had been busy pleasuring herself. She followed my gaze down. "I'm sorry, this must be a shock, we're a little more liberated her at B.S.C."
I giggled, "maybe for the States, but you know," I waved over myself. "It's kind of my condition to be... liberated."
"Oh yes, um... well... welcome to B.S.C." She smiled. "Normally this is the part where I remind you that you have to be nude before you go through that door. But I guess we won't need that for you." She got out from around her desk. "Still... the speech..."
I smiled and sat down on one of the sofas, "please go ahead." She moved over to join me, sitting down with her legs notably spread open like a guy would.
"Well, um... sorry I'm new to this. Student job. Here at B.S.C. all women are required to remain naked, er... nude at all times when on campus. Beyond the door here is a locker where any clothing you've brought with you would have been stored." she laughed. "I guess we won't need that for you. Well, for the other girls, they can get their clothes there when they leave campus. They're not allowed to bring any clothing onto the campus. The girls with a lot of outfits often rent a closet from in the locker room back there."
"So they get dressed when they leave the school?" I asked. I had read something about 'Outreach' from back in the University's history.
"Mostly yeah. But some of them are 'Absolutes' that stay naked all the time, so you'll have company when you go out." She sat down next to me.
"I can't go out alone?" I asked.
"Oh, oh no not that. I mean you'll have... sisterhood, you know, people living more like you. You won't stand out as..."
"I'm guessing I'll stand out no matter what," I said.
"Yeah probably," she mused. "Well um... like anyway... on campus women have to be naked, and um... the guys have to be clothed... um... unless you're fucking one of them or giving head or something."
"Giving head?" I wondered how someone could hand over their head without injury.
"You know... like... a blowjob... um... sorry I don't know Spanish so let me see... putting their cock in your mouth." she shrugged. "I thought everyone knew what 'giving head' meant."
I laughed. "Probably, but um... I was actually almost a nun so I'm kinda... not as enlightened on some of these things."
She looked at me with wide eyes. "A nun? You? I can't imagine..."
I sighed, "Yeah... I'm only a quarter New Human, so I used to believe I wouldn't have the... um... 'Alien Girl' problem. Then one day..." I waved over myself. "This just happened."
"That must have been rough," she put a finger on her lip in thought. "So, like... then you signed up with B.S.C.?"
"Pretty much. I mean if you can't beat em, join em. I think that's how the saying goes," I said.
"Yeah more or less," She put her hand on my thigh. "Well, once you're on the other side of the lockers, the campus rules all apply. That's not just being naked. There's also presenting, and the right to pleasure."
"I've read about presenting, that's where you have to display yourself to guys right?" I asked.
"Yeah but not just guys, anyone can ask you to present," she said. "Go ahead, as me like this 'Pelumi; present your pussy for me."
So her name was Pelumi. My translation told me that was a Yoruba name meaning 'be with me'. "Ok, Pelumi; present your pussy for me."
"Ok, so now I have to show you, in intimate detail, like this," she sat on the coffee table in front of us, falling through the floating display which my AR moved to above her so my view would not be blocked. Then she leaned back using her left hand behind herself for stability. "I'm so glad for gymnastics class," Pelumi said as she spread her legs very wide. She used her right hand to reach down and spread her labia apart, revealing a very wet vaginal opening and a clit happily peaking out at me.
"That's so hot," I said.
"You bi?" she asked. I nodded. "Yeah most girls who come here are bi. We get a few lesbians but not as many as you'd think since they're not so fond of displaying to guys. Even a few gay guys come here, like my friend Marcel." She smiled at me. "Anyway... I'm supposed to hold open like this for about a minute or so, unless you tell me you're done looking sooner or well, we're short on time like needing to get to class."
"And um... touching?" I asked.
"Um, that's up to me, like... I usually let guys touch me, but some girls don't. And if you register for Free Use, guys can even fuck you," she giggled, then closed her legs and sat back on the couch. It hadn't been a minute, but we were also busy.
"Free Use? Is that related to the right of pleasure thing?" I asked.
"Kinda, but also... not at all," she grinned. "Remember that for presenting, they have to ask you nicely, and use your name, or you're supposed to ignore them. A few professors actually check on that; and pretend to demand you present or even fuck, and you're supposed to tell them off for it."
She shrugged. "So... the right of pleasure first. You're allowed to masturbate or get fingered or licked anytime and anywhere you want, outside of classes and study areas, in public or private."
"Oh yeah, just like the laws for New Humans in... hmmm, I guess those laws don't apply in the States." I shrugged.
"Yeah we've never had any New Humans up here, but I think the rule on campus is modeled on the UN's rules for New Human women like you. Except um... no fucking in public outside of the dormitory areas." She waved her hand and my AR showed a new display. A pair of green stick figures in the position of fucking doggy style. "Anywhere you see this, anyone is allowed to fuck regardless of who is around them. You'll see it when you enter the dorms area. Otherwise sometimes they put it up during campus festivals."
"Yeah back home, we New Humans can fuck in public, except um... only the girls can, so basically it's pointless unless you're bi. But no one does it because it's really just kind of a mess up in the law. Culturally things are still kinda prudish in Mexico."
"Huh... wait till you meet some of the girls from the other parts of the States..." she said. "But anyway, that's your right to pleasure."
"So that's why you were just... being happy there as I came in," I said.
Pelumi giggled. "Being happy, I like that. Yeah. A lot of girls who work the door here like to do that to scandalize people visiting. It's fun to see the reactions."
"So, if I'm early, do I have a place to stay?" I asked.
"Oh yes... the tour... sorry... I think your Student Coach will meet you once you get inside. They like to have a ceremony for new students to all get their rooms at the same time, so tonight you'll be sleeping in a temporary assignment." We got up from the sofa together and she moved in and hugged me.
"Oh!" I said, a little startled. She felt really nice and I realized that in my year of being naked I'd somehow avoided touching anyone naked other than 'mom hugs' at home. This felt very different from that though.
"B.S.C. Girls!" Pelumi said. "We love to hug and crawl all over each other. I hope you're not into personal space, because you won't get any once you're here."
In response I ran my hands along her back. "I think I'm going to like that," I said. Then I pulled away and started towards the door marked for women. "Oh wait..." I said.
"Um... like, oh yeah, the Free Use thing?" Pelumi asked.
"Oh I forgot about that, I was just wondering what year were you and um..." I asked.
"Oh I'm third year, I'm a Philosophy major. Pelumi Kitowski. You can find me in the class registry," she shook my hand. "But I really do need to tell you about Free Use before you go in."
"So does that mean I have free food and library access or something?" I looked at her. I'd read that my basic needs were covered by the tuition, unlike most US Universities.
She laughed, hard enough that she grabbed her stomach. "Oh my gosh... like... nothing like that at all... wow... ha. No... Free Use is... um... how the fuck do I put this..." She went and sat down in her desk. "So like... the University's been around for about a century and half now. They switched to female nudity sometime in the first or second year after an all nude campus led to some rough fights between male students. Over the years different policies have come and gone. For a while they even tried male nudity again. And then they had a policy for the guys to get 'relief' due to all of us naked girls. That sort of still exists, but not really. Anyway like... Free Use... that one's been around now for about 3 decades..."
"Ok so... what is it?" I asked.
"Well basically, first they tried it as compulsory for a semester. Enrolled dropped so fast, something like ninety percent of the women dropped out, and all but one of the female faculty quit. So they brought it back as a voluntary thing you can sign up for. It kinda works to handle the same issue as relief used to..." she shrugged.
"Um... but... like, what is it, if not free meals and such?" I asked.
"Free Use, means free fucks," she giggled. "If you sign on for it," she waved to show a new display between us. A cartoon student with a little glow tattoo on her butt that looked a cock entering a pussy. "If you sign up for Free Use, you can display that. When it's on guys can fuck you whenever they want. No asking, no stopping, you can just find a cock up your cunt at any moment. Even when you're sleeping. So yeah... not too many girls go for that at first. But by mid year the numbers always seem to grow because well... it's fucking crazy walking around all day naked with guys drooling over you."
"So once you sign up...?" I asked.
"You can turn that off at anytime. Well, if you turn it on you can't turn it off for an hour. And the first time you try to turn it on, you'll instead find yourself being told to go to the admin building for a psych counseling. Which they repeat weekly. And you can remove yourself from the system whenever you want. But if you do, you can't go back to it for a whole semester." she said.
"Huh, so why bother? I mean if you're really worked up can't you just fuck anytime in the dorms?" I asked.
"Yeah but... with Free Use you can be fucked anywhere except during a class. Taken by surprise at any moment. By fucking anyone. See Professors and staff are not allowed to touch students, period. Except for girls on Free Use. Fucking other students could be a problem or trying to influence for a grade. But Free Use means they can just grab you and fuck." She shrugged. "I knew a girl who just found that so hot, she couldn't resist signing up. Also, some of the Free Use girls go absolutely feral. Like, just sleeping out in the halls or outside in summer. While they're students and they have to keep up grades, some of them just pretend to be wild horny animals and that has a weird appeal in a place like this."
"Sounds weird," I said.
"It is, but enough sign up for it... every week or so you'll see some girl getting fucked by a half dozen guys outside a building, and well... they keep the male horniness down enough that the rest of us just present, and run around naked fingering ourselves."
"That's just... not for me," I stated.
"Yeah... but they used to have a problem with girls getting hassled for sex, and even a few problems with prostitution among the students. The sexual tension can get intense here," Pelumi shrugged. "So they've got various outlets for it. Even with how intensely guys get screened before being admitted here. Girls too actually. We're still Human." She grinned at me. "You too. I read it's even more intense for people with New Human ancestry."
"True," I said. "I've been getting by so far though, but I know my parents had orgies pretty much any time the kids weren't around. They all used to take turns on who would babysit."
She laughed and waved as I made my way through the door. I hoped to meet more people as friendly as her. Of course that was her job, but she also seemed genuine.
The locker room was just that. It looked like something from a sports movie. Lots of low benches and lockers, and a place where someone could get a box, put their stuff in it, and place it in a locker. There was a system to lower the lockers into the floor and then dial in your chosen locker. That way they could fit hundreds of them in this small area. I just walked through it all to the other side, where a door asked me to confirm that I wasn't taking a lock before opening to let me onto the university grounds proper. As I did so, I saw white guy in shorts and a t-shirt come out of another door down the wall a bit further.
"Oh hi," he said. "And here I thought I was looking for a Jake Randa. This can't be right."
"It's Jacaranda," I said. "There's a 'J' at the start but that's mostly silent."
He looked at his display, floating in front of him. "Real funny guys, and a bit racist. I'm so gonna give Samuel a wedgie after this..." He showed me his display. "You look a lot better than any Jake Randa I imagine. Hi again, I think I'm your Student Coach for now. That means you can come to me for tips, advice, or to talk about anything else."
"They didn't tell you..." I began.
"Oh I knew we had an... I mean a New Human student coming, but I thought you were tomorrow and I just got a note to meet a Jake here. I think my buddies were just messing with me. I'm Rick, Rick Kealoha." He started to walk down the path ahead of us.
"Do you know where I can get something to eat?" I asked.
"Oh sure, we're headed to the dorms first to get you a bed and place to leave your... purse? briefcase? there." he waved me forward. "You're lucky to arrive today. Most of the freshmen will be coming tomorrow right before orientation. I'll probably be leading a hundred at a time tomorrow, but today I can give you a personal introduction."
After a hundred meters or so we hit a split in the path. "First and Second year dorms are that way," he pointed right. "Third and onward to the left, B.S.C. does not offer married housing. If we kept going straight, we'd pass the main classrooms first; spread among ten buildings, with the student center right in front of us after the public plaza area. Administration is behind the Student Center and after that are the athletics fields and botanical gardens. We don't have a sports team in any collegiate sports so the field's a bit smaller than most colleges. They used to have a larger athletes program a century ago, but other teams refused to let our girls compete with them given our dress code, and our girls refused to put on uniforms."
"No research labs?" I asked.
"The University made an active choice to not do academic research. You'll find that the U.C. system in California has a lot of that, and it results in professors that don't care for or know how to teach. A lot of their classes are just taught by graduate students. Here at B.S.C., we pride ourselves on education first, education always." He beamed when he said that. "And well... some other perks of going here..."
"Hah," I laughed. "So on that... how does a guy manage to get in to a place like this?"
"Well, as you know each class year is exactly nine-hundred students. A big difference from the old days when the whole campus was around one to two hundred at most. Exactly one third of the students are male." He paused to look me up and down and I gave him a smile as he wasn't all that bad looking.
"So, you can probably guess that a lot more guys than that want to come here. I think it's something like two hundred thousand or more applications a year for the guys. For the women, they get so few, the university actually sends out recruiters to nudist clubs around the country and abroad to fill in the numbers. Despite the prestige and quality of the education here, the dress code can be..."
"Difficult," I said. "Trust me I know, since I'm only part New Human, I thought I'd never end up naked like this. It was a shock when it happened."
"Wow. you'll have to tell me about that someday... ah never mind, you probably think I'm hitting on you." He chuckled. "Anyway yeah... I had to write a massive essay, in person without my AR. Then I had some twenty interviews and multiple psych evals. They looked into every girl I'd ever dated, which I'm told they had to do discreetly so the girls wouldn't find out why, just in case I got turned down. I went through a lot of medical checks too, and then of course, I had to agree to..." He made a scissors gesture with his right hand.
"Wait... they cut your..." I gave him a look of horror.
"Oh my gosh, no no, not that. Hah, trust me they need my dick to be in good working order here. But every guy that is allowed through that campus gate back there without an armed escort has to agree to nanites that make us sterile for the duration of our enrollment here. For the professors, they're under that until they stop working here." He shrugged. "Its kinda handy at my age actually. But I know it's why we have a lot of turnover with male professors. Once you want to start a family, you can't really work here."
"Wow," I said. It was the opposite of how Teacher used to work in Mexico. Teacher was always working to get us New Humans knocked up. Here, they took dramatic measures to prevent it.
"You'll have to be on contraception too, for as long as you're attending here," he said. "And every time I walk through that gate, I get checked for sexually transmitted diseases. If you test positive, you're expelled unless you can prove someone infected you on purpose. A simple accident isn't enough. Even then, you won't be allowed back in until they clear it from you."
I had an idea now why he'd said they needed his dick working. "So the smart move is to get all your fuckery done on campus," I winked at him.
He laughed, "pretty much. and for that, they needed to ensure the guys who come here are super 'well adjusted'. Any guy who comes in with attitude and the whole place could blow up. Even the girls get intense psych evals. And you'll keep getting them every month for as long as you're here. Though sometimes it's so subtle you don't even know they're checking in on you."
"I'd read there'd been an incident something like sixty years ago?" I said.
"Oh yeah, that's when they started giving the girls psych evals too," he shrugged. "Before that there was some misguided belief that only men could be... well... could commit that kind of assault. But you know... on almost every other campus out there you're going to see fights, assaults, even shootings a couple of times a year. Here at B.S.C. there's been exactly one incident in the last hundred years that involved serious violence. The worst thing that happens here is somebody litters or somebody cheats on an exam. A few small fights sure, people get emotional. But nothing dangerous."
We walked down the right path to the underclass dorms. After a short stroll we came to a hedge fence blocking the view inside, with an opening where the path came up to it. A few feet in the path split in a T as another hedge blocked going straight. There was a sign on a post in front of that hedge. It had the green figures engaged in 'doggystyle sex' on it.
"So..." I mused. "Past this point sex is allowed anywhere?"
He grinned and looked at my crotch. "Yeah, and much as I've love to, we need to get you sorted."
"Where is everyone anyway?" I asked.
"Oh, well the upperclassmen are told not to come over here the week before and after courses start. Give you all time to get situated. You'll see a bunch of second years in an hour or two. Right now they're all over on the athletics field for a 'welcome back' event. They've got another one tomorrow also. The school's very big on lots of regular events to boost campus spirits. You'll find once you're a member of B.S.C., it's like a giant family." He shrugged as we walked into the dorm area.
"Today is probably one of the only days of the year that it's this quiet," he added. "Usually there are people all over the grass here. Studying, fucking, whatever." He pointed at his temple. "Pay attention to your displays for which grass you can lounge on, a lot of girls will pee on the other grass." That was a gross detail I didn't need.
There were six large multistory round buildings around a central sort of plaza with a fountain in the middle. I saw two girls 'showering' in the fountain while a guy watched them below as they all chatted. "Oh, some others," I said. The buildings themselves looked a little like a Roman Coliseum from this side. There seemed to be walkways on the outside of each floor, with columns and arches and little barriers to protect from falling.
"Yeah, I don't think I know them personally, but come this way." He led me to one of the buildings. "So... this year this and those two are the freshmen dorms, and the three over there are the second year dorms. Next year those will be freshman dorms and you will stay in the dorm you had this year. In your third year you move to the other side into whatever was the fourth year dorm. Any students still enrolled past fourth year get shuffled around over there as space allows. You'll find they keep the dorms about ten percent vacant for various reasons, that being one of them. For tonight you'll be in a room by yourself. Tomorrow at noon, all the freshmen are to assemble out here in the plaza. There's an event, and they you get your room and roommates." He kept waving around as he said all of this. I noticed the girls that had been showering were looking at me and one of them pointed.
"My roommates have already been picked right, by the campus AI?" I asked.
"Something like that yeah, but there are always some mismatches so if you need to change room, just talk to your floor advisor. That's not an upper student like on most colleges, it's an AI and it routes to administration. They're very proactive in moving people around if the need arises, but the selection AI is good so that only happens a few times a year."
We went into one of the buildings. I noticed that the door leading in had a somewhat oval shape to it and was decorated to look like an open pussy. Complete with a large clitoris shaped 'lamp' above the entrance, and a small hole between that and the archway that resembled a urethra. There was no actual door that could shut, but plaster or stone folds along the side were painted like labia. The walkway underfoot was pure stone, so my allergy had no issues. "Once we get inside proper, it's all hardwood flooring," he said. "That's a happy coincidence for you I gather. No need for special shoes."
"You did your homework on me?" I asked.
"When I heard we had a New Human coming, I remembered hearing about them back in school. Some of us were about to go the administration and protest the lack of proper facilities until we learned the architecture was already 'New Human Safe'. Turns out back when this was all built a few decades ago after the Res took over; the new Tribal Government reagents were involved in efforts to get the Federal government to make amends with the... I think it's called 'Teacher AI'? They wanted the campus ready. They had hoped to invite a whole bunch of New Humans here, but it never happened."
"Teacher isn't around anymore," I said. "That might be why. She stopped talking to the New Humans when my mom was still a kid. Every now and then my Grandmother says she 'hears' something, but Teacher just went silent ages ago after folks were settled in."
The first floor, the ground floor; was all common areas with the remaining five being dorm rooms. We went up a curved flight of stairs and down a hallway. The hallway was one of the ones I'd seen from the outside, so one side of it was exposed to open air, and on the other side there were just a bunch of numbered doors with AR feed hookups. I gathered my AR would show info on the residents once these were occupied. He picked one, seemingly at random. "You've got this room tonight, but don't get attached. This one's slated to stay empty this semester."
Inside was a large pie slice shaped room. The back of the pie was where the door we entered from was. The far side was a floor to ceiling curved window looking out to all the rooms across it, and above and below. The center of the building was hollow with a large planted relaxation area at the ground floor. The hollow was maybe more than half the diameter of the building, meaning the dorm was essentially a doughnut. There was no curtain and I could see into all of the other rooms. There was a single large dresser by the door, and a smaller two drawer desk high stand next to it. A desk with a wooden chair was on the other side of the door. A three seat fabric sofa on one side of the room, and a wooden bench on the other.
Lastly there was a single bed, roughly king sized, It was really a box marked off on the floor near the window, with a mattress in it. From on the bed you could see all the beds around you and if someone sat on the bed on a floor above, I'd see them for the next two floors up of the six story building. There were little metal C-shaped hand holds on the window above the bed. "What are these for?" I asked, grabbing one handle in each hand.
"Well," he said. "Look at the position holding that put you in."
I thought about it for a half second before I got it. See, I had bent forward just a bit, spread my legs apart, and gripped the handles. A little more bend and spread and I'd be in a perfect pose to get fucked from behind while anyone looking at the window could watch. But even without that I was more or less presenting to anyone outside. And if I spread a little more I could present to anyone behind me. "Oh, I see." I blushed.
"Yeah," he said. "Welcome to B.S.C."
"But why is there only one bed, aren't these three to a room? and we're sharing with a guy?" I thought for a second... "Oh... OK... they want us getting really cozy don't they?"
"Yeah, they'll cover this in orientation but yes." He waved to the dresser. "So your male roommate gets the dresser for his clothes. Each girl gets one of these two drawers. It will be keyed to your system and no one else. He waved his hand over a little square on the wall beside the wood bench and a panel popped out. "Anything put in here gets washed, it will return through the same panel in an hour, give or take. The one over there on the other wall is for trash." He gave a patterned clap with his hands and one of the tiles on the floor slid away while a sybian rose up. "For whatever needs you might have, these are keyed to the female occupants of the room once it's assigned. This one's open access since this room isn't assigned. It can morph for penetration or just vibration as you desire, and it's self cleaning when it goes back down."
He waved by a third panel that was next to the cleaning panel, and it slid out to reveal a drawer full of intimate hygiene supplies, a first aid kit, lotions, and well, lubricant. "Anything more intense can be found in the bathrooms down the hall. Female showers are in the common area. Male showers are by the men's bathroom. You are strictly not allowed in the male facilities and men are not allowed in the female toilet area."
"How many of these panels are there?" I asked.
"B.S.C. put in nuForm three last summer, so I think it can make new ones on the fly now," he said. "I know that's probably pretty primitive to someone from Mexico."
"Oh my family kept things simple," I said. "Mom grew up on a nudist colony down in the Yucatan, and my dad's a botanist," I said. "We didn't have any of this stuff at home." I figured I'd not mention that we owned a flying car, since I'd barely seen any State side on the drive over here. Ever since New Humans came to New Earth, the development dynamic between Mexico and the States had flipped. Though even before that, it was always a lot closer than the people in the States thought it was.
"Oh that explains your name," he nodded.
"Yeah, Jacaranda's not exactly a name, but my dad loves flowers, so here I am," I waved over myself.
With that he went to the door and waved at me. "Well... As your Student Coach I'll check in with you sometime Monday or Tuesday, once I find out who's else I'm coaching. They'll give me the people in your Dorm section."
"Oh wait," I said. "About getting something to eat?"
"Oh, I have to go myself, but there's a kitchen on the ground floor that's stocked with... good enough food. Up by the classes, in the Student Center there are some small restaurants, a cafeteria, and a cafe, with a hangout on the second floor and a mixed study center on the third. Those won't be open today though, so try the first floor here.
When he was gone I sat down on the wooden bench. Without a recent orgasm the bed and sofa were near toxic to me. It was in this moment that I realized I should have brought a dildo with me. I considered the sybian but that seemed a bit much. Maybe once I had my room, if my roommates used it also. Or at least the girl. I laughed at the mental image of a guy sitting on a vibrating sybian. Looking around I remembered my wooden case as my drone flew in through the open door, landed on the desk, and folded back into a ball.
"I wonder what's in this?" I said. I waved over it and the lock popped open. Unfolding it I looked inside. The interior used wood dividers to split itself into 3 chambers. On the left and right there were beautifully crafted dildos. One made of silver, the other polished wood. Each was ribbed and had a bulbed hood, with the shape a little different between them. In the middle there were three items. A box of about forty very fine chocolates, each in individually sealed wrappers to keep them fresh. Next a little personal data drive, a very rare item in the modern era of connectivity. And last was a kit with heat bands. The sort someone without the Glow Girl system would use to handle cold weather. I had Glow Girl, but I knew that these could still be handy in more extreme cold.
I used my system to access the data drive, noting that the contents would not download. It informed me that the University knew of my drone and that I should sync it to their drone network as soon the opportunity provided. However the University was not aware that the drone was armed. While my stay in the US had been carefully worked out between our governments, there was still the risk of unforeseen actors being a problem. There were a pile of letters from various dignitaries wanting the historic record to know they had put in a word on things. I scanned these and decided to read them later. Contact information for the Mexican consulate was put into my system and I was notified that they would have live data on my health and general location. So much for sneaking off somewhere. Finally there were two files on each of my selected roommates marked classified and general. I chose not to look at either. I wanted to be just like all of the other students and filled with surprise on meeting the people that were more than likely to become intimately close friends for the next several years. As I had read, in recent decades B.S.C. roommates usually stayed together for their entire four year stay. Some even moved in together after graduation.
I went downstairs and found a large room with coffee and espresso machines, lots of benches and cushions that I mostly couldn't use, but a few wooden ones here and there. One wall was devoted to fridges full of pre-made foods, and another had some basics for light cooking. Lots of microwaves and two stove-tops. All but the pre-made meals looked shut down for the time being.
I found some vegetarian tacos, a glass of orange juice, and some unknown kind of chips; carrying it all off to my room. Not a great meal, but it worked.
After I gently used the wooden dildo to bring myself to a slow and pleasant orgasm, then laid down on the bed and pulled up my display to read all about B.S.C., focusing on the article of how the college had been rebuilt a half century ago into the massive university it was today, and noting to read an article about the Alturas campus in the future.
Eventually I fell asleep, ready to begin my journey as a University student in the morning.
---------------------------
I woke to the sound of music. Some ancient Local Human song. My system had decided I liked this old stuff after that song up on the station. So now I was hearing something called "Everybody's Talkin'". It seemed fitting. Everyone stopping and staring as they talk about you, but not having a care as you sit in your own thoughts. Very much the life of a New Human girl. Especially in this country I imagined, as I was the only one of my kind here.
There I was, long violet hair in wavy curls that I'd now let cascade halfway down my back. Light bluish skin, bright red eyes, long pointy ears, full sea-green lips followed by the same color for my large puffy nipples and my labia below. Labia that framed a large protruding bluish clitoris. Because yeah, I was naked. And being naked was the most normal part of my appearance, because I was standing in a hallway outside the room I'd slept in on Blanke Schande University.
I was three floors up, but the hallways were exposed to open air on one side, protected by a tall sternum high columned railing, and some horizontal bars above that to prevent falling. Or I guess, to stop a jumper. I'd thrown my drone up already so it was up in the sky somewhere looking for trouble.
Last night I'd learned it had a small injection fusion reactor. It was designed to be able to do a short milisecond long burst of fusion once a month, which would generate enough power to charge the battery for a year, so I'd obvious not need to do the burst all that often. The thing could do some pretty shocking levels of long range surveillance. The kind of stuff I didn't want to know about. And I'd studiously avoided reading up on the railgun hidden in it. I'm sure that violated some treaty we had with the States so the less I knew the better. With any luck I'd never need to hear from that drone.
Looking out over the railing, I saw a massive number of people milling around. Some of them wandering into and out of the buildings on the other side of the plaza. Six buildings in total for the freshmen and sophomore dorms. It was mostly naked women down there. A whole massive horde of them. All looking very nervous about the situation. But a good third of the people were guys. They looked equally nervous but I could also see they were definitely having trouble not staring at the girls. For all these people, a wild crazy dream had just become reality, and they were dealing with it together.
I'd had that same moment a year ago, but for me I'd be alone in a crowd. In Chapultepec Park on my way to join a convent, my Alien Allergy had finally kicked in and I'd been forced to strip down before my own clothing burned me like acid, then masturbate myself to an orgasm as a crowd gawked at me thanks to the mistake of gorging out on chocolate minutes earlier.
Chocolate after all, was an insanely powerful drug to New Humans. It sent us into a sexual frenzy we could often not control. Back in Mexico it was a crime to knowingly give one us chocolate in an uncontrolled area or without our knowledge and consent. "I'll have to remember to be careful about that." I said, thinking that the Gringos might just slip me chocolate at any innocent moment without knowing better.
"Careful about what?" I heard a female voice say. I turned to my left to see another woman about my age. Nineteen or twenty. She looked maybe South Asian, but sounded like a gringo. She stepped forward and put out a hand, looking over my nude body. Like me she was naked. I noticed she was fully shaved down below, and her clit didn't protrude like mine. Her breasts were perkier than mine, and a little bit smaller. But I was a bit larger than average. She had shoulder length straight black hair and big alluring brown eyes with naturally dark shading around them like I'd seen in pictures of South Asians. I'd never actually met a South Asian before. "I'm Jasmine Chang" she said.
"Chang... That's Chinese?" I asked, taking her hand. "I'm Jacaranda Espinoza."
"Yeah, I'm not exactly Chinese though. I think somebody in my family came to the States 200 years ago from China. The railroads and all... All I got left is the name," she smiled. "You look amazing," she said. "You're the... um... New Human right? I heard one was... I mean... gosh I sound racist... they told us you were attending B.S.C."
I laughed. "Well I do stand out, and don't worry I know I'm probably the first person who've probably met with any New Human ancestry. I'm actually only a quarter New Human."
"Oh wow... so like... it really is true that we... um... I mean Earth Humans and Ali... ah... come on stop saying stupid... That we can, you know... mix?" She struggled out.
"Wait, people don't really know that here?" I wondered how they covered the topic in States. So far no one else had been surprised that I was mixed.
"Well... I'm kinda from Florida. It's pretty rare for a Floridian to get into a school like this..." she said, as if being from Florida explained anything about not knowing things. "Especially if... well yeah..."
She looked me up and down again, seemingly stuck for what to do next. "We should get down there," I said. "I think it's almost time."
"Oh yeah..." she wrapped an arm around me and pulled me to the stairwell. "Gosh you're so cute, I hope we're roommates, I could fuck you all day long..."
I giggled and noticed her hand had moved to my butt. "Oh no... man I'm so stupid, did I say that out loud?"
"Uh, yeah, you did..." I answered.
"well... oops. But yeah. Sometimes I'm just so Florida you know..." I decided I liked her. Whatever else, she was charmingly funny. Maybe a bit too hard on herself though.
Everyone gathered in the plaza. The girls just had a purse or shoulder bag or sometimes small carry case, but the guys all seemed to be packing two to three large suitcases each.
I noticed a curious group of clearly Indigenous students of both sexes all sticking together. There must have been more than fifty of them and unlike everyone else a lot of them seemed to know each other. The girls with them also looked a little more nervous at being naked than the rest of us.
Rather than mill about people were standing near their bags, unsure if it was safe to look at each other or wander around. It wasn't like there was a risk of losing your stuff though, our Systems could track it all and I'm sure if anyone's bag was opened by someone else alerts would go off. It was more shyness mixed with so many naked bodies.
Even I'd never see anything like this before. I'd grown up with a naked mother, and all her friends. But never a huge crowd like this.
Jasmine and I stood near the fountain, which left me exposed to everyone from almost any angle who might be standing around the plaza. There was no point in bothering to hide when I was the only person in the whole scene with bright violet hair. I did see a few girls with dyed hair, but none of them had it naturally to the roots, nor my ears or many other things that gave me away as a New Human. So I decided I would just own being a scene. Jasmine, for her part, was too busy darting her eyes everywhere to realize she'd followed me out into view.
She was looking over the guys, "I hope I get a guy who's good with his cock," she giggled out. "I want a thick cock, not too long or short though. Oops, did I just say that?"
I giggled and tried to see where her eyes were going, "he's kinda handsome," I said, nodding to a guy who'd just turned away from looking at me to check out some girl off in the crowd.
"Nah... he's got a beard," she shrugged. "Those itch." I noticed her rub over her pussy. "Nothing worse than an itchy guy on your pussy..."
"Yeah I think I can relate to that," I laughed. "For me, that's pretty much anything on my pussy except for... well..."
"Yeah so see, we need... I mean... I need a guy who's clean shaved," she sighed.
"Well what makes you think he's going to go down on you just because he's your roommate," I asked.
She gave me a look like I was some kind of Alien... which... I guess. was true... But she gave me that look anyway. "Silly, why do you think there's only one bed in the rooms? It's not so we take turns sleeping..."
"I thought we were here to get an education?" I asked, humoring her.
"And I plan to get very educated every night," she giggled.
At that moment my display came up in front of me, and I could tell by the reactions that the same had gone on all around me. "Welcome to Blanke Schande" was displayed in large letters with a photo of 'idyllic campus life' behind it. Meaning, naked students walking between classes as a couple of naked girls sat in the grass appearing to be asking a male professor questions. Basically promotional poster like.
"Everyone, your attention please," an older female voice spoke into my system. My AR popped an arrow up in the sky pointing down at a woman approaching from the hedge. She walked to the fountain as people made space for her to come through. "Good after noon everyone, I'm Madelyn Iravani, dean for this year's Freshmen and Sophomore classes. I will be following your classes through to your fourth year as your dean, which means I am the person in charge of your success here at B.S.C." She waved her hands in front of her.
She was about my height, so a little short for a Gringo. She looked to be some form of European mix I could not place. Southern European or Arabic perhaps. She was about my mother's age. Like most modern women she retained a very youthful body due to the nanites my ancestors had brought to New Earth. She'd let her face go to look late 20s, the popular look for women. Old enough to be taken seriously, young enough looking to catch a gaze. If not for my System displaying her age, there'd be no way to know. She had black hair above and below, with her pubic hair kept in a thin stripe. Her breasts were large and without sag. Another sign of nanites.
"Oh, I saw her yesterday," I said, as I realized she was the woman I'd seen the day before on horseback. "She was on a horse off campus talking to a police officer with the Tribal Police or something."
"I will be brief," she said. "As soon as I am done, you will all see your room assignments on your displays, and I recommend you make your way to your rooms and get to know each other," she paused as there were some giggles.
"I said get to know each other," she laughed. "But not like that. Save that for a little later please."
More giggles, and some laughter from the guys.
"I know you're all young and horny, and you will find the rooms are very suitable to helping with that. But first and foremost, despite our special dress code and unusual code of conduct, this is a prestigious university. You should remember we rank in the top 50 globally, top 20 in the USA. Getting to this point is a major life achievement. But making it to graduation is even better. I expect you to play hard, but study harder." Dean Iravani started to pace around the fountain so Jasmine I stepped back and into the crowd.
She gestured to a statue of a redwood tree in the middle of the fountain, "As you know B.S.C. is on Reservation land and we take pride in helping to fund and nurture schools on Reservations throughout the US, Canada, and Guyanan Amazon. Please remember we are guests in Indian Country. You may see Tribal Police from time to time and their female officers will be among the only clothed women you are likely to ever see on campus." The dean paused and looked around.
I had read that historically Tribal police in the States had no authority to investigate or arrests Whites, even on Tribal lands, something that had only changed in the last few decades. I assumed she wanted to remind students that they were real police.
"I wish I'd gone to one of those Reservation schools," Jasmine said. "Since B.S.C. was rebuilt; they've been really good."
Dean Iravani continued. "Furthermore; when you leave the school grounds, California law applies. If you wish to remain nude, you will need special approval. Administration can help with filing for that. The same applies should you enter the wider reservation via the gate near the Administration hall, however Reservation law applies on the Reservation, not California law."
"The unique B.S.C lifestyle is meant to encourage you to be open with yourselves and each other," she declared. "I know most universities in the US are highly competitive. Grade on a curve, weed people out, destroy your classmates to rise to the top." She made a militant like fist pump. Then she waved her hands away and shook her head with a no. "But that is not the B.S.C. way. You will be graded on your merits. No curve here. However some of your grades will be as teams, and you will find some projects where you will get grades based on how much you can improve the performance of another classmate. B.S.C. is about being your best, and working to make others better." She grinned but then turned her attention to the guys.
"Your unique exposure here," there were some chuckles. " exposes you," some laughs. "In all your glory and all your faults. You will learn that despite seeing everything about each other, you will still be able to rise to lifting up together."
Dean Iravani gave a little chuckle as she continued to look at the guys. "I know all of you are lifting a little something right now, I see you squirming there." This time giggles broke out among the girls, Jasmine and me included. "Well guys, yes, you're about to get laid. A lot. Trust me on that. But you're also going to find yourselves having to learn how to respect the ladies here, despite the dress code, despite the erotic tension, to succeed here you will learn how to balance seeing women as both sexual and empowered equals. It might look like you've just landed in the world's largest strip club, but the challenge for you is going to be to learn what all our ancestors once took for granted; that men and women are at their best when they respect each other not as either sexual beings or peers, but as both."
"I'm about to let you all go, but just a few more things," the dean turned to look around us all. "First, you will notice the sexual health and conduct class on your schedule. That will be where you learn about B.S.C. culture, and you'll have a similar class every semester you're here. It's name will change, but it's going to be the class where we shape you as people towards the ideals B.S.C. feels the future will need. We know you agree with us on those goals, or you wouldn't have made it past admissions."
She sat down on a ledge of the fountain. "Also, for you girls that signed up under Free Use, that doesn't start until the second week of classes. Your councilors will meet with each of you individually first, to be sure you're ready for it."
"Darn it," I head Jasmine say. "A whole week..."
"Oh my gosh," I looked at her. "You didn't sign up for that did you?"
She giggled. "Um... Florida girl, remember? Of course. Like... seriously..." I was really wondering about this Florida place now.
Dean Iravani looked to the men. "Guys, any upperclasswomen who are on Free Use, are likewise off limits for you until the second week of classes. That includes if you happen to find one of them in a dormitory area where open sex is allowed." She made a wave and our displays went off. "On that note, open sexual conduct is allowed here in the dorms starting tonight after six pm, but not before. That's six hours. But guys... remember what you were told in the men's brochure."
The dean stood up, and started to walk back to the hedge. "As soon as I'm gone, your displays will tell you your room assignments. You'll see the sophomore class coming in here in about an hour when their event ends."
"Damn her ass is hot..." I heard a guy near me whisper.
"I heard that!" The dean said, then just as she ducked around the hedge she added. "and yes, it is."
"I'm sooo glad we're roommies," Jasmine said. Our displays hadn't come on yet.
"Wait... how do..." my display popped up with a room number, and I looked to see her name listed as a roommate, next to some guy named Qian Melaku.
Jasmine blushed and glanced at me. "Oh um... oops. Oh hey... like... we're roommies, see?" She waved to share her display with me.
"Um..." I said.
"Let go see our room, third floor of that one," she pointed to the last building on the Freshman side. I shrugged and followed her.
"So all those Indigenous girls, they're from the Reservation here?" I asked Jasmine as we walked up the stairs.
"Nah, they're from all over the US and Canada, and a few are from the Amazon," she said. "You didn't read B.S.C. history did you?"
"I skimmed the start of it," I admitted.
"Well, the college was always here, on this Reservation. But for the first century they just paid rent and ignored their commitment to the Tribes. When it got shut down, it was the Tribes that re-opened the place as a University, and they use the money to fund schools and programs all across Indian Country. But the board of Reagents is now mostly Native even though the college isn't. Those schools send some of their best students here. No one from Florida ever makes it in though..." she sighed. "Well 'cept me."
Upstairs the room was pretty much the same as the one I'd stayed in. I briefly saw my drone zip by outside. Out the window I could see girls in all the other rooms meeting each other and glancing out. A lot of them were testing out those handles on the windows then shrugging. We could hear guys coming down the halls. With all their bags they were a lot slower and had to wait for elevators.
"Qian's kinda cute too," Jasmine said.
"Wait, how do you... I mean, I don't have his picture on my display..." I said.
"Oh oops... gosh I'm so dumb... I keep spilling stuff out..." She flopped down on the bed and let her legs spread out. "Like um... I just hacked into the campus because I was getting so nervous about who I'd get stuck with..." she shrugged. "I'm sorry... I'm so Florida, I always forget to think... but, when I found out I was rooming with you, and that you'd been here since last night..." she sat up. "I just had to meet you, like... you know... right away. So I hacked that drone that keeps buzzing around us, and it told me where you were... Uh... I can't believe I'm so dumb... I could've gotten in trouble. But I didn't mess with the drone so it should be fine... right?"
"Hey... that's my drone. You just... hacked it... like... are you kidding me?"
"It's just a drone, I mean, you just..." she wiggled her fingers and shared her display, and I found myself looking at the world through the eyes of my drone.
"How did you even..." I asked.
"I dunno, I means it's just talking to an AI and asking nicely..." She looked at me as if she had no idea.
"So... you hacked the campus too..." I asked.
"Well yeah... I mean I'm the Florida girl not you. So you know, it should be obvious to you," she started trying out the handles on the glass. "Ooo these could be fun. hey there's another pair down here." She got down on her knees and grabbed on to another set of handles."
"It certainly looks fun from here," a male voice said from the door. Jasmine turned her head to look over her shoulder, presenting herself as an amazingly fuckable view. "Hi, I'm Qian," an extremely good looking Asian guy said from the doorway. He was carting two suitcases with him. Just from his arms I could see was very well toned.
"Those bottom ones must be for doggy style," I mused. Jasmine grinned knowingly.
"See?" Jasmine said. "Told you he was cute." Qian blushed as he moved his suitcases in.
"Hi," I said. I waved my hand over the small stand and the bottom drawer popped open. I put my little wooden case from the embassy inside. Qian made the same gesture at the dresser and it popped open to reveal a series of shelves to place clothes and 4 hangers on a rack for things like coats.
"Sorry," he said. "I got all this stuff. My grandfather told me when he went to college, he also had to bring all kinds of books and a computer and stuff."
"It's OK," Jasmine said. "I think I have all I need." She gave a very deliberate look at Qian with her eyes locked below the waist.
"You're from Florida I take it," Qian said.
"OK, what is going on with Florida?" I looked between them.
"She's Mexican," Jasmine said, by way of explaining me.
Qian gave me a top to bottom long look, taking me in fully. "They said you were New Human but, you're mixed right? Maybe... I'd say a quarter, on your mother's side most likely."
"Wait... um yeah... but, how can you tell?" I asked.
"I went to high school in Canada," he said. "Vancouver. About half my class were New Humans or mixed."
"But even people back home couldn't figure out which of my parents I got it from," I said.
"It's just basic biology," he said. "Well... skin tone seems to come in stronger when it's paternal. Hair color is always maternal. And your teeth. That's always maternal due to your... um... well you know..." he blushed.
"Um... your what?" Jasmine asked.
Now it was my turn to blush. The last place I thought I'd meet a Local Human who knew that detail was here. "Well..." I opened my mouth to show her.
"Yeah, I know, New Humans have those fangs," Jasmine shrugged.
"Well... you see..." Qian started. He nodded to Jasmine. "Watch her teeth," then he reached as if to pull down his pants.
"Oh my gosh, like what the fuck?" Jasmine blurted out.
"Yeah," I said. "You tell her." I wanted to see how much Qian knew, and how a guy would explain it.
"So... um..." he looked at me, "sorry if this is weird."
"No go ahead," I giggled at his embarrassment. This was one of those things the news and Alien Affairs had both studiously never covered that Grandma had told me had been quite the shock for grandpa when he found out.
"See... so... they have fangs right," Qian started in.
"Yeah so..." Jasmine said.
"So you know New Human girls are famous for giving blow jobs..." Qian blushed. "And um..."
"Oh my gosh, that's why your teeth..." Jasmine started to laugh as she looked at my row of teeth, and the spot where my canines had retracted.
"Yeah, so..." I started to say, then looked to Qian to see if he know why.
"It's their evolution," he said. "New Human girls literally evolved to suck cock."
"What the fuck..." Jasmine looked at me in shock. "That doesn't make any sense..."
"Well," Qian said. "And I really had to dig this one out of my ex-girlfriend and her brother, but it's really cool when you think about it..."
"I'm sooo sure it is," Jasmine giggled.
"You know how we had a massive Ice Age way back when Homo Sapiens and Neanderthals and some of those others were all still around?" Qian sat in the desk chair as I sat down on the wooden bench. Jasmine had folded her legs to sit on the bed facing us. In time that would become our "lets have an educational talk" pose.
"So they didn't, back on... Old Earth. They had the opposite, and it was brutal," Qian waved to bring up his display. "This is what we believe Old Earth looked like, based on what Alien Affairs has put out." he gestured to spin the globe of my ancestral planet backwards. "Here's what the planet looked like about half a million years before civilization arose."
Most of the oceans were gone, and the temperature was about ten to twenty degrees C hotter. "Water was very precious. Here on New Earth our ancestors would send hunters out into the snow, and they'd gather meat up for weeks or months, and bring it back to the tribe. Frozen and preserved. The women would gather plants near the tribe, and together everyone worked to get through the cold." Qian shrugged.
"I mean, that's the short version. Obviously it was different in places, the Ice Age didn't do much to people in African or South America I'd guess. But on Old Earth the planet nearly burned up. Our best guess is that it's almost a miracle life survived this period and we're not really sure how it got that hot or why it eventually settled on a climate like ours."
"But..."I started to say, then waved to Qian to get him to continue.
"But life finds a way," he said. "Hunters would still go out and hunt, they're even more of a predator species than us Local Humans after all. But you couldn't bring a kill back if it would spoil in days. So the hunters devoured their kills as they got them, storing up fat and protein for later. The women, we're guessing, worked as gatherers. Probably like we've seen here on New Earth as well. Vegetables, fruits, nuts, and so on." He shrugged.
"A diet lacking protein," I said.
"Exactly," Qian said. "They still breast fed, so the young had a supply of food, but the older you got the harsher things would be without some form of protein." Qian chuckled. "Turns out jizz is full of protein, even for us Local Humans. But for New Humans, the fluid in their jizz is full of proteins and fats. All the things they got out there on the hunt, get stored, then shot out in their jizz."
"Oh, my... that's... really weird, but also kinda hot," Jasmine was practically salivating as she looked at Qian's crotch.
"It's also why New Human guys can fuck for days on end," I said. "It's really that they can keep feeding us, The fucking is just a nice side effect."
"Well, now I'm jealous," Qian said. Jasmine laughed but licked her lips.
"Yeah so... my fangs..." I started to say.
"Would probably turn my dick to shreds if they got a hold of me," Qian pointed out. "So they evolved a system where, if a female sees a male and gets 'interested', her fangs just subconsciously retract. Jacaranda here couldn't bite my dick, even if she tried."
"Well a normal bite sure, but not... yeah..." I conceded.
"But she could probably tear my hand off or something, with those fangs," Qian said. "It's actually happened already. A few decades back during some riot in Paris."
"Ew..." I said. "I never heard of that."
"Yeah Alien Affairs covered it up, don't want people panicking. But the New Human that did it was my best friend's aunt. She got cornered by some 'Pure Humanity' terrorists and well... she more or less ate them..."
"So how does that let you know I get my New Human ancestry from my mother though?" I asked, returning to the original question.
"So yeah," Qian said. "Turns out the retraction thing is only subconscious when it comes down the maternal line. New Humans that come through the paternal line... they can retract their fangs at will, but it will only just happen if they're actually sucking cock. Not when they just see a guy who looks interesting. And yours went in the moment you checked out my muscles." he grinned with pride.
"But not all of us New Humans have that adaptation," I said. "The reason we have two subspecies, and you guys don't... during the Heat Age some of us went underground, and even though Old Earth lost something like ninety percent of the oceans, another group went to live in the water itself."
"Yeah, the New Humans with antennae or rabbit ears. Both of those don't usually have fangs. They didn't evolve it, so folks only have them if they're actually mixed." Qian said. "I guess Neanderthals would have become like a sub-species for Local Humanity if they'd survived, given how our ancestors interbred with them so much."
Qian got up and finished unpacking his suitcases. He had a lot of casual outfits for warm weather, and a couple t-shirts with Canadian flags on them. Above the desk there were three squares for us to upload a personal image. I saw him mulling over his choices, spending a lot of time on one with him sitting on steps with a naked New Human girl. She was blue skinned with Glow Girl heat lines over her body and was seen sitting in his lap as he fingered her while she kissed his neck. Must have been his ex-girlfriend. He moved past it and settled on a family photo. Looked like he had an older sister. They were all dressed in winter clothes on the street somewhere, and the girl was standing next to a New Human guy dressed the same as the others, but with his arm around her.
"My sister's husband," he said. "They got just got married a few months ago. Man I'm gonna miss Canada."
"I guess they paired us because you've been around New Humans a lot," I said. "But Jasmine..."
Jasmine looked up, she'd been sitting there with her head cocked at an angle while her fingers seemed to be randomly counting something. "Well I'm a Florida girl so it makes sense," she just shrugged as if that was an explanation.
Jasmine looked at me and raised an eyebrow, "you guys hungry?"
Qian shrugged. I glanced at Jasmine, then him. "A little, I was kinda wondering if..."
"Well, I'm starving!" She announced, then she bounced up and grabbed Qian by the top of his shorts and started tugging on them. "Time for a protein shake."
"Hey um, what are you..." Qian started to say, then looked at me. I instinctively licked my lips as my stomach let out a loud growl. "Oh whatever..."
"Hah, you... you know you want to feed her, don't play like you don't," Jasmine said.
"Well, I was thinking something a little more vegetarian..." I said, "but..."
"This will be a lot more fun," Qian said with a chuckle as Jasmine tackled him and robbed him of his shorts and under garments,
"Oooh, nice cock," she said, and I had to agree. It was about average length. Maybe a tiny bit longer but comfortable. I'm told that's enough to satisfy without going too far in so he could bottom out, meaning you'd get to enjoy being close, hip to hip. I'd seen so much porn where the guys were so big a girl couldn't get him all the way in. It looked hot in the movies, but didn't seem intimate.
Best of all, Qian was thick. A bit more than what I'd gathered was normal. But it looked like I'd still be able to get him in my mouth. Of course I was still a virgin so I just had online data to go on. I'd become obsessed with reading about cocks ever since I lost my clothes. He was also straight rather than curved. I'd read a lot on the benefits of various shapes, but I just liked a guy with a straight cock more.
I took hold of Qian's cock and dragged him over to the window. He stood in the window looking out, getting a nice view of all sort of naked girls in the other rooms moving about and doing whatever they were doing. Not that I knew. I was looking at Jasmine from across his cock. Our hands met in the battle over who would get to fondle his balls, and I let Jasmine win as I started to pump his shaft. Then each of us moved in for a curious kiss that had him stuck between us.
Qian gave out a moaning sigh. Briefly I thought of making a joke about having to go do something important like fill out government census forms, and my little laugh at my own joke blew a breeze upon that dick of his, causing him to twitch.
"Oh my gosh, I just figured it out," Jasmine blurted out. "That thing above the door to our dorm building, below the clit light. It's a pretend pee hole!"
"Focus girl..." I whispered, then ran my tongue over Qian's shaft.
"Oh yeah... like I'm fucking sucking cock, focus..." she held up a fist of solidarity. She went in for another kiss that caught me from across Qian's dick. "Cocks are so weird. Did you know a Rooster has a cock? But like, when they fuck, it only lasts a fraction of a second before they shoot their load..."
"Um... I guess I didn't know that," Qian chuckled looking down at us. "Sucks to be a rooster."
"Nah... sucks to be a hen," I said, as I moved my head around to take Qian into my mouth.
"Oh, they're watching us!" Jasmine said.
"Mmph hmph?" I mumbled.
"Tsk, don't talk with your mouth full," Jasmine added. "The girls in that room across the doughnut. I think we're giving them ideas."
"Look up at the fifth floor," Qian grunted out.
"Oooo, now that's hot," Jasmine said. "I guess these windows are really strong. I wonder what the tensile strength rates at?"
I had to look, and glancing up and across, I could see one girl had found the use for the top set of those window handles. Some guy was pounding into her cunt from behind and her other roommate was just visible to the side reaching out to them.
Jasmine stole my spot on Qian's cock, so I pouted a bit. "Hey... I'm hungry," I cried out.
Jasmine shrugged and smiled around his dick as her head bobbed up and down, so I reach down and stuck a finger in her snatch. "Oh!" she popped off to declare.
I clamped on and began sucking away. "Hey, cheater..." Jasmine said.
Qian laughed. "Oh man, I think I'm going to like B.S.C.... Two girls battling over sucking me off, this is the life."
"Tsk," Jasmine said. "You still gotta study, we're just feeding her."
Qian ran his fingers through our hair. "Oh... the sacrifices I must make to be a helpful roommie..."
I popped off for a second, pointing his dick as Jasmine, "get that ready for me," I said. Then I looked out the window again. More people were watching, but not just at us. A couple other rooms had gotten... busy... in various ways. I only saw fucking out of that fifth floor room, but several girls were getting fingered or more. "This is going to be a crazy place if it's always like this."
"I've read it calms down after the first month, but yeah, there's almost always someone fucking, and no privacy to it," Qian said. "Ooo... I'm getting close..."
Jasmine sped up on his dick, I heard her humming and then bouncing up and down like crazy. With a sudden motion she popped off, pointed it at me, and Qian grunted as I got blasted all over my face before I managed to clamp down and swallow. I got about half of it.
"Sooo tasty," I said. "Local Humans taste like candy to me. My grandmother says the taste is jeztari; an Old Earth candy that was kind of like mango with candied peppers."
Jasmine licked my face. "Really, kinda salty. I only like it 'cause it's so hot. You know... kind of weird that your grandma talks about cum with you..."
I shrugged. "Well, according to my sister in law, New Human guys taste like citrus fruit to Local Human girls. Never asked a gay guy what they tasted though," I said.
"Yeah..." Qian said as he slid down to sit on the bed, then turned around to face us. "My ex-girlfriend was delicious. It's funny how we taste so good to each other. New and Local Human."
"So hey um... nice to meet you roommies..." Jasmine said, licking cum off my face as the door to our room opened.
I went in to kiss her and she spit it out into my mouth. "Thanks," I said. I felt full, like I'd just eaten lunch. Which to the Alien part of my ancestry, was actually true.
"Oh hey," a new voice said. "We're all gathering in the floor's common room to get to know each other. Looks like you guys got a head start on that," a new girl said. "I'm next door down by the way." Then she left. She was a super pale rail thin yet curvy white girl with red hair above and below, but she had a really weird accent.
"Huh," Jasmine shrugged. "A white Jamaican. You don't see that every day."
---------------------------
We sat around in the common room for our half of the third floor, having just discovered that each floor was split into two halves by emergency fire doors. They kept each section to ten rooms, thirty students, and one empty room like the one I'd stayed in the night before.
The common room had a large set of double doors to the outer hall, and a giant glass partition with a sliding glass door on the opposite side. The other side of the partition had five poles with 'AI smart' tentacle shower hoses dangling from above before it met the window on the inside wall. A sign on the glass door marked that as the women's showers.
From the common room entrance doors, the right side wall was mostly blank as a backdrop for AR displays, and the left side had sofas and a wooden bench. To the sides of the doors were cabinets with group activities like board games on the right side, and a microwave, sink, and mini snack fridge on the left side. There were eight bean bags around the room. The place looked purposefully designed to be unable to fit everyone unless some people got very cozy.
The pale red head from earlier was sitting on the wooden bench. It looked to be made of...
"Raw, un-lacquered bamboo," she said. "From Pyongyang in Korea." She patted a spot next to her as she looked at me. Two people I assumed were her roommates where in a beanbag. A black guy in slacks with a mestizo girl nakedly occupying his lap. Jasmine plopped herself into their bean bag and smiled at them, while Qian sat on the bench on the other side of the red head.
"I hear it has to be raw wood for you, right?" she asked me.
"Mostly, but there are some natural wood lacquers New Humans can tolerate. I like bamboo though, it's very comfortable." I smiled and sat down next to her.
As soon as everyone was seated she got up and said to the room, "hi everyone, I'm Amancia Morgan; and yes I'm Jamaican though I grew up in Camp New Mountain in the refugee camps in Guyana. I'm hoping to be an ecology major and help with the land reclamation projects in Jamaica after I graduate."
After that her roommates got up and in no time at all everyone in the room had done a short little introduction. I went last.
"Hi everybody, it's probably pretty obvious but yes; I'm part New Human. So... like, my name is Jacaranda Espinoza. I'm named for a flower my dad likes that has the same color as my hair. It's written with a mostly silent 'J'. I'm from Mexico City, and I'm not really sure yet what major I plan to go for as coming here was kind of a sudden thing."
"I heard she was planning to be a nun," I heard a guy whisper.
Followed by a girl adding, "Oh my gosh, that video; that's her..."
I shrugged. "Yeah, that's me. And it was as embarrassing as it looks."
"Oh I'm so sorry," the same girl said.
"It's OK," I said. "It was a while ago now and," I gestured over my nude body. "I've adjusted well enough or I wouldn't be here."
"Well you look really pretty when you cum," the girl said. "I'm actually jealous..."
"And you look pretty with cum on you," another girl giggled out. I reached up to my cheek and realized I still had half a face-full of Qian's cum there.
I took a dab and licked my fingers. "oops," I said with a giggle. "Yummy though."
"Well we're glad to have you with us," Amancia said, and everyone clapped as I sat back down. "Do you need a tissue?" Amancia whispered to me.
"No it's OK, I'm saving this for a snack," I grinned and she looked at me in confusion as Jasmine started laughing. Qian whispered into her ear and her eyes got really wide.
"I know this is kinda patronizing of me, but I really wanted to say that I am very thankful for your people's help," Amancia said. "There wouldn't be anything left of my homeland if not for New Humans. Even now most of it is still under the ocean, but we're getting more land back every year."
I smiled at her, "Well, that wasn't me, but I think my grandmother's people have as much to be thankful for as well. They lost a whole planet after all. And now we all get to have a future together."
Jasmine turned to face us, "I didn't realize there were still any White Jamaicans? Didn't most of them leave during the twentieth century?"
"Yeah, not all but most. But I'm not actually White," she said. She popped up her display and I saw a black woman in a nice floral gown sitting on a wicker chair with the jungle behind her and two little girls in dresses on her lap. One a very pale white girl with red hair, the other the darkest black girl I'd ever seen, but with the same red hair.
"Me and my twin sister. She's a few minutes older. Dad's White, and I'm just one of those rare genetic randoms that pops out a different color." She shrugged. "My sister's going somewhere in Berlin. This whole naked thing wasn't for her. Dad's family... yeah, way way back they owned slaves and everything. Nasty business. But Dad's family got really involved with the Rastafarians, and believe it or not, Black Nationalism; after Independence. So they were among the Whites that stayed."
She popped up a new picture on her display, "Last week, right before my sister left for Germany. This one was taken in Montego Bay." Two girls side by side in jean shorts, bikini tops, and sandals. Other than skin color they looked identical in every way and feature.
"Wow she's pretty," Qian said.
"It's almost like you're New Humans," I stated. "For us, Skin color is just what season you were born in. It's hair color," I pointed to the red hair of both girls in the picture, "and ear shape that determine ethnicity. My brother Emilio's bright green."
A large holo-display popped up along the opposite wall, showing an aerial view of the campus, and a robotic looking figure in the foreground styled to look like a nude woman made of metal. The figure stepped forward and out of the display to become a ghostly hologram in the middle of the room. "Good afternoon everyone," a female AI voice declared. "I am the AI Assistant for Freshman Dorm three, third floor, B section. You may address me as three-three-B. I am based on the Teacher-Bot series with packages for young adult psychology, sexual sociology, higher education advising, and emergency services protocols."
The AI Assistant Three-three-B glanced about the room in a gesture that I knew from growing up with a Teacher-Bot was only to make us feel comfortable.
"I am here to handle any housing needs that might arise, as well as be your first point of contact with the University Administration. After this meeting you will each get a request to approve partial integration for me into your System. Once approved I will be able to monitor your location on campus, reach out to you should the university need to, and track your health and related concerns. When off campus I will be accessible on demand, and able to locate you should emergency services deem it necessary."
"This room is your floor common room, and I encourage you to make use of the space for socializing and group entertainment. You should refrain from loud sexual activity here in politeness to others. The ground floor has a small cafeteria, public showers for women, three study rooms, and the center garden area where you can eat, socialize, and more." Three-three-B waved and a display of a room came up. "The study rooms have enough desks to fit one hundred and twenty students. The main room is mixed, and there are smaller rooms for male and female students only should you find the presence of the other sex to be distracting. No sexual conduct of any kind is allowed in study areas. Likewise conversation must be kept quiet. Should you need group study rooms for projects, there are additional study areas in the Student Center building. Consult me to schedule time in those."
She went on to cover a number of topics on campus and student policies, how to contact both local and tribal authorities, what to do in a medical crisis, and even such random topics as dealing with an attack or active shooter; something all of us who were foreign students found particularly strange. Each AI Assistant could seal off her part of the building and all walls and windows were bullet proof.
We learned about Presenting again, and several people played around with trying that out. She covered the topic of the female student's right to pleasure; our right to masturbate, and get oral or fingering. Lastly she covered the rules for proper conduct among the men.
I learned that male students were strictly forbidden from initiating a sexual encounter with anyone other than a student registered for Free Use. They had a strong policy of only being allowed to accept an invitation from a female student. There was history behind this dating back to the old small college days when some assault like incidents had been a problem. As the female students were the naked ones, the choice had been made to put all sexual authority in their hands. Though of course no male student was ever required to accept an invitation.
Three-three-B informed us that a part of her health monitoring would be to alert students if she deemed anyone in an encounter was likely not feeling consensual so that things could end safely. Likewise, if she sensed a male student was in a state of 'distressed arousal'...
Something which got us started in making jokes about blue balls. And Qian noting how one of his friends back in Canada was a New Human guy that actually was blue... and well, they used to give the guy no end of ribbing with jokes about 'what color are your balls?' and then Three-three-B had to get us all back on focus.
Noting that, should a male student be too worked up, female students in the area who were likewise highly aroused would get an alert of where to find him, should he be willing...
In other words, a discreet way to lead the poor guy off to one of the areas that allowed sex for some... relief.
Jasmine interrupted "Yeah but like... does that ever happen? I mean we can fuck almost anywhere in the dorms and our rooms are kinda built to encourage us to get it on so..." she shrugged.
"Mostly in the first few weeks, during exams, and after students come back from breaks," Three-three-B stated. "Otherwise yes, students find their own ways of handling tensions."
"I don't know about you guys, but I'm feeling pretty tense," one guy blurted out.
The girl in his lap wiggled her butt and answered, "Yeah he's pretty tense all right. Poor thing, I just might need to assist you with that."
"Please remember that it is only 4:32pm right now, public sexual contact is to be refrained from until 6pm," Three-three-B calmly noted.
The girl yawned, waving a hand over her face like a fan. "Wow I'm feeling tired, I might just need to retire to my room for a nap... Oh look, I should take this big teddy bear with me so I have something to keep warm with."
"Rooms are kept at a constant warm temperature, however plushy toys of the school mascot can be obtained at the Student Center," Three-three-B noted. The girl rolled her eyes and we all laughed.
"What is the school mascot again?" I asked Jasmine. I thought mascots only existed for schools that had sports programs.
"Some kind of tentacled octopus thing," she replied.
"Of course it is..." Amancia said, then she, Jasmine and Qian all laughed.
I shrugged. "I don't get it."
"She like... never watched porn before or something," Jasmine said, and the others nodded knowingly.
"As for schedules," Three-three-B continued. "B.S.C. has a lights out policy of twelve hours before any resident of a room has a class on the next day. This is only in regards to your dorm room. At that time the lights will go out and your window will turn one way, blocking light from coming in, but allowing the outside to still see in. You may use this one way feature at any other time as desired, to block your view of the outside. However your windows can always been seen into."
Three-three-B then advised us all to remember that B.S.C. required all students to live in the Dorms, even married students, and that no special accommodations were made for married students. She also told us that many full time faculty without children lived on campus in an area near the botanical gardens, but this was not required of them.
After that we watched a movie showing various alumni talking about the wonderful time they had had at B.S.C. and how it had changed their lives, as well as some of the different things they had gone on to do, mixed in with a section of famous alumni from the past. That got followed by another movie on campus life, events, and on the local Reservation community. That last part marked the first time since coming to the campus that I had seen women with clothes on and for a moment it was very strange to see.
When the last film ended Three-three-B wished us well in our studies, noting that classes would begin tomorrow and that it was now just after 6pm. Some of the group immediately ran off to find places to relieve 'tension'.
"Let's get something real to eat," Qian suggested. Jasmine and I followed him out and down to the first floor cafeteria. I discovered the place had been stocked up, unlike what I had seen the prior night in the other building. Guessing that had happened while we were meeting with the AI Assistant Three-three-B, I offered to cook tacos for us while Qian went to work the espresso machine. I watched him get out a scale and measure the coffee he used. Jasmine hovered around me trying to learn how to cook food naked without getting burned.
"I imagine this is easier for you," I said. "You can wear one of the aprons over there."
"Don't we have to stay naked?" She asked. I pointed to a sign on the wall telling everyone that no, B.S.C. women could and should wear proper safety gear when working with stoves.
"I guess I should have had a good fuck before coming down here, but I learned to be careful from my mom just this past year," I noted. "You won't see many New Human girls as chefs though, too hectic for nude cooking, and the fans over the stoves give too much air so the allergy just kicks right back in minutes after relief."
"I can't imagine seeing any," Jasmine said as we chopped veggies. Onion, Cilantro, Jalapeno peppers, tomatillos, some shredded queso, a dash of hibiscus flowers, a little firm tofu, a little minced garlic, and a sprinkle of lime squeezed over it. All wrapped in corn tortillas that I briefly cooked in a dash of olive oil.
I shrugged. "Nanites. You'll get at least a couple second or third degree burns every day, but the nanites will at least heal them. Some people tolerate the pain. Not for me though." Looking over, Qian was using the scale to measure espresso shots.
"Ouch..." Jasmine said. "Good thing these don't need much cooking."
Qian came out with a set of cappuccinos. "Really not supposed to drink these after morning," he shrugged. "But for new friends, an exception." The tacos were soon ready so we all sat down and ate. Tacos and coffee. Probably not the most thematically coordinated meal, but it worked.
"These are really good," Jasmine said over her taco. I eyed mine suspiciously.
"They'd be better if I had fresh tortillas. But at least these are corn and not flour. But the fresh veggies and real Mexican peppers helped." I looked at Qian, "I noticed you used the manual espresso machine, not that pod one."
"Worked in a coffee shop as a summer job in high school," he said. "The latte art there, isn't just about show. If the milk can hold latte art, then it's been frothed right. But you still need the right balance, the right grind, and good beans. They've got Rwandan, which are the best in the world by far."
"Kinda reminds me of chocolate," I said with a grin.
"Uh oh..." Jasmine glanced around. "We gonna need to step out of the cafeteria?" There was a no fucking in the cafeteria sign at the entrance.
"Nah, it just reminds me of it, like a hint in there. It's not making horny or Qian'd already be horizontal," I laughed out.
"Yeah I love mochas, but... not on a school night," Qian chuckled. "We'd never get any sleep."
"Ah..." Jasmine said.
As we got up to leave, I noticed one couple out in the center garden area going at it missionary style while a second girl sat on the face of the girl being fucked. They weren't from out floor though.
When we got back to our room, the others got on their Systems and sent messages home. Something about my conversation with Amancia was bothering me. About Jamaica. I realized that the entire Caribbean was mostly underwater like Jamaica. That should have included Florida.
So I quietly looked it up. There was no Florida. Not anymore. It'd gone under decades ago. The entire state and a little bit beyond, with just some random rocks here and there above the waves.
Things had been very nasty as the state had tried to outlaw every measure that would have saved it, help it evacuate, or helped the people living there. In the end they had more or less resorted to letting people shoot each other over the last few scraps of land, then fleeing out. All while things like solar, sea wall dykes, and modern clean energy had been outlawed. In the final years as the state sank into the ocean it had instead focused on putting people in prisons over their choice of sexuality or for some reason desire to study history and science. In the end refugee camps were restricted to people with IDs that could only be gained by being in the right political organizations, and the vast majority just vanished into the nation's many ghettos and shanty towns. It was a massive lesson in worst case outcomes.
Even now as the oceans were going back down, the land was not being reclaimed or restored. The country had just decided it must be better off without a Florida.
But that meant, what was up with Jasmine and Florida. Where was she really from? It must have been some joke in the States as Qian and everyone else was just in on it.
I looked over at Jasmine. "What?" she said, looking up and causing me to realize I'd been staring. "Oh my gosh I'm so dumb. Such a Florida move, I forgot my bag, it's probably been sitting outside all day." She got up and ran out of the room.
Qian chuckled. "Where's she really from?" I asked. He shrugged. "There's no Florida, so why's she keep saying she's from there."
"Oh that, yeah... she's pure Florida all right. Ditzy and clueless even if she's probably smarter than both of us combined," he just shrugged. "I imagine we'll figure her out when she's ready."
After that I called my mother and had a long conversation about my experiences so far, and all the usual study hard, stay safe, and find a man to marry speeches. An hour later Jasmine came back with a small backpack. "Whew... they'd had it up by the Student Center. There's a lost and found there."
"Couldn't they just read the tag and see it was yours?" Qian asked.
"Yeah I really need to stop hacking those..." Jasmine said. "I just can't help myself sometimes."
"Well, my mom thinks you're cute," I told Qian. "I think she's already planning our wedding though, Mexican moms..."
He laughed. "Guess I better go look into a good tux."
"Hey what about me?" Jasmine demanded with a laugh.
"Oh well then I guess we'd have to move to Europe where they allow those poly-marriages," Qian said.
"I think it's gonna be fun rooming with you guys," I shrugged and went back to my Display. Had to chat with my brother and let him know I was doing well up here so far. After that I was tired of sitting on the wooden bench so I got the case the embassy had given me, took out the silver dildo, and started to play.
"Let me help you with that," Jasmine said, reaching towards me. "These things are always better when someone else does them for you."
"Mmmm," I sighed out, as Jasmine began to pump my dildo into me.
"You poor thing," she said. "You just want to lie down don't you." she grabbed my hand led me to the bed. "Am I doing this right?" she asked.
"Yeah, while I'm... doing it... my hormones are suppressing my allergy." I laid down on the best. Qian was pretending to be too busy with his Display to notice, but I knew better. I started to rub my clit to add to the sensations, but Jasmine pulled my hand away to replace with her own.
"Is it good, do you like that?" she cooed at me, as she began to rub around my clit, ignoring the little nub itself. "Oh my gosh, look Qian; I thought it was big before but her clit gets so huge when she's all worked up."
I heard Qian chuckling. Then I gasped out as the pace increased on my clit. "Oh hey look, this thing isn't just a dildo," Jasmine said and I felt vibrations inside as my toy was turned on.
"Oh fuck, it's growing more ridges in there!" I gasped. "What the fuck are you doing to my clit?" I rolled my head up to look down but her fingers were spread around me there and rubbing in a wild pattern. "Qian, what's she doing down there?"
Qian looked over, "oh should I take notes? Is this on the exam?"
"Please... now who's the Florida boy?" Jasmine declared before leaning in to suck on my clit. She pulled up suddenly just as I was on the edge and gasping. "The fuck? Qian, she's squirting sweet lemonade."
Qian busted out laughing. "Hey I'm trying to cum here!" I declared. "Get back down there."
"My ex was like oranges with a hint of grapefruit," he said. He sniffed the air. "Yep, I guess we don't need to get air freshener."
"Wow, that's so..." Jasmine started to ramble.
"You! Focus!" I grabbed her head and shoved it into my crotch.
"Mmmfph, bgrgle..." she responded.
"Oh sorry," I loosed my grip on her and she started furiously licking around my clit and then she pooped out the vibrator and licked into my pussy. "Oh yeah... just like that..." My legs shook and I had my moment as she kept going. I was thankful I was not actually a squirter despite what she'd said, as I wanted to get in the bed not spend the next however long cleaning it.
When it was over I sighed and let my body relax into a puddle. If there'd been a drain in the floor I would have been lost.
The door popped open and a girl I remembered from our common room looked in and said "Hey guys, some of are watching a movie, want to join?" She gave me a suspicious look that had a grin to it.
"Nah we're good, see you in class tomorrow," Qian responded as Jasmine rolled off of me.
"Huh, where'd you guys get the lemon scent freshener? It smells great in here." she said.
Qian and Jasmine both pointed at me.
"Got any left, my room smells like... um... you know, we got a little frisky..."
"I think she's all out for now," Jasmine said.
"Yeah... whew... yeah..." I muttered.
"Um... OK. Well let me know where you got it cause I love that smell," she said, then the door closed to the sound of her bare feet running off to the next room.
"Well... I'm spent," I said.
"You sure are," Qian said as he resumed looking at his Display.
The next day classes would start. I had U.S. History through to 1945 and Adult Level AI Training 101 for Monday. I tried to stay up and go over the syllabus for my first classes, but instead I cuddled up with Jasmine and quickly fell asleep from the exhaustion of the day's many events.
I woke up some time in the middle of the night to the sounds of soft feminine gasping. Trying to be as quiet as I could I opened an eye to look over and saw Jasmine and Qian next to me, slowly fucking missionary style. Qian put a finger to his to lips to shush Jasmine as he kept up his rhythm.
The room smelled like candy.
It was very hot to watch them there next to me, but I was so tired I fell asleep before I could enjoy it much.