Another brutal day at work had finally ended. I was working summer hours in the foundry, 3 am to 1 pm, meaning I didn't see much of my family since when they were home I was trying to get some rest. I had worked the last few weekends so the horrible work schedule meant my wife and I hadn't had sex for weeks. I considered this as I drove home, my cock getting hard. I would have an hour or two before my wife (a teacher) and kids got home from school. It might be nice to work a load out.
As I drove down our street I saw a car in our driveway. Tiffany's. My wife's sister was out of work and my wife had offered to pay her to help clean our house. I didn't know the schedule they worked out, but obviously today was cleaning day. She's divorced and trying to support herself, so any source of income helps.
I walked in the door and gave Tiff a quick hug. She's about 12 years younger than me, early thirties, and was wearing shorts with a t-shirt with a low neckline. Tiff is petite, cute but not a knockout. We have been good friends since meeting. She was just a kid when I was dating her sister, but matured into an attractive woman.
I changed out of my work clothes into a pair of nylon sport shorts, grabbed a beer and sat down to chat with Tiff. We talked about her job search. She had several leads but nothing that really interested her. I glanced at the curve of her small breasts and felt my cock swell just a little. I've always preferred smaller tits, and Tiff's t-shirt exposed enough to catch my eye. She slid off the couch and sat on the floor, leaning back against it. I grabbed another beer and sat on the ottoman facing my sister-in-law. Taking a long draw from the bottle, I saw her eyes on my crotch. I took a second swig, and when I looked again her attention turned back to our conversation. She shifted and in the process pulled the front of her shirt a bit lower. Now there was no doubt that my cock was lengthening. I'm not huge, 7.5 inches when fully erect, but I've always been satisfied with my circumcised cock. I did dress it up by getting a Prince Albert piercing. As my meat slowly thickened, Tiff's eyes were locked on my shorts. I realized I was going commando and she could see up the leg of my thin shorts. I shifted forward just a little, my shorts riding higher on my legs. After a few beers my inhibitions we're lowered and I was ready to see what would happen.
The excitement of the situation aroused me further and I felt my shaft push further down my leg. Tiffany squirmed, still staring. By now I was half hard and growing. I knew the head of my cock would be nearing the opening of my shorts. I was leaking precum now and I could feel it dripping from the tip of my member. I knew I should cover myself, but Tiff seemed fascinated and I was to the point I really didn't care what she could see. More blood flowed into my cock and when I glanced down I could see the head and just a little shaft extending beyond the leg of my shorts, the ring in my piercing shining. A long line of precum hung from the red tip.
My erection was reaching the point that it began rising as it lengthened further. Another squirm. Tiff was tugging on her shirt when her right tit popped above her shirt's neckline for just an instant. We locked eyes, still talking about job opportunities. I looked at her chest and her eyes went back to my cock, which was now lifting the hem of my shorts as it climbed. From Tiff's position, I knew she could see most of my cock and probably my balls. Precum was flowing down my shaft. My cock twitched and the fabric of my shorts slid down leaving my erection waving, totally uncovered. I looked at my cock, then at Tiff.
Our eyes met and some sense of control returned. I adjusted myself, covering my hardness. Of course this did little to conceal anything. My nylon shorts tented obscenely and precum spread, darkening the light blue fabric. I was fully engorged and my cock throbbed, pushing more fluid into the cloth against my tip. My 2 gauge PA was distinctly outlined as was the bulbous ridge of my head.
I was so aroused I feared (hoped?) I might ejaculate without any contact. A car door slammed. Then another. The family was home from school! I curled into the chair, concealing my erection. Tiff ran to hug her sister, collected her pay and left.
After talking about how everyone had a hard day, I excused myself to take a shower. Stepping under the spray of water, I thought about my afternoon with my sister-in-law. My cock was already erect and I began stroking it slowly, wanting to enjoy the sensation, but the earlier exhibitionism was too much. Just thinking about Tiff's little tits moving as she watched my cock put me over the edge. I convulsed, my cock erupting, shooting ropes of thick white cum against the wall. It took at least ten spurts before the flow reduced, followed by several contractions that sent more cum flowing onto my hand. I was spent. The intensity of the orgasm exhausted me.
As I recovered, the post-orgasm guilt hit. Had I ruined my relationship with Tiffany? Did she think I was a pervert? I was wracked with concerns, having crossed a line I never thought I would. In the end, nothing changed between us. Neither of us ever mentioned it and we have never had a similar situation. I wonder what might have happened if the family hadn't come home. In hindsight, it's a good thing they did because I was beyond control and probably would have regretted the outcome.