Author's Note: This story was requested by my reader, Sovietspyder.
*****
It wasn't real. It wasn't real. It wasn't real... It was real. Mia couldn't take her eyes off her reflection, though the mirror didn't show her face anymore, gaze firmly planted on the heaving poles of rigid flesh that drooped from her crotch. Twin penises in every way, right down to the pink splotch on the right-side of them. They hadn't softened since she got home, as if annoying that she hadn't stayed to use them on Annie and Keira.
How would that have turned out anyway, she wondered and bit back a deep moan. Her cock – cocks, she mentally corrected herself – jerked and slapped against her underbelly, forcing her lips apart to let her moan aloud. If she fucked using both of them, the sensations would be doubled.
"Oh god," she groaned, picturing Annie and Keira being impaled on the dual shafts. Keira could be on top of Annie, the two making out while their bellies were distended by Mia's sheer size. Their flesh would rub together as well.
A burst of delight shot through the centaur's body as her cocks leapt and exploded with a deluge of pre-cum. It splattered against her wooden floor, each glob was half a centimetre thick and a murky, white colour. More dribbled profusely from her tips, streaking down the lengths or pooling between her hooves. Her eyes refused to stray from the sight.
She almost swore her body was growing before her eyes. Her ball sack never looked so big before, like it had spontaneously doubled in size since growing her second cock. Which made sense, she thought before turning her attention back to the hulking members. If everything had doubled, then what would her orgasm be like. Her breaths deepened at the possibility, recalling just how prolific she already was. What she wouldn't give to just get a glimpse of her capability.
The only problem that stood in her way was a keen lack of reach. No matter how she tried to angle her two halves, she couldn't reach her giant, three-foot shafts. All she could do was stare at them, whether through the mirror or as she laid down. The flared heads were both about as wide as a volley ball with blunt tips, which housed her urethral openings and released her never-ending pre-cum. Even with her constant growth, Mia doubted she could fit her hands around a single shaft, let along both.
They were almost the same length as Annie was. She giggled at the thought, imagining what that might look like if she kept growing. Annie could lay next to her erection, with her whole body wrapped around it and still have more to spare, or if she tried to take it up her cunt again. Mia shook her hindquarters in longing, swaying her dual members side to side and flinging more of her murky pre across her home.
She, fortunately, didn't own much furniture. A couch for guests, an old grandfather clock that was there before she was moved in, and a large tv that had a sheet of plastic over the screen. After her recent growth and the incidents it incurred, she didn't want to take chances. The last thing she wanted was to watch Hell's Kitchen while Gordon Ramsay had cum-stache. Although that would be hilarious, she thought.
Random ropes of her pre-cum splattered across the mirror and the wallpaper around it. Her doctors had recommended that she be able to study herself at nearly all times, in case anything felt wrong and being a centaur made that tricky at best. Mia paused her fantasy and facepalmed. She'd completely forgotten to try calling again.
After she'd ducked back inside, her attention was engulfed by her reflection. She forced her eyes away, and her mind to focus on finding her phone rather than the pleasant sensation of slick pre-cum pouring from her dicks. The flow refused to stop or even slow despite her efforts, leaving an unmissable trail whether she went.
"There you are!" Mia announced and snatched her phone from the kitchen counter, then turned to trot back into the living room. She forgot to duck, however, and smacked her head on the doorframe. The entire farmhouse had been upgraded to handle her unique situation. Every room provided enough space for her to turn freely, while the ceilings stood high enough that, even now, she could only touch them with the tip of her fingers. Though that likely wouldn't last long.
"Come on, come on," Mia mumbled as the phone rang. This information couldn't wait until Friday, or even tomorrow for that matter, "Pick up damn it." She snapped in frustration. As expected, it beeped and asked for a message. Mia pinched the bridge of her nose and sighed, tossing her phone onto the couch. She glanced at the time; 12:43AM.
Had she really been staring at herself for that long? Mia groaned and rubbed at her eyes, finally feeling the time, though she doubted sleep would come easily with her shafts as they were, not to mention how soaked her bed would get. It wasn't necessarily a bed, more just a large mattress for her to lay on. She had a thick blanket for Winter.
"Bathtub it is then," Mia muttered, at least there she wouldn't have to worry about flooding the place. She settled into the tub, though it was more of a lavish shower stall with nozzles at almost every angle poised to clean her properly. Her cocks rubbed against the ground, eliciting a soft groan of pleasure. Pre-cum almost immediately pooled under her, spreading out to encompass the area before being swallowed by the drain. She'd need a nice, long shower to wash it out.
The last thing she needed was to walk onto campus reeking of sex. Albeit the idea made her shafts throb all the harder, especially given how Keira and Annie reacted just to her natural odour earlier. Who knew what would happen to everyone else? Mia ground her dual-mounted groin against the increasingly slick floor, moaning gently as her fantasies took hold.
She had Annie riding one cock, while Keira and Rhona pleasured the second. They took turns deepthroating it, stretching their bodies beyond human possibility time and again. Other people would take notice, coming over to see the spectacle. Then, one by one, they'd join in in anyway that they could. Kissing Mia, sucking on her tits, masturbating in front of her, or bathing her balls in their spit. And for the grand finale, she'd systematically fuck two of them at a time, inflating their bodies with cum.
"Fuck!" Mia cried and grabbed at her breasts. So caught in her imagination, she hadn't noticed her grinding hips moving faster or the rising pleasure. Her cocks exploded with cum, overwhelming the drain to flow across her bathroom tiles and into the living room. She didn't care about that, though. Every facet of her being was turned toward the mind altering tremors racing across her body. Her hips continued to buck with each shock of delight that sparked from her balls, through her shafts, up her spines and straight to her brain.
The flood persisted on and on. She pulled on her nipples, the comparatively tame sensation enough to trigger another explosion that set her balls rumbling. Each burst across her underbelly made her all the more aware of her body, as if the spurts were making her grow even bigger. Her balls practically felt like there were more than just two as she ground against her floor. Cum filled the stall, pouring over the inch high barrier faster with every second.
Mia turned onto her side and let her cocks unleash their torrents into the air. Without her body in the way, her jets of seed rocketed against the shower wall, splashing back onto her face and body. It already looked thicker than her earlier release. She continued to grope her breasts and tug on her nipples, moaning the entire time.
The white of her bathroom floor quickly vanished under the off-colour goo. Her door slowed it from leaking out into her home, though she could do nothing to keep it from oozing under the barrier. By the time she finished, her entire house would likely reek of cum. Not that Annie would likely complain.
Gallon after gallon was expunged from her cocks before they finally calmed. Hardly an inch of her body was spared, globs of jizz clung onto her brown fur and matted her neon-pink hair and tail. It'd take forever to get it out after it dried, she thought. Mia weakly raised a hand to turn on her shower, then shrugged and curled up as best her centaur body could. After dealing with Keira, Annie and this latest development, she couldn't find the will to do more than sleep. She could handle everything after she woke up.
She blinked and groaned against the harsh rays of sunlight that peeked through her bathroom window. The angle was just right for them to cover her face, forcing her to sit up if she wanted to avoid the luminescence. Mia's lips curled as something thick and sloppy fell from her side. She glanced down through bleary eyes to see last night's product in full.
"Oh, right," Mia sighed, then shuddered softly when she touched her fur, finding that most of it was crusted in dried cum. Even her conspicuously pink tail was covered in the stuff. Before she did anything else, she needed a full force shower. Mia flicked the switch against the wall and turned the dial beside it to maximum, then stood in preparation. She, then, stood up to let the many nozzles do their work.
After sleeping in such an uncomfortable position and on such a hard surface, she seriously needed a stretch. Mia groaned in satisfaction as her joints popped, sighing as she relaxed her back, then stretched her arms high. Or she would have.
Her ceilings were all ten feet tall as a standard. No more, no less. The physicians responsible for predicting her growth over the years decided it would suffice, certain that she would reach eight feet at best. Mia tilted her head back. Her hands were pressed flat against the roof, yet her elbows were forced to remain just above her waist. She was barely half a foot below the pearl-white ceiling.
Yesterday she swore she had near two feet of space. Mia lowered her hands as the shower activated, rinsing her jizz encrusted body of every fleck that adhered to her hair and fur. The water was just the right temperature, spraying against her sensitive areas with a delightful pressure. She turned her head and saw that her hindlegs were only a few inches away from touching the other wall, while her nipples had only a fraction of that distance.
"You've gotta be kidding me," Mia groaned, then gasped as a nozzle turned slightly, as it was programmed to, and sprayed against her balls. They jostled about in her spacious scrotum, though it felt like there was more than two. She gulped and used a back leg to feel her sack. Her eyes bulged open as it swung to and fro, the contents gently colliding together. There was more than two, without a doubt, "What the fuck is going on?"
Her fright gave way to a soft moan as the nozzle sprayed against her sheaths. A ripple of pleasure zipped across her body, forcing her sheaths to grow tight around their occupants. She bit down on her bottom lip as the dual shafts slid out an inch into the constant jet of moisture, forcing her lips apart with a breathless sigh. Every drop of moisture was akin to a caress on her sensitive heads.
Mia leaned her head against the wall, breaths coming deep and slow. Her nipples hardened, striking out further and further while her cocks did the same. They ran out of room before long and mashed against the shower, adding another element to her burgeoning pleasure. She unconsciously rubbed her chest against the plain wall, incapable of resisting her urges.
There wasn't a speck of cum left on her body. Its job done, the shower nozzles returned to their default positions and turned off, leaving her to stand amidst the steam. Her body glistened in the building sunlight, droplets of water tracing across her lightly muscled physique. As the sun rose higher, so too did her cocks. They gradually slid into freedom with the pure intention of finding another release.
"What time is it?" Mia whispered. On cue, she heard the song for her warning alarm from her room. She only had ten minutes to leave if she wanted to arrive on time, "Ah crap..." None of her shirts would have a chance of fitting. Her breasts looked bigger than her head now, not to mention how long her torso had become, or her nipples for that matter. Even after her arousal was cowed by worry, they still poked out over an inch.
Each of her cocks had fully retracted at least. Part of her was curious to see how big they'd become overnight, but her rationality swiftly silenced the wish. She could check after classes. With Annie. And possibly Keira. Then she could also find out how much cum she was producing in her newly doubled testes.
She threw top after top over her shoulder. The only ones that might've worked were sweater, and the weather was far from suitable. Sunlight bathed her entire bedroom, from the queen-sized mattress to her dresser to the... she almost did a double take when she realised how sparse her bedroom was. That'd have to change.
But later. Mia snapped her attention back to the task at hand, then turned her attention to a bag slumped against her door. She'd chucked it in her room after coming in last night. Yesterday seemed like a dream to her, yet she knew it was real. The proof hung from her crotch after all. The centaur ducked down to sift through its contents, quickly happening upon the skin-tight, elastic top Keira had pointed out.
She doubted it would cover her entire torso, but it'd at least make it over her tits. Hopefully. Mia yanked it over her head and breasts, forcing it to stretch until it groaned from the strain, then snapped it into place. Despite the material, it only just reached her stomach and hugged her breasts so tightly that she might as well have been naked. At least this way no one could arrest her for indecent exposure.
The law was on her side as far as that was concerned. So long as her human half was covered, then she could even get an erection in public without legal issue, though whether or not people would appreciate such a sight was another question. One that she wanted to test. No she didn't, Mia mentally protested and trotted into her kitchen to find her quick, simple and filling breakfast.
"I hate my appetite," Mia grumbled when she stepped outside. It took almost five bowls of cereal before she felt like she'd survive until lunch. She slung her bag over her shoulder and took a glance at her phone; two minutes left. One tardy slip on her record wouldn't be the end of the world, but she would prefer not to have it all the same. The centaur took a deep breath and launched herself toward the campus.
There was comfort in how her hooves pounded into the familiar terrain. Each fall could've been from a sledgehammer dropped from several metres high, leaving a deep imprint that completely obscured those that came before. Trees and brushes blurred into obscure green and brown shapes, through which flecks of light bled through. Neither compared, however, to the sensation of wind ripping through her fur and drying hair.
The ripples that weaved through her equine-half were almost akin to a gentle brush. She had come to appreciate such a feeling over the years, especially from a delicate hand, often going so far as to request her friends' aid. But no one could match the sublime fusion that sprinting provided.
All her senses were fixed ahead of her. She ducked and dodged low-hanging branches with ease, or rammed through them without care, hardly slowing her brutal gallop. Freedom came to mind, and little else. The fact that her shirt revealed her midriff and barely made her boobs decent didn't matter at all, nor did the feeling of her four balls knocking about in her sack, or even how her shafts lightly pulsated within her sheaths. Rather, those sensations merely added to it.
Societal demands were unimportant now. Just memories of oppression, of keeping her gloriously sexual body under wraps, all to fit in. Mia almost wanted to abandon her life as it was and run into a dense wood, hidden away from humanity. Perhaps she might even take Annie with her? That'd be perfect. Freedom combined with sex whenever she wanted it. And there wouldn't be a problem with how big her body became.
The wicked sounds of society razed such thoughts in an instant. Mia's face burned as she slowed to a casual trot, hooves clicking against concrete once more. All around her, people slowed or outright stopped to gawk at her with their heads tilted far back, mouths agape like she hadn't existed for almost ten years. She knew that wasn't what consumed their focus.
For some, it was the huge sheaths that rested close to eye-level with the humans. Others, they were preoccupied with her certifiably enormous bust, its every detail hardly obscured by the form-hugging shirt – the garment might as well have been painted on for how effective it was. Some even lingered on her subtly muscular abdomen.
She walked through them with her head turned low. Whispers began to creep in amidst the stares, always pertaining to her shape in some way.
"Look at her breasts!"
"Jesus, is that another sheath?"
"She's got four balls!"
"How big is her cock?"
"I want to ride her."
"Slut... me too."
"Me three."
Mia hastened her gait at the last two murmurs. An intimately familiar wave pulsed through her veins, rushing from her human half into her lower form and straight to her behind. She did her best to ignore the feeling of her sheaths distending with her swelling shafts, though her admirers had no such qualms. They pointed and told their friends, bringing as much attention to them as they could. The centaur bit her bottom lip and rushed onto campus.
Sadly, a student body comprised mostly of young adults didn't improve the situation. She slowed to a stunned trot, hooves clacking noisily against the path, while everyone else seemed frozen into silence. Her mind shot back to the scene from The Birds as she glanced around. They all seemed so small now, she thought. It was to be expected. She had to be more than three feet taller than the average man.
"Hey, Mia!" Annie waved from the main building, smiling as if nothing had changed. She was stood at the top of the stairs, easily six feet above the ground yet, as Mia approached, she was only slightly over the centaur.
"Hi, Annie," Mia smiled warily as she climbed the ramp beside the stairs, coming to a stop as she towered above Annie. The girl had never looked so tiny.
"So, been developing some stuff, huh?" Annie grinned and winked, then stepped under Mia's belly, "Fucking hell, babe! These are huge."
"Please don't," Mia flushed and nervously shifted her weight from leg to leg, unknowingly swinging her sheaths before Annie's face.
"Okay," Annie's voice left no doubt as to whether she was pouting. She took a long, loud inhale before stepping away, "Damn, you smell even better today. Hey, after class can we...?" She let the offer hang in the air, though her eyebrows wriggled suggestively while her legs spread apart slightly.
"I... yes, probably," Mia sighed.
"Yay!" Annie pumped her fists in victory, then turned and pushed out her rear, giving it a little a shake, "I can't wait to try two cocks at once."
"Let's just get to class," Mia rolled her eyes, though the desire that throbbed within her dual cocks was undeniable. The college hallways seemed built with giant centaurs in mind, for the path was wide and the ceiling stood at least three feet over her head, offering more than enough space for her to stroll through. She wouldn't outgrow such a generous space if she was lucky.
Though the hordes of students offered a challenge. Some things change from high school to college; cliques, education and social standing came to mind first, but there were plenty of aspects that remained as terrible. One being the sheer number of people around. Throngs of her fellow students stopped in place to stare, consuming the spacious hall and forcing Mia to force her way through.
Mia yelped as someone's hand shot out from amongst the onlookers to rub at her sheaths. Their purpose was to protect her cocks, yet, almost in spite of that duty, she felt the touch as clear as day. She tried to glare at the person, but they faded into the crowd. The centaur released a sigh and continued to her class, all too aware of the many eyes locked onto her overfilled sack.
Like the college as a whole, the classrooms were designed to house entire legions of students at a time. Each was equipped with at least a hundred-and-fifty seats and desks, though Mia's lessons also featured a custom made desk for her use. The ceilings were lowered to make the most use of the other floors, giving Mia only a single foot of room. She didn't stop as she clicked along the hard floor to her desk. If she did, all she'd see were shocked and curious eyes.
She trotted to her place at the top corner. Her desk was attached to an arm that extended from the wall, with adjustable height and a small button on the bottom that would alert her teacher of any potential issues in progress. There'd never been a reason to use it yet, though she feared that, with how her libido and growth were developing, there soon might be. Even her elastic shirt felt like it was constantly being tested further and further.
Mia gulped back a whimper as she recalled how revealing her apparel was. The collar clung tight to the base of her neck, unyielding unless she actively pulled on it, while the black fabric and slim rubber stretched across her chest. Every inch of her breasts were defined against it. From the way her bosom swelled from her upper torso, filling out into full, perky teardrops, to how they encroached on her biceps.
Yet the material didn't even reach her bellybutton. Mia worriedly pawed at her naked stomach as she folded her legs to sit, feeling the powerful, yet softly defined muscle beneath her skin. She'd always been physically fit as a human, sporting a very similar abdomen, but her fitness had dwindled somewhat after the incident. Now it looked as though she hadn't gone a day with some exercise.
She had no complaints if her extreme growth spurt improved her physique. Since her first time running with her new form, she'd become almost wholly focused on that, foregoing any training for her arms. Her human-half had progressively softened over the years of neglect, though no one could tell. Even she had her doubts as she inspected her subtle muscle tone.
A very different sensation at her rear caught her attention. Mia shifted her hindquarters to try and remove it, then stopped as she realised her sheaths were being mashed into the coarse carpet. She bit down a whimper as discomfort and pleasure began to swirl together, slowly swelling within her over equipped sex. The centaur turned onto her side, baring her twin sheaths to the class. A symphony of gasps burned through her ears as she adjusted her desk.
The lecturer, Miss Harper walked in shortly after through a door at the front. She didn't look at her class yet, taking her time to organise her items and take a final look at the lesson plan, "Well," she began, lifting her lightly wizened face to the room, "Shall we... b-begin?"
No amount of public speaking or experience as a teacher could prepare someone to see Mia as she was then. In tandem with her students, she silently stared.
Mia, similarly, found herself enticed by the older woman. There was no arguing Miss Harper's appearance, even with the wrinkles she'd earned through her life. Full, yet short brown hair framed her visage, while her blouse strained against her healthy bust. Her skirt was left little leeway around her matronly hips and ass. Miss Harper's figure had lost a great deal of tone at her age, covering her in a soft layer. One that was undoubtedly more pronounced at her breasts.
"Miss Davies, please stay behind after the lecture. I'd like a word," Miss Harper cleared her throat, and turned to her whiteboard with a remote in hand. Mia only nodded, ears instantly at attention for the lecturers rich, British accent that was just shy of snobbish. It managed to hold a class and sensuality few American's could possess, one that many students openly tried to imitate. Mia included.
The centaur managed to look away as the lecture began. She surveyed the rest of the room, hoping that her classmates might focus on their studies, rather than her sudden explosion in height. That hope was sorely misplaced. Everyone only had eyes for her, no matter how their hands were poised for note-taking. Some managed to glance between the board and Mia, and even take occasional notes as they did so. Their gaze always lingered on her, however.
Mia trained her eyes on the whiteboard. Perhaps if she ignored them, they'd do the same after realising that she didn't think it was that big a deal. But it was, her mind argued. Her sheaths were on full display, and her quartet of balls sat heavily on the floor. Each orb had to be the size of a small soccer ball, yet her black, lightly-furred scrotum remained loose around them. Her body screamed excess.
Even down to the amount of fluid she produced. Mia's face scorched at the memory, while her heart throbbed harder, echoing within her nipples and lower-half. Her classmates began to whisper amongst themselves, eyes still completely fixated on her. Beneath the murmurs, she caught a faint groan rom her shirt and glanced to it. The centaur bit her bottom lip to keep herself quiet.
Being so close to her heart, her nipples had a direct flow of her desire. They plumped out further and further with every jolt to her lust, shoving against her rigid shirt to be freed. Mia hastily reaffirmed her focus on Miss Harper and her notes, copying as much of the lecture as she could, whether it was useful or not. Her classmates continued to mutter to one another, however, clearly staring at her breasts.
She hunched over, trying to conceal them from view. All that did was mash them into her arms, highlighting their sheer size and sending a sharp rush through her system. Mia inhaled at the sensation and quickly relaxed. Her breasts fell into their natural place within her shirt, despite it barely qualifying as such. The murmurs dampened at a sharp ripping sound.
Miss Harper turned to inspect it. All eyes were on Mia without distraction, each pair zeroing in on her chest and the abundance of flesh that was unwillingly displayed. Her shirt had torn under the weight of her breasts, opening a great rend in the supposedly resilient elastic. The tear only went across the front, stopping at her underarms, and extended down the tops of her tits. It came to a fortunate, almost planned end just before her dusky pink areolae came into view.
"Woo!" Someone cheered to a chorus of applause.
"Tyler!" Miss Harper snapped, her voice carrying over his praise to silence it in an instant, "Do... do you need to go change, Mia?"
"Um," the centaur bit her lip, staring down at the large hole in her shirt. It revealed everything from her collarbone to the ends of her breasts, leaving her engorged nipples vaguely covered. She could see several pairs of eyes all affixed to her naked flesh in her periphery, shamelessly basking in the view. Despite herself, her cocks both throbbed powerfully and pushed against her sheaths, "I... I'm fine. J-just ignore me."
"If you're sure," Miss Harper frowned in worry, though her gaze was just as enamoured by the view as everyone else's, and turned back to her lecture. Mia glanced to her side and saw a group of girls eyeing her deviously, all wearing the same smirks she saw in movies, the ones that promised mischief. She recognised one of them as Bella, the local 'bimbo' of the college. And a notorious slut.
She'd tried and failed to sleep with Mia during the centaur's sophomore year. The denial hadn't sat well with her, leading the bimbo on a tirade – that had yet to end – against the half-equine and her friends. Few people bought into her propaganda, the four that did formed a circle around Bella. They were known as either the life of a party, or the killer, since Bella seemed unaware of the concept of sharing or boundaries and her followers modelled themselves after her.
None of them stared at her chest like the others. They were, however, utterly fascinated by a sight near her hindlegs. Mia took less than a second to understand what they were fixated on. She glimpsed Bella licking her plump, bright red lips. The blonde bimbo didn't notice, or didn't care that Mia was looking at her as she moved a hand across her body. Mia followed it, her own gaze tracing Bella's incredibly curvaceous figure.
It was common knowledge that Bella had implants. The rumours that started had been short lived, as she confirmed them for all to hear when someone asked her. She had no shame from what Mia could determine. The bimbo's wardrobe had nothing but outfits that complimented her notorious title, from slutty schoolgirl ensembles to something that a stripper would wear. She barely stayed within the realms of public decency.
On that day, she wore a simple vest and skirt. For others, that would be revealing enough to entice the desired eye. For Bella, she left very little of her bronze tan to the imagination. Her neckline ended near the peak of her breasts, presenting several inches of her implanted cleavage, while the hem hung just past her nipples, not even covering the bottom halves. Bella's legs were hidden under the desk, but Mia could see the skirt she wore.
It looked as if it'd barely reach over her ass. The smallest step and her pussy would be flashed to everyone around her. She had to be wearing panties, otherwise the bimbo would have been escorted from campus long ago, though Mia doubted they were anything less than a thong. The centaur jerked her vision back to Miss Harper as Bella's hand slid under that tiny skirt.
The worst part of it was that Mia was all too aware of the pressure building in her sheaths.