The first thing that Katie noticed was a bottle of clear liquid. The old man removed the cap from the bottle and began to pour it generously over her body. He started with her shoulders and breasts and let it run down her stomach and legs. He then poured more on to his hands and began to massage the oil in to her skin. He explained to her that it was a natural oil that to help her skin shine with the new clothes. Through a foggy mind Katie thought that this was reasonable and didn't protest about the roaming hands. As well as the aphrodisiac that Katie had consumed with the wine she was now being covered from head to foot in another form of aphrodisiac that was being absorbed in to her skin. Almost immediately her skin began to tingle and the warm feeling between her legs began to intensify. Her breasts were also feeling the effects and her nipples were standing out like bullets from the front of her heavenly breasts.
Katie found herself getting excited about what she would be wearing. She had long since forgotten about her nakedness and was now focusing on the warm feeling between her legs and the buzz in her head. She felt a little giddy but she attributed that to the wine she had drunk. Her arousal had grown to such an extent that when the old man began asking her asked her about her personal life she didn't even flinch and answered with fear or delay. His questioning was deliberate as he wanted her arousal to grow and her although the aphrodisiac would likely achieve the results on its own he felt confident that this beautiful girl could further manipulated and her wanted her mind to be filled with erotic thoughts so that any action he might take would be embraced. His questions started innocently but by the time he was finished he had asked her if she regularly had penetrative sex and how often. Without hesitating she had explained that she'd had a boyfriend but that they had split a few years ago and since then she had been single and not had sex.
The old man turned back to the bench and as he did Katie was left with her own thoughts. The old man's efforts had paid off, all Katie could think about was sex! Her thoughts were so intense that without noticing Katie had let out a couple of little moans as her mind and thoughts (and the aphrodisiac) had her in an erotic haze. Although convinced that he had her in the right frame of mind he didn't want to take and chance and so for another few minutes the old man massaged more lotion all over her body.
Katie's arousal was at such a level that she simply let the old man continue without question. Her arousal was beginning to peak as her nipples were squeezed and pinched. When the old man placed his hand between her legs and start rub his fingers along her pussy lips she almost collapsed. For the next few minutes he kept rubbing her pussy and clit until her pussy lips were red and swollen with arousal. Just as Katie was about to orgasm for the third time that day the old man removed his hand. The old man smiled and nodded to himself, he gathered the bundle of newly tailored clothes from the counter and made his way to her side.
Katie's mind was in a whirl as she stared at the white fabric in his hands and she couldn't quite work out what it was that he was holding. The old man had been so impressed with Katie's shredded blouse that he had decided to go with something similar for her first 'costume'.
The old man approached her with the top first. She noticed that the material appeared to almost shine and glow as he began to unfold it. He walked around to the back of the girl and held the material against her back and lifted it on to her shoulders. The top was sleeveless blouse, a halter top, and tailored to fit tightly over her curves. Katie noticed that there were just 2 buttons in front. As the old man pulled it around her body the glow from the material became more apparent. Semi sheer, it was made of a very thin stretchy lycra type material and had silver sheen woven in to the sheer white fabric. The old man gestured for her to raise her arms slightly which she did and he passed each through the sides of the top.
With both arms through the old man walked to stand in front of the girl and pulled both sides of the top together. He first buttoned the bottom of the 2 buttons which sat just below the bottom of her breasts. He then buttoned the second button which sat a third of the way up between her breasts. That was it!
The bottom of the blouse sat a few cm below the bottom of each breast, cut away in the middle and below the bottom button, each side of the blouse narrowed to a triangular point. Katie was showing acres of cleavage and although half of each breast and each nipple was cupped and covered snugly by the blouse, over half of her amazing chest was still left naked.
Although the points of the blouse hung lower than the bottom button, they were so narrow that it was not unlike a crop-top, and with the middle cut away, if Katie reached up, she would be exposing almost everything.
The old man again gestured for her to raise her arms out the side, which she did without question. As she did the top rose and an ample amount of lower breast was exposed just to the bottom of her nipples. The sides, through which she had passed her arms, were cut all the way down to the bottom of the blouse and were open across each side. Once again the side of each large breast was exposed. With her arms outstretched the old man asked Katie to turn at the waist, first one way and then the other. With each turn the blouse slid across her soft skin and more flesh was revealed. Although never fully exposed, the edge of each nipple came in to view. At this point the old man reached up and opened the top button of the two and asked Katie to repeat the same twisting. This time, at the end of each turn her nipples popped in to view as the blouse slid across the side of her breasts. To Katie's relief the top had been tailored in such a way that it held its shape and as soon as she began to turn back, her nipples slid back under the top and out of sight. Satisfied with the more dramatic effect the old man took small pair of scissors and removed the top button. He didn't want Katie thinking she could button it back up later in the day!
With the open sides and just the one button fastened, the front of the top was being pulled outwards and had formed two vertical panels, moulded over each breast where they were only pulled together by the single button which sat level with the bottom of her breasts. The inner curve of each breast was fully exposed all the way to the underside before the blouse panels began to offer some cover. The outer side of each breast was naked as was the inner, the blouse panels only covered an area just wider than her aureoles. With just the one button fastened it was going to be a challenge to keep her movements contained enough to prevent any unwanted exposure.
In comparison the back of the blouse was modest affair. As the blouse came over her shoulders there was large 'V' cut away all the way to the bottom of the blouse and although exposing a lot of naked flesh and hanging only to the mid of her back, this at least gave her some relief that it was relatively secure.
The old man reached for the what would be her skirt. It was a rectangular piece of thin lace in a grey charcoal colour. As the old man held it out Katie could see that is was no more than 20cm wide, and narrowed slightly along its length. He positioned one edge over the outside of her right thigh and then reached around and pulled the skirt around her body just below her hips. The skirt fastened on her hip with a single button. Not entirely happy with the fit the old man pulled the buttoned side lower so that the skirt angled across slightly. Katie saw immediately that the buttoned side opened down its length leaving a naked area of thigh which was a good 10 cm across at the bottom, and not much narrower at the top. Although exposed on one side, she could see that the skirt offered more cover than her ripped skirt of yesterday. It sat below her hips, resting just above her tuft of pussy hair and fell just below her pussy offering her a modicum of decency as it rose across to be some 5cm narrow on the opposite side. That was it, she was dressed, or so she thought!
The old man turned back to his work area and began sorting through the contents of a small box. Katie's anticipation was beginning to grow as the old man next reached for a number of silver chains.
He clipped the first chain around her waist and pulled it down just below her hips so that it was level with her skirt.
The old man continued and grabbed another silver chain. This chain was the same as the first but along its length it had two oval shapes attached. The ovals looked like a small pebbles and were about an inch in length and width. On one side they had a small catch, but other than that they were completely smooth. This time the old man hooked one end of the chain to the middle of the waist chain and let it fall under the skirt and between Katie's legs. He then walked behind Katie and reached between her legs pulling the chain up between her pussy lips and then up between her ass cheeks. As he pulled the chain tighter it slid softly between her pussy lips making Katie shiver as it pressed against her clit with one small pebble resting at the entrance to her pussy.
With the chain firmly anchored between her pussy lips he pulled the loose end further up and between her ass cheeks and hooked it to the waist chain than ran across the top of her ass crack. Katie could feel the second pebble rubbing against her ass hole and it was taut enough so that it was rubbing in all the right places. The old man paused and then after a moment thought he unhooked the chain and pulled it a little tighter. Katie yelped as she felt it slip deeper between her pussy slips, a pebble now well and truly in place at the entrance to her pussy and ass! Satisfied he now had it tight enough he removed the spare links from the end of the chain and re-clipped it in place.
Katie was now relishing the feel of chain. She could feel how wet she was and how aroused she had become with the pebble lodged firmly in her pussy.
With the sheen from the blouse, her breasts looked like they were positively glowing. She took a step forward and began to walk in a small circle in front of the mirrors. She almost breathed a sigh of relief when she saw that her pussy remained covered, but she would have to quickly get used to the open sided skirt offering a good view of her naked thigh and the occasional glimpse of something more. Checking her outfit again as she walked she was left breathless as she watched her near naked body sway as she moved on her high heels. Her ample curves appeared to in constant motion.
The old man had been watching her every move and walked over to the mesmerised Katie. He handed her a glass of water which she drank thirstily. He was determined to keep Katie in a state of arousal and so had dosed the water with more of the powerful aphrodisiac. Katie didn't need anything more to heighten her arousal but within a few minutes her body was aching for somebody's touch, any touch!
The old man checked his watch and decided that he had time for one or two last additions to her outfit.
Katie was so lost in her arousals that she hadn't noticed that the old man had left the room and returned carrying with two small rings. He took the first of the two rings and undid a small spring on the side. He took the opened ring and reached under the girl's top and looped it over her erect nipple. Before fastening the clip, he made sure that it was pressed firmly against the base of the nipple. He repeated the same on her side.
Katie's nipples reacted immediately and although he thought it would be impossible, they grew more erect and pushed further out through the silky material as they swelled. The shiny silver rings shone through the silk, they were advertising her arousal and inviting any admiring eyes to stop stare.
The Oldman decided to push his luck and retrieved one last smaller ring. He guided Katie over the sofa and had her sit on the edge. He slowly pulled her legs apart so that they were almost in a splits position. During all this Katie was lost in her own world, the drugs and now the nipple rings had her head spinning. Without a word the old man pulled her skirt to one side to reveal her pussy. He carefully teased her clit in to full view and then as with the nipple ring he pushed it to the base of her clit and flicked the spring closed. Given Katie's arousal he had wondered if it would work, but the ring pressed firmly in place and locked first time. Her clit immediately swelled anchoring it firmly in place. With the stimulants Katie had consumed and the other pieces of jewellery that she was now wearing, there would be no chance that it come off. He pulled the skirt back over her pussy and was delighted to see the clit ring shining brightly through the thin lace material. He was also delighted to see her swollen clit pushing against the skirt, trying to peep through the thin lace. It was better than he had hoped for, you could actually see her pussy and clit through the thin material.