This is going to be the penultimate chapter in this series. I would like to thank all my readers and encourage you once more to vote, they help keep us amateur writers motivated.
This story contains elements of BDSM, blackmail, public humiliation and degradation. If that is not what you like please don't read any further. As always vote and leave comments. I would love to know where you want the story to go next. Feedback is always appreciated. Enjoy.
*****
How did I get here? How could I let things get so out of control? I was in Carries office, under her work desk, naked as the day I was born. I was in the very place I work in, the place where I meet my colleagues every day. Anyone of them could walk in at any moment, after all Carrie is the supply manager. She probably has the busiest job in the school. What would happen if someone walked in? The desk did guard me from the front and the sides but if anyone came around the desk to talk to her, I would be caught. All this was going through my head when I felt it.
I felt Carries toe against my nipple. They were hard as diamonds. She manipulated my nipples with her toes, grabbing them with her feet and groping them. I felt degraded and humiliated. Here I was a school teacher crouching under a desk at my own school, naked and vulnerable, groped and teased by the feet of the very person who is blackmailing me. I felt like shoving her feet away but decided against it. She still holds all the cards, I can't make my move unless I know how to get out of this situation.
Slowly I felt her move her feet, tracing the outline of my breast with her toe. She moved towards my midriff, teasing as she touched the skin just above my clit. All this stimulation was clouding my judgment. Suddenly I was feeling less hostile towards my captor and was starting to feel hornier. I needed release. I felt humiliated. Why was I getting aroused by this degrading behavior? Why did I want to masturbate? I moved my hands towards my clit ready to have my release when she slapped my breast with her feet. Ouch!
"Don't you dare, you slut." That's all she said.
I was scared. I didn't want to piss her off, not in my current situation. Do as you are told Eva, endure this till you can go home and figure a way out of this situation. I felt like crying, but I am not going to give this bitch the satisfaction of breaking me.
She resumed her efforts, moving her feet back towards my crotch. She rubbed my clit with her toe, increasing my arousal with each stroke.
"Look at you, Eva. What a pathetic sight you make, eagerly waiting for an orgasm while I rub my dirty toe against you clit. You are nothing but a dirty whore, aren't you?" she said. I whimpered as I felt myself moving closer to my orgasm. All this dirty talk was making me hornier by the second. I truly felt like a slut, humping against another woman's dirty foot.
"Tell me Eva, tell me what you are" she said.
"I am a dirty lesbian whore." I mumbled. "What? I didn't hear you properly. Say it loudly and clearly."
"I am a dirty lesbian whore, who will do anything to cum. "I said shouting as I felt the orgasm finally wash over me. Her rubbing stopped as she moved her foot towards my snatch covering it with my cum. "You truly are a slut who will do anything for an orgasm, aren't you?" she said. "Yes!" I heaved as the orgasm finally subsided. She moved her foot towards my mouth. I eagerly lapped at it, licking my cum from her foot.
Where did this come from? Why was I acting as such a slut? Why was this degrading behavior arousing me so much? I cannot believe all it took for me to cum was her toe. I felt dirty just thinking about it. Just then I heard the door open. Shit! Who could it be? I heard a woman's voice.
"Hey Carrie. Could I get a new set of markers?" it was Jo. Shit! She hates me and wouldn't give away this opportunity to humiliate me if she discovered me under the table. "These new ones don't last very long. The previous ones lasted a lot longer." Jo said. Carrie got up from the chair and walked towards the cupboard at the opposite end of the room. Suddenly I felt exposed. I could see the sunlight falling over my naked body illuminating it and making me realize just how naked I was. My rival was standing just a few feet from me and could discover me at any moment. I stayed as quite as I could, hoping that this nightmare would soon end.
"So did you hear, Eva called in sick today?" Carrie said. What was she doing? Why was she stalling this? Why doesn't she just get the damn marker box and hand it to the bitch? "Yeah I did. Trust me she's sick but not the way she called in for. She is probably lapping at some dirty cunt, lezzing her ass out somewhere at this very moment. She is just a horny slut, who will do anything to get release." She said. I felt degraded by what she said. That bitch! Part of the reason I was so pissed off was because she was right. I was lezzing my ass out naked under the desk just a few feet from her.
"You are probably right. I have noticed her give dirty looks to almost all women around her. That slut just can't keep it in her pants." Carrie said. I didn't understand the sudden change in her attitude in just a day. It seemed like all she wanted to do was humiliate me and she was succeeding. I could feel Jo smiling.
"I think we are out of markers here. You wait while I get some from the supply room. "I was shocked. She's going to leave me all alone under the desk naked with Jo still in the room. Now I was truly scared. I heard the door open and Carrie walked out. Suddenly there was silence in the room. I heard Jo walk, was she walking towards me?
She came to a halt right above me, I heard her pick something from the desk. All that was hiding me from her view was the desk. If she came around the desk she would discover me. After what seemed like eternity the door opened once again, I prayed it was Carrie. The thought of someone else discovering me like this was too terrifying.
"Here you go." It was Carrie, I assumed she handed Jo the markers. I was relieved when I finally heard footsteps walking out of the room. Once she was gone, I heard the door being closed. "It's a little disappointing she didn't find you. That girl really hates you a lot. It would be interesting to see her reaction to see you like this, don't you think?" she said. I stayed quite, but I was getting really pissed off. She left me alone with that bitch, she really could have discovered me. That would have been the end of my career.
"Come out, Eva." That's all she said. I froze, she can't expect me to come out with the door not bolted. Anyone could walk right in and discover me. I stayed in my place. "Don't make me repeat myself E, it would not go down well for you." She said sternly.
"I won't come out Carrie, not until you bolt the door."
"If you don't come out at once, I will call Mr. Red and tell him that I found you like this in my office. You will lose your job and the humiliation would be beyond belief slut. So I am asking you one last time, COME OUT."
I felt helpless, I have to do exactly what she says. Reluctantly, I crawled out from under the table. I tried to get up, but my legs felt weak from being crouched for too long.
"No need to get up, you can crawl your way to me." She was standing right in front of the door. Slowly I crawled my way to her, shaking from fear as I did so. All that was going through my head was, that anyone could barge in right now and see me like this. Once I reached there, I stayed on all fours awaiting her next instructions. But they never came. She simply walked away from me towards her desk and sat down once again. I stayed frozen in front of the door totally naked. I was too scared to ask her anything. I must have stayed in this position for about ten minutes before there was a knock on the door. It startled me. I looked towards Carrie, expecting her to ask me to hide under the desk or in the closet. But she simply looked at me and said, "Aren't you going to open the door, slut?"
She can't be serious, she can't expect me to open the door like this. "Please. Don't make me do it." I begged pathetically, that was all I could do. She looked at me clearly amused by my situation. "Ok, hide where you want to, I will get the door. Be quick I am not going to wait for you to hide." She said as she walked towards the door. Quickly I walked towards her desk and crawled under it once again.
She opened the door, I heard her say something but it was not audible. She walked out of the room and closed the door behind her. Who was it? Did they see me before I hid completely? I was still hiding under the desk hoping that Carrie would soon come back alone. It took her five minutes before she finally came back.
Quietly she walked back towards her desk and sat down. She looked at me, smiling on seeing me scared and vulnerable. "You look so beautiful Eva, just like you are right now, scared and aroused, angry but vulnerable. You were meant to be like this." I beg to differ, I am meant to be teaching English to my students in my classroom. She was difficult to understand. One moment she is a relentless bitch who enjoys making my life a living hell and at the other moment she is complimenting me and showing me compassion. I thought it was better to stay quiet and pout so I did exactly that.
After some time I saw her rising in her chair slightly, pulling down her panties. She put them in her purse before she looked down at me once again, this time with hunger. I could feel the heat radiating from her pussy, she was very aroused. It seemed that thinking about me crouching under her desk nude on her command had turned her on immensely.
With me still under the desk she wrapped her legs around me pulling me in towards her snatch. I knew what she wanted. I didn't want to do it, but I had no choice. I extended my tongue slowly in the anticipation of her pussy. When it finally came in contact, I lapped at it as hard as possible determined to make her cum soon. She tasted different today, a lot less pleasant than she did the last time. She was saltier, it almost made me barf, but I controlled myself. Maybe, how you feel about someone changes the way that person tastes. Maybe, or maybe she had peed recently and what I was tasting was essentially a mixture of her piss and pussy juices. Latter made me question whether doing all this was really worth the trouble. I tried to pull back, but she was pulling me tightly with her legs.
Resigned at my fate I continued my efforts, though with a lot less enthusiasm. I am sure my face was red, partly from the lack of blood flow out of my head and the other from the shame. After all I was a grown woman, licking another woman's pussy which I am pretty sure is soaking with piss. After what felt like an hour but was actually somewhere around ten minutes, there was a knock on the door.
I stopped immediately scared of being discovered, I tried to back up into the desk but Carrie pulled me back in. The door opened and I heard the clacking of heels. I feared it was Jo again, but it was someone else.
"Hi Carrie, how are you?" It was Karen, principal Reds assistant. She is a sweet girl, around 21 always in a happy mood. She has always been nice to me, but I doubt that would be the case if she caught me like this. She reminded me of a stereotype cheerleader, always so chipper and outgoing. Just like a cheerleader she mostly wears short skirts, so short that I often wonder how she gets away with them being a staff member.
"I'm good, what brings you to my office Karen." Carrie was still breathing heavily and it was quite obvious in her voice. There was a little pause, I think she suspected something.
"You wanted to get some requisition forms signed for the new library books signed, I thought I'd swing by and get it from you."
I decided to have some fun, Carrie obviously was very near to her orgasm when Karen interrupted. I decided to resume my efforts with her still in the room. I leaned in, between Carries still open legs and went straight for her pussy.
"That's so thoughtful of yo-!!?" she gasped at the first touch. That only encouraged me more, she had humiliated and degraded me all morning, and it's only fair if I do the same by making her cum in front of Karen. I lapped at her pussy relentlessly using every trick I knew to bring her to a volcanic orgasm.
"You okay, Carrie? You seem a little light headed."
"I..um..good just-a... little... tired, had-a.. late night... with friends." She mumbled, she was getting close I could sense it. "Been there, done that." Karen said.
I attacked her clit with my fingers. That along with my tongue was enough to send her over the edge. She came, barely keeping it together as I felt her shake, it's a mystery how she stayed so quite. Still shaking Carrie opened the drawer in her desk, picked up the requisition forms and handed them to Karen. "Thanks for helping me out."
"Anytime." Karen said as she turned and started walking towards the door. "Take care. I'll see you later." Finally she left the room closing the door behind her.
"You fuckin' slut" Carrie said as she pushed me away by kicking me in the gut, not very hard just a playful kick. "You can't get enough of me, can you? Making me cum in front of Karen, that was so slutty of you. If you wanted me so bad all you had to do was ask." She said smirking. NO. That was not what I was going for. I wanted her to suffer, to be humiliated the way I had been.
"It's great to see you finally getting into it, you can deny it all you want but I know what you truly want." She said beaming. What had I done? Was I really enjoying it? The hard nipples and moist pussy seem to indicate so.
She got up from her chair and went straight for the door. She bolted it before asking me to come out again. Crawling out from under the desk with a sense of fear and anticipation I finally stood in front of her. She was smiling, that's the first time I have seen her this happy all morning. Was she right? Was I really finally getting into it? Before I could complete my chain of thought, she walked towards me, pulled me in by the waist and kissed me hard. Without thinking I reciprocated. She's a wonderful kisser. Wait, what?! As soon as I realized what I was doing I pushed her away.
"No, Carrie. I can't do this, I love Kirstin. I will not hurt her." She grabbed my nipples tightly and twisted them. "Oh stop the charade E, you want this as much as I do. You are enjoying this, it's clearly visible." She said as she let go of nipples and moved her free hand towards my snatch. Massaging my outer lips with her fingers she continued, "See, it's clearly visible. Stop fighting me and give in completely."
She was wrong, my body may betray me but I knew exactly what I wanted. I wanted out of this, I wanted to go home to my gorgeous girlfriend and be with her. I thought about telling her all this, but decided otherwise. It was not wise to piss the only person who has access to my clothes. But I couldn't give in either. I couldn't let go of the last bit of self-respect I had. So I stayed quite.
She looked at me expectedly for the longest time before, I saw disappointment appear on her face. Quickly she changed her expression to the one that I had seen all morning. I could sense the shift in her tone as she said, "This is getting boring, slut. You have been in this office all morning and no one caught you. I think you are starting to get a little too comfortable here. A change is in order." I didn't like where this was going.
She looked at her watch and said," Five minutes before recess starts. I am going to give you back your clothes, you can wear them if you want or not it's your choice. I want you to go to the basement staff parking, find a white ford fusion there and wait behind it."
This was perfect, this was the opportunity I was waiting for. I can finally make a break for it, go home and figure out how to get out of this mess. I high-fived myself mentally for my brilliant escape plan but I guess Carrie had already thought of this.
"Before you think of this as an opportunity to go home, let me propose something. If you do exactly what you are told, I will permanently delete two of your photographs."
She knew she had me before she even said anything. This could be the way I get out of this. Do what she says and slowly all my photographs would be deleted. I was seriously considering this, after all this was the only option I had.
"I am not going to force you to do this, I want you to do this willingly. I will delete the promised photographs once you complete the task. If you decide not to do this, I will make sure they reach all the interested parties." She said coldly. This was just an illusion of choice, no way was I going to choose the second option. Dejectedly I hung my head, she handed me my clothes and mobile phone.
"Once you get there, text me and I'll send you further instructions. Hurry, you don't want to be caught by a staff member wearing that." She was right. The top was too tight and clearly displayed my erect nipples and the skirt was too short. I had to be careful, and quick. I will have ten minutes after the bell for the recess rings to get to the basement parking, if I want to avoid my colleagues.
Carrie left her office, leaving me behind waiting for the bell to ring. I was scared, once I get out of this room, there will be nothing guarding me. Anyone, student or teacher could see me in my current state and that will surely raise a lot of questions. RING!!
It was time, quickly I opened the door slightly to look around. The hallway was filled with students. Shit!! This was not good, I can't go out like this. But I have to get to the basement, I have to get the pictures deleted. I had an idea, quickly I tied my hair into a high ponytail. I looked at myself in the mirror in Carries office, I looked very different. I looked like a student, yes this could work. If I am careful enough they will not notice me and think I am just one of them. I left the room and went straight for the corner stairs. They were my best option, hardly ever used and went all the way to the ground floor from where parking was very close. I walked briskly, trying to be careful. It was difficult not to flash my pussy in such a short skirt but I managed somehow.
I got a lot of leering glances from boys and dirty looks from some of the girls but I didn't care. None of them recognized me, they just thought I was some dirty slut who studied with them. This was going well. I was about to reach the corner stairs when I heard someone call me out.
"Hey you. What's your name?" It was Amanda, the head cheerleader. She was eighteen and a senior but didn't take my class and luckily didn't recognize me. But what was I going to say, I panicked.
"I...i'm Kirstin." I said timidly. Fuck!! Why did I just use my girlfriend's name? Well it was better than using my own.
"Whatever!" she said, " Just tell me this, do you dress like a whore because you are one, or you just want attention so much that you would walk around the school wearing that top with no bra." I was shocked. How can she talk to me like that? I was about to scold her but remembered, I was disguised as one of them right now. Her comment, had grabbed the attention of many students who stood in their place all looking at me. I have to get out of this.
"Sorry. I'm sorry." I said timidly and turned ready to leave. That's when I fell straight on my face, she had pushed me! The humiliation of falling was multiplied a hundred folds by the fact that falling had caused my short skirt to bunch up around my waist and my ass was on full display to any student who could see.
"Oh my god!! She's not wearing any panties either. What a slut!" she laughed and everyone laughed with her. My face was red, this was my nightmare. The humiliation was so intense that I had started to shiver. I got up somehow, and with my skirt still bunched up I ran towards the corner staircase. I was running as tears were running down my face. I could hear the rude comments. They called me slut, whore and other bad words but I continued to run.
"Yeah! Run whore, run back to the street corner you came from, this is not a school for sluts like you." yelled Amanda which was followed by cheering from other students. I finally reached the staircase and ran down the stairs. Once I reached down the ground floor, I straightened my skirt and stopped to catch my breath.
I was still shivering from the humiliating ordeal, I couldn't believe what had just happened. I just flashed my ass to half the students. Luckily I didn't hear anyone mention my name, and was hopeful that no one had recognized me. I wiped away the tears and left the staircase.
The ground floor was clear, I had five minutes before this place would be crowded with teachers and staff members. The humiliation if caught would be a lot more than I had just experienced. I quickly ran to the stair that went all the way to the basement parking. I was careful to keep my skirt down. Once I reached there, I started looking around for the white ford fusion. It was parked at the far end of the parking. I reached there, pulled out my cell phone and texted Carrie that I was there.
Standing behind the parked car I anxiously waited for Carries reply. What was taking so long? I was scared, if I got discovered it would be a major humiliation for me. I was wearing clothes that could make even the slutiest of students blush. A few minutes passed before my phone buzzed. Finally.
"The trunk to the car will open soon, I want you to strip and put your clothes in the trunk and close it. Inside the trunk you will find a blindfold and a pair of handcuff. You know what to do with them. Stay behind the car kneeling and wait for me. I'll be there soon." That's all she said.
The trunk to the car opened as I reached the end of the message. I didn't want to waste any time. Quickly I stripped what little I was wearing and put them inside the car. There was a black strip of cloth, which I assumed was the blindfold, along with a pair of handcuff just as instructed. I locked the handcuff on one of my hand and then blindfolded myself with the black cloth. Moving my hands behind the back I cuffed my other hand. I turned around and with great difficulty closed the trunk of the car. Should have done that before cuffing myself. I felt stupid. I kneeled down behind the car waiting for Carrie.
It was strange how easily I was back to following Carries orders so willingly. Was I doing this really because I was being forced to do so or was I actually enjoying it? My mind raced to the first day I served Carrie at school. How exciting it was, how arousing it felt. I could feel my nipples hardening and my pussy moistening just thinking about it. I was enjoying serving Carrie so much, what went so wrong?
I heard the sound of footsteps, someone had entered the parking lot. I heard Carries voice and calmed down a bit. As the footsteps got closer I realized there were multiple sounds. There was more than one person! Who could it be?
I heard the footsteps get close to me, until they came to a halt right in front of me. There was an audible gasp. It was a woman, I was certain of that. "Oh my god!" the mystery woman said. It was a whisper, I couldn't recognize who it was. I was turning red with shame. This could be anyone, a fellow teacher, staff member or worse a student. Someone other than Carrie, now knew my dirty secret.
"I told you, she'll do anything I say and all I have to do is keep telling her that one day I will 'make love' to her." Carrie said mocking me. "You were right, she is a slut, who just can't keep it in her pants. Look what she is willing to do for just a lick of my snatch." I could feel myself turning redder as Carrie continued to verbally humiliate me in front of god knows who.
"What can you make her do?" The mystery woman asked still whispering. "Anything." She replied. "Hmm, Slut I want you to open your mouth as wide as you can and stick out your tongue." Not wanting to piss her off any more, I did as she asked. I waited in anticipation of how she was going to degrade me further. But what she did shocked me completely.
She spat right into my open mouth. I almost barfed, but the thought of getting the pictures deleted crossed my mind and I controlled myself. "Now, swallow." Came her next command. Feeling completely and utterly degraded I swallowed the glob of spit. "Good slut." That's all she said as she patted me on the head.
"Wow, I would never have believed this if I had not seen it with my own eyes." She said giggling. "You know what, you can have her for the rest of the school day. I am bored with her anyway." Carrie said. I sat there silently. "Just bring her back to me after school."
"Thanks Carrie, This is going to be so much fun." She finally spoke, there was excitement in her voice. It was Jo. Oh my god! Of all people she told Jo. My life as I knew it is officially over, Jo hates me and she is going to take full advantage of my predicament.
"Please don't leave me with her." I spoke timidly as I finally broke my silence. Slap! It caught me off guard, I wasn't expecting it at all. "I asked you not to say a word." Carrie said. I started crying through my blindfold, feeling completely and utterly defeated. I could not recover from this, Jo is never going to let this go. She is not going to be satisfied till she sees me suffer.
"I am going to leave now, I have to get back to my office. Have fun." She said as she walked away. With each step she took away from me I started losing hope. I hoped that she was joking and was not actually going to leave me with this bitch. But I was wrong. As her steps became fainter, Jo finally spoke addressing me directly. "I was always right about you, you are a lesbian whore. I mean just look at you, oh wait you can't." she grabbed the blindfold and ripped it away in one swift motion.
"Now look at yourself, here you are a teacher kneeling before me in the school parking naked and handcuffed. I could leave you as you are for someone to find and you can do nothing about it. You are completely and truly fucked dear." She said mocking me. I turned my head down and suffered through the degradation. That was all I could do, I was at the mercy of Jo, my rival.
"But don't worry I am not going to leave you here, what fun will that be? Stand up and spread your legs." She said and then started looking for something inside her purse.
I stood up awkwardly, and spread my legs as instructed. Jo pulled out something from her purse and held in tightly in her fist. She moved her free hand towards my pussy and started caressing my lips with her fingers. "Oo! Someone is very wet. What is it that is arousing you Eva? Is it the public nudity? Are you aroused by flashing your dirty pussy around the school? Or is it the humiliation? Are you excited by the humiliation and degradation you are suffering by my hands? Or is it the combination of both?" she asked as she continued to slowly rub my pussy with her hand. Her pace quickened as she put whatever she pulled from her purse into her pocket. With her now free hand she started pinching my nipples. I stayed quite the entire time too aroused to say anything.
Slap! "I asked you something whore." That's all she said. "It's a combination of both mistress." What?! Where did that come from, why did I just call this bitch mistress. Before I could make sense of what I was doing I started to feel the buildup. I was about to cum, any second I was going to explode.
"Good slut! Now cum for me, cum for your mistress." She whispered into my ear as she rubbed my pussy frantically. I exploded as soon as I heard those words from her. Orgasm washed over me as I stood there shaking. She finally stopped her efforts as she brought her fingers wet with pussy juice close to my mouth. I opened my mouth and licked her fingers with all I was worth.
"What is a good slut supposed to say after an orgasm?"
"Thank you, thank you mistress for making a slut like me cum." I said. I couldn't understand why I was behaving like this, why I was acting like a completely wanton slut in front of my rival.
"Good girl." I felt a sense of pride. She put a hand in her pocket and pulled out what she was hiding earlier. They were ben wa balls, the very same that I had in me a couple of days ago. She spread open my sensitive pussy with her fingers and inserted them into my pussy. Once inside me she slapped my pussy playfully and said, "Don't let them fall, that would be embarrassing for you."
She opened the trunk of her car, unlocked my handcuffs and handed me my clothes back. "Get dressed, we are going out. I can't take you out like this." she said as she crossed her arms and waited for me to dress up.
I put on the clothes quickly and followed her to her car. Once inside she asked me to wear seat belt and then drove out of school.
"That was so amazing back there, Eva. I always knew you were a slut and but never in my wildest dreams could I have imagined you like this." I stayed quite. There was a smug look on her face. I so wanted to punch that smug right off her face, but controlled myself.
We drove silently for a few minutes before a truck pulled beside us on the red light. "Eva, wouldn't it be fun if you flashed your tits to the gentleman in the truck." She said smirking. I looked at the truck driver and saw that he was staring right at my nipples that were poking through the top. He was middle aged man in his forties with a white beard and dirty teeth. He looked disgusting. The thought of flashing him my breasts seemed very disgusting to me.
"Please, No." I simply said and looked pleadingly into her eyes. I hoped her heart would melt and she would not force me to do this but I was wrong. "As a punishment for not following my instructions instantly, you are now going to flash him both your tits as well as your pussy. Don't make me repeat myself again." she said.
Dejectedly I grabbed the bottom of my top, and pulled it over my head. Truck driver's eyes widened as he stared right at my breasts. I felt dirty, but continued anyway as I grabbed my short skirt and pulled it down. "Stand up in your seat so he can see your whore pussy clearly." Jo instructed. From the current angle he could not see me below my waist, so I adjusted myself in such a way that the driver could now clearly see that I was naked. As soon as I flashed my entire body to the truck driver Jo accelerated the car and soon we left the truck behind.
I sat back, and silently put back my clothes. Jo was smirking the entire ride, and why wouldn't she? She was in total control of her biggest rival. After driving for another ten minutes we reached our destination. It was the west side mall, one of the busiest places in the city. As soon as I saw the building I panicked. There was a good chance that someone I knew, someone I taught would see me here.
Jo must have sensed my panic, "Don't worry, I am not going to drag you through the mall dressed like this." I felt a little relief but it was pre mature. "We have to make sure no one recognizes you as a teacher, so I am going to make a few changes to your outfit." I knew the kind of changes she was planning on making.
She pulled out two bands from her purse and tied my hair into pigtails. Satisfied with my hair, she pulled out a scissor next and used it to cut the neckline of my top deeper. I was showing a lot of cleavage now and combined with the translucent color of the top, I thought it looked very inappropriate.
"This looks better, but there is still something missing." She said while admiring her handy work. "Hm. I know, take off you top." We were in the parking, and there were cars all around us with no one in the immediate vicinity. So I complied quickly hoping this would end soon. She used the scissor to cut the bottom of my top by a good three inches before handing it back to me. I put it back on, the top that previously reached the top of my groin was now ending a couple of inches below my boobs exposing my entire midriff.
"This is perfect, you look like a complete high school slut." I used the mirror of the car to view my current state of undress and was shocked. I looked nothing like a teacher, but instead the high school slut Jo wanted me to be.
"Come on now, we got shopping to do." I followed Jo into the mall, still blushing from seeing my reflection in the mirror. We strolled through the mall as I walked timidly hoping no one recognized me.
I could feel the glances of people as I walked. There were looks of shock, lust and disapproval from those who saw me. A group of high school girls passed by me and I heard them laughing as they called me a slut. I turned beet red. I thought things couldn't get any worse but I was wrong.
Jo entered a shop that exclusively sold woman's clothing. The shop was empty except for the attendant, a girl who looked to be eighteen standing there looking bored. Her eyes lit up as soon as she saw me. Was she one of my students? I didn't recognize her, maybe she was pleased just to see a potential customer.
"Hey Jo... How are you? Who is your friend?" the girl asked. She knew JO!
"Hey Amy, This is Eva, she is the slut I have always told you about. The lesbian who lusts after everyone. See, doesn't she look like a complete slut."
"Woah! SHE is the teacher slut you told me about, I would never have guessed it. She looks quite young. You are right though, she does dress like a slut. I mean look at that skirt, why bother to wear one at all?" Amy said.
I silently suffered through her humiliating question. There was nothing I could say, but I did wonder who this girl was. She was surely in high school but was not one of my students and why was she friends with Jo?
"Yeah, Right! I have told her several times to dress more sensibly but I guess she just likes to flash her snatch. Anyways, she has agreed to buy some more sensible clothes and that is why we are here." She said as she chuckled.
Amy smiled too, was I missing some obvious joke here? That's the first time I looked around the store and realized why they were smiling. The store had clothes that a high school or college girl would wear, extremely provocative and slutty.
"Try whatever you like, there is an entire new range you would love very much down the aisle." She addressed me. Did she think I was doing this of my free will?
Jo grabbed my arm and pulled me to the aisle. She picked out a large number of items each more ridiculous than the other, I mean who wears shit like this. Once satisfied she handed them to me and said, "Try them on."
I started looking for the changing room but didn't find any. I turned towards Amy and asked her timidly, "Where is the changing room?" she smiled at me as if I had asked the most stupid question in the world. "We don't exactly have a changing room, it's more of a changing corner." With that she grabbed a curtain and pulled it. The curtain moved around to cover a corner of the store from its two open sides, it did offer a little amount of privacy but if wind flowed strongly enough the loose curtain would blow right away.
I looked at the 'changing corner' dumbfounded, she can't expect me to change in there. As if reading my thoughts she said, "You are more than welcome to change in the open if you would like."
Choosing the lesser of the two evils I decided the changing corner was a better option. I picked my first outfit and started moving towards the corner. "Wait, hand me your old clothes first. We don't want them mixing with the new ones do we." Amy said. She was toying with me, I looked towards Jo with pleading eyes but one look from her and I knew there was no other option.
I removed my top first and handed it to Jo, and followed by my skirt. Amy gasped when she saw my lack of undergarments and said, "What kind of a slut doesn't wear underwear with such a short skirt?" I turned redder and grabbed the outfit I had to try and entered the 'changing room'. It was a bright red boobtube with a very frilly white skirt. The outfit on the whole looked ridiculous, it was something you would see the cheapest slut wearing. The fact that I was going to wear this, without any underwear says volume about how I felt.
The outfit didn't take long to put on, there was so little of it. Once on, I looked at myself in the mirror. Big mistake, my erect nipples were clearly visible through the boobtube and the skirt was so short that if I moved even a little my vagina would become visible.
I left the changing corner feeling very self-conscious. Jo looked at me and there was the biggest smile on her face, while Amy just looked shocked.
"We'll take this one for sure, this is perfect." Jo said. I didn't even argue this time, I had given up. It was pretty evident that I had no say in what we were buying, so I decided to shut up. Next she handed me another dress, it was fairly conservative in comparison to the previous one.
I re-entered the changing corner and removed the previous dress, I was standing naked in the changing corner of a teen clothing shop. How fucked up was this. I glanced at my naked reflection in the mirror, I did look very young. The combination of my small boobs, flat tummy and baby face combined with the pigtails made me look like one of those fantasy school girls. I moved my fingers around my tummy and soon it wandered to my pussy. I was dripping wet. I could feel the juices running down my thigh. Leisurely I caressed my pussy lips, It felt so amazing. Just then I heard someone enter the store. Quickly I removed my hand from my pussy, and grabbed the dress and put it on.
The dress turned out to be more provocative than the previous one. It seemed conservative at first but had a diamond shaped hole on the front and the back, the hole went from the bottom of my boobs to the top of my pussy. If I had any pubes they would have been visible. The back was worse, it ran from the top of the back to well below my lower back. The top of my ass crack was visible, no matter what position I was in.
This was a party dress for sure, I just prayed that I didn't have to wear it in public any time soon. I left the changing corner, and saw that two girls both in their early twenties had entered the store. They were looking around the store but as I came out of the changing room all eyes were on me.
The two girls looked at me, then at each other and then started laughing. I heard them calling me cheap slut, as they walked out of the store. I was humiliated once again. This day keeps getting better and better.
"This is nice too, we'll take this as well." Jo said. I tried on a few more dresses but nothing that Jo liked. While I was trying the last dress, Amy pulled the curtain away exposing my naked body to anyone looking through the glass door of the store. Needless to say I was embarrassed a lot before the dressing session ended. Jo finally chose the two dresses I had tried earlier along with a lingerie set that was equally provocative.
I was wearing the lingerie set, while I was being billed in the store. Jo handed me back my clothes and asked me get dressed. Once I came out, the billing was complete and we started to leave the store.
"Looking forward to seeing you at the party, Eva." Amy said, I didn't understand. I looked at Jo for answers but she told me nothing. "We'll talk later." That's all she said.
Once out, Jo started walking briskly and I tried to follow her without flashing my bits. She stopped in front of a tattoo and piercing shop.
"Come-on lets go, slut." She started walking but I stood where I was. No way was I going in there. Jo looked at me with anger, "I am going to ask you one last time and if you decide not to come I am going leave you here and tell Carrie about it. She will send the pictures and videos to your girlfriend. Then you can say goodbye to your relationship as well as your job." She knew about the pictures too, Great.
"I can't." I said timidly. "I can't get a tattoo Jo, please understand." She looked sorry for me, I thought for a moment that she was going to let it go but instead she said, "You are not getting a tattoo Eva. Carrie asked me to get your nipples pierced. That's all that is going to happen I promise." There was genuine comfort in her voice. But I was still very uncertain.
"Look I know today has been tough for you Eva, but this is the last thing. You can get through this. I'll help you get through this, I promise." She said affectionately. There was sincerity in her voice. I believed her, I know it sounds like I was being naïve but I believed her.
I walked with her into the parlor, once inside Jo talked to the person there. The attendant was a very butch looking woman, with a large number of tattoos on her right arm and none on her left. She looked at me a couple of times while Jo talked to her.
Jo returned after talking to her and asked me to sit and wait. There were around five more women in there waiting. I looked nervously around the parlor wondering where the piercing would take place, there was no other room.
"It's going to be fine, Eva. I am here." Jo said while holding my hand gently. I looked towards her with a puzzling look.
"Why are you being nice to me all of a sudden, you hate me." I said coldly as I shook off her hand.
"I don't hate you Eva, I lov.." she said blushing. "I mean I admire you, you have the courage to come out while I am still stuck in the closet. "
What?! Jo was gay. I would never have guessed that. I looked at her in a whole new light. I know how hard it can be with disapproving parents, friends and the pressure you feel from not being yourself in front of everyone. It's exhausting.
"If you admire me, then why do you always speak shit about me to other people? And why have you made today so hard for me?" I asked still a little confused about her.
"It's just, I envy you sometimes. I envy how open you are with your sexuality, how comfortable you are with it. That's why I can't help but be a little hostile towards you, all this comes so naturally to you. While I can't even tell the woman I love that I love her." she said tearfully. I was feeling sad for her. I wrapped my arm around her and comforted her.
"It's ok, Jo. You are going to be ok. You are a beautiful woman, and any girl would be lucky to have you. Don't care about what others say." I assured her. All this time, I though she hated me, poor her.
"Hey, girlie you are up." The butch woman said pointing towards me. The parlor was still crowded with people, and I started wondering if she was going to do it right here in the open.
"Remove that top, and lie here." She said pointing towards the seat. I was right, but all of a sudden I felt shy. I can't be topless with all these people staring at me. I looked at Jo pleading, hoping she would help me out.
"It's going to be over soon, Eva. This is the last thing before Carrie deletes some of your photographs. You can do it, E." She said rubbing my back to calm me down.
I got up abruptly and walked straight to the seat. Wanting the ordeal to be over as soon as possible, I grabbed the bottom of my top and pulled it over my head. I threw my top towards Jo, she grabbed it and put it in her handbag.
As I lied down on the seat, I started to think was it going to hurt? Dumb question, of course it's going to hurt. I closed my eyes and waited for the pain to come. But instead I felt hands pinching my nipples, I opened my eyes immediately. It was the butch woman. "What are you doing?" I asked.
"Your nipples need to be completely hard for this." I was skeptical of her intentions but said nothing. "Don't worry girlie, you are not my type with those itty bitty titties of yours. Your girlfriend on the other hand, that is my type." She said loudly enough for everyone in the room to hear. I was humiliated yet again. I closed my eyes and let her fondle my nipples in front of all these women.
After about five minutes she stopped and immediately after that I felt a sharp sting on my left nipple, instinctively my hand moved toward my nipple. But the butch woman grabbed it. "NO" she simple said. But the pain was unimaginable. She gave me some time to recover, before she grabbed my hands and tied them around the chair. Why was she doing that? "These are so you don't touch your nipples." She said as if reading my mind.
There I was lying topless, with all these woman staring at my breasts. Despite the stinging pain, I felt aroused. My arousal was short lived as she pierced my second nipple, I screamed hard as she put the jewelry in my right nipple.
After some time as the pain subsided she opened my restraints, I got up and looked at my nipples in the mirror. Jo had chosen rings to be put as my nipple piercings. They looked quite slutty and I am sure no matter how thick of a bra I wore, they will always be visible.
Jo walked towards me and timidly touched the nipple rings with her fingers before flicking it playfully. She smile and said, "You look so hot in them, Eva." She grabbed my face and pulled me in for a deep kiss. I could not understand this woman. "Thanks, I guess." She gave me my top back, I put it on and left the parlor after paying for the piercings.
I noticed that the rings were clearly visible under my shear top. People stared more than before and I received a lot more lust filled looks. As we reached her car in the parking, Jo finally broke the silence.
"It's time for us to go back, Carrie will be waiting near your car. " She said with disappointment in her voice. I stayed quiet and sat beside her in the car as she started driving.
"What about that party Amy was talking about?" I asked remembering the cryptic way she talked about the party.
"Carrie will tell you about it after you meet." She said. We drove silently for the rest of the way and soon we reached the parking lot where my car was parked. Carrie was not there yet. I started to leave the car but Jo grabbed my hand.
"Eva, you know the woman I told you about, the one I love." I nodded dumbly not knowing where this was going. "It's YOU."
To be continued...