"Hi, honey!"
It's undeniably her. My gorgeous Rubenesque wife lays on her stomach across the bed - our bed - clearly nude. She looks directly into the camera, propped up on her arms with her curly copper hair cascading over her freckled shoulders, like a caramel waterfall, framing her magnificent breasts that rest, nipples barely hidden, against our duvet. Her narrow, pinched waist exaggerates the mounds of her luscious arse, and she kicks her feet in the air behind.
Her face seems innocent - a sweet baby face smattered with freckles. But look closer and you notice that mischievous twinkle in her emerald eyes. Today she sucks on a lollipop, teasing her tongue over it before drawing it back between her pouting ruby lips. The analogy is not subtle.
"I tried to be a good girl this time, I really did... but once you went way, I got so desperately horny... I need to confess that I've been naughty. So very, very naughty... I checked your browser history, and saw how much you love cuckold confession videos, so I thought I'd make one for you."
It had only been a few days. Here I am, stuck on the wrong side of the Atlantic, meeting boring people and having dull conversations, while she's having all the fun back at home. I'd been idly browsing the porn sites, doomscrolling my way through endless parades of photoshop-perfect flesh, until I saw her. My wife, lying naked on our bed. I feel a stab of betrayal, but my dick is instantly hard. Oh babe, what have you done now... I'd clicked the thumbnail of her, pressed play, equal parts nervous and excited.
"Let me tell you the story.
"So, Erica invited me out on Friday. Just a girl's night out, she said, but wear something nice. So, I put on that sparking green dress you like, and called an Uber."
Oh god, she'd worn the fuck-me dress. It clung to her ample curves, shaping her, and presenting her lush bounty. Underneath, she would have been completely naked. Partly because underwear would have ruined the lines of the dress, but mostly because the lingerie didn't exist that could contain her. With each boob practically larger than my head, she hadn't been able to buy bras off-the-shelf since before she left school, half a lifetime ago. Her everyday wear had all of the sexiness of the Forth Rail bridge, such was the extent of the scaffolding required. So, when she went out, she went without.
I realise I'm daydreaming and focus back on her words.
"...no idea how many shots later, and this big Black dude is grinding against my arse as we dance. He was seriously ripped, almost busting out of his shirt, and oh my god the package he was keeping in his jeans..."
It was always the Black guys. I'm under no illusions, I know I don't measure up to her desires in that department. And those guys have a fascination for her. She has the body shape, the booty, that they crave. We often joke she was born with the wrong skin colour. Jessica Rabbit meets Beyoncé meets Kim Kardashian. What a woman. Every day I thank God, fate, and the stars that we were born living next door to each other in an era where kids were left to make their own entertainment, roaming the countryside carefree to find their own fun and stave off boredom in their own way.
And boy, had we entertained each other. We grew up together, best friends since we could both talk, absolutely inseparable. We took each other's virginity, tried everything in every way. That we would be married was inevitable, even before she developed into the sex bombshell she's become. But I knew I wasn't enough for her in the bedroom department. We have a lot of fun, but I can't keep up with her energy or match up to her needs. So, we have an arrangement; as long as we are honest, we are open. And we tell each other about it. But this was the first time she'd recorded her confession, uploaded it for the world to hear, showing off her voluptuous body as she did so.
I loosen my trousers, hand falling into my lap, as I listen to the rest of the story.
"...had me up against the wall in our hallway before the door had even closed, fingers buried in my dripping cunt as he kissed me. I wrapped my legs round his waist as he nibbled his way down my neck.
"'Bedroom?' he demanded.
"'Second door on the left,' I gasped, as his large hands cupped my arse and he carried me, face buried in my tits, towards our marital bed.
"He sat on the corner of the bed, my thighs still clamped around his waist, as he stroked the crease of my arse. He pulled at the zipper, and I spilled out of the dress into his waiting hands. He took the weight of my tit in his hand and drew the nipple to his lips."
She rolls the lollipop in her mouth as she speaks. I can see she's clenching and unclenching her thighs as she talks, gently rubbing herself off against the covers as she tells the tale. Her cheeks have started to flush as the excitement builds.
"He leant back on the bed, ordered me to dance for him. As I stood up, the dress slid to the floor so I'm standing there in the nude. He smiled at me and repeated his command. 'Dance.' So, I started to move, and he pushed his jeans over his hips and down his legs, started stroking himself as I bumped and grinded for him."
My hand does the same, as I listen to her dirty story. I imagine her sway, the scene perfectly realised in my mind. She's danced for me before, many times.
"But he wasn't staring at my tits, like you do. He only had eyes for my arse. So, I gave him more of a show, bending over, spreading my cheeks a little, did a bit of twerking. He seemed to like that, based on the rhythm of his hand over that horse cock of his. I was so excited I could feel the dampness on my thighs!
"Suddenly he grabbed my hips, pulled me towards the bed. He sat right on the edge, and pulled my arse back towards his face, pressing his cheeks into mine. I felt a long thick tongue scoop through my folds, heard him growl as he tasted me, felt his hand on my back as he bent me over. I grabbed my ankles as he feasted on my pussy, one hand stroking himself and the other mauling at my tits.
"He grabbed my hips again, lifting me off the floor as he lay back on the bed, sitting me on his face. His tongue plunged deep inside me, and I think I squealed. He ran his hands up my back, pulled at my shoulders, forcing my head down to his groin.
"'No way,' I thought. He was just too big; I could never get that monster down my throat. But I tried, wrapping my lips round the head, licking across him, tasting his muskiness. The best I could do was slide wet, pouted lips along his shaft, licking his balls as I played with him, wanking him off and rubbing my tits over him."
His loss, I think. She's an expert cocksucker. Back when we first started fucking, she'd drain my balls at least once a day, wanting her fix, proud of what she could do with her mouth. It had barely slowed down in the intervening dozen years or so. There were benefits of having a more modest package, after all.
"But it was what he did next that made me cum so fucking hard... Fuck, I'm so horny just thinking about it, I gotta touch myself..."
She rolls onto her back, her pendulous breasts rippling with the motion, then settling with much of their flesh clinging onto the side of her ribs. She brings her arms together, pushing her boobs back together, as she reaches between her legs; one hand splaying her lips while the other strokes between them and teases at her clit. She hangs her head over the end of the bed, eyes closed now as she concentrates. Not the first time I've seen her in this position, preparing to fill her mouth. But this time, she's still talking.
"He started making longer and longer licks, from my clit through my lips, and round. My pussy clenched as he flicked his tongue over my arsehole, and I heard him laugh in victory. A few more long licks later and I'm begging him to do it, squirming on his tongue. He grabbed my butt cheeks and pulled them apart, giving him easier access. I felt his tongue press against the bud of my arse, felt him flutter the end over me, and I whined like a little brat. Finally, gloriously, he corkscrewed that tongue of his into my arse, and I absolutely lost it, squirting all over his chest as my legs quivered uncontrollably, screaming the orgasm so loud I'm amazed you didn't hear it over there!"
I don't think she's had her arse eaten before. I've never done it to her - I just couldn't get my mind past the ick of it - and she'd never mentioned anyone else doing it. And she would have.
"God, it was the most amazing... I can't begin to describe it. As he probed me with that magic tongue of his, I reached between our bodies and played with myself, crushing his huge cock between my boobs. Between my fingers and his tongue, I came again, so fucking hard, and I wanted his cum all over my cheating tits. But the stubborn bastard still wouldn't release. He had some staying power.
"Eventually my trembling legs wouldn't hold my body anymore. He pushed me off him, dragged me to the corner of the bed and tucked your pillow underneath me, like this."
She repositions herself, arse and pussy pointing straight at the camera now, while she faces the other way. She has a large metal butt plug in her arse. She pulls my pillow down and tucks it under her stomach, then reaches out of shot and grabs a massive black dildo from the other side of the bed, starts stroking it over her pussy from behind.
"I'd made him promise, honey. Like I make them all promise. No fucking my pussy in our bed. That's reserved just for us, right? And he didn't, well not really, not for long anyway..."
She takes the black ribbed monster and feeds it into her hungry cunt. I can see the tip of it glistening with each back stroke, see the fabric of my pillow darken as it dampens. Soon enough she's taking the whole footlong monster, thick as my arm, deep into herself. She's moaning and whimpering as she talks, now.
"I think he just wanted to lube himself up for what happened next..."
My heart is hammering in my chest. All I can hear is the thump, thump, thump of its beats, alongside the pumping of my hand and the wet slapping sound of the dildo in her pussy on the video. I watch as she grabs at the splayed end of the butt plug, pulls it from her arse. It has a huge bulbous head and a thick shaft. Her anus refuses to close.
"Fuuuck....."
I watch, transfixed, as she draws the dildo out of her pussy, beads of her juices clinging to it, still connecting it to her, like spider's webs. Her rear hole is still open, pulsing in time with her pussy, and I realise she's coming again.
"I know you can't do this to me. And I'm sorry. But I love it so fucking much. And he can do it. God, can he fuck an arse..."
She feeds the tip of the dildo into her anus. I see the muscles of her thighs clench and stiffen as she invades herself. My mouth is dry, but my hand is wet, smeared with my precum. I won't last much longer.
When we were younger, I had a fascination with anal. It seemed like the ultimate taboo. It was just so incredibly erotic and arousing. I'd felt nervous about even asking her, until one time she fingered my backdoor while we fucked, and I asked her if she liked it. She bit her lip, admitted she played with herself like that sometimes. Claimed she could come just from playing with herself there if she was horny enough. I didn't believe her, until she showed me.
So, one night, we tried. We made out, played around a bit, she gave me a real sloppy BJ to prepare me, then rolled onto her tummy. I positioned myself behind her, pushed the head of my cock between her soft fleshy butt cheeks, and slid around trying to find her entrance. All the time, thoughts ran through my head... oh my god, we're actually going to do this, you're going to fuck her in the arse, oh my god this is the hottest thing ever...
I found the right spot, and I pushed. There was resistance, but she encouraged me to keep going, squirming against me to try and help me find the right angle. Then she pushed back just as I pushed forward, and the head of my cock sank into her forbidden entrance.
I'll never forget that feeling. So incredibly hot - not just erotic, but actually thermally hot. And so very tight. And those voices in my head... oh fucking hell you're in her ass oh my god you fucking pervert... and she was swearing, begging, and squirming... and it was just too much. Before we'd really got started, I was dumping my load just inside her rectum, only the head of my cock in her, sphincter clamped just behind my tip.
I joked - you're just too fucking sexy, babe. She smiled; said we'd try again another time. And the least said about that next occasion, the better. I came all over her butt cheeks, before even getting close to being inside her. We never tried again. But to be fair, there were so many other things to try. And I've taken her often enough while she had toys up her arse.
"Aaaarghh..... fuuuuckkk.... this feels so good... just like when he was railing my butt...
"He was a machine... driving himself so deep inside me, it felt like he was tearing me open, but it was so amazing. Each thrust shoved me into the pillow, rubbing my clit over the fabric, over and over...
"I must have screamed at him, begged him to dump his load deep in my guts, because then he really started hammering at my behind, grabbing my hips and pulling me back against him with each thrust. I heard his breathing getting ragged and he lost his rhythm... That's when I feel his cock twitch as he pumped his spunk right up my dirty cheating shithole..."
Meanwhile she's quivering and shaking, soaking my pillow, as she slams the dildo hard into her arse. I watch as her body rocks, back jerking, as she succumbs to the ultimate pleasure, my balls emptying into my hand in sympathy.
Slowly her hand collapses away, and her quivering sphincter slowly ejects the monstrous toy. Her butthole gapes, twitching, as her pussy leaks all over the corner of the bed. Slowly she rolls over, turns to face the camera, cheeks flushed and chest heaving as she struggles to catch her breath.
"He said... next time... he wants to film it..."
I don't know what to think about that. Another taboo, another Rubicon to cross. That's way over any line we've discussed before.
"He said... he has a friend... who could help out..."
Help? With what - the filming? Or with the fucking?
"They could keep me going all night between them, one after the other. Or together. Oh, please honey. Please let me show the world what I can do."
She leans forwards towards the camera, her heavy tits swinging. Fuck, she knows I'd do anything for her.
"Love you."
That's where the recording ends.
I can't even catch my breath.
The worst part is, I've got three days left at this fucking conference.
THE END