As the plane approached the landing in St. Maartin, I clenched the armrests tightly. I never did like to fly and these little "puddle jumpers" they have for commutes to the smaller islands don't handle turbulence particularly well. That was the price of vacationing in the Caribbean, I told myself. I closed my eyes and remembered why I was here.
I had just finished graduate school, having handed in my thesis the previous week. After ten consecutive years of college (including undergraduate) I was more than a little burned out. Good thing my new job didn't start until the beginning of the year. I had a couple of months to relax and recharge before I would be responsible to anyone. So I did what I had been fantasizing about for years - take a relaxing vacation on a remote Caribbean island.
I checked the weather - it was hurricane season after all - and booked a room at the cheapest hotel I could find on St. Barts. I had heard that this was the place celebrities liked to relax at during the winter months. Of course, I'd need to be a millionaire to afford to go then, and I didn't want to deal with the Christmas crowds anyway. It also sounded like the perfect getaway for rest and relaxation, as the island is known for its laid-back atmosphere. Heading down in September, the "dry season" for tourism, was the best time to get a deal and, when I booked the flight, I knew I'd never have a better opportunity. So there I was clinging to my seat, thinking positive thoughts, hoping that the flight would come to a safe end.
I opened my eyes after I heard the screech of the landing gear touching down and took a peek out the window. The water was crystal blue and it was right next to the runway. I thought, 'They don't give these pilots much room for error!'
After passing through customs without problem, I headed for the boat dock. I had just enough time to make the last ferry ride of the day to St. Barts. The warm, humid air was a welcome change from the hot, dry air back home. I felt myself relaxing already.
The boat ride was fast and smooth. I watched the sailboats as the sun began to dip below the horizon, the clouds providing an amazing contrast to the glow of the sun's last rays.
When I arrived at my hotel room in Gustavia, I passed out almost instantly. I had a big smile on my face.
The next morning, I awoke completely refreshed and relaxed. I stuffed a few things into my backpack, grabbed a bite to eat and walked down to the bike rental shop. Renting a bike for the day was another great way to enjoy my vacation, while still keeping to my budget.
St. Barts is not a particularly large island, but the hilly countryside combined with the humidity and heat - even at mid-morning - had me in a sweat in no time. I saw the sign for Gouverneur beach and followed the road, figuring my short ride had earned me a break. I was on vacation, after all.
I coasted the last stretch down to the beach - letting gravity do the work was always one of my favorite parts of riding a bike. At the end of the road, I found a place to park my bike, set down my backpack, took off my shirt and looked out at the nearly empty beach before me. I could see one woman a ways down the beach and that was it. I grabbed a towel out of my backpack and cursed to myself. I forgot my sunscreen. 'Ah, well, I won't be here long,' I thought. I put my shirt and shoes in my backpack and headed down the beach.
I noticed the woman sitting on the beach was wearing a straw hat and sunglasses. Then I realized she wasn't wearing anything else! Not only was she naked, she was beautiful - one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen! I slowed my walk to take in her beauty. She was talking on her cell phone, so she didn't notice my gaze. As I walked in her direction, she hung up the phone, took off her sunglasses and looked around in her bag for a few moments before pulling out a bottle of suntan lotion. That's when she turned around and saw me. I froze. Not just because I was caught staring, but because I realized who she was -- Heidi Klum, completely naked, maybe twenty feet away from me!
She smiled at me and it felt like my heart stopped. My mind was racing. Who would have thought that I would see her here? When she returned her attention to the suntan lotion, I reminded myself to breathe and walked up to her.
"Hey - you're Heidi Klum," I blurted out, followed by a mental "D'oh". 'That's not the way to make a first impression,' I thought.
"Ja," she replied with slight Germanic accent as she took off her straw hat. She looked back at me, twirling her hair in the process, and caught me staring at her breasts.
"It's just that I, uh, I didn't expect to see anyone famous." I was flustered. There was a naked supermodel only a few feet away from me. I reminded myself to look only at her face. It wouldn't slow my heartbeat any, but at least it might keep me out of trouble.
She could sense my nervousness. She was about to say something, but I preempted her. "Look, I'm sorry to intrude. I'm sure you'd rather be left alone and..."
"No, wait," she stopped me. "You don't have to leave."
"Well, uh, I, uh, forgot my sunscreen and, uh, I wasn't planning on staying long anyway." (What was I thinking? Was I really trying to back out of an opportunity to spend time with a naked supermodel?)
She picked up her bottle of sunscreen and showed it to me. "I've got some right here. We could do a quid pro quo thing."
"Quid pro quo?" I asked sheepishly.
"You know, you rub some on me, I rub some on you..."
I couldn't believe my ears.
"...but..." she paused for dramatic effect. She had a devilish grin on her face. I knew this was sounding to good to be true. There had to be some catch. "...you have to be naked, too."
That did it. My heart was on the verge of breaking some kind of speed record already and that statement pushed it over the edge.
"Uh, naked?" I stammered, trying to keep breathing.
"Of course. Why should you get to have all the fun?"
"Uh, well..." I took a couple of deep breaths and glanced around the beach to make sure no one else was around. The beach was empty except for us. I paused.
"Come on!" she prodded. "It's not that hard!"
I ignored the possible double-entendre and thought, 'You only live once', and pulled down my shorts. Since I don't normally wear underwear that was it. I was naked.
"Ooh la la," she cooed. I looked down and, sure enough, the anxiety wasn't doing me any favors. Reflexively, I put my hands in front to cover up. "Hey, why are you covering up? Are you embarrassed?" she asked, adding, "I think it's cute."
"You do?" I asked sheepishly. She laughed.
"You guys... always worried that it's too small. Trust me - it's not that big a deal to us, as long as you can get it to work when you need to."
"Well, uh, I..." I stammered. Where was this going? Besides, I wasn't small, I was just nervous.
"Now get over here and start putting the lotion on me," she commanded as she handed me the bottle. She quickly flipped over onto her stomach, presenting her lovely backside. I gazed down the length of her body to soak in the view. I must have been gazing for too long, as she interrupted again. "Come on. I'm not going to bite."
I nervously popped open the top and poured a liberal amount into my hand and knelt down beside her. I began to rub the lotion into her back, starting at the shoulders and then working my way down. My hands moved slowly but methodically across her back, making sure I covered every square inch. I couldn't believe how soft and smooth her skin was. My fingertips brushed the sides of her breasts as they bulged out from her torso and I could feel myself relaxing with each stroke across her body. Her body was perfectly relaxed, despite the fact that she was naked on a public beach receiving a massage from an equally naked stranger. Her state of relaxation was putting me at ease. My mind was lost in the task at hand and, soon enough, the nervousness I started out with vanished.
As I reached the small of her back, she turned her head towards me with a look of bliss on her face.
"That feels so good! Are you a masseuse?" Heidi asked.
"Nope."
"You're better than the guy at the spa I go to back home."
I smiled at her compliment and poured more lotion onto my hand. She closed her eyes, but kept the smile on her face. I continued by applying the lotion down her legs. Now that I had a vote of confidence, I made sure it felt more like a massage than a simple application of sunscreen. I sat up as I finished her legs and paused to admire my work - and her body.
"Aren't you forgetting something?" Her eyes were open again and shooting me a devilish look. She wiggled her butt.
"You want me to...?" I trailed off, waiting for affirmation that she really did want me to touch her butt.
"Don't be so shy. It's not going to hurt you." I noticed a seductive tone in her voice.
"Yeah, but - I mean - you don't even know my name yet," I replied. "How do you know I can be trusted?" My heartbeat started to pick up again. I was surprised at how fast things were moving.
She turned on to her side and looked at me. Her right boob rested delightfully against her arm. "If you were going to try something you would have done it already. Plus, you've been doing a wonderful job so far," Heidi said with a breathy emphasis on "wonderful". She gave a puppy dog look and asked, "You wouldn't want me to burn my butt, would you?"
I couldn't argue with that. I picked up the lotion and moved in while she rolled back onto her stomach. As my hand patted down the lotion onto her butt cheek, she stopped me. "You know, you would get a better angle if you straddled me."
I positioned myself on my knees with her legs between mine, and started over. As I began rubbing the lotion in, I got the first good look of her slit. Her lips were swollen and red. She was getting turned on! Having previously been relaxed, my heart was fluttering again but, this time, it was accompanied by a twitching in my cock. The previously shy appendage was for the first time aware of what was going on and began to spring to life. I was half hard by the time I finished with her butt and crawled off her.
She turned over, still with a smile on her face. "Do you want me to do the front, too?" I asked.
"Mmmm. Yes, please," she responded. I never knew a Germanic accent could be so sexy.
I admired the full view of her ample 36C chest complete with erect nipples, the way her narrow waist flared out to full, womanly hips, the narrow "landing strip" patch of pubic hair, the legs that never seemed to end. That did it. I was full on hard now.
I grabbed the bottle of lotion and straddled her legs once again. As I did so, she noticed my state of arousal. "Hey look, it really does work!" she exclaimed, jokingly.
"Well, what did you expect?" I responded, my tongue no longer tied.
"Exactly that," she said plainly. She paused, and then added, "Actually, I was beginning to worry. I didn't want you to do this if you weren't going to enjoy it. Obviously, you're enjoying it." She laughed.
I motioned to her pert nipples. "Looks like you are, too."
She joyously exclaimed, "Of course! Being naked on the beach getting a massage is always enjoyable. And you are doing a great job!"
"Thanks. And I couldn't agree more - about being naked on the beach. It's a shame this is only my first time."
"Really?"
"Yeah, well, there aren't a lot of beaches in Colorado and getting naked there usually gets you arrested. I'm surprised they allow it here - I thought they said nudity wasn't allowed."
"Who said that?"
"The government - at least according to some travel guides."
"Oh, I think they just say that. I've never had anyone tell me to cover up - at least not on this beach. No one seems to make a big deal about it. The beaches by the airport - there full nudity is kind of a no-no - but here you're free to just come as you are. That's why I come here. You can be as naked as you want to be!"
I applied the suntan lotion to her abdomen as she continued, "So you're from Colorado? I love it there, too - in the winter. Great skiing! But, now is the time for lying on the beach!"
I smiled in response. 'It certainly is,' I thought to myself. She was grinning from ear to ear as my hands worked up to her breasts. The soft mounds contrasted with the hardness of her nipples. Sensing her enjoyment, I felt an urge to be a little more daring, something that wasn't like me. I gave one of her nipples a playful pinch.
"Watch it mister," she said. "Turnabout is fair play."
"In that case..." I said as I bent down and gave the other nipple a kiss. At that moment, my hard-on grazed the inside of her thigh. A jolt of pleasure passed through me.
"Ooh, you are naughty!"
"I have my moments," I replied as I got up and off of her. "Unfortunately, I have finished with the massage, so those moments will have to wait."
"Aww, really? Damn. I was enjoying that." She sat up and reached for the lotion, before continuing, "I guess it's my turn to repay the favor."
I spread out my towel, wondering how I was going to lie on my stomach in the condition I was in. I had nothing to be ashamed of now in terms of my size. As she stood up, I noticed a patch of moisture on her towel directly beneath where she sat. It only turned me on more.
"Uh, I think you better start on my front," I said as I sat down. I saw her eyes widen as she stole a glance at my throbbing member.
"Then I'll have to be careful not to poke my eye out with that thing," she joked. "Now lie down."
She caught me again in a stare. The movement of her hips, her boobs, her smile - it was all captivating. But, I did as I was told. She knelt down by my feet and began rubbing the lotion on my legs in a delicate, yet deliberate manner. It felt great.
"So, what is your name?" she asked.
"Uh..." I paused. The sight of her boobs swaying underneath her as she massaged my legs overloaded my mind. Somehow I managed get out "Curtis", without sounding too much like a nervous teenager. She stopped the massage and extended out her hand for a handshake.
"Hi Curtis. I am Heidi Klum." I shook her hand. "And these are Hans and Franz." She pointed to her breasts.
"Nice to meet you - all of you," I responded.
She laughed. "They're always competing for attention," she said as she returned to massaging my legs. "Hans is the real troublemaker. He's always peeking out at the wrong time during photoshoots."
"They are very good at making themselves noticeable," I agreed.
She laughed. I was beginning to sense that she laughed a lot. "They definitely have your attention," she said looking into my eyes. She had a mischievous smile on her face. Before I could respond she added, "It's OK. If I didn't want you to look at them, I wouldn't be out here naked. It makes me feel sexy to catch guys looking."
"And I thought you would be tired of guys leering at you."
"Checking me out and leering at me are two different things. One reminds you that you're attractive, the other makes you think the guy is a pervert, which is definitely a turn-off."
"You're not told how sexy and attractive you are a thousand times a day?"
"I am," she laughed, "but often it's from phony fashion industry moguls who want you to work for them or the assistants who kiss-up to you to try to move up the ladder. They think flattery will get you everywhere."
"Doesn't it?" I asked.
"Not necessarily. You have to have real substance behind it. Otherwise, I'm numb to it. If I wasn't, my head would have exploded a long time ago."
"So if I said you were the sexiest woman I've ever seen right now it wouldn't do me any good?"
"It wouldn't hurt." She laughed again. "But how would I know you're being sincere? You could just be some adoring fan who's not thinking straight or some guy just looking to score so you can tell your friends about it."
By this time, she was done massaging my legs and beginning to work on my stomach.
"I am an adoring fan. And I'm convinced that you are a hundred times more beautiful in person than in any magazine. And I don't have any friends."
"Oh, you lie!" She playfully retorted. "But you're very sweet."
She paused from rubbing the lotion onto my stomach and looked down at my member, which had retreated to half-mast during our conversation. "I almost forgot to do this!" she gasped. "You wouldn't want that to get burned!"
She put a drop of lotion on the head and began working it down the shaft. I regained complete hardness almost instantly. "Ooh, ahh..." escaped my lips while I was trying to control myself. I hadn't had any sex in quite a while and I didn't know how long I could hold out. The way she worked her hand made it extra difficult. She obviously knew what she was doing. "Uh, careful," I managed to say in between ooh's and aahh's, "that hasn't been touched... oh... um... may erupt... uh... soon... ahh... oh... God..."
Each stroke of her hand sent pulses of pleasure throughout my body. I had never been this hard in my life. I had never been on a nude beach before. I had never been with a naked supermodel before. I had never been given a handjob in public before. It was all coming together to create one brilliant...
She stopped. "Phew," she sighed. She grabbed more lotion and returned to my chest as if none of that just happened. I, on the other hand, was breathing heavily on the verge of a sweat. My member was still throbbing. "That could have been a disaster." She sounded relieved. I wasn't. I was just about to inquire when Heidi glanced back over to my right and told me to roll over to my left. Naturally, I looked over to my right to see what she saw. A young mother and her two children were walking away from us on the far side of the beach. The daughter kept looking back at us while the mother urged her on. It didn't look like the mother had seen exactly what we were doing. If she did, she certainly wasn't running for the police. Except for the mother's bikini bottoms, they were all naked anyway, so it was a relief that at least they weren't a family of prudes. The close call temporarily put a hold on my libido, however, and I carefully rolled over on to my stomach as Heidi suggested. I guess I wasn't the only one who was worried about being arrested for having sex on the beach.
As I reflected on what could have happened, Heidi broke the ice, saying, "I guess we'll have to continue that later. But, I still owe you the rest of your massage."
She began rubbing the lotion on my back as she continued, "At least we're even in the teasing department."
Even?! I thought to myself. I was so close to cumming! Her skilled hands deftly worked my cock when all she got was a quick nipple pinch and a kiss. But, I wasn't going to argue with a naked supermodel giving me a massage.
She rested her butt on the back of my legs as she worked, apparently tired of squatting. The sensation of the skin-to-skin contact was enough to rejuvenate my libido as the motion of her soft hands brought me back to my previous state of relaxation. I slowly forgot about the family on the other side of the beach and returned to a state of relaxation by the time her hands drifted down to my legs. Only too quickly she stopped.
"All done," she said in a perky tone.
"No," I whined, playfully. "It can't end yet! That felt so good!"
"Then we're even."
She sat down on her towel next to me as I sluggishly sat myself up.
"Let's do that again," I suggested, although it came out sounding more like I was an excited kid who couldn't wait to open his Christmas presents. "I'll put more lotion on you..."
"Careful there, mister. We almost crossed a line earlier and I don't think I could hold out if we did that again. But, don't worry - in a few hours the lotion will wear off." She gave me a sexy look before continuing, "Right now I just want to enjoy the sun on my body! Just promise me no funny business if I fall asleep."
"I promise," I said sheepishly.
She lay down with her breasts pointed towards the sun, her nipples hard and reaching for the sky. I looked around and that family was still there, within viewing range on the far side of the beach, only this time the father was with them. Turning back to Heidi, I noticed a look of total relaxation on her face. With her eyes closed, I took another long look at her body before I, too, laid back and fell asleep. My cock was rock hard, also reaching for the sky.
I woke up some time later with Heidi Klum kneeling by my head, leaning over me, her boobs dangling over my face. "Yoo hoo! Wake up!" she repeated a few times. She was still naked. I was still naked -- just like before I fell asleep, but yet I struggled to believe it was more than a dream. "You don't want to burn," she stated. I looked into her eyes and smiled. She smiled back, then she playfully poked my stomach. I figured it must be real. "C'mon. Let's go back to my place," she offered as she extended out her hand to help me up. "Are you hungry?"
Come to think of it, I was hungry. Judging by the angle of the sun, it was well past noon and my stomach growled. "Mmmm-hmmm," I mumbled in response as I sat up.
She tossed me my shorts and pulled some clothes out of her bag. "Put those on," she said as she tied a semi-sheer wrap around her waist. "It's a short hike, but the bushes along the path are scratchy."
She then put on her tank top, which was also semi-sheer. In the right light, her nipples and pubic hair were visible. Even though I had just seen her naked, that thought excited me. She tossed the rest of her things in her bag as I put on my shorts. I grabbed my t-shirt out of my backpack and put it on. It didn't take me long to wish I could be naked again.
"Follow me," she said, leading the way to a narrow footpath at the end of the beach.
'As you wish,' I thought, pleased that I would be able to watch her butt with her in the lead. Even out in nature she had that supermodel walk. I got the feeling, though, that she was putting a little extra wiggle into her butt, just to tease me.
The hike was short, as she said, but steep in places, climbing the ridge that provided the western boundary to the beach. Nothing a native of Colorado couldn't handle, though. At the top was a stunning villa with a 270-degree view of the surroundings. The entire backside of the main residence was floor-to-ceiling windows with a grand patio area, complete with retractable shade, lounge chairs, and an outdoor shower. It was amazing. I let out an involuntary "Wow!" as we approached.
Heidi responded with some background information as she opened the door and let us in. "Gisele and I went in together on this place a few years ago. We saw it after a photoshoot we did for Victoria's Secret down here. We both just loved it so much we wanted to buy it for ourselves, but in the end we decided to share it since neither one of us would be around all that much to use it. Sometimes we'll let the other Angels have it for a weekend or something. We call it 'Heaven', you know, because we're Angels. 'Heaven on St. Barts'."
The inside of the place was decorated like a Victoria's Secret store. There was lots of black and white and pink, with full sized posters of all the Victoria's Secret Angels, which looked like they came straight out of a Victoria's Secret store. Various Victoria's Secret catalogues and fashion magazines littered the coffee table.
I slowly took a look around the main room (lots of eye candy on the walls to look at) and by the time I made a full revolution, Heidi was naked, what little clothing she had on tossed on the sofa with her bag. I set down my backpack there too.
"I'll give you the full tour later," she said. "Let's wash off this lotion and sand first."
She grabbed my arm and led me to the outdoor shower. I stared out at the ocean and the many enclaves of sailboats that surrounded the island. The view was amazing. She turned on the water, and looked back at me.
"Aren't you going to wash off?" she asked, noticing that I still had my clothes on.
"Yeah."
"Then get naked!" she encouraged. She paused before continuing, "I just love showering out here - being naked in front of the world. I always wonder if someone on one of those sailboats down there has a pair of binoculars and is looking up this way."
I stripped off my clothes as I pondered that thought. My hard-on was returning.
She grabbed my shoulders and pulled me into the water with her. She took the soap that had been lying on the table nearby, got behind me and began lathering up my back. As her soft hands massaged by butt, I realized that this felt even better than the massage on the beach.
"Unlike the beach," she spoke in a sultry voice, "we can get away with a lot more up here."
She then reached around and grabbed my hard-on, repeating her masterful strokes from before. The thought of being naked with Heidi Klum, the feeling of her delicate fingers and the frustrations from our earlier interruption had me to the edge of orgasm in no time. As she described, it felt like I was naked in front of the world. And, for the first time, I truly didn't care. It felt so wonderful. Liberating.
I let out a groan as the first spurts of cum squirted out on to her deck. Spasm after spasm followed, each spurt traveling farther than the last. My legs buckled from the pleasure. She never let go until the last drips of cum were milked out of me.
"Woo!" she cheered. "Super!"
"Oh, God!" was all I could say. I was breathing heavy and my legs were weak. It was the most powerful orgasm of my life.
I turned to face her. Her eyes traveled up to mine from my now semi-hard cock. I pulled her in close and kissed her passionately. Our hands made their way to each other's butts, grabbing and fondling, while the water splashed down on our heads.
After the kiss broke, I spun her around, grabbed the soap and began lathering up her breasts. As my hands massaged her breasts and my fingers played with her nipples, she let out a series of "ooh"s and "ahh"s. One of my hands worked its way down to her pussy, while the other stayed on her breasts. "Oh yes!" she exclaimed. She brought her hand down on mine and guided my motions as I pleasured her clit. My other hand began to wander over her abs and thighs and ass. In response, she pulled her hands back to her breasts to keep them from feeling neglected. It was like a team effort. I worked her lower end while she worked the top. It wasn't long before her body began to convulse and she squealed, "Oh, yes! Yes! YESSSSSSSSS!" Her knees buckled, same as mine. She turned around to face me again as her orgasm subsided. A look of bliss came over her face and she grinned from ear to ear. I'll never forget that image. We kissed again, though not as long as earlier. Our hands eventually slowed and we just held each other close, the water still dripping down on our heads.
She broke the ice first. "Wow, that was great!"
I was speechless. "Great" seemed like the understatement of the year to me, but I couldn't think of anything better, so I just smiled.
I picked up the soap, which had been dropped during the frenzy, and lathered up her legs. As I moved upward from there, I gave a little kiss to each place my hands would wander to. She giggled as I rubbed and kissed her body all the way up, culminating in another kiss on her lips.
"Ooh, you are something!" she responded. Her hands grabbed my butt.
"I have my moments."
"I'll say!"
She took the soap from me and proceeded to wash off my previously neglected body parts.
When she finished, I said, "Then we're even," with a wink and a smile.
She turned off the water and wrung the excess water out of her hair. I noticed spots of my cum on the deck that the water couldn't reach to wash away.
"Oops, we forgot towels," she said. "But you don't really want one, do you? On a day like today it's better to just air dry, no?"
Just then a breeze kicked up. The cooling effect it brought felt amazing.
"Ooh. That feels good! See what I mean?" Her hands played with her boobs as she said it. I had to agree it felt great. As the breeze died back down, she switched gears from sultry to playful, and prodded, "Come on! Let's get something to eat. I'm starving!"
She pulled me inside with her before I had an opportunity to refuse. Not that I would have, mind you. She walked over to the intercom, pressed a button and spoke into it, "Marie, could you come in here, please?"
A female responded in a pleasant voice, "Oui, miss."
Heidi turned to me and said, "Marie and her husband help take care of the place when we're not here - and even when we are here. They live in the guest house."
Almost before Heidi finished her sentence, Marie opened the front door. She was clearly older than either me or Heidi, but she was no worse for wear. If I hadn't been standing right next to Heidi Klum, it'd be a lot easier to judge how beautiful she was. Despite her deep tan, she didn't show the effects of aging at all. Clad in a light sundress, she approached, her gaze initially focused on the furniture before she looked up at Heidi and then me. We were still somewhat wet from the shower, so it must have been obvious to Marie what we had been doing. That's when I remembered that I was still completely naked and out of habit moved to cover up, but Heidi stopped me.
"Relax," Heidi said, her hand on my arm. "She's like family. She's used to it."
"Oh yes monsieur," Marie said to me with a thick French accent. "You do not have to get dressed on my account."
I relaxed upon hearing that and Heidi introduced us. "Marie, this is Curtis. He's from Colorado. I met him on the beach this morning." Marie bowed to me as Heidi continued, "He gives great massages." I blushed as she said that. Marie smiled. "He is our special guest this weekend. Anything he wants, he gets."
I interrupted, "Oh, that's awful nice of you but completely unnecessary."
"Nonsense!" Heidi snapped, albeit playfully. "You're the guest. And you'll like our hospitality or else!" She reached out and pinched my butt. My reflexes weren't fast enough to stop it.
"OK, I give in!" I yelped.
Marie laughed, then said to me in a soft voice, "Anything you want. Really. It is no trouble."
I thanked her, then Heidi spoke up. "The first thing we want is lunch. Marie, do we have enough to make sandwiches?"
"Oui."
"Then let's get to it." Heidi followed Marie into the kitchen area, with a skip in her step.
"Uh, which way to the loo?" I asked, realizing I had to relieve myself before eating.
"You can use mine," Heidi responded. "In that room on the right." She pointed the way.
I followed her directions and, upon reaching my destination, I realized that the rooms had no doors - not even for the bathroom. Well, I thought, I guess if you're willing to walk around naked all the time, there's not much point to privacy. Initially, it made me nervous, but peeing in the semi-open just added to my sense of freedom, and I wondered why I had ever felt ashamed about it. A quote from "The Simpsons" entered into my mind - where Homer says, "I'm whizzin' with door open, and I love it!" - and I laughed to myself.
Upon finishing, I stepped back out into her bedroom and noticed the decorations. As in the main room of the villa, the walls were covered with gigantic black & white posters, but these were full nudes - all of Heidi. They were just like the posters at a Victoria's Secret store, only without the lingerie. The pure sex appeal she exuded in each picture, combined with the knowledge that she was naked in the other room, brought back my erection.
"Is everything OK in there? You didn't fall in?" Heidi chided from the kitchen, bringing me back to reality.
I headed for the kitchen, still erect, wondering how Marie would react. "Just admiring the artwork," I replied.
"I see that," Heidi laughed. Her wide eyes followed my erection as I sat down at the table. Marie had her back to me during my entrance, and I actually felt a little disappointed that she missed my little "show". I was beginning to like showing off.
Heidi and Marie had set up a deli platter in my absence. There was enough food for a feast. With Heidi bringing the last items to the table, Marie asked, "Will there be anything else?"
Heidi looked to me to answer. I said, "No," and Heidi added, "Thank you Marie!"
Marie waved to me before turning to leave. She said, "Bon appetit" before closing the door.
Heidi sat down across from me - her boobs responded with a delightful jiggle when her butt hit the seat - and we ate. I caught more glances of her boobs jiggling throughout the meal, but mostly we were more concerned about eating than eyeing each other.
Afterwards, I cleared the table, despite Heidi's insistence that I was her guest. With each trip from the table, I made sure to give my butt a nice wiggle in her direction. I was enjoying the feeling of freedom that came from flopping around in the open air. I guess that's why I didn't like to wear underwear.
Heidi gave a whistle of appreciation at my show. "Look at you," she cooed. "This morning you were so nervous, I thought you might pass out."
"What can I say? You're having an effect on me."
"For a first time nudist, you really know how to work it. I'm impressed!" she beamed.
"Just learning from the master," I replied.
"Me? I guess I have been at it my whole life," she sounded almost reflective. I noticed her hands moved up to cup her breasts. "My earliest memories were of camping on nude beaches in Italy with my family. My favorite thing to do was to run up and down the beach without anything on." She laughed. "That's an advantage to growing up in Germany - no one makes a stink about nudity. It was so natural and free. Even now I try to have one week a year where I can get away from it all and just be naked the whole time."
"I guess I picked the right week to go on vacation," I said. "And you're really winning me over on this whole nudity thing." I looked down at my own body and gave my pelvis a shake.
"I'll say," she said with a big grin on her face.
I had finished clearing the table and walked over to where she was seated. She stood up, looked deeply into my eyes and continued, "You know, I really appreciate what you did back on the beach. It was very sweet."
"The massage? It was nothing."
"No, I mean how you didn't take advantage of me and how you didn't run away either. I was sure you wanted to. So many men I've met thought I was some kind of prize for them - or they put me on this pedestal thinking I'm above them. I feel really lucky that you turned out to be a great guy."
I blushed. I reached out and put her hands in mine. "You're right. A part of me did want to run away - I'd never been in a situation like that before and it's a little intimidating being naked in front someone the first time - but I'm glad I stayed."
She smiled again. "I'm glad you stayed, too."
"You know, you're right about something else," I paused for dramatic effect. "I am a great guy!"
She playfully spanked me and threatened to do it again, but I jumped away, positioning myself on the far side of the table. Our standoff ended abruptly as she chased me around the table and the room before tackling me into the sofa, both of us laughing.
She pressed her chest into mine as she leaned in to bring her eyes up to mine. "You are going to get it," she said in her sexy voice. The intimacy of the moment - the closeness of our bodies, the look in her eyes, the smell of her hair and skin - brought my erection back. As it sprung to life, it rubbed against her, which she was quick to notice.
"Ooh, someone's happy!" She used her playful voice before switching back into sexy mode. "This is what I have been waiting for all day."
She used her hand to guide my cock into her pussy, which was soaking wet. She leaned up and rode me cowgirl style. She glided effortlessly on my rod, her hip movements and vaginal contractions every bit as masterful as her hands had been. I put my hands on her hips and she rubbed my chest. I let out a series of "unhh" and "ohh" noises as she belted out "yes, yes, yes". Waves of pleasure passed through me, but each time I neared orgasm she changed her tempo, delaying my release. As she neared her own climax, she brought one hand to her clit. Her other hand fondled her breasts. She was much quicker to orgasm this time than I was, which surprised me. On three separate occasions, her pussy clinched tight - I mean tighter than usual - she slowed her thrusts and let out a loud "Ohhhh, yesssss!" before continuing to ride me and finger her clit.
The third time was the charm for me. My cock erupted upon her third kegel clench, shooting what seemed like gallons of cum deep into her pussy. I cried, "Oh, God! Unnhhh!" As her pussy milked the last of my cum, she yelped a true cowgirl "Yahoooo!" before slowing her hips to a stop. Her wetness covered my crotch.
"I just love that!" she exclaimed. She remained upright with me still inside her. Her hands continued to fondle her boobs. "That was amazing!"
"Truly amazing," I concurred.
Just then her phone rang.
"Shit," she cursed under her breath. She rolled off of me, but slipped onto the floor in the process, landing with a clumsy thud. She laughed as she sat up and searched her bag for her cell phone. I noticed the flood of juices that covered my now limp cock.
"Hallo?" she said in her thickest German accent. "Oh, hi! How are you?" She turned to me and whispered, "It's my agent." She remained seated on the floor, Indian style, as she talked, and I noticed a puddle forming underneath her pussy from leftover juices that weren't coating my cock. Of course, I only heard half of the conversation. "Uh huh."..."No." ... "Really?" ... "When?" ... "Are you serious?" ... "Do I have to?" ... "OK, but this is going to mess up my vacation. You are going to owe me big!" ... [laugh] ... "No. It has to be something I want." ... "No. Look, I have company. We'll talk after I get there." ... "Uh huh. OK. Tschüss!"
She sighed as she hung up the phone. Then she cursed again under her breath, "Shit."
"What?" I asked as I sat up.
"I have to be in Milan on Monday. They rescheduled my shoot. That means I have to leave tomorrow. They threatened to pull my contract if I don't show up. Can you believe that?"
I shrugged.
"Damn, just when a girl gets a free week and starts having the best sex of her life!"
"Don't worry about it," I said. "I understand. I usually have that kind of luck - except for this weekend, that is." That seemed to put her at ease somewhat. "I have to leave on Monday anyway - it's not like we could keep this fantasy going forever."
"You're right."
"Besides, we still have a half a day, right?" I said seductively.
The smile returned to her face. She stood up, and managed to step right into her puddle.
"Oops," she laughed. "Someone's been naughty. Better clean this up before Marie sees it."
She grabbed her towel out of her bag and wiped up the floor as well as her legs and her foot. The wooden floor came out spotless. After she tossed her towel back on her bag, she noticed my cock.
"Speaking of naughty," she said, returning to sexy mode. She knelt down and began licking up the juices that covered my groin. She then sucked on my cock, pausing only to say, "Mmmmmm, this is the best dessert!" while licking her lips.
My cock had returned to full erection by the time she finished. It surprised me that I was ready to go again so quickly after the powerful orgasms I'd already had that day.
"That made me feel better," she said.
Without waiting for a response, she stood up, pulling me with her. "Come on, let's go to my bedroom," she urged. She led the way, and I followed. (What else was I going to do?)
"Sit," she commanded after we entered her room, pointing to her bed.
I did as told and she headed over to her dresser. She pulled a jar of chocolate body frosting out of the top drawer.
"I think it's time for your dessert," she cooed.
She jumped on the bed next to me, dipped her fingers in the chocolate and spread it over her nipples. I licked and sucked every molecule of chocolate off those nipples. She then smeared the chocolate around her belly button and I licked that clean. As she moved to put chocolate around her clit, I stopped her. Instead, I licked her fingers clean and said, "I need a proper taste test first," before I buried my head in her pussy. I tongued her clit and lapped at her pussy as she squirmed with delight and begged me to continue. The sweet aroma and taste that I was able to truly experience for the first time was driving me as wild as I was driving her. In no time, she squealed, "Ooooh, yessss!" and came hard.
She was breathing heavy as I leaned up and said, "Yep. Just as I thought. It's sweet enough without chocolate."
She beamed a big smile at me, then she rolled over on top of me and rode me again cowgirl style. I was rock hard and as horny as I can ever remember being. The whole day's events flashed through my mind as her moans and my grunts filled the air, culminating in powerful orgasms for both of us. My cock was completely spent as she rolled off of me. We cuddled together and drifted off to sleep.
I awoke some time later to the sound of thunder. It had started to rain outside. I looked over and noticed Heidi was gone. I got up and walked out to the main room where I saw her. She was seated out on the deck under the shade. I noticed most of the boats had gone, probably headed back to port due to the rain. Then I noticed Heidi. It looked like she was casually playing with herself as she watched the rain. I watched her for a few moments before heading to join her. A squeaky floorboard alerted her to my presence and she stopped.
"Come on out here," she urged. "The other chair's a little wet, but since you're still naked I don't think it will be a problem." (Another benefit of the nudist lifestyle I suppose.)
I pulled the chair over to hers and sat down, not minding that I got a little wet. There was slight breeze, which made it cool, but it felt wonderful.
"I hope you don't mind, but your clothes got wet. I hung them up in my bathroom to dry, but it might take a while," she said. I realized I had forgotten to bring them in after our shower.
"Ah, who needs clothes? I like this better anyway," I responded.
She laughed. "You really are a nudist."
"You're one to talk," I retorted. After a pause I declared, "The problem is I'm not going to want to put them on even when they are dry. The only item of clothing I want to wear from now on is my birthday suit."
She laughed again. "Well you'll need to wear something for dinner. I made a reservation at Maya's."
"Maya's?"
"You'll love it, trust me. They have a little bit of everything there. In fact, we should probably get ready soon. Where are you staying at?"
"The Sunset in Gustavia."
"Good. That's right on the way. Let me go get dressed, then we can stop off at your hotel room and you can pick up your clothes."
I agreed, and she went inside. I heard her ask Marie over the intercom if we could borrow the car. After a few moments I went inside myself to check on my clothes.
As I entered her room on the way to her bathroom, Heidi had just put on a barely-there g-string. It was black, but semi-sheer. She noticed me gawking and smiled. "Wait till you see my dress," she said. "Turn around."
Again I did as commanded. While I waited, I stared at one of her nude posters, which hung by the doorway to her bathroom.
"OK, you can look now," she said a few moments later.
My eyes widened when I saw it - a slinky black number that barely covered her boobs. Her hard nipples easily showed through the thin fabric. She did a twirl and revealed that it was backless, tied only at the neck, with just enough cloth to cover her butt. I think my jaw actually dropped. She got into a sexy pose, batted her eyes and asked, "You like?"
"Oh, I like!" I exclaimed. "Definitely like!"
She grabbed a pair of slinky 4-inch heels to match her dress, but didn't put them on until later.
"How are your clothes doing?" she asked.
We went to check on them, but I already knew I couldn't wear them. If she was going to wear such a sexy dress, I couldn't get by in an old t-shirt and shorts. Sure enough, they were soaking wet anyway.
"Aww," she commiserated. "Well, we'll pick up some new clothes at your hotel."
I didn't want to even wear them in the car, so I grabbed a towel and wrapped it around my waist.
"I like that idea," she responded. "But I might have trouble keeping my hands off you in the car."
"I'll take that chance," I smiled.
Heidi brushed her hair and a few more things women always do while getting ready to leave the house. In the meantime, I put my few things in my backpack while I tried to keep the towel from falling. It took her a lot less time to get ready than I imagined, so I really didn't wait very long.
The rain had ended by the time we left. Heidi picked up the car keys from Marie and explained my situation as I waited by the car in my towel. Marie waved and I smiled back.
The drive back to my hotel was quick - much faster than it would have been on a bike. I paused at that thought. I blurted out, "Damn."
"What?"
"I left my rental bike back at the beach."
She pulled in the parking lot to the hotel as this transpired.
"We can pick it up later." She put her hand on my shoulder. "It's not a problem."
Her habit of putting her hands on me while we talked made me forget about the bike. But, my next problem was making it to my room wearing only a towel. My whole day of nudity made me realize that it shouldn't be a big deal. Besides, it would probably look like I was just returning from the pool. It was a moot point as the hallway was empty and I laughed at myself for ever being nervous about it in the first place.
Heidi followed me into my room, where I immediately stripped off the towel and threw it at her. Her quick reflexes allowed her to catch it before it had the opportunity to mess up her hair.
I wiggled my hips and asked one last time, "Are you sure I can't go like this?"
She laughed. "I would love it, but I'm not sure the other patrons would."
I pulled out some dress slacks from my suitcase and what I always thought was my dressiest Hawaiian shirt and put them on. I did a little modeling show of my own as Heidi watched.
"Ooh, sexy!" she cheered.
I slipped on my sandals - it was either that or sneakers - and held out my arm.
"Shall we, my dear?" I asked in my most proper British voice.
She grabbed my arm and we walked out to the car side-by-side. With her heels on, she was slightly taller than me, but I didn't care. I felt like I was on top of the world.
The dinner was wonderful, if uneventful. It ended up feeling a lot like a first date, only without all the nerves. (What a far cry it was from that morning.) We talked about my new job and how she got into modeling. We both wondered why nudity was such a problem for Americans - my only answer was that was just the way it was. (Even to this day, I haven't heard a convincing argument for why nudity is bad.) We tasted each other's food - her salmon and my veal, which she invariably compared to Wienerschnitzel from her homeland. We watched the sunset from our table, which the restaurant provided a great view of. The departing rain clouds lit up beautifully in the waning sunlight.
Afterwards, neither one of us was ready to head back, so Heidi suggested a walk on the beach. We watched some of the boats come in and one of the big cruise ships as it passed by the island. Heidi kept her hand on my butt and mine on hers the whole time we walked. As we reached the far end of the beach, beyond the extent of the city lights, we noticed how bright the moon was. I could just make out the devilish look on her face.
"Today was the most fun I've had in a long time," she said in her sexy voice. "I've never been so horny." She paused before continuing, "I want to do something really naughty. Do you want to do something naughty with me?"
I didn't know what she had in mind, but I responded, "yes" without giving it much thought. She dropped her heels, which she was carrying while on the beach, untied the top of her dress, and peeled it and her underwear off in one fell swoop. There was just enough light for me to take in the silhouette of her flawless body. She then reached for my shirt and unbuttoned it. I undid the waist on my pants and she pulled them down, springing my rapidly growing cock free from its temporary constraints. It took mere seconds for us to be completely naked. All my inhibitions from that morning were long gone and I was thrilled to be without clothing once again.
"Race you to the water," she said darting off. It really was unfair to make it a race since I wasn't ready, plus she was already closer to the water when she said it.
I ran after her into the water where we splashed and played. I'm sure other people could hear our laughs and screams as we dunked each other underwater, although I doubted anyone could see us. I'm not sure I would have cared if they did. I was lost in the moment and overpowered by my own horniness. Soon, we calmed down and began fondling each other. I pulled her in close and we kissed deeply. Our tongues explored each other's mouths as her breasts pressed into my chest and my erection pressed into her lower abdomen. Our hands fondled as much of each other's bodies as they could.
We slowly worked our way into deeper water. When it got to be chest deep, she wrapped her legs around me and rode my eagerly awaiting cock. The sensation was incredible. It was another first for me - having sex in the ocean - that I was finally able to cross off my sexual to-do list. I couldn't think of a better time and place for it to happen.
Again the orgasms flowed between us. We kissed and fondled more as we came down from our natural highs. After a few more minutes of floating around and playing in the water, we decided to head back to shore. When we reached the waist-deep water, Heidi stopped.
"I have an idea," she said. "I know you don't want to put your clothes back on, and I've been enjoying myself so much today like this, I don't want to either. Let's drive back naked!"
That thought excited me. I knew there was a good chance we'd be seen walking along the lighted boardwalk back to the restaurant. Or in the parking lot. But I realized I didn't care. Besides, that would be part of the excitement.
Heidi interrupted my thought with a confident, "What are they going to do? Arrest us?"
That sealed it. "I'm game if you are," I replied.
We walked back to our clothes and scooped them up. I carried everything except her heels, which she twirled in her hands. The confident way she walked inspired me to do the same. We didn't slow down or speed up when we reached the lighted section of the beach. We just kept walking like we were when we were fully dressed. The beach itself was deserted, but as we neared the restaurant a few people on the patio saw us and whistled. Heidi waved back. I had thought we would just head straight back to the car, but she headed straight for the couple that whistled at us. As she reached their table, without a hint of shame or modesty, she said, "This feels amazing. You really oughtta try it."
I followed right behind her, saying, "Hi. How's it going?" as casually as I could.
The boyfriend just stared at the two of us, wide-eyed. His girlfriend glared at him.
After a short moment, Heidi grabbed my arm. "Well, we have to get going," she said and we headed for the car. After we made it around the corner of the building, Heidi burst out laughing, "I can't believe I just did that! That was great!"
I laughed myself. I never knew I had it in me. It was exhilarating.
We had calmed down by the time we reached the car, having not seen anyone else. Heidi opened the trunk and threw her heels in. She motioned to the clothes I was carrying. "Put them in here - just to make it more exciting." She smiled.
We got in the car and looked around to see if anyone else saw us. No one was around.
"Let's not head straight back," she said with the devilish look on her face. "Let's see how much fun we can have."
We drove around the island with the windows down and felt the breeze on our skin. She would occasionally play with my erection and I would fondle her boobs or play with her pussy. A couple of times it almost caused her to lose control of the car, but she was never driving so fast she couldn't regain control. It just made us laugh.
As we approached a big resort area in Lorient, Heidi pulled over.
"You drive," she said as she got out of the car. "Pick me up at the next block."
"Wait, what?" I asked as she darted off toward one of the hotels.
I moved over to the drivers seat and sat there a few moments, stunned. I saw her run out of the other side of the hotel complex, and I drove to pick her up. She waved me down as I got to the street corner (as if I would miss her) and she dashed across and into the passenger seat. She was wet, laughing and breathing heavy. Of course I took the opportunity to gaze at her heaving bosom.
"That was great!" she exclaimed as I drove off. She tried to catch her breath as she excitedly recalled her adventure. "I used to stay there so I know where the pool is and I know a bunch of people that work there. So I just ran in there, jumped in the pool, swam to the other side, jumped out and waved to the front office as I ran out. The people at the pool were laughing and clapping. It was fun! You should try it!"
I decided to go through with it at the next opportunity. I pulled down the next street that dead-ended at the beach. I knew this area since I had explored it that morning on my bike. I told Heidi to pick me up at the next street that ended on the beach, which was a few blocks away.
I took off down the beach, waving at diners and pool-goers at the places along the beach. There was enough light for them to see me. A few women cheered as I ran by and I heard a few whistles. I thought of my college days where I was too nerdy and too scared to do something this. I had laughed at my friends who had gone streaking, but now I understood what I had been missing. I had never felt so alive.
Heidi picked me up right on cue. She drove us back to her place while we shared our feelings of what had just transpired. Heidi also told me some stories of how she had surprised several ex-boyfriends and her ex-husband by showing up at their door wearing a raincoat and nothing else, how she had been to many nude beaches and gone skinny dipping, but she had never the thrill she just had running naked through a public place and having sex so close to where other people could see.
After we pulled into her driveway, we darted straight into the house, not bothering to get our clothes out of the trunk. We jumped straight into bed. We had sex a few more times that night until we were too exhausted to continue.
I awoke the next morning in an empty bed, naked and alone. My dick was sore. I went to relieve myself before going to look for her, but I saw a note on the table.
"Curtis,
I wish we could have had more time together. I didn't want to leave you like this but I had to catch my plane. You looked so peaceful sleeping there I didn't want to wake you. I wanted to thank you for the great sex and the fun time. I can't wait until I have the chance to be naked again, but I have at least 12 hours of travel first. :( I didn't wear any underwear just so I could feel naked under my clothes. :)
You're welcome to stay at my place until you have to head home. Marie will keep her eye on you if you misbehave, but I don't have to worry about that do I?
If you're ever going to be in St. Bart's again, let me know. Hopefully we can have a whole week next time.
Alles Liebe,
Heidi
XOXOXO"
After relieving myself, I crawled back to bed, still tired from the night before. I thought of what a wild day it had been. I thought of my clothes in the trunk of Marie's car. I thought of the bike I rented, still parked at Gouverneur Beach. I knew the guy at the bike shop would charge me a late fee for not returning it the day before.
'I wonder if he would believe my excuse,' I thought as I drifted back to sleep.