Derrick felt like he was floating. His initial plan was to finish off a couple of beers, have some Chinese takeout delivered to his hotel room, fall asleep, hop on a plane back home in the morning, and resume his life. His fiancé, April, had sent him a text while he was knuckle deep in the mystery woman's pussy back at the bar. He got some of her pussy juices on his phone's screen when he opened the text in the elevator on the way up to his room.
"Hi honey, love ya!" April's green conversation bubble read on his phone.
"Hope u do well at the presentation! Call me later. Kisses!" she texted.
April's sweetness even came through in her text messages. While he would not call her a prude, April was definitely conservative in the bedroom. Raised in a staunchly religious household, she stood by a couple of core principles that all "good women" followed, according to her, when it came to sex. The only acceptable sexual position was missionary. The man's penis only belonged in the vagina and ABSOLUTELY nowhere else. A shower must be taken immediately after intercourse.
Him and April would never find themselves in the situation Derrick was in now. Because as he opened April's text, the mystery woman had gotten on her knees and unzipped his pants. His gray slacks were aggressively pulled down to the elevator's floor. Once his pants were out of the way, his covered bulging cock was at the mystery's woman eye level. She rubbed his dick through his boxer's cotton fabric as it struggled to break free. Lucky for Derrick, she was considerate about his hard on. She was gentle when freeing him of his underwear, pulling ever so slightly on the sides until she managed to wiggle the boxers down and over his penis. Derrick shivered a little as the cool air in the elevator meet his heated dick.
Fuck. He should not have opened April's text. Now she is going to know he saw it and wonder why he didn't reply.
"It's going great" he managed to text April back as the mystery woman began to give Derrick's manhood angel kisses. He had a moment of realization that all of this was happening in the hotel's elevator and, although he did not notice one, there had to be a security camera somewhere in this space. The panic of his current circumstances quickly went away the moment the mystery woman placed his cock in her mouth.
Derrick's room was on the 10thfloor of the hotel and it was quickly approaching. The mystery woman did not appear to care that at any moment the elevator's door could open on one of the floors leading to Derrick's room. But Derrick did care. He had already gone too far considering this was a work trip and he had a fiancé at home. He accepted that some pimple faced teenaged security guard was probably jerking off to the security camera footage of this exchange. He could not risk his colleagues walking in on all of this, however. The other team members who were tasked with helping Derrick with his pitch were also staying on his floor. There were five people on Derrick's team and April was friends with the wives of two team members. If she found out about any of this, Derrick was sure April would leave him. Not to mention, someone from work finding out about him participating in two public, sexual acts with a woman who could or could not be a prostitute would probably be a career ender.
By the time the elevator reached the eighth floor, the mystery woman had been working his dick in her mouth nicely. She swirled her tongue around it like she was licking melted ice cream running down an ice cream cone on a summer's day. She had just deep throated Derrick and was gagging a little by the time the elevator was on the ninth floor. This had to stop before the elevator opened on his floor.
He gently but somewhat forcefully grabbed her hair while she was still kneeling.
"We're almost on my floor," he said gruffly as he pulled his pants and boxers up at the same time and attempted to quickly zip his pants.
She said nothing as she stood up. She stared straight at the metal elevator door, as she wiped off excess spit from the edges of her mouth with her wrist. A moment later, the door opened, and they were greeted by the 10thfloor's long hallway. With a sense of urgency, Derrick grabbed the mystery woman by the wrist and quickly made his way to his room. He had to get her out of sight before anyone could see them together. He could feel her scampering behind him, trying to keep up with his pace.
They reached his door and he opened it via his keycard. As soon as both were behind the closed door, the mystery woman pushed Derrick so that his back was firmly pressed against the inside of the hotel room's door. Just like that, she got both his boxers and his pants down again but only this time, there was time to get them out of the way so they would not trip over them. Without saying one word, she got back down on her knees and shoved his overly eager dick back in her warm, wet mouth.
Derrick decided to ignore the vibration of his phone which was still in his pants pocket. The pants were in a pile on the floor and he wasn't stopping the mystery woman even if it was a text from April.
"Oh well," he thought. He allowed the back of his head to rest on the hotel's door as his eyes rolled up. The mystery woman was talented with her mouth. Each time she took him in, she took all of him in. She widened her mouth so he could hit the back of her throat each time and enthusiastically sucked on his member even when her own spit was cascading out of her mouth and dripping down her chin while she gagged on his cock.
Derrick was still holding on the back of the mystery woman's head and forcing his dick deeper down her throat when he felt something touch his free hand. He opened his eyes and saw it was the mystery woman handing him his phone. She didn't even take the time to stop sucking and look up while she gave him his phone. He looked at the text and sure enough it was from April.
"LOL, silly! What do you mean it's going great? Didn't you do your work presentation earlier in the day?" The words of the text were followed by the laughing with tears emoticon. In typical April fashion, two more text followed since he had not responded to the first one in a reasonable amount of time. "What is taking you so long to respond" and "What's going on, Derrick? Why aren't you answering my text?" were April's next two text messages.
Of course, now April will really be upset as he had just opened two more text of hers and would not be answering them as well. All of this felt too good to stop. He tossed his phone back on his pile of clothes on the floor.
As soon as he could feel the beginning stages of him busting a load, he grabbed even more of the mystery woman's hair and savagely thrusted his dick in and out of her mouth. He would take out his entire length, which was glistening from the mystery woman's spit, and then ram his entire cock back in her mouth until he could feel his tip hit her throat. At this point, he did not care if he was causing her pain although it seemed like she was enjoying his roughness. While her face became strained each time her mouth was invaded, he could hear her moans through the slurping and choking.
When Derrick knew he was about to explode, he attempted to pull out of the mystery woman's mouth. He did not know how she felt about swallowing. But she resisted his pulls and continued deep throating his thick, long stick. He screamed as he shot his cum in her mouth. It seemed like he would never stop coming. The mystery woman sucked on him like her life depended on it. She guzzled his juices down with no problem. She stood up never breaking eye contact with him as she wiped the remaining jizz from her lips. Through his panting, he could see her face slightly dampened with precipitation. She also gleamed on the rest of her exposed skin, but she didn't look disgustingly sweaty. She just looked like she was in heat. The desire in her eyes was so intense, Derrick knew she was not finished.
Stay tuned for chapter three!