Copyright © 2012 Lux Zakari
This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writer's imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, and actual events, locales, or organizations is entirely coincidental.

I.

It was by accident. That's what she'll say, anyway.
Sam didn't mean to drink so much cranberry schnapps and end up dancing around her apartment in her underwear to Joan Jett that night. She also didn't mean to see the light on in the building next door, and she definitely didn't mean to notice The Boy.
She also didn't intend on buying a two hundred dollar pair of binoculars with high quality multicoated lenses, extra eye relief, and water resistance, either, but sometimes impulses make a person do strange things.
There was a time when Sam thought that she wasn't cut out to be a voyeur. She was curious at heart, sure, but she would always avert her eyes when strangers did anything even remotely worth paying attention to. She was scared to be caught watching, although if she was honest with herself, she couldn't explain why that was so frightening.
This time, though, she wasn't afraid of The Boy catching her, partly because she wanted him to and partly because it was then she realized she was so damn good at being inconspicuous.
It wasn't like The Boy was so interesting. He did nothing unusual, and she didn't even get a good glimpse of his face or his body, but the schnapps turned him fascinating. Of all the apartments in the building next to hers, his was the only one she could see into. His blurry form reclined lengthwise across the sofa in front of the TV. Everything was dark except for his window, reminding Sam of being at the aquarium, a place she'd always found intensely sensual with its shadowy corners and blue light.
The night crackled with a sudden sexual charge. She darted around her apartment, turning off all the lights. Then, giddy with anticipation, she returned to the wide window with the tied-back curtain. She pretended she was on a stage, like a red-lipped dancer wearing elbow-length gloves that she peeled off with her teeth. It was easy enough to imagine; she was about to give a never-before-seen performance.
Sam slipped her fingertips inside the cups of her bra, pinching her nipples erect. The straps slipped from her shoulders and her breasts spilled over the top of the bra, exposing her nipples to her unknowing audience of one. She palmed her breasts, wondering what would happen if The Boy happened to see her, touching herself so intimately in plain view. Would she stop? As she unhooked her clasp, letting the satiny fabric fall to the floor, and her hands moved lower, it didn't seem likely.
This was not the norm. She didn't do things like this. Her ex once asked for a striptease and she'd declined. She didn't think the prospect of being so vulnerable, of trying so hard to be sexy at the risk of being laughed at, was so erotic.
Somehow this was different. She felt powerful, not vulnerable. She was on display but was the only one who knew it. Therefore, she could do anything she wanted with no repercussions or risk of humiliation at all.
She smoothed her palms over her stomach and down her thighs, her breath quickening. For the first time, she felt like the sexiest woman in the world, and it was her little secret. One hand came to the edge of her panties at the inner crease of her right thigh. She cupped her breast again, scratching her fingernails over the nipple while tracing her slit through the crotch of her panties with her index finger, the feather-light touches making her head spin. That same finger sneaked inside her panties to meet the molten heat pooling there and her now swollen clit.
Sam let out a soft moan, partly for effect and to enhance the mood, but the sound of her own satisfaction was a turn-on. She inched her panties to mid-thigh, exposing her cunt to anyone who happened to notice, and experienced a jolt of fear at the wanton thrill of it. What was she doing? This was the behavior of perverts, the deranged. Still she leaned forward, bracing herself with one hand against the glass as she circled her clit with her fingertip, throwing in another moan, strictly for her benefit.
She moved her thumb to her clit and slipped two fingers inside her cunt. She teetered on the brink of coming while standing there, exposed to an oblivious stranger, after a lifetime of orgasming on her back with the help of a vibrator and her eyes squeezed shut. It was a whole new world, all right.
Sam looked to The Boy, still on his couch. He reached for what appeared to be a canister of nuts on the coffee table and gobbled a few handfuls, wiping his fingers on the cushion beneath him. He was so ordinary, minding his own, boring business. It intrigued her. She spread her legs as far as the panties still around her thighs would allow her and pumped her fingers deeper, faster. She imagined how different The Boy's evening—and hers—would be if she only turned on the light, if he only looked up. The possibilities were so exciting, it only took a few more moments before her cunt spasmed, and with a huge sigh, she kicked off her panties and dropped onto the couch, lusciously exhausted.
Sam was a good girl. She called her mom every other day. She wrote prompt thank-you notes. She had the same best friend, Lauren, since third grade. She never hit the snooze button. But that night, before she drifted off, she realized a person can do all those things and still act like a total whore—and that felt fantastic.

* * * *

It wasn't like Sam staked out in front of her window, staring at The Boy going about his business every night until he went to bed. Not at first, anyway. That came later.
In the beginning, she was simply curious. Stepping out of her life and into someone else's without actually being a part of it was nothing but fun. When she came home from her job, she'd stretch in front of her window and see him. Her guess was that he recently moved in, as she had never seen him before and unpacked boxes stacked on top of more unpacked boxes littered his apartment. When she got the binoculars, she saw that there were the wordsCrap I Don't Needwritten on the cardboard.
Occasionally he would leave, and she assumed that he was grabbing something to eat or meeting friends, so she'd make herself a sandwich or some noodles. When she would later wander back to the window, he would be doing push-ups, flipping through what looked like photo albums, or watching television. When she figured he'd be sitting tight for a while, she'd return to her own life and make phone calls and answer emails. Before she went to bed, she would check on him again, just to see what the person across the street in the next building was doing. Aside from the episode with the cranberry schnapps, it was all quite innocent.
Sam's life didn't screech to a halt or revolve around his schedule. She still went to work every day, checking facts on the stories at the local newspaper office. Sometimes she went to happy hour with her coworkers, and she'd twirl a straw in her Captain and Coke while her coworkers downed Irish car bombs and drunken middle-aged people danced to the live band. The weeks continued as usual—for a while at least.
Meanwhile, Sam's path continued to cross with The Boy's. She would just happen to glimpse him eating a bowl of cereal in front of the TV. (She later discovered that his preference was Lucky Charms.) She would just happen to see him doing a couple of sit-ups in the middle of his living room or hanging up posters in his bedroom. (A closer inspection revealed the posters were of Led Zeppelin's burning Hindenburg and the cover art from The Who'sWho's Nextalbum, and one was not a poster at all, but a tapestry of Jim Morrison.) It all just happened.
She liked the power she derived from observing what was so removed from her and yet so close. She could walk up to him and reveal herself, but she had the option of continuing to observe unnoticed. As the weeks drifted past, it was a strange thrill to be like his guardian angel, watching over him.
Sam likened it to TV. Some people watched certain programming, she watched The Boy in the building opposite her. Some people adjust their antennas for a clearer picture, she bought the binoculars. Some people lost themselves in front of their favorite show, she lost herself in The Boy, who became her favorite, period.

* * * *

Her tax return vanished with the purchase of a new digital camera, but every photo she took reminded Sam that it had been worth the splurge. Photography had become her new hobby. Every picture she took was art. The camera boasted an impressive 35x zoom lens, which resulted in pictures so crisp and clear that she could almost make out each individual hair on The Boy's arm.
He didn't know it, but he was her muse, even at his most mundane. She had shots of him yawning in his pajamas, pouring coffee on himself, hurling the controller across the room in a fit of anger when playing a video game, and making a disaster of his TV dinners.
There were some really beautiful pictures, too, like close-ups of him smiling or laughing, and the troubled expression on his face when he slept at night. Her favorite pictures were the ones of him breathing hot air on the cold windowpane and then drawing little cartoon faces.
God, she thought.What am I doing?

* * * *

Her best friend Lauren called, and Sam listened to her vent while drifting from room to room like she always did when on the phone. Lauren was getting married next year to a computer programmer, and it was such a pain in the ass trying to find an officiator for the wedding who would agree to leave out all the "God stuff."
"But enough about that," Lauren said with a sigh. "What about you?"
"I haven't found anyone to officiate my wedding either," Sam half-joked, although her heart hurt beneath her faded tee. By twenty-seven, she thought she'd be married by now. She wasn't anywhere close.
"No, sil." Lauren laughed, but Sam could hear the concern that always laced her friend's voice whenever the conversation turned to Sam's lack of a love life. "I meant what about you in general? What's new on the dude front?"
Sam debated what to say. She was sick of telling her non-single friends—who were becoming fewer and fewer—that as for her, there was nothing man-related to report on her end. Besides, that wasn't exactly true this time. Her thoughts turned to The Boy. He'd certainly become more than a one-night fascination. Still, it would do no good to tell even Lauren just how fascinated she was. Her interest could be construed as insanity, and Sam wasn't so sure there was a difference in her case.
"There is someone with potential," she said, wandering toward the window and peering at The Boy's apartment. "It's too soon to tell for sure though."
"Really?" There was a hint of relief in Lauren's voice. "Tell me all about him."
Sam smiled. Now that she could do.

* * * *

Although The Boy often talked on the phone and some nights he wasn't home, Sam assumed he didn't know too many people in the city, which to her was both sweet and disheartening.
However, one night when he walked through his door, he had a date with him. Sam dropped everything and ran to the window with her binoculars.
He helped his new friend take off her jacket, and Sam sneered at his date's tight jeans and cropped top. Surely The Boy could do better. His date looked around the apartment, picked up picture frames and put them back down, and ran her fingers over the furniture like a sergeant inspecting a soldier's quarters. Finally she sat on the couch like some sort of queen as he fetched them bottles of Yuengling then sat beside her. They sipped their drinks and their lips moved in silent conversation for a while until she went in for the kill, her mouth crashing against his like idle chit-chat failed to entertain.
Sam's manners and morals told her she shouldn't watch such a private act unfold, but she couldn't look away. She had to know what would happen next. She had to see it all the way through.
In a surprising turn of events, the girl shoved The Boy off of her, sending him face first into the carpet. Sam couldn't think of anything The Boy could've possibly said or done to upset his date, but the girl looked pretty pissed as she buttoned her shirt back up with great violence and left. It looked as though she wouldn't be back. How could she just walk away? How could any girl deny The Boy anything? Sam pictured herself in the girl's place just moment earlier, and her skin prickled. The things she would do to him...
Poor thing. The Boy looked so disappointed and lonely. Feeling an odd mix of pity and joy, Sam wanted to run across the street into his building and up to his apartment to console him but refrained, wanting to leave the likeliness of a restraining order out of the evening.
Her breathing paused as the Boy placed his hands on his knees and pushed himself off the couch with what looked like great effort. He shuffled to the door and checked the lock. What now? Off to bed? He regained his spot on the couch and dimmed the side table's lamp to what Sam had come to recognize as its lowest setting. Then he raised his pelvis, unzipped his jeans, and pushed them down his hips.
A stunned gurgle sounded in Sam's throat as she watched The Boy take his half-erect cock in hand and moved up and down the shaft. Her mouth went dry. Oh God. She'd never witnessed him jerking off before and figured he must do it in the shower or late at night after she went to bed. Sam had had the occasional idle thought that it would be fun to catch him doing it, but now that it was actually happening, she didn't know what to think. This was crossing some kind of line. This couldn't possibly be on his terms. She knew she should put the binoculars down, close the drapes, and walk away.
And she knew that if she did, it'd be the biggest regret of her life.
Transfixed, she stared as he fisted his now hard cock. He stroked the shaft a few times then paid special attention to the heart-shaped head. His other hand cupped his balls, massaging them in a circular motion. He looked like he wanted to make it last.
Oh, fuck, he was divine. Never had she ever seen a sight more beautiful than The Boy, closing his eyes and leaning his head back against the couch, his lips slightly parted and his chest rising and falling with his quickening breaths. The lamp's dim light made shadows and gold of his body as he sought to give himself nirvana.
Sam shifted in her spot, her legs cramping and her muscles aching. The motion brought the knowledge of how soaked her panties were, the wet fabric rubbing against her clit. God, if just the sight of The Boy in such an intimate situation could do this to her, what could the actual feel of him do?
No, that would never happen. Best not even consider its unlikelihood; it would ruin everything. It was more important to derive pleasure from the present than have lackluster reality break her heart.
The Boy sank further into the couch as his movements increased in speed. He winced as though in pain, but Sam guessed he felt anything but agony. What was he thinking about? What if he imagined himself getting off for a voyeur across the way? What if he knew she was there, and this show was for her benefit?
His body stiffened and a look of pure bliss blossomed on his face. Sam bit her tongue, suppressing the need to lick him clean. After a long pause, The Boy looked at his now limp cock, and Sam recognized his expression—the one that seemed to ask,Why does it have to be this way?
With what looked like a huge sigh of resignation, The Boy reached over and switched off the lamp, plunging the apartment into darkness.
Sam rose from her position and staggered to her bedroom with legs of lead. She rummaged through her night table's drawer until she found Nigel, her vibrator—a novelty gift from Lauren that was in the shape of a happy Buckingham Palace guard. Nigel only had one speed, but that night she didn't think she would need anything fancier than that to suit her needs. She was right: she peeled off her shorts and panties, pressed Nigel against her swollen clit, and came in less than twenty seconds. Even then, no relief.
She remembered the expression she'd seen on The Boy's face and wondered if they were more alike than all her spying had allowed her to guess.

* * * *

One day, she followed him.
Sam knew she was probably breaking about five different laws by now but couldn't help it. She wanted to see him up close without the binoculars, maybe hear his voice, find out more about him. Maybe she'd even get up the nerve to talk to him. Knowing that would never happen, she grabbed her sweatshirt and oversized sunglasses just as she saw him pull on his worn suede coat and head out the door.
Not bothering to wait for the elevator that always took ages to arrive, she ran down five flights of stairs and sat on the steps outside of her building, gasping for breath and trying to look inconspicuous as she waited for him to appear. When she saw him push open the door, she straightened and, feeling a loss of control over both her body and will power, trailed him down the street.
The Boy kept his head down and his fists buried in his pockets as he wove through the bustling crowd. He walked a few blocks to a nearby park, where he passed the primary-colored plastic playground, sat on a bench near the small pond in the center, and took out a book.
Even though he was just reading all alone on the metal bench, Sam was completely taken aback at how spellbound she was with something so mediocre. She hid in the shade of some skinny bare trees and stared at the back of his head, her heart hammering. No longer was she in the safety of her apartment, staring at The Boy separated by yards and yards of city pavement. This was real—and terrifying.
She knew that she had to see him up close without the magnification of binoculars. Such an act would surely drag her down to earth and remind her how foolish she acted. It would reaffirm the complete humanness in him, the humanness that she should not find so damn special. It would let her have a semblance of a life again, which she desperately needed. After all, while she knew everything about his daily routine, he didn't even know she existed. She'd seen his cock without him knowing it. She'd watched him come without his consent. Fuck, this was not good.
Sam left the safety of the trees, feigning as though heading to a set destination from which no one could sway her. The closer she approached him, the more her legs wobbled but she couldn't stop moving.
Just as her nearing shadow reached the bench, The Boy looked up from his book so suddenly that she stumbled, stunned. After all this time of being invisible to him, she never expected him to see her.
There he was, in the flesh, his eyes a china blue behind his wire-frame glasses. She hated to admit it, but he truly was beautiful, all curly red-gold hair with a beard and eyelashes to match, sweetly freckled skin, and pillow-like lips. Her breath caught in her throat and her thought process sputtered. He squinted at her, the sun in his eyes, and his mouth twitched in a shy, uncertain smile.
It was too much for her. She forced a weak grin that felt more like a grimace and quickened her pace, hurrying past the park's gates and moving quicker and quicker until she lapsed into a run. She fled home, back to the safety of her apartment, past the tall brick buildings and the scurrying people, her feet pounding on the tarmac and her breath coming out in short, choppy gasps.
* * * *

When she wasn't studying The Boy, Sam was at her job at the newspaper, but she had stopped going to the jazz bar afterward with her co-workers, who now fell silent in the break room when she walked in to get her limp tuna sandwich from the fridge. She didn't really mind. In fact, she hardly thought about them. Work ceased to exist anymore; it was just a dream world that she visited for a few tedious hours before returning to her new reality with only her, The Boy, and the street between them.
She sat at the receptionist desk on Tuesday afternoon, alternating between checking the day's articles for accuracy and answering the phones. The regular receptionist called off because her four-year-old had an asthma attack the night before, so Sam's boss told her to "man the front" while she completed her usual work. The day's primary undertaking included validating the article about the new senator, who was accused of slapping a fifth grade boy at the Horace B. Green Middle School during a We Are the Future assembly that morning.
The door swung open and a gust of wind swept through the office. Sam looked up from her keyboard, and there in the doorway stood The Boy, red-faced from the unusually cold day and removing a manila envelope from the inside of the suede coat he always wore. She choked on a shriek of surprise and swiveled her attention back to her monitor in a panic, not knowing what to do. She half hoped he'd go away yet prayed he would stay.
Sam heard his combat boots clunk over to the desk, and her teeth chattered as she realized that she just heard how his footwear sounded. It made him more real, and she didn't know if she could handle the actuality of the situation.
"Hey." He cleared his throat. "I mean, excuse me."
She had no choice but to respond, but "Hi, can I help you?" failed to leave her mouth. She did, however, lift her gaze toward him, otherwise paralyzed by the shock of attraction jolting through her.
The Boy handed her the envelope, his eyes hidden behind his fogged glasses. "I have a photo that I think might work in tomorrow's issue. Could you get this to the photo editor?"
She accepted the manila envelope with a nod, and unable to help herself, she opened it and took out a five-by-seven photograph of the new senator wearing a giant forced smile and draping an arm around the shoulder of a young boy, who appeared ready to burst into tears.
Sam couldn't help but laugh, both at the picture and at the good fortune of finding something to laugh at. "Nice."
He smiled. "Yeah. It was pretty awesome."
"How'd you know to be there at Horace Green right at that moment?"
The Boy shrugged, shuffling from foot to foot. "I just try to be in the right place at the right time. Plus, I think the senator is pretty stupid, so I figured he was bound to do something embarrassing and totally worth a pic."
"Are you a professional photographer?" She wondered why she didn't realize this earlier, and now knew that every time he left his apartment he was probably off looking for the perfect picture.
"Trying to be. I need more experience. I'm from the middle of nowhere, and there's nothing there to shoot other than farms and cows. That's why I moved to the city." He looked at his loose laces. "Yeah, so will you just give that to whoever? I wrote my name and phone number on the envelope so they know who to contact. I can email the photo as a JPEG, too, if that's what they prefer."
"I'll be sure to tell them." She took a deep breath, desperate to continue to dwindling conversation now that he stood before her. "Um, I'm a bit of a photographer myself."
"Really?" His eyebrows rose in interest. "Cool. If you ever have time or want someone to show your work to, I'm always up for that." He grinned. God, he looked perfect when he smiled. "I mean, I just moved here, and I don't know a whole lot of people, especially other photographers. Maybe we can help each other out."
As she scribbled her phone number on a piece of scrap paper for him, Sam swore she heard a heavenly choir singing soprano from a cloud somewhere. It all seemed a little too good to be true.

* * * *

Their first time out together had been terrifying. Sam had shown up at the bar with the orange vinyl booths and rickety wooden tables first, giving her time to worry. What if he never showed up? What if she let her secret slip? What if he could sense the truth? Worse, what if he wasn't everything she had hoped he'd be?
When The Boy—Brendan; he'd a name at last—walked in the door and sat opposite her, she didn't know whether to feel disappointed or relieved. They ordered drinks to thaw the tension, and to her great relief, endless conversation soon flowed, creating a connection Sam hadn't thought possible to hope for.
Everything was perfect. That meant everything was wrong. She was tiptoeing around a house of cards. All it would take is just one little sneeze.
Afterward, Brendan invited Sam to his apartment. "I want to show you some photos I took," he said, but the glimmer in his eye suggested he wouldn't be disappointed if looking at his work evolved into an activity that involved more nudity.
Sam agreed, reminding herself that nothing even remotely resembling sex would happen, could happen. She was a good girl, after all. A good girl with a very bad secret, but a good girl for the most part. However, when he unlocked the door and she stepped inside his apartment, her world flipped over. Everything she'd spent weeks practically memorizing—the things she never thought she'd get close to, including Brendan—was now within her reach.
While he bustled around the small apartment, whistling, she ran a finger over the top of the TV he watched, the photography magazines he read, and the back of the couch upon which he made himself come. Trembling, she drifted to the window and looked up at her apartment, and her head swam. This was the most surreal fucking moment of her life and here Brendan was, dragging out his leather portfolios and flipping them open on the coffee table, unaware that he was the center of her universe.
"A bunch of these are of cows," he said of the pictures with a laugh. "That's all there are in Sellsgrove—cows. Churches, too. I tell you, every day's a real adventure there."
Overwhelmed, she stared at him, sitting on the couch, paging through the portfolio, and she wanted to burst into tears.
He glanced at her with a teasing smile. "Do I have to look at cows all by myself?" His eyebrows narrowed with concern. "What's wrong? You look like you're freaking out."
Sam did some quick self-censorship. "No, I'm fine." She sat beside him and felt the heat radiate off his body. She bit her lip, hesitating for a moment before touching his shoulder. He felt so real. Her heart hammered against her ribs. Is this what having a religious experience felt like? It had to be damn close.
She looked into his eyes and saw him wrestling with questions of his own. Before she could ask, he clasped her exploring hand and pressed his mouth to hers, shy but eager, and any thought not pertaining to the moment vanished from her mind.
They fell back against the cushions, side by side, sharing the small width of couch. Her legs entwined with his, and his feet dangled off the edge. He placed a palm over her breast, and her gasp granted him the opportunity to slide his tongue in her mouth, electrifying her nerves. Her clit throbbed and her every breath escaped as a whimper.
He wrenched away from their kiss with a growl and a shake of his head. "You're driving me crazy, making those sounds." His mouth dropped to her neck, where he nibbled at the sensitive skin.
She was drivinghimcrazy? Sam was ready to leap out of her burning skin. She toed off her shoes and he tore off his glasses, then his hand slipped beneath her shirt and unhooked her bra's front clasp, her breasts falling free. Her heart in her throat, she watched as Brendan pushed her shirt up over her breasts with a clumsy urgency and covered a nipple with his mouth. His teeth scraped against the hardening bud, and it took everything in Sam's power not to come apart right then.
He licked a path to her other breast as his hand traveled down her stomach to the button on her pants. He paused and looked at her, his face ruddy and his eyes shining. "Is this okay?"
It was more than okay. It was so good, Sam struggled to believe it was actually happening. She gave a brief nod and swallowed hard as he undid her button fly and tugged the fabric down her thighs. She kicked her pants the rest of the way off and rested one knee on his hip. His mouth returned to her breast, and she sucked in a gasp as his hand found the ache between her legs. Her breath hitched as he stroked her cunt, drawing patterns over her clit.
Brendan's lips pressed against hers again, and his finger slid into her, remaining still for a moment before withdrawing slowly, then repeating the motion. Meanwhile, his tongue fucked her mouth with an intensity that, combined with his hand, was taking no time in obliterating what remained of her self-control.
Brendan pulled away from her, this time struggling into a sitting position. "Come on." He rolled off the couch and helped her stand, their movements heavy with longing. He took her hand and led the way to the bedroom, and another feeling of overwhelm hit her as she gazed at the band posters and the tapestry. It was like déjà vu times a thousand.
He tugged the rest of her clothes from her body, and she dove into bed and watched with great satisfaction as he undressed without grace or fanfare. She, of course, found the sight hypnotic. Not only was he baring his body, he was baring it to her.Forher.
His lips swollen and his eyes smoky with want, Brendan crawled toward her across the mattress, kissing her as he settled between her thighs. She gave a needy sigh, feeling his cock heavy against her skin. The magnitude of the moment threatened to send her straight to a climax before he ever even entered her.
He paused to wrestle a condom from the cluttered nightstand and rolled it on, an act cementing what was about to transpire. A moan tore from her throat as he finally slid into her with a groan, and she tightened her legs around his waist, her ankles locking at the base of his spine. He reared back and pushed inside her again, and all she could think of was his cock rubbing against the sides of her cunt and his pelvis crashing against her clit in just the perfect spot.
Then another thought sprung to mind—one of the wide-open window and the brick-face building opposite the bedroom. Sam pictured herself in her apartment, binoculars pressed to her face, watching The Boy fuck her. She imagined herself picking up the camera and pressing the shutter release every time The Boy slammed inside her.
The idea of being watched with such an intensity rocketed straight to her clit, and her mouth dropped open with a scream of pleasure as her body seemed to explode then slowly come back together. Brendan released a guttural cry of his own, burying his face in her damp hair.
Sam reveled in the peace for awhile until the reality of her situation crept back to her. The camera, the binoculars, and the perfect vantage point no longer seemed so sexy. Instead, they seemed like they could ruin everything.

* * * *

Brendan was coming to her apartment. He knew she lived in the building across from him, but she didn't think he realized her apartment practically looked into his own. She preferred to keep it that way, but how?
Sam heard his musical knock at the door and realized how unprepared she was for this moment. "Just a minute," she called, yanking shut the curtains and wedging the binoculars between the couch cushions. There was another knock at the door, more impatient this time. She stood in the middle of the living room, surveying the area in a panic. Anything incriminating? She couldn't decide. Panic dulled her ability to make sense of anything.
When she opened the door, Brendan strode inside the apartment with a case of Yuengling, his heavy boots clunking on the hardwood floor. "Hope you have enough room in your fridge."
"We'll make room." Sam attempted a smile and pointed him in the direction of the refrigerator, where he set to storing the beer bottles while he talked about where he'd spied some spots in town that would be perfect for a photo shoot. She shook a jar of meatless sauce into a pot and listened, fascinated by his discoveries. She'd lived in the same area for years, and before he came along, she'd never found anything remarkable about it, let alone photogenic. Hearing him talk, though, she felt proud to live where she did; it became a whole new, beautiful place when he spoke of it.
Sam boiled a pot of water for the noodles and set to sawing the garlic bread into pieces while Brendan wandered around her apartment with his beer.
"Is your view as shitty as mine?" He flicked back the curtains as Sam looked on in horror, feeling the blood plummet from her face into her toes. "Holy shit, you can see my apartment from here. Did you know that?"
"Um, no." She mustered up some surprise as she racked her brain for an explanation that would save her. "How weird."
"How've you never seen me? You have a view of everything from here."
"It's not like I make a habit of staking out in my living room, spying on my neighbors." She laughed, injecting just enough sarcasm to hide the fear in her voice.
"Well, damn." Brendan let the curtain fall shut. "Good thing I don't hack people up or walk around naked. At least, not at my place." He winked. "You don't know who could be watching."
She nearly sliced her finger off at that comment.
Brendan gestured around the living room. "How come you don't have any art up?"
"There's art." She nodded to the only thing hanging on the wall.
He slanted her a look with a wry smile. "That's a bulletin board, and there's nothing on it."
"You'd think for being a photographer, you'd be more open to all sorts of artistic expressions."
"Trust me, I am." He rejoined her in the kitchen, set his beer on the counter, and captured her in an embrace that made her laugh. "Wanna see my favorite kind?" When his mouth closed over hers, she could feel the smile still on his lips.
She returned his kiss, guilt mingling with her passion for him. How had she ever let it come to this point? How had an ordinary stranger watching TV in the apartment across from hers come to mean so much? It didn't seem like a possibility, even though all starting points were anything but likely.
Brendan tugged her into the living room, where they toppled onto the couch in a tangle of limbs. Just as they landed, he drew away from their embrace, wincing. He reached beneath his back, his hand plunging into the cushions, and came up with the binoculars.
Sam stared, paralyzed.
"Not exactly the best storage idea," he said.
She laughed—a little too loudly, a little too desperately. Despite her lack of religious affiliation, she sent a prayer to Whoever Up There that he hadn't started putting the puzzle pieces together.
"These look a little too expensive to be crammed inside the couch." He stretched the binoculars above his head, aiming to set them on the side table, but only resulted in knocking a shoebox off its surface—a shoebox full of very damning pictures she'd had printed at the nearby Rite Aid.
"Oh shit." He made a lunge for the box but Sam on top of him gave him limited range, and the photographs spilled on the floor.
Oh shitwas her sentiments exactly. She spring-boarded from his chest and dove for the photographs, scooping them into a pile. The white noise of panic filled her ears as she crammed them back into the box.
"Sorry about that." Brendan inched to the edge of the couch and reached for a few. "Hey, slow down. You'll ruin the pictures. Let me get them. It was my fault."
"No!" She snatched the photograph he'd been holding and it joined its crumpled glossy mates in the box. "Forget it, just forget it. I got it under control. You don't have to do—"
"Wait."
The seriousness in his voice made her freeze, and she noticed him holding another photograph, studying it with stunned intensity. She couldn't be sure which one he had but did that matter? Defeated, she sank into a cross-legged position on the floor as he tugged the box closer and rifle through its contents. She kept her eyes on the corner of the room as he inspected the photographs. So many long moments passed in silence that her body numbed into a state of disbelief. This couldn't actually be happening. This wasn't actually real.
Finally, he slapped a handful of pictures back into the box. She was almost disappointed he didn't look at them all. At this point, why the hell not?
She risked a glance at him as he rolled off the couch and stood, shaking his head, his jaw set. "I can't believe this," he said.
"I know." Her voice came out as a whisper. "But it was accident."
"An accident? You've been stalking me!" He stared at her, wide-eyed, expectant. "You've been lying to me. You've done nothingbutlie to me."
Sam swallowed hard and opened her mouth to speak, but nothing but air escaped. He wanted a logical explanation. She had none. He was right.
Brendan raked his hands through his hair and interlaced his fingers behind his neck as he paced a small circle in the middle of the room. "I don't know what to think. I trusted you. Then again, I think most people trust others not to be this psychotic. I had every right not to see this coming. I had every right to think you were normal."
"I'm so sorry." Even as the words left her lips, she knew how pitiful they sounded in comparison to his disappointment.
"No, I am." He grabbed his coat. "I can't deal with this." Then he left, and she didn't have to look out her window to know he'd finally closed his curtains when he returned home.

* * * *

His windows remained covered for days, and his deliberate act of closing her out was probably one of the worst things he could've done to her. She hated herself, and she knew he felt the same way. Why shouldn't he? For so long, she pretended to be someone else. She made him think he granted her his trust and gently let her into his life, when in truth she barged right in without an invitation, long before he was ever ready to give one.
As his blinds remained shut, Sam realized she forgot how to live her life. When she wasn't at the newspaper, she no longer knew what to do with herself. No longer rushing to the window, she returned to surfing the Internet, reading magazines so violently removed from her life (would a realCosmogirl be going through such a turmoil? Hell, no), and going out with her coworkers again, whom she found more boring than ever. No matter what she doing or who she was with, she was always searching for the love, attention, and forgiveness from the one person not there. It was enough to make her rather be at her place, moping in front of reality TV and feeling like the world's worst person. At least when she was at home, she couldn't distract herself from the horrible person she really was. She could be alone to be herself—a freedom she had to admit she'd never given The Boy.
II.
Brendan had every right to be angry. People just didn't do that to other people—or did they? This was the city, where anything goes. He watched a drunk, homeless man pee on a statue of Jesus and a cop car run a red light. Maybe everyone was crazy here. Back home in safe, sheltered Sellsgrove, there were no shady characters mumbling to themselves on the subway, or burned-out teenagers standing outside the bus station, hounding passers-by for money so they could get to their sisters' funerals. And there definitely was no crazy girl in the apartment across the street, peering her way into his life with her binoculars.
If this was an average, on-the-brink-of-suburbia city, he couldn't imagine what New York City must be like. Life used to be simple when he was at home, waiting to escape to somewhere more exciting, something better, something different. Maybe he was totally out of his league here.

* * * *

The most serious relationship he'd ever had had been with Tina back in Sellsgrove, an acknowledgement that made him cringe because he'd never really thought of it as serious. In the end, she'd been the one to call it off when he left, insisting that long-distance relationships never worked, although he knew for a fact she'd never dated anyone from out of town before. He'd accepted her decision though, probably far better than she would've liked. Life with Tina, life without Tina—there just wasn't enough difference between the two, and he'd adjusted to the latter easily enough.
Life without Sam, though—that one wasn't exactly going as well. He wanted to forget all about her. He wanted to concentrate on selling his photographs. He wanted to open the blinds. He wanted to go outside his apartment and feel nonchalant and unsuspicious, which he figured was hard enough to do in the city without someone stalking him.
But every time he looked toward his windows, he was reminded of her, and not in a way he would've liked. He thought of how she was his first real friend here that he could depend on, and how she was truly interested in him and his life, and how green her eyes were when she looked at him.
Like the city itself, this kind of anger was also much different than what he was used to back home. Wasn't it supposed to feel more like being betrayed and less like missing someone?

* * * *

Brendan got brave one day and opened the blinds a crack, letting in a sliver of light. He peeked out at the busy street, the traffic, the chaos of people, anywhere but her apartment. Then he chastised himself for being so damned stupid. There was nothing to be afraid of. Holding his breath, he glanced at her window.
There was no one there.
And somehow, he wasn't filled with relief like he thought he would be. Instead, it felt a little like curiosity, and a lot like disappointment.

* * * *

He opened the blinds a little more every day, and every day he was greeted to absolutely nothing special. He'd wanted the curtains opened, and now that they were, there was nothing to look at.
On Saturday morning, his alarm went off, letting out a monotone beep that increasingly got louder. He smashed his fist on the button and kicked off the tangle of sheets as he rolled from the bed. Walking to the window, he stretched his arms high above his head, and his yawn died in his throat when he saw Sam at her window.
She wasn't looking at him. In fact, it was as though she was trying as hard as she couldnotto look his way. He saw the side of her face as she sat on the couch, but he couldn't really tell what she was doing, and it had been so long since he'd seen her or talked to her that now he really wanted to know.
Then Brendan got an idea that made him sick, but he couldn't seem to help himself.
Feeling like a criminal, he opened his dresser drawer, retrieved his camera and screwed on the telephoto lens. Then he turned to the window and put the viewfinder to his eye.
Sam spoke on her cell phone, her messy ponytail bobbing every time she spoke. He couldn't make out her face very well, but she didn't seem happy. Her pallid complexion appeared even paler behind the glass.
Then she turned and looked right at him.
The muscles in his body tightened, and his first instinct was to look away, but he couldn't move. He kept the camera close to his eye and took in the dark circles beneath her even darker eyes as she lowered the phone and stared at him. Brendan could hear his blood pumping through his veins and his lens started to fog, and he realized how hard he was breathing.
Then she stood and moved away from the window, retreating further into her apartment.
The undeniable hypocrisy of his act made his stomach churn, and he dropped the camera on his bed and sank down beside it, facedown and groaning. What would happen now? What did all the staring and the spying mean? Did it change anything?
The only thing that finally convinced him to rise was his growling stomach, but first he padded barefoot over to the window, not really knowing why and almost afraid to look.
To both his embarrassment and delight, she was still there, along with a little white square taped to the glass.
Immediately he grabbed his camera and raised it to his eye. After focusing, the little white square turned out to be a piece of paper with the wordsI miss you and I'm sorryscribbled on it in black marker.
Brendan scrambled for the nearest notepad and tore a sheet from it to writeMe too. When he pressed his own sign to the window, she vanished, reappearing moments later with her binoculars. In spite of everything, the sight of them made him smile. Suddenly the future was full of previously unimagined possibilities and challenges to his mode of thinking that were now more than welcome, even craved.
Emboldened by hope, he scratched a second message on the back of the paper and slapped it against the glass.
So can I see you naked?
He half expected her to call him out on his hypocrisy, his audacity. But he also half expected her to get it—gethim. He watched through his lens as a flicker of surprise crossed her face, followed by both a blush and a smirk. Then, with one hand still gripping the binoculars, she unbuttoned her shirt and shrugged it from her shoulders, leaving her in her bra and red cotton shorts, both which were discarded at a pace so slow it was all he could do not to run next door and disrobe her himself.
Soon she wore nothing but the binoculars pressed to her eyes, her body on display for him or any other neighbor who happened to glance out the window and do a double take. But knowing the show was meant just for him awakened his cock in his jeans, and he wrote her a third note.
I wanna see you touch yourself.
Her nipples hardened, speaking the best kind of Braille as she obeyed him. She stroked her bare stomach and up her sides, avoiding the areas he most wanted her to explore. His impatience and his hard-on grew as she perched on the back of her couch and ran her hands down her thighs, widening her stance. Her fingers reached her knees before wandering upward again, and again avoided the very spot he was dying to taste.
He clutched the lens with one hand while his other popped open the buttons of his fly. His jeans sagged around his hips as his cock hit the open air, a previously undetectable breeze kissing the tip.
Across the way, Sam's fingers finally found her nipples, like athank youfor the reciprocal sight. She tugged them into tiny pink peaks, and in turn, he pulled on his cock, sucking on his lower lip as the familiar clench of a nearing climax tightened in his stomach.
He noticed the hand she held the binoculars with trembled, but she didn't seem in a hurry to put them down. Instead, she rested more fully against the couch and opened her legs wider, granting him full view of her cunt. With no further hesitation, her fingers dropped to her clit, using the wetness pooling between her thighs to paint small circles. Her lips parted, and he could almost hear her change in breathing and strangled moans.
Brendan fisted his cock, pre-cum leaking from the head mingling with the sweat on his palm. His own breathing grew choppy as he watched her dip a finger inside herself, teasing her entrance while keeping the pad of her thumb rolling over her clit. His world shrank to a pinpoint and became solely the space between her legs. Pleasure prickled through his chest and over his thighs as he matched her rhythm with his own. He watched her cunt clutch her finger, and her body twitched and spilled over the back of the couch, leaving only her calves and her bare feet visible. He sucked in a jagged breath at the sight of her release and he came, hot and sticky, in his hand, nearly dropping his camera.
Hazy from his orgasm, he found it difficult to keep the sloppy grin off his face. That was quite possibly the best apology he'd ever received. It was definitely the best makeup sex he never had.
Sam's face and upper shoulders popped up over the back of the couch. This time, she was without her binoculars but had a new sign.
Are you coming over or are you just going to watch?
He smiled. Thanks to her, he couldn't see why he couldn't do both.
# # #