I'd like to remind my readers that these stories are true.
While some readers have questioned this fact. I'm the one telling the tale, and I'm the one that was being fucked, sucked, licked, while either one on one, or in truly porn worthy groups or threesomes. The dialogue is updated but the events are 100% accurate.
The basics are this. I'm a nudist and an exhibitionist. I love to be nude, and I go out of my way to letting my naughty hobby be a big part of my life experiences. I've driven nude, ridden my motorcycle nude, ridden my bicycle nude (OUCH). I've had naked adventures on beaches, on public streets, at nudist resorts all over the US, and of course at Hedonism Resorts. I've gone shopping in the nude, gone through drivethroughs in the nude. I counted it up recently, I spend the days in the office with clothes on for 8 and a half hours, 5 days a week. However I'd spend the rest of my life bare assed naked. That means I'm totally nude 74.7% of the time. So imagine if you were naked that much, you'd have some wild experiences too.
I decided that I wanted to change jobs, and the way I could increase my time spent nude was to become a nude model.
I really enjoyed sending off photos of my naked self as a way of getting hired to pose nude for a room full of strangers. And for me, the thought of being paid for exposing myself to strangers was an exhibitionist's wet dream come true.
I'd sent my resume and photos to a nearby University. I had to laugh when writing my prior experiences on the resume.
After all you can't just say, "I like to show off my nude body, and do it all the time. I have a master's degree in fucking on camera, and really enjoy my work."
I remember the phone interview from the Proctor. She asked "So you don't think you'll have any problems being nude in class do you?"
To which I replied, "Nah, I'm naked now as we talk." What I didn't say was that I was erect and stroking my cock while she was on the phone.
It was often a class of 20 students, all of whom will be staring at every part of my naked shaved cock and balls. Because it was so exciting, and because the drive was almost an hour, I would go out of my way to think of ways to maximize the experience. Often, I'd wake up naked, have breakfast, take three sildenafil tabs to thicken up my cock for the 4 hours ahead and jump in the car nude.
I'd carry a robe and flip flops, but that was the extent of any clothing.
As I drove, I'd stroke my cock for the entire trip, visualizing the upcoming experience of exposing myself to the three cute girls that were in the class.
All about 23, dressed like the unassuming college art nerds that they were, I'd get to class, drop my robe and do some stretches to get ready for the poses ahead.
I'm in good shape, about 6'1" 195 lbs, blonde with wide shoulders and athletic thighs. I have big hands, size 12 feet, and zero pubic hair that reveals a thick 8 inch cock with low hanging balls. In other words, I admit to being an exhibitionist piece of maleness who loves to show off my body any time I can to anyone that I can show it too. I won't have this body forever, so I wasn't going to let any opportunity go to waste.
Between poses, I'd walk around the class, commenting on the work. No robe, no shoes, no rings, no glasses. Totally naked, sporting a chubby cock that was dripping precum.
The reality is you're not supposed to be naked between poses and it's expected that you put your robe on. But I said fuck it, they've already seen every part of me, so why the fuck not.
It was a real turn on to be standing there, my cock swinging from side to side as I leaned in to the artists' work and commented on it. They'd try to keep their eyes on my face as I talk, but with my cock about 3 feet away from them, they'd often drop their gaze and glance at my maleness. I'd look back smiling and let them stare as long as they wanted.
Their staring made the blood in my cock pump even more as I became partially erect during each break.
I did this knowing it was not appropriate, but figured, why not? They'll tell me to get dressed if they really object. And not once did anyone say a thing. So I'd push it further each week, occasionally returning to the artist's stage, and rearranging my cock and balls in preparation for the next pose.
I would have jerked off for them, and really really wanted to, but campus police was adjacent to the art department, so bummer, no masturbation show today...
Class would end, and I'd put my robe and flip flops back on and walk out the hallway and into the parking lot. I always made sure to park in the far lot, so I could take off my robe and walk to my car in the nude.
It was about 10:00 pm when class would end, so there was hardly anyone left on campus. I figured why the fuck not get naked, I'd been naked all day, been posing naked for a room full of strangers and really really really needed to make myself cum.
I get in the car and begin the 45 mile drive home with one hand on the wheel and one hand on my cock.
It's a 6 lane expressway home. So set the cruise control, spread my legs so I can get a really good workout releasing a day's worth of pent up sexual energy and get to work jerking myself into oblivion.
On more than one occasion, I would crank out 2 or 3 loads of cum, leaving the evidence in puddles on my stomach and hands. I'd pull over to the side of the road, and pull on my cock like a fevered, masturbating maniac. A Nude Model who was masturbating after a nude session. Fuck, they paid me to pose. I fucking loved each stroke, every bounce of my balls on the car seat, and every lusty spurt of cum as I relived my naked "job".
Now it's important to note, that I don't just spend time jacking off. I've always had a great sex life and have had sex with over 96 women. Some were just fuck buddies, some one night stands, other long term committed relationships. But all were aware that I was a nudist, and that being naked was a big part of my life.
Once home, I push the garage door and walk in to the house completely nude. The garage lights are on and if my neighbors are awake, they'll see everything...
Once inside, I walk to the bedroom and stare at my naked self, a look of utter joy on my face. "I'm being paid to pose nude! WOW! What's next?" I ponder.
I know one thing, I loved loved loved it.
And now that I'm a full time model, I'm thinking that I'd like to see how many days in a row I can be totally naked. Maybe even get an apartment at a nudist resort. I've been to a few, and know that the swinger communities are awesome and could be just the thing.
Hmmm, my imagination wanders and my cock begins to twitch again. "Well you are already naked." I say to myself and hop on the bed, reach to the bedside table for some lube, and jerk myself off yet again.
"God I love to do this." I say out loud as the sound of my stroking is drowned out by my unrestrained cries of pleasure.
I wonder if they'd want me to pose with a female model...