It was a relief for MaryAnne when Aric found out his father put a stipulation in the Williams Security Contract that MaryAnne had to test Aric's inventions to receive and keep the contact. He was a compassionate young man to realize that MaryAnne was forced to test his invention, he could see the anguish on her face because she was forced to do this. Aric was upset that his father did this and does not want to cause mental pain to the nice woman, his former teacher. He had the contract with him nullified and asked his father to remove all reference to her as test subject for his son's inventions from the Williams security contract.
Steve received his contract and MaryAnne was happy she would not be forced to test Aric's inventions, or so she thought. The couple's sex life was extremely passionate for a few months after MaryAnne tested the equipment. They made love often, as both relived the day MaryAnne was nude and rode the bike with the woman pleaser for a seat. As things go in life they were at this place of diminished pleasure from their sexual contact and the couple looked forward to another shot of exotism to enliven their sex life again.
One night four months after that faithful day that MaryAnne was nude in front of the group. Steve brought his wife into the living room after supper and slowly stripped her as he kissed every part of her body he exposed.
Steve was in the process of sliding his wife's panties down when she said in a faraway whisper. "Steve, I want to do that again."
Confused Steve stopped and asked. "You want to do what again?"
"I want to test any inventions Aric is building. I like being the only one nude in a group." MaryAnne explained terrified, what her husband will think about her and if he will be mad at her.
Her husband was shocked to say the least and he asked. "Didn't you tell me that the exposure on that day embarrassed and humiliated you? As I remember you were in tears as you removed your clothes and looked terrified, I felt so bad for you I almost called off the whole thing, even though I could have lost the contract."
"Well it did do that, but I forgot to mention I liked that I was the center of attention, the humiliation was worth it, it dissipated in a short while and turned to lust, furthermore I liked the reaction from all the men, when they saw me insert the woman pleaser in my box and started the ride to orgasm."
"Wow, so let me get this straight. You want to test Aric's inventions. You understand you will have to get naked and have the equipment he makes enter your body, so he can adjust his inventions. Most likely other people will be there watching also. If I know Aric, he will want you nude as much as possible."
"Yes, that is what I want, but when you put it that way it sounds bizarre."
"Yes, it does my dear, only because you are so modest and are willing to do something like this. I love it!" Steve said as he finished the removal of his wife's wet panties. Steve could smell her excitement as soon as he removed the intimate garment. He continued before he put a lip lock on her pussy lips. "I am going to suck on you lady lips until your head caves in." And there after Steve tongue fucked his wife to an explosive orgasm.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." She screamed as the orgasm hit her, this caused the cars that went by their house at that time to slow down or stop as the windows were open, the curtains were open, and it was twilight with the lights on. The living room is in the front of the house in proximity of a moderately traveled road.
The travelers caught view of MaryAnne nude on the couch with her legs spread and her husband as he turned to sit down. The voyeurs could make out the color of the satisfied woman's lady lips and pubic hair. MaryAnne was very contented and made no move to close the shades. She just waved to the hidden voyeurs and received a toot from a horn as confirmation that she has been seen.
Steve arose and closed the shades as he stated. "MaryAnne we have to be careful about the X-rated show we just engaged in, everyone knows us in this neighborhood." He is concerned that the conservative nature of their town will be detrimental to MaryAnne's teaching position and his security busines although he loved the uninhibited sexual encounter they had in front of the window.
"You're right Steve, but it was so much fun." MaryAnne agreed as she kneeled in front of him to see if she could get him interested in another round. She took his cock into her mouth she tasted their combined lust on his organ as she tried to bring him to full staff again.
"Sorry babe I need to have a rest." Steve stated as he helped her up. He had her lie with her legs over his as they watched TV together, he played with her pussy and brought her to another orgasm. It wasn't as grand as the first but pleasant, however.
The next day Steve awoke to the smell of coffee. He performed his morning ritual and was in the kitchen dressed for the day ready to go to work after breakfast. His wife was nude, as she just removed her robe, that she had on while she cooked breakfast. "Wow, a nude server I like that." He said as he ran is finger though her pubic hair and inserted a few fingers in his wife's moist folds.
"You sure we couldn't have a quickie before you go to work? I'm horny." His wife admitted as she sat on his lap while he ate his breakfast. She could feel the lump she caused in his pants as she rubbed her pussy on his covered woman pleaser.
"You're so wet if you don't stop, I will have to change my pants your pussy is drooling all over my lap."
"Well you can fix that." MaryAnne stated as she vacated is lap and leaned against the counter, spread her legs, as an invitation to her husband to 'hose' her down.
It was a few minutes as MaryAnne fingered herself while Steve finished his breakfast before he made his desision.
"Oh hell, I can't pass up what you have to offer." He got up dropped his pants and undergarment together. He was already locked and loaded. He pushed his member into her hot box, he slid in balls deep she was so wet. It was over in about five minutes. Both had smiles on their faces.
Steve put himself together and MaryAnne walked him to the door nude, with their lust seeping out of her just fucked pussy, this sated her arousal for a time. She watched him until he was out of sight, as she stood just inside the front door.
MaryAnne did not want to dress today, she loved the air as it hit her private parts, so she did her housework in the nude. That is until the eleven o'clock zoom meeting with her follow teachers, then she put on a bra and blouse only. She was nude to the waist. While she listened to the school officials drone on about the current situation, they found themselves in, MaryAnne surreptitiously rubbed her pussy as she thought about how she will contact Aric and the ramifications of this action.
When the zoom meeting was complete at noontime, Maryanne removed what little she had on and called her husband.
"Are you alone?" MaryAnne asked.
"Yes, Why!"
"Because I want to show you this." MaryAnne said as she switched her computer to face chat.
"MaryAnne, this is the first time you have ever done anything like this. And I love it." her husband stated with a smile, when she zoomed out to show him, she was completely naked.
She then became serious. "Steve, I need your help."
"What do you need, my love?"
"Could you call Carl Brown and tell him I want to test his son's inventions?"
"I am not going to get in the middle of that my dear you will have to call Aric and set it up with him."
"Don't you want me to do this? Did you just say you wanted me to continue because we were having great sex after the first time, I did the testing...?"
"If you want to help Aric. I will go along with it as long as I am present, but you will have to set it up." He did not want to continue the conversation, so Steve said. "I have another call coming in my dear that I have been waiting for."
Reluctantly MaryAnne disconnected with her husband. She had Aric's number in her cell, so after ten minutes in a debate with her conservative personality her exhibitionistic side won out. Hesitantly she dialed Aric's number.
The cell rang twice. "Hi Mrs. Williams, how have you been?" He was excited to hear from her, this she noted in the inflection in his voice.
"I just wanted to see how you are and to thank you that you didn't hold me to the contract." His former teacher said with a crack in her voice.
"I just finished a few more attachments to the stationary bike and I am working on an elliptical presently. The only challenge I have is to find a lady to test the equipment for me. I know you don't want to do it, but do you know anyone?" Noting that she is hedging and trying to say something to, him but can't get it out.
"You know I like to help my students and to work with them in their life goals." She said as Aric made her feel guilty presently for not consenting to work with him.
"Well Mrs. Williams, I am looking for a woman that will do as I ask with regard to the proper use of the equipment and to demonstrate the equipment I have invented. My goal is to have someone that has used the equipment write a manual for the proper uses of the equipment. If you're still interested, be at my lab tomorrow at ten. I have to go now as I have a few of my associates here to help me with the final adjustments."
"Okay, ten tomorrow." MaryAnne said before she realized she accepted an invitation to be at Aric's lab for the next day.
Now MaryAnne is nervous she has a meeting with Aric the following day at ten and she has a class from two to four that day also. She doesn't know if her husband will be able to get away, as the only stipulation he relayed to her is he has to be present when she tests the equipment for Aric. MaryAnne was still undecided on whether to go to the meeting with Aric when her husband arrived home.
Still nude the lovely older lady went to the door. She opened the door just as her husband reached for the knob, she swung the door open. It surprised him to see his pretty wife nude in the doorway in the front of their house in the middle of the day.
She made no attempt to hide behind the door, anyone that happened by would see the mature woman nude, as the afternoon sun illuminated her in the doorway.
"Wow I like your birthday suit."
"Yes, it is wash and wear. Does it look wrinkled?"
"No, the outfit looks brand new and wrinkle free."
The couple giggling with the last remarks.
With the door still opened he took her in his arms and gave her an extremely passionate kiss. He laid her on the carpet in the hall and proceeded to kiss his way down her body. He stopped to give her breasts a kiss each and kissed his way to her knees. Steve bypassed her pussy and worked up both knees to the juncture of her legs. MaryAnne could feel his hot breath on her lady lips.
"Pleassssssssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeee stop teasing me I need to cum." His panting wife moaning says.
He crawled up and kissed his wife, she could taste her sex on her husband's lips as he French kissed her.
"What did you say dear, I didn't quite understand something about stop teasing?"
She pushed his head down to her pussy. "Finish what you started" MaryAnne said as she pulled on his ears to pull his face to her pussy.
He got the hint and finished off his wife. He licked her clit and used three fingers in her pussy as a miniature cock to bring her off with a scream. A few horns honked to signify they heard her scream. After she returned to earth she scampered over to the door and shut it.
"Dinner will be ready in a few minutes." MaryAnne announced as she proceeded nude to the kitchen to serve the meal.
It was a quiet meal, just some small talk and a lot of internal conversations by both. Steve wondered where they will end up and MaryAnne concerned what Steve will say when she tells him about tomorrow. They cleaned up the kitchen together, Steve took liberties with his wife, he rubbed her breasts, and fingered her pussy as she tried to stack the dishes in the dishwasher. It was all in good fun they laughed as they went into the living room to watch TV.
"Steve, I think you should get comfortable." MaryAnne said as she stripped him nude from the waist down, she helped him out of his clothes, had him sit down, she sat next to him and started to play with his pecker as she said. "I talked to Aric today, he wants me to go to his lab tomorrow at ten. I want you with me, do you think that can be arranged?" She asked, just before she put a lip lock on his love muscle.
Well any guy knows that when your woman has your pecker in her hand and her lips around your member anything can be arranged. Particularly when the woman you love proceeded to fuck your brains out in conjunction with the blowjob. Everyone knows that a guy's resistance comes out of his pecker when they cum in a situation like this.
The next day a few phone calls were made by Steve as MaryAnne readied herself for the meeting with Aric. They were off in plenty of time for the ten AM meeting.
"You sure this is what you want MaryAnne? My feeling is that your opening yourself up to a lot of unwanted attention. If you are required to demonstrate the equipment in a public setting, even in a simi public setting or in a video. Someone may recognize you and it may be bad for your teaching profession and my security business."
"I am thinking of that also, but let's just see what Aric has to say. I won't do anything rash." She stated to placate her husband.
They pulled into Aric's drive a few minutes later and before they exited the vehicle Aric and a few of his friends where there to greet the older couple.
"Hi Mrs. and Mrs. Williams, we are glad to see that you will help me with my project." Aric stated and he opened the door for his former teacher. He was depressed to see she had panties on.
"Well, we just came to see your progress on the equipment." Steve stated to let Aric know that MaryAnne did not agree to test the equipment today.
"Yes, we know, the equipment is ready for testing. Let's go to the lab and I will show you all the improvements." Aric said enthusiastically as he ushered the couple to the lab.
"Aric, I am here just to see what you have done." MaryAnne stated panicked now that there are five other young adults that she works with on zoom.
"Mrs. Williams, I need you to test my new inventions they are ready. Remove your clothes it will only take an hour or two and then I can continue." Aric implored his teacher with a look of possible rejection on his face. "My father told me I have only a few more weeks that he will let me work on my inventions before he will stop financing me. If I don't start a sales promotion to sell some of the equipment I have invented..."
"Aric let me talk to my husband please give us a minute." MaryAnne said as she walked to a corner and whispered. "What do you think Steve is he telling me the truth?"
"Knowing his father, that sounds like him. He is on his son's side, but if Carl thinks his son is wasting his time with the inventions, he probably will pull the plug on financing him."
"I only have a few hours before I have to get back home for a zoom meeting." MaryAnne said as she removed her clothes before she had time to think of the ramifications of what she did, to the shock of all there.
Their schoolteacher stood nude and proud as she looked at the young men in her remote learning class. She dared them to look at her body, instead of her eyes as she walked to the stationary bike with the new dildo and rectal massager attached.
Aric walked ahead of the demonstration model as he said. "Let me help you get positioned properly Mrs. William...Ah I mean MaryAnne."
The woman slipped into the straps on the peddle and stood on them as she thought. "Good thing I thought to wear my gym shoes today." And then continued. "Could you see if I need any lubricate Aric." She wanted the young inventor to manually check her manhole in front of the group. MaryAnne looked around and smiled with satisfaction all eyes were on her naked body and watched Aric insert his fingers in her pussy to gage her arousal even though she knew she was wet enough to accept the pleasure device internally without pain.
"Steve can you come over and stand near me with one of the other young men? Remember the last time I rode this bike I almost fell off I had a gigantic orgasm."
Steve and one of her zoom students positioned themselves on each side of the nude teacher.
Aric directed. "Maryanne start to settle on the two objects as I are insert them into your vagina." Aric used two fingers from one hand to open his former teacher's pussy to accept the woman pleaser and the rear bugger attachment.
The group watched with fascination as the tester started to peddle, but unlike the last time the instrument did not go in and it started to vibrate and the faster she peddled the faster the imitation dick vibrated along with the butt plug. She could vary her pleasure as she slowed or sped up.
She could not wait any longer she needed to come and started to peddle faster. "I'm cuuuuuuummmmmminnnnggggggggggg!" MaryAnne cried as she fell toward her husband and the young man in her zoom class caught her.
He grabbed his teacher by her waist and her breasts were on each side of his head as he held up. He popped an erection when he felt her mature breast on each side of his face, he inhaled her scent while captured between them. Steve assisted the young student, as the helped MaryAnne off the bike and to a seat she sat with legs spread and all could see her orgasm flowing out of her pussy down her bottom to be absorbed by the cloth on the chair.
The students she has on zoom will never forget how she looked when she had her orgasm. It will be hard for them to concentrate on studies when they know what their teacher looks like nude and in orgasmic ecstasy. They fell in love with her and hopefully this will not be the last time they watch her orgasm. The room had a delightful scent of satisfied pussy, something Proctor and Gamble should capture in an aerosol can. The young men did not know what the scent was, until they walked closer to their teacher and the scent became stronger.
"Yes, that is me you smell." MaryAnne said when she saw her students as they walked toward her and sniffed the air. "I hope you like the scent. I concocted it specifically for all of you." She giggled to relieve her embarrassment for the X-rated show she just performed for the group.
"MaryAnne we have to go. You have the zoom meeting for your class. We just have enough time to get you home before the meeting." Steve said as he is not sure he wants his wife to continue down this road.
The nude woman grabbed her dress, put it on over her head and put her undergarments in her purse as she walked with the group to the car. Aric opened the door for MaryAnne. When she entered the car, she had to spread her legs. This gave the group a final flash of her beaver. She turned, smiled and waved to her group of admirers as Steve drove down the driveway and into traffic.
It was about ten minutes into the drive before MaryAnne asked. "What is wrong Steve?"
"I am worried that we will have a problem down the road. What if our kids find out or some of the parishioners in our church that I let you test erotic equipment?"
"You told me I had to test the equipment the first time I did it and it took all my willpower to remove my clothes in front of the group. I was totally humiliated. I found out I love the looks I receive from the men and boys, now you want me to stop." MaryAnne said in confusion. "Make up my mind!"
"The first time you did it for us, to make sure we kept the business because you were required to do it for a good reason that is why I praised you, but now you're doing it because you like it and that concerns me."
"Okay, I understand, so I will stop working with Aric testing his inventions. Does that make you feel better Steve?"
He didn't answer as they were at home, he exited the vehicle, to go around, and open the door for his wife. He received a shot of his wife's lady lips as she exited the car. She rushed in to log on to start her class. MaryAnne did not change before her class while she addressed the class. Two of the young men that were at Aric's house recognized their teacher's outfit. This caused them to zone out in remembrance of their mature teacher's erotic display.
MaryAnne and Steve will need to have a discussion on where they will go from here. A whole new world has been opened to the modest teacher that she does not want to have end. She loves to be nude in public and be admired.