Miranda looked down at the test strip. There was no mistaking, the results were positive, she was pregnant, but how could this be. She walked out of the bathroom and showed the strip to her husband. "Holy shit! He said. They had finally come to terms that they where going to be a one child family. Years of fertility treatments had no results. They had given up and actually started enjoying sex again. At 41 Don was ready to move on but Miranda, 7 years younger, was not ready to give up, and her wish finally came true. Their surprise pregnancy was not without some medical issues and so the doctor had told them no sex. This was not easy for both of them as they enjoyed their sex life, but Miranda's libido quickly faded and Don was left jerking like a teenager.
Miranda looked at her husband, he was acting weird ever since they had left the doctors office. Don had come with her to the exam it had only been a few weeks without sex but he was having a tough time and just seeing her get naked in the exam room gave him a hard on. Her body looked good, she was not showing just yet, but her skin glowed, and her large red nipples where hard from the cold air in the room. Even with the gown on you could see her nipples trying to poke through.
The doctor entered the room followed by a nurse and another young doctor in a short white coat. "This is our intern do you mind? asked the doctor."
"No." said Miranda. Don watched as they examined his wife, he was turned on, much more then he would have ever expected. They couldn't of been more professional, but to Don the idea of them seeing his sexy wife's privates drove him crazy. He watched as they examined between her legs her feet held up by the stirrups. Then they listened to the babies heart beat each one placing the stethoscope on her naked belly. The bottom of her breasts exposed to them, he found himself hoping the gown would open up and expose her protruding nipples. Unfortunately there was no breast exam.
They had always been very honest with each other so when Miranda asked him why he was acting so weird, he told her how the exam had turned him on. Miranda assumed he was just overly horny and did not think much of it. Don however could not get the image out of his head. The idea of his wife being seen by another man was turning him on. He turned to the Internet and started watching wives being shared or exposed to other men. Miranda was aware of his new hobby but did not mind, as she felt bad that she was not in the mood to please him. She was usually hornier then him, a girl who could have sex daily, while Don was a 2-3 times a week kinda guy. During the pregnancy this changed, and she had very little interest in sex.
One night Don was watching a video on his laptop and Miranda happened to glance at the screen. She saw an amateur video of a woman about her age being held by another man who was slowly taking her clothes off. They where in a hotel room, and the couple where talking to the cameraman. "What's going on?" Miranda asked her husband.
"The camera man is her husband, and that is some guy they just met." Said Don.
Miranda watched as the couple explored each other's bodies for the first time. Slowly undressing, touching, and then a kiss. The women looked over at her husband and smiled. For the first time in months Miranda felt herself start to get turned on. She reached her hand down and placed it over her husband's jeans. She could feel his hardness. Don was surprised by his wife's actions, but happy this was turning her on. They started kissing, and undressing each other.
"We shouldn't be doing this." She said.
"I know but I just want to feel you against me, it's been so long." Said Don. They went up to their bedroom, undressed and started the video again. They embraced each other, as they watched the video taking breaks to kiss and touch one another. Most nights their sexual encounters lasted 15 -- 20 minutes but tonight they where not sure what to do. How far should they go?
Miranda was already too big for him to get on top. Don spooned his wife and pushed the tip of his penis against her lips. She was so, wet, and so turned on. "Knock, Knock." He said.
"No, we can't" She said. Don pulled back and kissed his wife, then her neck moving down to her chest and belly. She was not stopping him now. He placed his face between her legs and started to kiss her pussy. She tasted so good. It had been so long, he had always enjoyed eating her out. It did not, take him long, her body shook with excitement as the orgasm came. He sat up with a raging hard on.
"What are we going to do about that? She asked. He moved towards her mouth and she started to suck him. It felt so good. When she got really horny, she sucked cock like a porn star.
The video was still going, the wife was now lying on the bed. Her chest covered in the other man's cum. She was just lying there as the husband continued to film her. Miranda pointed at the video and said "I want you to do that to me." She laid herself back positioning her chest under her husband's dick. Don was so turned on she had never let him shoot his load on her before. It was so hot as he stroked his cock over his wife's naked body, her chest bouncing to the motion. He could feel himself ready to explode and watched as his cum sprayed across her chest, some drops landing on her chin.
"That was different." He said with a gigantic smile on his face. "You look like those dirty girls on the net."
"Mmmmm am I your dirty girl?" she asked.
"Oh yes. Did that video turn you on? He asked. "Would you like me to watch another man have his way with you?" Miranda thought about it. There was no denying the video was a turn on. The idea of being watched while having sex was very hot, and it had been so long since another man had touched her.
"Would you like that?" she asked. She was very good at answering questions with another question, most likely to avoid the answer. Don did not hesitate on his answer
"Yes I would." He said. Miranda however, doubted he could really watch her with another man, and not get jealous.
After the birth of their healthy baby girl, things started to get back to normal. Don's fantasies of seeing his wife with another man did not change. He found a chat website where other guys had the same interest. They would go there to share stories and chat about their wives. Sometimes they would even swap pictures. As Miranda's sex drive had not completely returned, she did not mind him sending some faceless pictures of her in various outfits, which they had taken for fun a few years back. In fact the idea of other men being turned on by her pictures was very flattering. Don would often try to get her to chat with him but she usually was not interested. Tonight however was different.
"This guy wants to talk to you." Don told her. Miranda looked over at her husband. She was relaxed after a long day, the glass of wine helped.
"What would I say? She asked. Don smiled, he was happy that she felt like playing tonight.
"She does not know what to say." He typed.
"Ask her if she ever thinks about other men?" the guy replied. Don read that out loud to his wife.
"Well sure." She said. Don typed that back.
"Has she ever masturbated thinking about another man?" He asked. Don felt his palms start to sweat, and his mouth go dry, as he read the question out loud to his wife. She looked guilty immediately. After a few minutes, Don asked for an answer.
"Well don't most couples fantasize about others?" Don typed her response and added that she loves to avoid straight answers.
"He wants to know if you're ready to chat with him." To Don's surprise she moved over next to him and took the laptop from him.
Don watched as the two of them started chatting. The guy was very good. He took things slow. Asking her simple questions. "What do you look like?"
"I am 5'3 130lb, have long brown hair, and hazel eyes." Don reached over to the keyboard and added 34C.
"Your hot. Was your husband your first?" He asked.
"No there where others before him." "Do you ever think about them?"
"Not really." She said.
"But you do think about other guys?"
"Not all the time, but I have." She responded.
"Who?"
"Guys on TV or in the Movie's, and internet porn."
"Ever any regular guys?
"Well sometimes I catch guys checking me out at the grocery store."
"How does that make you feel?"
"Good." She replied.
"You ever dress sexy for them?" This was a great question thought Don, as he knew his wife would go grocery shopping without a bra from time to time.
"Yes." She said, and described her outfits to him while smiling and looking at her husband.
"You ever masturbate thinking about them? He asked. Don did not know the answer to this one.
"I have." She answered.
Miranda did not look over at her husband after this answer. She could not believe she was doing this. But had to admit it was kind of fun. Was this what he wanted? Her biggest worry was that if she let herself go with another man, even if her husband was in the room, she would have to ignore him somewhat to enjoy the other man. This made her feel guilty. She realized if Don really believed he could see her with another man, this chatting was a good way to test the waters.
"Is this conversation turning you on? The guy asked.
"Yes it is." She replied.
"What are you wearing?" He asked.
"Button down shirt, jeans, socks, panties and a bra."
"Unbutton your shirt." He asked. Miranda unbuttoned her shirt, and the guy told her to start playing with her breasts. Don watched as she played with them, wondering if the guy really believed he was talking with a woman, let alone one who was actually doing what he asked.
"You look so hot." Don said to his wife, "If that guy only new." Miranda continued chatting with the guy who eventually got her completely undressed. Don continued to watch as his lovely wife started to masturbate, for another man. At which point he could not take it anymore.
He grabbed the computer and typed, " I'm going to fuck my wife now, thanks for the fun chat." At which the guy replied
" No problem, you have fun, tell her to think of me, Jeff, if she wants."
Don quickly got undressed and mounted himself on top of her. He slid in so easy. "Oh you are so wet," he said. "You really enjoyed that didn't you?"
"Didn't you?" she responded. He moved in and out of her, slowly increasing his thrusts. He could feel the heat radiating off her body.
"Does that feel good?" He asked.
"Oh yes." She responded.
"Oh yes who?" He asked. Don saw his wife smile, she new what he wanted.
"Oh yes Jeff." She said. As they continued to fuck Miranda called out Jeff's name as if he was they're fucking her. This drove Don crazy, he could hardly keep from exploding inside her. Just as he was about to release his load, he felt Miranda arch her back and push herself against him as her body shook with a strong orgasm. The first orgasm she had from penetration in a long time.
The next day it was like someone had turned a switch off on Miranda. She did not deny that the chat was fun but felt they should not make a deal of it. Don on the other hand was so turned on he was ready to do it again that night. Miranda was not in the mood. In fact she actually rolled her eyes when Don suggested they chat, as if it was beneath her. Miranda went into the other room to read her book while Don started chatting again. She loved her husband, and she loved sex with him, she really didn't feel the need for anyone else. Besides good wives don't do that kind of thing.
As the weeks went by Don did not bring up his fantasy. The last thing he wanted to do was make his wife uncomfortable. In fact the fantasy didn't work if she wasn't turned on by it. Their sex life continued. It was not as hot and passionate as that one night, but they can't all be like that. He enjoyed sex with her and she enjoyed the sex with him.
Miranda looked at herself in the mirror. She was back to her pre pregnant weight, but had the bonus of a larger rack, and she was sporting some nice cleavage. She walked out of the bathroom and told her husband she needed a date night. They arranged for her mom to come and watch the kids, and the two of them headed out for a bite to eat. On the way to the restaurant Don commented how nice she looked.
"Thank you," she said as she reached up and undid another button. "Do you think I'll get any looks?" she asked.
"Yea, but you would get more if you take that bra off." He said half joking, and half wishing. Miranda thought about it for a minute, then reached behind and undid her bra, unbuttoned her shirt and wiggled the bra off. She buttoned her shirt back up, but made sure plenty of cleavage showed.
"Now what do you think? She asked.
"Incredible." He said.
The restaurant was dark; it took some time for their eyes to adjust as they where lead to their booth. The waiter approached, and Don noticed him eyeing his wife's ample cleavage. As the waiter walked away, they both looked at each other and giggled like little kids playing a prank. As the meal went on the waiter seemed eager to come back and see how they where doing. The wine was good, buy dessert time Miranda had that look of lust in her eyes once again. While playing footsy with her husband under the table she reached up and undid two more buttons on her blouse. From the waiters view he would be able to see the whole outline of her breast, and depending how she moved possibly some nipple.
The waiter returned to get their dessert order, his eyes big as he saw Miranda's breast almost exposed. Realizing he was starring, he quickly looked away, over at Don, as if to apologize for what he saw. Of course Don did not mind, he was so turned on, he was ready to explode in his pants. He placed their dessert order. As the waiter walked away Don asked his wife if we should invite him home. He expected a, "no" where just having fun, kind of answer, but instead got,
"Would be interesting, due you really think you could go through with it?" Don searched his feelings, did she really mean it, and could he watch another man with his wife. Sure, there where some feeling's of jealousy, but the turn on for him was so much more powerful.
"Yes." He said, "but not tonight, not around here, maybe on our next vacation."
(PART II)
"Please fasten your seatbelts and prepare for landing." The speaker blared. Don looked out the window. Vegas, they had finally made it. He looked over at his wife of ten years and placed his hand on top of hers. Miranda looked up at him. "Its not Hawaii but will still have fun." Don said. They had planed their tenth year anniversary to be in Hawaii, but the unexpected pregnancy through a wrench in their plans. Don was glad he was able to pull her away for a long weekend.
The weather was perfect in Vegas so they had a quick lunch after checking in, and then changed and went out to the pool. Don reminded his wife that there was a topless area they could go to. He watched her think about the idea, whishing he could see her thoughts. "Would I have to get topless?"
"Well, no one has to, but that is the point."
"Maybe another day." She said.
After a few hours at the pool they went back to the room and got ready for dinner. Don had all kinds of ideas for the evening; just depended on what mood his wife was in. He surprised her with tickets to cirque du soleil zumanity a very sexual show, hoping it would get his wife turned on. It worked. After the play she could hardly keep her hands off him. "What should we do now? He asked rhetorically as they walked back towards the hotel on the busy late night streets of Vegas.
"What did you have in mind?" His wife asked.
"Well there is this club I read about, that we might find interesting."
"What kind of club?" she asked.
"It's a swingers club."
"Do you want to swing?" She asked, after a long pause.
"No, but maybe watch you dance with another, man, see what happens, if you're comfortable with that.
Miranda thought about it, she was tempted, but it just seemed so forced, so planned out, she preferred spontaneity. Besides she was tired, "Lets go back to the hotel, have some fun, in our room." She suggested. They went back to the hotel and made love, falling asleep in each other's arms.
Don woke; his wife was already in the shower. He walked in the bathroom, and asked if she wanted room service. "That sounds like fun." He placed the order, and took a quick shower himself. His wife looked sexy, her body wrapped in the hotel towel, her wet hair resting on her white shoulders. She saw him staring turned and opened the bottom of the towel revealing her bald pussy. "You shaved." He said. She nodded and smiled. "I dare you to leave that on when the room service guy brings our food." He said. Miranda looked at him. He was incorrigible, always trying, yet she felt like she kept saying no to his ideas.
"Ok." She said you're on. Don's heart pounded, he could not believe she was going to do it.
The room service guy arrived and pushed the cart in. Miranda was waiting in the room in the towel as promised. The guys eyes lit up when he saw her, he was not shy, "Oh hello he said, with a strong accent." "You are very beautiful lady." He added. Miranda looked at him, he was not attractive, but his reaction to her turned her on. He couldn't take his eyes off her. "You are lucky man." The porter said to Don.
Don new he was not going to get very many opportunities like this. He had to try "hunny if you want show him more?" Miranda looked at her husband, she would have been mad at him if she had not been thinking the same thing. She reached up and undid the towel letting it fall to the floor.
She was shy for a second, but somehow the exhilaration of the moment made her brave. She was almost posing for him. "Ahhh yes, beautiful, said the man." To Don's shock the porter opened his arms and gave his naked wife a hug. Miranda instinctively hugged back, surprised by the embrace as well, but it just seemed so natural. He thanked them turned and left. Don stared at his naked wife almost in disbelief as to what just happened. Their breakfast sat cold on the table as Don fucked his wife who was so wet she was dripping.
After a late breakfast they headed back down to the pool. Don's head still spinning at the earlier events. His wife had been so horny, she actually wanted to go a second round, and unfortunately his body would not perform. He did not suggest the topless area, as he did not want to press his luck.
Miranda had thought about the topless area. She was still so horny, the image of that man looking at her body. She better not she thought, she was way to worked up and needed to relax. They spent most of the day at the pool. The weather was perfect, the drinks even better. Neither of which helped Miranda relax. She was still worked up. "Lets go back up, she suggested. As soon as they entered the room Miranda removed her bikini and laid down on the bed, motioning for her husband to join her. Don was definitely turned on and horny, he had not seen his wife this worked up in a long time but unfortunately, he could not rise to the occasion. He laid his wife back and buried his head between her legs. He loved how turned on she was, her body squirming with every touch. "Put your fingers, in me." She asked. He slid two fingers inside her and moved them in and out while he continued his assault with his tongue on her clit. Her hands reached out and grabbed as much hair as she could on her husband's head, and pulled him as deep as she could between her legs. She came strong and hard, the release she was looking for, she felt so good; they fell asleep together for a long afternoon nap.
Miranda got ready for dinner, feeling very sexy, she put on the blouse button down top without the bra she had worn the night they went out at home. She added a thigh high skirt, g-string, and some high heels. When she walked out of the bathroom, her husband whistled, he was always good at knowing when to complement her. As they walked through the hotel on the way to the restaurant, Miranda caught the attention of many of the men and some of the women. It was nighttime in Vegas so she was not the only one dressed to kill, but that didn't stop the looks. Dinner was fun and romantic, and afterwards, they held hands as they walked down the street, looking at the Vegas lights. Oddly enough they had never felt closer. Don thought of suggesting the swinger club again, but decided against it, there was always next time.
Not ready to go back to the hotel they stopped by a bar to have a few drinks and maybe some dessert. The bar was crowded, and they had to wait for a table. It was a small table, Miranda sat on the booth side and Don sat down in the chair. They ordered a bottle of wine, and some cheesecake. They where having fun, chatting, and people watching. Miranda made eye contact with a guy up at the bar. He looked at her and smiled, which made her blush. To quote a cliché he was tall dark and handsome, dressed sharp. They kept making eye contact with one another.
"What are you looking at?" asked Don.
"This guy at the bar keeps smiling at me." She said. Don wanted to look back, but decided against it.
"Smile back." He said. Miranda looked up and gave the man a nice smile. "Oh shit," she said, "He's walking over here."
"Hello, the man said, hope I am not being to forward, but they don't give table's out to parties of one, do you mind if I join you. Miranda did not answer but looked over at her husband.
"No not at all. I am Don, and this is my wife Miranda." His name was Andy, and he was in town on business. He sat down next to Miranda; the table was small, there bodies instantly touching. The small talk was easy; he made them feel very comfortable. Not paying any special attention to either one.
"So what brings you guys to Vegas." He asked. They told him how they where celebrating ten years, a fun break from the kids. "Congrad's." He said, "a little private grown up time is always fun." Miranda and Don looked up at each other and smiled. Andy caught their quick glance. "Looks like you guys have been naughty already." Andy said, while looking directly at Miranda causing her to blush. "Sorry, didn't mean to embarrass you, just know why most couples come to Vegas.
"Can I tell him?" Don asked his wife.
"If you want to." She said. "Don preceded to tell Andy their story about the room service guy, and how fun that had been.
"Wow that is a hot story." Andy said. Still looking over at Miranda, "That guy sure was lucky you are sexy."
"Thank you." Miranda said, taking another drink of wine. Don saw Andy's hand move under the table. He watched for his wife's expression to change, indicating he was touching her. It did not.
Miranda was passed buzzed; the effects of the wine completely relaxed her. She felt good and loved all the attention. She felt Andy's hand rest on her thigh over her skirt. She did not move, as she did not want to scare him off. She looked across the table at her husband. She wanted to tell him, but not sure how. Not being rejected Andy continued to massage her thigh, slowly pulling her skirt up until his hand was touching her skin.
"So what crazy stuff have you done?" Don asked Andy.
"Well if I tell you promise not to freak out."
"I guess." Said Don.
"I actually have seduced a couple of wives before." Don, looked at his wife, then at Andy.
"How did that go?" He asked.
"Fun for all." Andy replied. "In fact, I think I would like to seduce your wife, with your permission of course."
"You think she would go for that Don answered as if his wife was not even there."
"I do." Said Andy as both men looked over at Miranda for an answer.
"Don his hand is on my thigh." Don felt a lump in his throat. He wanted to dive under the table to see what was going on. He had trouble getting the next words out.
" Ummm, over the skirt?"
"Nope." Replied Miranda.
"And you are ok with this?
"Yes." She answered.
Miranda felt Andy's hand massage her thigh, moving higher and higher, she spread her legs slightly letting him know it was ok. His fingers explored her panties, and then gently went under them. He was feeling her bald wet pussy. It took everything she could muster to hold back her moan, and prevent from wiggling. She was so turned on, the image of the three of them in a bar, a strangers hand between her legs. Don saw the glaze over his wife's eyes, he was not sure what was going on under the table, but knew she was in heaven.
This was not her first time with a stranger at a bar. Once before she was married she had went to a club with some work friends. They introduced her to a guy, and before she new it they where in the back of his car in the parking lot, going at it. She remembered how horny she was that night and how easily he made her cum. She felt that way tonight as well. She wondered if Andy was as turned on as her. She reached her hand down under the table and placed it on Andy's lap. Immediately she felt his large cock pulsating through his pants.
Don saw his wife's hand move under the table, and could not stand it any more. "I have to ask, what's going on under the table?"
"Just some playful touching." Miranda said.
"How playful." Don asked.
"Well said, Andy, I know your wife is wearing a G-string." Don felt the bulge grow in his pants. Andy then leaned over and whispered something in Miranda's ear. Miranda, wiggled and giggled for a minute and then to Don's surprise, Andy's hand came back up over the table with Miranda's G-string, tucked in his hand. Don took it and put it in his pocket, and when he looked back up they were kissing.
Miranda felt electricity flow through her body as his hands pulled her close for their first kiss. Panty-less and bra-less she felt extra sexy and exposed as Andy's hand rested upon her chest, gently squeezing her breast through her shirt. The three of them almost at the same time realized they where still in a bar. They looked around to see if anyone had noticed. A couple in there 50's was sitting close by watching with their mouths literally open. Don said, "We should get out of here." They paid their bill and made their way for the door.
Andy and Miranda walked towards the hotel, arms wrapped around one another, every once in a while stopping to kiss and grope. Don followed them closely but was way to turned on to feel silly; he loved watching his wife's seduction before his eyes. Once inside the elevator the fun really began. Andy pushed Miranda against the back wall, there tongues darting in and out of each other's mouths, while his hands lifted up her skirt and exposed her naked ass. He reached up and undid the buttons on her blouse placing his hand inside and cupping her breast while continuing to kiss her passionately. Her breasts where almost falling out as the elevator opened and they walked towards the room. Had someone walked by they would have had a great view, as her blouse was undone down to her belly button.
They could hardly enter the room fast enough. Before the door was completely shut Miranda's shirt was removed. Her beautiful breasts where rock hard, nipples pointing straight out. Andy kissed her and pinched her nipples, which brought her down to her knees. She looked over at her husband, smiling and watching, as Andy undid his pants and pulled out his big cock. It was not the largest she had seen, but it was bigger then her husband, and was standing at full attention. Miranda held his large member in her hands as Andy finished removing his pants.
To Miranda's surprise, Andy was completely shaved, his naked balls dangling before her eyes. With her hands she lifted his shaft and stuck her tongue out licking, then sucking his balls. She kissed up the shaft and then Don watched as his wife took this strangers big dick in her mouth. She could hardly breath as he stretched out her lips. Yet she showed no signs of wanting to stop. Bobbing up and down making him moan with enjoyment. To Both Miranda and Don's surprise Andy came, shooting his load down her throat. It was so large and such a surprise some dribbled down her chin and onto her chest.
Andy pulled Miranda up, and gave her a deep kiss. He then laid her back on the bed and pulled her skirt off. Both men looked at her, lying there naked. You could see the fire in her eyes, as she looked at both of them, almost pleading for someone to fulfill her needs. Andy approached the bed and massaged her chest, her belly, and her thighs, moving his hands up, he spread her legs so wide, you could see her juices dripping. He placed two fingers deep inside her then pulled out and wiped her juices on his cock, which was quickly growing hard again. He pulled her towards him so her ass was at the edge of the bed, and placed her legs over his shoulders. While still standing he pressed his dick against her pussy lips. He moved in slowly and Miranda instantly felt her first orgasm of the night rush over her.
Andy fucked her the way she needed it. Hard. Don watched as his wife's moans and bouncing tits corresponded to each and every thrust. She moved her arms up above her head completely giving herself to this stranger. She felt another orgasm approaching, this one much stronger then the first. She looked over at her husband, there eyes connected and she smiled as her climax hit. It was very powerful. So much that she wiggled away from Andy. She curled her body up and enjoyed the powerful sensations, as they continued throughout her body. She felt a soft hand on her shoulder, and rolled over to see Andy lying naked next to her.
"Where not done are we? He asked. She looked up at her husband for an answer. "It up to you." He said.
She moved in and started kissing Andy again. This time she got on top. Straddling his big dick, she was still sensitive as it slowly went inside her. But soon the sensitivity subsided and he felt so good. She slid up and down on his big shaft as he held onto her breasts, pulling her nipples. Lost in time she continued to ride him enjoying every minute. Just when she thought she was close to coming again. He pulled her off and spun her around, entering her pussy from behind.
Normally she could not handle someone this big from this position, but tonight, she was so horny, and he felt so good. He reached his hand around and began stroking her clit as his cock continued to fuck her. She felt two small orgasms one right after the other as he rubbed her clit. She fell over onto her back drenched in sweat. To Don it was one of the sexiest sites he had ever seen, his wife completely exhausted, used, but Andy was not done.
He mounted her again, this time his body lying on top of her. Ever since her first time Miranda has loved the feeling of being pinned under a man. Andy was good; he grabbed her wrists and held her arms above her head. Forcing his weight down upon her, while slamming his cock between her legs. Don watched as his wife's breasts where squished between the two of them. Miranda wrapped her legs around him, pulling him in as close as she could. He continued his steady pounding, without stopping for a good ten minutes before he announced he was going to explode. Miranda raised her legs up in the air. Ready for him to explode inside her, but Andy pulled himself out and sprayed his hot cum all over her belly
Andy fell onto his back exhausted as well. Don watched the two of them breathing heavy on the bed. He was hard as hell but had not removed his clothing as he was so caught up watching. Miranda sat up and excused herself to the rest room. Andy turned to Don and said, "You are a lucky man, she is a very special lady." When Miranda returned, Andy went to the rest room.
Don joined his naked wife on the bed. "How do you feel?" he asked. "Wonderful." she responded. He traced his hand over her body.
"How about you? She asked.
"That was amazing." He said.
"No regrets? She asked.
"None." They started kissing and Miranda helped her husband get undressed. As Andy returned Don was already fucking his wife.
It was Andy's turn to watch as Don and Miranda made love. She felt so good to Don, her body warm, pussy wet, he slid in easy and she responded to his every touch. It did not take him long to release his load, deep inside her.
"You guys are a special couple." Andy said.
"Thank you." They said at the same time.