It was almost three days since Alan had fucked me in my marital bed. I'd sent him a few pics and a text telling him that when my husband came home, I kissed him passionately with a lot of tongue as he unknowingly tasted Alan's cock and large deposit of spicy spunk.
Alan replied that I was a good slut and would get rewarded when my husband was out next.
I informed Alan that my husband would be away on business on Monday and Tuesday, so if he wished, my pussy and ass were all his for two whole days and nights.
Alan replied that I should get my outfit and music sorted as the guys would be coming around Monday to watch my striptease then gang fuck me afterwards.
I squeezed my thighs together, squirming at the thought of doing a striptease and gangbang on the same evening.
I decided I would go into town tomorrow and pay a visit to the sexshop I've been using and get a few ideas for outfits.
I awoke about 8:00 am and after a vigorous shower where I ensured my legs and pussy were shaved smooth, I dried off and rubbed coconut oil into my tanned skin.
I was heading to the sex shop today to pick up a couple of slut outfits, and preened myself so I could try a few items on. The young guy in the sex shop has been very friendly and helpful and I was toying with the idea of trying on a few outfits and parading around his shop in them to ask his opinion and to tease the living daylights out of him.
I put on my see through quarter cup bra, showing my erect nipples perfectly. I put on a very tight see through thong, which was so transparent, the slit of my shaved pussy was clearly visible, added to the fact this was tiny and tight forming a magnificent camel toe if I say so myself.
I slipped a pair of 6 inch Jimmy Choo high heeled sandals that fastened at the ankle, displaying my pedicured painted toenails, in slutty red of course. I slipped over my a tight cling black top with a v neck, showing just enough cleavage to attract attention and the erectness of my nipples poking against the thin gossamer top, then attention would certainly be heading in my direction.
I stepped into a tight black leather pencil skirt, zipping the skirt and fastening the button on the waistband. I looked at my reflection and shook my head. Why does my husband not paw at me, I looked incredibly hot and was about to step out into the outside and prove it. Picking up my handbag and car keys, I left the house and drove the shortest distance to town. Parking near the sex shop was quite easy as it was located in rundown area of the city center.
Locking my car I took the short walk to the sex shop. I pushed the darkened glass door open and stepped inside to find Mark the young sales guy behind the counter. He looked up and smiled at me.
"Have you come for some more exciting products?" He asked inquisitively.
"Actually Mark I want some new outfits and was hoping you could help me choose!" I smiled tapping my long taloned nails on the glass counter.
"I'd be delighted to help such a sexy woman!" He smiled "How do you want to do this? Do you want me to select them or are you going to model them?"
"I'd prefer to model them if that's alright!" I smiled licking my glossed lips.
"You select what you'd like to try on and you can use the special customer changing room at the back of the shop!" Mark smiled leading me over to the sexy lingerie and fetish outfits.
My hand touched a black soft leather basque with no bra cups exposing your full breast. I picked this up smiling at Mark. Next I picked up a bright red PVC Waspie with six garter straps. I picked up the quarter cup bra that matched the waspie, smiling teasingly at Mark. I walked over to the stockings section and looked at Mark.
"What do you think? Fishnet Stockings or Sheer Nylon Stockings?" I smiled.
"Why not take both? If you like the outfits I'll throw in the stockings free!" Mark smiled.
I touched his cheek gently letting my nails glide across his face.
"Aren't you a sweetie!" I smiled "Show me where this changing room is and we can start the erotic fashion show!"
PVC or Latex would never be in my choice but something about my current situation made the choice of material with its kinky and slutty association seem totally appropriate. Being a hot cumslut is about attitude as much as anything and these clothes would certainly provide attitude.
Mark locked the door of the shop, which I found a little strange, then guided to the rear of the shop to a rather opulent changing room. This was painted in a light grey with the most perfect lighting. There were full length mirrors on two of the walls with the other two being bare.
There were six holes around the room at waist height, which at that point didn't really concern me. There was a small sofa on side of the room with a coat stand next to it. I placed the lingerie on the sofa and Mark said.
"You sort yourself out. I'll be just outside if you need me!" He winked confidently at me, then went out of the room, closing the door slowly.
I stripped down to my bra and thong the picked up the fake soft leather corset. I fasted all of the book and eyes at the back, pleased in the knowledge that this skintight garment was cinching my waist, making me look extra curvy.
I removed my bra and thong and realised the my breasts and shaved pussy would be on full display when I paraded before Mark, teasing him with my erotic lingerie and exposed body. I placed the black sheer nylon stockings on my legs, fastening the garter straps to the stockings. Placing my feet back into my Jimmy Choos, I looked at my reflection and felt my pussy tingle at the slut outfit I was adorning. My breasts were exposed with my nipples standing out like chapel coat pegs. My smooth shaved pussy was framed by the black lingerie, enhancing my hairless slit. I gave my pussy a gentle stroke for confidence, then burst out of the room.
Mark stood with his mouth wide open, staring at my slut lingerie, shaved pussy and exposed tits.
"Fucking wow!" Was all that tumbled from his mouth.
I smiled saucily noticing the prominent bulge in his jeans which was making my stomach turn with excitement and my pussy tingle.
"Does this look sexy enough?" I teased.
"More than you'll ever know!" He exclaimed.
"Would it turn on lots of guys?" I continued with my tease.
"If the glory holes were open you would be drenched in spunk by now, that's how horny you look!"
I looked at Mark genuinely innocent and asked.
"What's a glory hole?"
Mark grinned and began to explain.
"That changing room is usually used by customers who bring their wives in to wear various outfits and guys poke their hard cocks through the glory holes and the wife will suck the cock or in some cases she will lean against the cock and allow it to fuck her. The exciting thing for her is that she does not know who she has just sucked or fucked!"
This aroused me so much I thought I was going to come on the spot. My face flushed and my chest heaved with sexual excitement.
Mark picked up on this and offered.
"If you ever want to do that let me know and I'll get some customers in and you can have some anonymous fun, but I should warn you that I would definitely be one of the glory hole cocks as you're easily the sexiest customer I have!" I walked over to Mark and stroked his impressive bulge.
"Get two more guys here now and I'll suck and fuck them all, but they need to here in 10 minutes!" I demanded.
Mark dashed back to the checkout and picked up the phone notifying guys that a hot slut was in the shop and needed cock inside her immediately.
Mark returned to the back of the shop to find me playing with the rampant rabbit vibrator. The clit stimulator was delighting my blood engorged clitoris as the rabbit was vibrating wonderfully inside my cunt. Mark smiled saying,
"That toy is on the house! Three guys will be here in a few minutes. Do you want to get in the room so they can remain anonymous or do you want to see them!"
"I want the full experience so they must remain anonymous!" I smiled stroking Marks bulge as the wife rabbit went to work.
"Go into the room now and play with the rabbit. It will help the guys get hard, though with you that should not be a problem!" Mark grinned.
"I'll just have a little orgasm here, to get me warmed up!" I smiled pushing the rabbit deep inside my pussy "Make sure you're the first to fuck me!" I stated, watching Mark's face flush with excitement.
"Who knows. If I'm turned on enough, I may just let you stick that hard cock in my tight asshole!" I teased sliding the rabbit in and out of my tight cunt.
Mark swallowed hastily, nodding his head in agreement, staring at the sex toy stretching my shaved pussy.
I turned the clit stimulator around so that it was flickering around my rosebud, causing me to squirm with pleasure. My orgasm arrived as I panted my way through a very deep and satisfying orgasm. Smiling at Mark I removed the rabbit from my pussy and licked my cum off the toy.
"I'll be in the room continuing this until the cocks arrive!" I said, going into the changing room and closing the door behind me.
I lay on the small sofa, opening my legs and raising them up, then sliding the rabbit back inside my pussy. I let out a small moan as the buzzing pleasure pushed my arousal up one notch.
As the rabbit slid in and out of my shaved pussy, providing my clitoris and labia with a delicious buzzing excitement, I tossed my head back with my mouth open, groaning with pleasure, I heard footsteps shuffling on the other side of the mirrored wall.
My excitement increased knowing that my masturbation show was now being watched by strangers.
My back was arched, thrusting my breasts forward as I opened my legs further and raised them a little higher showing my stretched cunt with the rabbit inside and my puckered ring, moving with each thrust of the rabbit. I was looking into the mirror, staring at my reflection with half closed orgasmic eyes, knowing that men were viewing me acting a total slut.
My orgasm was close now and it arrived noisily as the first hard cock was pushed through the glory hole.
The cock was large with huge veins running up the shaft. This was at least eight inches long but the girth was almost frightening. I walked over to and began to stroke the huge cock gently, tapping my long nails softly on the purple glans.
A second cock was pushed through the hole next to this one. This cock was ebony black but not as big as the first cock, but impressive nonetheless.
I stroked my first ever black cock excitedly. I turned my back to the wall and pushed my ass and pussy toward the huge cock. The cock slid up and down my smooth slit, opening my pussy and pressing against my hole. I pulled my pussylips apart and slid the monster cock into my hungry cunt. A huge sexual moan of satisfaction left my lips as the heat of the huge cock, gave me pain and pleasure as I slowly fucked the massive length, still holding and stroking the black cock.
The cock in my pussy would twitch and throb, almost like a huge cock pulse, sending the most delightful sensations deep in my pussy as the huge head banged at my cervix.
I looked at my reflection in the mirror, a cock deep in my pussy and a shiny black with my feline white hand gripping the shaft. My outfit and the activities were outrageously wicked. I was a cockslut cheating whore, being sexually satisfied by anonymous cocks.
I came the most vocal orgasm I've ever experienced, backing on to the large hard cock.
"Give me your cock! I need more cock!" I panted loudly.
As my orgasm passed, I looked over at the black cock and decided it was time to taste my first ebony length.
I walked forward as the huge cock slid out of my tight drenched hole. I knelt in front of the black cock, mesmerised by it's shiny veined beauty. Stroking the length slowly, I licked my lips in anticipation and slid my mouth over the tip, tonguing the hard helmet in a worshipful daze.
I could now see the big attraction with black cocks. They're normally larger but the shiny soft skin with the rock hard flesh, plus the contrast of black flesh on white flesh, it was obvious why they were such an attraction to white women.
The black tasted musky and macho. The cock slid forward as my mouth covered as much of the shaft as possible. My tongue was on the underside of the cock as I began to roll my tongue, pushing the tip toward his huge hairless balls.
The black cock began to fuck my mouth enthusiastically. I sucked this cock voraciously for five full minutes when I felt the familiar twitch of a cock about to unload. I clamped my mouth over the cock in anticipation of the oncoming spunk onslaught. He most certainly did not disappoint.
The tangiest, spiciest hot spunk flooded my mouth in colossal spurts. Five strong spurts shot to the back of my throat with such force, that it was impossible to swallow the load. Some of his spunk was dribbling out of my mouth as I sucked the black cock almost lovingly. His spunk was running down my chin, when I took the cock out of my mouth, still holding the shaft, I began to scoop all of the stray spunk off my chin and smeared it on the ebony shaft. I flicked my tongue up and down the length, removing the spunk in the process, ensuring this magnificent specimen of manhood was pristine.
The black cock slid out of the glory to be replaced by the large cock that had just been fucking me.
I held the base of the shaft and began to slowly delight this cock my delicate tongue action. My pussy was craving attention, which was impossible to attend too due to the glory hole position.
I was giving the blowjob of my life and needed a cock inside me desperately.
I removed the cock from my mouth and almost screamed.
"Can you all come in here and fuck me!"
The cock disappeared from the glory hole as the sound of shuffling behind the mirror began to intrigue me. I climbed on to the sofa and plunged the rabbit inside my pussy.
The door of the room burst open as Mark with the huge hard cock walked in the room. Another tall white guy who I'd soon know to be called Steve walked in. The next guy who followed turned out to be a big surprise.
The black guy walked in and I was shocked to see Ray my postman standing before me with his beautiful black cock hanging from his flies. He was smiling knowingly and I looked into his eyes, telepathically letting him know that my body could be used anytime he wants.
Steve the tall guy began to undress first as Mark and Ray removed the remainder of their clothing.
Steve was a tremendous surprise as he turned his naked body toward me, sporting what must have been an eleven inch erection. I couldn't take my lustful eyes from this incredible specimen and desperately needed to feel this magnificent length inside my pussy.
I signalled Steve to come over to the sofa as I unplugged the rabbit and open my legs wide, showing the room my shaved slit and gaping pink hole. Steve knelt on the floor holding his enormous cock at the base. His blood engorged helmet was at my pussy opening as I opened my legs even further, inviting his cock to fuck me.
I slid forward slightly as the tip of his cock inched between my pussylips. I sighed a contented sigh as his cock began to push into my cunt. I looked down at my stretched pussy to find only a couple of inches left to fill me to the brim. I began to rock my hips and ride his cock as the last two inches slid inside me, his cock banging my cervix and giving me a sense of fullness I never thought possible.
My eyes were rolling with pure lust and my breathing got shorter. I was steadily on my way to the most fantastic orgasm ever, as Steve's wonder cock stretched and filled me.
"Oh fuck! Yes! Make me come and I'll be your slut!" I screamed as the monster cock pleasured me.
My orgasm began as the two other guys joined me on the sofa, taking a breast each and delicately licking my rock hard nipples. This was too much and I squirted shower of female ejaculate all over Steve's tight stomach. I was throwing my head back and forth, rolling my eyes in sheer ecstasy, screaming for Steve to fuck me.
"I love your outfit, you dirty slut!" Steve said in a very deep voice.
"I'm going to let her keep it if she comes in next week and fucks us all again?" Mark laughed.
"I'll do anything for this cock!" I squealed "Mark fuck my ass!" I demanded as Steve held my legs and picked me up, with his huge deep in my pussy as he scooped up and sat on the sofa with me riding his huge cock.
Mark knelt behind me and pulled my ass cheeks apart to view my asshole.
"Fucking hell Steve you're really stretching the whores pussy!"
His words and the feeling of being stretched sent me into another orgasm as I rode Steve's cock like a rampant slut.
Mark ran his finger in a circle around my puckered asshole, as he slid the tip of his finger inside my rosebud.
This was incredibly horny but nothing compared to what he did next.
With my cheeks held wide open, Mark spat on my asshole, lubricating my hole ready for his huge cock.
I squirmed with sexual delight as he treat me like a dirty cheating slut.
His cock nudged at my tight asshole and instantly it slid inside me no resistance whatsoever.
The erotic feeling of a huge cock in my pussy with a huge cock now in my ass, was leaving me breathless with passion. Steve was playing with my exposed tits, twisting my erect nipples with a mix of sharp pain and extreme pleasure.
"Ray!" I panted "Give me your cock to suck!" I demanded.
"Not until you've tongued my ass and sucked my balls!" He ordered.
Ray back his ass into my face and I instinctively began to lick the asshole of my black postman. Ray squirmed with pleasure saying.
"Fuck yeah bitch! Lick my asshole!"
I did this diligently, running my tongue around his black rim, then pushing my tongue, making it wriggle in his ass, hearing him groan with pleasure.
This felt dirty, naughty, horny, sexy and so right.
Three cocks to keep me satisfied and all wanting me was an ego boost of the highest sexual magnitude.
This felt out of this world and if Alan's friends gang-bang me soon, and I'm not sure I could cope with the intense sexual pleasure.
A warm familiar feeling was occurring in my asshole as Mark began to pump his seed deep inside my ass.
His groans during his orgasm were a marvellous sense of achievement for me.
"Take my spunk bitch!" Mark said with his cock spewing a copious load of spunk into my bowels.
Mark slid his cock out of my ass, laughed proudly and said.
"Ray the sluts ass has just been cream-pied for you!"
Ray moved from the front of me, holding his large black cock, he positioned himself at my asshole, and without any prompting, slammed his black mamba straight into my asshole.
As his cock plunged inside me, some of Mark's spunk squeezed out coating both his cock and Steve's wonder cock.
My eyes were rolling with divine lust, having an enormous cock fuck my pussy and my first ever black cock pound my ass.
I looked over at the reflection of me being fucked in my sexy tight basque with sheer seamed stockings, watching two cocks slide in and out of me, my breasts and nipples being destroyed wonderfully by Steve's lust and my ass being manhandled by Ray's large hands as his black cock effortlessly fucked my ass.
This sight triggered a delicious orgasm, which these two serious cocksman picked up on and kept my state of arousal at such a peak, that the orgasm seemed as if it were never going to end.
The nasty names they were calling me, were delighting me more than I ever thought possible.
"You're such a cockslut!"
"You love big cocks in your cheating cunt!"
"We're going to triple fuck you every week, you unfaithful whore!"
"I'm going to spunk in your mouth slut!"
"Take my cock you dirty slut!"
These were just some of the phrases said to me as the two huge cocks defiled my married holes.
I screamed Yes! To every single line spoken, trying to get the spunk out of their cocks and inside me.
They could deposit the spunk in any hole they wished, as long as their loads emptied somewhere inside me.
I felt Ray's cock twitch first as a heavy spurt of his hot seed warmed the inner walls of my ass.
Thrusting and spurting, his cock emptied his entire load deep in my ass. I orgasmed gratefully as Ray's cock continued to fuck my ass in his post orgasmic bliss.
His erection began to deplete, as he carefully unplugged his cock from my ass.
My gaping asshole enjoyed the cool air of freedom, as a little trickle of spunk seeped out of my ass, covering Steve's cock as he continued stretching my pussy with wondercock!
Steve looked me in the eye and smiled.
"I'm about to come in your mouth slut!" He snarled.
I jumped off his huge weapon and knelt before him. He held his throbbing cock at my lips as I held my head back and opened my mouth ready for the downpour. The head of his cock rested on my tongue as the most unbelievable amount of spunk I've ever encountered, began to spew into my cock hungry mouth.
Steve was a one man bukkake party, flooding my swallowing throat with so much hot creamy seed.
My tongue was rolling around the huge glans, as his salty seed poured down my throat.
Without any contact to my pussy, ass or tits, I achieved a fabulous orgasm just swallowing Steve's spunk.
All of the guys surrounded me now, expecting me to clean their semi erect cocks, which as a good dirty slut I willingly obliged.
"You can have both outfits babe!" Mark said "Are you interested in coming round once a fortnight for a gloryhole session?"
"How about once a week!" I smiled.
"Do you want more guys?" Mark enquired.
"Whatever you think lover!" I smiled holding Ray's now erect black cock "They'll all wear condoms but can come on my face and tits!" I declared.
"I'll fuck you at your home when I'm making a delivery!" Ray smiled positioning me to slide his black cock in my pussy.
"I'll be dressed waiting for you and looking forward to it Ray!" I smiled, feeling his large cock fill my pussy, throwing my stockinged legs around his muscular black back.
"I heard the Postman always comes twice!" I joked as Ray fucked my slut pussy with my first ever black cock.
I love being a slut!