Ch. 8: The Family Gathering
Author's notes:
1. This story follows on from my previous story 'Mixed Emotions' in which the characters are introduced and developed. It is strongly recommended that 'Mixed Emotions' is read first.
2. This is a work of fiction. The activities and practices described in this series are neither condoned nor recommended. If you choose to do anything described in real life with real people you do so at your own risk.
3. All characters are fictional and any likeness to any living person is purely coincidental.
4. The chapters are numbered in a sequence for a reason. It is recommended that they be read in numerical order.
--------------------------------------------
At last the day had arrived. At breakfast Marcie briefed the residents on the weekend's program.
"It's the big weekend, at last. So here's the overview for you. Local family members will arrive sometime this afternoon while those from out of town should start arriving about midday. Greg will be collecting some from the airport so here's the schedule for you, sweetheart," said Marcie handing Greg a printed sheet. "Use the people carrier. Trudi, Todd, Dana, Chris, Becks and Gabby, I'll need you around here to meet and greet the guests, settle them into their rooms, here's the room schedule," another printed list, this time for Todd, "And then they can be given refreshments by the pool. Chris, can you just give the pool a last minute check, make sure the pH is correct and there's no leaves in it. We have printed programs for the guests as well as plans of the place so they don't get lost and these will be in their bags, along with a few other goodies. One of those goodies is a commemorative ring. On Sunday a piercer will be here to fit these rings if people want them fitted. That's all explained in the leaflet and there will be a booking list for the piercer."
"Now, there is one thing. Some of the guests may not be comfortable about running around naked at first. We're used to it and think nothing of it," she glanced around the table at eight naked chests, "I think those of our relations who have been raised here will be quite happy with the idea. However, their partners may be a little shy at first. So when they arrive please give them each a pool wrap for them to put on if they wish. It's explained in their leaflets anyway. As usual in naturist spas, please ensure that you and they sit or lie on towels. Just a health precaution. As for what you wear when you greet them, I suggest a brief covering of genitals would be a good idea, maybe a pool wrap, a brief bikini thong, a cock pouch for guys, something that indicates respect for them while also indicating that nakedness is both acceptable and expected. It's quite possible that this message will have already been received by them and they will be really keen to strip off. If that's the case, then encourage them. Of course you'll need to wear real clothes to collect people from the airport, Greg, otherwise you'll probably be arrested.
"I'm not allocating any person any specific job; just fill in as you need to. When people start gathering under the shade sails by the pool can you all please ensure that they are served drinks. There is a supply of beer, wine, non-alcoholic drinks and water in the drink cooler outside. Can you all please make certain that it is kept full."
"So what is the overall program again?" asked Trudi.
"This afternoon is a simple meet and greet. Let everyone get to know each other. After all, it is many years in some cases since we saw these people and we haven't even met some of their partners and children. Then we have dinner poolside, then an informal time when we can use the spa facilities. We have the run of the whole place, there are no outside bookings this weekend. So we can help our guests sample the delights of the spa pool, massage rooms, Sybian room and, of course, the Dungeon.
"Damian, Dana's son, turned 18 last week and he and his girlfriend Rosie, who turned 18 three weeks ago have held off consummating their relationship until tonight, when they will do that in the rooms adjacent to the Dungeon. I'm sure Dana and Gabby remember their first times in the Dungeon don't you?" Dana and Todd, and Chris and Gabby smiled at each other at the memories from over 25 years ago. "And Amy, Gabby's daughter, turns 18 today and she'll celebrate her coming of age with her 19 year old partner Jeff, also in the Dungeon area. So it's fortunate that we have expanded and subdivided that area into the main room plus two private suites, each with ensuite bathrooms and king size beds.
"So once Damian and Amy have occupied their respective suites, the Dungeon is off-limits for the rest of the group and informal activities can continue upstairs for as long as people like. Obviously they can go to bed with whoever they wish whenever they wish. We certainly won't be policing that. Incidentally, Damian, Amy and their partners will be in normal rooms upstairs after Friday night so the Dungeon will be available for the remainder of the weekend.
"I'm picking Saturday morning will be a slow start so there will be a buffet breakfast from 8am. Thanks Pam for volunteering to arrange that. The morning is free and then after the buffet breakfast turns into a buffet lunch, which Greg and I will organise, at around 1-2pm there will be more formal Dungeon activities for those who wish to experience these. I'm counting on you younger people to supervise these and possibly demonstrate and administer these experiences. Remember for some newbies these may be very intimidating, so be gentle.
"Saturday night after dinner at about 8pm, we all head off to 'Dana's' for the 25th anniversary celebrations. We've organised a shuttle minibus service to transport us there and back whenever we wish to attend or leave. Needless to say there is no entry or any other fees for anyone in the extended family for anything. People can return when they wish from the celebrations.
"Now, a special note here for Peta, Jordan and Steve who have young children, dare I say it, Pam, Greg and my great-grandchildren. There will be a babysitting service here for those children for the entire weekend. The children will be accommodated in Pam's end of the building away from the noise and people at this end. This means that their parents can enjoy the weekend fully without concerns for their young ones.
"Sunday morning will again be late I'm picking and meals will be available as for Saturday. By Sunday afternoon people will be starting to leave, although some, I know, are staying until Monday. So that's about it. It's all on the leaflets and details will be provided on the whiteboard by the spa pool. I'll be updating these as necessary during the weekend so, please check there frequently. Any questions?"
"How will Peta and Steve get on with breastfeeding their babies during the weekend?" asked Gabby.
"Well, either they can arrange to breastfeed when they are here or can express breast milk for the babysitter to feed them from a bottle. There will also be formula available for the baby sitters to use. I'll have a chat with them when they arrive."
How many people will be here all told?" asked Todd.
"About 28 from last count including kids and babies. Of course you can't always tell with these families. Some may also bring polyamory partners, who knows? But whatever, we've the space to accommodate them. If there are polyamory triples there's no problems because of the huge beds in the rooms, and if there are quads then we'll have to use the adjoining rooms 20 and 21 or 22 and 23 and open the door between those rooms. After all, that's why they were designed like that."
"What's the policy about sex in public areas?" asked Becks
"Take what you can get, when you can get it, where it's offered," replied Marcie with a grin. "No rules except that it must be consensual. Of course, that excludes rape role play, but just make sure that it is role play, not real. Remember, there will be a safe word for the weekend – pomegranate – and that is in the leaflet and will also be on the white board and told to people during the initial briefing. There won't be any 'difficult aged' kids, like between about eight and fourteen, everyone is either an adult or a baby. Amy's the youngest adult at 18; Michelle's the oldest child at two. So there won't be any difficult questions for anyone to have to answer. As regards sexual partners, basically you can have sex with anyone who wants to have sex with you. Remember to use condoms unless you know the person well.
"I forgot to mention that this evening and tomorrow afternoon we will be offering inductions into the polyamory club. These are the usual ball stretching, tapered dildo with roller skates inductions so we may get quite a few wanting those, and probably a lot will wish to watch them as well."
There were no further questions.
Marcie and Pam were lying in the shade by the pool when Greg returned after the first collection from the airport.
"Alright for some," he said with a smile, "It's stifling out at the airport. All that tarmac heated by the sun makes it an oven." He helped himself to a cool lemonade, removed his clothes and lay on a recliner next to Marcie.
"Isn't it amazing to think that we started all this," she said to Greg. "Incredible that our kids and grandkids have matured and developed into, well, I guess into real people just like us."
"Yeah, I guess you could say that it all started because I was a lousy lover," Greg smiled ruefully. (See 'Mixed Emotions' Ch 1)
Marcie laughed. "I guess so. Amazing what wonderful things come from dubious beginnings. Just think how many lives we've affected because of that. It's great to have people come back and tell us the wonderfully beneficial effects that we or our family members have had on their lives."
"Well, Marcie," said Pam, lying beside Marcie on a recliner, "As well as all we've accomplished, I think we also need to look back and see how much fun we've had doing it. I've really loved every minute of the whole adventure. I just wish David was still here now to enjoy this reunion."
"Yes, it was very sad when David passed. He would certainly have enjoyed this little gathering. Looks like Peta's arrived."
A small child dragged a woman who looked remarkably like Dana and was cuddling a very young child, towards them, throwing herself onto Marcie when she arrived.
"Gragrammy, gragrammy," she said, cuddling into Marcie's chest.
"Hello, Michelle," said Marcie, cuddling the child. "My how you've grown since I saw you as a baby." She turned to the woman. "Hi Peta. How're you keeping? Hasn't she grown! How's little Neil doing?"
"Yes, she's growing up so fast. Mum says she's doing really well, just as I did when I was her age. Neil's fine, eating like a horse and putting on weight. Justin's tied up at work for a bit longer so will be out later."
"That's great that Neil's doing well. I remember when you were Michelle's age," replied Marcie, "Dana and Todd were so very proud of you. And look how you've grown up now! You are so similar to Dana when she was your age. Don't you think so, Greg?"
Michelle moved her attention to Greg, cuddling into his hairy chest and contentedly sucking her thumb.
"Yes, very similar," he agreed. "So what have you been up to recently, when you haven't been looking after Michelle and Neil of course?"
"Well, they take up most of my time but I've been working on getting my pre-baby figure back and increasing my fitness so I can return to working at 'Dana's' again."
"Very pleased to hear it," commented Marcie, "I'm sure that everyone's missing you there. You were one of the most popular dancers, just like your mother before you. One thing that people liked about you and Dana, and Becks and Trudi I seem to remember, was that you seemed to really enjoy pain, which went down very well on the BDSM nights."
"Ooohhh yes, I do really like pain. It turns me on so good. Are we having a Dungeon evening tonight?"
"Yes, definitely,but only a short one tonight. We have tomorrow afternoon set aside as well" replied Marcie. "Followed by an orgy after our visit to 'Dana's', I expect," added Greg.
"Terrific. Grandad, do you think you'll be up to fucking me again please? It seems so long since you did."
"Well, I'll have to have a look in my appointment book and see if I have a space," he replied grinning.
Peta reached down and gave his cock and balls a playful squeeze, eliciting an instant response from his cock.
"Looks like he's keen to see me anyway," she said, eyeing his rapidly stiffening cock, "You giving away samples?"
"Help yourself."
Peta stretched her leg across Greg to straddle him, which stretched her pussy wide, then slowly sat down, guiding his now rigid cock into her cunt.
"Ooohh, that feels nice," she said, rocking her hips back and forth to increase the pleasure.
"Remember it's just a sample," said Marcie, "You'll wear the poor old guy out and he won't have anything left for the weekend."
Greg gave Marcie's arse a light slap.
"Watch who you're calling old, girl," he growled good-naturedly.
Peta rocked for a few more seconds then lifted herself off his cock and stepped back to one side of the chair, bending down and giving his cock a kiss.
"More later," she said with a wink.
Dana arrived with her drink and dragged a chair over next to Greg, noticing her father's glistening erect cock.
"Thanks, Mum," said Peta, settling into the chair and putting Neil to her breast.
"That's OK. I see you've already been sampling the wares," joked Dana.
"You know me, can't resist a hard cock on a hot body. Must be in my genes. Anyway, is anything special happening for Damian's coming of age tonight?"
"Oh yes, and Amy's as well," replied Marcie. "We haven't forgotten and although Amy turned eighteen a couple of days ago I don't think she and Jeff have done the deed yet so that will be two couples who lose their virginities tonight. Should be a great evening. Each couple is spending the night in one of the suites off the Dungeon."
"So pleased that Amy and Jeff will get to celebrate her coming of age tonight too," said Pam. "I know they hoped for something like this and refrained from having sex just so they could be initiated in the Dungeon, like her mother was."
Todd came over and Michelle sat up. "Ganda," she cried, reaching out to him with both arms.
"Hello precious," replied Todd, picking her up. "I hope she's not being a bother," he said to Greg and Marcie.
"Not at all. She's just beautiful. You and Dana produced wonderful babies who grew into wonderful adults. Now they are having children and who are just gorgeous. If you go back one generation, it's really because of me," joked Greg.
Marcie gave him a dig in the ribs with her elbow.
"Well, I'd better go and collect another load from the airport," said Greg, standing up and pulling on his clothes again. "See you soon." He bent down and gave Marcie a kiss, then walked into the house.
Todd sat down on the vacant chair and looked at the woman coming out of the house.
"I'm sure I know that woman," he said. "Isn't that Julie?"
Marcie and Dana looked around and recognised Julie, who had left about twenty years earlier.
"Julie," called Marcie, standing up and walking quickly to greet her. "Great to see you again."
The two women hugged each other for several minutes.
"It's awesome to be back," said Julie with tears in her eyes. "Hi Dana, hi Todd," she said, giving each a long hug.
Todd drew up a chair and Julie sat.
"So what's been happening over the past twenty years?" asked Dana. "We were so sad when you left so suddenly. We still don't know why but that's OK. It's really great to see you. How did you find out about our gathering?"
"So many questions, so few answers," said Julie, her eyes still tearing. "I don't know why I left. Possibly the worst mistake I ever made, then I was too ashamed to come back. It took a lot of courage for me to come here today, but already I'm so pleased I did. What have I been doing? Well, I headed down south, shacked up with a few guys, worked as a stripper and prostitute for a while, got pregnant from a drunken orgy one night, adopted the child, a cute little girl, out to a loving couple, and have generally been living off the land, so to speak. It's been fun, but sometimes I really miss the companionship and loving that I received when I was here. I guess I'm just one of those restless souls always seeking something else."
They chatted for a while, catching Julie up with what had been happening. Julie had been keeping up to date with news of 'Dana's' through the strip club network and that was how she learned of the reunion. She'd spent the last few days hitching back 'home', as she called it. She had no fixed partner, and found that very lonely, but had no problems attracting casual sex partners, being a sexy, good-looking woman still. What she really missed most was the sense of purpose and belonging that she had felt when she lived here before.
"Why don't you come back and live here again?" asked Marcie.
Julie broke down; the barely repressed tears flowed freely and she hugged Marcie to her. Eventually she was able to speak.
"Would you really accept me back again?" she asked.
"Of course we would. You are very welcome to return, no pressure to stay or anything. We love you and would be very happy to have you back in the fold."
More tears flowed. At last Julie rested peacefully in Marcie's arms. She let out a long, shuddering sigh.
"Thank you. Thank you so much. You don't know what it means to be accepted for who and what I am. Thank you."
Marcie and Julie separated.
"Dana, can you help Julie to her room please. No, on second thoughts, can you show her to Greg and my room please. I'm sure that Greg will like having a surprise guest in his bed tonight. Where is all your stuff, Julie?"
"I'm used to travelling light. I have a back pack and small handbag, that's it."
"Oh, OK. Dana, can you collect those from the entrance and take them to our room as well. Thanks. Julie, would you like to stay here while Dana does that? You know where they'll be, we're still in the same room as before."
"Thanks, Dana. I'll stay here. I'd love a drink."
Marcie beckoned for a drink and Julie sat back and rested in a recliner. She and Marcie shared all that had happened in their lives, Julie talking of her loneliness and frustration, as well as the good times on the road and the fun times with people she met along the way. Marcie told her how 'Dana's' had expanded and moved, how wonderfully well the school sex education programs had developed, much of it thanks to Julie's hard work when they were starting. Julie loved hearing about all the grandchildren and great grandchildren Marcie, Greg and Pam had, and was deeply sorry when told of David's recent death. They were still talking when Greg reappeared. He stopped a few feet away.
"Julie, is that really you?"
Julie looked up and jumped into his arms, the two past lovers kissing and cuddling like there was no tomorrow.
"Oh darling, I've missed you so much," said Greg.
"I've missed you too, sweetheart," replied Julie, "But if you'll have me back I'd really love to share your bed with you tonight, and maybe forever."
"Of course I'll have you back. I guess you've told Marcie everything that's happened, so now you'll just have to repeat it for me."
Greg dragged another chair over, sat down, called for a beer and he and Julie chatted like the old friends they were, Marcie listening to Julie's story once again.
A short time later Gabby, Todd, Dana, Chris, Trudi and Becks gathered around and were chatting with Julie, introducing her to their children and their partners and to the grandchildren when the opportunity arose.
Gradually more people arrived and came to speak with their hosts, Marcie, Pam and Greg, so Julie met everyone there. They were fascinated to hear snippets of Julie's stories and they could all see that she was going to be really popular this weekend.
Marcie and Greg wandered away from the group surrounding Julie and dived into the pool, swimming a couple of lengths before resting against the wall together in the shallow end.
"I told Julie that she could share our bed tonight, just like old times," said Marcie, "I hope that was OK."
"Of course it is, darling, just so long as you don't mind when I fuck her brains out tonight."
"I wouldn't have expected anything else from you," replied Marcie with a grin, "Let's have a feel of what she'll be getting."
Marcie reached for Greg's cock underwater, found it semi-hard and rubbed it gently, feeling it swelling in her hand.
"Does he want to come visiting?" she asked.
"You know he never turns down an invitation."
Marcie and Greg swam to the deep end where Greg leant against the wall and Marcie put her arms around his neck, her legs around his hips and sat herself gently on his cock, allowing it to slowly penetrate her cunt to its full depth.
"Mmmm, that feels so nice," Marcie murmured in Greg's ear as she settled her clit against Greg's pelvic bone.
"Yes, my darling, it feels wonderful as always. I won't cum just now; I want to save that for Julie if that's OK with you. I'm not as virile as I was when younger," he replied, smiling as he remembered his earlier insatiable sex drive.
"That's fine, darling, just enjoy and let me know if you want to stop."
After a few minutes of intimate communion, their reverie was disturbed by two women and a guy jumping into the pool and swimming over to them. Marcie recognised the women as Rae, Chris and Beck's daughter, and Bridget her partner.
"Hi Rae and Bridget," Marcie called, "How's everything with you?"
"Awesome," answered Rae. "Marcie, I'd like you to meet our new partner, playmate and lover Gene. We only met him a couple of weeks ago and we're both madly in love with him."
Gene smiled sheepishly. "Hi Marcie and Greg," he replied, "Great to meet you at last. All I've heard from these two wenches for the past week or so is about you, this place and this weekend. All very deserved so far though. What a great setup you've got here."
"Thanks," replied Greg, "We certainly like it and it's wonderful for parties, as you can and will see. Pleased to meet you Gene."
Gene leant back against the pool side with his arms around Rae and Bridget on each side of him. It was only then that they noticed that Greg and Marcie were actually coupled. Marcie watched in amusement as this knowledge first dawned on them and then they looked away in embarrassment.
"I .. I .. I guess we'd better leave you to get on with it then," stammered Gene, his face flushing.
"Don't go on our account," replied Marcie, "If we're the only people you see fucking this weekend then you'll be wandering around with your eyes shut. It's all perfectly normal and acceptable here, anywhere, anytime. So enjoy yourself."
"Oh, OK, if you're sure."
Gene looked at 'his' women, wondering if either of them dared to jump on his cock right here, right now. Rae realised his unspoken question and reached down to fondle his cock.
"You up for it?" she asked him.
"OK, if you are," replied Gene, his cock rising to the occasion.
Rae swung herself around to face Gene, lifted her legs around his hips and after a few misses, impaled herself on his cock.
"That's great," she said, resting with her clit pressing on the top of his long cock.
She began sliding back and forth along his cock, her clit dragging against his skin, stimulating her unbearably.
"Oooohhhh, that feels so nice," she whispered in his ear.
Bridget reached across and grasped her breasts in her hands, squeezing her nipples and pulling them far out from her body, which she obviously enjoyed immensely judging by her moans of pleasure. After a few more moments she began moving faster until with a small scream which she unsuccessfully tried to muffle in Gene's neck, she came. Marcie and Greg watched the convulsive ripples passing through her body and then saw her slump down once her orgasm was completed.
"Jump off," said Bridget, "My turn now."
Slowly Rae eased herself off Gene and Bridget took her place, feeling his cock pressing into her cervix as she pushed as hard as possible downwards to put erotic pressure on her clit. Rae reached over and started kneading and pulling on her breasts, causing whimpers of pleasure from Rae, who was moving her hips rapidly back and forth on Gene's cock.
"That's sooo good," he whispered into Bridget's ear. "I'm nearly cumming."
"You cum, darling," replied Bridget, "Because I'm nearly there too."
She thrust forwards as hard as she could and went into ecstasy, moaning into Gene's neck while convulsions rocked her body. Gene thrust deeply into her and she felt his hot cum squirting against her cervix as his orgasm struck hard.
After a few moments it was all over.
"Now for the difficult part," said Marcie, "We don't want cum in the pool – imagine getting pregnant because you swam in a pool that contained cum, not that I think it would happen because the chlorine would kill the sperm, but still it's yucky. So you now have to roll out of the pool still united and then clean up out there."
With help from Rae they managed this task, the cum forming a small pool on the tiles when they disconnected. Rae wiped it up with Gene's towel – "Well, it did come from you," she said when he objected.
Marcie and Greg played for a few more moments then they too disconnected, swam to the shallow end and climbed out, Greg's cock still bobbing at attention as he walked.
"I put Rae, Bridget and Gene into the largest of the rooms as there are three of them," Dana told Marcie as they approached the house. "What's up with Dad? Have you two been playing again?"
Marcie related the activity in the pool.
"Oh," replied Dana, "That's so hot. It's the sort of thing we would have done when we were their age. By the way, I counted 30 people so I think everyone's here. I can't think of anyone else and we have two extras with Julie and Gene. So do you want dinner served now or do you want to welcome everyone here first?"
"I think we should welcome everyone first, introduce a few people who others may not know, then we can serve dinner. We'll have it outside under the shade sail, although the sun is too low for there to be any shade now."
"OK, we'll organise it."
Dana and her crew moved chairs into a tight group so that Marcie could talk to them all together. Slowly they moved to the chairs and sat expectantly.
"Good evening everyone," began Marcie, "Just before we have dinner I wanted to welcome you all here, so, welcome to you all. Greg, Pam and I hope you have a wonderful, totally unforgettable weekend. I must also thank Dana, Trudi, Gabby, Becks, Todd and Chris for the wonderful help they have been this afternoon. They live here too so if there is anything you need to know please just ask them. I would also like to welcome Julie, who has returned very unexpectedly this afternoon. Julie was one of the originals who helped to start 'Dana's' strip club and brothel, which this place was until we moved it many years ago. Welcome Julie. Most of you know everyone else except for Gene, who has recently become Rae and Bridget's partner. Welcome Gene.
"As you are all aware by now, this is a clothing optional residence. Normally in summer we wear what we are at present – nothing. So can I ask that the normal protocol of naturist facilities be observed. In particular please use a towel when sitting on any furniture. You have each been given a pool wrap which you can use if you become too cold or if you feel too exposed being naked. Obviously if you leave the premises you will need to be clothed.
"You will notice that sexual freedom is very strong here. If you wish to make love with someone please ask for their permission, and their partner's permission, first. Remember that generally no means no. This can get tricky, for example, with a mock rape scenario where no most certainly means yes. So there is a safe word for the weekend – pomegranate – and that is written on the notice board by the spa pool. If someone says pomegranate you must stop what you are doing and release them from any restraints. That is absolutely essential. This means that if you don't like what is happening, are in serious pain or simply change your mind you can say pomegranate and everything will stop. As for sex, anytime, anywhere is fine, so long as it is consensual. I guess you may want to ask your own partner's permission as well. Remember to use safe sexual practices. Just a point, cum tends to clog pool filters so if you want to cum when having sex in either pool, please wear a condom.
"There are four small children or babies here. They are being baby sat by competent, trained babysitters at the far end of the property so for this weekend if you are one of the parents of those children, you have a free weekend. If you need to breastfeed your baby then you can go down there and do that, but if you don't want to do that the baby sitters have an ample supply of formula and I'm sure there will be many mouths who will enjoy sampling the baby food you produce straight from source. This will also reduce the pain of unemptied breasts and will maintain your flow so you can still feed your babies after the weekend."
Marcie watched the guys' smile as they realised the possible implications of this. She then outlined the program for the weekend and emphasised that it was their weekend so if they wanted more time for anything they had only to ask and it would probably be arranged.
"Finally, just a few words about how all this started. Basically it was just before Dana and Gabby turned 18 when we started the Dungeon. Dana and Gabby both celebrated their 18th birthdays two weeks apart in the Dungeon with Todd and Chris respectively. Dana developed a polyamory relationship to include Trudi, and Chris and Gabby did the same to include Becks. Julie, who has just returned today, was the other partner in Greg and my polyamory relationship so we are particularly pleased at her return.
"After a few years we joined Pam and David's house onto ours with the two storied block where you are mainly sleeping and which contains the large communal area and spa pool. Originally, 25 years ago, that was 'Dana's' strip club and brothel which was moved fifteen years ago to larger premises closer to town. Since then we have developed this place into a naturist spa and health resort and many people come here for rest, relaxation, sunbathing, sex and sexual therapy, offered by Dana and Gabby who are both qualified psychologists and trained sexual therapists.
"We will visit 'Dana's' for their special show tomorrow evening. There will be a shuttle service to and from 'Dana's' running until we are all back here and that service and entry and use of all 'Dana's' facilities is free. Just use the pass token that you received in your bag. Please read your leaflet as it contains the weekend program so you know what is on offer and when. If you wish to follow your own program, that is fine so long as it doesn't conflict with any organised activity.
"Sadly I would like to acknowledge David's recent passing. I'm sure we all join in offering our condolences to Pam. David made a great contribution to the establishment of 'Dana's', working tirelessly behind the scenes to ensure the operation ran smoothly and profitably and he is certainly greatly missed by us all.
"On a happier note, today is Amy's 18th birthday. Congratulations Amy. Damian also turned 18 a few days ago, congratulations Damian for then. The significance of this is that I understand that Damian and Rosie have delayed doing the deed until tonight, and I'm pretty certain that Amy and Jeff haven't had time to sneak away and consummate their relationship this afternoon either." Both partners in the named couples blushed with embarrassment, but smiled at their partners. "So these two couples will be spending their first official night together in the two suites adjacent to the Dungeon. This means that after 10pm tonight the Dungeon is out of bounds to everyone else. Tomorrow you will have time in the afternoon and early evening and again after you return from 'Dana's' to explore all you wish and the two suites will be vacant if anyone wishes to use them during the afternoon and evening.
"After dinner tonight, any time tomorrow and again on Sunday you are free to explore the premises, except for the far wing where the children are, which is off-limits to all except their parents, just so the area remains quiet. In addition to the Dungeon, there is also the spa pool and the Sybian room. If any women here haven't experienced the Sybian, this is your opportunity. If you want assistance just ask any of the usual residents and they will be pleased to assist. You will need to book Sybian sessions; there is a booking sheet by the information board. There are also two massage rooms with a professional masseur and masseuse available for most of the time, who offer a full service massage either individual or as a couple. It would pay to book a time on the booking sheet if you're interested. Guys, if you wish to experience the Venus 2000 masturbation machine we have one as well. Please just ask any resident and they will show you how to use it. I feel that probably guys will have enough keeping up with the women here this weekend and won't need the Venus, but it's there if you do or if your partner wants some peace and quiet. Inside your bag you will find a commemorative ring. If you wish this to be implanted somewhere on your body, a piercer will be in attendance on Sunday so you can make a booking for this when convenient for you. It goes without saying that there is no charge for any of these services, so please enjoy yourselves.
"So without further ado, please find yourselves somewhere to sit for dinner. It is a buffet style so you simply help yourself, and there are drinks on the bar so help yourself to those as well."
Marcie stepped aside and people resumed their conversations as they served themselves and their partners dinner, poured themselves drinks and found seats in small groups. Everyone had lost any sign of nervousness or embarrassment at being naked and Marcie noted that people were touching each other in a more natural way, the way she had noticed many times before during naturist activities at the centre.
After dinner Gabby, Chris and Becks cleared away the dishes and tidied the kitchen while people drifted off to explore the premises, have a swim in the main pool or spa pool, or visit the Dungeon. Trudi was chatting with Dana when Olivia, Trudi's daughter, and her partner approached.
"Hi Mom, am I old enough now to try the Sybian please?" asked Olivia.
"Yes, of course sweetheart. Has it been that long since you were here?"
"Last time I was here I was only fifteen and you thought it would be best to wait a while. So I'm really looking forward to trying it now."
"Do you need my help? Come and I'll show you where it is and how to use it. Do you want Stu to be there too?"
"Oh yes, Stu and I have talked about it and he really wants to watch me cum hard. He's been hard for weeks just talking about it."
"Well, I hope he's not let down then. Come on, let's go. Excuse us, Dana, back soon."
Trudi took Olivia and Stu to the room and explained how it worked, showing them the different sized dildos and how they moved.
"Do you want me to stay and help?" asked Trudi.
"Yes please. I think I'm a bit of an exhibitionist really," she laughed.
"OK, what size dildo do you want?"
Olivia looked at Stu, who smiled and gestured widely with his hands. Olivia laughed and nudged him in the ribs.
"Stu reckons I'm really large so I guess I'd better try the biggest you have."
Trudi noticed Stu was grinning broadly.
"You're enjoying this, aren't you?" she asked him.
"Yes, definitely. Olivia's always telling she wants more than I've got. Hopefully this will give her what she wants."
Trudi showed Olivia the largest dildo and watched her grin turn to a more serious look of consternation as she measured the dildo by eye to be at least ten inches long and three inches in diameter.
"That's huge!" she exclaimed. "It'll ruin me. You won't be able to feel the sides," she said to Stu.
"Go on, be a devil. I'm sure you can take it. Your cunt can expand amazingly; I know, I've felt it."
"OK, if you insist. Put it on please, Mom."
Trudi showed Olivia how to attach the dildo, then lubricated it. Olivia took some lube and rubbed it around her pussy and inside her cunt before straddling the machine and slowly sitting down. Stu and Trudi watched as the dildo disappeared inside Olivia until only two inches remained outside.
"Watch this, Trudi," said Stu, "She's amazing how she does this."
Olivia breathed deeply in then out and sucked her abdomen in, then lowered herself the remaining two inches onto the dildo.
"Wow," said Trudi, "What did you do there?"
"Well, I found that when I suck upwards it also pulls my cervix up and lengthens my vagina. I do that when Stu puts his cock in me. First push hits my cervix, then his next push is into space. I can then push it back down so he never knows whether he will hit my cervix or not. It drives him nuts sometimes, especially when I hold it up and don't let him cum." She laughed.
"Well, it's payback time I guess," said Trudi as she handed the remote to Stu. "You're driving so do what you wish."
Stu turned the rotate knob, slowly increasing it. He was able to see the dildo pass across the inside of Olivia's abdomen as it rotated. He then started the vibrate mode slowly at first then rapidly took it to 50%.
"Oooohhhh, that feels awesome," said Olivia, "More please."
Stu turned it up to 70% as Olivia responded by closing her eyes and throwing her head back, obviously enjoying being turned on by the intense vibrations. She started panting, hyperventilating, which Stu knew meant she was approaching orgasm. He wound the dial back to 20%.
Olivia immediately opened her eyes and looked at him.
"You bastard," she fumed, "I was just about ready to cum. Turn it up again please."
"I'll do this but on one condition," he replied.
Trudi stepped to the side, sitting down and watching this play out.
"Huh, I can guess what that will be. OK, what is the condition?"
"When I'm getting ready to cum and you know that I'm getting off with my cock head pushing on your cervix, I want you to promise that you won't suck your cervix up so I can't cum."
"But I really like it when I do that because you go really deep and that squeezes my clit, driving me to orgasm. That's why I do it."
"Oh. Why didn't you tell me that before? OK, so what say you only do it a couple of times and then let it down again so I can cum?"
"That possibly wouldn't work," she replied. "After you cum, you rapidly soften so I can't cum, so I have to cum before you to get satisfaction."
"OK, so what if I let you suck your cervix up, cum, and then you let it down again so I can cum?"
"That sounds good to me," replied Olivia, "Now, if that's OK with you and it's OK with me, for god's sake turn the Sybian up again. You're driving me nuts just letting me hang here."
Trudi came over and asked "Are you multi-orgasmic, Olivia?"
"Not so far because after Stu cums he deflates and it's all over for at least an hour."
"Would you like to be multi-orgasmic tonight?"
"Oooohhh, yesssss! I'd love to try that please."
"Right. I'll just fasten you down." Trudi fastened the Velcro to hold Olivia's legs onto the foam pads and fastened her hands to the front of the Sybian.
"OK, Stu, give her the works," said Trudi.
Stu increased the vibration to 70% again, eliciting an instantaneous response of a continual high pitched keening sound from Olivia who once again had her eyes closed and head back. After only a few seconds she was humping the Sybian, thrashing about and shuddering in a silent, mind-blowing orgasm. After about twenty seconds, she relaxed slightly and Stu was about to turn the Sybian off.
"Keep it going," said Trudi quietly, "Just edge it up to 80% gently and see what happens."
Olivia slowly came down from her orgasm, but then started the high keening sound again and once again threw her head back and closed her eyes.
"No, it's too much, no more," gasped Olivia.
Trudi signalled Stu to ignore that and spoke gently into Olivia's ear. "If you really want to stop you must say the safe word pomegranate. Do you really want to stop?"
"No, keep going please, it's just so intense it's scary."
The keening wail continued and after another few minutes Olivia was once again thrashing around in silent orgasm. As she came back down Stu decreased the vibrations to 60% for a few seconds then wound them back to 80%, holding it there for a short time before increasing again to 90%. It took only a few seconds for Olivia to once again cum hard, thrashing about and this time talking.
"Oooohhhh, it's too much, it's amazing, too hard, too fast, too wonderful, oh give me more, more, more, no more," she rambled incoherently as the vibrations continued to torture her clit and cunt.
Stu once again decreased the speed as she relaxed, then increased it until it reached 100%. After only a very few seconds Olivia was once again thrashing about in orgasm, talking incoherently and moaning a high pitched moan.
"Keep it at 100% and see what happens," Trudi told Stu.
Stu did this and watched his beautiful partner cum hard, on and on and on she went with no let up for at least three minutes, rolling her head on her shoulders, eyes tightly closed, thrashing about uncontrollably. Without warning she collapsed, limp, unconscious. Trudi caught her and supported her before she could fall. Stu returned both dials to zero.
"Undo the Velcro holding her on the machine," Trudi told Stu.
He did that and together they moved the inert Olivia to the bed and lay her down. After another minute she opened her eyes and looked around.
"What happened?" she asked.
"You passed out," Trudi told her. "How was it?"
"Oh it was absolutely awesome. I never though orgasms could be that intense, happen that often or last that long. It was amazing. At the end there I was just cumming and cumming and cumming with no let up. I must do that again before the end of the weekend."
"I'm pleased you enjoyed it," replied Trudi.
"Oh yes, Mom, it was wonderful. Thank you so much, and thank you too, darling Stu, for operating the machine so well."
Stu gave her a long kiss, during which she massaged his erect cock, and then she sat up.
"I guess I'll have to take care of this hard problem later tonight," she said with a grin, kissing his cock head and licking off the small globule of precum.
"If you want to, there's nothing stopping you from putting Stu out of his misery now, except maybe that your cunt will be too sore, possibly and floppy probably," suggested Trudi.
Olivia felt her cunt, easily pushing four fingers inside.
"Too big. Needs some rest I think. Mom, could Stu fuck you if he wants to?" asked Olivia.
Trudi realised that she was feeling sexy; watching Sybian experiences always made her wet.
"Yes, if he wants to that's fine by me. We'd better go somewhere else though so others can use the Sybian if they want. Help me clean this up then we'll go to your room if you like. I'm guessing you'll want to watch too?"
"Oh yes, I love watching people have sex, even more so when they're my mother and partner."
They quickly cleaned up the room and sterilised the attachments before heading to Olivia and Stu's room. Once inside, Olivia sat in a chair while Stu and Trudi lay on the bed.
"How do you like it?" asked Trudi.
"I want you to suck me, then I want to eat you out to orgasm, then I want to fuck you hard doggie style," replied Stu.
"I love it when a man knows what he wants," replied Trudi, before kneeling down and taking his cock in her mouth, cupping his balls with her hands.
Gently at first, then harder, she sucked his cock, feeling it increase in size. She made a mental note to tell Olivia that there was nothing wrong or unusual about Stu's size. Softly to start, then increasingly more firmly she kneaded and squeezed his balls with her hands, all the time keeping a strong suction and in-out movement of her mouth on his cock.
Trudi could feel Stu approaching orgasm. She took a deep breath, lined her head up and pushed her mouth towards his abdomen, swallowing at the same time. Stu felt his cock slide easily down Trudi's throat, the sensation almost driving him over the edge. Trudi pulled down hard on his balls, preventing his orgasm, and moved her mouth and throat up and down over his sensitive cock, breathing when his cock unblocked her throat.
The sensations Stu felt were amazing. He wanted desperately to cum yet knew that Trudi was preventing this. He had never felt so much sensation. Trudi continued the throat massage for another minute and then stopped, removing her mouth from his cock without letting him cum.
"Why didn't you let me cum?" he asked. "I feel soooo frustrated and sexy."
"If you had cum you'd be no good to me for an hour at least. Come on, lover, eat my cunt then fuck me and cum inside me."
Trudi lay on her back on the bed. Stu knelt between her spread legs and gently caressed her sopping wet pussy, before lowering his mouth and starting to lick and suck her lips and clit, inserting his tongue as far as he could into her cunt. Gradually he sped up his licking and increased the strength of his sucking. Trudi started tossing her head from side to side as the sensations took her away on wings of ecstasy. After only a few minutes she felt her orgasm approach. Stu felt these changes, felt her stiffen; he increased the stimulation and that pushed her over the brink, shuddering as she came hard, before slowly relaxing, opening her eyes and gazing at Stu, now sitting upright and watching her.
"Thank you, darling," she said lovingly.
"My pleasure," he replied, "Now, turn over and be the bitch that you were a while ago."
"Oooohhh goody," she said as she knelt on the bed, lowering her shoulders and spreading her legs, offering her wide open, sopping wet pussy for his tender ministrations.
Stu's cock was huge, swollen after being denied release and now stimulated by from the sensory experiences he had just undergone. With no more foreplay required, he pushed his cock hard into Trudi's cunt until he was hitting her cervix.
"Oooofff," was Trudi's involuntary exclamation as he seated home at the end of her cunt.
He then started a slow fucking motion, withdrawing until he was almost completely out and then pushing back inside quickly, hammering against her cervix. Again and again the piston moved in the cylinder, like a well-oiled machine repeating the same strokes endlessly.
Stu felt himself building up towards his orgasm, feeling his balls churning and retracting against his lower abdomen, and feeling the pressure of her perineum against his pubic bone. After another half minute or so of this he was there, thrusting hard into Trudi's cunt and spurting his hot sperm against her cervix.
After a few seconds he relaxed and slumped onto Trudi's back.
"That was awesome," he said, "I so needed that. Thank you, darling."
Trudi crawled out from under him, turned over and gave him a hug.
"Put it back in me, sweetheart, I need to cum again too. No excuses, you can do it. Shove it in and make me cum."
Stu pushed his half-hard cock back into Trudi's cunt, easily going deeply on first thrust until his pubic bone was pushing hard against her clit.
"Yes, hard, like that, oh do it to me, do it, do it," she chanted as the pressure on her clit pushed her over the edge and she came hard in his arms.
After a few moments she relaxed, pushed him out and off and sat up. Olivia was still sitting in the chair, her legs spread wide over the arms, gently fingering her clit.
"Wow, both of you, just wow. That was awesome. Stu, darling, that's how I want you to make love to me in future. No more excuses about not being able to get me to cum. Thanks, Mom. What an awesome demo of lovemaking."
"Thank you, sweetheart. Stu's a wonderful lover, he just needs a bit of training," she joked.
"Thank you," said Stu. "Darling," he added turning to Olivia, "I can see lots of practice ahead. If you're multi-orgasmic there's no reason for me not to become so also. So it should be lots of fun experimenting."
They cleaned up in the en suite bathroom and then headed back to the party.
"Thank you both so much. That was really fun. Enjoy your weekend and remember to try out stuff in the Dungeon," said Trudi once they arrived at the party. She gave them each a big hug and went outside to cool off and have a drink.
As she sipped her drink she took stock of what was happening outside. Some people were sitting in the afterglow of the sunset talking with old and new friends but she felt like some more action so she finished her drink and headed down to the Dungeon.
There were about ten people in the Dungeon and it was immediately obvious that a polyamory induction was about to take place. Rae was standing astride the lowered tapered dildo with roller skates strapped sideways on her feet, while Gene was tied, crouched down in the frame with the standard ten pound weight attached to his balls but still resting on the floor. Trudi knew that the procedure had been streamlined since it was first used; now the guy had to lift a ten pound weight off the ground and support it for as long as it took for his partner to be completely penetrated by the dildo. If there was one guy and two women, as it appeared was usual, then the guy had to raise and hold the weight for each of his women as they were inducted. Similarly, if two guys and one woman were to be inducted, the woman would need to be penetrated twice, once for each man. Trudi noticed that Becks and Chris, Rae's parents, were watching nervously.
Once everything was ready Dana started the ram holding the dildo on its upwards journey towards Rae's cunt opening. The small end entered easily and Dana stopped the ram with about two inches of dildo inside. She then released the chocks on the roller skates and told Gene to stand up.
Gene felt the weight come on his balls, stretching them further than ever before. And still the weights were touching the floor.
"Further, stand up straight," commanded Dana.
Gene stood up straight, grimacing at the pain in his balls.
"The weight will rip them off," he complained.
"Nonsense," retorted Dana. "You just need to harden up. You'll be fine."
She turned her attention to Rae, who was struggling to keep her feet close to the ram. As Dana watched, her feet spread apart a few inches and she hurried to bring them back.
"Oooohhhh, my thigh muscles are hurting," she moaned.
"Yes, they will. Remember that complete penetration is inevitable, so you may as well relax and enjoy it," advised Dana.
Slowly but surely Rae's feet slipped apart and she sank lower onto the dildo. As the diameter increased her pussy lips spread further causing greater pain. She was about two thirds of the way down, which meant that her legs were starting to be widely spread, increasing the force she needed to exert to hold herself up. Her legs tired and she slipped slowly and inexorably downward, letting out a scream as her pussy lips stretched widely and the intruder lodged against her cervix.
"You have a couple of inches to go," Dana told her, "Just wriggle a bit and position the end inside you to one side of your cervix, then it will go in the extra bit. Remember, as soon as your clit touches the guard you can call pomegranate."
Rae wriggled her hips a little and then descended quickly until she was fully impaled on the huge dildo. She screamed in pain from the stretching and pressure.
"Pomegranate, pomegranate," she cried.
Dana supported and lifted her while Todd moved the ram downwards.
"You can lower your weights now, Gene, but stay where you are because Bridget has to be inducted before you're free to go," instructed Dana as she released Rae from the skates, untied her hands and positioned Bridget in her place.
The procedure was repeated with Bridget, once again full penetration being reached accompanied by a scream of agony. After Gene had lowered the weights for the second time and was very relieved to be released from the frame.
Rae, Bridget and Gene hugged each other and sat down to rest while they watched other entertainment in the Dungeon. In quite rapid succession Dana's older child Peta and her partner Justin were inducted, followed by Olivia and Stu, Olivia being quite happy with the huge dildo inside her after her stretching on the Sybian. Jordan, Todd and Trudi's older child and his partner Steph were then inducted, followed by Chris and Gabby's first child Steve and his partner Trish, who was very nervous and who Steve had to spend a long time persuading that this was worthwhile and, according to local rules, unless you were inducted you missed out on all the polyamory fun of partner sharing. Trish pleaded that as Steve was the only partner she wanted, why did she have to go through with this, but that cut no ice with Steve, and eventually they both went through the ordeal. That was followed by the last couple eligible tonight, Chris and Becks younger child Paul and his partner Penny, who was very keen to get this over with so she could fuck a few of the great guys she had her eye on. Becks told Dana later than Penny was a self-confessed nymphomaniac and wanted sex all the time, which was why she chose Paul because he was usually able to oblige, having masturbated up to twelve times a day since he was quite young.
As the evening progressed more people came and went through the Dungeon and some spent time with their own pursuits rather than watching the inductions. Several women had nipple clamps applied for the first time and generally liked the experience. Chris demonstrated the use of a speculum on Becks, using high intensity lighting to show her cervix and then pushed a balloon inside her cunt with the nozzle sticking outside. After removing the speculum and clamping her pussy lips, he filled the balloon with water and tied the nozzle. Becks then walked around with this for a short time until Chris removed the clamps and the balloon popped out.
Penny wanted some 'hard stimulation', as she called it and asked that somebody please whip her clit and pussy lips. Becks volunteered to administer this pain and tied Penny upside down in a whipping frame, with her hands just touching the ground, then spread the posts far apart, stretching her legs out sideways and opening her pussy lips. Most normal people would find this position intolerable, but Penny enjoyed it and moaned in pleasure. Becks decided to up the ante a bit, remembering Penny was a nympho and also an obvious pain slut, so she used a Hitachi vibrator to stimulate her clit and make her cum several times, leaving her clit hugely engorged. Becks then tied off her clit, retaining the blood inside, and set the timer.
Once these preparations had been made Becks took the multi-tailed whip and started whipping Penny's wide open lips, clit and cunt entrance. She started gently at first but rapidly progressed to harder strokes which caused Penny to thrash about and moan apparently in pleasure. After several minutes of this she came hard, squirting some fluid from her cunt. Becks waited until her climax has passed then took a short, thin cane and started tapping Penny's clit and lips with it. Penny wriggled her hips to try to direct the blows where they felt best but Becks continued to strike wherever she wanted. Gradually the strokes became harder and the whole area became bright red. Without warning, after a blow directly onto her engorged clit, Penny came again, her body writhing in pleasure and pain, before she relaxed.
Paul asked Becks if he cpould have a turn with the whip. Becks handed him the multi-tailed whip and Paul swung it tentatively before landing a stroke on Penny's exposed pussy, causing her to writhe in pain. He aimed his next blows at the inside of her thighs and soon became confident in the use of the whip, laying some hard strokes on Penny's cunt lips and clit, causing her to scream in pain on several occasions. Becks reminded her of the safe word but Penny preferred to suffer rather than use it.
After a while Paul was finished, for now anyway, and Becks removed the clit tie and gently lowered Penny to the ground.
"How was that?" asked Becks.
"Oooohhh, that was so good. So painful but just great."
"How does your pussy feel?"
"It's sore, but not too bad. I can certainly still have sex. What have you got that's more painful?"
"All sorts of things. How about we staple your pussy together with a staple gun sometime?"
"Ooohhh, that sounds like a great idea! But probably best to do that before we go home otherwise it might put me out of action for the weekend."
"Yes, excellent thinking. Soft and gentle till Sunday," smiled Becks.
"So I want to see Paul on the Venus 2000 please," said Penny.
"Do you want to do that, Paul?" asked becks.
"Please, darling, just for me," cajoled Penny.
"OK, I guess that's fine but just don't expect me to cum in your cunt tonight," agreed Paul.
Becks led Paula and Penny to the Venus room upstairs.
It was nearly 10pm, nearly time to leave the Dungeon. Marcie came down and found Damian and Rosie and Amy and Jeff, who had been watching the demonstrations and inductions in the Dungeon.
"Well, what do you think of all that?' she asked them.
"Wow, pretty cool, although I guess it would all hurt at the time and maybe later," replied Rosie.
"Do we get inducted tomorrow?" asked Jeff.
"Yes, if you want to," replied Marcie. "Remember, there is no compulsion, it is all completely voluntary, as is everything here really."
"Ooohhh, I certainly want to," said Amy enthusiastically. "Mom's told me about it and it sounds really great. Then I want to fuck all the guys here."
"Honey!" cried an indignant Jeff, "I thought you just wanted to fuck me."
"Yes, sweetheart, I do. You're going to be my first and it will happen tonight, many times I hope. But after that do you really mind if I sample what else is on offer? Don't you want to ravish all the beautiful women here too?"
"Well, yes, I guess so," admitted Jeff, blushing, "Yeah, OK, I see your point. But right now I want a night with you. Come on you lot, leave so we can go to bed and fuck in peace."
"Good idea," said Dana, "Right, Amy and Jeff, and Damian and Rosie can now go to your rooms and fuck to your hearts' content. Remember, if you want to you can always swap partners. Good night and have lots of fun. We'll all look forward to hearing all about it at breakfast tomorrow."
Jeff took Amy's hand and they skipped into their room while Damian scooped Rosie up and carried across the threshold accompanied by claps of approval from those still in the Dungeon. The remaining people left the Dungeon, turned off the lights and closed the door.
Upstairs Becks led paul and penny into the Venus room.
"I see you're all erect and ready to go," Becks said to Paul. "Let me fit this to your cock and a=show you how it works."
Becks fitted the Venus masturbator to Paul's cock.
"Do you want it strapped on to drain him completely?" she asked Penny.
"Absolutely," replied Penny, noting a slight look of fear pass over Paul's face.
Becks strapped the machine in place and strapped Paul's hands and ankles into the restraints so he couldn't remove the device. She then started it running, adjusting the speed to a moderate rate. Paul closed his eyes as he felt the erotic sensations of the machine masturbating his hard cock.
After a few minutes Penny and Becks noticed that Paul was showing signs of reaching his first orgasm. He was panting and moving his hips in a fucking motion. A few seconds later he came, squirting his cum into the machine. The two women watched as he writhed in ecstasy and then relaxed.
"Please stop it now," he said.
"No," replied Penny, I want to really drain you fully. It will keep going until I say you're finished."
"Or until you say the safe word pomegranate," added Becks.
"I'll never use the safe word," said Paul, gritting his teeth as the machine continued to stimulate his cock.
It took another four minutes before he came a second time, with less overt signs of it that the first time and a smaller volume of cum. Still the machine continued to stimulate his half hard cock.
"Can we increase the rate please?" asked Penny.
"Yes, that's fine. You control it," replied Becks, handing the control to Penny, who immediately turned it to full speed.
"Ahhh, that's so sexy, so stimulating," cried Paul as he resumed his hip movements.
After only a further three minutes he came again, then again after another four minutes, followed by a change to almost continual cumming as his cock muscles reflexively contracted and relaxed, trying to force more cum from his now empty balls and prostate.
"It's starting to hurt. I'm empty but still I feel like I'm cumming and trying to pump more cum from an empty reservoir," said Paul.
"Ah, so you do have a finite supply after all," replied Penny, "I was beginning to think you had a limitless supply. That's good to know. It means I'll now be able to play the field and take other guys' cum without feeling that you're having to suffer."
"Please turn it off now, darling."
"Hmmm, not yet. I like to watch you suffer a bit. What say we give him another five minutes, Becks?"
"That sounds like a good idea," agreed Becks.
Together they watched Paul suffer as his cock tried to pump more cum without any success for the next five minutes.
"OK, that'll do," decided Penny as she stopped the Venus.
Slowly Paul's cock stopped pulsing as the stimulation decreased. Becks helped Penny remove the device and she took it away to clean it while Penny released Paul and they cuddled together.
"I guess I deserved that after the whipping I gave you," said Paul, "That was a wonderful session. Let's do it again before the weekend's out."
"Sounds good to me," replied Penny, "May as well drain you before we head home again."
"Well, you know where it is and how to use it now, so anytime you wish feel free to book the room and of course you can also use the Dungeon," said Becks as she led them from the room.
Amy closed the door and melted into Jeff's open arms. They kissed sweetly and deeply.
"I've so looked forward to tonight for so very long," murmured Amy into Jeff's ear, "Ever since we met I've been dreaming of making sweet passionate love with you all night long. At last it is here. Come on, darling, let's make love."
"Mmmm, I've dreamed of tonight also, to sinking my cock gently into your sweet pussy," replied Jeff, "C'mon, darling, let's do it."
He gently picked her up and laid her on the bed, then spread her legs far apart and bent down to kiss, lick and suck on her pussy lips and clit.
"Ooohhh, darling, that feels so dreamily wonderful. Just keep doing it, please honey."
Jeff did. After several minutes of this Amy felt the sensations rising through her body as she had when they had fondled each other to orgasm in the past.
"Keep doing that, sweetie, you're arousing me so beautifully, keep doing that till I cum."
Jeff continued pleasuring her with his mouth, feeling his cock harden even more and noticing the precum dripping from the end. Oh how he loved to make love to his sweetheart!
With little warning Amy was there. The sensations increased like a tidal wave, shooting through her body and centring on her clit. She felt she was all clit, every part of her was turned into one huge clit that was cumming hard, causing her whole body to convulse with tremors of ecstasy. She bit his neck to stifle the scream that was forming as her nervous system went into overdrive.
After a few moments she regained some composure and relaxed. She reached for Jeff's rigid erection, spreading the precum over his cock head and gently moving the skin over the underlying fleshy layers. It was Jeff's turn to accept; to allow the delicious feelings to sweep through his body. Slowly he felt the familiar sensations of an approaching orgasm.
"Stop, please darling, I'm nearly ready to cum and tonight I want all my cum to be inside you. Sweetheart, let me fuck you for the first time please."
"Oh yes," replied Amy, "Fuck me, make love to me, shove your hard baby-making cock into my virgin cunt. Ravage me, deflower me, push your huge cock into my cunt and spray your sperm against into my womb."
"Ooohh, I love it when you talk dirty," replied Jeff as he spread her legs wide, pulled a pillow under her arse and straddled her on all fours. "Here it comes, ready or not."
Jeff moved his hips to place his cock head against her pussy lips, then pushed gently but firmly. He heard Amy gasp as she felt his cock head spread her lips apart then enter her love channel, sliding easily and remorselessly deep inside her for the first time. She had never realised how long he was. He stopped, moved out a small amount, repositioned his knees, then continued to enter her until Amy felt the head of his cock pressing against her cervix.
Jeff pulled out a little, then pushed in again, trying to push his cock past her cervix so he could press himself against her clit. After several attempts he succeeded and was rewarded with his cock entering even deeper and at last his pubic bone pressed hard against her clit. He rested, the whole length of his cock fully embedded in his darling's cunt.
"I feel so full, sweetheart," whispered Amy into his ear. "It feels wonderful. Ooohhh, I love making love with you!"
"Mmmm, you feel so beautifully tight and slippery inside. It's really a wonderful feeling."
The two lovers kissed deeply. Jeff reached up and cupped her breasts, playing with and gently pulling her nipples and extracting a few moans of pleasure. He then started moving slowly and gently inside her cunt, sliding out a small amount then pressing back inside her, squeezing her clit before repeating the process. He kept this up for several minutes during which time Amy began wriggling her hips.
"Mmmm, give me more, crush my clit, squeeze my tits, fuck me hard, harder, harder. Mmmmm, that's wonderful. Do it, do it, do me hard."
Jeff ignored her pleas and maintained a steady, controlled rhythm, which he saw was driving Amy crazy with wonderful arousal being tempered with the frustration of there not being quite enough stimulation to cum. He maintained his steady rhythm, accompanied by Amy increasing her level of writhing, moaning and encouragement to speed up and take her over the edge. Jeff also noticed that he was slowly but surely approaching his own limits of arousal without orgasm. It was becoming more difficult to resist the temptation to speed up.
After a few more minutes he could hold back no longer. Amy's writhing and frantic pushing and pulling on his arse cheeks to try to gain more stimulation had forced him almost to the point of no return. He sped up, pulling out further, pushing in harder, faster and faster until he was there. He pushed in hard, arched his back and ejaculated his hot cum deep inside her cunt.
Amy went berserk. The feeling of Jeff cumming in her cunt for the first time pushed her into a massive orgasm, causing tremors of ecstasy to course through her body as she shuddered and writhed uncontrollably. She screamed, loud and long. After about half a minute she gently relaxed, becoming limp as she felt Jeff also relax on top of her, constricting her breathing with his weight.
"Honey, I need to breathe," she said urgently.
Jeff lifted his chest off hers and she gasped for air.
"Thanks, sweetheart, that was awesome. How was it for you?" she asked.
"It was fantastic. I never dreamed that cumming could be so intense and so stimulating. I love you so much. And to think this is just the start; we have our whole lives ahead of us doing this. Will we ever get out of bed?"
"That sounds so wonderful. I'm so pleased that we've found each other, darling," she replied, "That orgasm was just wonderfully dreamy. And they say it gets better with practice! Wow."
In the next room Damian and Rosie heard Amy's scream as she came. At that time they were busy fucking each other with Rosie riding on top of Damian's cock, which was buried deep inside her cunt, the head massaging her cervix as her clit rubbed over his pubic bone.
They had started by kissing and cuddling, fondling each other as they had before they turned eighteen, Rosie playing with his hard cock; Damian gently stimulating her clit and pussy lips. Very quickly he was oozing precum while she was sopping wet with her own lubrication. They had decided many weeks ago that they wanted their first fuck to be with her riding on top of him; nothing symbolic, it was just how they imagined their first time together.
When they were ready he had rolled onto his back and she had straddled him, teasing his lips with her nipples as her long hair covered his face and feeling his cock brushing her pussy lips. They had stayed like this for many minutes, loving each other, exactly as they had many times before.
The difference came in the next stage. Instead of rolling off each other and continuing to orgasm by masturbation, tonight Rosie moved her body down Damian's, feeling his swollen cock head press harder against her pussy lips before, with a wriggle, positioning it against the entrance to her cunt. She stopped, savouring the moment and kissing Damian deeply, before gently but firmly continuing her slow movement downwards causing his cock to penetrate her virgin cunt.
Damian felt Rosie's cunt muscles pulsate as his cock steadily entered her cunt, causing his cock to twitch in response. Oh she was so beautiful, he thought. Slowly, after he was half way inside, she sat up and placed her hands on his chest, taking some of her weight. When her upper body was almost vertical she sat down harder, forcing his cock deep inside her until he felt his cock head press against her cervix and her clit press against his pubic bone. A perfect fit, they both thought.
Without moving up and down at all, she started slowly sliding forwards and backwards, keeping her clit in contact with him and his cock head in contact with her cervix. Damian reached up and caressed Rosie's breasts, pulling and twisting her nipples. The feelings for both were delicious and they both closed their eyes allowing the sensations to build and focussing on these sensations in their intimately connected parts. They continued these gentle, stimulating movements until they heard Amy's scream, recognising instantly what it was.
"Mmmm, sounds like Amy's having fun," commented Damian, "Is it time you progressed to that stage as well?"
"I'm just enjoying doing this with you," replied Rosie, "Feeling your cock so deeply inside me, feeling the pressure of your cock head on my cervix and feeling my clit being mashed against your bone. It's all just wonderful. I wish we could stay just like this forever."
"Well, fortunately and unfortunately we can't. Life is only enjoyed by diversity. No matter how great something is, we will tire of it if we have it all the time. The beauty of this is that we can keep it fresh and different every time if we wish. I want to make you cum and then cum inside you."
Damian rested his hands on Rosie's hip bones, gently pushing and pulling to speed up the movement and progress them both towards their orgasms.
"Ooohhh, yes, that's soooo good. Harder, faster, darling," urged Rosie.
Damian was nothing if not obedient so responded by increasing both the length of movement and the speed, causing Rosie's cunt to slide along his cock, forcing it in and out against her cervix.
"Ooohhh, yes, darling, like that just like that," she gasped.
The tempo increased as the arousal increased. Both now closed their eyes with their heads thrown back as they concentrated on the feelings building inside. With a final push Rosie went rigid and came, gasping and panting as though running out of air. Damian continued the movement as best he could, finally thrusting deeply inside, hard against her cervix and spurting his cum deep inside her cunt. The heat from his cum set Rosie off again, but this time she let out an ear-piercing scream loud enough to wake the dead.
Gradually they both came down from their highs and opened their eyes, Rosie collapsing onto Damian's chest and they kissed and cuddled in post-orgasmic bliss.
"Oh darling, that was so beautiful," whispered Rosie, "What a fantastic lover I chose."
"You were wonderful too, sweetheart," replied Damian, "You really know how to stimulate me amazingly well. I love you so much, darling."
They cuddled for a while and finally drifted off into a deep sleep cradled in each other's arms.
Next door Jeff and Amy were already asleep, having only vaguely registered Rosie's scream, and were lying spooned together with Jeff's cock between Amy's arse cheeks and his hand cupping her breast.
Meantime upstairs people were involved in a wide variety of activities. Many were simply soaking in the spa pool with drinks in hand catching up on the latest gossip with friends and family they hadn't seen for years. There was a steady stream of guests making use of the services provided. The Sybian was booked solid until 2am tomorrow morning and the masseur and masseuse were doing a roaring trade and all their appointment slots were booked for the night and some were booked for tomorrow afternoon.
In the dimly lit more private areas of the room couples and trios were engaged in intimate and, no doubt, pleasurable activities. As Gabby soaked in the pool with a frosted glass of wine she observed people, a favourite pastime of hers, noticing who were pairing up and pleased to see that people were generally choosing to interact with others who were not their partners or their direct family.
As she was lost in her observations she felt a body slide into the pool next to her and put his arm around her shoulder. Turning she noticed it was her son Steve.
"How's it going, Mom?" he asked.
"Great thanks. Just watching people; always an interesting pastime. How's it with you?"
"It's great, thanks. Trish has gone off for a massage so I thought I'd come and chat with you. We don't see each other very often, only Christmas and sometimes on birthdays. Trish wants a full massage treatment from the masseur, who she says is 'sooooo sexy', so I guess that leaves me free to play the field. It must be a couple of years since we made love, Mom, do you still feel up to it?"
Gabby was taken aback at first, being propositioned by her son, and her psychologist brain tried to analyse the situation. He was well built, handsome and she was curious about what sort of lover he was. If he was a great lover, why had Trish gone for a full service massage? Oh, what the hell, she thought, why not?
"Hmmm, I guess I could be persuaded," she replied, smiling, "What are you offering, big boy?"
For an answer she felt Steve take her hand and place it around his huge, rigid cock.
"Reckon you can fit this in somewhere?" he asked.
"I'm sure I can find room to squeeze it in somewhere. Where are you thinking?"
"Well, let's go to my room because I don't think Trish will be back for a while. Unless you want to do it in public, maybe over in the far corner on the fold out bed, or possibly even here, if you like, although that would mean I'd have to wear a condom."
"Your room sounds like a good idea. Have you got Trish's permission to play the field? I'd hate to break up your relationship or anything like that."
"Yes, we agreed that we can each take what we can get this weekend. So that's cool."
"OK, your room it is. Let's go."
They scrambled out of the pool, Gabby put her empty glass on a table and they headed off to Steve's room. As he shut the door she approached him, pressed her still damp body against his and gave him a deep kiss.
"It seems so strange thinking of you as a lover rather than a son," she murmured in his ear. "However, I'm certain I'll cope."
"Mmmm, probably no stranger than thinking of you as a lover rather than a mother."
He kissed her hard, their tongues duelling as he placed his hands firmly on her arse cheeks and pulled her pussy against his rock hard erection.
"You like what you feel?" he asked.
"Ooohhh yes, you're sooo big. I hope you know how to use it."
"Let's see, shall we?"
Effortlessly Steve picked Gabby up in his arms and carried her to the bed, placing her down on her back and moving a pillow under her hips.
"OK on your back or would you like it some other way?" he asked.
"Any way's a good way for me," she replied, "However you like."
He wasted no time in too much foreplay, spreading her legs and kissing and licking her pussy lips and clit. He then explored her cunt entrance with his fingers, spreading her lubrication around and thrusting one, then two and finally three fingers into her cunt, stimulating her G spot while his thumb rubbed her clit.
"Oooohhhh, I do like that," she commented, grasping his cock with one hand and kneading his balls with her other.
Steve positioned himself so she had better access and started playing with her nipples with his free hand, twisting and pulling them hard to cause pain, which he knew she loved.
"Oh yes, darling, twist them hard, pull them, mash my tits," she moaned.
After several minutes Steve positioned himself over Gabby and lined up his cock with her cunt opening.
"Are you ready for this?" he asked.
"Yessss, feed it to me hard. Shove your huge babymaker deep inside me. Make me cum."
At the mention of 'babymaker' he froze.
"You are using contraceptives, right?" he asked.
"No sweetheart, I haven't used contraceptives for a long time," she replied.
"Oh, should I wear a condom?"
"Absolutely not. Bareback is the only way. Todd is vasectomised so I don't need to be concerned with condoms. I haven't had a man apart from Todd for years. So yes, it is theoretically possible that you'll make me pregnant. I still ovulate but quite irregularly, so I don't know if this is a safe time or not. So this is Russian roulette. I'm prepared to take the chance, are you?"
"Omigod. What if you do have a baby?"
"I'll simply give it to you and Trish to raise as your own as David's brother or sister."
Steve thought about this for a few moments and came to a conclusion.
"OK, that's fine by me. Let's do it, if it's OK with you."
"Great by me," confirmed Gabby. "So, shove that huge babymaker inside me and let's roll the dice."
The thought that he could be going to make his mother pregnant was mindblowing for Steve. His cock just got harder, larger than it ever had been, as though it was seeking out a gullible ovum to impregnate. He realigned his cock and thrust forward, impaling Gabby's cunt as he slid easily into her dripping orifice.
"Yes, give it to me, push that babymaker into my poor unprotected cunt, impregnate me, make your baby inside me, make me fat and bloated with your kid."
Gabby continued talking baby-making talk as Steve thrust his cock fully inside her. He was amazed; she was much longer than Trish. He was able to thrust fully into her and just touch her cervix, while with Trish he still had at least an inch outside when she was full. He moved against his Mom, mashing her clit hard and trying to gain more pressure against his cock head.
They moved together wildly, thrashing about as they each sought greater stimulation, greater satisfaction. Their fucking became a wild melee, with hands gripping sensitive parts and tits, breasts and balls all suffering the consequences. Both Gabby and Steve felt themselves approaching their climaxes.
"Cum in me, darling, squirt your babymaking sperm into my defenceless pussy," continued Gabby and she thrust against Steve's hard cock and body until she arched her back and went rigid.
"I'm cumming," she screamed, thrashing about on the bed, "Cum with me, cum in me now."
Steve needed no more encouragement. He tensed his muscles and ejaculated what seemed like cupfuls of sperm against Gabby's unprotected cervix. As his orgasm washed over him, all he could see in his imagination were sperm swimming inside his Mom to fertilise an egg.
Together they came down from their orgasmic ecstasy in each other's arms, lying together, still connected as he felt his cock slowly shrink and Gabby felt his cum leaking out of her cunt.
"Oh darling, that was wonderful," she murmured in his ear, "So, so wonderful."
"It was fantastic. You're such a wonderful lover, sweetheart. I love you so much, not just as a Mom, but also as a lover. It was so fantastic knowing that I could be making a baby inside you. That was mindblowing."
"Well, darling, I do have a confession to make. I am not fertile because my menopause started last year and I no longer ovulate. Sorry."
"Oh. Why did you do that then Mom? Why did you say the things you said?"
"I guess I was carrying out a bit of psychological research. I wanted to see how you would respond. Your response was very interesting and shows me that you are quite happy to indulge in high risk activities, so just be careful with the decisions you make in life. I also thought that knowing there was a possibility of making a baby in me would make the whole scene really hot for you and give you a fantastic orgasm. Was I right?"
"Oh yes, right all the way. Thank you. That was probably the best orgasm I've ever had, but don't tell Trish that I was willing to take that risk, please. You can certainly tell her we made love though."
"Your secret is safe with me. Mom's the word," she laughed. "No hard feelings then?"
"No, definitely not."
"Terrific. I guess we'd better clean up your room and head back out then."
They had a final deep kiss, disengaged themselves, washed, remade the bed and headed out the door. They walked back to the spa pool arm in arm, collected drinks and then slid into the pool, soaking in the warm water.
A few minutes later Trish appeared at the pool and slid into the water next to Steve.
"How was your massage?" he asked.
"Divine! Darrel has wonderful firm hands and knows just how to use them to ease sore muscles. The whole process is so relaxing. How was your time without me? I see you've been chatting with your Mom."
"Pleased you found Darrel's massage so relaxing. I'll bet his hands weren't the only things that were firm though and that muscles weren't the only things that were eased."
Trish poked her tongue out at Steve. "Of course you're right. I'd have been very disappointed if they were. After all, it was a full service massage so I would have expected full service. Anyway, what have you and Mom been chatting about?"
"Well, actually we didn't do much chatting. We went to our room and had a full service discussion there, I guess you could say."
"You fucked?" Trish asked with a horrified look on her face.
"Of course, just like you and Darrel did."
"But we're not related."
"So? It's not the first time I've fucked Mom, and certainly Dana and her Dad fuck regularly, what's the problem?"
"But that's incest. It's illegal."
"It's only illegal because way back when people realised that inbreeding caused problems. As there was no contraception, they forbade sexual relations between close relatives. Now there is contraception so the law and the whole concept of incest are anachronistic. What better person to introduce someone to sex than a loving opposite gender parent? I hope you'll help David become a wonderful lover and have a healthy attitude towards sex, just as I will if we have a daughter. Speaking of which, when is your fertile time? About time we started trying for another baby isn't it?"
"Hmm, I do agree that you have some good points there and no it's not my fertile time at present, that's next weekend so you'll have time to recuperate. Anyway, let's go to bed. I want a blow by blow account of you making love to Gabby and I'll give you a blow by blow account of my interaction with Darrel. Of course we'll be making love while we tell each other, so I hope you're up to it."
"Rarin' to go," replied Steve, guiding Trish's hand to his hard cock. "Let's go."
Steve turned to Gabby and gave her a kiss. "Goodnight, Mom, darling, sweet lover. Trish and I are off to bed to share bedtime stories and fuck each other's brains out."
"Pleased to hear it, my son, my lover," replied Gabby, "Goodnight. Have fun."
Steve and Trish climbed out of the pool and Gabby watched them head off to their room, arms around each other's waist. Oh to be young again, thought Gabby.
Greg and Marcie were tired. It had been a long day and the organising of the event was taking its toll.
"Time for bed?" asked Marcie.
"I think so. Let's just head off. Everyone seems to be doing their own thing so we're no longer needed."
They walked to their room holding hands, as they usually did, entered and turned on the light.
"Mmmoomph what's happening?" asked a slurred voice from the bed.
"Omigod," exclaimed Marcie, quickly turning off the light, "I forgot all about Julie sharing our room and our bed. Sorry sweetie."
Julie reached up and turned on the bedside light, sitting up in bed.
"Sorry, I was tired and emotionally drained so I came to bed. I hope that was OK."
"Yes, it was fine," replied Marcie.
Greg had said nothing, rendered speechless by the vision before him. Even bleary-eyed from just having woken, Julie looked a picture from a wet dream with her long hair draping over her voluptuous breasts, only partly hidden by a beautiful baby doll nightie.
"Sweetheart," he managed at last, "You look gorgeous. Let me look at the rest of you please."
Marcie cast him a quick glance and noticed his cock responding visibly and rapidly. Julie smiled at him and slowly pushed the sheet lower, progressively exposing her abdomen, showing though a keyhole cutout in the front of her nightie, then her hips beneath the nightie and her exposed thighs beneath the lower edge, which just managed to cover her pussy.
"God you look gorgeous," murmured a stunned Greg, "I had forgotten just how beautiful you are. Even twenty years hasn't erased that beauty. Please, let me make love to you, darling."
"Oh yes, I've been waiting in bed for you as your present and surprise. I'm sorry I fell asleep; tired. It's been a long and emotionally draining day."
Greg climbed onto the bed alongside Julie, Marcie climbing in the other side. He gently and lovingly cupped her breasts as he kissed her lips.
"I've so missed the taste of your lips," he said quietly. "I thought you were gone forever. I'm so pleased you've returned. Can I unwrap my present now?"
"Oh yes, I'm just waiting to be unwrapped."
Greg slowly unbuttoned the fastenings down the front of her nightie, peeling back the thin fabric to reveal her breasts, kissing each one as it was revealed and gently supporting each with his hand while his thumbs stroked her nipples. He then proceeded downwards, caressing her abdomen, stopping just above her shaved pussy and cunt lips and spreading her nightie to reveal those treasures.
"I see you've continued shaving," he commented. "Thank you. You always looked so wonderfully young and vulnerable without hair to hide your tender lips and clit. I see your wonderful clit has grown even more during the years."
"Yes, probably from all the stimulation it's had. Maybe just waiting for you, darling."
Greg started gently stroking her long engorged clit as he eased the nightie off her shoulders and removed it from behind her, leaving her as naked as she had been all day. He gently pulled her lips away from her clit, noting the ring that pierced through the shaft of her clit near the base.
"Is that ring significant?" he asked.
"Yes, darling. I bought that and had it fitted just after I left here twenty years ago. Every time I made love with anyone it reminded me of you and of the love and security I had here. It is largely because of that ring that I returned today. In a way it is your ring and I have brought it home to you."
"Thank you," was all that Greg could say, choked by the emotions that this wonderful woman had caused him to feel.
After a few minutes he asked "How does it feel when you're making love?"
"Sometimes it can pull a little but usually it is very arousing. It's unusual for a woman to have a large enough clit for a ring through the shaft, usually a clit piercing means the clit hood is pierced. But as you can see I had my hood removed so that my clit is more obvious. It also stimulates me a great deal more so that I cum very easily. That's why, when I do wear clothes, and I prefer not to, I usually wear skirts without panties otherwise I cum in all sorts of places." She grinned as she remembered some of those experiences.
Marcie lay on her side facing Julie, her hand idly stroking Julie's side from armpit to upper thigh. She now reached around a little more and touched Julie's clit.
"Is it OK if I touch your clit, Julie?"
"Ooohhh, yes, I love my clit being touched, especially by a woman. They seem to know how to touch it sexily, unlike some men who are far too rough. Please rub it for me."
Marcie did, rubbing the length, watching as Julie started to gush juices from her cunt, the dewy liquid running down her lips and between her thighs. Marcie collected this on her fingers and applied it to the clit, changing from gentle rubbing to sexual stimulation of her enormous organ, more like a miniature cock than a clit.
Julie closed her eyes and relished the stimulation Marcie was providing. She knew that she could cum in less than a minute from this. She felt herself moving inexorably towards an orgasm and relaxed into this feeling, allowing it to intensify as Marcie's fingers played a relentless tune on her instrument of joy. A few seconds later she was there, writhing her hips, moaning softly as her whole body tensed in ecstasy. Greg massaged her breasts and nipples, adding to the sensations and extending the duration and intensity of the experience for Julie.
Gradually she floated back to earth, opened her eyes and smiled.
"You guys are fantastic," she said, kissing each in turn. "Why did I ever leave?"
Julie reached down and stroked Greg's cock, spreading his precum over the head, and with her other hand she gently caressed Marcie's gushing pussy.
"Did I turn you guys on?" she asked innocently.
"Oh yes, and how," said Marcie.
"Well, I guess we'll have to attend to that then," replied Julie.
She gently pushed Marcie onto her back and scooted down the bed so her face was level with Marcie's pussy. She began softly kissing and tonguing her clit and pussy lips. Meanwhile Greg had moved behind Julie, spreading her legs further and lining his cock up with her gushing cunt. He stroked his cock across her lips, spreading her lubrication, before gently eased it into her sopping love hole, pushing it fully into her in one long, steady stroke. Julie stopped her ministrations to Marcie's pussy and let out a long sigh as it went in, feeling it bottom out against her cervix. Once it was fully lodged inside, Julie started squirming her hips to try to gain more stimulation but Greg just held his cock loosely so that there was minimal movement between it and her pussy. Julie returned to eating Marcie, much to Marcie's delight.
Greg stayed firmly lodged inside Julie while he reached around her body and kneaded her hanging breasts, twisting and pulling her nipples and feeling them harden and elongate under his fingers. He then reached down to her clit, feeling how large this organ had grown now, and started jacking it like a cock. Julie's hips went into overdrive as she moaned against Marcie's pussy. Greg had a hard job keeping his cock still inside Julie's cunt as her hips thrashed from side to side due to the stimulation he was giving her clit.
"Omigod, omigod, omigod, like that, yes, yes, yessss!" shouted Julie as she came hard once again, going rigid, arching her back, throwing her head back and letting out a blood-curdling scream. Greg held his cock fully inside her cunt as she did this.
After what seemed like hours, but was actually about thirty seconds, she relaxed and slumped onto Marcie's legs, burying her face into her pussy, retaining Greg's cock deeply buried inside her. She turned her head so she could breathe and lay panting and gasping for air.
"That was so intense. Oh thank you so much. You really know how to make me cum."
After a few minutes Julie pushed herself up and resumed eating Marcie's pussy while Greg slowly started moving his cock in and out of her cunt, building himself up to his orgasm. As his fucking increased in speed and intensity he felt his balls slapping against her clit as he entered her on each stroke.
"Oh Greg, that's wonderful. Keep that up, keep fucking me hard, oh do it, do it, fuck me hard," babbled Julie, as she approached her third crashing orgasm in a few minutes.
Greg could no longer hold on; he had to cum. He felt the sensations rising from his balls and travelling through his body, causing intense tingling in his hands and feet and his whole world shifted to his cock inside Julie's cunt. With a triumphant cry he came, spurting his cum against Julie's cervix, triggering yet another orgasm for her. Instinctively she bit down hard on Marcie, clamping her clit between her teeth, driving Marcie to her own orgasm as she writhed in pain and ecstasy beneath Julie, trying to free her clit from Julie's death grip while trying also to prolong the amazing feelings that were tearing through her body.
After a few moments Julie loosened her jaw, freeing Marcie. Greg collapsed forward onto Julie's back, forcing her to also collapse onto Marcie. For a few terrifying seconds Marcie couldn't breathe, then she managed to wriggle sideways and gasp a few deep breaths of air. Greg removed his weight from Julie, and Julie rolled off Marcie, Greg's cock popping out of Julie's cunt as she did so.
"Whew, that was so intense," said Julie. "That was just awesome. How's your pussy and clit, Marcie? I'm so sorry I bit so hard; I certainly didn't mean to hurt you."
"Mmmm, you bit really hard, it hurt like hell, but it also drove me to one of the most intense orgasms I've ever had. I love pain, but I also love having a clit. I'm sure that it's all still intact. Can you have a look for me please?"
Julie inspected Marcie's clit, noting the red teeth marks around it.
"Yes, it looks fine. Probably sore for a few days but I'll make sure I give it lots of gentle attention during that time."
"Thank you. How's your clit now?"
Julie lay on her back, legs apart and allowed Marcie and Greg to inspect her huge clit.
"You could almost fuck with it," said Marcie. "Can we try that sometime please?"
"Yes, of course. I'm sure Greg would like to watch also."
"Oh yes. I love watching girl on girl action. Makes me real hot and horny. What amazes me is that they can just go on and on, orgasm after orgasm, unlike us guys. It was OK when I was younger but now once a night is about all I can manage. Although with two sexy wenches in bed with me, maybe that could be one cum each a night. We'll just have to see what happens. At least if I can't perform you have each other now."
"Sleep time, I think," declared Marcie.
They lay spooned together, Greg in the middle with his arm around Julie, idly stroking her clit and feeling her body respond gently, his cock lodged between her arse cheeks, and the feel of Marcie's hard nipples pressing into his back. Did life get any better than this, he wondered as he drifted off to sleep.
Saturday morning and people started to drift in to breakfast, mostly newly showered to remove all traces of lovemaking the previous night. A few swam for a while before eating but most simply helped themselves to breakfast, ably prepared by Pam, then sat outside and talked and ate.
Marcie and Greg needed to sort out the day's program. As Marcie walked past the notice board she read "Wanted, a male able to whip my pussy really well and hard with a single tail whip. Please see Amy. Sunday morning preferred."
Hmmm, thought Marcie, Todd would be the guy for that. Accuracy using a single tail whip is his forte. She read on:
"Any guys wishing to sample baby food from source please see Peta." Beneath it had been written "Or Steph" and beneath that had been written "Or Trish". OK, thought Marcie, we have three lactating moms here and they are obviously happy with how their babes are being fed so want to offer themselves to community service.
Marcie looked at the booking schedules. She noted that some women wanted another Sybian session, the massages were well booked and there was a growing list of people wanting piercings tomorrow for their commemorative rings. She noticed Julie's name on the list and wondered where she would have this ring fitted.
Greg, Julie and Marcie sat together eating breakfast when there was a small commotion in the kitchen. Looking up they noticed that Damian and Rosie had arrived, closely followed by Amy and Jeff. All four looked slightly embarrassed at the attention they were receiving.
"So you're all legal and the deeds have been done?" asked Trudi.
There were muttered agreements from the four.
"I hope you made the most of it and really enjoyed yourselves," said Pam. "That night only happens once in a person's lifetime, you know."
"Yes, Grandma, we know," replied Amy for them all.
"So come on, no holding back, give us the details," demanded Todd with a grin.
"Oh dear, do we have to?" asked Rosie.
"'Fraid so, it's all part of the process," confirmed Dana. "So who fucked who, when, how, how many times?"
Amy bit the bullet and spoke for them all, keeping to the big picture and allowing people to fill in the details from their imaginations, if they chose.
"Well, for last night I know what we did and will just have to guess what they did by what we heard. Last night Jeff and I made sweet passionate love and we both came wonderfully hard with intense fulfilling orgasms. I know I screamed." She paused, watching people's reactions to what she was saying, knowing that she was deliberately using words to create images and elicit responses. She wasn't disappointed. She noticed several cocks were twitching and growing semi-hard, couples were drawing each other closer, women were gently and unconsciously touching their pussy areas. The thought briefly flashed through her mind that she was fortunate to have a psychologist as a mother. She continued.
"Then after we had cum, we heard Rosie scream a blood-curdling scream presumably as she came on Damian's cock. After that it was peaceful and we slept. We woke this morning and lay there in bed, caressing each other, and heard movement next door. So I tapped on the wall and asked if they could hear us. They replied they could, so I asked if they wanted to swap. There were a few minutes silence, during which they probably had a whispered conversation, as we did because I hadn't asked Jeff if he was interested, and the reply came back yes.
"So Rosie and I changed rooms, giving each other a hug as we passed. I also asked Rosie if we wanted to watch each other, because I love watching people make love whenever possible, and she said she was willing but didn't know about Damian. I didn't know about Jeff either, so we scooted back and asked the guys who were very happy with that arrangement. So all of us ended up in our room making love together on the big bed.
"I can't speak for the other three, but I found it really enjoyable and sexually arousing watching Rosie take Jeff's cock inside her while Damian fucked me deeply."
She paused, watching cocks come to attention all round.
"Anyway, to cut a long story short, Jeff and Damian both came hard, deeply embedded in the other's partner, then they each lay on the bed caressing their current lover for a while. Then Rosie and I decided we needed some more action and rolled together and started kissing each other.
"Jeff and Damian had a whispered conversation and Jeff headed into the Dungeon, returning after a couple of minutes with a double ended dildo and some string. Our clits were quite prominent because they are larger than normal and the sex we'd had made them even more engorged than usual. So Jeff and Damian each tied a piece of string around our clits, quite tightly so they wouldn't slip out, then had us lie together in scissor fashion, pushing an end of the dildo into each of our cunts. They then pushed us together so that our pussies were almost touching and tied the strings from our clits together. We could move a small amount, any more and we pulled on our clits painfully.
By now we were feeling very sexy indeed. Nothing like having your clit tied and a dildo in your cunt to turn you on, as you women would know. So we began moving together, trying to stimulate ourselves to cum without hurting our clits. The guys just watched fascinated and gently stroked their hard cocks while we wriggled and moved against each other. After about ten frustrating minutes Rosie came hard, screaming and writhing about, pulling on both our clits very painfully. I was so close that the added pain pushed me over the edge and I came hard also, continuing the painful experience as I pulled both our clits.
After a short time we both lay still, taking stock of our injuries while the guys untied our clits and we could roll apart and remove the dildo. Then Jeff fucked me hard while Damian fucked Rosie hard and they both came again quite quickly."
Rosie gasped, blushed deep red and said "Amy, do you have to? Please stop there."
"Sure I have to and no I won't stop, I'll tell the whole story," replied Amy, "It happened. Nothing to be ashamed about."
She then continued with her story.
"That left Rosie and I hanging, needing to cum. So we switched to a 69 and licked and sucked each other to very satisfying orgasms."
Rosie hid her face in her hands, blushing furiously again.
"Watching two gorgeous girls cum on each other's tongue is guaranteed to arouse any guy who's not a eunuch. So by the time we'd finished they were raring to go again, cocks standing to attention nicely, just as I see many are right now." She smiled as several guys tried to cover their obvious arousal.
"There was only one thing for it, more sex. The question was, who would fuck whom? So we tossed for partners. I won Damian so we fucked again while Jeff and Rosie watched and helped, Jeff massaging my tits while Rosie massaged Damian's balls. Needless to say we both came hard. Then it was their turn, with our help in a similar manner, and they both achieved massive orgasms. We then showered together and here we are. Temporarily fucked out and more than ready for breakfast."
There was spontaneous applause from all the listeners, many of whom were obviously ready for some action themselves. They drifted away from the kitchen, several couples, not necessarily in their established pairings, moving to the far side of the pool area where they could be seen meeting their obvious and urgent needs.
"That was a great summary, Amy," said Rosie as they ate breakfast, "Embarrassing, but great".
"Well, I thought we'd better tell them what happened otherwise we'd be hounded for details all day. Now we can get on with the day without hassles."
"Great idea," asserted Jeff. "Now, where to from here?"
"Well, I think this morning we need to be inducted into the polyamory group," started Damian, "And then I want to continue challenging myself, and hopefully Rosie as well, in the Dungeon for the remainder of the day. It's also great weather so a swim and sunbathe will be awesome at lunchtime. I'm guessing that we'll all be cumming in the Dungeon so there's really no need to schedule love making time today, that can be for tonight after or at 'Dana's' and we definitely need a final fuck swap tomorrow before we depart. Are you two getting pierced sometime?"
"Yes, we think so," replied Jeff. "I know that Amy wants her clit hood pierced so I guess this is a good time. I'm not into piercing really except on Amy, but she won't get one unless I have one also. So I think I'll have my cock pierced somewhere. I guess we'll need to have that done last thing so it doesn't limit our activities here so we'd better book quickly. How about you?"
"Yes, we're both keen to have it done, same places as you guys," replied Rosie. "Let's go and book straight after breakfast then we'll know when we can have a final partner swap before our sexy bits are put out of action for a while."
They booked consecutive appointment times between 2 and 3pm Sunday giving themselves time to catch their flights home Sunday evening and allowing plenty of time for their planned partner swap session. As they walked past the notice board Jeff noticed Amy's request for someone to whip her pussy hard.
"Hey, Amy, are you serious about this?" he asked.
"Yes, absolutely certain. I want someone, not you, to beat my pussy to a pulp, well, maybe not quite to a pulp, but certainly I'm OK if there is permanent damage including the possibility that I either lose my clit or it is put out of action. It's a long story and I'll tell it after I have been beaten. Don't try to stop me, I am determined that I need to face some demons and that now is the time to do it. I figured if I was going to be out of action for a piercing, I may as well be totally out of action and have this necessary cathartic experience. I see Todd has volunteered to help out. I guess my clit piercing will depend on whether I still have a clit to pierce by then."
Amy went to the board and wrote under Todd's offer "Thanks. To take place in the Dungeon at midday Sunday. Spectators welcome."
"There," she told Jeff, "All done. So we need to have our partner swap sex before midday."
"I hope you know what you're doing," said Rosie, "It's certainly not something I would like."
"Ah well, each to his or her own," replied Amy with a grin. "I'll bet you'll be there to watch though."
"Ooohhh yes, I surely will. I think everyone will. It's not every day you see a gorgeous naked pussy being beaten to pulp, as you put it. Maybe there won't be anything left to pierce," she joked.
"So does that mean sex is off the agenda for a while," asked a concerned Jeff.
"Yes, but remember your cock will be too sore from its new ring for you to be concerned. And just think how great it will be once we resume, assuming I still have a clit and pussy lips."
Marcie approached them. "Do you guys want to be inducted into the polyamory group now? She asked.
"Definitely," they replied.
Marcie went back to the kitchen area. "I have an announcement," she began, waiting for conversations to hush and lovemaking couples outside to pause. "Rosie, Amy, Damian and Jeff will be inducted at 11am this morning in the Dungeon, that's in twenty minutes. Everyone's welcome."
Conversation returned to normal and Todd came over to Amy.
"Are you happy with me whipping you tomorrow?" he asked.
"Oohhh yes, thank you for offering. I understand you're a master of the single tailed whip. Your reputation is amazing," replied Amy.
"So what brought this on?" asked Todd.
"Well, I've always liked pain and I find it very arousing. But until now I've just been whipped with multi-tailed pussy whips on my pussy and breasts. And Jeff is too afraid of hurting me to hurt me, if you know what I mean. So I figured this was a wonderful opportunity. I'll be out of action because I'm having my clit hood pierced, so I may as well be out of action for a whipping as well. There are also some issues that I need to deal with but I'll tell everyone about them after the whipping session, if I am still able, that is."
"OK, good reasons. So how much would be too much?"
"Well, it would be a bonus if all my bits were still intact when you've finished. But if they're not then that's also OK. If you cut my lips or clit off that's OK so you mustn't feel bad about it at all. I expect you to do damage like splitting my cunt lips and drawing blood. I'm sure that Marcie can take care of any stitching required. If there is any permanent nerve damage then that's the price I am willing to pay as is the loss of feeling or sensitivity in my clit or even the loss of my entire clit."
"That sounds like you mean business and would seem to be a pretty serious beating you're wanting. How about caning as well?"
"Yes, caning sounds fine to me. I guess that you can cane harder than whipping because the end of the whip can do a lot of damage as it exceeds the speed of sound sometimes, whereas a cane is hitting onto me rather than across my skin area. So while I do want the whip, caning would also be great please. But I do want the whip for the catharsis that I need."
"OK, so can I have a preliminary look at the target please?"
Amy sat down on a chair and spread her legs wide, Todd crouched down for a better view, pulling her lips apart to examine inside.
"How do you want to be positioned?"
"I want to lie on my back on a punishment table, with my body and arms strapped down. Then I want my legs folded back and held at the ankles only, pushing my pussy into the air, providing great access but also allowing me to hold my legs together or apart so that I know and people can see that I am opening my legs voluntarily rather than having them held apart. I also can't be gagged because I want to be whipped until I say the safe word and I want to hear my screams loudly."
"Hmmm, that sounds like an interesting challenge you've set yourself. How many strokes do you want?"
"Until I use the safe word or until I pass out. I can't predict how many because I don't have any idea how I will feel. I do know that when I am being punished I zone out, allowing myself to not feel the pain. I haven't quite got to the stage that Mom and Dana talk about where the pain is instantly transferred to sexual ecstasy. I guess this is another step along the way and hopefully that will happen, hopefully this weekend."
"OK, all sounds good to me. See you tomorrow at midday if not before. Enjoy."
Todd stood up and walked away, wondering if she would still be interested in doing this after the whip demonstration that he had scheduled at 'Dana's' tonight. He knew that sometimes the volunteer target had ended in hospital after these sessions, but was also aware that they had always thanked him profusely with gifts and sexual favours after they had healed. He thought, not for the first time, how strange people were and came to the same conclusion as before; people disliked monotony and would do anything, even very painful and dangerous things, to bring some adrenaline into their lives.
At 11am most people were gathered in the Dungeon for the induction. Amy and Jeff had chosen to go first and Amy was positioned over the tapered dildo, wondering how this monster was supposed to fit inside her. Jeff was crouched over the ten pound weights attached to his balls wondering whether they would be pulled off.
"Are we all ready?" asked Dana, who was supervisor once again.
Amy and Jeff nodded so Dana raised the dildo so its narrow two inch end approached Amy's pussy lips, rising to part the lips and continuing to enter her cunt. Dana stopped the dildo once it was about two inches inside and instructed Jeff to stand up, lifting the ten pound weight with his balls. Jeff felt the weight stretching his ball sac, pulling painfully on the cords inside as well as the surface skin. Still he stood, the weights dangling above the floor, a grimace of pain on his face as he watched Amy struggle to keep her feet together. Just let it happen, he wished so his ordeal could be over.
Amy tried to keep her feet together but with no sideways resistance from the floor they kept sliding apart. Already, after only a few moments, she felt her inside thigh muscles spasming from stress and knew that she wouldn't be able to keep her feet close to the pole for very long. She tried relaxing her muscles, feeling her feet slide sideways and her cunt drop further onto the dildo, spreading her pussy lips as it did so. There was no going back, she found, when she tried to bring her feet together and found that she could not move them. Well, she thought, if it was going to happen, then let it happen.
Slowly and as carefully as she could she reduced the tension in her thigh muscles, feeling and watching her feet slide slowly sideways, feeling the giant intruder thrust deeper into her cunt, stretch her pussy lips wider. She didn't react, instead feeling the sexual arousal that having such a huge dildo in her cunt brought to her. Apart from the stretching pain, it really wasn't too bad, she decided. She dropped lower and lower, inch by inch until Dana told her that she was two inches from the end. She felt like she would split in half, but also felt extremely aroused and, unbelievably, like she was almost ready to cum. These feelings of intense arousal dulled the pain and she released her thigh muscles, dropping quickly until the dildo hit her cervix.
The pain of this encounter brought her back to reality and she tried, unsuccessfully, to lift herself up. She wriggled her hips, dislodging the end of the dildo from her cervix, allowing it to penetrate a small amount further until it was resting, painfully but arousingly, beside her cervix. Her clit pressed against the curved guard. She was now fully penetrated by the dildo, she had achieved her goal, yet she was so close to cumming that she didn't want to stop now. Desperately she wriggled her hips, seeking the last tiny bit of stimulation to push her over the edge.
Dana looked on with some concern, as did Amy's parents, Gabby and Chris. By rights she should now be saying the safe word and it would all be over but instead she was wriggling on the dildo, obviously trying to cum. Dana approached her.
"Would you like me to rub your clit for you, Amy?"
"Oh yes please. I'm so, so close to cumming. Please rub my clit."
Dana rubbed her clit gently and Amy felt pulses like liquid electricity surge through her body and bounce back to focus on her clit, driving her towards a huge orgasm. She tumbled over the cliff, writhing, screaming, shuddering as she fell down the steep slope of orgasm. After a few moments she calmed down and the pain of her overstretched cunt and cruelly crushed clit came with a rush.
"Pomegranate, pomegranate," she cried, "Get me off this now please."
Dana supported her and lifted her as Todd lowered the dildo. Jeff crouched down, relieving the pain in his swollen balls and stretched scrotum as the weights rested on the ground. The rest of the onlookers burst into applause.
Jeff and Amy were freed from all restraints and hugged by family members as they went to lie on the bed to recover. They cuddled each other, Jeff feeling Amy's wide open cunt while she gently massaged his sore balls.
"That was so painful," said Jeff, "At least you got to cum."
"Yes, that was very nice but after I came and the endorphins left, the pain was unbearable. Sorry I took so long and made you hold the weights up for so long."
"That's OK, sweetheart. Just don't expect miracles tonight though."
"I'm sure we'll be fine very soon. The others all recovered quickly with no ill effects, so we will too."
Meanwhile Damian and a very nervous Rosie had been prepared in position.
"I don't want to go through with this," Rosie told Dana.
"That's fine," replied Dana, "But just be aware that you will be the only couple who haven't suffered this ordeal. Technically you will not be permitted as of right to fuck others who have gone through this. Just remember how much you both liked swapping partners this morning. Without this you possibly won't be able to do that again. No pressure though; it is and always will be your body, so your choice."
Rosie bit her bottom lip, knowing how much she wanted to fuck with the other guys here, to be a full and complete member of the extended family, yet how she dreaded pain. As she thought about this and the times she had suffered pain, she suddenly realised that the fear she had of pain was far worse than the actual pain itself. Here was her opportunity to overcome this fear once and for all. She made up her mind to do it and to enjoy and welcome the pain.
"OK, let's do it," she told Dana.
Dana gave her a hug and raised the dildo, again inserting it a couple of inches into her cunt. At the same time Damian stood up, feeling the weights stretch his balls. Immediately Rosie felt the tension in her thigh muscles and knew this would be a short trip down the dildo. She pushed the fear to the back of her mind, focussing only on the anticipated feelings of stretching and fulfilment that she wished to feel; the feelings of being a real woman accepted into this group. Her feet slipped sideways and she dropped onto the dildo. Without too much thought, she simply let it happen. She felt sharp pains in her pussy as the huge intruder stretched her lips and her cunt walls. Still she relaxed and dropped further.
Those in the group of onlookers who had seen this procedure several times were amazed how Rosie appeared to accept that dropping onto the dildo was inevitable, so dropping fast would get it over with fast. Dana was concerned in case she tore the skin at the entrance to her cunt because she was stretching it too fast, but there was little she could do at this stage.
Rosie felt the dildo ravaging her insides, going deeper quickly and spreading her pussy lips painfully. I guess this must be like having a baby, she thought. She continued to drop until she felt the rubber cup on the end of the dildo press against her cervix. Ouch, she thought, then quickly twisted her hips to reposition the dildo, allowing it to continue to sink into her until her clit pressing against the guard told her she was there.
Whew, she thought, made it. Now what? She tuned in to her body, feeling how her cunt and lips really felt, relaxing as she let go and just accepted what was right now. She examined that part of her that held the fear and found that in the achieving of the goal, the fear had disappeared. So that's how to overcome fear, she thought.
She came back to the present. Opened her eyes and saw Damian holding up the weights with his balls, his eyes pleading with her to say the safe word and end his agony.
"Pomegranate, Dana. I think we're done here now."
Dana was amazed by Rosie's performance and wondered where she had found the inner strength to carry out this induction in such a majestic manner. She made a mental note to have a chat about this with Rosie sometime, but meantime she supported Rosie, Todd lowered the dildo and Damian set the weights on the floor with a sigh of relief.
Once they were both freed from their means of torture, they walked arm in arm and sat on the bed beside Amy and Jeff. They quietly discussed what had happened, each of them feeling the wide open cunts of the women and the swollen balls of the guys.
"So how do we feel about swapping partners tonight then?" asked Rosie.
"I don't know," replied Amy, "Depends on what happens at 'Dana's' I guess. We might all be totally fucked out by tonight."
"OK, let's wait and see what happens," replied Rosie. "When I was there being opened up I had the realisation that the best way to deal with fear is to confront it head on. I realised that it was just the fear of pain that I hated, not the pain itself. Now for years, right from when I was a child brought up in a sexually repressed family, I've had a fear of being raped. I want to lose that fear. Today or sometime during this weekend I want to be raped. I don't want to know when it will happen, or where, or by whom, I want all that to be a surprise. Can you guys organise that for me please?"
"Well, are you sure of this?" asked Damian. "I mean rape can be pretty brutal."
"That's why I want to lose the fear of it. It's also why this is the perfect setting. Nobody here wants to hurt anyone, which is quite different from the real thing out in the real world. So although I will know when it happens here that it is just a scenario, my body and my fear won't know this so they will be fooled. Once it has happened and there are no ill effects, then my fear can go, just as my fear before went as soon as I relaxed and accepted the inevitable. Most of our fears are of how we think things will be, and that is usually far worse than they actually are. So will you all arrange this for me please?"
They all agreed to arrange for Rosie to be raped, which felt really strange to even think about.
While this discussion had been taking place, others were using the equipment in the room and exploring how different things felt. They watched the closest couple, Olivia and Stu, as Stu pushed short hypodermic needles into Olivia's breasts and through her nipples. Each time he pushed a needle in Olivia would close her eyes, grimace in pain, then when it was firmly embedded, she would smile and give him a kiss. As they watched he inserted twenty needles, eight into each breast and two through each nipple.
"Do you want me to remove them now?" he asked her.
"Oh no, they feel fine at present. It's just when the steel is moving through the flesh that it hurts."
"So what now?" he asked.
"I want to push some into you," she said with a smile, reaching for the box of sterile needles. "Sit down next to Amy on the bed, lie on your back and let me shove these into your cock and balls please."
Stu assumed the position described and Olivia looked at his almost fully engorged cock, trying to decide what to do. Her mind made up, she took a long needle, pulled his foreskin over his cock head, squeezed the sides of his foreskin together and pushed the needle through both layers of foreskin, holding it over his cock head.
"That should slow down your fucking," she said with a smile.
She repeated the process through the other way, then added two more needles at right angles to the first two. She slowly and carefully moved his outer skin up and down his cock, watching how the needle hole responded to pressure.
"Now, I wonder how your balls would like this."
She isolated one of his balls at the lower end of his sac and pushed a long needle quickly through the ball and out the other side. Stu winced as it entered and exited, but gave no indication of pain while it was moving through the ball itself. Olivia repeated the process with the other ball. I think we should just check a few things. I don't want you to become a eunuch, well, not yet anyway. I want some kids from you first.
Olivia called Marcie over and asked her to comment on their needlework.
"All good so far," she replied, "Notice that these are very fine needles. If you wanted to use thicker needles they would be fine through the foreskin and in your breasts and nipples, but not in the balls. One of the problems with putting needles in balls is that balls tend to move a great deal, up and down as well as sideways, depending on temperature and sexual arousal, among other things. So best not to insert needles through them or if you do, don't leave them very long."
"OK, thanks for that," replied Olivia, taking a firm hold on each of the needles through Stu's balls and pulling them out suddenly.
"Owwww," yelled Stu, causing many people to look at him to see if he was OK, "That really hurt."
"I thought it would," replied Olivia. "I know that it will hurt a great deal when you remove my needles so I thought I'd get in first."
"Well, you've been a bad girl, now lie on the bed, face down, knees on the floor and it's time I punished you."
Olivia pouted in mock fear, then blew him a kiss and bent over the edge of the bed as instructed. She pressed her breasts into the bed feeling the burn of pain from the needles and noticing that, like her mother, this pain could change easily and instantly into sexual pleasure.
Stu came back with a riding crop and a leather paddle.
"Right, girlie, this is to teach you a lesson," he growled.
"Oooohhh, I promise I'll be a naughty girl again soon then."
He took the paddle and applied several strokes to her smooth arse cheeks, causing them to begin the process of reddening.
"Count the strokes," he commanded.
"Yes Master," replied Olivia. "I think that's four so far."
"No, those were just practice. Start from now. How many do you think you deserve?"
"At least twenty, maybe thirty if I forget to count."
"Right, thirty it is then."
Whack.
"One, Master."
Whack.
"Two, Master."
Stu continued to beat Olivia's arse with the paddle while she counted and the tanned skin on her cheeks slowly began to glow a fiery red.
Whack.
"Twenty nine, Master."
Whack.
"Thirty, Master."
Stu put down the paddle and ran his hands over her hot cheeks.
"Now for the riding crop," he announced. "How many strokes do you deserve with this?"
"Fifteen, Master."
"OK, fifteen it is. Start counting."
Stu repositioned her on the floor so that her arse was high in the air, her breasts were resting on the floor, pressing the needles in painfully, and her knees were wide apart, fully exposing her sensitive cunt entrance and open pussy lips. He stood over her, facing her feet, and carefully lined up the riding crop, landing a moderate blow on her inner thigh an inch below her left pussy lip.
"Owww! One, Master."
The next blow was in the same place on the right hand side.
"Owww! Two, Master."
The third stroke was directly between the first two, landing between her pussy lips right at the entrance to her cunt. Olivia let out a howl, stopping everyone in their tracks, and collapsed onto the floor, writhing in pain. She slowly returned to her original position.
"Three, Master."
Stu landed his next blow again on the left hand side, but on, instead of below, her pussy lip.
"Oooooowwwww, " she cried wriggling her arse, "Four, Master."
The fifth was a repeat on the right hand side, then for the sixth Stu reached forward and made an upward stroke, landing the crop directly on her clit. Once again Olivia screamed in agony and collapsed forward, lying panting on the floor as her needles were pressed cruelly into her breasts. Slowly she resumed her position.
"Six, Master."
The beating continued, each third stroke landing between her pussy lips or directly on her clit, causing howls of pain and a collapse onto the needles in her breasts. The thirteenth and fourteenth strokes were a lot harder onto her pussy lips and Olivia waited in dread for the last stroke.
Stu smiled in anticipation as he took careful aim for her clit, then made his hardest possible stroke, landing the leather ends directly on her clit. Olivia gave a howl of pain, followed closely by a cry of ecstasy.
"I'm cumming, I'm cumming, ooooohhhh, how beautiful, oh, oh, oh, yessss."
Olivia continued to writhe on the floor for at least a minute, grinding the needles in her breasts, as waves of orgasm wracked her body. Slowly she came down from her high and felt the pain once again wash through her body as her breasts continued to move against the hard floor. She rolled over quickly.
"Darling, that was wonderful but please, please take these damn needles out of me. They hurt like hell."
Stu bent down and gave her a kiss before quickly and skilfully removing the needles through her nipples first, then the ones pushed straight into her breasts. Olivia lay still, wincing slightly as each needle was removed, until the last was gone when she reached up to Stu and drew him down to her in a warm and tender kiss.
"That was awesome," she said. "Can we do that again very soon please?"
"Yes, my darling, we will. But right now, please remove the needles from my foreskin. My cock is fully erect and it's really painful."
"Sorry, sweetheart, I forgot."
Olivia removed the four needles quickly, watching Stu wince each time, then released his foreskin, allowing his cock to assume its normal erect status.
"Darling, I want it in me, now please."
Stu obliged, pushing his cock into her cunt through her swollen red lips.
"Oooohhhh, darling, that hurts so good. Please fuck me hard. If I cry out just ignore it. Fuck me."
Stu fucked her hard on the floor as she lay, watching her face as he crushed her sore clit and pounded her bruised arse cheeks into the carpet. She came again after just ten thrusts, he came after two more, their bodies shuddering and writhing together while many of the groups watched in awe. Slowly they came back to reality, grinned up at the faces looking down at them, disconnected, stood and went to clean up.
Damian, Amy and Jeff discussed Rosie's request to be raped. They agreed that this afternoon was as good a chance as any they would have and that it would take place in the Dungeon. They also thought a gang bang would be appropriate, thinking three guys would be a good number, and choosing Todd, Chris and Steve as the rapists. They each agreed who they would ask and what they would say to them. They also agreed that the action was to start at 4pm. Amy offered to ensure that Rosie was in the Dungeon at that time.
Bridget and Rae approached Dana and asked if they had a wooden horse to ride. They had both heard of this torture device but had never seen one and thought they would like to try it.
Dana set up the wooden horse between the frame supports and placed the blocks on the floor for mounting.
"Do you want to ride it together or separately?" she asked them.
"Together, please, don't we?" asked Rae.
"Yes, definitely together," confirmed Bridget.
"Do you want your nipples clamped and connected together?" asked Dana.
"Ooohhh, that sounds so hot," said Bridget, "Yes please."
"Right, so remember the safe word if you want to be let down."
Dana helped them mount the horse, with the beam a few inches below their pussies. She tied their hands out to the sides so they could be used for balance but not to take their weight. She then adjusted the blocks beneath their feet so that their pussies were the same distance above the beam. She fitted double ended nipple clamps so that they had very limited movement; if one moved it would pull the clamp on both their nipples. She then raised the beam until they were forced to stand on tip toes in order to keep their tender pussy lips from being crushed on the sharp upper corner of the beam. Dana then stepped away and watched.
"Now what?" asked Rae.
"Hmmm, we'll think of something," replied Dana with a smile.
After a few minutes Rae began to see the situation as it was. Her legs were tiring and she felt that she was slowly lowering herself and her lips were pressing harder onto the beam. Bridget also felt the burning in her calf muscles and felt the pull on her nipples as Rae slowly lowered herself. She followed Rae down, feeling the pressure increase on her lips, with no corresponding lessening of pain in her muscles.
"I can't hold on," said Rae as she relaxed her calf muscles, dropping onto the beam and pulling Bridget down with her.
"Aaaaarrrrggghhhh!" yelled Rae and Bridget together as their pussy lips and perineum were crushed against the sharp edge of the wooden horse. Quickly they pushed down with their feet, raising themselves off the beam on sore, overworked calf muscles.
This process was repeated several times, each time the up time lessened and the down time increased until they could no longer raise themselves off the beam. They rested their heads on each other's shoulders and wept silently in agony.
"Do we use the safe word?" asked Rae.
"Not yet," replied Bridget.
"Then when?"
"I don't know. Just not yet."
"You must be a pain slut," complained Rae.
"Probably," agreed Bridget.
They rallied slightly, lifting themselves up for less than a minute before collapsing onto the beam again. After resting there for a few minutes, Rae said "Pomegranate."
Dana dropped the beam and released the women, who walked to the bed, sat down and examined each other's pussies. Noting the deep red marks on their lips, knowing that this would soon turn to dark bruises.
"Lucky our clits are still intact," said Rae.
"Yes," replied Bridget ruefully. "We'll still have to be careful when fucking though."
"We'll just have to encourage Gene to get a ring through his cock to slow him down for a while."
Rosie was quietly watching as Dana showed Peta how to crush Justin's balls with a device similar to a garlic press. He was standing tied in a frame with his legs wide apart as Peta, under Dana's watchful eye, tightened the screw to close the carefully shaped clamp. She was being very careful not to pinch the skin of his scrotum in the device while also watching his face to gauge his response to the increasing pressure. She was also feeling very sexy, turned on by her actions which she had dreamed of for so long.
Without warning Rosie felt a black blindfold placed over her eyes and at the same time her hands were grasped firmly behind her back.
"What the....? Let me go now. What do you think you're doing?" she screamed.
Dana looked up and saw that Todd was responsible for this. Dana and Marcie had been briefed about the rape scenario that was to take place so she was able to quietly reassure those closest that all was well, it was just a scenario.
Todd finished securing the blindfold and Chris and Steve helped him drag the struggling and voluble Rosie to the bed. There she was placed on her back and they secured her wrists and ankles to the corners. She continued struggling, demanding to be released. Peta released Justin from the frame but left the clamp on his balls and together they joined the group of onlookers near the bed.
"What the hell do you think you're doing? Let me go now. I will not tolerate such behaviour. Release me this ...."
Todd slapped her breasts quickly, a left hand followed immediately by a right hand to the outsides.
"Shut the fuck up, slut," he commanded in a gruff, disguised voice. "If you think you can parade around here, waving your pussy under all the guys noses and not letting them fuck you then you have another think coming," he growled. "You're just a slutty cock tease and it's time you were taught a lesson, so that's what's going to happen now. So just shut up and stop struggling. You can't get away."
Dana did a good job of controlling the onlookers, preventing them from interfering. Rosie continued to struggle as she tried to escape from her secure bonds.
Jeff and Chris held her knees, stretching them outwards as far as they would go to expose her sopping wet pussy.
"You like this, don't you," growled Todd, still in a disguised voice. "Your pussy is sopping wet, just asking to be fucked. What a slut you are! So a good hard fucking is what you'll get."
He slapped her pussy lips with his hand, causing a string of obscenities from Rosie. He slapped her again, on the insides of both thighs, her breasts and her pussy lips.
"Don't you fuckin' talk to me like that," he shouted, "You just mind what you say. We'll do what we fuckin' well like and mind you show us some respect, slut."
With that he lay on her, pressing his weight onto her breasts and abdomen while Jeff and Chris spread her knees still further apart. Todd lined up his cock with her cunt entrance and pushed his huge engorged cock in as far as it would go, pressing against and crushing her clit.
"Owwww, you bastard, get that thing out of me, it's too big, it hurts, get it out, you're not allowed to put it there, you'll wreck my poor little pussy with that huge cock, get it ou...."
Todd gave her another hard slap to each of her breasts.
"Shut up," he told her. "If I hear another word from you I really will hurt you, slut. It's time you learnt your place."
He proceeded to fuck her hard and fast, ignoring her constant moans and paying no attention to her needs. He simply fucked her as he assumed a rapist would, for his own pleasure entirely. After a few minutes he came inside her.
"Take my baby-making cum, slut. Let's hope it makes a baby grow in your belly." He thrust his cock into her cunt as far as it would go and spurted his cum against her cervix.
"No, no, no, don't cum in me, I have no protection and it's my fertile time, no, please don't, noooo...."
Out of the corner of his eye Todd noticed Dana again reassuring people that all was well, it was just a scenario, albeit a very realistic one. He noticed Damian looking on with a worried frown on his face, probably wondering if they had gone too far this time. Then Todd remembered the safe word that Rosie knew and had not used, and he relaxed a little.
Todd gave her another slap on her breasts, then withdrew his cock and wiped it on her thigh. He stepped back and Steve took his place while Todd replaced him, holding her knees to keep her widely spread. Steve lay on Rosie and in one movement thrust his cock deep in her cunt.
"Oooohhh, no, no more, no more, please no more, I can't take any more, my poor little cunt will be useless, no more, no...."
Todd gave her a slap on the side of her arse cheek and told her to shut up. She did, but continued moaning as Steve also started fucking her hard and fast, making sure that he crushed her clit with each stroke. Todd noticed that Trish was looking on with her hand over her wide open mouth and a shocked look on her face. Marcie was reassuring her quietly.
After a few minutes of this hard fucking Rosie's demeanour changed. Instead of fighting the intruder she started to encourage it, moving in time with the thrusts to increase depth and duration. Steve felt his orgasm approaching and after a couple more thrusts he pushed hard into Rosie's cunt and came against her cervix.
Steve disguised his voice also as he said "Take that lot. That'll make a great baby in your belly you wanton slut."
"No, no more, not in me, I don't want a baby, take it out now. Ooohhh what will become of me, oh dear, oh dear , oh ..."
Todd gave her another slap on her arse cheek. "Shut up. We don't need to hear any more. We'll do what we want despite anything that you can do. Just know that you're completely helpless and we'll do what we want, slut."
Rosie quietened down, moaning continuously. Steve pulled out and wiped his cock on her other thigh.
"Turn her over," said Chris, also in a disguised voice.
The three guys restrained her as they released her hands, crossed the ropes and lengthened them, then retied them. They then untied her ankles, flipped her over, making certain the blindfold stayed in place, and retied the ropes around her ankles at floor level, holding her arse high in the air and her legs far apart.
Chris stepped up behind her and slapped her pussy.
"You like that, don't you slut?" he asked roughly.
"Y-y-y-yes," she replied.
"Answer me properly; you mean yes sir."
"Yes Sir," replied Rosie.
"That's better. Now, I'm going to fuck you hard and you're not to cum until I give you permission. Understood?"
"Y-y-yes."
He slapped her arse cheeks twice, hard.
"Yes Sir," she corrected.
"That's better. Remember it."
He lined his hard cock up with her cunt entrance and pushed it in to the end, ramming it against her cervix. After holding it inside her for a few seconds, he pulled his cock out almost all the way and pushed it back in hard. He then started fucking her hard and fast. Rosie was moaning into the mattress but her body was responding to Chris' fucking and she was pushing back against him, seeking more with each thrust. She started panting.
"Remember, you need my permission to cum," growled Chris.
Her moaning increased. Clearly she was approaching orgasm and needed to cum. Chris continued his relentless fucking rhythm, bringing her closer and closer to cumming as his swinging balls slapped against her sensitive clit.
"Please, Sir, I need to cum now," she pleaded.
"No, not yet, slut."
Rosie's moaning became louder and more insistent. "Please, I must cum, I need to cum, please, Sir, please," she pleaded desperately.
Chris thrust deep into Rosie. "Cum now slut," he commanded.
Rosie went into orbit. All the pent up sexual energy of the assault and rape was released in an almighty orgasm. She writhed on the bed and on Chris' cock as much as her bonds and captors would allow, stifling her moans and screams in the mattress. The feeling of her cunt muscles massaging his cock was too much for Chris. He unloaded his cum juice into her cunt, thrusting even deeper against her cervix.
Slowly they both came down from their orgasmic highs, accompanied by audible sighs of relief from the onlookers who had been unconsciously holding their breaths. Chris withdrew his cock, Todd and Steve untied Rosie and helped her onto the bed fully, lying on her side. They then stepped away from the bed and joined the group of onlookers at the back. After a few moments she reached up and untied the blindfold, looking around at the group.
"Whew," she said, "That was intense. Who were my rapists?"
Nobody said anything.
"It's best that you don't know," said Dana.
"Well, whoever they were, thank you. That was an amazing experience. How much does everyone know, Dana?"
"They don't know that being raped was one of your greatest fears but of course they do know what they thought they saw."
"That fear has now gone, I feel," replied Rosie. "From what I know of rape, that was a very realistic scenario. I feel like I have survived a real rape rather than a scenario. So thank you once again. I feel a lot more secure in myself. Thank you."
Damian came forward and held her tightly.
"That was really hard to watch," he said. "You were very brave allowing it to proceed. I'm so pleased that it has helped you. I love you dearly and I hope that our sexual relationship is happier now you have lost any thought that I could ever rape you."
"Oh darling, I'm sorry," she replied, tears running down her face onto his shoulder. "I know it's been hard for you putting up with me and that stupid fear I had. I promise everything will be great from now on. In fact, let's go somewhere away from everyone and check that it has completely gone."
"That sounds good to me," he replied. "Dana, can we use one of these rooms please?"
"Of course," replied Dana, "They're both free so take your pick. Just remember it's 5pm now, we have dinner soon and then we head to 'Dana's', so don't be in there all night," she chuckled.
Arms around each other, Damian and Rosie walked to the closest room and closed the door.
"How are your balls, Justin?" asked Peta, remembering that she hadn't removed the clamp.
"It's strange but they feel fine. Once the pressure is on they seem to adjust to it. Would you like to tighten it some more?"
"Most definitely. What do you think, Dana?"
"Yes, go for it. Just don't pop them because that's very messy and involves hospitalisation and removal."
"How will I know if they're going to pop?"
"Watch Justin. He'll probably be unconscious with pain," laughed Dana. "Remember he's your partner, the father of your children and you and he have to live with the consequences of your actions. Also, he will undoubtedly want to repay you with some devious torture that he designs." Dana gave her daughter a smile.
"Sit on the chair, darling," said Peta. "Let's see how much further we can tighten this clamp."
She slowly turned the screw, watching Justin's face as well as ensuring his skin did not get pinched. After another two full turns Justin's face was screwed up in pain and he was panting.
"That's far enough, I think," said Peta. "But before I take it off or loosen it I want you to carry out your dream for torturing me."
"You're sure you want this?" asked Justin.
"Oh yes, I want to see what your devious mind can dream up and feel how it feels."
"OK, if you wish."
Justin spoke with Dana for a few minutes and Dana took him away to the equipment area and gave him something. He returned to Peta with what looked like two pipes joined together side by side.
"This is a breast clamp," announced Justin, "And I'm going to clamp your breasts really tightly with it, so tightly that you'll scream. I know you will because your breasts are full of milk so we're going to squeeze all that out too."
As a group of people gathered around, Justin fastened Peta into a frame and then placed the breast clamp over her swollen breasts. Dana arrived with a large basin.
"For the milk. We can use it for breakfast," she said, "Unless all the guys here want to drink it as it pours out."
Justin tightened the clamps at the ends, beginning to squash the breasts close to Peta's chest. They started to protrude as the flesh was pushed outwards and milk appeared at the nipples. Justin tightened the clamps a little more, starting a stream of milk from one nipple and a series of rapid drips from the other.
Stu stepped forward. "May I?" he asked.
"Of course," replied Peta, "Can't have it going to waste."
He placed his mouth over the stream of milk and started drinking as it filled his mouth. Gene stepped forward and placed his mouth on the dripping nipple. Justin tightened the clamp on the dripping side and Gene started swallowing rapidly.
"Please, guys, suck on them. I want to feel them being really strongly sucked," begged Peta.
Both guys took a mouthful of nipple and sucked hard. Peta closed her eyes as she felt the sensual stimulation. No wonder she liked feeding babies, she thought. Justin kept tightening the clamps, alternating one turn each side and Peta's breasts started to turn a darker colour as the bloodflow was reduced.
"Another 15 minutes," she reminded Justin.
Justin kept tightening and guys took turns sampling the milk, sucking on Peta's milk-engorged nipples. After a short time the clamps were tightened to the maximum amount that Justin felt was safe. The milk flow had decreased, probably because Peta had been sucked and squeezed nearly dry. Justin hooked the centre of the pipe clamp to the raising chain and started lifting Peta up by her breasts.
"Ooohhh, that feels so strange, so painful and erotic at the same time," she said.
Once her feet were clear of the ground Justin stopped raising and let her hang there by her breasts. He started sucking on each breast in turn, massaging the other while he sucked. Peta closed her eyes, head held back, body starting to shudder.
"That feels so sexy," she said, "I would love to cum but I need more to get me there."
Dana brought a Hitachi wand over.
"Would you like me to use this while you continue what you're doing?" she asked.
"Yes please," answered Justin.
Dana turned on the wand and placed it against Peta's clitoris while Justin continued to massage and suck on her tits.
Peta's body started convulsing.
"Ooohhh, that's wonderful, oh so good, yes, yes, I'm soooo close, yes, suck me, milk me, yes, yes ooohhhh ...."
Peta came hard during which time both Dana and Justin continued their stimulation. After several minutes Peta seemed to relax but then, under the continued onslaught, she shuddered and came once again, thrusting her hips into the wand, talking incoherently as she shook her head from side to side and her whole body convulsed in orgasm. They continued the stimulation for another four minutes, the remaining time before she had to be released, and then Justin lowered her to the ground and supported her while Dana released the breast clamps.
"Oooohhh, that was so wonderful. I just came and came and came, endlessly. What a fantastic feeling. Thank you so much for that gift, darling."
"That's fine, sweetheart, I really enjoyed watching you cum. Now, can you unclamp my balls for me please?"
Peta remembered then that her dearly beloved had his balls tightly clamped.
"Not yet. I want you to cum with them clamped. Mom, can I borrow the wand please?"
Dana handed her the wand and Peta knelt down and applied it first to Justin's balls and then, once his cock was really hard, to the underside of his cock just behind the head, where she knew he was most sensitive. Instantly Justin was ready to cum. It built immediately and he gripped Peta hard. Just as he was about to cum Peta removed the wand and placed her mouth over Justin's cock. Justin spurted his cum juice into Peta's mouth as Peta swallowed it all. Once he had finished Peta removed her mouth and licked her lips.
Peta released the ball clamp, causing momentary pain to his balls which was quickly replaced with a feeling of release and freedom as they resumed their normal positions. Peta cupped them in her hand.
"I hope I haven't damaged them," she said.
"I'm sure they're fine," replied Justin. "I hope I didn't damage your breasts."
"No, they're great, empty but great. Neil will be having formula anyway tonight so no worries there."
Marcie spoke to the group.
"Right everyone, playtime's over for now, we can resume tomorrow. Dinner is probably ready to be eaten, a buffet again tonight, then we can get ready to go to 'Dana's' by shuttle van. Once we arrive there will be a few speeches commemorating the occasion and then we have a special show for tonight. Many or all of you will be able to participate in this show if you wish. So it should be a very enjoyable evening. A note on clothing; yes, we need to dress for the evening. Make certain that you wear your sexiest, most tantalising and teasing outfits. I'm sure you know what I mean. Remember also that everything tonight for you is on the house. That includes the show, massages, prostitutes, drinks, the lot. You will also not be expected to tip, although that is an option if you wish to reward someone special for some special service. You will not need to take anything; everything will be provided. We will go in several vans but will all arrive by 9pm please; that's when the celebrations start. You can, of course, catch a van back here whenever you wish; they run until 5am. If you're going to be later than that, I hope the person you're with is worth the hassle of returning under your own steam. Enjoy the night; you all deserve it."
Marcie glanced around and noticed that Damian and Rosie were back.
"Well, Rosie, how's your love life now?"
Rosie blushed. "It's awesome," she replied to the whole group. "For the first time I didn't feel like freezing when Justin entered me. It felt wonderful. I came at least three times and Justin came once at the end. Just brilliant. Thank you so much, whoever you are. You have probably saved our relationship and certainly improved my sex life immeasurably. Thank you."
Everyone clapped, much to Damian's embarrassment, and then everyone helped clean up the Dungeon before heading upstairs for dinner.