Slightly different style to my others, constructive and positive comments as always are always welcome.
What do you do when your mates move away, your career isn't what you expected and your love life has remained theoretical? If you're hoping I have a sensible answer, sorry to disappoint. Tried the 'get a new job approach', even the 'meet new people' solution. Neither one went well leaving me to put up a reddit post summing up my situation.
"26 year old male sub currently living in the UK. Am 5'4, if you're not into short guys, I am not for you. I am happy to relocate to anywhere in Europe, I have a degree but my mind isn't in a place where I am able to function well. Looking for a Mistress to own me completely. I can cook, clean and listen. I will need training on how to submit and please but am willing and desperate. If you're interested in having a slave you can control and mould, I am all yours."
Given how well my previous attempts at getting out of my rut went, I didn't expect a single response. Fortunately, less than an hour later a woman reached out and we started messaging. She has some experience as a dom but was interested in a long term FLR and loved the idea of shaping a slave into her perfect sub. Over the next week we went from messaging, to talking on the phone to sharing sfw photos of ourselves. I was waiting for the blackmail message every time I took a step further into submission.
What I never expected was an invite to visit her for a weekend to see if we were a good fit. My first reaction was excitement and I quickly agreed. Only after thinking about it for a few minutes did I consider the possibility of being kidnapped, blackmailed or simply ignored when I get there. But is it really kidnapping if you go willingly? Only one way to find out. I let one of my old friends know where the house I am going to is, just in case and I have also booked a room at a hostel in the same city as her just in case she comes to her senses and realises she can do better than me.
Despite my spiralling imagination of every way this could go wrong, I fly out, travel through the city and climb the steps to her door. I stand, petrified and unable to do anything other than stare at the blue door in front of me. She lives in the top floor flat of a beautiful old building, the buzzer for her flat is just to my left yet I don't move. If all goes well, I will be a slave by the end of the weekend. If it goes badly, I will be a different kind of slave. And even in between those two options, the possibility of rejection is yet another terrifying thought sending my mind spiralling.
I almost let out a squeal of surprise when the door opens and a large old lady almost walks straight into me. She says something in the local language in an aggressive tone.
"Uh sorry." I mumble, wishing the shrub I am pushing myself into to get out of her way would swallow me whole but I force my eyes up from my feet to meet her stare.
"Can I help you?" She asks, still speaking aggressively, her glare making me assume she thinks I'm trying to sneak in or something.
"Sorry, I am here to visit Clare. She lives on the top floor." I tell her, still mumbling.
"Ah yes. She's a smart young woman isn't she. You a colleague?" The woman nods, her glare easing just slightly.
"A friend." I reply, still struggling to hold the gaze of the woman looking down at me.
Despite her age, I think she could probably beat me to a pulp given she has several inches on me and is at least twice my weight. I have muscle definition, but it is because I play sport and am very slim rather than because I go to the gym or have significant amounts of muscle. Her eyes finally leave mine as she shuts the door to the building and presses the buzzer for Clare's flat for me.
"Nice to meet you." She smiles, but her face is far from friendly as she walks past me.
"You too." I breathe, that was not the calming distraction I needed.
"Hello?" A gentle and friendly female voice asks through the speaker.
"Uh, hi. It's Joey." I respond, my voice shaking.
"Hey, doors open. See you in a sec." She cheerfully replies, the door clicking as she speaks.
I quickly open the door before it relocks and make my way up the stairs mentally kicking myself for being such a useless wimp. It's three flights of stairs up to her floor, despite having only a rucksack I am breathing heavily by the time I arrive on her floor and come face to face with one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen.
Her green eyes lock onto mine as she smiles down at me as I climb the final few stairs. Not that she isn't looking down at me once I reach the landing given she is at least four inches taller than me. She has a cute and surprisingly innocent face that makes it even harder to catch my breath thanks to the stunning smile plastered across it. She has breasts that are more than a handful each pointing towards me covered only by a purple lace shelf bra. She has a bit of weight on her hips which flare out giving her a pear-shaped figure. I can't help but look forward to her turning around so I get to see the stunning ass of hers I've only been allowed to see clothed photos of so far. As they were mouth watering, I can barely wait to see what it looks like covered only by the matching purple high-cut panties.
"Like what you see?" She asks me after giving me a minute to admire her.
"God yes." I admit, still unsure why she is even considering taking me as a slave when she could so easily have someone far more attractive.
"Well, I think it is only fair then that I get to see what I am working with. Don't you?" She asks me, putting a hand on her hip and raising an eyebrow.
I glance towards her door which is open, but she is standing between me and it. Looking back at her, her expression is one of impatience. I drop my bag to the floor in defeat and start undressing. I take my time folding each item neatly, both to hid my nerves and to give my painfully hard erection a chance to calm down. Despite trying not to focus on the lace-clad goddess in front of me, my cock is still pushing against my jeans when their the last item I have to remove. Sighing, I accept that the tent in my boxers is inevitable and I pull my jeans down, fold them and add them to my pile of clothes.
"Don't you dare! You are mine. I will look after you. All you have to think about is what I want, nothing more." She tells me in a completely calm voice, somehow making it all the more intimidating.
I take a big breath, removing my hands from the pile of clothes I was about to pick up and stand back up. I force myself to stand, keeping my hands to my side as I rise knowing that anything else will get me in trouble. With my eyes down, I cannot help but notice the obvious tent in my boxers. Unable to look at it any longer, I lift my head up only to lock eyes with Clare's. Damn they're beautiful. And they are looking right through me, watching the waves of embarrassment as they crash around inside my skull.
"I will unpack your stuff and sort out some food. You are sweaty, go shower." She orders me, pulling a towel off of the bannister I hadn't even noticed before. "Shower is the door on the right. And if you even think of having a wank, you will be looking for a new place to stay this weekend."
I take the towel and lead the way into the flat. I glance back hoping to catch a glimpse of her behind but she is smarter than me and is still watching me with a knowing smile. I turn back and continue into her flat. It is a beautiful apartment, on the right is a small kitchen area with a table that could squeeze four people. Opposite is the sofa and armchair looking towards a TV. Crossing the open plan living space I reach a little square "Corridor" with three doors. I open the right hand door and go into a modern but simple shower room and toilet.
I go to the loo and notice that on the top shelf of the shower are a load of toiletries, the bottom one though has some more interesting items. The most obvious are two dildos and one of those wand vibrators. There is a blue dildo that looks about the 6', similar length to mine but actually slightly thinner. The second is certainly bigger in both regards, at least 8' and wide enough that I cannot fit my hand around it. There is also a weird balloon type thing and then a blue box. My curiosity gets the best of me and I pull out the blue box and have a look inside. There is a slightly smaller dildo than the other two, but like the others it too has a suction cup at the base. There is also a silicone butt plug and a balloon thing almost identical to the other one on the shelf. I put the blue box back on the shelf and have a shower.
"Feeling slightly cleaner?" Clare smiles at me as I walk back into the living room, the towel wrapped around my waist.
"Yes thank you. Which room is my stuff in?" I answer, painfully aware I'm soon going to be making a tent in the towel.
"What was our agreement?" She asks me, one eyebrow raised as she hands me a glass of water.
"No nudity or sexual acts in the first 24 hours." I repeat word for word the first rule we had come up with for this weekend as I take the glass and gulp half of it down straight away.
"And the other two rules?" She presses before returning her attention to the food on the bar.
"The safeword to slow down is coconut, and to stop is pineapple. I can only use coconut once a week and pineapple three times." I state the first one, pausing when I forget the first of the two safe words earning me a stern look.
"As your slave, I must either wear a collar, a plug or a cage at all times except when in the shower." I continue, realising as I speak that she wants to claim me before I can put clothes on.
"Good boy. I know you aren't a fan of the cage so I guess its plug or collar. Did you clean your ass out just now?" She smiles at me innocently, a complete contrast to the topic of conversation and her outfit, or lack thereof.
"No I didn't." I admit.
"You haven't done anal play, so I guess you haven't used a douche before?" She continues.
"No."
"I guess that rules out a plug then. We'll have to have a little lesson tomorrow evening, should be fun." She shrugs, her casualness at my ignorance making me feel slightly less useless. "Now kneel." She continues, her voice suddenly stern.
I drop to my knees and lower my gaze immediately. To my surprise, she doesn't move from where she is and I can still hear her chopping something up.
"No, you were right before. When standing, unless told otherwise you may make eye contact. The opposite is true when kneeling. Eyes to the floor or straight ahead. I will let you decide, at least for now." She instructs me when my eyes shift up wondering what she is doing.
I wait, eyes on the floor for several minutes as she continues to prepare some food. I hear her put something in the oven and get excited as she walks in front of me. I force myself to remain still and regret choosing to look at the floor as she spins a chair around from the table and sits down in front of me, her feet crossed leaving the higher one less than a foot from my face. I can't help but smile, noticing her nails match her underwear. I never really considered myself a foot kind of guy, but looking at hers I realise I wouldn't be opposed to kissing, licking or even sucking her feet and toes. They are smooth and clean, but mostly they are a reminder that the woman in front of me is both physically and emotionally above me. Her foot bounces gently as she moves, I think taking a drink off of the counter. A theory that is confirmed when I hear her taking a sip.
"Ahh," She sighs. "I warned you I'd make you regret that first rule. How many spanks did we agree on if you are the one to break it?"
"Twenty." I mumble, already starting to think it might be worth it. If she is the one to break it, then I have the right to either take the punishment for her or call an end to our weekend and she will be required to pay for my accommodation."
"And you don't think planting a kiss on my big toe is worth the pain?" She quizzes, barely holding back a giggle.
"I don't know." I admit.
"Well I guess the reason you're here is that you don't know a lot. So that's not really a surprise." She comments.
"Now, I have two collars here. One is a smart leather one and the other is a slip chain collar with a heart and a lock. Pick the first and you are to only wear underwear while we're in the apartment but will go commando at dinner later. Or you can pick the second option and wear whatever you want, however the chain must remain outside of your clothes at all times so that I can take a hold of it whenever I want to." She tells me.
"The leather one please." I decide, not wanting to risk being led into a restaurant on a lead.
"The more boring choice, but at least I get to admire that bulge of yours." She taunts me.
With my head still facing her feet, she leans forwards and buckles the leather collar around my neck. I only get a quick glance as it passes in front of my face. It is a similar dark purple to her lace with a gold d ring in the front with a circular gold loop hanging from it.
"We don't need to leave for another hour or so. Go put your underwear on and then we'll have a chat and a glass of wine. Bedroom is to the left and my office is through the middle door." She orders.
I look up at her as I stand, my mind still unable to comprehend what she sees in me. Not that I am going to voice those concerns in case she hasn't realised it. I force myself to turn around and walk away before I get in trouble for staring. In the bedroom there is a large double bed, a mixture of what look like personal photos and wildlife ones and two posters. One is of a rock band that I don't recognise and the other is of a female couple dancing. I can't work out if it is because she is into the dance pair or because the image is sexy in an elegant sort of way. The bed is the only part of the room that hasn't got the memo that it is an adult's bedroom. The bedding on its own with its floral print might be alright as it adds a bit of colour to the room, but the plushies make it more like the bed of a young girl not a woman.
As I smile at the thought of her talking with her cute toys as she had told me she often does. My smile drops though when I notice a bit of shiny purple silk on the bed. Picking it up I realise it's the boxers she wants me to wear. Looking around the room again I realise I cannot see any of my stuff. My only options are to remain in the towel, put my sweaty pair on again or accept we're having a purple day today. Putting them on I realise immediately why she picked these out. They are loose and silky resulting in my cock's bulge being obvious and there being no chance of hiding the inevitable tent that will occur when I walk out of the room. Even now as I brace myself to open the door, I feel it stirring.
"Lovely, I must say that having a 6 inch cock on a 5 foot man does make it look bigger." She laughs as I walk out the room, her eyes focused only on my waist.
I stand in front of her not sure what else to do as she continues just to look at it. Unable to stop my body's reaction, I go bright red as it rises to attention as she watches. As much as I love admiring the rest of her body, her smile is all I am able to notice. She is grinning like an idiot as she looks at my now erect cock.
"Cute little show. You may sit down now." She says, finally looking up to my face.
I walk around the table as she spins her chair back around. We each have a plate of veg and croquettes (my favourite food) and a glass of wine. She is already half way through her large glass and smiles more calmly at me as we clink glasses. Taking a swig of the wine I almost spit it out when I realise it is blackberry squash rather than red wine.
"You act like a child, you will be treated like one." She shrugs, putting her glass down and digging into the food.
Unable to formulate a reply, I too start eating. My body quickly remembers that I haven't eaten since early this morning and I devour my plate and force myself to drink the squash.
"How was your journey?" Clare asks after a couple minutes of quiet eating.
"It was alright, just long." I admit. "What have you been up to today?"
"I did some shopping in preparation for your visit this morning and then spent the afternoon making the croquettes."
"You made them? They're amazing." I replied, shocked as I had attempted them once and it had gone awfully.
"I told you I can cook. And you told me you like them. Not sure why you should be so surprised, or not thanking me." She scolds me.
"I'm sorry. Thank you very much for making them. They are delicious." I reply, only managing to hold her gaze until I finish speaking.
"I am glad you enjoy them."
We eat the rest of our meal in silence. My face is burning red once again. I think I might just look permanently sunburned around this woman. I used to be considered quick-witted and sarcastic around my old mates, yet here I am being left speechless time and again. I feel completely powerless and incompetent yet it only seems to be turning me on and making me want to please her more. Is this simply self destruction or is this what a dom-sub relationship is meant to be?
I tidy away the dishes whilst she gets ready. Unsurprisingly, she returns in a purple dress a few moments later and tells me my outfit is on her bed. I quickly finish wiping the table down before going and seeing what she has picked out for me. I sigh in relief that it is all my own clothing. I take off the underwear and put on the jeans which are far from comfortable but at least it is subtle. She has also laid out one of my casual shirts which will at least partly hide my purple collar.
Once dressed, I walk back out and Clare is standing waiting in her dress. With her attention on her phone, I take the opportunity to let my eyes roam her body once more. Her dress is more elegant-sexy rather than slutty, only showing a hint of her cleavage. The dress is a dark purple down to the purple leather and gold buckled belt around her waist. Below the belt that will insure everyone can work out that we're together, the dress fades to white. This gives her a sort of princess sort of look rather than a dirty-minded doma.
"Quit drooling and put your shoes on." Clare chuckles, her attention not leaving her phone.
I quickly move to the door and put on my shoes she has left to the side. Besides mine are a pair of white heels with silver decoration around the back and a silver buckle.
"Freeze." Clare orders just as I finish tying my second lace.
I obey and soon find a white nylon clad foot on my knee.
"Pass me my shoe. And no touching remember." She smiles down at me, clearly enjoying the fact she has found yet another way to punish me for coming up with that rule.
I pass her the shoe and watch as she puts it on and buckles it, treating me as though I am just a piece of furniture. She doesn't even speak when she swaps foot, just holds out her hand for me to pass her the second shoe.
"Kiss." She orders once she has put her second shoe on.
She is standing upright again, only her left foot has remained on my knee. With nothing else in reach, I know she means for me to kiss her shoe. Not exactly as romantic or exciting as kissing her lips but I am the one who stopped that from happening. I accept in my head that she had been right when saying this rule was a bad idea as I lean down and kiss her foot.
"And now the other one." She continues, removing her foot from my knee.
I expect her to lift her other foot back onto my knee but she simply stands there looking down at me, her feet mostly hidden by the dress. Looking up at her, she gives me the same face as before, one that projects impatience. I cower in defeat, going onto both knees and kissing her right foot.
"God your ass looks great like this, you need to arch your back a bit more though." She speaks down to me as I kiss her foot.
Doing as she asks means that I cannot get up, forcing me to keep my head by her feet. My cheek presses into the cold wooden floor as I arch my back, making me aware just how hot my face is. As much as I feel humiliated and degraded, my cock reminds me how much fun I am as it mainfully presses against the zipper of my jeans. This is going to hurt when I start walking if I don't somehow manage to calm down in the next two minutes.
"Let me spank you 10 times and I'll let you roll on your back and look up. Do we have a deal?" Clare asks me, removing any chance that I'll be able to calm down.
From my current position, if I was to look up, it would be straight up her dress. And wearing jeans, she wouldn't be touching my ass and the jeans should act as some protection. What the hell, I'm here to submit, no point going at it half assed. ;)
"Deal." I agree before letting out a cry of pain.
"Count them, and thank me for each one." Clare orders.
"One, thank you Mistress." I pant.
My word she is strong! My ass is on fire from just one hit.
"Wrong! Remind me how you are meant to address me and then we'll start again.
"Sorry Mommy, please forgive me. Mommy is at home, Mistress or Your Highness at parties and Athena." I panic, even though it is just one more slap.
"Forgiveness must be earned." Clare says, planting her left foot on the small of my back arching it further. "We will continue rather than restart on the condition you admit that letting you make any rules was a mistake."
"I made a mistake, I agree Mommy." I plead, and not only because of the extra slap.
"Good boy, well done for admitting you're wrong. Do you think we should cancel that rule? I will not punish or reward you for your answer to this question. You must be honest and think if you feel safe and trust me yet."
"I am under your foot and will Mommy, and all I feel is excitement. I agree we should remove that rule." I agree, speaking honestly in the hopes of convincing her.
"Do you agree that I should be the one making the rules from now on?"
"Yes Mommy."
"Good boy. So rather than remove that rule, I think a simple adaptation is required. First, nudity is allowed for both of us but as I am in charge of what we both wear, I guess you don't need to worry about that part. Secondly, you are still not able to touch me, but the punishment will also include sleeping in the dog bed alongside the spanking. This rule will remain in place until I say otherwise, Final point, I am now free to touch you how I like as I own you." Clare tells me.
She strokes my cheek with the sole of her shoe as she finishes before returning it to just behind my head so it is once again between her feet. Her dress drapes over my head and shoulders as I stare at her foot, waiting for the inevitable pain.
"Ahh! Two, thank you Mommy." I cry out after almost a minute of waiting.
"Three, thank you Mommy..." I continue, Mommy increasing the pace spanking after each time I finish talking.
"...Ten, thank you Mommy." I finish, tears running down my face.
"You may roll over." She answers simply.
I keep my head between her legs as I roll around, letting out a groan as my ass rests on the floor. Looking up I can barely believe what I'm seeing though my teary eyes. Not only is she no longer wearing her purple underwear, but there seems to be something sticking out of both her ass and pussy.
"Stay still." She tells me as her body sways above me, stopping me from moving my arms from my side to wipe my eyes.
The smaller of the two dildos I had seen earlier slides out of her and bounces off of my cheek making me flinch. Before I get a look at her now exposed pussy, she moves off of me suddenly blinding me in light.
"Damn, I missed your forehead." Clare laughs, picking up the dildo beside my head. "Where did I get you?"
"Left cheek." I answer, still not sure if I am allowed to stand up.
"Was aiming for your forehead, sorry. Will need to do some more practice, would be great to be able to walk over you and turn you into a unicorn." She continues, somehow acting like we're having a normal conversation.
"Lets go." She says, putting the dildo into some box that she drops into her handbag.
Despite being nervous as to why she is bringing a used dildo to a restaurant, I stand up and take the now zipped up purple handbag as she offers it to me to carry. We make our way down and out of the building where she links her arm with mine and leads the way down the street. It is a nice evening but I barely pay attention to the weather or the places we pass. Instead, my attention is on the collar on my neck whenever someone walks passed us and the rest of the time it is on my cock that is rubbing horribly as it continues to strain against my jeans.
"You play with your cock one more time, I am locking that hand to your collar for the rest of the night." Clare threatens me as I am adjusting my jeans again.
My hand flies to my side and my face goes bright red as the group of girls we had just walked passed burst into laughter as I can only assume was my Owner's words as she was far from whispering.
"What do you say?" Clare presses.
"Sorry Athena." I apologise, thinking the name might also be because she is the Goddess of war as well as Clare's excuse that she is the Goddess of wisdom.
"You seem to be making a lot of mistakes. That is normal for a new submissive, but it also means that you need to put effort into learning from your mistakes so that you don't repeat them. Otherwise that lovely ass of yours is going to start getting very sore." She comforts me, pulling me into a hug. "How is that bubble butt doing?"
"Alrigh...Ugh...ight." I groan as she gives it a playful squeeze.
"My general rule is that I will hit harder when you are the one to pick spanking. I will be slightly gentler when its a punishment. But only slightly." She smiles at me as we lock arms once more, raising an eyebrow as she says the last part as though I might start getting bad ideas.
We arrive at a cute little restaurant that is almost completely full.
We wait by the door, there are two outdoor tables on either side, all bar one of them is taken. I make the mistake of looking at one of the tables and the first person I look at is a woman I think in her forties and she is looking straight at me, a knowing smile on her face. At first I hope she has just glanced at me like I have at her, but then I see her eyes shift down to my collar and then back up to my eyes again and I know she has realised what's going on. Clare notices my attention and follows my gaze to the woman, the two share a smile and a subtle nod before Clare leads me into the restaurant. We follow a waiter, who I hadn't noticed greeting us, to a booth in one corner.
Clare takes the seat looking into the restaurant leaving me to take the opposite side where I can only see her. How apt, I silently acknowledge as I take my seat.
"Do you know that lady out front?" I ask Clare once the waiter has given us menus and told us about the specials in a language I realise I will need to start learning if I want to move here.
Did I just say I wanted to move here? Damn, I do. I barely know this woman yet she already has me wrapped around her finger. Although I know this is at least partly because I am incredibly horny, I also am struggling to think of a reason why I shouldn't.
"Joey." Clare kicks my shin, breaking my trail of thought.
"Huh?" I say, having been completely lost from reality.
"Huh?" She repeats, her face looking rather scary.
"Sorry Athena. I got distracted. Please could you repeat what you said?" I ask, unable to believe I had already fucked up again.
"Distracted by what?" She asks, looking around behind her as though there might be some excuse for me there.
"I uhh..." I stumble over my words, do I really want to say the real reason, I met this woman two hours ago!
"Tell me now." She orders calmly.
"I realised I was actually considering moving in with you as a possibility. I know it is early and we barely know each other. I don't want to rush things more tha..." I start panicking as I keep talking, only stopping when a heel is pressed against my cock.
"I own you, you will move in when I tell you to." She continues in her calm voice as she slides her foot back to the floor. "Now I will repeat what I said, and you will receive your punishment later."
I can only nod and wait. But the waiter comes over before she even starts and we order our food. Once again though, she stops me from joining her with a glass of wine as she tells the waiter I am just having water before giving me a look as though she is daring me to correct her.
"I don't know her. But I can go ask if she might be interested in joining us in a month or so once we work out how we work as a pair. She certainly seemed intrigued by your collar so I'm sure she could be convinced?"
"No, it's just the look she gave me. It's like she knew what I was." I quickly explain, having no desire to be shared or share my Owner.
"Women read. Especially older women whose sex life has dried up." Clare shrugs. "You not at all interested in having a threesome? Or is she just not your type?"
"Right now, all I want or need is you." I admit, seeing the excited glint in her eye that I really don't want to kill.
"Right now? Need?" She repeats, her voice breathy and seductive.
How does she keep rendering me mute! And her foot stroking my leg isn't making this any easier.
"You really are like a little school boy who doesn't know how to talk to their first crush." Clare giggles.
"I did say I am inexperienced." I defend myself, forcing myself to sit upright and not keep slouching lower and lower.
"And I said I like to tease, train and make my sub squirm." She retorts, lifting her legs up and resting them either side of my legs.
She sits smiling at me as we wait in silence. Several minutes have passed by the time the waiter returns with our food. He doesn't seem to notice my red face or Clares' legs either side of mine. Why are these booths so small? I force myself to eat as Clare squeezes my legs together making me painfully aware of my erection and the pair of shoes I was kissing not so long ago.
"How is the job hunt going?" She asks me after taking a couple of mouthfuls of her food.
"Ok I guess. I applied to six companies last week, had an interview that went alright and a discussion that I don't think will lead anywhere." I surmise, trying to hide my disappointment that I have had no success in over a month.
"It must be hard feeling like you get rejected multiple times a week. You just need to keep pushing and putting yourself out there." She comforts me.
"Thanks, how's your fish?" I say, changing the subject.
"It's delicious. Your chicken looks good too." She replies, the second part definitely a statement rather than a question. "Did the job you were interviewed for seem interesting?"
"Not really." I acknowledge, annoyed she isn't letting this go but knowing that this is part of why I need someone forceful in my life.
"So why apply?" She asks, confused.
"I need a job, and it would be a useful stepping stone towards a more interesting job in a few years." I explain, not liking my answer any more than her unimpressed face says she does.
"So you'd be miserable for a few years in the hopes that you might find something more enjoyable?" She queries, and I cannot help thinking she might as well have just called me an idiot.
"I know it's stupid. But living at home is painful and makes me feel like one of those useless spoiled rich kids." I admit.
Fuck! Why did I agree to be completely honest with this woman? She is brutal, but I cannot help but admit she is also right.
"Are you?" She asks, raising an eyebrow.
"Am I what?"
"A spoiled rich kid."
"Maybe." I admit. "My parents are wealthy, whilst not enough to buy a house I do have a reasonable inheritance. And I barely managed to hold a job for 18 months."
"So that's a no." She says, very matter of factly. "You're just lost. And jumping into another wrong job is just going to leave you repeating the last two years all over again."
"Thank you Athena." I smile weakly.
"We will solve this together."
We finish eating, discussing some of her work but it's mostly remote and coding based so there is little social side and the tech side goes over my head. The waiter collects our dishes, gives us the dessert menu and Clare orders us two desserts as I had zoned out again, only now thinking about my disaster of a job hunt.
"Are you doing ok?" She asks, her concern showing in her face as her eyes bore into mine as though they can find the answers without me speaking.
"I just want to be a functioning adult." I shrug, feeling suddenly drained of energy. "Most people manage it, surely it cannot be this hard."
She laughs. I am on the brink of a breakdown and she laughs. Maybe we are being too quick with this.
"Sorry. Sorry!" She jumps up, comes round the table and slides in next to me, physically pushing me along the bench until she is able to fit in next to me. "No adult is functioning properly." She tells me, hugging me tight into her.
"I..." I don't get any further as the tears break and for the second time tonight I am crying, only for a whole different reason.
"You're ok. Just breathe and listen to my voice." She soothes me.
She keeps hugging me tightly. It's almost painful and I can barely breathe but it is just what I need. I steadily get control of myself and start to clear my mind of the job hunt. I trust Clare, she has promised to help. We will figure it out together. My head is squished against her breast.
That last part pops into my head as though from nowhere. Her hug has pulled me across her, bending me down and squishing her breast with my head. What would this be like if we were naked? What would I have to do to be allowed to spin around so I was facing her breast next time?
"I think I'm ok. Thank you." I tell her, pushing myself upright before my mind spirals any further in the wrong direction.
"Good, sorry for misjudging that. But good to know a combination of hugs and tits is an effective way to sooth you." She smiles as she stands and returns to her side of the table.
I have no response like usual and simply take the opportunity to briefly admire her rear.
"You really are feeling better." She laughs as she catches me looking.
"It's hard not to be happy when looking at such a beautiful view." I smile.
"I'll remind you of that next time I'm beating your ass black and blue."
"Next time, think you need to go to the gym more if you think my ass is black and blue after ten spanks."
"You want me to hit harder? Good to know."
"Fuck."
Dessert arrives whilst Clare is still laughing. Not knowing which one is for which of us, I just say the first is hers and take the other one. The waiter gives us a funny look and his eyes suddenly lock onto my collar. Apparently he hadn't noticed it yet, giving me comfort it isn't too obvious. He soon realises he is just staring and mumbles something before turning and walking away. This doesn't help Clare's giggling fit, instead it just sets her off again.
"And I'm the child." I shake my head, Clare sticks her tongue out in response before breaking back into laughter. "Mature defence."
"Fuck! I can't breathe." She pants.
"And I thought in a FLR the guy is the one who gets oxygen starved." I retort, enjoying being able to actually think of smart lines.
"Oh trust me, they are." She tries to say seriously, but barely makes it one word before she starts grinning like an idiot again.
"I might be like a boy on his first date, but you're like a girl having her first drink!"
"You are a boy on his first date. And I am a woman who needs another drink." She retorts, definitely winning yet another battle.
I put my hands up in surrender but only get a raised eyebrow in reply as she looks at me expectantly. It takes me a minute but I eventually realise what she wants and take her glass over to the little bar area and get her a refill. The waitress behind the bar tells me I am not meant to come up to the bar but she gives me a new glass anyway. She is shorter than me by an inch or two, and very curvy. Were whole body giggles as she spins and moves around the bar completely focused on her task. She almost spills it as she hands it to me, her eyes going wide as she notices my collar.
"Is that, are you..." She starts, looking at me as she tries to find the words in English.
"Thank you." I say to her and return to my table.
"She looks like you just slapped her." Clare comments as I hand her the glass and retake my seat.
"I think she might have noticed my collar." I smile.
"She's cute, wonder what she'd do if I gave her you on a leash."
I look at her, squirming slightly as she smiles at me enjoying watching me yield to her gaze. My eyes drop to my untouched dessert, apparently I had got them the wrong way around. I ignore the holes Clare is trying to burn into my head and take a mouthful of the dessert.
"What did we agree earlier about your job in this relationship?" Clare asks me, forcing me to look back up and meet her gaze.
"I just have to think about what you want." I state, repeating her order from when she made me strip to my underwear outside her flat.
That was the first time I had met her. I look at my watch and see we've spent almost two hours at the restaurant. So I've known Clare for two weeks, been in person for four hours and she already essentially owns me. Damn this woman is terrifying. Give her a month or even a year, God knows what I'll be willing to do for her.
"Good boy." She hums quietly as we continue to stare into each others' eyes.
Her face is one of pleasure as we continue to delve deeper into one another's minds. I don't think I could move my eyes even if I wanted to. There is something about them. Something I was missing. Her smug smile showing she clearly agrees. What is she doing? Am I being hypnotised, I can barely move so it's possible. Her face starts shifting again, there is still pleasure showing in her eyes though. She bites her lips and bags one of her feet against the wood of the bench I am sat on.
I don't look down but know there is now a foot between my legs, the space between the toe and heel locking it to the bench as she pushes. She lifts a hand from beneath the table and beacons me forward with a finger. I move slowly forward until my crotch is against her foot but she keeps beaconing me. I lean over the table until she signals for me to stop. There is something behind her eyes, something I'm missing.
She sticks the finger she was curling at me in my mouth. It is wet, sticky and tastes a bit salty. I realise what I am tasting at the same time as her eyes go wide. I feel her body shake though her hand and her foot despite the fact her body remains fairly still. Her orgasm lasts for a good thirty seconds before she withdraws her hand and starts panting. I swear I hear water spraying as I stare into her wide eyes. I watch her as she sinks back into her seat and catches her breath.
"A green tea and the bill please." Clare tells the waiter a couple of minutes later as he collects our dessert dishes.
"You ok?" I say once he leaves.
"Oh yeah." She smiles mischievously. "I haven't done that in ages."
"Really, it's not a daily activity?"
"The act, twice a day. In a restaurant, I've done it three times before but not in the last year." She answers, far from shy about her masturbation habits.
"How come you haven't done it in a while?" I ask, my cock making a damp spot where it is trying to push through my jeans.
"I had a friend who moved away. We used to have a competition to see who could get off first without getting noticed." She tells me.
"Seriously! You guys ever get caught?" I ask her.
"What did I tell you about touching my cock? " She barks at me, just as the waitress from the bar comes over with her tea.
"Uh..." The woman says as she arrives at our table, looking back and forth between the two of us as though she has forgotten why she came over.
"May I have my tea?" Clare asks her innocently.
"Ugh, yes mam, I mean Miss." The girl blushes and puts the cup and saucer down noisily, her hands visibly shaking.
"You look like you have questions. I'll answer any you have on the condition you answer the same number. Deal?" Clare presses the terrified woman.
"Is he your slave?" She stutters.
"I asked if we have a deal." Clare responds firmly.
"Yes, we have a deal." Squeaks the woman.
"Good girl. Yes he is, do you wish you were in his or my place?"
"Uhh..." The woman's eyes somehow manage to go even wider.
"Breathe. Just be honest, we won't judge."
"His." She admits eventually.
"Good girl, you're braver than you think."
"Thanks."
"Thanks Mistress."
"Thanks Mistress."
"What's your next question?"
"Did you guys date and then become this, or..." the woman asks, I can't tell if she simply doesn't want to finish the question or doesn't know the english.
"We met as dom and sub." Clare answers, putting the woman out of her misery. "Are you single?"
"Yes. How did you meet?"
"Reddit. Do you prefer eating pussy or sucking cock?" Clare asks, her quick confidence the polar opposite of the nervous woman's pauses and quiet voice.
"I uh, haven't eaten a pussy before." She admits, looking genuinely sad. "Does that mean you wouldn't have me as one of your slaves?"
"My slave and I are on our first date so we are exclusive for now as we explore ourselves. He hasn't gone down on anyone so lack of experience isn't an issue to me. I must say though, we haven't discussed the possibility of bringing a third person into this so I cannot say whether or not there is a possibility of you ever joining us." Clare answers honestly, maybe a tad too much. "Do you have any questions?"
I am caught off-guard by Clare's sudden inclusion of me in this conversation.
"Whats..." I start before reading Clare's face. "Yes Athena."
"How many and for which of us?"
"Two for her, one for you." I answer honestly.
"We only have one question in hand, do you have any questions for him..." Clare asks the Waitress.
"Anna." She answers Clare's unasked question before turning towards me and in barely more than a whisper asks, "would you consider allowing another slave if they were thin?"
"You are beautiful, that is not my issue." I answer quickly and honestly. "I have no idea what I am doing, so I want to take things slowly. A threesome is both an exciting and terrifying thought and I have enough of those I need to make already so I am afraid this isn't something I am currently in a position to answer. My advice would be to leave us your number and whilst we figure us out, you explore how you feel about threesomes and submission. Both with us two and others. None of this is something to get into lightly." I tell her, my voice only slightly louder than hers.
"And your two questions for me?" She nods, accepting my answer.
"Similar to yours, do you actually find both of us attractive? And do you know if you're a submissive or a switch?"
"Definitely to one, and I not at all dominant" The answers with unexpected conviction.
"Well done, both of you. Honesty in this is not easy but is critical." Clare smiles comfortingly, nodding once to each of us. "What is your question for me, my boy?"
"Do you want to own a second slave?" I ask her.
"Thats not..." She starts before pausing and looking at me with a serious expression. "The idea excites me, you can do different things with a male's and a female's body. Owning one of each would allow for a lot more fun. It would also mean that if I punish you by ignoring you or leaving you tied up, I would still have a slave that can tend to my needs."
"I understand Athena." I nod, grateful she decided not to withhold her thoughts.
"We will continue this discussion later." She tells me before looking up at Anna. "Thank you for your bravery and honesty, I hope you have a nice evening."
Taking the que, the waitress nods and walks away letting out an audible breath as her body relaxes. I watch as her ass jiggles on each step. It could certainly be fun having her as a fellow slave.
"She seems nice, and you seem to approve of her ass." Clare comments, also admiring the departing woman's behind.
"Not to restart the 'am i selfish' debate again, but I kind of want you to myself. At least for a bit." I tell her. "You have more than enough ass for me."
"You better believe it. Because if you ever forget, my ass will be the last thing you see as it suffocates you."
"At least I'd die happy."
"What can I say, I am a kind Domme." She laughs, and I melt. "Now how brave are you feeling?"
"I feel terrified but in my defence I am in a country I don't know with a woman I barely know who has way too much power over me." I reply, not really answering her question.
"Too much? I don't think so." She smiles at me, making me incredibly nervous. "Aww, that face of yours is beautiful. You look like you might piss yourself at any moment. Not that you don't already have a giant wet spot already."
"What can I do for you Athena?" I ask, just wanting to get this assault over and done with.
"Aww, don't hurry me Slave. It will only make me drag it out longer." She smiles, seeing straight through me. "I'm going to give you three orders and set out the punishments for this evening. The latter you already have one of for making me repeat myself earlier. I will be kind and go easy on you, your punishments this evening will be bondage items I will pick that you will endure until tomorrow morning."
Clare pauses the lecture as the waiter walks over with the bill. He is about to hand it to me until he notices Clare glaring at him with her hand out. Silently he waits as she checks the bill and pays by card.
She says something I don't understand as she hands the card reader back. The man cowers from her gaze and goes bright red before mumbling an apology and scurrying away.
"Some of us women make quite a bit of money, it's the twenty-first century." She translates for me as she notices me looking at her quizzically. "Or would you have liked to pay?"
"Just comforted to know I'm not the only guy who goes bright red every time you speak." I reply. "And thank you for dinner, it was delicious."
"Well thank you for flying over. It takes serious bravery and some stupidity to make such a move. But I appreciate it immensely and hope to prove you are correct in putting your trust in me." Clare responds as she pulls something from her bag.
"Am I allowed to say no to one of the three orders?" I laugh but am also kind of serious.
"Of course, but you will be punished." She replies before her smile widens even more. "This is a piece of bondage though as you already require punishment. Your safewords are there for you if you ever need them. I will push you, you must tell me when it is too far for you otherwise this wont work."
I nod and lean forward over the table so she can clip it into place. But she doesn't move forward, just continues smiling evilly at me.
"One, deepthroat the dildo I have in my handbag. Two, lick my pussy. And three, go to the bathroom and put peppermint oil around your asshole." She tells me, making my heart feel like it's beating in my mouth.
I don't know if I can do number one, I have never deepthroated anything before. Learning in a restaurant isn't going to go well. Two I'm absolutely doing. And three, it can't be that bad and I can do it in the bathroom so it won't be obvious.
"I'll do two and three, but I don't know how to deepthroat so I'm not going to try to learn right here." I tell Clare.
"Reasonable. Here's number three, then you can have number two when you get back." She says, handing me a small vial.
I head to the bathroom and wipe everything down before using the oil. I let out a gasp of surprise at the almost painful sensation but force myself to continue whilst the room is empty. It takes me a few minutes to get it on and then control by breathing before I make my way back to my seat. As I walk, I realise I may have been slightly wrong about it not being obvious. Whilst I doubt people will assume the right cause, they will likely notice I am walking funny.
"Cooled off?" Clare smiles up at me as I return.
"Yeah." I say, squirming as I hand her back the almost empty bottle.
"Need a drink?" She asks.
"Yeah, should I get... Oh." I say noticing our empty water glasses before I clock what she is referring too.
"I already have a glassful for you." She laughs as she points for me to go beneath the table.
I trust she has picked a suitable moment and slide quietly beneath the table and between her legs. I pull the dress over me and let out a gasp as she literally hands me a glass with clear liquid in. I can hear her chuckling above at my reaction. I take the almost full glass and take a sip.
"How?" I whisper, unsure if I am being too quiet or loud.
"I squirt when I orgasm, makes a mess if I don't have something to put it in." She answers, making it sound so logical and sensible.
I shake my head and force myself to drink her juices. It isn't really nice or disgusting so I gulp it down knowing that the longer I take the more likely we get caught. Her hand is still waiting to reclaim the glass so once it is empty I return it to her. She slides her hand and the glass through a slit in her dress and scoots forward on the bench bringing her pussy within inches of my face. Not waiting for orders, I lean in and lick it from its base to the top. I repeat this action a couple of times, slurping up the juices covering her pussy.
Satisfied my face isn't going to be completely drenched if I press forward more, I drive my tongue inside her receiving a hum of approval from above.
"I think you might need to sit back up otherwise things might get awkward." Clare tells me quietly.
Nervous, I scramble my way back into my seat and look up in horror to see a smiling Anna. Not knowing what else to do, I smile back before looking at Clare.
"What do you say?" Clare asks me.
"Thank you Athena." I guess, hoping she isn't expecting me to have some excuse ready for Anna who's smile shows she knows exactly what I was just doing.
"Would you like a cloth for your nose, its a bit damp." Anna asks me, still smiling.
God I want to spank that ass of hers and show her who is the more senior sub. But for now, if she wants to dance, then lets dance.
"That would be a waste. There is some left though if you want to try some?" I glance across briefly at the glass still in Clare's hand. "Your job is to clean up after us after all?"
"And yours is apparently to be on your knees?" She retorts.
"Jealous?"
"Just looking forward to when I get to use you as a seat. Only another woman can truly please a woman, not some little pet that's nothing more than a lap-dog." She laughs, licking her tongue out like a dog lapping up water.
"This is Athena's face, you better remember that." I glare back at her, pointing at my face.
"Sluts behave." Clare interrupts before Anna can continue our bickering. "Want to know why you should be trying to please me, drink this. And as My Slut just pointed out, he is already mine and so gets a vote on if you become mine. So you might want to check how you treat him, at least until I claim you."
I watch in silence as Anna takes the almost empty glass and drains the last of the liquid into her mouth. She looks at Clare in silent shock as she realises what she just drank. Meanwhile, I am replaying Clare's words from a second ago. She has decided she wants this woman. I am not against the idea really, competing against her is certainly fun. But Clare is mine, and I am Clare's.