After breakfast, we all head up stair to change back into our work cloths. To days job was to stain the deck so I did not want to wear anything that got stain on it I would care. So I put on my shorts I had on the day before and an old tank top that was old and worn out. I left off my bra and panties. Looking in the mirror, I loved the look. The tank top was too big on me and if I look from the side, I had a clear shot of my tits in full view. With any movement of my legs, you could see my pussy clearly from the front and my whole ass from the back.
I look back behind me and Ryan is watching me look at myself. I ask him what he thinks of my outfit. He tells me that only in his fantasy world do women dress like that. I thank him for the complement, give him a deep kiss, and rub his cock. I then tell him to keep the complements coming and I would make tonight very worth it to him.
I go to find Kelly and Lisa to see how they decided to dress. Lisa has on the same outfit as she did the day before. I tell her that she might want to wear something different in case she gets stain on here top, which is white and pink. She tells me she did not bring anything to wear like that. I tell her she is welcome to get one of my tops if she wants. She tells me thanks and we go back to my room and pull a few out she can try on. She selects a tank top like the one I am wearing but her tits are even easier to see because her tits are nowhere near as big as mine are. I reach over, run my hand over her tit, and ask if she is ok walking around outside dressed like this. She tells me that after last night she did not think she had anything to hide. I tell her that is a great way to think of it and give her a long deep kiss before we head out.
We looked for Kelly but she must have gone out already. When we find her outside, she has on an old white t-shirt and a pair of ripped up sweats that I can clearly make out has ass cheeks in. The shirt is a few sizes to small and I can see the outline of her tits perfect and can tell she is not wearing a bra. I tell her I like the look and that I bet everyone else would agree.
We all get to working on staining the deck and dock. Several times as one of the guys would walk by me and I would feel them rub my tits or run their fingers up and down my ass and pussy. I notice Lisa and Kelly are both getting lots of special attention. The best is when I am bending over the deck to dip my roller into the pan and Ryan moves up behind me and slides his finger right into my pussy and says that he hope this weekend goes on for a long time. I cannot believe how quickly he went from being all embarrassed yesterday to having the confidence to group me without even thinking about it today.
After a while, I go in to get a pitcher of sangria for everyone and Jason comes in to give a hand. He comes up behind me, runs both his hands over my tits, and kisses my neck. I just lay my head back and enjoy the feeling. He tells me that he wants to fuck me while we are both awake and will remember what we did.
I lead him into the family room and have him strip off his clothes and remove mine as while. I then tell him to lie down of the floor and put his hands behind his head. I then sit down on him with my legs on either side. I first start to kiss him and rub his chest and arms. I slowly work my way down to his nipples, I stop and suck and bite on them while slowly rubbing my pussy on his cock. When he starts to try to fuck me back, I stop him and tell him to sit still and let his aunt take care of him.
I lick my way down to his cock and balls. I spent a lot of time licking the head of his cock and playing with his balls. I can tell he is getting hot so I slowly put is cock into my mouth and go all the way down until he is completely in my mouth. At this point, the head of his cock is in my throat and I move up and down just a little so that he can feel his cock's head going in and out of my throat. I normally can do this for a minute before I have to let it out to breath. I slowly let his cock out of my mouth and use the tip of my tongue to tease the little slit on the head of his cock. Each time I do this he jumps a little bit. I do the same thing to my husband who tells me the feeling is almost too much to take.
After repeating this several more time I move back up to allow my pussy to slide over his cock. I start out very slow and let just a little of his cock into my pussy and then back out. While I am doing this, I am pinching and licking his nipples. Finally, when I am ready to cum I push back and let his whole cock slide deep into my pussy. I start to ride him as hard as I can and tell him he needs to fuck his aunt hard. He starts to move in pace with me. The whole time I am telling him to fuck his aunt and to cum inside of her. I tell him how much his aunt needs to have his young cum in side of her. I can feel him start to cum in me, so I start rub my clit and bring myself off almost at the same time. When I finish coming, I lie down on top of him and ask him if he might remember that for a little while. He tells me that was the most unbelievable fuck he has ever got and assures me that he would remember that for as long as he lives.
We get dress and head outside with the drinks for everyone. My husband comes over to me, slips his hand in to my shorts, and slides his finger across my wet pussy and say looks as if the sangria is not the only thing that got some juice in it. I laugh and tell him I might have just spoiled his nephew for anyone else. He tells me he thinks that happened a while ago, but Lisa might be able to help him get by when you are not there.
By 5 o'clock, we have the deck stained and have all of the equipment cleaned up and putaway. I am not sure how much everyone has drank already but I know I am feeling good and am ready to have some fun. We all head in to clean up and get ready for dinner. I get into the shower and let the nice hot water run over me and relax. I hear the door open and Ryan gets in with me. He asks if he can give me a hand. I tell him sure and I hope a few other things to.
He starts by pouring soap all over me a rubbing it in with his hands. He spends a lot of time on my tits and nipples before moving down to my pussy and ass. I love the feeling of him sliding his soapy finger in and out of my pussy and asshole. I pull him in close to me and bring my nipple up to his mouth to get him to suck on them. It only takes him a few minutes to get me off.
I then push him against the wall and do the same for him. I take time to play with his nipples before moving down to his cock and balls. I soap him up and then wrap my tits around his cock. I tell his to fuck them and with each up stroke, I suck on the tip of his cock. When he is almost ready to cum I move to take his whole cock into my mouth and let him fuck my mouth quick and deep. As he starts to cum, I go down as far as I can and let his cum run down my throat. As we get out, he helps me dry off and gives me a hug and kiss before heading out.
I know the plan is to have pizza for diner and decide that I want to have some fun with the delivery guy. I put on a short pleated skirt that has a tendency to blow up with the smallest amount of wind. I top this off with a very sheer shirt and a demi bra. I leave most of the buttons undone. I then head out to find Lisa and Kelly to see if they are up for some fun with the delivery guy. I walk over to Lisa's room but see she is busy giving Jason a blowjob so pass her by and find Kelly. She is dressed in a cute little hello kitty pajamas that consist of very short shorts with nice wide leg opening and a halter top that is very lose. I tell her that I want to have some fun with the pizza guy and she thinks it is a great idea.
By the time we are done talking about it, Lisa comes up to us to find out want is going on. She is wearing a little baby doll teddy that is pink and mostly sheer. We let her in on the plan and she agrees right away. I tell them both that the guy who delivers the pizza is this nice little older guy maybe in his late 50s and that I have wanted to see what he would do if I was to dress like this and invite him in. We head down to find the guys and order diner. After the pizza is ordered, we all move into the family room and do a few Jell-O shots to get everyone going. The guys all agree to stay in the family room when the pizza is delivered and let us girls have some fun.
After only about 15 minutes, we hear the doorbell ring and all three of us move into the kitchen and I open the door to let the pizza guy in. The problem was it was not the pizza guy. I was looking right at my boss Scott and the shop floor supervisor John. Here I am with both of my tits clearly visible and Lisa and Kelly outfits leave nothing to the imagination either and I am total stunned. I like to flirt a little at work but have never done anything too far out there. I might wear a short skirt or low cut top and maybe spend extra time bending over or reach out to show off a little of my tits or legs but nothing like this. I know Scott has wanted me for a long time. He has asked me several times to go to dinner with him or go out to a bar but I always remind him I am married.
I just stand there not knowing what to say. He spends some time looking over me and the other two girls. He seems to recover quicker than I do and says he was not sure about coming over this weekend when I invited him and John. Now that he is here, he cannot believe that he would every pass up an invite like this. I total forgot about telling them to stop by for a beer. I tell them to come in and I hope he did not mind the way we look but we have been having a little fun this weekend and I totally forgot that they were stopping by. They both come in and John tells me that if I dress like this all the time at home he might be stopping in more often. Luckily, for me my husband comes into the kitchen and realizes what is going on. He shakes both Scott and John's hands and brings them into the family room.
As soon as they are out of the room, I start telling Kelly and Lisa who the guys were and that I cannot believe that I was just standing in front of my boss and coworker total exposed. I tell them Monday morning is going to be a tough one to face. They are both laughing and tell me that I had better make sure that they have a good time tonight. That why I can use this weekend, to black mail them into keeping quiet. I needed to regroup so I pour us all a big shot of some gray goose. I down the first and then pour us each another. By now, I am relaxing a little more and figure I might as well go with it. Knowing my husband, I am sure he is in the other room letting them in on what is going on and most likely getting them to go along with it.
When the doorbell rings a few minutes later, I jump because I total forgot about the pizza guy. I look at Kelly and Lisa and ask them if they are still up to have some fun. Kelly says she has an idea and pulls me close and tells me we should make out and let Lisa open the door. Both agree and this time Lisa opens the door and tells the guy to come in. Kelly and I are kissing and her hand is under my skirt playing with my ass. I hear the guy say whoa and I turn around and see the guy looking at Kelly and me. I say sorry about that but we just got carried away. He say don't stop on his account. He hands Lisa the Pizza, without even taking his eyes of Kelly and me.
I turn us sideways to give him a better look, reach up, and start to play with Kelly's tits. Lisa moves behind Kelly, reaches around her, pulls my tits out, and starts to play with my nipples. I look over at the guy and he looks like he has no idea what he should do. I tell him the money is on the counter but if he has time, I think we have a tip he might not forget. He tells us he has plenty of time. We move over to him and I start to kiss him while Kelly and Lisa undo his pants. He reaches up and starts to play with my tits. Lisa pulls his cock out and start to jack him off. Once his cock is hard they lean in and both put their lips over his cock. They run their mouths up and down his cock and stop to kiss each other and then back to his cock. I ask him to play harder with my tits, and tell him that they are so hard and sensitive right now. I do not think the guy was able to last even 5 minutes before he cums and shoot all over my legs and the girls faces. They both lean over and lick his cum off my legs. The whole time the pizza guy is watching. I ask him if that covers the tip. He tells me that more than covers the whole bill. We each take a turn giving the guy a deep kiss and play with his cock a few more times before he leaves. He tells us to let him know when we need pizza in the future.
As the guy is going down the drive, we are all watching and Lisa moves up behind me and lefts my skirt to give the guy a nice look at my pussy. I am so hot that I just want to cum, I reach down and pull Lisa hand onto my pussy and use it to start to rub my clit. I then remember my boss and coworker are in the next room. I try my best to get a grip on myself and get ready to move back into the room and tell the girls I need another drink before I go back into the family room to face Scott and John. We each do another shot, I pick up the pizzas, and we move into the family room.
I notice that all six of the guys have been watching what was going on in the kitchen. They start joking around about how happy that guy was and how they bet the pizza will be free from now on. My husband comes over to me and tells me Scott and John could not keep their eyes off of us while we were playing around and that Scott asked him several times if he was alright with what I was doing. He told Scott as long as he was there and had control of the situation that he loves when I play around. He also told him that I never do anything without him and that he should not get any ideas about what might happen at work. Scott told him our secret was safe with him. John also gave my husband his word.
I can tell I need to eat something because the last three shots were starting to get to me. We all eat and have several more drinks. Over dinner, we all start talking about the kind of life style my husband and I live. I tell a few stories of how we started to play around when we were still in high school. I tell them some of the more interesting times we have had. We go around the room and compare stories. Jason and Lisa both talk about what we did with them at St. Patrick's Day. The rest all say that they have never done anything like this but had always wanted to.
My husband comes up with a new game for us all to play. He tells us that each of us should take two pieces of paper and write on the best fantasies they have ever had. Then we each put our names on a separate sheet. The guy names went into one bowl, the girl names into a different bowl. The fantasies into a third bowl. The plan was to pick the first fantasy from the bowl and then select from the other two bowls the number of people it would take to fulfill the fantasy. Each fantasy would get 2 minutes and then we would move on to the next. Before we got started, I added that each time we all had to do a shot before we pick. Each round we would do a shot of the oldest person's choice all the way to the youngest.
Scott being the oldest picks to do a shot of Johnny Walker. So each of us pour a shot and drinks it down. Normally I cannot drink strait JW but with everything I drank today, I do not have a problem. He then goes over to the bowl with the fantasies in it and pulls out the first one and reads it to us. It is to watch two girls 69 each other. This turns out to be John's fantasy. I think this is tame and I am sure all of us girls would have no issue with this. Scott pulls Kelly and Lisa's name out of the girl's bowls. Lisa and Kelly move to the center of the floor and both remove their bottoms. Kelly lies on her back and Lisa gets on top. They both start to lick and pay with the others pussy. I can tell that they are turned on. Before either of them can cum the time runs out.
My husband is the next oldest and he picks to do a shot of apple pucker. As he pours, I can tell he is giving the girls a much bigger shot then the guys. We all drink and then he selects the next fantasy. This time it is more fun and daring. The fantasy is to fuck a girl outside in plain sight of anyone that could be around. Scott tells everyone that was his. My husband picks John's name from the guys bowl and tell me that it is only fair that I take this one because Kelly and Lisa had to do the last one.
We all head outside, John and I move right up on too the deck and continue out to the end of the dock at the water's edge. I do not see anyone around but am sure that anyone looking our way could see everything. I lean on a post and bend over so that I know everyone can see my ass and pussy right under my skirt. John moves up behind me. To show me off a little more he flips my skirt up over my ass. He then unzips his pants and pulls out his cock. He then slides it into my pussy. He starts out slow but picks up speed quickly knowing that he only has two minutes. He reaches up and pulls my shirt up to expose my tits. He starts to pull and twist my nipples. I am so hot that I am almost ready to cum and can feel it building up when we run out of time. I stand up, flip my skirt down, and put my tits back in my shirt. I give John a kiss and tell him maybe next time he can cum in me. I look around and notice that a few of the boys that live next door are outside playing. I see them looking our way as we are heading back to the house, but not sure if they had seen what we were doing. We all head back in and get ready for round three.
It is my turn to pick a fantasy and drink. I am really feeling drunk so I tell everyone that we are all just doing a shot of sangria. After doing my shot I pick the fantasy. This fantasy is to stand in the center of a room naked, have everyone in the room feel, and grab me all over. They are touching, kissing, and licking me everywhere. Kelly tells us that this was hers. My husband says that he sees no reason for us not to let Kelly fulfill this fantasy. She moves into the center of the room and takes everything off. Once the timer start we all move up close to her and start to play with her. I move behind her and start to kiss and suck on her neck and earlobes, everyone else take different parts. I can see Ryan is sucking on her right nipple someone else is playing with her left. Scott moves up next to me. He starts to run his one hand over her ass, moves his other hand up my leg, and starts to play with my pussy. I spread my legs and give him full access. I can hear Kelly moaning and can feel her cumming almost at once. At the end of the 2 minutes, she tells everyone that more than meet her fantasy.
We all agree to make this a little more fun that who evers fantasy is picked that they get to take part in it. It is johns turn and he picks to do a shot of blackberry brandy. By now, I am walking a little wobbly but still have a clear head. John picks the next fantasy and it is to have a girl jack him off and allow him to cum on her face and tits and then have her scoop it up and lick his cum off her fingers. Ryan tells everyone that this is his. John pick Lisa's name out of the girl's bowl. I tell them if they make it interesting to watch that we will let them finish.
Lisa pulls her top off and gets on her knees. Ryan moves over in front of his sisters and removes his pants and underwear. Lisa starts by rubbing her pussy and getting her hand all slippery with her own juices. She then starts slowly moving her hand up and down his cock and every few strokes she puts the head of his cock in her mouth and gives it a few got licks. When she is not sucking, on his cock she tells him how his sister wants him to cum on her and how she wants to feel his hot cum on her face and tits. I can tell he is ready to cum when his sister stick her finger from her other hand up his ass. With that, he shot right into her face and the next one is on her left tit. When he finishes shooting, she leans over and licks the top of his cock clean. She then lets him go and pulls her tit up to her face and licks them cum off her tit and uses her finger scoops up the cum on her face and sucks it off as if she is sucking his cock. We all give her a big applauds and all of the guys tell her she could do that for them anytime.
Kelly, being the next oldest, picks to do a shot of cherry whiskey. So we all do our shot and now I can tell things are getting fuzzy. I sit down on the coach with Scott and John on either side of me. John takes my left leg, drapes it over his, and starts to rub my thigh. Scott notices what he did and does the same. By the time Kelly picks the next fantasy, Scott has his hand on my pussy rubbing my clit. To me this is such a great feeling. I love to have a good buzz going and have someone slowly rubbing on my clit. I lean into him and tell him he is doing a great job and to keep it going.
Kelly picks the next fantasy and tells us all that it is having his girlfriend riding his cock while another girl is riding his face. Shawn says this is his fantasy. Seeing Lisa did the last fantasy I volunteer to do this one. Even though Scotts fingers on my pussy was feeling so good. Shawn lies down on the floor and Kelly pulls off her bottoms and lowers herself down on to Shawn's cock. I move over and lower myself right down on his face. I need to put my hand on Kelly to keep from falling over. She starts to ride up and down on him and he starts to lick my pussy and moves up to my ass and then back down. Kelly leans over and we start kissing and playing with each other's nipples. It takes me less than a minute and I am cumming on his face and moaning into Kelly's mouth. This set Shawn off and he cums while I am just calming back down. Kelly leans down and kisses him and lick up my juice from around his mouth and asks him if that meet his fantasy. He tells her that he loved it and thanked her for helping him make it real.
Jason is the next oldest and he pick to do a shot of grey goose. I am very drunk and can tell that it will not be long before I am out of it. Jason picks the next fantasy and it is to have his wife tied down while people fuck her with a dildo and lick and play with her nipples and sucking a cock. My husband says this is his fantasy. They move me down onto the floor and all the guys remove my clothes. My husband goes and gets one of my dildos from our room. Jason and Shawn hold down my hands and Ryan and my husband hold down my legs. My husband gives Scott the dildo and John moves over my face and puts his cock in my mouth. I allow him to move freely in and out of my mouth so that he can put it in as deep as he wants. Scott starts to slide the dildo into my pussy. He works it in deep and then moves it all the way out. At the same time, he begins to finger my ass and I can feel his finger sliding into me. Jason and Ryan start to play with my nipples. The feeling is great and then Scott starts to lick my clit as he keeps pumping me with the dildo and fingering my asshole. I am not sure how many times I came but it was great. I can remember my husband picking me up and laying me down on the couch across Scott and John's lap but that is the last clear memory I had. I was aware that they did not bother to put my clothes back on. John was playing with my nipples. Scott had my legs spread playing with my pussy.
My husband tells me this is how the rest of the night went. Shawn is the next oldest and pick to do a shot of gin. By now, he tells me that all of the girls are just as out of it as I was so the guys do a shot and Shawn picks the next fantasy. It is one of John's again. It was to have two girls give him a blowjob at the same time. The suggestion is made to look through and pick out one of Jason's and one of my fantasies instead because everyone else had one already. His fantasy is to fuck a girl from behind while another girl lies under him and licks her pussy and his cock and balls. They have Lisa and Kelly get into a 69 position with Kelly on top. Jason gets behind Kelly and works his cock into her and Lisa start to lick her clit and Jason's balls. It only takes a few minutes before Jason is cumming. My husband tells me that when his is done he sits back and all the guys watch as Lisa lick and sucks up as much cum out of Kelly as she could. This puts Kelly over the edge and she cums before Lisa is done.
During this whole time, Scott and John are still working on me. My husband tell me that John has got his dick in my mouth and using his hands to move my head to up and down on his cock. Scott is using his cock to rub up and down on my pussy and ass. John is the first to cum and he holds my head tight so that he can cum deep into my mouth. A few minutes later Scott cums and shots his cum on my stomach, pussy, and ass. My husband brings Kelly over to us and has her lick Scott and John's cum off their cocks and my pussy, stomach, and face.
Part III coming soon