***Author's note: This is the second chapter of A Night Outside. This follows and introduces the second main character for the series as well as another couple of friends who will be important later. It is not necessary to read the first chapter to understand the second. This story takes place at the same time from a female point of view of Derek's night outside.***
*****
Samantha practically slammed the front door, waiting until it was closed to flip an obscene gesture at the departing Uber driver. It had taken nearly 45 minutes to find one while leaving the downtown bar district, then the driver got lost on the drive home. How does someone get lost following GPS on their phone? A twenty minute drive to the outskirts of town took another 45 minutes. She had asked her two other friends if they wanted to come in and wait for another. They declined, saying they didn't want to wait another 30 minutes to wait on a new Uber. Besides they had each other, and the girls wanted to get home to celebrate their engagement.
She was happy for the pair, but a tinge of jealously of the situation tried invade her thoughts. A few months ago she too had been engaged, but her asshole boyfriend had to go and have sex with an ex-girlfriend. She broke off the engagement as soon as she found out. It was probably for the best as there were certain things about how she lived of which he did not approve. Fights about it might have pushed him into his ex's wait arms. He was still a lying piece of shit.
She longed for a real partner, a serial monogamous since she had her first real relationship. She had promised herself to stay single for at least six months. It didn't mean she long for contact though, the only guys she met out tonight didn't even rate high enough in her book for a night of fun. Even with her tiny bit of lowered standards from four months without sexual contact. She would have to handle her own fun this evening.
She fumbled for the light switch in the unfamiliar home, her light buzz didn't help her in the grace department. She was house sitting for her aunt and her family while they spent a couple weeks on vacation in Japan. It was an improvement from her tiny apartment she was renting while she finished her MBA. One more semester and the completion of her internship this summer and she would graduate. Her old firm had promised her a position when she graduated, although she wasn't certain as her ex-fiance still worked there. At least she would be in a different department and would hardly ever have to see him.
With the lights finally turned on she kicked off her shoes and walked up the short staircase up out of the entry way. She quickly scanned the state of the thick curtains, intended to keep light out of the home theater that her uncle had turned the front room into. She was almost certain they had been closed when she left. Sometimes she did like to let the sunshine in when she knew it was light enough outside not to be easily seen as she walked around the house. Feeling confident that she couldn't be seen, She lifted her light blue sundress off over her head. Now only her bra stood in her way of her natural, at home state, wearing nothing but tan lines during the summer.
She reached behind her back and undid her bra, letting it fall to the floor in a pile with her dress. It felt amazing to relieve the pressure from the wires that dug into the bottom side of her breasts. It had taken her a couple of days to be comfortable going nude in her aunt's house, but she wasn't going to go a full two weeks without being a home nudist.
This was the thing he did not not like about her. She still couldn't believe that having a cute naked girl at home at all times was a thing to argue against. He always brought up what if the neighbors saw or his parents dropped by unannounced. She argued that she had been a home nudist since she went to college, and she had never been caught. She took precautions, like keeping the blinds and curtains closed, and keeping tops and bottoms with her she could quickly shimmy into. At least she was never caught by anyone that wasn't in on it. Even when she lived with roommates, she hadn't been caught. Well excepting by Sara and Alison, but they had known about her proclivities. Hell they even participated. It had been a little awkward when the girls had come out to her and made their dating public. She took a couple of week break from the home nudism, at least while they were in the apartment, before she grew comfortable again.
She scooped up her dress, walking it to the bathroom where she had her clothes hamper during her stay. She scanned the windows in rooms in the hallway just to assure herself that no one could see her activities. She flipped on the light in the bathroom and tossed her clothes in the hamper basketball style.
It had been awhile since she had played basketball, she had the height for it, and did well in high school. That is where she met Alison and Sara, rivals on the court that eventual went to the same university and became friends. When she went off to college her grades were good enough to get her a full ride scholarship, and she felt that she would not have the time to keep up her grades, play ball and have a social life. Basketball was the thing she let slip to the wayside, but not the friends she made while playing.
She walked over to the sink and grabbed a hair tie, pulling her shoulder length strawberry blonde hair into a ponytail. She took a long look at herself in the mirror. Toned abs created a crease pointing down her lightly tanned body. The rest of her was sleek, athletic and toned. She worked hard on her body, it was a great stress reliever for her classes and internship. She felt that her breasts were a little small for her six foot frame, but they were perky and capped with small pink nipples. Right now they had pressure marks on their undersides from the push up bra she wore out for the night. Her shoulders and upper ribs also bore pressure marks from her undergarment. Her waist bore no such marks, as she hardly ever wore underwear in long enough dresses. She felt like she brought a little of her nudity with her when she went out without them.
Her vagina was smoothly waxed, the lips of her labia showing only the faintest of slits, clit peeking through the uppermost folds, in her current, unexcited state. Her legs beneath were those of a runner and sported a thigh gap between her sex and muscular thighs. This was advantageous as it allowed her to run bottomless on her treadmill without her legs rubbing together. She would wear only a sports bra to keep her boobs from painfully flopping around, and a pair of running shoes.
She had pulled her hair back to prevent it from getting wet with her next activity, she planned to take a long, stress relieving soak in the hot tub on her aunts covered deck. She walked down the hall to the small guest bedroom. Her aunt had told her she could sleep on the king size bed in the master bedroom, but she did not feel comfortable sleeping nude in someone else's bed. The full size bed did not quite fit her tall frame, but she felt better there. She grabbed her beach towel that was hanging on a hook behind the door, it felt dry enough since her soak last evening. She threw it over right shoulder. The towel caressed her right nipple and pussy, lightly but not unnoticed. From the end table beside the bed she picked up her waterproof e-reader, a romance novel would be a nice stress relief.
She paused a second internally debating, although she felt comfortable naked in the house she did not know if she felt comfortable masturbating in her aunt's hot tub. She shook off the discomfort, almost sure that her college age cousins had done worse. The boys had to have gotten off in every room in this house. She would have preferred to find an actual dick for the night, but a little artificial penetration would relieve some pressure. She shook off the lingering unease and opened the drawer on the end table grabbing her hot pink, six inch, vibrating dildo. Made of smooth silicone, it looked like a smooth rocket and not the veiny artificial phallus that was also popular. The vibration it could provide on her clitoris would get her close to a great orgasm, but a little penetration would kick it up a little.
Almost absent mindedly her right index and middle finger traced an arc across her either side of her labia, sending a shiver of pleasure up her spine. She could feel her nipples harden as she brushed against herself. Before she turned to leave the room she reopened the drawer and picked up the toy safe lube. Normally she had no problem providing her own moisture, but the chlorinated water in the hot tub could make her feel dry. She glanced at the time glowing out from the cable box beneath her television. 2:45 am, she knew she had a day to recover tomorrow before returning to her internship on Monday.
She flipped off the bedroom light and walked back down the hall toward the enclosed back deck. As she reached down to open the door she paused again. She had the hot tub, a book, and her vibrator, but felt she could relax a little more if she grabbed the white wine from the fridge. Opening the door to the enclosed deck she peeked out, ensuring she hadn't left open any of the dark tinted windows that surrounded the deck. She loved to be naked, but had no desire to put herself on display to the world. She draped her towel over the chair closest to the door, and set her e-reader and toy on top of the towel. Hands empty she lifted the cover off the hot tub that took up most of the room in the deck. And set it down to the right of the tub. She felt the warm water with her finger tips, warm but not too hot to enjoy a long comforting soak.
She turned and walked back in feeling the cool tile on her feet felt good after a night in pretty, but not entirely comfortable shoes. She withdrew the small bottle of white wine left over from early that night before she, Sara and Alison went out for the evening. She also saw that the girls had left a small bottle of champagne, no morning mimosas for them. From the cabinet she selected a plastic wine glass. Adhering to her aunt's waterside drink ware rules even as she was doing something else of which she knew her aunt would not approve. Glass was to never be used around the hot tub as broken pieces would be nearly impossible to find. She turned off lights as she headed back to the deck. Although the windows were tinted, it was a moonless night and if she had back light her silhouette could be seen in the yards beyond.
She picked back up her e-reader and toy and placed them along with the glass of wine on the hot tub lip. She clicked the door closed behind her and made certain it was dark on the deck, almost too dark, she couldn't see the hot tub controls as she fumbled to turn on the bubbles and jets. The room lit up briefly when she grazed the tub lighting controls before turning them back off in a panic. The tubs massaging features were almost all water jets, that lacked the loud noise and frothing water one would associate with a hotel hot tub.
She let her eyes adjust, just enough light to see her surroundings silhouetted the major features of the room, blue light spilling out of a digital clock on the wall in a corner nearest the house. She used the steps beside the tub and stepped into the warm water. Water swirled around and titillated her naked body. She scooped up her book and wine, crossing the tub toward a jet embedded seat that faced out toward the backyard and her neighbor's closed pool beyond. As she settled into the seat, one of the jets oscillated water across her clit and lips. The sensation was exhilarating, perhaps she wouldn't need her toy at all. A devious smirk crossed her face, like nearly every girl she had experience the pleasure of a pool jet on her vagina, but she had never brought herself to orgasm using only a jet.
That would be a little later, she needed a little mental stimulation to get things going. She did like to watch porn at times to get her juices flowing, but this was her aunt's house, and the slow build of a tawdry romance novella sounded like a great way to spend her night. Her e-reader's backlit screen spilled out just enough light to read. She took a sip of wine and got back to the tale of a duchess in a loveless marriage, whose husband did not return from the great war.
That was all in the prologue, the main story covered a number of suitors that the duchess would test out before they proposed marriage. The current vignette was about a fiery Scotsman that had taken the duchess to his manor to impress her. A sudden snow storm had left them snowed in and he had insisted in showing of his masculine qualities. He was splitting wood in the back of the manor. She was enjoying the view. Her left hand massaged her right nipple as the scene heated up. The Scotsman was persuaded to remove his cold, wet clothing. Fire started to stir in the duchess as she looked on the man's battle hardened body. As a show of solidarity with her potential suitor she stripped down to a bodice, panties, and thigh-high stockings. Samantha let her imagination take it from there.
Samantha's left hand released her nipple and descended further underwater. Her thumb pressed into her clit, fingers traced slow circles gently across her inner labia. She began to probe into herself, first with a single finger, checking to see how slick she felt under the water. Satisfied with her lubrication she slid a second finger in. She moved her fingers slowly in and out of her vagina, stimulating herself with small circles around her clit with her thumb. She closed her eyes and started to fantasize about being the duchess.
If she was the duchess she would pull the lord of the manner in for a kiss, then let him get a good long look at her fit body. She would untie her bodice and slide out of it. Her eyes would stay locked on the Scotsman. She would beckon him close to her and the warmth of the fire and encourage him to loose his last undergarment. She would be curious to see if his red hair was as vibrantly colored over his crotch. She would respond in kind, leaving her only wearing her stockings. She would lean in for a long kiss, allowing her finger tips to brush against his cock hoping to stir it to life. He no longer be able to contain himself. Hands would wander over one another.
She sat the e-reader down on the lip of the tub, allowing her right hand to start to stroking her breasts. Her mind flashed back to the boyfriend before last, who teased and manipulated her nipples causing her to orgasm without any touching of her vagina or clit. Her nipples had hardened into peaks at the memory. She quickly inhaled as a wave of pleasure passed through her body. Her left hand quickened its pace in and out of her. Her hips bucked forward as her pelvis pushed into her hand. She felt herself getting closer and closer to her first orgasm.
She stopped her hands movement and sat up onto her knees. She used her right hand to feel out the find the jets pulsing out of the hot tub. Finding the best candidate jet she positioned herself so that the jet's torrent of water was parallel to her slit. She closed her eyes tight as as she pushed herself into the jet and felt the water vibrate into her lips. She gasped and pulled back a little as the feeling was overwhelming on clit. She slowly lowered herself back toward the jet, allowing the intense stream to go from staggering to pleasurable.
"Oh", quietly escaped her lips. She felt a little embarrassed by her sounds at first, stemming from trying the keep roommates to overhearing her pleasurable outbursts. Her right hand balanced herself with the rim of the hot tub. Her left hand concentrated on pressing circles around her swollen nipples. "Gah, unn, gah", this time louder and more confident. She slid herself in and out of the stream of water, feeling the building of an intense orgasm. Each time she brought her vagina into the stream she would push her clit a little closer to the jet, and stay in the pressure zone a little longer, intensifying the feeling. "Ohhhh God" She exclaimed as pleasure pulsed through her body. She could feel the walls of her vagina convulse and contract, sending heat rushing through her veins. Her vision blurred and she closed her eyes tight, seeing waves of scarlet ripple across her closed eyelids. She leaned back and allowed herself to sink a little, body convulsing with euphoric waves cascading around her. Her left hand wandered down to her vagina, pressing into herself and elongating the sense of intense pleasure. Her right hand barely managed to keep her ponytail out of the water.
"Wow", her senses started to return. She slowed left hand on her vagina. She tried to decide if a single orgasm would be sufficient for the night, or if she wanted to push herself to a higher plateau of ecstasy. The clock shown out 3:05 am, in the darkness. She glanced back at the far hot tub rail and saw her toy standing straight up, looking a little sad and unused. She couldn't help but notice the interior of the room was starting to steam up a little, maybe she should crack open one of the tinted windows.
She stood up on to the seat, the jet that brought her screaming across the orgasm line swirled around her right foot. From her position the waterline lapped languidly around her knees. She glanced down at her swollen labia and clitoris. Instead of being a narrow slit, it now beckoned entry from a willing phallus. It had been four months since she had a penis thrust into her, and the absence was starting to make her libido go wild.
Her right hand explored her excited sex, beyond the wetness from the hot tub she could feel the incredible slickness of her own juices coating fingers.Don't think I will need the lube.She stepped out of the tub, careful not to fall on the slick fake wood beneath fer feet. She toweled off the excess water dripping off her naked skin. She picked up her toy and took a step toward the southern window. Her left hand brushed the tip of the dildo across herself, applying light pressure and letting her juices coat the silicone vibrator.
She debated momentarily between the left window and the one that faced her neighbor's pool. The deck next door looked in directly on the left, bad news if her neighbor's dog needed out in the middle of the night. The southern window was a better bet, the neighbor's deck all the way passed the pool. She quietly unlocked and slowly slid the the window open, allowing some of the humidity to escape the room.
As she started to turn around and walk the couple steps back to the tub she caught movement out of the corner of her eye. She crouched down in a panic and peered out the screened window, heartbeat pounding in her ears. Something pale was moving out of her neighbor's back door.What the fuck?
A young man was steeping out of his house, nearly completely nude, wearing only a pair of black sneakers. The man was at least her age, and a good three inches taller than her. He was thin and athletic. Muscle tone showing all around his body, she couldn't help admire his muscular ass as he turned to the south preparing to head down the stairs. His body was just her type. Before he got to the stairs he turned around and dashed to the outdoor sofa threw himself down on it as a cop car rolled by. She had gotten a good view of his groin as he turned toward the lounger, hairless.
She had never been with a man that wore the same pubic hairstyle as her, they had always been well groomed but never hairless. She personally tried the full wax routine in college, and loved the look and feel. Even when she was between lovers she kept it up as she enjoyed the feel as she walked around her own living space. She had tried to get the last couple of boyfriends to join her in hairlessness but they both refused, saying it made them feel less manly. Their loss it probably would have meant more blowjobs for them. She was curious about how two smooth groins would feel as they came together. She let her finger tips feel her own smooth skin.
Although she approved of almost everything about naked man's body, his penis was a little on the small size.Maybe he's a growerShe thought. She started to turn and leave the man to his naked lounging, when his hand started to move up and down on his crotch.Is he really going to jack off outside?She watched curiously as his cock started to harden, she had never had an opportunity to watch a man masturbate without knowing someone was watching them. She had a perfect view from her covered perch, eyes already adjusted to the moonless night. He looked at the houses around him, she held her breath when he looked her way, but he didn't seem to notice her.
She questioned whether or not she should keep watch this private moment, but why would he being doing this outside if he didn't want to be watched. Besides, her vagina was enjoying the visual stimulation. She apparently liked to watch. She glanced around her and saw a chair in the corner. She quietly moved the chair over to where she had been kneeling. She positioned it carefully so she could get a great view of the man's activities. He was leaned back, his left hand moving up and down his shaft. His right hand rested on top of his head, looking very relaxed as he was masturbating.
She moved her left hand to her clitoris and moved small circles around and over the nub. With her right she moved the tip of her dildo up and down her vagina lips, coating it in her own juices. She let out just a little bit of a gasp as she pushed the phallus inside herself. She froze hoping he hadn't heard her. He stood up, his penis was now erect, but still a little small. She thought he might be headed inside, but he certainly had not finished. She hadn't seen him cum. Maybe he had heard her.
Instead of heading inside, he walked down the stairs, showing no modesty. He started to run as he approached the bottom. She suppressed a giggle as he tripped and sprawled across the yard. As she suppressed the giggle she withdrew her toy. She saw a motorcycle thunder down the road, probably why he got into a hurry on the stairs. She glanced down at her dildo, shiny with her own lubrication. Her attention shifted when the man stood and walked toward the fence.
He touched his dick to the fence then turned around and started to stroke himself, back to the fence. His cock looked to finally be fully erect. She started to fantasize that dick pushing into her, and imitated with her vibrator. Her own strokes were slow at first, picking up speed as she went. She started to match the man's motions. Her legs spread and pushed against the arms of the chair. Her left hand pressed on her clit, waves of pleasure cascading around her body.
She pushed her ass forward until it was on the edge of the chair. Her legs came up and back on top of the armrests. She could practically feel one hand on her hip and another on her shoulder as the imaginary man thrust into her. She looked back up her spread legs framing the view, the man was rubbing his hand across the head of his dick. She surmised that he was coating himself with precum as he continued to pleasure himself. She started to match his strokes with her own thrusts, approaching a second orgasm.
The man let go of his penis, she could finally get a real good look of the full cock. It was fairly long, but more than that it was girthy. Not the biggest she had ever seen, but larger than her last two boyfriends. Neither of them had ever had any trouble pleasing her. The cock stuck up and out well above horizontal. He turned to the south, giving her a nice view of his ass. He walked away from her. She was slightly disappointed as the show moved further into the distance. She pushed her dildo into herself and held it there as she brought her legs back down and leaned forward in her chair. Pushing her ass back to the chair back so she could get a little closer to the window screen.
The man was now at the far fence and peeking over the top of it. He then walked to the southeastern corner of the yard turned around and squatted down, kneeling on his knees. She had to move the chair to sneak a view between tree branches. If he was closer she would have a perfect view. As it was she had to choose between a good view of his face and a good view of his crotch. She choose to shift her view between the two as she loved to see the look of pleasure on his face, but her vagina craved what was going on below.
Moving her head up and down gave her an idea. She took the dildo with her right hand and stabilized it on the chair facing up. She positioned her pussy directly above it and carefully lowered herself on it. Using her muscular legs and left hand on the arm rest she moved up and down the shaft of the phallus. She knew she couldn't safely match pace with the man's stroking, but she could watch and seek her own pleasure. She again started slow, afraid she would slip and hurt herself. When she started to feel confident she picked up the pace.
She looked up and saw the man using a backward left handed grip on his cock.InterestingShe had only experienced a little of the male masturbation process, a few strokes to get started here and there. Or a couple of strokes after they pulled out of her to cross the finish line, though she preferred to bring them across with her own hands or mouth. She was enjoying a look at how the process worked from unexcited to... Well he hadn't finished his own race yet. She had to imagine he was getting close for as long and as furiously as he was wanking.
She let her mind wander for a minute closing her eyes. She fantasized dropping the dildo, walking down the stairs of her own deck, not caring who could see her body in the night air. Walking into his back yard, through a non existent hole in the fence. She would lock eyes with him and confidently, nakedly walk over to him. He would stop his own motions transfixed on her. His eyes would slowly work up from her long legs. Pausing a little as they took in her smooth groin and then again at her chest. Finally his eyes would meet her own, showing a hunger for her. She imagined her gaze willing him to get up and meet her halfway. When he got to her she would caress his chest with a light touch before she would wordlessly push him down into the white pool lounge chair. She straddled the lounge leaned forward at her hip and gave him a long deep passionate kiss.
Her arms would brush over his chest and down his prominent abs. She would end the kiss and stare directly into eyes as she straightened back up then and then crouched down. Her hands would guide his shaft into her warm, wet vagina. She would slowly lower herself on his swollen cock, until her clit touched the smooth area above his penis. She would pause briefly feeling the warmth of his dick filling her. She would contract her vaginal muscles around him, testing the how well his girth filled her.
She would then start to move up and down, letting the long slow strokes completely coat him with her juices. She would move her arms too his chest to stabilize herself on him. As she picked up speed, she hoped that he would Grab her around the waist and thrust to meet her bucking. This would leave her hands free, one would move up to her breasts, fondling her nipples. The other would alternate its attention between her excited clit and his testicles.
The sounds of wet lubricated sex and slaps of smooth skin on smooth skin would echo off the
fences, joined by each other's shameless moans of pleasure. She would pick up speed as they both approached the largest of orgasms, excited by the brazenly public sex act. She would wildly massage her clit to bring her over her own finish line. Screams of pleasure would ring out as she came. She would engulf his phallus all the way to the base. The pulsations and contractions of her orgasm clamping on his member and triggering his own finish.
His grunts and moans mingling with her screams, anyone nearby would have no doubt about what the pair was doing She would close her eyes tight seeing the reds and purples of a great orgasm pulse across her eyelids. She could feel heat radiate out from her vagina as it felt the pulsing cock spraying pulse after pulse deep into her. Time would seem to stop in the moment as both rode out the moments of supreme pleasure.
When the pulses and waves broke she would open her eyes and stare into his. She would lean down and kiss him one more time. Satisfied vagina still quaking around his spent cock. She would press her sensitive breasts into his chest. The kiss would finally end and she would stand, his penis sliding out and thumping off his shorn groin. She would linger just a few heartbeats, letting his molten deposit flow out of her contented vagina. She would give him a smile, a wink, and a wave then turn and walk back to her yard giving him a terrific view of her ass as a parting gift. Neither of them would exchange a single word as they both left the moment back to their own world.
She opened her eyes back to reality. She saw him clinching his fists away from swollen cock, she thought she might have missed his moment. She leaned forward and scanned the grass in front of him seeing no sign of sticky white liquid. She leaned back a little and looked at his face, his eyes where shut and he had a look of intense determination.Was he willing himself not to cum?From her knowledge of male masturbation she thought that all the were after was release. He seemed to be going for something more. After what seemed like forever his left hand grabbed a glob of precum off the tip of his dick. What had to be a minute later he worked the fluid around his cock and resumed his backhanded strokes.
With out really noticing it, she had shifted from riding her dildo to a seated, legs splayed position for easy access to her excited fun zone. Her right hand was giving her long, slow, languid strokes of her toy. She leaned forward to get the best view of his activities. It was a fascinating look at how men might masturbate. Her left hand lazily went back and forth from her clitoris to giving attention to each tit. It gave her right nipple a little more attention than her left, it was always more sensitive than its counterpart. The orgasm she had approached while fantasizing had faded to a general pleasant feeling instead of another plateau. The urge to push across another barrier had temporally faded, and she was enjoying the show.
In the distance a train whistle sounded. The man took off in a run toward the deck. Behind him the neighbor's light flipped on. She could see a look of panic on his face as he leaped over the lines from his air conditioner. He looked to be hiding from the light that had come on in the opposite yard. She was, however, enjoying the view of his backside. She listened to the train whistle and a mischievous smirk crossed her countenance. It should be loud enough that her vibrator shouldn't be heard. She pulled out to the edge of her pussy then a seasoned hand rotated the back end to the on position. She could feel her labia vibrating with the sound, sending pleasure waves and heat out from her center. She glanced up to make sure the newly introduced sound had not been noticed. He was peeking to the side of the condenser towards his neighbor. She moved the tip up to come into contact with her excited clit.
It was almost too much at first. Scarlets and rubies swept through her closed eyes. Her left hand took the vibrator and her right hand started to tentatively probe the juices practically flowing from her vagina. It had been months since she had been this turned on, and never had she reached these heights from masturbation. Watching was an incredible thrill.
Her fingers started to move quickly and wetly in and out of her. She was getting really close to her second O of the night. She quickened her pace and moved her up and down her clitoral hood. She questioned only momentarily pushing passed to the next plateau, as sometimes it would leave her satisfied and she wanted to watch all of this going on. Part of her worried that she wouldn't be able to control her vocal outbursts.
She pressed the vibrator directly on her clit, fingers were moving in and out at blinding speed. It took everything in her power and years of practice with roommates not to cry out when the moment came. Time stopped for only a heartbeat, her eyes clinched closed and the most vivid colors of the sunset exploded through her vision. Heat detonated out from her vagina. She held her breath and dropped her dildo. Her entire body convulsed, she sat up. Her legs crossed tightly, she contracted her leg and pelvic muscles, extending the pleasure. The walls of her pussy rhythmically pulse up and down the length of her. One hand involuntarily punched the armrest while the other clamped over her mouth to prevent a scream. Pulses of air inhaling and exhaling sharply through her nose.
After what seemed both forever and only an instance, the intense convulsions subsided and she revealed in the post orgasmic endorphins rushing through her veins. She opened her eyes and shook her head lightly, her breathing returned to normal. Her senses returning, she couldn't help noticing the sound of her vibe amplified as it resonated on the wooden planks. She moved quickly to grab it as it slowly crawled in a circle under her seat, rotating it back to the off position. She suppressed a chortle at the odd scene.
When she finished chasing her vibrator she looked up and saw that the neighbor's porch light was off again. She looked back to the condenser, he was gone. Her vision snapped to the backdoor, had she missed his retreat. He had seemed honestly terrified when the light came on. The door was still open. She scanned back down and saw the man crouched at the corner of the house barely out from under the deck. His cock had suffered from the fear it appeared, back to its small, compact form.
She felt a slight tinge of sadness, thinking that almost getting caught would end his night. She hated when something interrupted a night of pleasure, with or without a partner. It could be so frustrating to be so close to satisfaction and have it denied. She wanted him to be able to finish. She wanted him to have at least one orgasm like the one watching him had given her. Besides her own juices were still flowing and she would like more herself.
Moments later he scrambled to his right getting between an out cropping of the house and the chimney. She could see his eyes darting around wildly, probably checking to see if anyone could see him. Her back deck was the only place that could see his activities. She held her breath as his eyes surveyed her perch. She was pretty confident that the shadows from the screen would obscure her, but she couldn't be certain. His eyes went back to himself and his penis. She had a perfect, intimate view of his strokes.
He employed a technique she had never seen before. He placed his fingers around his dick parallel to the shaft instead of perpendicular. It didn't take him long before his phallus started to respond again. As it inflated he changed to the more common position. Her left hand returned to her clitoris. She moved her hand in circles with the rhythm, she could feel the influx of pleasure as her excitement started to climb from her previous plateau. It had been so long since she had actual, sexual, human, skin on skin contact. Her libido was ravenous.
She let her mind construct a new fantasy with the mysterious stranger. This time it was almost a tangible plan in the making. She could quietly rise, collect her sundress from the hamper. Use it to hide her nude body from anyone driving down the road. She could walk around the fence, sneaking peeks through the fence slats. Assuring her that he was still at it. She would walk into his side yard, shimmy back out of her dress, dropping it in the side yard. She would then open the gate and walk boldly into the backyard. Again they would lock eyes, she would beckon to him with her hand.
This time when he got close she would drop to her knees and take his shaft in both hand. Temporarily, satisfied by her last orgasm she would concentrate on bringing him across the finish line. She would take his entire length deep into her mouth and throat. It had been awhile since she had full control over the moment of someone else's pleasure. She would back his shaft out of her throat slightly and let her tongue circle the head of his cock, teasing him closer and closer to the point of no return. Her right hand would stabilize his shaft and she would move her mouth up and down his length. Her left hand would tease and squeeze his smoothly shorn balls. She would stare directly into his eyes as she sucked his cock, he would be entirely under her sway.
After little time, with all the stroking he had been doing on his own, she would feel the familiar tightening of his balls and moans of pleasure that let her know he was past his point of no return. She would allow just one blast of salty semen to cross her lips, before she would finish him with her right hand. She could see him, legs quaking, ass clinching and hips instinctual bucking forward. She would feel his pulses through his cock as splash after splash landed on her tits and the grass around them.
She would give him just a moment rest for his sensitive member before taking it back into her mouth sucking the dregs from him. Her tongue would start to bring his erection back to life. She would stand right hand still on his cock. She would whisper in his ear, 'Your Turn'. She would walk him by his penis across the yard and to the pool lounge from her other fantasy. She would turn and lay down, releasing his dick. She would spread her legs wide and beckon him towards her smooth, wet vagina.
He, being a proper gentlemen in her fantasy, would lean down and kiss her passionately, unbothered by his own specimen on her lips. With one hand his strong thumb would seek out her excited clit. One finger would probe and explore her depths. He would release the kiss and slowly plant more down her body, starting with behind her ear. Down to her clavicle. His second hand found one of her breasts. He slowly massaged around her sensitive areola. A second finger would enter her vagina, the pair exploring her walls looking for her g-spot. Undaunted by his own semen, his mouth would find her other tit. His tongue would swirl around her nipple, before lightly he would bite and suck the nipple. A moan would escape her lips as the first waves of heat started to radiate from her vagina. Right as he was getting the most out of his ministrations on her breast, his mouth would resume its southward procession leaving her wanting so much more, moving back toward the center of her body.
He would plant kisses slowly every couple of inches. Passed her belly button, neither hand stopping. She started to squirm under his expert hands. Moans would intensify as he reached the top of her mons. He would plant a light kiss on her clitoris then move to the inside of either thigh. His hands would move to the spots he kissed on her legs. His strong tongue would trace around her labia, before he would sample her juices. His tongue would delve into her depths, his nose would press into her clitoris. She would moan and scream unafraid by the public act as he expertly teased her toward her orgasm. Just before she exploded in a super nova of pleasure, he would stop.
Seconds later she would feel him tracing the head of his cock across her. He pushed into her slowly at first as he tested how he fit and how wet she was. She would let out a gasp of pleasure as she felt filled for the first time in awhile. One of his hands would start stimulating her clit again. He would start to move his warm, smooth, hard shaft in and out of her sopping, wet sex. Her orgasm would once again approach. This time he would push her to new heights. When the moment came she could feel him thrust his entire length deep into her. The walls of her vagina would clench strongly on his length convulsing in delight. She would arch her back curl her toes and scream into the night. Molten warmth and electric pleasure spilled out from her vagina out into her body. Her hands would find and grip the cheeks of his ass. This time she would not feel the spurts of his own release inside. He would allow the orgasm to completely wash over her, before he started to saw his member in and out of her, knowing he could push her to new heights if he could keep her orgasm from triggering his own.
He would wrap his hands around her waist lean down and kiss her. He would whisper in her ear, "I haven't paid you back, yet". He would move his arms up to under her arms. She could feel his girth hitting spots within her that her last boyfriend missed. The feeling of his smooth chest on her own sensitive tits would feel incredible. She could almost feel her legs wrapping around him, hips moving with each thrust, trying to get him to cum first. He would start to pick up his pace. Waves of heat would start to propagate from her sex. She would let one hand drift to her clitoris and provide the necessary attentions. The back of that hand reveling in the smoothness twinned in his pubic area. Both would blend a symphony of coital delight into the night air. She would listen closely for a sound close to his first orgasmic outburst. A couple strokes prior to ecstasy, she pulled her hips back and let his phallus slip from her grip. She leaned up to his ear, "Sorry, you're still going to owe me".
She prodded him over on to his back. She leapt on top of his swollen cock burying it all the way to the hilt it in her warm slickness. She leaned down and kissed him deeply using her legs and hips to traverse nearly his entire length, careful not to allow the tip to uncouple. One hand shot up to his chest the other squeezed his testicles. He may have willed himself past one orgasmic round of convulsions from her vagina but there was no way he would survive another. Her hand moved from his balls to her clit, moving wildly to cross the finish line first. She leaned down for a kiss. When she came, she could feel a burst of heat resonate off her through her chest into him and back into her breasts. She let it come back into her before her back straightened and she pushed herself off of his chest. She could feel her fingernails sinking into his pecs. Her thighs gripped him and she brought her clit down hard on his smooth pelvis. Her head pointed towards the heavens and she screamed louder in delight than she had ever.
She could feel his penis deep in her vagina. Convulsions from her vaginal walls rhythmically pulsed up and down his shaft. She would clinch down on her pelvic muscles to push him over his final edge. The grunts that escaped his lips let her know that he was hers. She willed her eyes open from the sunrise colors spilling over her eyelids. And starred into his mask of ultimate release. "Ohhhh... FFFFuckkkk" he cried into the summer night. She could feel his cock going into its own convulsions. She felt one, two, three, four, five, six, seven strong streams of cum inject deep within her, the heat and twitching of his cock sending her over another edge. This time she tried to keep the screams to herself not wanting to let him know he had the advantage. Her new pussy contractions probably gave her away. The both seemed to stop all motions letting the heat of pleasure radiate through them.
When their breathing returned to normal she leaned down to his ear and whispered, "Think we're square, for now."
He whispered back, "Not yet, maybe not ever". They decoupled for now, he opened the pool for each to cool down and wash the fluids from themselves. She walked up the deck stairs, feeling their mingled fluids dripping out of her vagina, and inside to find them both some water. In her fantasy she had the confidence to walk fully naked in and out of the house. Beyond just feeling confident the feeling of the night wind caressing her was thrilling. After they each greedily sucked down the entire bottle of water a piece, he motioned for her to join him in the pool. The water was nearly as warm as the hot tub in her real life.
Soon enough playful splashing would lead to kissing and skinny dipping would degrade into fucking in the pool, each trying to make the other orgasm first. Ultimately they would crawl out of the pool, each satisfied as the morning light started to color the sky. They would wrap up in a towel, she would grab her discarded dress finally covering up. The light weight material and lack of bra meant he needed no imagination to see her nipples beneath. He would grab a pair of thin shorts the material doing little to conceal his spent cock and balls. They would doze off, in one another's arms, on the lounger as the sky turned the colors that washed over her eyes mid orgasm.
A couple hours later they would stir to conscious. Maybe he would call her, or maybe they would share just one more kiss as they both wandered back into their separate lives.
So vivid was the fantasy that she had to debate whether or not she should attempt it. She even rose from her seat and collected her sundress in anticipation, before the doubts started to play in her mind. She knew nothing about him other than she found him to be unbelievably physically attractive. If she put herself on the line maybe he would react in fear and run off. Maybe he was in a relationship, getting a weekend to himself and giving his own cock a little attention. Hell maybe he was gay, or worst of all he was single, available and had no interest in her.
She chose to spend her night watching instead of investigating what could be. He had arrived at the pool controls from his transit across the yard. The pool was now brightly open and he was just standing by the controls going to town on himself, completely unafraid of being seen. She sat the sundress down in a ball on her seat. She quietly returned to her perch and resumed her own masturbation. She pushed her toy deep within her trying to simulate his cock in her fantasies. In lacked the warmth of a penis not to mention the contact of the rest of a man.
She watched him walk back around the pool, another great view of his ass. Though as he walked this time, he did not lean down to avoid headlights. He stood confidently tall in the night sky. He was in even greater view highlighted by the spilling pool light. She saw him grab a towel out of a box under the deck turning side on to her. She didn't think it was possible for his penis to get anymore excited without spilling its seed all over the concrete. She was extremely, strangely, interested in how much seed he would spill. She knew the amount had to do with how long since the last time and how much stimulation they had used to get to ejaculation. Her last boyfriend had been a dribbler, no matter how excited he was he would always just dribble out at the end, however the amount dribbled would change. Tonight she hoped he was a shooter. Arcs of pleasure would be easier to see in the night air. She watched him place the towel over the lounger from her fantasies and stare at his watch.
Instead of diving in the pool, that seemed to be his aim he sat himself on the lounger, the light of the pool giving her a perfect view of his body. She watched him look around and try to see if he could be seen from the sidewalk to the west of the fence. Apparently satisfied that the arms of the lounger masking his activities, he started to take long slow stokes up and down his cock. Unlike before, he employed his right hand. She watched him lean back and close his eyes. She wondered if he was lost in a fantasy like she had been. The scene was almost too close to her first fantasy. Her mind could almost superimpose her image riding his cock on the lounger.
She took the opportunity, and great view to ride her dildo again. Her increased level of fantasy somewhat silencing fear of a slip and hurting her self. She shuttered to think about having to explain what had happened to her vagina in an emergency room. Right now she didn't care she wanted to approach the fantasy, make the ephemeral orgasms more concrete. She was so turned on by the entire night that she threw caution to the wind and twisted the vibrator back on. He didn't notice at all. With both of her hands occupied she could not provider herself with the clitoral stimulation that she needed to reach her next orgasm. She pushed herself up and down the full length of her toy. Pleasure cascading from her. She dared not keep pace with the real man, instead she relived herself bringing them to the brink in her fantasy.
She managed to keep a close eye on him, his fist's fast transit up and down his dick. He had to be so slickly coated in his own precum to reach such speeds without setting his cock ablaze with irritation. Several times he slowed his motions, a couple of times even releasing his dick a look of pure determination willing himself not to cum yet. She rode herself up and down her vibrating cock simulator. The sound of her motion on the juices lubricating the shaft louder than vibrator. It was taking everything she had left to keep from screaming into the night and interrupting the scene. It was amazing, she thought, that he had no idea that he was bringing two people to the brink of pleasure.
She had never just masturbated with a guy. She had tried a couple of times, but she and her partner would always be overcome with lust. The only time she had ever masturbated with anyone else was with her roommates once when they all got drunk. It was between the breakup with her last boyfriend and meeting her current ex. She was horny and talk turned sexual. Her roommates asked her what it was like being with a man, their only experience being with other women. Probably didn't hurt that they were all already naked. She didn't remember which roommate touched themselves first, but once they did the floodgates opened.
They started taking turns showing each other their favorite solo techniques. After a couple of rounds of description, she grabbed her vibrator. They watched entranced as she brought herself to orgasm. It was all very exciting. It was also the only time she had watched the pair of have sex. She had to admit it was hot, but she had no desire to participate herself. She did, however, cum a couple of times while they brought themselves to their own series of orgasms.Hmm... Exhibitionism and watching... I may see a pattern,she contemplated silently.
She snapped back out of the vivid memory and looked back to the lounger. Soon enough he released his member and sat up, he seemed to be removing his shoes. She sat back down on her chair and removed her vibrator, she turning the base back to the off position. And held it in front of her face admiring the sheen of her excitement on the dildo. Suddenly his vision shot over directly toward her. She swiftly lowered the dildo and held her breath. She locked eyes with him, could he see her? Would he stop if he did? He appeared to shake his head and go back to taking off his shoes and socks.
She watched the man stand, his cock pointing out well above the horizon, but perfectly straight, no sign of a curve on the shaft. He turned directly toward her and walked directly her direction. She had never seen a man walk with such confidence, naked or otherwise. She longed to have that much confidence in herself not caring who saw her naked body. His penis swayed back and forth with each step, the head almost hypnotic in its motions. She toyed herself on the beat of his oscillating dick. He made no motion to obscure his groin from view in any direction. He turned toward the diving board when he got to the end of the pool.
He stood proudly on the diving board, giving her the best view yet of his muscular backside. He took off and cannon-balled into the pool. The light beneath the water sharpening his outline in her eyes. She watched him tread water and stroke his dick. The shadow beyond his form leaving nothing for her to have to imagine. She kept pace and her other hand returned to her clit. She could see him take notice of how exposed his shadow was making him. He slipped beneath the surface and swam his way to the end of the pool, stairs.
When he emerged from the surface and sat on the stairs he was perfectly spot lighted she could see his every detail as he sat legs splayed on the stairs. The water was obviously warm as his cock was still at full attention. A small brown birthmark just above and to the right and to the right of his dick was the only thing that broke up the smoothness of his pubic area. She stared on wondering if now would be his time to release, the warm water had to feel amazing on bare skin. She started to anticipate his loss of control as he would release his pleasure into the water. Was he a dribbler or a sprayer? Would she even be able to tell if he came underwater? It mattered little to her, she just wanted to see his mask of pleasure.
He started to stroke himself again. She responded in kind, matching his motions deep into her still not fully satisfied sex. She was a little disappointed when he relented. She was trying to figure out what he was doing as he swam around the pool, occasionally stopping to stroke his penis. She however did not slow herself on either her clit or toy, urging herself to to far greater heights than she had ever achieved on her own. When he stopped by the side nearest the road and turned himself toward the side of the pool, she figured it out. He was a worried that someone could see him cum, the pool light was bothering him.
Someone was watching him for certain, but trouble would not be the thing she would bring upon him.Well maybe a little, but he would enjoy every second of itShe smiled to herself. She watched as he sprang out of the pool, water sheeting off his smooth skin. It gave him even better definition to his toned muscles. She intensified her toying imagining herself lying on the lounger nude, one leg bent, the other had a foot on the ground. He would have a perfect view, her tits perky and excited, vagina open for view. She could see him walking toward her, rock hard and ready to go.
This time she did not allow her imagination to run wild, but return her view to the scene before her. He was standing by the lounger and toweling off. She couldn't help but notice him give his cock a little extra attention. Shrinkage was not a problem for this man.What is he up to?Was he going to go inside and deprive her of his finish? He bent down and pulled on his shoes, before standing still for several heartbeats. A smile crept across his face before he turned around and walked up the stairs. This time he did not hurry and took no precautions for his view. He stepped inside right before a set of headlights drove by. She waited to see if he closed the door behind him. When he did not, she breathed a sigh of relief.
She would take the opportunity to move back to the hot tub. If she hung out by the front edge of the tub she would still have a remarkable view of his backyard, besides there were a few jets on that wall. She stood right hand keeping her dildo deeply buried in her cleft. She pushed herself against the screen in front of her. If he had come back outside at that moment the shadows would hide nothing from him. She made a game of attempting to keep the vibrator in as she got in the tub. She had some difficulty as she stepped over the lip of the tub, strong vaginal muscles tightening as she stepped, threatening to push the pink rod out of her. She laughed quietly at the absurdity of the entire night.
The warm water felt good on her skin again. Instead of taking a seat where she had reached her first orgasm of the evening she found a jet as close to the middle of the southern side of the tub. She positioned her thighs on either side of the jet. She could just feel a buzzing of turbulence across her labia, but it was not directly pressing into her pussy. The light in the pool nextdoor flipped off. His intentions became clear to her. She reached behind her and grabbed her half finished wine. It was warm from its time beside the tub, but she wanted just a little liquid courage.
She seriously considered walking out the door to the deck and standing on the stairs completely nude, waiting for him to return and letting him know that a naked woman was enjoying his activities. If it was her own home she thought she probably would, but if any neighbors saw and talked to her aunt... She shot down this lewd plan as well. The man reemerged from his home. He had evidently kept up his jerking as he turned off the light, his cock looked like it was just about to explode. She also noticed a sheen over his crotch that was not there before. She tested the lubrication of her toy in the water with a couple of thrusts. It slid easily in and out. She lowered herself to the geyser coming out of the wall. The turbulent, rushing water caused her to suck in a breath sharply.
She half closed her eyes and watched for a reaction out of the stranger. She didn't think he could think of anything other than his raging, bobbing, twitching erection. He gave it a couple of strokes as he slipped back off his shoes. She felt her arousal hitting a new peak, unsure of if it was the view or the twin action of her dildo and jet. He stepped slowly back into the pool dunking himself in up to his shoulders and treading water. She didn't have as good of a view as when the lights were on, but her eyes had fully adjusted to the night, and streetlamps provided great edge lighting.
He stood, cock above the water line, left hand pumping up and down his shaft. He walked back to the stairs and took a seat. At first she thought that maybe he was just going to relax and not get off as he leaned back on the step both arms over the side. He looked to the sky looking content. She was going to get off one more time with or without him. She slid the pink phallus in and out of her sex faster and faster.
She saw his right hand descend to his penis. He took long slow strokes on his cock. Left hand went to the top of his head she saw him lean back. He was looking straight down his body to his own dick. She responded with long strokes of her own. She pushed her pussy closer to the jets origin, exponentially increasing the stimulation. His hand picked up speed as she did, not a question that the moment was finally coming.
She could she him start thrashing and his hips bucking. "Cum with me. Cum with me." She loudly whispered into the night. Her pussy strongly contracted around her toy, heat flowed out of her vagina to the rest of her body, legs struggled to keep her knelt. She had to move her clit away from the jet, so sensitive as she came that it now hurt at this distance. If she closed her eyes know she would see the most vivid of sunrises pulsing across her vision. It was taking everything in her power to keep her eyes open and body where she could see him. She attempted to hold her breath as her strongest orgasm of the night. She was unable to to control the moan that snuck out of her lips, no doubt that if he wasn't close to orgasm he would have heard it. She was fulfilling her part, it was now his turn.
Well before her pussy stopped convulsing, she saw it happen, still riding out her orgasm with a few more strokes of her dildo. His hand stopped moving at blinding speed and seemed to come to a stop mid shaft. She wished he had left the light on for the final festivities. He squirmed in his seat, his eyes tightly shut. By the looks of his face he must have been gasping into the night sky. After water had to be a couple of seconds, he finally released his load into the water she could see a hazy cloud forming in front of him. His hips almost bucked his cock above the waterline. For a half second she wished he had as she was intensely curious to see how excited he must have been. She could see him spasm over and over again as his emissions added to the cloudy water. He seemed to be cumming for an eternity. His face contorting in pleasure, she could make out his gasps of pleasure over the din of the hot tub. The cloud got larger and larger as he continued to shoot. She wanted to be the one to bring him to the that point, and she wanted him to spend the time on her that he spent on himself.We could have had a lot more fun tonight.
She thought he was probably done as cloud stopped growing and the mixture of orgasmic pleasure and pain started to fade from his face. Instead he stood quickly out of the water, his cock dripping wet and still rock hard. His right hand started to work up and down his shaft again. He stood legs wide, balls swaying above the water's surface with each stroke. She was half fascinated and half turned on. Her boyfriends had always been the one and done type, maybe she could get a second round an hour later. This, however, was almost instantly after she had seen him shudder through an enormous orgasm.
She tentatively brushed against her clit to see if it was still oversensitive. Sure she could go from vaginal orgasm to vaginal orgasm, but her clit seemed to have a refractory period. Normally. She was excited well beyond any normal level tonight, and after his display, she wanted one more to be satisfied.Consider yourself challengedShe expertly flipped her vibrator back on under the water. Plunging it in and out of her insatiable vagina. She knew she was going to tender tomorrow, but right now she didn't care. His hand was picking up speed like just before he came last time. She again pressed her clit into the streaming jet, trying to keep up.
This time he came first, she saw the first jet barely escape his penis. His hand stopped again, she could see his forearm flex as he tightened and loosened his grip mid cock. The second shot erupted from him at lighting speed, it looked like it was coming right for her, before splashing down several feet from its exit point. She could hear him grunt out in pleasure. Between the show, his mask of pleasure and the grunt it was enough to send her over one more edge for the night. This time she allowed her self to convulse a fall into the water, eyes saw the sunrise colors once more, her left arm caught herself on the hot tub bench before her hair went under. Pleasure and heat resonating throughout her now spent body. Her right hand released her toy and it breached the surface, still vibrating and sending splashes and drops around the pool. When her senses returned she grabbed the sputtering toy and quickly turned it off, hoping he had not heard it.
Right now half of her wanted stand at the top of the stairs and announce she had been watching and enjoyed the whole show. That she wanted to see another, but she knew nothing of his story and this wasn't her house. Instead she took one more look at him as he swam around then walked out of the pool, still absolutely nude, and apparently completely confident. She watched him dry off and put on his shoes, keeping an eye on how his cock was slowly returning to its compact form. Right now it looked full sized, but dangled lazily, tired after its night's work. It fascinated her how guy's genitals all worked, how outward their excitement was while other emotions where so hard to tell.
When he walked up the stairs and disappeared into his house once more, she took her leave of being a voyeur for the night. She splashed her self all around washing off any residue from the evening. Then she got out of the tub and hung her dress up in the corner. She quickly toweled off just enough not to make a mess of the deck and her aunts floors. She splashed any of her drying fluids from the chair she had spent most the night. She downed the last big sip of her wine and walked it, her vibrator and her unused lube in to the house to put them away.
Soon her mind started to drift no longer consumed by lust. She thought about what had turned her on so much about tonight. That man was so confident in his nudity. She loved to be nude, but thought she didn't want to show off, maybe she just didn't have the courage for others to see her. It was taboo to be a nudist, but maybe she could find a partner that also enjoyed it. It would be a hell of a lot better than the last relationship. She made a mental note to look for she could recreate in the nude, before the summer weather turned to fall. Tonight was a great stress relief, maybe she would run into him before her stay was over. She could introduce herself at least.
Toy, accessory, and glass away she went back to the tub to collect her e-reader. She looked back over into the yard as she quietly shut the tinted window. The pool light was on and the pool cover was half way across the pool. He was still naked, standing tall, ass toward her by the pool controls. He leaned down and did something on the backside of the controls. When he stood, he didn't just walk inside and call it a night. Instead he took a lazy lap around his backyard. She wished she could be over there with him, walking hand in hand. They would enjoy the night air in their post coital afterglow. Absolutely confident in their twinned nudity.
It was a nice thought, probably just her own post masturbation bliss for the evening. She turned and looked out one last time. Watching his nude body enjoy the night sky, she liked it all, even with the now rather compact looking cock. Then again she knew what it would look like with a little stimulation. She closed the door behind her smile still on her face. She walked down the hall and flopped into bed, exhausted and hoping that Alison and Sara wouldn't be by to early for their mimosas.