I woke up to the feeling of a cock entering my vagina. My initial thought was that it was Aryn's but something was different, I wasn't getting stretched as much. I looked over my shoulder and saw that it was Chuck who was fucking me. I relaxed and enjoyed it.
The woman who was laying in front of me turned over and I saw that it was Mary.
"Morning little girl, how are you?"
"Fine, umph,, thank, umph, you, umph."
"Good little girl, for someone so young and small you did very well last night, I hope that you enjoyed it."
"I, umph, did, umph, thank, umphm, you, umph."
Mary's hands went to my tits and clit and within seconds I was cumming for them. My jerking and shaking triggering Chuck's orgasm and I felt his cum shooting inside me.
"Don't worry Emily, we both got tested last week and we're clear; besides that box of 50 condoms was empty by the time you came up here last night." Mary told me.
"I got fucked by 50 guys last night, where did they all come from?"
"No," Chuck replied, "There was only 12 guys there but some of us wanted more than one go at you, you just couldn't get enough."
"And the rest of us girls weren't going to let you have all the fun." Mary added.
"Oh my gawd," I replied, "I think that I drank way too much wine."
"I think," Mary said and she tweaked one of my nipples, "that you would have done what you did even if you were stone cold sober."
"I thought for a second then smiles and replied,
"Yes I would, it was amazing."
Chuck got off the bed and walked to the bathroom.
"Aren't you a bit sore Emily?"
"No, well I don't think so, wait until I stand up. I think that Aryn's big cock has stretched me so much that I can take any amount of cock. I've got to do more kegels to tighten me up."
"Chuck told me that you were a tight fuck, just like a little girl, not that he'd know what that was like."
"Thank you Mary."
"That's okay hun, hey, you are staying for a few days so we can show you to the whole island."
"We're on an island?" I didn't know, the boat just kept going from bay to bay and Aryn didn't tell me, not that it really mattered."
"Well this island isn't as prudish as the mainland or some of the bigger islands, we can take you where ever we want with you like that."
"Can I have a shower and clean my teeth first?"
Mary pulled me to her and grabbed my butt.
"Stop that or I'll cum again." I said.
"Maybe I want you to. Come on Emily, I'll make you cum in the shower then we can have some coffee."
Mary did, and we had some coffee, passing a few prone bodies on the lounge floor sleeping the wine off and recovering from fucking me.
It was sort of nice looking at the guys, not knowing their names but knowing that they'd fucked me.
The naked Mary and the naked me went outside and sat on a couple of loungers by the pool. I automatically spread my legs so that my feet were hanging over the sides and I was pleased to see that Mary did the same.
"Got to keep my little girl tanned." Mary said.
Everyone knew my excuse.
Over the next hour the remaining guests came over to us and thanked Mary for her hospitality, all of them grinning as they looked at me and my spread pussy, even the girls. I guessed that they'd seen Mary's hundreds of times before. One of the girls was still topless and wearing only the skimpiest of see-through G-strings, saying that she couldn't find her dress.
"It will turn up Daria," Mary said, "I'll bring it round the next time that we are over your way. It shouldn't be long, we're going to take this one on a tour of the island."
"Good, my brothers will like that, especially as you said that you didn't bring any clothes with you Emily."
I smiled and said, "I'll look forward to it."
Aryn and Wren finally emerged and I was pleased to see that Wren was still totally naked.
"Anyone else left in there?" Mary asked.
"Only Chuck, and he's cleaning up. I'm sure that he'll want his reward later."
"There's 3 of us to choose from." Mary replied.
"More coffee anyone, or shall we go into the village to get some and some breakfast. It's okay girls, we can go like this."
I saw Aryn smile before he accepted Mary's offer.
Chuck got Mary's jeep out of the garage and we all piled in, Chuck driving with Aryn beside him and the 3 naked girls in the back. It didn't take long to get there but the feeling of the warm wind on my skin was wonderful, it reminded me of my naked ride on the back of a Harley in Epping Forest although the jeep didn't throb between my legs.
Chuck parked the jeep right outside a cafe / bar and everyone climbed out.
"Is it okay us being here like this?" Wren asked.
"Sure," Mary replied, "I often come her like this, no one cares."
We sat outside and eventually a waiter came out and greeted Chuck and Mary. I saw him give Mary the quick once over but it was obvious that Mary was right, no one did care about our lack of clothes."
And it was nice sat outside the cafe / bar drinking and eating and watching the occasional local go by. I told everyone that the wind in the jeep reminded me of Epping Forest and my ride on the back of a Harley. They insisted that I tell them about my naked hikes with Jack.
From there we walked up the road to a small shop where Mary bought a few essentials. The man in there looking at the 2 naked strangers but saying nothing.
As we walked round the village then back to the jeep I thought how wonderful it would be to live there, but I would miss not having people lust after my body. I was lucky to be a girl, and even luckier to be the girl that I was, having had my holiday in Ibiza to make me realise what I really was.
Back at the jeep Chuck decided to take the long way back and I stood up in the back letting the warm wind blast my body. The jeep had a roll-bar that I could hold on to and as we drove both Wren and Mary were caressing my legs, right up to the insides of my pussy and my clit. What a wonderful feeling it is having an orgasm whilst being pummelled by the wind at the speed that we were travelling rather than the slow speed of the yacht.
That evening Chuck and Mary took us to a restaurant in a different village, again no one cared that there were 3 naked girls. It was a girl in her late teens that served us and after a while the owner came out to see us. I quickly realised that it was one of the men who had fucked me, and maybe Mary and Wren.
Chuck and Mary got up to greet him and as he kissed Mary's face cheeks his hands were squeezing her other cheeks. He shook hands with Aryn then looked to Wren. She got to her feet and as he hugged her she too got her butt squeezed.
Then it was my turn. I got to my feet and he bent over to hug me. As he did so he lifted me up in the air and I indistinctively wrapped my legs around him like little girls do, and his hands went under my butt and a finger entered my vagina.
"Hello little one." he said, "how are you today?"
He didn't wait for an answer as he turned his head and talked to Chuck and Mary in Greek, all whilst holding me and fingering me, his finger moving around inside me. He turned to talk to Aryn in English and I looked over his shoulder. The girl waitress was looking at me and I just knew that she'd seen what he was doing to me.
Then he surprised me again as he called the girl over and introduced her as his daughter. He'd been, and still was fingering me whilst he introduced his daughter.
Finally he removed his finger and let me slide to the floor. As I sat down he put his arm round his daughter's neck and into the top of her off the shoulder peasant's top. As he grabbed her right tit her top slipped off both tits leaving her topless. She just stood there and let it happen as he spoke to Mary and Chuck in Greek whilst moving her tit up and down like he was weighing it.
I was slightly shocked that a father would do that to his 18 or 19 year old daughter, and in public. I found myself saying,
"She has nice breasts."
The man turned, stepped directly behind his daughter, put his other hand around her and pushed her top right down. I'd thought that it was a top but it was a dress and the whole thing slid to the floor showing us that she wore no underwear.
Holding both her tits now, and in English he said,
"Her tits are too big and she will not shave that ugly bush, no man will ever marry her."
I was mortified for the poor girl but she didn't look unhappy, instead she was leaning back on her father and smiling.
"Does she speak English?" I asked.
"Only a few words." Mary replied.
"Good, at least she didn't understand how he just insulted her." I said. Then the man said, in English,
"At least she's a good fuck."
Then he stepped back and slapped the girl's butt prompting her to pull her dress up.. I was still a bit shocked that the man treated his daughter like that, but at the same time I made a mental note to buy a dress and a top like she was wearing so that Jack could do the same to me in a pub or some other public place.
The man and the girl left us to get on with our meal and I asked Mary if all Greek men were like that.
"Grief no, he was only doing that for show, he loves his daughter and would kill anyone who hurt her, but he does hate the fact that she doesn't shave her bush. He often strip her for the customers to look at her, it's good for custom."
I breathed a sigh of relief but still wanted to get a dress and top like hers.
We got back to talking and eating, the notable subject being Chuck asking Aryn if we were going to visit Clint while we were in Greece, adding that he was on a different island only about 15 miles away.
"Who's Clint?" Mary asked.
"Clint, a.k.a. Master Sergeant Donald Eastwood. Aryn said, "He was our boss for a few month, kinky bastard he was."
"Why was he called Clint?" Mary asked.
"He used to keep saying 'Go Ahead - Make My Day'. Clint Eastwood, Sudden Impact. When we were out on a mission and one of the enemy got cornered Clint would say, 'Go Ahead - Make My Day', inviting the enemy to raise his gun to shoot Clint. Only once was the man stupid enough to raise his gun.
That movie was way before your time Emily but you've seen the movie Wren."
"Have I? I don't remember it."
"It wasn't a 'chick flick' so I wouldn't expect you to honey. Is he still a kinky bastard Chuck?"
"He was the last time that we went to see him, he wanted Mary to star in a porno that he was making."
"Is that what he's into now?"
"That and the import / export business. I'll give you his number."
Hearing that my ears perked up but nothing of interest was added.
We finished our meal and when Chuck asked for the bill. It came with a different girl with the man right behind her. She looked very much like the first girl, same age, but she had a different coloured dress on and she walked differently. She put the bill on the table then stood back in front of the man who put his arms round her and pulled her dress down, She too wasn't wearing underwear but her pubes were bald. The man started talking in Greek as he put his hands round her and fondled her breasts. They were much smaller than the first girl's, more like the size of mine. The conversation went on for about a minute then the girl pulled up her dress up and the pair left.
"What was that all about? Wren asked.
"He was offering his other daughter to us, saying that because she has small tits and a bald pussy like Emily we might prefer her to the other daughter."
"Wow," I said, "are all Greek restaurants like this, Jack would love to come here."
"No," Chuck replied, "he's just trying to pay us back for last night."
"Well that wasn't necessary," Wren replied, "last night was mainly to pleasure Emily not the guys. The men, and the other girls, getting their rocks off was just a pleasant benefit for them."
"Careful Wren." Aryn said, "You don't want your butt spanking do you?"
"Oh, you're into spanking as well are you?" Mary asked.
"We've had our moments." Aryn replied.
"Did you like it Wren? Did he make you cum?"
"Yes he did, and I admit we had a very pleasant night afterwards."
"What about you Emily, have you been spanked?"
"Yes I have, quite a few times."
"And did Jack make you cum?"
"Both him and Oliver, my other apartment mate."
"You have 2 apartment mates Emily? No wonder you like having more than one man at a time."
"No, no, Oliver left soon after I got back from Ibiza. He was a bit of a pig anyway, always fucking my butt without any lube, not even my natural lube."
"That must have been painful."
"It was and I was glad when he left, and as a bonus I got more of Jack 's cock, a lot more."
"So," Chuck said, "what naughty things have you girls been doing today?"
"Nothing." Both Wren and Mary replied.
Aryn then said,
"We don't need an excuse to spank Emily, she's agreed to let us do whatever we want with her."
"Is that right Emily?" Chuck asked.
"Yes sir." I replied.
"Well Emily," Aryn said, "it looks like your butt is going to get a bit red when we get back to the villa."
"Yes sir."
I was and wasn't looking forward to it. Yes I wanted the pain and the pleasure but I was worried because both Chuck and Aryn are both big men and it would be easy for them to inflict some real permanent damage on me.
"We could always spank her here," Chuck suggested, "I'm sure that no one would mind, and it would give Emily a bit of an audience."
By that time there was only 2 other customers there, a young man and a woman so I wouldn't have a big audience, Then there was the owner and his daughters. There would be more girls than boys watching.
Chuck called for the owner and they spoke in Greek. Then the daughters quickly cleared everything off the table then the daughter with bigger tits disappeared. Before Aryn could tell me where he wanted me the daughter was back with 4 men. Chuck told us that she'd run to the bar and told everyone that a girl was going to get spanked in the restaurant. I smiled.
"Over the table where everyone can see your butt." Aryn told me.
I picked the side of the table were most people would be able to see my butt and leant over it and spreading my legs as much as I could. As I lay there I swear that someone turned more lights on because the whole place was suddenly quite bright. Aryn came over to me and asked,
"How many do you deserve Emily?"
Without even thinking I replied,
"As many as it takes to make me cum Master."
Both Wendy and Wren laughed and I wondered how many spanks it would take to make them cum.
"Very well Emily, brace yourself."
My hands gripped the other side of the table and squeezed my eyes shut expecting the big man to hit me hard but when the swat landed it was no harder that Jack's swats. I breathed a sigh of relief and said,
"One Master, thank you."
"She knows how to play the game properly." Mary said.
"Do you count the swats as well Mary?" Wren asked.
"I do, I don't want Chuck to loose count and give me too many."
"Me too." Wren added..
Then I clenched my teeth to stop me swearing as the second swat landed. Again I was relieved that it hadn't been hard enough to move the table.
"Two Master, thank you."
I survived without crying until the 8th swat then I felt tears well-up in my eyes and by the 10th the tears were rolling down my cheeks and dripping onto the table.
"She's had enough." Wren said.
"She hasn't cum yet." Aryn replied.
"Keep going." I said between sobs.
Aryn did, and the 10th swat didn't hurt but I could feel the jolts of electricity going from my butt to my clit and up to my nipples. By the 14th swat I knew that I was about to cum.
The 15th swat did it and I screamed,
"I'm cuuuummmming."
My hands gripped the other side of the table, my legs lifted off the floor and my body jerked and shook.
When the waves of pleasure passed and my feet went back to the floor I realised that I could hear a swat landing on another butt and a girl crying. I stood up and looked round. The girl with the big tits and a horrid bush was naked and over the lap of her father. She was squealing and struggling as her father was trying to spank her. He was talking in Greek so I couldn't understand but I didn't need to understand that he's told 3 of the men from the bar to come and hold her steady.
One held her arms straight out in front of her whilst the other 2 held an ankle each and pulled he legs straight and wide apart. Just about everyone in the bar saw her hairy pussy the hairs being matted together with her juices.
Everyone watched as her father landed something like 20 more swats on the crying and screaming girl. When he finally stopped he said something in Greek and she went and stood in the middle of the room with her hands on her head.
The man talked some more in Greek and those who understood laughed. I looked to Chuck and Mary and Mary said,
"He's just told her that he will do the same every evening and she will have to stand there like that until the last customer leaves, until she shaves her bush off."
"Wow," I thought, "I like the way the Greeks punish their daughters."
Then my attention was drawn to the other daughter. She was laughing at her sister and saying something that I couldn't understand. Her father was obviously mad because he go off the chair, went over to her and pulled her dress to the floor. She screamed and was struggling as he pulled her over to the chair then onto his lap.
He obviously didn't want to cope with her struggling and he said something to the 3 men and she too was stretched her spread eagle, face down over her father's lap.
Still screaming and trying to struggle, the swats started to land on her little round butt. She stopped screaming and struggling around the 6th swat. By the 10th she moaned after each swat and after the 15th it was very obvious that she was having an orgasm. What's more, her pussy was squirting, and from the looks of the drops that landed not too fare from me it wasn't urine, it was whitish and more viscous.
"A squirter." Chuck said, "Well have to invite her to our next party."
The swats kept landing and everyone saw her have a second orgasm and a second round of squirting.
"Have you ever squirted Emily?" Aryn asked.
"Sorry, no Master." I replied.
"Wren doesn't either."
"I'm sure that Wren makes up for it in many other ways Aryn." I said,
"She sure does Emily, now get over that table, it's Chuck's turn."
"Can Chuck span me in a different position please Master?"
"What did you have in mind Emily?"
"Can I show you please Master?"
Aryn nodded and I got up and lay back on the table. Then I lifted my legs up and back. Grabbing my lower legs with my hands I pushed my legs as wide apart as I could. I felt my pussy open wide and I loved that everyone could see inside my vagina with my juices seeping out.
"That works for me buddy, get out of the way and let me at her."
I wondered how hard Chuck would spank my butt.
I needn't have worried, the first 2 were quite light and after the second I said,
"Two Master, thank you.. Can you do it a bit harder please Master?"
I heard Chuck chuckle then the number 3 landed, and it was harder. I started thinking passed the pain that was starting to come, and to the orgasm that I hoped would come. A few swats later I knew that I'd cum again.
It was another wonderful, shaking, jerking, swearing orgasm and when my body started to relax I held on to my legs and pushed them apart a little further.
A minute or so later Mary broke the silence by saying,
"You like being in that position don't you Emily?"
"Yes Mistress."
"Either of you guys want to take any photos of her like that?" Mary asked.
"Maybe our Greek friends would like to take some?" I asked.
Mary asked them, in Greek, and within a minute every male adult that wasn't in our party was taking photographs of me. I nearly had another orgasm. They were also taking photographs of the 2 Greek young ladies that were still stood in the middle of the room, legs apart and hands on their heads.
The girls were still there when we started to leave. As we moved, the men from the bar gathered around the 2 girls and were talking in Greek. When we got outside I asked what they were saying.
"They were deciding what to do with the girls. One said that they should leave them where they were for a week. Another said that their father should let every customer fuck them. A third said that their father should make them stay naked for the rest of their lives."
"Wow, yes I do like the way the Greeks punish their girls." I replied.
"So you'd like to be the main attraction at a spanking party Emily?"
"Just so long as no permanent damage is inflicted."
"Aryn, how long are you staying with us?" Chuck said as he turned to face Aryn.
"We should really be getting going soon, there's a couple of places that I want to go to before we head back to Athens."
"Well buddy, you make sure that you come back soon, and that you bring this little girl with you, she's just awesome."
"Thanks Chuck." I said., then turning to Aryn, I asked him if he'd sent any of the photographs to Jack."
"Yes, and a short video of you cumming when Chuck spanked you."
"Thanks Aryn, you're the best."
Back in the jeep us 3 girls climbed in the back I I stood up to let the wind batter my naked body. Both Wren and Mary got to work on my pussy making it difficult for me to take-in what my eyes were seeing.
At the villa Mary put some coffee on then came to the lounge and told Chuck to finish the coffee, that she had something to do. Mary disappeared then returned with a big bottle of moisturiser.
"Face down on the coffee table Emily, your butt needs some of this on it."
I did, spreading my legs as I did so.
Mary was the first to rub the moisturiser on my butt and her hands drifted to my pussy where she rubbed my clit and finger fucked me. Not to an orgasm, just to the edge, then she stopped.
Chuck was back with the coffees and they let me stand to drink mine when Wren told me that it was her turn with me next. I quickly gulped my coffee down and was soon back on the table, legs spread wide.
Wren did the same as Mary and she too left me on the edge.
I stayed on the table hoping that either Aryn of Chuck would rub some moisturiser on my not hurting so much now butt. After a few minutes of just the talking I said,
"Guys, will one of you please finish what Mary and Wren started?"
After a long silence Aryn said,
"We were going to leave you like that and wake you every hour on the hour and take you to the edge then stop, but you've been such a good girl that I think we'll let you finish yourself off, on your back, like you were in the restaurant."
I didn't need to be told twice and soon my feet were being held wide apart up by my head by Chuck and Aryn and my fingers were doing the talking. Just as I was about to cum Mary slapped my butt. I lost it for a second before the orgasm hit me like a train..
Just as I was getting my breath back Aryn said,
"You're going to do that again Emily, I want to video your pussy muscles when you cum, it was quite a sight and I want you and Jack to be able to watch the video the next time that you are in bed together."
I didn't have the heart to tell him that Jack had already done that and I knew exactly what my pussy was doing when I cum with nothing inside me.
We did do it again, and my orgasm was just as good as the last one before I dropped my legs and just lay there joining in the conversation when I could.
I spent the night in Chuck's bed with Wren on the other side of me. We both rode Chuck, one of us doing the riding whilst the other held her pussy over his mouth. Wren and I were facing each other and we fondled each others tits whilst we kissed.
******
I again woke to the feeling of Chuck's cock sliding in and out of my vagina and Wren pushing my hair out of my face.
"How's your butt Emily?" Wren asked.
"Fine," I managed to reply in between Chuck's thrusts.
Her fingers found my clit and it wasn't long before Chuck shot his load inside me and I orgasmed.
"Make him hard again." Wren said a few minutes later.
I scooted down the bed a little and my mouth got busy. Objective achieved. I backed off and left then as Wren climbed on top of Chuck.
After a shower I went down to the kitchen and found Wren and Aryn drinking coffee. I joined them and we talked about Aryn's plans for the next few days. He told us that there was another place that he need to be in a few days but the stops at beaches that he had planned could be put off if Wren wanted to stay there for another couple of days. I was pleased when Wren said that she did. Aryn also told us that he was going to phone Clint and hopefully get an invite for a couple of days.
"Okay, that's settled but I'll have to go back to the yacht to get some money, I hadn't planned on being here this long."
After a while we went out to the pool and lay on sun loungers until Chuck and Mary arrived. I, of course, attempted to improve the tan on the insides of my thighs and pussy so my feet were on the ground on each side of the lounger.
Aryn and Chuck talked and soon Aryn was telling Wren to go and get her bag with her clothes in, and we all got into the jeep. Wren was a little nervous going down to the harbour totally naked but Mary kept telling her that it wasn't a problem, even when we had to stop for a minute or so on a busy street with people walking by. I noticed that it was only the tourist looking people that stared at us.
Chuck stopped right next to the yacht and the guys, Mary and myself got out. Wren reluctantly followed us and quickly climbed onto the yacht followed by Aryn carrying Wren's bag.
Aryn and Wren gave Chuck and Mary a quick tour of the yacht then Aryn stopped at the safe and got out what he wanted. Then he ushered us all off the yacht and into the jeep. Wren looked relieved but a minute or so later she shouted for Chuck to stop saying that she'd left her bag on the yacht.
We all spent the next few minutes convincing Wren that she wouldn't need any clothes, that Mary and myself wouldn't be wearing any, me adding,
"Safety in numbers."
Finally Wren acquiesced and then asked where we were going.
"For a better tour of the island." Chuck said. "We'll stop on the way and get something to eat and maybe go for a swim in nice little cove that we know."
Wren seemed happy and told me to stand up. I did, and Chuck slowed down a bit. We were on the only tarmac road on the island and there were a few other vehicles on it. The naked me was waving at the other drivers as Wren and Mary played with my clit and fingered me. They brought me to one and nearly a second orgasm before Chuck pulled off the road alongside a small supermarket.
"What have we stopped here for?" Wren asked.
"To get some beer, wine and snacks, come on." Aryn replied.
"I can't go in a supermarket without any clothes on." Wren replied.
"Honey, this isn't a Walmart, it's a small supermarket, probably no bigger than a 7-11, in a country thousands of miles from home, and you've already proved that the people here don't care about people being naked. This will be no different to the restaurant that we were in last night. No one cares that you're naked, and as Emily says, safety in numbers, and there's 4 of us to protect you."
Wren though for a few seconds then got out of the jeep. She stayed close to Aryn as we walked in.
I have to say that it was a bit of a strange feeling being in a supermarket totally naked, but a nice, strange feeling. Aryn and Chuck did the shopping and Mary and Wren did the did the looking whilst I was doing the pretend looking, right next to a young man who was stacking the shelves. It was a mazing how many things that there were on the bottom shelf that I wanted to look at, and in the end Aryn had to tell me that we were done and leaving.
Another car was pulling up as we were walking out and when I saw that it was 2 men I wanted to go back in but Aryn rushed me to the jeep.
We headed back to the villa with me stood up and Wren and Mary attacking my pussy again. I wished that the journeys were a bit longer but I was sure that I'd get what I craved for later.
Back at the villa we put the beers in the fridge and the other shopping away, collected some sunblock, towels and snacks and piled back into the jeep.
The journey this time was a lot longer and 2 things were different for me. Firstly Mary and Wren made me cum twice and secondly I just had to sit down after my second cum. My legs needed a rest. I soon stood up again when we started to enter a built-up area. Wren asked Mary where we were and she told us that we were at the other end of the island where there was a tourist resort, a couple of big hotels and a nice beach.
Wren's reaction was to ask Chuck to go somewhere else. My reaction was to be happy and ask if we could go for a walkabout or to the nice beach. When Wren heard that she said that we'd get arrested. Mary stopped that one by saying that the crime rate was so low that there was only 1 policeman on the whole island. I couldn't wait for Chuck to stop the jeep.
"So have you been here before Mary?" I asked.
"A few times."
"And were you naked when you were here?"
"Not the first time because we just wanted to check out the place, but after that, yes. I left all my clothes back at the villa."
I was even happier. I could walk around anywhere, totally naked - if Aryn let me.
"Is this a nudist resort?" I asked.
"No," Mary replied, "but it's an adults only resort and unofficially a clothing optional resort."
Chuck parked the jeep and we all got out and started walking, Wren clinging to Aryn and Mary and me leading the way.
We were soon in the main shopping area and looking in shops. Me spending more time looking at men to see if they were looking at me. The main shopping area wasn't very big and we soon got to the end. There we saw what looked like a nightclub.
I saw Chuck and Mary smiling as they read a big poster that was outside. It was in Greek so I hadn't a clue what it said but there was a picture of a girl wearing only a G-string. Chuck and Mary went over to Aryn, said something then Chuck and Aryn went towards the door of the nightclub whilst Mary led Wren and me to a cafe.
When we were sat down I asked Mary what Chuck and Aryn were doing.
"They've gone to see when it's open." adding that she knew that it didn't open every night even in high season. "Why Emily, do you fancy going dancing?"
"If I can go like this."
"I've never been in so I don't know if they let naked girls in."
"I hope so." I replied.
When a waiter came over Mary ordered 3 coffees and some pastries and we waited.
About 15 minutes later Chuck and Aryn re-appeared.
"Can I go dancing there like this?" I asked.
"Not tonight Emily, but you can tomorrow night."
"Aryn, please can we stay and go to the club tomorrow night?"
"Hmm, I don't know, I was planning on moving along the coast tomorrow."
"Please Aryn, I'll do anything for you."
"I know that you will Emily, that's why you are here. Okay then, if Chuck and Mary will let us stay another night."
"Please Mary, Chuck, can we stay and will you take me dancing tomorrow night?"
Mary looked puzzled but Chuck replied,
"Yes my little fuck toy, you can stay and I'll bring you here tomorrow night."
I was a happy little bunny as Chuck and Aryn ordered some drinks and food.
When we were done there Chuck led us round by the hotels and to the main beach. There were quite a few people there and Wren was pleased when we found a place and spread our towels. From where we were I could see only adults, quite a few of the girls topless and some as naked as us 3 girls were.
We settled down to get some serious sun and it was nice. Whenever I lay on my stomach my right hand was under me and playing with my clit. I stopped short of making myself cum, just feel very good.
After a while Aryn and Chuck wanted to go for a swim. Wren didn't want to go, just stay laying with her legs firmly closed, so Mary and I went with the guys.
We had a great time messing about and getting fucked by both the guys and we weren't the only girls floating on our backs and getting fucked by the guy stood between their legs.
The other 3 decided to go back to Wren but Aryn said that I could go for a wander, which I did. I walked to the end of the beach then onto the road and along quite a few street. It was a great feeling people seeing the naked me on the streets, but it would have been better if nudity wasn't accepted there and I was being naughty.
When I got back to the others Aryn asked me why I'd been so long so I told him where I'd been. He just smiled.
More sunbathing with my legs wide open then the others decided that it was time to go. Again I enjoyed walking through the streets back to the jeep but I felt sad for Wren. She obviously still wasn't happy to flaunt her body and I made a mental note to talk to Aryn to see what I could do to help.
Again I enjoyed the wind as we drove along, and the fingers making me cum as I stood there.
Back at the villa Mary started preparing a meal, refusing my offer to help but she did accept Wren's offer, so I went out to the guys by the pool and before long I getting taken as both ends.
It was more of the same plus some pussy eating after the meal and then it was to bed. This time I was with Aryn and Mary.
******
I woke and realised the Mary and Aryn were both still asleep so I turned my back to Aryn and went back to sleep. The next time I woke my pussy was getting stretched and I had a pussy in my face.
Guess what happened next.
That day Chuck decided to take us to the islands main port where all the goods arrived. He told us that it wasn't that exciting but there would be quite a few people from the ships and that they wouldn't be used to seeing many naked girls.
Needless to say I was eager to get there but Wren not so until Mary offered her a wrap, a nice wrap that was so sheer that it hid nothing, but Wren was happy wearing it.
"Very industrial in the sun." is how I described the place when I saw it. Both Aryn and Chuck laughing at me. And yes, there were quite a few sailors around who obviously appreciated the 2 and a half naked girls wandering around. We got quite a few whistles even with Aryn and Chuck not that far from us, Chuck just saying that it was our fault for being so beautiful.
Anyway, Chuck led us to all the places that he thought men would be. It was like he was showing his wife and Aryn's sex toy to the world. Which was good with me. Wren seemed happier as well, even though everyone could see everything through the wrap. It was like it was a phycological barrier.
Chuck even took us to a busy cafe, it wasn't very nice but it was full of men, most of whom Chuck said had probably never see a naked girl on that island. My pussy was dripping.
That took until mid afternoon then Chuck took us back to the villa where we ate and swam and drank. As it started to get dark Chuck told us girls to go and get ready to go dancing, telling Mary to make sure that there wasn't a hair below my neck. I didn't think that there was but I enjoyed Mary's hands and eyes on every square millimetre of me.
Both Mary and Wren helped me with my hair and make-up and I revelled in the pampering, not really understanding why they were not just letting me look after myself.
They also wouldn't let me stand up in the jeep and get pounded by the warm wind.