After discovering my ex-wife with my former boss and experiencing a renewed sexual attraction after learning she had been cheating with him and others over our twenty years of marriage, I began exploring what led to my desire to see her taken and used by other men. I had urged her to take other lovers, but she always rejected my suggestions as fantasy. Oh, she had taken other lovers in my presence on rare occasions and I suspected that she had had the occasional affair, but that did not satisfy my need to watch and knowingly share in the retelling of her indiscretions. As much as I urged her, she always declined. And now, it was too late.
I began to review the events in our married life that led to my need. Whether fantasy or real, might we still be together if I had known she was fulfilling my requests? Was it something I really wanted? Why? What created that need in me?
My thoughts went back to the second year of our marriage. We shared a three-bedroom tract house with her sister Liz and brother-in-law Frank. We rented the third room to a co-worker, Ken. Ellie, Liz, and Frank had their own businesses downtown while Ken and I worked at the college. Our lives were hectic during the week, but we tried to find time to relax on the weekends.
We gathered as a "family" every Saturday to enjoy the sun, work in the yard, barbecue, and spend the evening listening to music, drinking wine, and enjoying some good dope as Saturday Night Live came on. The day generally began with Frank, Ken, and I enjoying a few beers and performing needed house and yard maintenance. Our wives worked in their own businesses, but they came home early on Saturdays to join us in the garden in the late afternoon sun. Summer weather was always warm on the California coast and we generally shed our clothes to the bare minimum, cutoffs for the men and no shirts. Ellie generally favored cutoffs and a light tee shirt. Liz was always more daring.
On the day I was remembering, our wives arrived home together and said they would join us after changing out of their work clothes. Liz came out first. A year younger than my wife, she was more uninhibited and enjoyed flirting, showing her body, and playing around a little. Frank indulged her because he too liked to play around. Liz was a beautiful Scandinavian born blond, thin, small hips, small cute butt, and 36 D breasts that bounced delightfully when she showed them off and she enjoyed showing them off.
Liz wore her usual homemade bikini. The small bottoms were cut to just cover her pubic mound and just enough of her ass to call it a bikini bottom. Four strings tied over the tops of her hip bones kept the bottom from falling off. She must have been shaved bare as no hair ever showed around the edges and the top in front was too low to not show a patch of hair. Her top drove Ken crazy. It was just a small cloth panel that hung over her breasts, two strings tied around her neck pretending to hold it in place. Small weights sewn into the bottom corners tended to keep it held down. It did its job if she stood up and stood still. Were it not for the strings at her waist, she appeared naked from the side with the sides of her breasts fully exposed. When she walked, they bounced. When she bent over, they hung down and were clearly visible to anyone who cared to look. And Ken loved to look and Liz enjoyed the attention.
Ken loved women, but he was crude, vulgar, and generally turned them off. He was "family" though and Liz loved teasing him and Ellie tolerated his comments, knowing that they enjoyed real conversations when he wasn't drunk or generally playing the ass.
My wife, Ellie, was a year older than her sister and more reserved. Not as thin as Ingrid, Ellie had 36 D breasts with small dark nipples that were almost always hard. Where her sister's breasts hung downward and swayed somewhat, Ellie's were round and firm with her nipples pointed upward. Her breasts were her weak point. Tease them and she melted in sexual desire. Pull and twist them and she would moan. Kiss and suck them softly and then harder and she would often cum. But, in public she was always proper and wore bras that tended to conceal any hint of just how sexy she could be. After all, she was my wife and married women should act appropriately she always told me. Casual dress was for "family" only.
Today, however, Liz had convinced Ellie to let her hair down. I nearly dropped my beer when Ellie walked out wearing a red bikini that Liz had made for her. Ellie swore to me that she would never wear it around anyone, not even family. She had tried it on once and put it away. The bottom was small like Liz's. I knew her body well and she must have trimmed or shaved most of her pubic hair as none showed. Four strings tied at the hips held it in place, just like Liz's and left her practically naked. The top was two small triangles that covered her nipples, but left most of her breasts bare and left little to the imagination. The top tied around her neck and her back. The material was thin, thin enough that the size and shape of her nipples were visible as every bump strained against the material.
I thought Ken would have a heart attack and Frank grinned. Frank and Liz shared a knowing, conspiratorial look and I guessed something was afoot. Ellie looked at me and smiled. "It is too hot today for clothes, but I had to wear something," she stated.
I said nothing and for the remainder of the afternoon, we three men enjoyed the sight of the sisters continually finding a reason to parade in front of us. Ken commented on their sexiness more than once, his comments drawing rejoinders or smiles from the women. I was surprised that Ellie came back with her own suggestive sexual responses as well. My wife seemed more at ease with her body and she was certainly bolder in expressing her sexuality than I could remember.
As the evening warmed and we had eaten, we retired to the living room for our usual wine, music, and dope. The women did not cover up for it was still too hot according to them and we men agreed. I sat in the corner of the couch, while Frank sat next to me in an easy chair. Ellie joined me and Ken sat next to her. Liz took the seat on the other side of Ken forcing us to press tightly together. We all could see Ken's erection form with two nearly naked women pressed against him. They both teased him and made him blush. I just sat in awe of Ellie's unusual behavior.
Frank pulled out a bag of weed and proceeded to pack his chillum. The sweet perfume of the marijuana filled the room before it was even lit. Liz went over to light the match as Frank took the chillum between his fingers, cupped his hands into a bowl, and inhaled. Taking a deep drag, he passed the chillum to me and Liz slipped in next to Ken, steadying herself on his thigh. She left her hand there after sitting.
I passed the pipe to Ellie and she could not figure out how to use it, even with my help. "Frank, help her." Liz spat at her husband. Frank moved back in his easy chair and told Ellie to sit in front of him. She sat between his legs and he leaned her back against him. I was now starting to get my own erection watching my wife nestled in Frank's arms, her bare back against his bare chest, her arms resting on his bare thighs.
Frank put his arms around her and moved his head in close against her's. He cupped his hands with the pipe, put them to her mouth, and whispered, "Inhale," into her ear. "Relax and don't exhale." he whispered again as she drew in a breath.
Frank passed the pipe to me and began softly stoking her shoulders, working his way down her chest towards the top of her breasts. I knew this would start to turn her on, yet all I could do was watch in silence. "Hold it, hold it, exhale slowly when you can hold it no more." he continued to whisper.
"Stay with Frank and let him get you high," Liz said softly. "Let him be your guide this evening." I looked at Liz with what must of have been wide eyes. She met my gaze, "Let her have fun, Frank won't hurt her. You can watch and might enjoy it as well." As I took my hit on the pipe, I noticed that Ken was now stroking Liz's thigh as she continued to stroke him while they both watched Frank stroke my wife's body. Liz's top seemed to have not dropped into its proper place and one breast was now exposed.
"Where will this night go?" I thought to myself. "And why do I feel aroused watching my wife laying back in Frank's arms?"
Liz rose and carried the pipe back to Frank. She leaned in close and whispered something in Ellie's ear that I could not hear. As she stepped back, Ellie gave me a blissful smile, turned her body towards me, and looked longingly at Frank as he cupped his hands to take another hit. Ellie stroked Frank's chest and played with his nipples as he inhaled. Her hand ran down his chest and stroked his groin before turning to duck her head between his arms to take her next hit. He did not speak, but he kissed her neck softly as she inhaled deeply.
Again he handed me the pipe without looking and returned to softly massaging her shoulders running down to the tops of her breasts. As I took my hit, I watched her slowly exhale and lean back into his chest. Frank whispered, "Let the feelings wash over you. Relax and feel the euphoria." I watched as he ran his fingers over her breasts. He moved a hand to her side and she leaned forward while he reached in to pull the bow at her back. The bottom of her bikini top swung free and his hands moved to her bare breasts.
I turned to Liz who returned to the coach, sitting between Ken and I this time. She had undone her own bow and allowed her top to drop while I was engaged in watching Ellie and Frank. Ken now openly caressed her breasts while she took her hit. Passing the pipe to Ken, her hand dropped to his crotch and was stroking a growing erection as he watched Frank fondle my wife. While it was tempting to watch my half naked sister-in-law being groped and doing her own groping, I returned my attention to my wife.
Ellie was obviously slipping into the euphoria of being stoned and slipping into a sexual high as Frank pulled and twisted her nipples. She was now moaning loudly and rubbing her hands along Frank's thighs. He kept urging her to enjoy the moment, to lose herself in his touch.
Liz rose with the pipe again and Frank shook his head as if to say no. Liz quietly asked Ellie if she was stoned, to which Ellie could only nod. Liz leaned in close again and whispered something to her sister. Ellie looked at me, smiled, and nodded. Liz stepped back and took Ellie's hand to help her stand before returning to her place on the couch and Ken's attention. Ellie turned to look at me again, smiled once more, and then she turned to Frank. Much to my surprise, she grasped the bows at her hips, pulled, and released her bikini bottom. Now naked, she placed her hands on Frank's shoulders as she leaned in for a long, sensual, open-mouthed kiss. I thought my cock would explode.
Ellie ran her hands down Frank's chest and unsnapped his cutoffs. He raised his hips as she pulled his pants down to release the largest, stiffest cock I had seen. It was not obscene like in porno movies, but at least nine inches and thick. Wrapping her hands around his hard cock, she began to stroke it while moaning loudly. Frank grasped her hands to stop her, directing her backwards while he stood and stepped out of his pants. He took her by the hand and led her to his bedroom.
"Fuck!" Ken blurted out.
Liz turned to me and said, "She will be fine. Frank is a master at sexually pleasing a woman and I know she has never been filled like he will fill her." I had no words to respond except to look down the hall where the bedroom door stood open.
Liz told me to pick up her bikini and take it to the room in case she wanted to dress later. "Don't go in," she instructed. "Stand at the door and watch." As I approached the bedroom, I could see her kneeling before Frank, stroking his large cock, and then she leaned forward and wrapped her lips around its head. She began licking it along its length, dropping lower to gently suck his balls into her mouth before running her tongue up his length. After sucking his cock for what seemed like forever, she swallowed almost his entire length taking him into her throat. Frank's knees seemed to buckle before was able to say, "damn Ellie, slow down. We have all night."
He told her to rub his cock with her cheeks, urging her to worship his cock, to make him feel how much pleasure she wanted it to make her feel. "Show me that you love my cock as much as you will love me after I make you cum in ways Bill has never been able to do." Frank instructed her. Ellie moaned. She took his hard cock in her two hands studying it. She ran her hand softly down its underside along that sensitive vein that carries one's cum. She leaned in and kissed it up and down, slowly and softly. Then she turned her head and ran her cheek up and down that vein. Frank's body jerked and he moaned. "Yes, like that." He was barely able to speak. "Like that."
I remembered when she did that to me years later. It felt wonderful, but I did remember the look of love and lust I was remembering now. Did Frank really spark that kind of lust in her that night?
Frank helped her stand and guided her onto the bed. I could not remember her looking so longingly at me in our two years of marriage, but she made it clear she was ready and wanted him as she spread her legs open and offered herself for his pleasure. The sight of my wife actually ready to fuck her brother-in-law mesmerized me.
I jumped when Liz touch my shoulder. Ken was walking naked into his adjacent bedroom and Liz was similarly naked. "You too?" I asked.
"Watch Frank with Ellie. Loving making for him is a religious experience. Its all that damned Eastern religious stuff he reads." she replied. "They will be in there for a couple of hours or more and she will cum five, six, seven times or more. Sometimes she will appear to pass out, but don't interrupt, she will be quickly ready for more."
"You and Ken?" I asked.
"Yes, he is a pig at times, but sometimes I just want to be fucked and fucked hard. We will leave the door open as well. Enjoy watching."
I watched as Frank lay down beside Ellie and began gently massaging her breasts and nipples.
"I need you in me now." Ellie begged as Frank leaned in to kiss her.
"Shh," he whispered as he placed a finger on her lips. "We have all night. Let the feeling move through your body. Enjoy the sexual energy rising and falling within you. You will cum several times before we are done and you will receive my release deep within you. Don't force it, don't need it, let it happen. Release your mind and allow the sensations of pleasure to wash over you. I promise you will be fucked."
Ellie opened her mouth to accept Frank's tongue as he began to kiss her deeply. His hand continued playing with her breasts and I watched her nipples harden beyond anything I had experienced with her. She reached for Frank's hard cock and began to stroke it and pull him towards her. Frank stilled her hand with his.
"Gently. Use a light touch and keep me hard. You don't want to make me cum before I am inside you. I know what you need."
Frank climbed between Ellie's legs and opened the lips of her vulva with his fingers. He placed his stiff cock between the wet lips and slowly began to rub along the length of her vulva. Not too hard, but hard enough to stimulate her clitoris as he kissed her again. Ellie grabbed his head and pulled him to her lips, her tongue now darting into his open mouth. Accepting that he was not ready to enter her, Ellie began moving with Frank and eagerly engaged his kisses. Frank returned to stroking her nipples and her face. Her increasing tempo of moaning through Frank's lips let me know she was approaching an orgasm. Ellie wrapped her legs around Frank and tried to pull him into her as her body began to shudder. She began whimpering and squealing as her orgasm rocked her.
When she began to calm down and catch her breath, I turned to Ken's door. Liz was on her knees, Ken's cock pumping in and out as he held her head in his hands and fucked her mouth. He was not gentle and Liz seemed to urge him on. He drove his eight-inch cock deeper into her throat while she caressed his balls. I could see that he was getting close and wondered what he would do when he gasped out, "FUCK," and began coming down her throat. She continued sucking his cock until there seemed to be no more semen to be ingested. Ken helped her stand and he pulled her into his own open-mouthed kiss. As they fell back onto his bed, I turned my attention back to my wife.
Frank now lay on his back and Ellie lay across his chest. She was softly kissing his nipples and running her fingers over his chest and belly. He had softened, but Ellie ran her hand down and started to stroke him again. As his cock began to harden, she raised her head and kissed him, softly at first and then with more urgency. They looked more like two lovers than a couple engaged in recreational sex. What ever Frank had done and said, he had helped her past the point of simple sexual need. She was making love and accepting his love making with all its tenderness and urgency. I watch as she gently began caressing his scrotum, softly rolling his balls between her fingers.
"I want them to make sperm for me," Ellie moaned. "I want to feel you pump your cum into me. I want you to fill my uterus with your seed. I want you to fuck me and make me yours."
Frank moaned and rolled her over. "There is so much more I want you to experience, but I think you are ready tonight. We can continue your education over many nights if you wish."
"Yes," Ellie moaned, "again and again. Just take me now. I am ready."
Frank rolled her onto her back and Ellie spread her legs to accept him. She grasped his now hard cock and guided him to her vaginal opening now dripping with her wetness. Frank eased in slowly. "You are so big," she gasped. "Slowly, move slowly." Ellie let out a high pitched squeal and grasped Frank's butt as he sank in to his full length. "Fuck me lover, make me yours." Ellie screamed.
I was feeling faint watching her urge him on, bucking with him. She wrapped her legs around his and seemed to be trying to pull him even deeper. I felt as if I could not stand and made my way to the living. I saw Liz and Ken clasped together fucking; only Ken was driving into Liz with more force.
I took my seat on the couch and tried to still my beating heart. The sounds of fucking, of pleasure, and wanton sex filled the house. I heard my wife cry out that she loved Frank, his cock, and her sister for allowing her to be taken by Frank. She screamed that she was cumming, that she could feel his cum pumping inside her, and then she fell silent.
Liz and Ken walked in, naked from their own climax. Cum ran down Liz's leg and still covered Ken's cock. They both carried towels that they placed on the couch. Then Liz sat close to Ken and me next to her. "Don't worry, Ellie will come out soon. I warned you she might pass out from the pleasure high. When she does, she will lick Frank clean and probably rub his cock all over her face again. You can go watch or Frank will bring her here."
We sat in silence for another 30 minutes. Ken and Liz kissed and played with one another, although it did not seem they were intent on another round of sex, rather they just enjoyed the pleasure of each other's bodies.
Frank finally emerged from the back carrying Ellie in his arms. Liz rose and Frank laid Ellie in her place, head in my lap and her legs draped across Ken's thighs. They were also naked. Frank leaned down and kissed her softly on the lips. "I love you. You are incredible. I look forward to doing this again." said Frank softly. Liz took his hand and I soon heard the shower running. They had not closed the door. We were, after all, family.
Ellie looked into my eyes and whispered, "Frank was incredible. I never knew sex could be so, so explosive and spectacular. I don't know that I have ever had an orgasm as intense and mind blowing. Maybe it was the wine and dope, but I need to do that again and again. Thank you Bill."
Ken started to lightly caress my wife's thighs and started to play with her pussy. She lowered her arm and began to gently stroke his cock. "Mmmm," she moaned with satisfaction. "I wonder how you will make me feel Ken. Liz said I needed to experience sex with you as well."
I reached down to massage her breasts, but she stopped me. "No," she said. " You can watch, but family night is for me. I love you, but you have never made me cum like I did tonight. I will make love with you on other nights because I love you and you are my husband. But now I understand that sex is a sacred act and I must give myself to my lover if I am to experience true pleasure."
I sat in silence as Ellie allowed Ken to slip between her legs and kiss her breasts and then her lips. She made him hard and he wanted to slip inside her. "Not tonight," she said, "let me enjoy my euphoria. Another night." Ellie began stroking him with more urgency as Ken starting cumming on her belly and breasts. Ellie ran her fingers through his sperm and sucked them clean. She did this several times. Then she looked at me and asked me to take her to bed.
"Do you want to wipe yourself off?" I asked. "No, I want to feel like a well used slut." Ellie replied. "I will shower in the morning."
I woke with so much on my mind and heard the shower stop. Ellie finally stepped out of the bathroom naked with her hair wrapped in a towel around her head. I'm not sure why, but I always found the look incredibly sexy. I patted the bed and invited her to come to me.
"You were spectacular last night," I said, "what brought it on. Whatever it was, is it my turn this morning?" Ellie pulled back some. "Not yet."
"I love you," she said, "but you do not fulfill me sexually. I need something more to be satisfied. I need to be dominated, guided, seduced, and naughty. Being your wife is safe and I do not want to lose safe, but I want more. Liz said Frank could be my guide and she was right. Yet she will not share him with me. No, he will take me when he wants, how he wants, where he wants. When I refuse, it is over. And I do not want it to be over."
I was stunned, in shock, uncertain of myself. "Does that mean you no longer want me?"
"No," she laughed. "I want you to be who you are. We will make love when I want, but I will turn to others for my own satisfaction. Sometimes you can watch, sometimes I will want privacy. Sometimes I will tell you, sometimes I will not. That must be acceptable if we are to remain husband and wife." Ellie got up and walked naked out of the bedroom.
I was not sure what to do. I enjoyed watching last night. Liz and Ken were arousing to watch, but Frank and Ellie were mesmerizing. I could not have turned away or intervened if I had wanted to, and I had not wanted to. In fact, I was getting an erection just thinking about them.
I quickly dressed and went out to join my wife.
Ken was cooking breakfast in the kitchen while Frank and Liz sat at the kitchen table. They were all dressed and ready for a warm summer Sunday. Ellie, naked with her hair in her towel, leaned against the kitchen counter talking to Ken. She looked up when I walked in.
"Ken has made hash browns and bacon. Take a seat and I'll get you some coffee and then fry two eggs just the way you like them honey." Ellie smiling at me as she talked to me as if everything were normal including her being naked in the house. She stepped over and wrapped her arms around Ken. "Ken asked me to go to the nude beach at the west end of campus. I'll cook your eggs and then we are off."
"The beach? With the dunes?" I asked. "Of course," Ellie replied, "you need the privacy of the dunes if you want to have fun and sun."
"I'll eat quickly and I will be ready to go." I replied. "No," Ellie giggled, "I don't want an audience today. Well, if what they say is true, we will have an audience. And maybe someone besides Ken will get lucky as well."
Ken started to protest and Ellie shut him down. "Relax, you will get luck too. You get lucky before anyone else and get a show as well if it turns out that way. You can probably get lucky again if you treat me right, and Liz says you know how to treat a girl right." Ellie rubbed her hand over his crotch for good measure.
After cooking my eggs, she took Ken by the hand and headed to our bedroom. "Why don't you help me finish getting ready and see if I might have a bikini more appropriate for a beach stroll than my red one. I am saving that for family events." she said to Ken as they walked out of the kitchen hand-in-hand.
I had a lot to think about today. I didn't try to hide my erection and Liz starting laughing. "I think you are going to enjoy Ellie's new life style, if she decides to share it with you. Maybe you will enjoy it more if she doesn't. Would it turn you on not knowing what she does after work, when we go out for the evening?"
Little did I realize how right she was and how Ellie's use and denial of sexual favors would come to control me.