My husband's buddies have always had wonderful things to say about me. Especially after a couple of cocktails. They are always comparing their girlfriends to me in one way or another. This is all good and fine when it's just me and the boys, but some of them do it with their girlfriends sitting right there. Talk about embarrassing. I remember one particular evening when the subject of oral sex came up.
We were all sitting around the back patio having a few beers. Now, I knew that Jason's lady friend was not into giving oral because they had both told me on separate occasions. So the comments from Jason about never getting head were to be expected. What was shocking was how he said it.
"Why can't you be more like her?" Pointing at me, his voice slurred a bit, due to the fact that he had been drinking more than the rest of us. "This fucker gets a blow job every day!" He said this motioning towards my husband. My husband just smiled at me and held his hands up in a 'what can I say' sort of gesture. I blushed, knowing what this girl, Bobbie, must be feeling.
"Oh shut it Jason, you should be happy that a girl like Bobbie even gives you the time of day." I said giving him a playful punch in the arm. Bobbie was adorable. Petite would describe her best. Everything was small but well proportioned. So, even though her tits and ass were tiny, so was the rest of her. It worked and worked well. She had long reddish hair and sparkling green eyes. Her mouth and nose were tiny too, but it all worked. She was like a porcelain doll. A person could dress her in beautiful clothes and place her on a shelf to look at and enjoy. On this particular day she was enjoying the warm summer air in a tight green tank top and tiny cut off shorts. She smiled at me and lit a cigarette.
"No kidding." She said to Jason with the cigarette pressed between her lips, rolling her eyes. "What's the deal with you though? You're making the rest of us look bad." She smiled at me as she said it but there was a hint of disdain in her voice.
"Hey, I do what I do because I love it. The only reason any of these guys know about is because some people can't keep their mouth shut." I glared at my husband in mock annoyance. The truth was that I loved it when he told his friends about me. There was nothing like the envious looks they gave him whenever I kissed him. My kisses are always slow and sensual, to remind him throughout the day what's waiting for him as soon as were alone.
"Sounds to me like I'm not the only one." He couldn't help it, I suppose I set myself up for it that time. I pinched my husband's arm as I walked by on my way to get another round of beers. He laughed and slapped my ass.
"Whatever." I called over my shoulder as I went into the house.
Luckily, by the time I returned the subject had changed to things slightly less personal. The evening went on as it often did. Beer flowed until there was no more and the least drunken person had to run to the store for another case. Being that it was me I volunteered myself, asking Bobbie to accompany me. She agreed.
The store wasn't too far, but we still had to drive. My sun dress slid up my thigh as I sat down behind the wheel. Bobbie's eyes lingered on my suntanned thigh for a long drawn out moment, then wondered up the rest of my body, taking in my ample cleavage. "You do make us all look bad you know" Her voice was low and soft. She caught me in her sparkling green stare and smiled.
"I'm sure Vic is exaggerating whatever he tells his buddies. You know how guys are." I lowered my voice to get as close as I could to a guys voice. "I've got the biggest dick. No, I've got the biggest dick." She laughed, I smiled. "Besides, Jason should be happy just to have you."
"Yeah." She laughed again. "But, what's the deal? You said you love giving head. Why?"
"I just do. It makes me feel sexy, I guess. I don't know." I shrugged. We pulled into the parking lot. "It helps that Vic has an awesome cock too." Bobbie looked at me quizzically. "Yeah, that makes it a whole lot of fun." I laughed again. We went in, bought more beers and some smokes.
When we got back everyone was waiting for us on the front porch. A get together always seems to go like that, with the group migrating from one place to another. Bobbie and I stayed pretty close to each other for the rest of the evening. We'd sneak off whenever we got the chance, to avoid the group. If they were out front, we were in back. If they were in back we were inside. I was normally surrounded by my husband and his buddies so it was fun to have a girl to talk and giggle with. We joked about our guys and the rest of the group, and talked about just about everything. We were having so much fun we didn't even realize that the party had wound down around us.
As we passed through the living room we found Jason passed out on the couch. "He's not going to give you any trouble tonight." I said laughing as we walked by. On the patio, Vic was sitting quietly on a lounge chair. The last couple of guys were getting ready to leave. "Bye fellas!" I called as the walked through the gate to the front of the house. I heard them say their goodbyes as they trundled to their cars. Vic continued to sit, paying us no mind. He looked up at the sky while he smoked a cigarette.
Suddenly, a naughty, naughty thought crossed my mind. I grinned at Bobbie. Of all the things we had talked about throughout the night she had brought the topic back to me giving head several times. "Do you wanna see why I love it so much." I leaned in and said it quietly so as not to be overheard. Bobbie looked at me, shocked, but smiling.
"Are you serious?" She looked from me to Vic, then back to me.
"Yeah, It'll be fun." She didn't look the least bit taken aback. In fact, she looked down right excited. "So?"
"Yes," Her wicked grin matched my own. "Where should I sit?"
"Over there." I whispered motioning to a chair not far from where Vic sat, angled just so he wouldn't notice her, but she could still get a good show. I held my finger to my lips and winked as she sat quietly in her seat.
"Hey baby." I purred as I slinked around him. "I think the party's over." I kneeled in front of him, placing my hands on his thighs.
"Yeah." He paused and flicked his cigarette butt away. "Come here, you." He reached out and pulled me up into his lap. His strong arms wrapped around me tightly as he whispered in my ear. "You were by far the sexiest bitch here tonight." Nuzzling at my neck he started pulling at the spaghetti thin straps of my sundress. "Let me see those beautiful titties." I quickly obliged, making quick eye contact with Bobbie who sat in the darkness just to my left. Vic took both of my tits in his huge hands and sucked on one nipple then the other, kneading and squeezing all the while. The thought of Bobbie there, watching him worship my body made me quiver deep inside. I closed my eyes and let my head fall back as his velvety soft lips trailed their way up my chest and throat. His hand slipped up my dress along my inner thigh. He toyed with my pussy while I writhed on his lap, still thinking of Bobbie.
"Ohhh, yeah. I like that."
"I know you do." His words were like honey thick and sweet, dripping with desire.
"But that's not what I want." I pushed myself up and slid between his legs on my knees, where I had started. "This is what I want." Running my hands along his thighs I found the huge bulge in his pants that I was looking for. I rubbed it through his jeans, rolling his balls in the palm of my hand. "Yes, this is exactly what I want." I unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. His cock nearly jumped out of his boxers, just as fantastic as I said it was. I heard Bobbie gasp quietly. Vic didn't seem to notice. "I want to suck your cock now." I pulled his boxers down and squeezed the base, pulling my hand up to his thick throbbing tip. A small glistening drop appeared, I darted my tongue out to taste it. "Yum." I could barely see Bobbie, but it seemed to me like she licked her lips.
I kissed his tip, then sucked it into my mouth, running my tongue around the edge of it. Then, holding my lips in a tight 'O' I pulled it in and out making a popping sound every time. I worked both hands around his cock, gently squeezing while I sucked away at his luscious tip. Letting go, I slid his pants and shorts down to his ankles.
When I kneeled in front of him again I buried my face in his balls, licking and pulling at the loose, salty skin. I held one ball in my mouth, then the other, then both, nudging at them with my tongue and running my hand up and down his thick silken shaft.
My eyes looked in Bobbie's direction. She was leaning forward in her seat with her chin in her hands. Her eyes and smile were as wide as they could be. I smiled back as I ran my tongue along the entire length of him. "I love your cock."
"I know you do." His voice was heavy, drunk on sex and too much beer. "Show me how much you love it." He held my face in one hand and rubbed his dick along my lips with the other. I took it into my mouth and sucked long and hard at the tip. "That's it, you know what I want." He said it softly, but I knew Bobbie was close enough to hear him. My pussy pulsed at the idea of her hearing his dirty words, watching me as I enjoyed every inch of his rock hard cock. I pushed it into my mouth as far as it would go. There were still a few inches exposed. "Do it." His voice was stern, demanding. I knew not to keep him waiting. I sucked his cock in again, pushing it past the back of my throat until my nose was pressed against him. "Unghh." It was the sound he always made when I deep throated his cock, but something about someone else hearing it made it all the sweeter.
I looked toward Bobbie. She was rocking slightly in her seat. I could just imagine her clit swollen against those tight shorts. I'd bet she was dripping wet. I knew I was. He plunged his cock into my throat a few more times while I thought of Bobbie's sweet little pussy. I'd never seen it, but I knew it would be small, and tight. I sucked and slurped at his cock head, squeezing and jerking the rest. His hips bucked in time. I swayed my ass back and forth. My pussy juice started to run down my thighs. "Ohhh, come for me baby." I whined as I jerked harder and faster. "I want to taste your cum." I saw Bobbie rolling her hips discreetly.
"Yes, fuckin suck my cock. Take it all baby." His words were as hard and rough as he was. I jammed my head down and felt him pulsing in the back of my throat. His whole cock throbbed as his hot jizz shot down my throat. I sucked at him hard as he pulled out, wanting every drop. "I love you baby." He said in a sweet tone while he stroked my hair away from my face and I kissed and licked his still hard dick a little more.
"I love you too." I said as sweetly in return. Motioning for Bobbie to go back in the house, I stood up and pressed my tits in his face. Then I handed him a cigarette and lit it while Bobbie went silently in the house.
"I'll be right back." I followed Bobbie into the kitchen. She turned to me from the window. "What'd ya think?" I smiled.
"That was fucking hot." Her cheeks were slightly flushed. "And Jason's got nothing on Vic." She shook her head and looked toward the sleeping man on the couch.
"Yeah, he's got nothing on you either." I leaned toward her as I spoke. She grabbed me by my dress and pulled me against her. I stumbled and pressed her against the counter top. She raised herself onto it and kissed my mouth hungrily. She pulled away and sighed.
"I bet your just as good at eating pussy. Aren't you?" My tits were pressed against hers as she wrapped her legs around my waist.
"I've been told..." I kissed her again, tasting her sweet little lips. Her skin was hot against mine. I wanted more. "Would you like to see for yourself?"
"Yes, I would." I tweaked her nipples then pulled up a chair. I slid her shorts off before I sat down. Spreading her legs, I lapped around the outside of her first, feeling her squirm for more. I licked at her thighs and just above her clit. She ran her hands through my hair. Her lips her swollen and slick, she glistened as I looked her over, waiting for the right moment. She pulled her feet up onto the counter and sat there, with her pussy wide open. And there it was every succulent bit on display. I lapped at her from ass to clit, tasting her sweet juiciness. She moaned and rolled her hips for me. I held her thighs as I dipped my tongue into her tight little pussy. Then I sucked at her clit and lips, pulling and nibbling while she ground into me. I slid one finger inside her. She was tighter than I imagined. "Oh god, yes." I slid another finger in and worked her as hard as I could while I rolled my tongue over her clit. She moaned and whimpered, leaning back onto the cabinets, clutching my hair. She had her eyes closed and her head thrown back. I looked up as I felt her cunt begin to throb and saw Vic standing there in the doorway. I winked and closed my eyes drinking her lovely lady cum. I guess two (or maybe three) can play at this game.