Everyone in this story is over 18 ears old. Again, I haven't used an editor, not out of arrogance but just not wanting to bother someone. Hence, all spelling and grammatical are all my fault.
Relax, it's just a story.
######################################
Rylen and I woke up the next morning and sadly enough it was a school day, so we both hurried to get ready. Fortunately, it was going to be a short week since Thanksgiving was Thursday, but we both had classes today and tomorrow.
Rylen had been my fiancée now for about 34 hours, it's a long story. Rylen is 5'4" tall, 115 lbs. C-cup breasts, long legs, a great shaped taught ass, unusual amber colored eyes, lightly curled upper back length dirty blonde hair, and a face that is very pretty with no makeup and stunning when she wants to really go out with her makeup.
"I have to be in my office this morning by about 7:00 so I'll just grab a bite somewhere on the way to the college," I said.
"Oh my God, why do you have to be in so early your first class starts at 8:00 doesn't it?"
"Yeah, but I got an email from that realtor friend of mine, and she wants to get together this morning so I can give her an idea of what we're looking for in a house. Do you have anything in mind that you'd like in a house? Also is there a particular part of town you'd like to be in?"
"Oh, I don't know honey I'm not particularly picky. Obviously, the master bedroom should be large enough for a king size bed to not take up the whole room. Oh, also I'd like a shower like we have here I'm already spoiled by this one. I guess it should have a large enough office for both of us to share without bumping elbows. Oh, I know, also a big modern kitchen like this one here. I really don't care about which part of town it's in. Hey, would you want something at the beach, or would that be too much?
And should I be concerned about this female realtor friend of yours?" Rylen asked with a smile.
"No not at all, Jess is very happily married to a teddy bear of a man and they have four kids.
I don't know about living at the beach. I've lived there before and everything in the house gets so damp that it gets old after awhile. Although they do have much better dehumidifiers now than when I lived there before, we'll play that one by ear.
Also, I'm going to try to set you up with a session with my tailor sometime today to get your measurements."
"What do I need to get measured for?"
"Nothing in particular at this time it'll just be good to have in case you need any shirts like mine made that will fit you better. He will also be able to alter your wedding dress if needed, and anything else you need altered.
I was thinking I'd fix us chicken picatta for dinner tonight so we could eat in. I thought of few things last night that we need to talk about so I thought after a nice meal we could sit down for a bit."
"Uh oh should I be worried?" Rylen asked with a look of trepidation on her face.
"Heavens no, one of them is we should talk dates and details about the wedding."
That suddenly put a smile on her face.
"When's your first class 9:00?"
"It's the composition class and I need to collect some of their work see if they have actually done it."
Before I left, I also got a bottle of 2018 Latour Corton Charlemagne wine out of the wine cellar and put it in the white wine column to bring the temperature to about 45 degrees. As I was walking out the door I said, "Okay I've got to run I'll see you there. Oh, take any of the cars you know where the keys are. Be careful if you take either of the Mustangs, the Roadrunner, or the 'Cuda, they all have a lot of power and can get away from you if you're not careful."
"Wait hang on a second don't I get a kiss?"
"Oh shit, I'm sorry," I said as we met midway.
We had a great passionate kiss and when we finally broke apart, she asked, "Hey would you mind if I took the green car I'm sort of scared of the others?"
"Sure," I said with a smile, "We'll have to get you used to the others."
I got into my office a few minutes before 7:00 and I wasn't at all surprised when right at 7:00 I heard a, "Hi Sugar."
I turned around and there was Jess looking as fantastic as usual and I asked, "Hey beautiful when are you going to let me whisk you away from that pipsqueak of a husband and ravish you at some tropical beach?"
She laughed at me asked, "Are you sure you could handle me Sugar? I mean I'm not even sure if we could get a bit and bridle in your mouth and head with those fine looking teeth, but I bet you would be a fine ride," as she came up to me and gave me a quick scorching hot kiss on the lips.
She was taking off a light jacket she had on and I saw that she was wearing a really slinky, satin light teal halter top and an ivory colored skin tight mid-thigh mini skirt and a pair of peep toe stiletto heels. Her artificial DD breasts were pulling her top away from her chest displaying a good amount of side boob not to mention her nipples sticking out at least half an inch.
Jess is 54, looks 34, could be Molly Qerim's thinner doppelgänger, and is exactly 6'0" of pure smoking hot woman. You could tell she works out regularly as there didn't look to be an ounce of fat on her. She's always had killer legs with perfectly shaped muscular calves, thighs, and an absolutely perfect ass, and she always wore clothes that showed off her flawless figure. The only flaw of her whole body could be the noticeable acne scars from her childhood but with her vivacious personality I don't think most people even notice them. Her husband Jake is 52, 6'5" and about 250 lbs. and like Jess I don't think he has an ounce of fat on him. He used to be a professional powerlifter, owns his own CrossFit gym, is a personal trainer, and is an ammeter MMA fighter. Well I guess I shouldn't say fighter. Jess laid down the law that he can spar and train, but she doesn't want a husband that is an actual fighter. They also have three daughters that they absolutely dote upon.
"Damn woman do you ever not look stunning; Jake must have to worry about you night and day. What do you do, wake up looking perfect? Speaking of Jake how is that old coot?"
"Shit that man still has a libido that would put Hugh Hefner to shame. He still fucks me more than a rabbit in springtime.
You're not looking so bad yourself and judging by what I see you've got some young filly other than Jasmine keeping you company."
"That's something I've never been able to figure out about woman. How can you tell that, I mean we've been engaged for two days now?"
"Oh Sugar, you're engaged now I'm so happy for you. I'm shocked, she must really be something to rope your ass," she said almost crushing me in another hug and then another kiss.
I need to remind myself to give Rylen a warning about Jess. When she is around friends she is very over the top and cusses like a sailor. Also, she always greets you with a full body hug and a very steamy kiss on the lips, sometimes even with a little tongue. That's just who she is, but if someone is at all jealous, they might take it the wrong way if they don't know her.
"So, what do you need me for Sugar, someone to get her all revved up for you so you can just hop right on?" she asked with a laugh.
"Ah I think I have that covered, but thanks. No, we'd like to see about finding a place for the two of us."
"Don't tell me you're giving up that fuck pad of yours! How many times have I told you with that house you could get more pussy than the pound? I mean she must be great and everything, but you're wasting that place with just one woman. Hell Jake would love it but I just won't let him have that many cars."
"No, I was thinking of renting it out. Rylen and I are looking for a place with probably four bedrooms, one of them being a large master suite with a large bathroom and dual dressing areas, a large office area for both of us, and a large almost professional kitchen. Oh, and it also needs a pool and in ground spa."
"Sugar, it would be best for you to buy some land and build what you want. I know you, I'll take you to see several places but I doubt you'll find something you like."
"Yeah, I know but we should at least look at a few houses. Would you be available to show us a few, maybe tomorrow afternoon? My last class is over at 11 and I think Rylen's is over at noon so maybe 12:30 or so?"
"You know this is only a few days before Thanksgiving, but I'll see what I can do. Hey, speaking of Thanksgiving, we're having a few friends over and would love for you and your fiancée to join us if you don't have any other plans. And, the girls might be there, including Jada."
"Oh, you are bad. How is Jada?"
"Well Sugar, you'll just have to come and find out for yourself. I know she'd love to see you."
"Normally I'd love to see her also, you know that, and you also know the rest. It would be good to see her, I just hope it won't be awkward."
"Sugar, we're all grown-ups now, you have a fiancée and she's married to the Corps, I'm sure everything will be fine."
Jess's daughter Jada and I used to dated whenever she was on leave. Sometimes I'd fly to wherever she was and sometimes she'd fly home and we'd get together. Before Rylen, Jada was probably my best friend. Still to this day, we both email each other a couple times a week or whenever she could.
She enlisted in the Marine Corps on her 18th birthday, and she's been part of my life since we were both in seventh grade. She's been there for me through both of my marriages, and as we grew older, we both talked about us getting married. The only problem is, she's already married to the Corps and neither of us wanted to have the life where one is often in some foreign land in harm's way, while the other waits by the phone, nervous every time it would ring. Plus, she has her dad's libido, and she didn't want to be away from physical companionship for long periods of time.
Just then Rylen poked her head into my office and said, "Hi honey, I'll be in my office if you need me."
"Hang on a second honey, I'd like you to meet a friend of mine, this is Jess, she's going to help us find a house or land."
Before I even finished the sentence, Jess had jumped up and as Rylen stepped into my office, Jess was embracing her in one of her oh so famous full body hugs. And also as per usual when they broke, before Rylen could say anything, Jess gave Rylen one of her equally famous smoldering full on lip to lip kisses.
I saw Rylen's eyes widen as Jess was finally pulling away, and then Jess started in on Rylen.
"Sweetie, I don't know what you did to rope this stallion, but I'm sure my husband will be sending you a thank you note. If Jake would give me a hall pass, I'd fuck this stud until he was more lathered up than a team of mules pulling a house," she said with a laugh.
"But seriously it's so nice to meet you, but you better not hurt this man or Jake and I will come after you with two shotguns, he's one of the good ones.
Jess finally let Rylen out of the hug and said, "Well I better run if I'm going to get you two something to look at tomorrow afternoon, toodles," and with that she was out of my office.
"So, what do you think of Jess honey? Kind of a force of nature, isn't she?"
"Wow, you aren't kidding. I thought she was going to jump my bones with that hug and kiss."
"Yeah, if I'd had time, I would have warned you about that. If you're a friend or in your case a significant other of a friend, that's pretty much her standard greeting."
"And that outfit, I felt like an old schoolmarm next to her. Does she always dress like that?"
"Yep, ever since I've known her. I asked her about it once and do you want to know what her answer was?"
I tried using Jess' southern accent and slang and said, "Sugar, sex sells."
"And you should see their daughters, they are drop dead gorgeous. Now as far as I know she is just a huge tease but even so if I were Jake, I'd have to be really confident in my marriage to not wonder."
I noticed that Rylen seemed a little off and I asked, "Are you okay honey, should I find another realtor? I've known Jess for years and I've never gotten more than that welcome kiss, but if you're uncomfortable with that we can find someone else."
"No, it's not that, it's just kind of a little bit embarrassing."
"What do you mean?"
"Well... this is going to sound a little weird, but I've never been kissed by a woman like that before. I mean her tongue even grazed my lips and teeth a bit..."
"I'm sorry honey I know she's a bit much, I'll find another realtor."
"No please don't. It's just that... well... I kind of liked it a bit... I mean... I even opened my mouth a bit, and I think if she had kept kissing, I wouldn't have stopped her. I mean my God she's sexy. Her tits were pressing above mine and that slinky blouse... fuck, I actually felt myself getting wet."
I laughed and said, "Yep, Jess can do that to you. I get hard every time she greets me. Like she said, 'Sex sells.'"
"In her case, yeah, no shit," Rylen said, fanning herself.
I came around my desk and looked her in the eyes and gave her a hug and said, "Hey don't forget you're mine I'm the one that loves you, Jess just wants you for your body."
We both laughed, and I continued, "I kind of have something to talk to you about, it's what I mentioned this morning that I wanted to talk to you about. Let's sit down for a minute."
"Okay, should I be worried?" Rylen asked.
"No, not at all. You know how I've mentioned several times that I've been adamant about never having kids?"
"Yeah?"
"Well, last night, as we were falling asleep, I had an epiphany."
"Yeah?"
"For the first time in my life, I realized that with you as the mother, I would like to have a child."
As fast as she flew out of the chair, you'd have someone had stuck a cattle prod up her butt. She was almost instantly hugging me, almost screaming how happy she was. "What changed your mind?"
"I really don't know what to tell you, I guess you make me so happy and content that I want to give us the most precious gift that a couple can have."
"Oh my God honey, you've made me the happiest woman on earth. Tonight, I'm going to so fuck your brains out. I love you so much!"
"I love you too Rylen, more than I ever thought possible. Looking at my watch, "Hey I have to get to my first class. Our tailor Hugh should be here about 12:30, you'll be finished with classes by then, won't you?"
"Yes, see you then."
I finished my last class at 11 and headed back to my office and saw that Rylen was there before me. I asked how she got there before me, and she said only three students showed up for the class, so she ended up cancelling it. She said she also told the three that showed up that it would help their grade by being there.
I asked her if she had any tights in her car or office and when she said no and I apologized for forgetting to mention that it would be best for Hugh to take her measurements without having to compensate for her clothing thickness.
We sat in my office until Hugh showed up and he asked if we were ready, and he asked Rylen what she was going to change into. She just looked at both of us for a few seconds and then said, "I think I might have something in my office, hang on a sec'."
About 30 seconds later my cell rang and I saw it was Rylen and I answered, "Hey, what's going on?"
"I'm ready, why don't you come into my office, it's probably easier."
"Ooookayyyy, we'll be right there," and I hung up confused. "Well, she says she's ready in her office, let's go over there."
We walked out of my office, locked it, and knocked on Rylen's door before entering. She said, "Come on in," and as we entered, at first, I didn't see her until I realized that her door wouldn't open all the way, and then figured out she was behind her door.
Once Hugh was in Rylen's office, I closed the door and there was Rylen standing in her thin white lacy bra and equally thin and transparent thong.
"Oh, that looks nice," I said, and Hugh, being the consummate professional, said, "Why don't you come stand over here and we can get started," pointing to the largest clear spot in the room.
I was instantly hard seeing Rylen basically naked in front of Hugh, so I moved her office chair over a bit and sat down so I could enjoy watching Hugh touching her all over her body. I could tell that Rylen was as turned on as I was, because I could easily see her nipples had puckered up under her semi sheer bra.
Hugh seemed to take longer measuring Rylen than I remembered how long it took with me. How surprising. As he kneeled in front of her to get her leg measurements, his eyes were exactly level with her completely exposed, waxed mound, and he certainly had to smell her arousal. Needless to say, he had to touch Rylen all over and by the time he was done, I could tell she was extremely turned on.
As soon as Hugh left, we locked Rylen's door and next we locked our lips together in a tongue battle almost like thumb wrestling. Before we broke our kiss, I managed to unhook and remove Rylen's bra, and breaking the kiss, I lowered her panties off her legs, leaving her naked and eagerly anticipating where my tongue would go next.
I lowered my face down, first kissing behind her ear and then down her neck. As I began to hear appreciative moans from Rylen, I lowered my kisses even farther down until I had one of her nipples delightfully in my mouth. I was tweaking her other nipple with my fingers, lightly tugging it upwards and then circling her areola with my fingers as my tongue duplicated the motion on the other.
After freeing the nipple in my mouth, I started kissing down her abdomen but was brought up short when she grasped my head and pulled it up saying, "Fuck that, I just need you to get naked and fuck me right now."
Frantically I unbuckled my belt and unbuttoned my pants as Rylen was unbuttoning my shirt. As I slid my pants down and was stepping out of them, she finally got flustered undoing all the buttons on my shirt and just yanked it open, flinging the remaining buttons all over her office.
Rylen grabbed my cock and pulled me towards her, and as our bodies met, she sat back down on her desk and positioned my cock head at the entrance of her pussy. I didn't need any other further encouragement, and slowly slid forward, relishing the warmth and softness as I entered her. Once I was completely ensconced inside her, buried to the hilt, I started slowly pulling out and then pushing back in, with each stroke picking up speed as I sawed into and out of her velvet tunnel. Rylen reached her hand down and was furiously rubbing her clitoris and soon I heard her trying to keep as quiet as possible as she finally started shaking in her orgasm. She finally got as stiff as a board as her muscles contracted while her orgasm flowed through her. I slowed down my pace until her orgasm finished and when she'd had a few seconds to relax I picked up my pace and she announced that she was cumming again, and just as her orgasm finished, I felt mine approach and it felt incredible as I pushed as far in as I could and felt my hot sperm flood her already soaked pussy.
We took a few minutes to compose ourselves and started quietly laughing as we started to get dressed. Rylen felt bad as we tried to find the buttons for my shirt, and we finally gave up as I said we'd just have Hugh fix it. She peeked out of her office to see if there was anyone around and as the coast was clear we both went out. I got everything I needed from my office, including changing into a clean, undamaged shirt that I always kept, and headed out to our cars.
On the way to the cars, Rylen asked, "When should we go by my place and get my car, it's not fair for me to continually be driving your cars."
"I don't know, maybe Friday," I answered.
Rylen's car is what is referred to as a 'beater.' It's over 20 years old and looks like something a homeless person would camp in. She is constantly having to have it fixed, on a few occasions she's missed her classes or other appointments because her car had broken down.
Once we got to the cars, I saw that she was parked next to me, and we were originally planning on heading home to relax but I had a thought and asked her to get into my car. She asked what was up and I asked her what her ideal car would be, and she said she'd never thought about it. She had always been very frugal with her money, so she didn't have any extravagances. We sat there for a bit, and I found it almost fascinating to see how her mind would process the question.
"I don't know," she ruminated aloud, "I guess maybe a Honda."
"No, I didn't ask what car you would get, what would be your ideal car?"
After thinking for a bit, she finally said, "I suppose a BMW or a Mercedes. I mean who wouldn't want one of those?"
"Okay, what kind of car would be your ideal? A sports car, a sedan, an SUV, a minivan?
"Oh God no, I certainly wouldn't want a minivan. I don't know, I suppose an SUV. I know Claire Hines has one, and Helene and Roberta have one. I know Roberta really likes hers.
Why?"
"I was just curious.
Hey, I don't know about you, but what would you think of one of those jalapeño corn dogs that food truck sells?"
As she was saying, "Oh yeah, that would be great," I started the car and headed to where we always found him. After we ate our corn dogs Rylen asked where we were headed next, and I told her shopping.
"Didn't we go shopping Saturday? I already ordered the dress for the charity event."
"This is a different kind of shopping."
We talked some more and soon we pulled into a Mercedes dealership.
Rylen was looking around and asked, "What are we doing here?"
"We're here to get you a car. Your old one is on it's last leg and that one is broken. We need to get something new and this is what you said you wanted."
"I can't get a Mercedes, what would I do with it. I mean, I can't afford one of these."
"Okay, at least humor me. Let's look at a couple, have you drive one, just see what you think."
"Honey, seriously, I don't think I can afford anything here."
"Come on, just give it a try."
"Okayyy."
We got a saleswoman, Lisa, and looked at several models until Rylen suddenly saw a dark green SUV and for once, seemed interested. Lisa started going over all the features and said we should take it for a test drive. Well, that was all it took, Rylen was in love. As we were driving, Lisa was telling us all about the car, saying it was an AMG GLS, that it was fully loaded, and I don't think Rylen heard a word. She was just looking at all the electronic features and it almost looked like her eyes were glazed over.
When we got back to the dealership, Lisa and I got out first and before Rylen got out, I whispered to Lisa that I didn't want to have Rylen know anything about the price or anything like that. I told her that I'd be paying cash and said we'd take it as is, and asked her to give me their best price including their best and longest extended warranty. I slipped her my Centurion card, and she hustled away before Rylen even got out of the car. I opened the passenger door and sat back down, and it was heartwarming to watch Rylen. She looked like a little girl examining a shiny, delicate toy. I started fiddling with the radio and then told her to stay there, that I'd be right back. I went out to my car and got the music thumb drive that I have, and hustled back to Rylen and the car, and then I put it in its slot, and then figured out how to change the music input source to the stick, and suddenly we were immersed in the great sound.
We were still playing with the different controls when Lisa came back along with a guy in a suit. Lisa surreptitiously handed my card back and was carrying a good-sized package that I assumed was the manual, so I got out and opened the rear door and slipped it into the rear footwell. Once we closed both doors, the suit shook my hand and gave me his card, indicating that he was the general manager, and thanked me for our business before walking away. Fortunately, Rylen was still mesmerized by the car and had, I think, been oblivious to the whole transaction.
Finally, Rylen got out of the car and a little dejectedly said we should probably go. I told her that Lisa and the general manager said we could take it home for the night.
"Oh Anson, I don't think I could do that. It's hard enough to walk away from it now, if we drove it home, I don't think I'd ever want to bring it back."
"Come on, let's just try it for the night. I'll bring it back tomorrow. You know you want to. Besides, Lisa said she could give us temporary tags so at least we won't be arrested."
"Okay, I guess it couldn't hurt," she said with a huge smile.
"Great," I said, trying to hide my enthusiasm as much as I could, "Do you want to lead or should I?"
"You probably should, I'll just go too fast if I'm in front."
Once we got home, I parked in the garage and then motioned for her to park at the very left side of the driveway, and when she got out, I got a huge laugh when she said, "That car is almost better than sex."
Once we got into the house, I told Rylen I was going to change into something more comfortable and she said she'd join me. We went into the dressing area, and I put my dirty clothes in the hamper and Rylen did the same. I quickly put on a ratty pair of jean shorts with holes everywhere and grabbed a muscle shirt, and laughed when Rylen said, "Oh, you're planning on teasing me all night, huh?"
I went downstairs to get dinner going. I was planning on starting with a Panzanella salad, then chicken picatta over an angel hair pasta with lemon, garlic, and artichoke hearts, and a side of steamed sugar snap peas with garlic.
I was lightly pounding the filleted chicken breasts when I heard, "Hey sailor, come here often?"
I turned around to see Rylen standing there in a pair of flowered sandals with what I assumed were four-inch heels, the shortest pair of Daisy Dukes I'd ever seen, and a white button up shirt. On the shirt, not a single button was closed, there was just a gap about four inches wide all the way down, giving me a view of her chest, dual side boob, and flat stomach, before being covered by her shorts. And the shorts. Ay yi yi. Be still my beating heart. Whoever said that sometimes being clothed is sexier than being naked was talking about those shorts. First of all, they were originally low-rise jeans but the top part where the belt loops and top button originally were, had been cut off. I'm sure that if Rylen wasn't waxed bare of her pubic hair, you'd see some coming out the top of these shorts. Then, they were cut so short that in the front, the lowest part in the middle was the bottom inch or so of the zipper, then they were cut across so that only the seams of the pockets were intact, leaving the entire pocket lining hanging loose. Then when she turned around, I saw that they were cut straight across, leaving only about a top third of the pockets intact, showing pretty much her whole ass. The top of the left pocket was torn away so you could see a bit more of her ass cheeks, and the only part that connected the front to the back was the middle seam. I've seen larger bikini bottoms than those shorts. Also, I saw that the back of the shirt had a pretty embroidery of a few roses.
All in all, the look was steaming hot.
Right away she saw that her outfit had the desired effect, because my cock was making a serious tent out of my shorts.
I had to stop what I was doing so we could have a kiss that did her outfit justice. However, Rylen started rubbing my cock through my shorts and I had to pull back, telling her if we continued, we'd never have dinner. With a pout on her face, she asked if there was anything she could do to help, and I said if she didn't mind, she could slice the cherry tomatoes in half.
I was about ready to put the chicken breasts in the pan when the doorbell rang.
"You expecting someone?" Rylen asked.
"No, it's probably FedEx or UPS, would you mind getting it?"
I heard her opening the door and ask, "Can I help you?"
Then I heard a voice I recognized, "Ah... is Anson home?"
I yelled, "Come on in Antoinette, is Henri with you?"
As I heard the door close, I turned around to see my neighbors Antoinette and Henri and then Rylen come around the corner, and I greeted Antoinette with a hug and double cheek kiss and shook hands with Henri.
"It's good to see you guys, when did you get home, but most importantly, let me introduce my fiancée. This is Rylen, Rylen this little pixie is Antoinette and her husband Henri."
Antoinette squealed something in French and Rylen responded in French, then they giggled together and hugged again.
As they were hugging and doing the European double kiss thing, I asked, "I thought you guys weren't getting back until Sunday."
Since Rylen was in her heels, even she was towering over Antoinette and Henri. Antoinette is 41, a couple of inches under 5' tall and I'd be surprised if she weighed 90 lbs. She is quite diminutive with maybe small B cup breasts; however she is quite muscular, having been an acrobat for a world famous traveling circus. She's quite cute, with a little turned up nose, very dark brown short hair, and she has a very outgoing, extroverted personality. Henri is 46, quite introverted until you get to know him, maybe 5'2" and is built like a fireplug, very muscular with a shaved head but very average looking. He has a average sized cock, maybe 6" or so and also used to work for the same circus as Antoinette, but he wasn't a performer but one of the guys pulled the ropes and set pieces around, hence his very muscular body.
Rylen was giving them sort of sideways glances, I'm assuming because of what they were wearing. Antoinette had on a pair of pink booty shorts that were not much more than a thong, a pretty transparent white top with little thread knots for polka dots. You could pretty easily see her dark pink areolas and nipples through it, along with a pair of pink sandals with about a two-inch wedge. Henri was wearing a pair of very light gray spandex shorts that barely covered his ass cheeks and when he was aroused, as he happened to be at the time, you could not only see the shape of his cock but also a bunch of untrimmed pubic hair. He was also wearing a wife beater type shirt and a pair of flip flops on his feet.
They both were quite surprised when I introduced Rylen as my fiancée and after answering all their expected questions, I again asked, "When did you guys get back, I thought you weren't getting back until Sunday?"
"Oh, I had a big fight with my mom, as usual, and we decided we didn't need her shit and came back early," Antoinette answered.
Turning to Rylen, I told her, "Antoinette and Henri are from France and they apparently just got back after being gone what, three weeks?"
Well suddenly Antoinette, Henri, and Rylen started talking a mile a minute in French so I got back to my cooking, but after a couple of minutes I had no idea if it would be a good time to butt in, but I asked them, over my shoulder, if they wanted to stay for dinner.
The three started talking in French again and finally I had to say, "Yo, are you guys staying for dinner?"
"Sorry honey, yes they're staying," Rylen said, and then they all started back in French.
"Hey, you know, this is no fair, I have no idea what you're all talking about."
"Oh, sorry honey."
"Oops, sorry Anton," Antoinette said, "It's just so nice to meet someone here that speaks French."
"Hey honey," I said, "Would you mind getting the bottle of wine out of the white wine column, it's in the top space by itself, pour some for all of us and then get two more bottles out of the wine cellar and put them where you got the first one."
"Sure. Ah, what's a wine column, and ah, where's the wine cellar?"
"Oh, that's right, you haven't gotten the tour yet. Henri, would you mind helping her out?"
After they left to go downstairs, I asked Antoinette, "So, what do you think?"
"Oh Anton, she seems so nice, and I'm sure you like how she's dressed."
"That's for sure, I've only seen her in public in two things, but they were both pretty out there, I'll have to show you pictures later."
After that, Henri and Rylen got the wine sorted out, and shortly I had dinner ready. Once we finished eating, I put all the dishes and things in the dishwasher and joined the others in the great room.
Right away Antoinette asked, "Okay, what game do you want to play?"
"Do you guys usually play games?" Rylen asked.
"Oh, we usually play something," Antoinette said.
"Like what?"
"Twister, Cards Against Humanity, Truth or Dare, That's What She Said, or Do or Drink. Usually just those."
"You know, I've never played Twister, how do you do it? Isn't that for kids?" Rylen asked.
"Okay Anton, get the mat and spinner, this will be fun," Antoinette said with a grin.
"I'm not sure honey, I don't know it's something you'd want to do," I said.
"Why not, I mean it's a game for kids isn't it?"
"Come on Anson, get it and we'll show her," Henri finally spoke up.
I got the mat and spinner out and set the mat up and we decided we'd do two teams of two: Antoinette and Henri against Rylen and me.
I looked at Rylen and said, "So as you can guess, it gets pretty sensual as you're moving around each other. And then, on top of that, what we usually do is, you try to distract your partner."
"Oh," Rylen said, suddenly looking kind of shy, "And how do you distract your partner?"
"You guys want to show her?" I asked Antoinette and Henri.
"Sure," Antoinette said, "Come on Hotstuff."
They got on the mat and got themselves contorted into a position, and then Antoinette slipped Henri's cock out of his shorts and started licking it. Then they moved again and started kissing, and then Henri moved Antoinette's shorts aside and started licking her pussy. For their final move, they moved in for a big kiss while Henri licked Antoinette's tits.
I was watching Rylen during their demonstration, and she quickly started fidgeting and as I watched, I saw her face and neck get flushed, and by the time they were done, she was licking her lips. With the demonstration done, it was extremely apparent that Rylen was very turned on.
"Well," I said, "Who's first and what are the rules?"
After thinking about it for a bit, Henri said, "How about 'Rock, Paper, Scissors' to see who goes first, and then the winning team is whoever completes the most moves. Then one player on the losing team has to take off a piece of clothing, and then we start all over. Once both players on a team are naked then maybe 'Truth or Dare' or 'Never Have I Ever' for afterwards."
"Okay," I said, "Let's give it a go if you're okay with that honey?"
"Hey, before we get started, let's have a shot, "Rylen said.
"Good idea, "I said, "Who want's what?"
Antoinette first chimed in with, "How about your famous Kamikazes?"
After everyone else agreed, I made a large batch, poured out four and put the rest in a bottle, and stuck it in the freezer.
We all took the shot with a little bit of a grimace from Rylen, we rolled the spinner, and it was suddenly Rylens and my turn to play a Twister.
Rylens first spin was a hand one, and right away everyone was able to clearly see her tits as her shirt opened right up. Within three spins, I was behind Rylen and leaned my face forward and gave her a long lick on her crotch, right outside of where her shorts ended. She gave out a loud squeal and jumped and fell sideways. We all laughed and it took almost a minute before we were able to compose ourselves. When Antoinette said we lost the round, Rylen begged her to give us another chance, saying that it was only her first time playing.
Antoinette relented, and Rylen and I resumed where we were, and they spun the spinner again. This time I was in an ever better position to lick Rylen. I was able to lick her pussy, right around the center seam of her shorts. With my tongue, I was able to move the seam over to the side and finally I was able to lick the entire slit of her pussy, stopping only when my tongue circled around her clit several times. Rylen was moaning so loud that she didn't even hear Antoinette call out her next move. Before Rylen could move, I was able to take one hand off the mat and put two fingers in Rylen's pussy. With my continued assault on her clit and fingers rubbing her g-spot, Rylen soon had an orgasm and collapsed onto the mat, finishing our round.
Antoinette looked like a cheerleader, jumping up and down with her unfettered breasts wobbling around as she jumped, "Woo hoo, we can beat that in a heartbeat."
The rest of us were laughing hysterically except for Rylen, who laid on the mat for at least a minute and I could tell that she didn't care in the least that we lost. She was laying on top of one half of her shirt front, and the other had moved around her so her tits were not even slightly obscured. Of course, that was giving Henri and me steel posts in our pants. Before Antoinette and Henri started their turn, I poured us another shot.
Antoinette and Henri were serious about winning, and after their fifth spin they had the game in the bag. As soon as they completed their fifth spin they first sat down and Antoinette leaned over to where Henri was sitting, fished his cock out of his shorts and immediately engulfed it with her mouth. As soon as I saw what she was going to do, I watched Rylen and again I could tell that she was immediately turned on. Antoinette didn't finish the blow job on Henri, but when she backed away Rylen's eyes were glued to Henri's wet, very hard, twitching cock. She quickly looked up at me, back down at his cock and then back up at me. It seemed to me like she was asking permission for her to resume the blow job on Henri, but I didn't make an indication of any kind, and after maybe holding her gaze for two or three seconds, I stood up and went to get each of us another Kamikaze. I was interested to see what she would do, but when I got back into the room with more shots, Henri had tucked his cock back into his shorts and everyone was looking at me expectantly.
"Okay," I said while still standing, "I'll take this one for the team," and pulled my shirt over my head. "Are you ready for round two?" I asked Rylen.
"Well, if you'd stop distracting me, we'd do better," Rylen responded with a laugh."
The next game, we did better, making six moves before I finally fell down when Rylen started licking my cock head when it popped out the leg of my shorts, seeing her unfettered breasts.
This time, Antoinette and Henri lost when she was too short to reach the required spot. Antoinette had no more than given up when she pulled her top over her head.
The third game, Antoinette and Henri lost again, and Henri took his shirt off, and on the fourth one, we lost, and Rylen decided to take her shirt off. Although her shirt hadn't hidden much since it wasn't buttoned at all, my cock was absolutely bursting knowing that she was topless in front of Henri.
The fifth game, Rylen and I lost so I took my shorts off, and then the sixth game, Antoinette and Henri lost and before Henri had a chance to take his shorts off, Antoinette shimmied hers down her legs, and now both she and I were naked.
Finally, the match came down to the final game where either Henri or Rylen would be losing their shorts, meaning one or the other team would then be naked. Antoinette and Henri went first, and they completed six moves, and when Rylen and I started, I boxed myself in and we were only able to four moves. As she was taking her shorts off she said, "Well that didn't take long, do we want a rematch or something else?"
"I don't know, how about 'Truth or Dare', Antoinette suggested, "do you still have those cards of questions and dares?" She asked me.
"Yeah, they're somewhere around here, I can find them, hang on a sec.
"That's okay, we can come up with our own questions."
"Okay, that should be fine," I said, "do you know how to play this," I asked Rylen.
"Kind of but not really."
"Okay, the way it goes, we'll have a deck of cards and then each person draws a card, and the highest person then asks the low person if they want a truth or dare. Depending on how they answer, they either ask them a question, if it's a truth, and they have to answer it honestly, or if it's a dare, they have to tell the person some kind of dare that they have to complete."
I went and got a deck of cards and right away Antoinette said, "I nominate Anson to start".
I shuffled the deck and after we all drew, I got the high card and Rylen got the low. "Okay, truth or dare," I said turning to Rylen. "Truth."
"Okay, have you ever had a dog?"
"Booooo, boring question," Antoinette said, "ask another."
With a smile at Antoinette, I looked back at Rylen and asked, "Okay, what is your favorite sexual position?"
"Ooohhhhh... now that's more like it," Antoinette said.
"That's easy, I like it when I'm lying in bed on my side and my boyfriend slides into bed and snuggles up behind me and then slips his dick into me, and after he cums, we fall asleep. Then the next morning we fuck again and when we get up I like feeling his dried cum on my butt or legs."
"Now that's sexy," I say with a huge smile on my face.
I passed the deck to Rylen, and she dealt, and I again got the high card and Antoinette got the low.
"So, Antoinette, truth or dare?"
"Oh..., truth?"
"What's your favorite sexual position and why?"
"Ooohhhhh... that's a tough one," Antoinette ponders for several seconds, "I'd have to say..., Anson, what was that called when Henri and I were 69ing and then you started to fuck me?"
"Fucklicking," I answered.
"That's it," Antoinette continued, "Fucklicking." Turning to Rylen she said, "You've got to try it, it's the best sexual feeling of my life."
"What is it?" Rylen asked.
"You know what a 69 is right?" When Rylen nodded her head yes, Antoinette continued," Well here you are, on top, sucking his dick while he's eating you out. I mean that's great all on it's own... but then another guy comes up behind you and starts fucking you. It's amazing. The guy on the bottom is playing with your clitty when you feel that hard dick enters you. It's just..." she sighs with contentment.
"Now that does sound like fun," Rylen says with a smile, "and is he," pointing at me, "the one on the bottom or the one fucking you?"
"We've tried getting him to be the one on the bottom but so far, he's always been the one fucking me."
Rylen passed the cards to Henri, and Antoinette was high and Henri was low so she asked, "Mon Amour, truth or dare?"
Right away he responds, "Dare."
"Ooohhhh, I like that, I dare you to kiss mon chéri here for 20 seconds," Antoinette said pointing at Rylen.
Henri started over towards Rylen and she said, "Ah, hang on a second..."
"Yeah, we'll be right back guys, we need to talk about this," I told Antoinette and Henri.
I led Rylen into the office and said, "You know, we don't even have to play this game, a couple of the others might be tamer for the first time."
"I'm assuming you've done this with them before?"
"Yes."
"How far did you go then?"
"There were very things we didn't do."
"Okay, what does that mean? Have you had sex with them? Have you had a threesome with them? Come on, don't be vague, just tell me."
"Well, let's see, yes, I've had sex with Antoinette, yes we have had a few threesomes, and Henri has blown me."
"Ooh, I'll want more details later but for now, then how far should we go tonight?"
"Well," I said, "I guess that's something we're going to have to talk about and maybe play it by ear. You know, we don't have to play this."
"It actually sounds like it may be fun, but you weren't fond of me kissing that guy in the fountain, how about here? I also don't want intercourse either for both of us, but how about me kissing Henri or licking or sucking his dick?"
"I don't know, since they're friends it might be different. How would you feel if I were to lick her pussy or kiss her?
"I think I'd be okay; we should probably see how it goes and see how it feels at the time. It actually sounds like a lot of fun."
"Okay, so maybe anything but intercourse? God, my stomach is roiling already."
"Then we probably shouldn't do it!"
"No, it's okay, let's give it a try."
We went back out to the great room and Antoinette and Henri were making out a bit, kissing and she was rubbing his cock which had its head sticking out of his pants and he was playing with her tits.
We sat down and Rylen motioned Henri over, "Let's go slow at first, maybe a few quick kisses before we get into some tonsil hockey," she said.
Henri moved close to her and leaned forward to give her a couple of small kisses, pulled away and Rylen looked at me, and then he moved back, and they had a more sensual kiss, and this time she closed her eyes, but I could tell there wasn't any real open mouth or tongue. My stomach was in knots but that was about it. I wasn't feeling like someone was ripping my heart out of my chest, so when Rylen looked at me, I shrugged my shoulders and gave her a touch of a smile but not much.
Henri also looked back at me, and I gave him the same motions. He looked back at Rylen, and she gave him a slight smile, so he leaned forwards again and they had another small kiss, this time she closed her eyes and then they followed up with a couple of the more sensual ones. She briefly opened her eyes but they were half lidded with a look of lust in them, and this time she didn't look my way. In my rational mind I knew that she wasn't going to leave me for Henri, and certainly Henri wasn't going to leave Antoinette for her but seeing that desire and lust in Rylen's face suddenly ramped up the roiling in my stomach and tightened my chest. "Damn I thought to myself, I never thought I'd be jealous and I really, really don't like this feeling."
As Henri moved forward, Rylen closed her eyes again and they had another sensual kiss, but followed on the heels of that one they opened their mouths and started a very erotic, long kiss. Even though my guts were twisting inside me, I didn't have the nerve or breath to say stop. Rylen started lightly moaning, and one of her hands reached up and stroked Henri's cheek. I don't know how long the kiss lasted, it felt to me like it was two hours, but it was more than 20 seconds before Antoinette first went, "Ahem."
That broke me out of my spell of watching them, realizing I had been holding my breath, and I looked over at Antoinette and saw that her right hand was inside her booty shorts, furiously rubbing her clit. Her eyes were almost glassed over and it took her another 10 seconds or so before Antoinette said, "Hello! You guys know they're other people here don't you, or do we need to get a hose and break you apart that way?"
Some people may get aroused by that, but my cock was about as limp as if I'd gone skinny dipping at the south pole. However, I will admit that as their kiss continued, the knots in my stomach and tightening in my chest abated a bit.
They broke their kiss and had one smaller peck before they broke apart. After a few more seconds, Rylen finally opened her eyes and then looked at me, and when I gave her a very thin smile, she gave me a great smile back.
Henri passed the deck to Antoinette and Henri had the high card and I had the low. Henri asked me if I wanted a truth or dare and after thinking about it for several seconds and trusting that Henri wouldn't ask me to do anything with him, I answered, "Dare."
He'd obviously thought of what he would say if I responded with a dare, because he instantly said, "Anson, I want to play another match of Twister, but this time you are Antoinette's partner, and Rylen is mine."
I immediately pointed out that that wasn't an individual dare, but for the whole group and he needed to pick a more specific one, but right away Antoinette pointed out that we'd never specified in the rules that something like that wasn't allowed. "But let's let Rylen decide, what's it going to be, Twister or continue with this?"
"Sure, put me on the spot. First, since we're all naked, I think Anson and I should talk in private about if we want to proceed. If we agree, we could do another match of Twister, the first one was a lot of fun, but now that we're all naked, what would the stakes of each game be?"
"Give us a minute and we'll figure out what we're comfortable with, and what the stakes can be," I said.
Once again Rylen and I went into the office and closed the door to talk about what to do. Once the door was closed, I asked Rylen what she thought about continuing.
"Well, what would you do if we weren't in a relationship?" She asked me.
Right away I answered, "we've done it several times before, I'd do another match with them."
"Would you like to do another match?"
"Yes and no, how about you?" I asked.
"Like you, yes and no. Yes, because the first match was a lot of fun, no because I'm not sure how I'd feel seeing you play with Antoinette. What are your reasons for yes and no?"
"Well, like you, the first match was a lot of fun. Yes, because I've done it before with Antoinette and Henri and it was a lot of fun, but no because, like you, I'm not sure how I'd feel about you doing it with Henri. I think I'd be okay with it but if we were to do it, we should set some hard boundaries."
"I think we've established that the most extreme boundaries should be nothing in nothing, would you agree?" Rylen asked.
"That's where things get dicey. By that logic I can lick Antoinette's pussy but you can't suck Henri's cock. Tell you what, Let's say no sex, no oral, vaginal, anal, and we'll take it from there. We'll play a game to see how we both feel, if we're both okay then we can then finish the match and see who wins."
With that we went into the other room, explained to them what our boundaries were, and we played Rock, Paper Scissors to decide which team would start. Henri and Rylen won and they decided they wanted Antoinette and me to start. Of course, I was as hard as a rock, and playing that first game with Antoinette was pure torture. I'd played this game several times with Antoinette and Henri, but those times there was a lot of sexual touches involved, and now, having to keep from stroking Antoinette's pussy or tits was almost more than I could handle. We were able to make seven moves before Antoinette was unable to reach the next spot, and we fell to the floor, arms and legs intertwined together.
As soon as the next game started, my stomach roiled and my heart was feeling like a giant hand was squeezing it, watching Rylen's naked body starting to move against Henri's. As they progressed from one move to another, my guts continued to twist, but slowly the hand squeezing my heart began to release its death grip a bit. I had to admit that it did look very sexy as their two naked bodies moved against each other. Fortunately for Antoinette and me, Henri isn't very flexible, and being short but muscular, really limits his contortionist abilities and they were only able to complete five moves before he was unable to reach the required spot.
Once they stood up and it was Antoinettes and my turn, Rylen looked at me and asked if I was okay to continue the match. I nodded my head yes, after finding my voice had suddenly abandoned me, and she then said, "Okay, we're going to kick your asses this time."
Antoinette and I got ready for the next game, and after my second move I suddenly felt a hand on my cock and it started stroking me, and before I could remind Antoinette that we agreed that we couldn't do that, I felt a warm soft mouth engulf my cock. As I spun around to tell Antoinette that we couldn't do that, I fell on the mat, crushing Antoinette under me. With the position that Antoinette was in under me, I realized that it couldn't have been her that first stroked then sucked my cock. I looked around to see Rylen standing up and she and Henri were laughing, and I realized that Rylen was the one that had caused me to get flustered and fall. With that realization, I started laughing also and told Rylen that I'd get her for that. With us only completing three moves, it was obvious that baring any kind of disaster, Rylen and Henri were going to win that game. Sure enough, once they got four moves, they stood up and high five'd each other, having tied the score to 1-1.
The next round, Antoinette and I had completed five moves, and we were both bent over facing the same direction, and as I heard Rylen calling out Antoinette's next move, I also heard Antoinette let out a large sigh and said, "Oh fuck that feels so good."
I tried to turn around to see what she was talking about, but I couldn't see anything and then I lowered my head more and looked between our legs and saw Henri kneeling behind Antoinette, and I could but assume he was fucking her. I called out, "Hey, that's not fair," but neither Henri nor Antoinette moved and after a couple of minutes, when I could no longer hold the position, I was in, I dropped onto the mat and rolled away and moved over to Rylen to watch them.
I could tell that Rylen was very turned on because her eyes were glued to Antoinette and Henri, and she was pulling one of her nipples with one hand, while the other hand was furiously rubbing circles around her clit. I leaned over to kiss her and as our lips locked, I watched her eyes and they never left the couple fucking in front of us.
I lightly pushed her forward and she cast an annoyed glance at me until she realized I was motioning for her to get on her hands and knees next to Antoinette. As soon as Rylen was in position, I moved behind her and lining up my cock with her inflamed and spread pink pussy lips, I thrust forward in one motion until I was completely buried in her. She let out a loud, "Yes," and I pulled back until I was almost complete out of her and then plunged back all the way in. I started fucking her harder than I ever had with anyone before and within a few strokes she was almost babbling with swear words, exclamations of pleasure, and unidentifiable noises.
I heard Antoinette exclaim that she was cumming and I looked over in time so see her stiffen up as Henri buried himself all the way in her, as he was obviously cumming in her at the same time.
I looked back at Rylen and from her almost screaming that she was also cumming, I could tell the she was also having a huge orgasm as her body was shaking and I could feel her pussy spasming around my cock. I kept up my assault on her pussy and she seemed to go from one screaming orgasm into another, until she started squirting against me, instantly soaking my balls and legs. That finally put me over the edge and I finally felt my semen jetting out of my cock, instantly being mixed with her cum that was still dripping out of her.
Rylen stayed on her elbows and knees for maybe 10 seconds before she collapsed, exhausted, onto the floor, next to a smiling Antoinette. Both Rylen's body and mine were coated with sweat and I sat exhausted and watched Antoinette position herself between Rylen's legs and lower herself down and forward as her body slid up Rylen's naked body. When Antoinette's tits were over Rylen's, she moved around, sliding against Rylen's slippery body. Antoinette continued to slide her naked body against Rylen's for at least a minute or so before finally sliding up and almost whispering, "Oh mon chéri, ma poppet, you are so sweet," before leaning her head down and very sensually kissing Rylen. The kiss only lasted for five seconds or so, I'm not even sure if Rylen realized that it was Antoinette that kissed her, she was so exhausted.
Antoinette then stood up and she and Henri rounded up their clothes and got dressed and before they left, Antoinette pulled my head down for a kiss as sensual as the one she gave Rylen and said, "Mon cher, take care of her, she is very special." Henri and I hugged goodbye before they walked out the door. It wasn't until I closed the door that I realized that I'd kissed Antoinette and hugged Henri that I was still naked.
I managed to rouse Rylen and we stood and hugged before turning and headed to our bedroom. With not much more than a few kisses and both expressing our love for each other, we crawled into bed and were asleep within seconds.