Wednesday
A school day never passed so slowly. I felt all day like the clock was moving backward. I couldn't concentrate on anything my teachers said and I fought back a hard cock all day. My mind raced constantly, thinking about what Janet had in store for me at 3pm.
Thankfully, school finally ended and I raced to my car. I sped out of the parking lot and raced to Janet's house, arriving with 2 minutes to spare. I checked myself in the mirror, readjusted my hardening cock and walked to her front door. My hands shook as I pressed the doorbell and waited to see her. I heard footsteps and then the lock clicked. I took a deep breath.
Janet opened the door completely, letting it swing to the wall. She stood before me (and anybody passing by in the street) completely naked. My jaw hit the ground. She had obviously done her hair and make-up like she was going out, she just forgot to put on a stitch of clothing. Her round stomach and huge tits gleamed as sunlight streamed into the doorway. I was speechless.
"Don't say a word," she said.
I started to take a step into the house. She reached up with her hand and blocked my entrance, pushing me back onto the front porch. I stepped back, feeling very confused. Then she shocked me. She took a step onto the porch and pulled the door closed behind her. She was standing on her front porch, buck naked for the world to see. She put her finger to my lips and gave me a stern look.
"I'm hungry," she said. She then dropped to her knees and started rubbing my cock through my shorts.
"Feed me your hot cum, lover," she said as she unzipped my shorts and released my hard 8 inch cock. She grabbed it firmly with her hand and wrapped her lips around my bulging, purple mushroom head. She then proceeded to start bouncing her head up and down on my cock, blowing me as if my cum were her last meal. I was both excited and terrified that somebody would see her doing this on her front porch. My excitement took over and my balls started churning. I started moaning as my orgasm approached. She redoubled her efforts as she heard my sounds and started jacking my cock while sucking until I went over the edge. I flooded her mouth with cum. She started swallowing, but it was clear she couldn't keep up with the volume of seed I was producing. She let it drip out of the side of her mouth onto her huge pregnant tits as I pumped rope after rope of hot seed. When I finally finished, she looked up at me and smiled before loudly gulping down a mouthful of my cum.
Then, just as if nothing at all had happened, she stood up, kissed my lightly and pushed the door open behind her. "Go inside and make yourself comfortable, stud. I'm going to run grab the mail."
In complete amazement, I took one step toward the doorway as she slid past me and proceeded down her driveway toward the mailbox wearing nothing but a smile and my cum all over her tits. She moved at a normal pace, seemingly unconcerned if anybody saw this gorgeous, naked pregnant woman walking in front of her house. She reached the mailbox, opened it and reached inside to retrieve the mail. Then, she calmly leafed through the envelopes before closing the box and started walking equally slowly back up the driveway. I heard a car approaching as she reached the top of the driveway. I looked nervously toward Janet to see if she'd heard it as well and was increasing her pace. To my surprise, she did nothing of the sort. In fact, she slowed ever so slightly as she took her final steps toward the porch before reaching the door. She brushed past me, smiling at what must have been a shocked look on my face.
"Well, get inside," she said. "We're just getting started, Andy."
I watched her saunter down the entry way into her house as I pushed the door closed behind us.
"Why don't you head to the living room," she said. "There's another surprise for you in there. I'm going to the kitchen to get us drinks."
I nodded stupidly and turned right toward the living room. When I entered, I was shocked to see what was playing on her big screen TV. On the TV, a naturally large breasted woman was in middle of riding a huge black cock while she inhaled an equally large white cock in her mouth. Her eyes were closed in ecstasy as the two hunks of meat filled her pussy and mouth. My cock, which had been softening since the blow job, immediately jerked back to life as I sat down on the couch and took in the sights and sounds of these two studs fucking this huge-breasted whore on screen.
I was so engrossed in the action on the TV that I didn't hear Janet enter the room behind me until her tits were resting on my head and she was handing me a cold drink. Startled, I took my drink as Janet proceeded to walk slowly around the couch and take a seat beside me. The first thing I noticed was that she hadn't bothered cleaning my cum off her tits. They glistened with my seed, still wet from the porch.
She sat down next to me, resting her tits on my arm and then leaned over to kiss me. We kissed passionately for several seconds, allowing me to taste my cum that had just been in her mouth. When the kiss broke, she leaned back and smiled.
"So, what do you think of the video?"
"Oh my God. It's incredible. Her tits are so big. And so are their cocks. She looks like she's died and gone to heaven," I said.
"I'm glad you like it. The guy at the video store sure seemed to enjoy selling it to me today," she said with a smile.
I turned to face her. "I'm sure he did."
"I think what I was wearing probably helped his enjoyment."
"And what were you wearing, my slut," I asked.
"I will show you in a bit," she said coyly.
With that, she settled quietly in next to me and we spent the next 30 minutes enjoying our drinks and watching the woman on screen get the life fucked out of her. When the guys were finally ready to finish, they both pulled out and stood on either side of the woman's face. They then proceeded to shower her face with hot cum until she looked completely glazed over. She started finger spooning globs of their cum into her mouth and swallowing each glob until her face was moderately clean. Janet grabbed the remote and pressed pause.
"We have more time for this later," she said as she kissed me again. "Are you ready to hear what we're going to do today?"
"I can't wait. Although, I have to say it's been pretty amazing so far."
"Oh baby, we're just getting started."
She kissed me again.
"OK, first things first. You surprised me yesterday," she said. "I had no idea you were going to have such a luscious cock, amazing body and insatiable appetite. I thought about fucking you all night and all throughout today. I can't think of anything else but your cock and how good it tastes and feels. And, I love how turned on you are my big pregnant tits and stomach."
"You have no idea," I quickly said. This made her smile.
"Based on yesterday, I decided when I woke up this morning that I was going to give you everything. I decided to let you in on my fantasies, my hidden desires. I also decided I was going to understand all of yours and submit to as many of them as I could before Friday. So, long and short, there are no rules for the next three days. Whatever your heart desires, we will do. I am yours completely. Do we have a deal?"
I nodded. "Deal. I am yours completely!"
"Good," she said. "So, what you experienced when you arrived is my secret passion about being an exhibitionist. I love the idea of people watching me. I love for people to gawk at my huge tits. I want people to watch me get fucked, give head...be a total slut. I don't care who sees me. I secretly want to get caught. I want strangers to see me covered in my lover's cum."
I was speechless. But, my cock was now hard as steel as she explained her fantasies. She looked down and saw my stiff cock and then gave it a little pat.
"Seems that beautiful cock of yours likes this idea," said.
"Uh huh."
"Good, because we're going to do this today, in three parts. Part one already occurred on the front porch when you arrived. I hope you enjoyed it."
"More than words can say," I responded.
"I am not going to tell you the exact details of the next two parts. They will be revealed in their own good time. But I want you to tell me something first."
"Okay."
"Did you like the porno," she asked.
"Very much."
"What did you like best?"
"I liked how big her tits were. I liked that she wasn't too skinny and her stomach was soft and round. I liked seeing her fuck two cocks at once," I said. "And, I liked seeing her face coated in cum at the end."
"Good, I was hoping that's what you would say."
"How come," I asked.
"Because, for part three of our fantasy day, all of those options are available to you. I'm going to set up a scenario and get it started. Where it goes from there is entirely up to you. It will proceed exactly as far as you want it to, and I am yours to use how you want. Whatever you choose will be perfectly acceptable to me and will not in any way change how I feel about you. Do you understand?"
"You mean that if I want to have you fuck another guy, you will," I asked incredulously.
"I will fuck as many as you want me to, or none at all. I will wear cum on my face wherever you want me to, or not at all. I am completely at your disposal...your slut to use as you see fit so that you live out your fantasies. Understand."
"I think so," I said dumbly trying to let this sink in.
She sensed my hesitation and put down her drink. Then she crawled onto my lap resting her pregnant stomach against mine and pushing her tits into my face. "As I said last night, this pussy now belongs to you. Everything that you liked about the video, I liked it too. Everything that turned you on, turned me on." She stopped talking and kissed me. "Whatever you decide will happen during part 3 later will undoubtedly make me hotter than you can imagine. But, you're in charge. Get it?"
"I got it."
"Good."
We kissed again. Her mouth still tasted salty from my cum.
"By the feel of what's pressing against me, I'd say you're ready for part 2 of our day together."
I nodded and lightly started sucking her hardening nipple.
"Go get in the shower. Get cleaned off. Take your time and enjoy the hot water. Don't rush. I will wait for you here. But, no touching yourself in there. Understand?"
"Yes," I said as I kissed her. She got off of my lap, helped me up from the couch and then shooed me toward the bathroom.
"See you in a few minutes," she said as I walked toward the bathroom, my hard cock bouncing in front me.
As instructed, I took my time in the shower, letting the hot water rain on my head as I contemplated what lay in store for the rest of the evening. Finally feeling moderately calmed down, I turned off the water, grabbed a towel and started drying off. I decided only to put my boxers back on, leaving the rest of my clothes in a heap on the floor. When I finished drying off and had my boxers on, I left the bathroom and started toward the bedroom door, which was now closed. There was a piece of paper taped to the door.
"I'm on the deck waiting for you," the sign said. Puzzled, I pulled the door open and cautiously walked toward the living room. When I arrived in the living room with a clear view of the deck out back, my jaw hit the floor. Janet was outside, on the deck, leaned over the railing slightly, buck naked. She was looking at the empty field across the street taking in the twilight as it approached. My cock sprang to life. I walked toward the deck, sliding the glass door open slowly. I could see her glistening, hairy pussy looking incredibly inviting. She turned her head, but not her body, when she heard the door open.
"Don't say a word," she said. "Just get over here and fill me up with that huge cock."
Needing no further encouragement, I walked up behind her as my cock rose to full stiffness. I kicked off my boxers. Once I got behind her, I grabbed her hips firmly and spit down the crack of her ass. I then grabbed my stiff cock and lubed it up with my saliva, positioning it at the entrance of her aching hole.
"Fuck me hard Andy."
I slammed my cock into her pussy until I bottomed out. She screamed loudly and then moaned as she got comfortable with the feeling of my fat pole inside her. Then, in a steady rhythm, I started pounding her pussy, making loud slapping sounds as I bottomed out each time. Her moaning starting slowly but began to increase in volume with each new thrust. I was fucking her for all I was worth, giving it to her with a ferocity that surprised me. I wanted her begging for more, aching for me to bottom out.
"I'm getting close Andy. Don't stop," she said panting.
Closing my eyes, I concentrated so as not to cum and proceeded to plow her for all I was worth. She began screaming as her orgasm started overtaking her. Then she shifted to low guttural grunts as her body spasms indicated her orgasm was coursing through her. The feel of her cumming was too much for me and I started pumping my seed deep inside her wet pussy. I came for what felt like an eternity before my orgasm subsided and I came back to my senses. Janet was quiet, letting her pregnant weight fall on the deck railing, her head hanging over the edge. I looked up and almost passed out. Sitting twenty yards away on the cart path was one of the Mexican golf course workers in his cart, watching us. The look in his eyes was pure amazement.
"Janet, we have an audience," I said quietly. Janet lifted her head quickly saw the Mexican staring at her. I pulled my cum covered cock from her pussy and she let out a soft "no."
She stood up, waved at the Mexican worker and turned to face me. She kissed me deeply.
"Thank you, lover. That was amazing," she said as she took my hand and led me back into the house without looking back at our voyeur. I grabbed my boxers as I followed her back into the house and slide the glass door closed behind us.
She led me to the bedroom. Once there, she told me to sit on the edge of the bed. She got down on her knees and proceeded to clean my cock with her tongue, savoring the mixed tastes of my cum and her pussy juices. When she finished, she got to knees and kissed me so that I could enjoy it also.
In a moment of weakness, I had to say something. "Please tell me that you realize you're ruining me Janet. How am I ever supposed to go back to 'normal' after what you're doing to me."
She smiled more sweetly than I thought humanly possible. She took my face in her hands and whispered, "Shhhh. Don't think so far ahead. I told you I belong to you and I meant it. We will talk about what that means later. Okay?"
"Okay. I'm just..."
"Shhh. I'm yours," she said.
She kissed me sweetly this time, lovingly. "Why don't you grab your clothes, get dressed and go relax for a while. I'm going to get cleaned up, ok?"
"OK."
Again, I did as I was told. I retrieved my clothes from the bathroom and kissed her cheek as I passed out of the bedroom back to the living room. I heard the bedroom door close behind me and then the shower started. I collapsed onto the couch after dressing, noticing that our porno from earlier was still on pause. "What the hell," I thought as I grabbed the remote and hit the play button, leaning back on the couch.
"My, my," Janet said.
I started awake. I must have dozed off. I opened my eyes to see a slightly plus-sized woman with enormous natural tits getting stuffed by three big cocks. Her pussy and ass were being stretched by one cock each as she sucked greedily on a cock that can only be described as humongous.
"That looks fun," Janet said again from behind me.
I sat up on the couch and turned to look at Janet. My eyes nearly bugged out of my head. She stood before me wearing the most incredible outfit I'd ever seen. She wore platform, strappy sandals, a pair of daisy duke jean shorts and a paper thin white tank top that reach about halfway down her pregnant stomach. Her huge tits were clearly visible through the thin material of her top. She looked obscenely hot and delicious.
My cock sprang to life.
"Please tell me that's not what you wore to the video store today," I said.
"Why, don't you like it?"
"Are you kidding me, you look more beautiful than words can describe."
"Aw, you're too sweet," she said.
"Seriously though, is that what you wore?"
She smiled. "Yes, sir."
"Holy shit. That poor clerk must have thought he died and went to heaven. Was he sporting a stiffie while he helped you?"
"Oh yes. His cock got very hard. He even asked if I'd like to help him out with it, that pervert."
"And, what did you say," I asked.
"I told him that I belong to a guy named Andy and he was the only one who could authorize me playing with anybody else," she said with a smile.
I rose from the couch and walked toward her.
She put up her hand and said, "Wait. Rules for part 3. You are not allowed to touch me until part 3 starts. You can look, but you can't touch. Understand?"
"Yes ma'am."
"How long was I out for," I asked.
"I don't know baby. I was in the bathroom for almost an hour. So, probably a while."
I looked outside to see that in fact darkness had descended on the evening.
"You ready to go," she asked.
"Yep."
"Follow me, stud."
I followed Janet to the kitchen where she grabbed her keys and her purse. She proceeded to the garage where she got in the driver's seat of her car. I walked around to the passenger side and let myself in. She pushed a button and the garage door opened behind us as she started her car. She backed the car out of the garage, closing the door once we were in the driveway. She then flipped it into drive and proceeded down the driveway and out of the neighborhood. She took a turn away from town, heading out into the country.
"May I ask where we're going," I said.
"Nope."
We drove in silence for the next 20 minutes as we traveled down one country road after another until finally, in the distance, a gas station neon sign lit up the night sky. When Janet saw the sign, she turned her head to me and started talking.
"I was out this way a couple of weeks ago in the evening and stopped for something to drink. The guy working inside was very nice, and pretty cute. We chatted for a minute while he checked me out and he indicated that he worked nights alone and that he had very few customers after dark."
"OK."
"So, we're going to stop for a drink. More specifically, I'm going to stop for a drink. I'm going to go inside, grab a drink and head up to the counter. I'm going to make small talk with him for a minute while he has a chance to take in what I'm wearing. When you think it appropriate, I want you to come inside. He will likely be surprised. Put him at ease. Walk up behind me and wrap your arms around me. What happens after that, as I said earlier, is entirely up to you. You are in charge. Understand?"
Janet guided her car into the gas station parking lot. As advertised, it was very quiet and we were the only customers in the lot. She looked inside through the window. "That's him," she said.
She leaned over and kissed me. "See you in a minute," she said as she turned off the keys, opened the door and proceeded out of the car toward the building. I watched her open the door and enter, saying hello. The look on the guy's face was awesome. His mouth hung open and it was clear he had no idea what to say. Janet walked to the back of the store, open the refrigerator door and fished out a drink. When she turned to head toward the front of the store, her nipples had gotten hard and she was smiling hugely. She said hello again. She approached the counter and rested her round stomach against the edge. Her tits looked like they were about to burst through her top. The poor guy couldn't look her in the face. He stared at her tits and couldn't pull his eyes away. I decided this was my cue. I got out of the car, closed the door quietly behind and headed into the store. When I opened the door, the guy's head whipped toward me and he started stuttering something.
"Hey baby," I said.
Janet turned to me and smiled. "Hi lover."
"How's it going, man," I asked the clerk.
"Uh, good, uh."
"Did you find everything baby," I asked Janet.
"Yeah. Just getting a drink," she said as I walked up behind her and wrapped my arms around her big stomach.
The clerk, trying to sound professional said, "Will there be anything else, ma'am?"
I slowly slid my hands up Janet's stomach until I was cupping both of her huge tits in my hands.
"You are so bad," she said slapping at my hands.
"I'm bad," I said. "You're torturing this poor guy with your slutty little outfit and you're calling me bad."
Janet looked back toward the clerk. "I'm not torturing you, am I," she asked.
"No ma'am."
"He's too polite, baby. I think he at least deserves a better look at your tits if you're going to stand here and tease him like this."
Janet didn't say anything and the guys eyes got huge. I traced my hands back down Janet's stomach until I reached the hem of her tank top. Grabbing it with both hands, I slowly started lifting up the curve of her stomach until I reached the bottom of her tits.
I whispered in Janet's ear, "Ask him if he'd like to see."
Janet obliged. She smiled at the clerk. "Would you like to see," she asked ever so sweetly.
The clerk just nodded.
With that cue, I slowly pulled up the tank top until her huge tits fell out the bottom and a soft moan escaped the clerk's lips. I let go of the shirt and traced my hands back to her nipples, which were rock hard.
"Is this turning you on," I asked her.
"Yes, baby," she said.
"What do you think," I asked the clerk.
"They're incredible. I mean, she's incredible. I mean, you're incredible," he said looking at Janet.
"Thank you," she said.
"Can I tell you a secret," I asked the clerk.
He nodded.
"What my lover here likes better than anything is having guys watch her while she does incredibly dirty things. She's a complete exhibitionist. I mean look at her. Her nipples are rock hard, her mouth is watering. You're just dying to be watched, aren't you, baby?"
"Yes."
I looked back at the clerk. "Is there a back room we can go to so that she can show you what she really likes," I asked.
He pointed over his right shoulder. I noticed his hand shaking.
"Lead the way," I said. Janet left her drink on the counter and followed the clerk around the counter toward the office in the back of the store. The clerk opened the door and turned on the light, revealing an old metal desk, two chairs and some filing cabinets.
"Have a seat," I said to the clerk.
I let go of Janet's hand and went to the other chair, where I had a seat. Janet looked at the clerk, then at me.
"Take off your top," I said. She did as she was told, dropping it to the floor. Her pregnant stomach and tits were now on display for the helpless clerk.
"Now, take off your shorts," I said. Janet unbuttoned, unzipped and then shimmied her shorts to the floor, revealing her hairy bush and sweet little ass. She stood before us in nothing but her sandals.
"Now, come over here, get on your knees and take my cock out," I said. She walked toward me, noticeably bending at the waist so that the clerk could get a good look at her snatch before kneeling down. She unzipped my pants and freed my hard 8 inches. She started pumping it with her fist.
"Suck my cock," I commanded. She plunged her head onto my shaft and started bobbing up and down. I looked at the clerk, who was in stunned silence, staring at her ass and pussy as she blew my cock.
"Stop."
Janet lifted her head and looked at me. The gleam in her eye is something I will never forget as long as I live. She was enjoying herself immensely and was obviously turned on by everything that was happening.
"Stand up and turn around facing our friend."
She turned so that the clerk could enjoy the site of her naked body.
I grabbed her by the hips and pulled her down slowly until my cock rested against her pussy lips. She reached between her legs and slowly moved my cock around to lube up her hole. Then, with surprising force, she sat down on my cock, burying me inside her.
She started bouncing up and down on my cock, really getting into being fucked in front of this handsome stranger. I looked over her shoulder and saw that the guy was rubbing his hard cock through his pants and staring, mouth open, at Janet.
"Do you want to see his cock," I asked her.
"Yes."
On cue, the guy unzipped his pants and pulled out his hard cock. It wasn't as long as mine, but it was very thick. He started stroking it furiously.
"What else do you want, baby," I asked Janet.
"I want to suck it while you fuck me. Can I please suck it Daddy?"
I looked at the clerk. "Give the lady what she wants," I said to him. He jumped from his seat and raced across the room, pushing his cock into her open mouth. She started sucking it and moaning at the pleasure overtaking her.
I could feel Janet's orgasm starting as her body tensed and she moaned through the blowjob she was giving.
"I'm getting close," the clerk said.
"Shoot it on her face," I told him. He nodded in understanding.
He abruptly pulled his cock out of Janet's mouth, giving voice to her moans. She was now screaming. The clerk grunted loudly as cum exploded out of his cock all over Janet's face. Feeling myself getting close, I pushed Janet off me, moved around in front of her, pushed down onto the chair and started jerking off in her face. I came buckets all over her face, which was already covered with the clerk's cum. By the time I was finished, her face was coated and cum dripped down onto her huge tits. She took my cock in her mouth and cleaned it and then stood and kissed my lightly. She leaned close and whispered in my ear, "thank you my love."
The clerk was busy pulling up his pants and putting himself back together. Janet grabbed her scant clothing and put it back on, hiding absolutely nothing.
I shook the clerk's hand and said, "Thanks."
"Thank you," he said. "And thank you," he said to Janet. She flashed him a cum covered smile.
The clerk walked back out to the store while Janet and I finished putting ourselves together. "One thing, baby," I said.
"Anything," she said.
"No cleaning your face until we get home."
She smiled.
We proceeded out of the office toward the store. We waved to the clerk as we passed the front desk moving toward the door. As I opened the front door, an old man approached from outside. I held the door open for him. His eyes bugged out when he saw Janet in her see-through outfit with cum all over her face. She smiled at him and said, "Sorry honey, you just missed a good time." She then walked past him toward the car. She got in the car and started it after I settled into the passenger seat for the ride home.
After a few minutes of driving, I saw a McDonald's in the distance.
"Can we go through the drive thru and grab a drink, baby," I asked her.
She nodded.
"Oh, but one thing first. Take your top off."
She flashed a devilish grin as she shimmied out of her tank top while we pulled into the drive thru. She pulled up to the speaker.
"May I help you please?"
"Yes, can I have a large diet Coke, please," Janet asked.
"That will be $1.57, first window please."
Janet fished in her purse and pulled out two dollars and then pulled around to the first window. She reached the window and the employee had her back to us. When she turned, her jaw dropped. There was Janet, naked from the waist up, face covered in cum, holding out $2 like nothing was amiss. The poor girl took the money, fumbled with the change and then silently handed change to Janet. She couldn't find any words to speak.
Janet pulled forward to the next window where a teenage boy was waiting with the drink already halfway out the window. He wasn't paying much attention as he handed the drink until the last moment when he actually looked at Janet. He almost dropped the drink when he took in the sight of her. Janet took the drink, thanked him and pulled away.
She handed me the drink as she left the parking lot. "You are dirty."
I just smiled.
We drove the rest of the way home in silence, holding hands. Once we were back in the house, Janet went to the bathroom and emerged completely cleaned up, but still naked from the waist up. She walked over to me and hugged me tightly.
"You were amazing," she said. "That was incredible. I was so turned on."
"Me too baby. I loved it."
"Can I ask a question," she said.
"Sure."
"Why didn't you want him to fuck me? That turned you on so much earlier," she said.
"Like you told me before, that pussy belongs to me," I said.
She grabbed my face roughly, pulled me to her and kissed me with a passion that surprised me.
"I love you," she said.
"I love you," I whispered in response.
"See you tomorrow at 3pm?"
"You bet your ass," I said.
"Fitting response given what's in store for you tomorrow," she said with a smile.
After another kiss, I headed toward the door to go home. I couldn't wait to crawl into bed. I was absolutely exhausted and happier than I'd ever been.
...to be continued...