Holy shit it was hot! Just sticky and humid. They had been working in the yard for as long as they could bare it. They were trying to get her flowers in before the impending storm.
Sarah was in a small but comfortable pair of shorts, with a bikini top on. She liked planting flowers but she liked teasing Matt more.
She would bend over at the waist and let her shorts spread her pussy lips. Matt acted like he didn't notice but his thick cock could not keep their secret!
When he was facing her she would lean over and display her ample cleavage. Fuck he loved her big titties! They continued planting until they heard the thunder start to roll and they took a break to see what would happen.
They were standing on the back patio, by the fire pit, when then sky opened up. Neither of them moved, the rain felt wonderful on their hot bodies. It only took a few moments for them to be completely soaked.
It began pouring the rain and the thunder shook the windows of the house. Thankfully the lightening was in the distance but it was still beautiful.
The temperature dropped a good 10 degrees and that was wonderful! Matt walked up behind Sarah and put his hands on her little waist. He leaned down and kissed her neck and she purred. Normally she would have pushed him away because she was sweaty but his lips felt like electricity on her neck.
Matt was just wearing a loose pair of basketball shorts and no shirt. She loved the way he felt pushed up against her. She wiggled her ass a little and felt his instant reaction. He moaned in her ear as blood rushed to his aching cock. She loved turning him on and she knew just what to do.
Matt reached up with both hands and massaged her big beautiful breasts. He was taking his time and working her nipples through the fabric. She let her head fall back against his shoulder as he worked his magic. He kissed and licked her neck as he pulled at her hard nipples. She could feel his cock pressing between her ass cheeks as he got harder.
Matt pulled her little top to the sides, exposing her hard nipples. He massaged her breasts hard with his strong hands. As little as Sarah was, she liked to be handled rough by Matt. She loved the way he made her feel!
Her nipples were aching as was her pretty little pussy. She reached back to stroke his big cock through his shorts. He bit down onto her shoulder where it met her neck and she almost came. That was her spot and Matt knew it! He reached his right hand down her wet shorts until he found her soaking pussy.
He knew it was wet for him and not from the rain. He rubbed her clit with two fingers as he continued sucking on her neck and pulling her left nipple. Sarah didn't even try to hold her orgasm back. Matt had earned this one!
Matt continued rubbing her clit as her orgasm rocked her body, then he slid two fingers in her tight little hole, getting his fingers coated in her delicious juice. He scooped up as much as he could and slid his hand out of her shorts.
He offered her one of his fingers and she sucked it greedily. Sarah loved the way her pussy tasted on Matt's fingers. When she was done, Matt cleaned his other finger. Sarah had the best pussy Matt had ever had and he loved showing her how much he appreciated her, every chance he got.
Sarah turned to face him, looking him dead in his eyes, she untied her top and let it fall to the ground. Not breaking eye contact, she slipped out of her wet shorts and let them fall. She kissed Matt deeply, still tasting her pussy on his tongue.
She kissed down his chiseled chest to his sensitive nipples. He ran his fingers through her hair as her tongue flicked his nipple. She could almost make him cum from this alone. She sucked his nipples and bit them gently until his cock was straining against the fabric of his shorts.
She kissed down his stomach as the rain continued to pour. Sarah dropped to her knees and gently pulled his shorts down. His cock was so hard that it sprung out at her. She never missed a beat, she just ran her tongue around the fat head of his cock, tasting his pre cum.
Matt had the tastiest cock she had ever sucked. She loved how he dripped for her. She really liked laying on her back in bed, with her head hanging over the side. She could take him deeper this way and he could play with her tits and pussy.
Sometimes, when she had her mouth open waiting for his cock, he would squeeze the head until he dripped his pre cum in her mouth. She fucking LOVED this! Then she would run her tongue over his cock head until her lips and tongue glistened with his cum. Then she would swallow his cock.
But today she was on her knees, in the pouring rain, with his cock throbbing so hard it was actually bouncing in front of her. He looked down at her lovingly as she held the base of his cock. She puckered her lips seductively and kissed the head of his cock.
She ran her tongue underneath the head to his favorite spot. He gripped her hair tighter wanting her to take him all the way down her throat. But if Matt knew anything it was to let Sarah suck his cock however she wanted. She stroked his cock lightly as she looked at him.
Rain was pouring down on them but they hardly noticed. She could feel the cool rain running down her pussy and it was amazing! Finally she opens her mouth and takes him in. He almost came right then. Sarah began working her tongue around his cock as she stroked his base. With her other hand she massaged his swollen balls. He was going to cum a lot!
She takes him deeper and strokes him faster, all the while maintaining eye contact. She sucked to the base of his cock and held him there. She loved the feeling of her mouth being full of his cock. He was moaning more now and saying, "Yes Sarah, right there! Please don't stop!"
She sucked him harder and stroked him faster, making popping noises as she came off of his cock. She took her finger and began rubbing just below his balls, every now and then grazing his ass hole. Matt couldn't hold it any longer. His balls tightened and his cock twitched just enough to give Sarah the warning she needed.
His cock erupted in her mouth and she swallowed what she could but she was feeling especially dirty today and had a surprise for Matt. She kept rubbing his spot and sucking his cock until she was sure he was done, then she let his cock slip out of her mouth.
She pushed her beautiful tits together and let his cum spill out onto her tits. She had saved quite a bit of his cum for her dirty show. His eyes lit up when he saw what she was doing. After she had it all out, she rubbed it into her tits. Matt stood her up and kissed her deep.
What a perfect way to enjoy a storm!