I moved to the Netherlands a few years ago from the UK to live with a Dutch woman I met whilst travelling. She introduced me to the spas and saunas that are in and around the city of Amsterdam. There is a big difference between the ones I had visited at home in the UK and my experiences here. Firstly, the spas here are much bigger and secondly, they forbid the wearing of swimwear, meaning that they are all nude.
This took some getting used to when I moved, but my girlfriend was totally cool with stripping off in the mixed sex changing rooms and donning a dressing gown before entering the facility.
Whilst I was initially quite worried about what it was like, within a short time I got used to both wandering around naked and seeing people nude. The one in Amsterdam I frequent has bodies of all shapes and sizes. At one end of the spectrum there are rowers from the nearby Olympic training venue who are young, buff and beautiful. At the other end there are retirees who go with their partners or friends. On top of that there are often mothers out with their daughters, same-sex couples and men and women who are there on their own.
The spa is huge. In the main building there are footbaths, three or four saunas, plunge pools, rest rooms, a steam room and a couple of jacuzzies. The centre piece is a swimming pool that starts indoors and extends out into the garden that must be at least 60m in length. In the garden there are dozens of sun loungers around the pool and at the far end a large round open air jacuzzi that is big enough for 20 or more people. Circling the jacuzzi is a much smaller building that contains more saunas, a WC, and a large steam room.
My girlfriend and I spend a beautiful day there relaxing, spending time in various parts of the facility as well as reading on the sun loungers.
In the late afternoon my girlfriend fell asleep reading her book and I decided I needed a pee so head off towards the end of the garden to use the facilities. Having done that, I was tempted by the jacuzzi so rather than heading back, slid in. Unlike most jacuzzies that force you to sit on some sort of step, this one was sculped into a curve in a way that meant that you lay almost flat in the bubbles. Guests' heads rested on the edge of what was basically a large shallow bowl, with feet pointing towards the centre. It a gorgeous summer day in August, so the place was quite full and there were only one or two spaces left in the jacuzzi.
I had taken a spot opposite the steps quite deliberately so that I was able to see people coming and going. A couple stepped out -- they both had beautiful bodies and was transfixed by the guy's bubble butt and his girlfriend's soft curves. She was shaved, so I could see the outline of her labia through her thigh gap as she got out. Next up four people stepped in -- they were a mixed sex group that obviously knew each other well and were comfortable in each other's company. They laughed and chatted as they got in. A few more people got in and as space was running out, the people around me shuffled up to accommodate the newcomers.
That was when I felt it. A brush against the side of my thigh as my neighbour adjusted his position. Having watched people coming and going for a while, my cock was semi hard, but luckily also covered by the bubbles of the jacuzzi. The brush appeared non-sexual in nature, but nonetheless took me by surprise.
I thought nothing of it but rather went back to daydreaming and body watching. A few minutes later, I was brushed again from the same side. This time, rather than feeling a hand or an arm that was placed accidently and removed quickly, the hand appeared to linger. It felt like the person beside me had rather slowly and quite deliberately slid the outside of his hand down my thigh.
I looked across to see who had done it and found my neighbour staring straight forward like nothing had happened. He was buff, late 30s, and blond. Whilst most of his body was under water, the bit I could see oozed sex. The muscles across his neck and chest were developed and his clean shaved face looked lean. I wondered if I had just imagined the touch, since there wasn't even a glimmer of recognition on his face that anything untoward had occurred.
I decided that maybe it was an accident, but also knew that my body had started to respond to being touched. My cock was stiffening under the water and was being massaged gently by the streams of the jacuzzi. I tried to focus on anything but what had happened to avoid my now almost fully erect cock breaking through the surface of the water and betraying me.
It was then that I started to wonder where his arm was. Although masked by the jets of the jacuzzi, I became aware that the side of my thigh appeared to be getting touched, with almost imperceptible softness by the guy beside me. It was so soft that I wondered if I was imagining it. But the possibility that he was trying to come on to me got me harder than ever.
At this point the bubbles stopped. The jacuzzi worked on about a 20-minute cycle and it was necessary for one of the guests to push a button to start it up again. I was aware that my cock would be pretty obvious in the flat water, so hoped that someone would get the pumps running again.
After a few seconds, nobody had pressed the button so I was starting to feel a little panicked. Then my neighbour sat up. He very deliberately looked towards my crotch area, before making eye contact, his left eyebrow up an almost imperceptibly small amount with a cheeky smile darting across his face. This all happened in a fraction of a second before he moved forwards to press the start button on the jacuzzi.
As he returned to his position, his arm ran the length of my thigh, starting around my knee and finishing around my bum. Again he stared straight ahead as if nothing happened, and again it got my cock raging.
At this point the neighbours on my other side decided to leave. It left me in a quandary. I was enjoying these brushes with my neighbour, but was not 100% sure whether he was coming on to me or not. I was also in a mixed spa where sexual contact was clearly off limits, so didn't know how to reciprocate or how far things would go. I also knew that my girlfriend was less than 20m from me asleep or reading a book. I wanted to stay close to him since it was a fun game, but on the other hand there was a large space to my right from the guys who just left. Not filling the gap would look slightly odd given how tightly packed the jacuzzi had become.
So I decided the best thing to do was to turn over. Although designed to be used face up, I noticed that occasionally others would flip over onto their front in the jacuzzi, and that seemed like a good solution. I could make a move without looking unfriendly, keep within arm's reach of my neighbour, whilst at the same time hide my hard cock.
So that's what I did. I turned over slowly, rotating towards my neighbour as I did so to take another look at him. Again he appeared lifeless, not moving, and with his eyes closed. I presumed then that he was done, or maybe I had made the whole thing up right until the point when I finished rotating.
Then I felt his hand. This time it wasn't brushing against me but rather he'd moved his whole arm out and it was lying where I was about to come to rest. As I rotated my body, and relaxed back into the water, my cock didn't touch the bottom of the jacuzzi but rather it was cupped by his outstretched hand.
My hands were under my chin, keeping my head above the water at this point so there was really nothing I could do but to enjoy it. And this guy knew his way around. He started to massage my cock, squeezing my shaft before taking my head in his fingers and thumbs. He massaged my foreskin over my cock in a circular motion which sent shivers of pleasure across my body. He then returned to my shaft before squeezing and massaging my balls.
This continued for some time. His hand moved freely across my body, gently caressing my peritoneum, sliding over my anus, before returning to my cock shaft. He seemed to be able to tune into my pleasure and apply just the right amount of pressure to my cock, balls and butt.
I looked around and on the face of it, nothing had changed in the jacuzzi. People were still chatting, moving about and the bubbles and the jets of water were still swirling. The only difference was that my cock was being massaged and squeezed by something of an expert. Slowly the extraneous stimulation drained from my consciousness as I focussed in on my pleasure. His hands moved freely, leaving my cock as he rubbed across my stomach before caressing and squeezing my sensitive nipples then returning to my cock and balls.
At this point in my life, I knew that I had a nascent exhibitionist side, but it was not something I'd explored. Now it was hitting me square on. I was loving the fact that I was doing something wrong, something naughty, a taboo. Being aroused in public, surrounded by people. It made me throb and stiffen more as I revelled in our dirty little secret.
His expert touches in combination with all these people around me heightened my pleasure. The way he was delicately playing with my body was bringing me close to orgasm. Of course, he was aware of that, so he started to play with me and edge me. As he felt my cock stiffen and start to tense against his hand, ready to come, he'd back off. His hand would wander, the intensity would lessen. His touch became light and distracted, his fingers moving away from my body.
I tried to respond by pushing my body against his hand, but there is a limit to what you can do in a public jacuzzi, and he knew it. Then as my energy subsided, he would come back hard again. A finger traced from my anus across my balls to my cock head. Squeezing, a sense of urgency. He knew how to play me and he was enjoying the game. My eyes closed, everything that wasn't his hand on my body got pushed to the back of my consciousness as I revelled in the attention he was giving me.
Then I felt something new. A new hand, on the other side of my body. My girlfriend.
"Hey," she said. "Where did you go?"
Her voice bought me back into the real world instantaneously. "I went for a pee, but got distracted by the bubbles," I replied. "You've been asleep for ages."
She slid in beside me and clearly wanted a chat, so I decided it was time to turn the other way up. Whilst she chatted about the latest chapter of her book, I was aware that my friend's hand was now under my bum and gently caressing me. I decided to return the favour, so slid my hand towards his body, my fingers coming to rest in his bum crack. I started to gently finger him there, my fingertips sliding up and down his crack, focussing on his anus, before moving back to some more general stimulation. I managed to very discretely extend my arm so that I could reach around under his body to his balls, and so started to touch and squeeze them too.
As she settled, I allowed my hand to gently float across to my girlfriend as we chatted and was rewarded by a nice smile from her. What she didn't know was that my other hand was doing the same to my new friend. As she chatted away, I decided I needed to explore his body more so moved my hand from underneath him. I explored his hip bone and abs before my moving towards his cock.
As my hand drifted there, I noticed the complete absence of pubic hair, which I expected. My hand slid across his pubic bone, left and right before I went lower toward his cock. What I wasn't expecting was the thickness of his cock. I am fairly well endowed at 23cm or about 9 inches, but my cock is a normal thickness. I couldn't touch my index finger against my thumb when holding him his girth was so large. It felt rock hard against my hand and felt pleasingly meaty to touch.
We sat like that for another two cycles or so of the jacuzzi. My girlfriend settled with her eyes closed, with me and the boy exploring each other's bodies, bums, cocks, balls.
"Sweetheart," my girlfriend called, "I have my massage in 20 minutes and I need a drink, shall we go get something?"
Shit. That woke me up with a start. There wasn't a chance in high heaven that I could walk out of the jacuzzi in my current state without being spotted and thrown out of the place. I pulled my hand off my friend and grabbed his wrist sharply, pushing it off my body. Playtime was over and I needed to think fast.
I decided that the only thing to do was to delay getting out as much as I could, so engaged in a conversation with my girlfriend about what she might want to drink and whether we sit in the restaurant or order from the sun loungers. Slowly my cock subsided as we chatted, and eventually my girlfriend decided that the drinks service was likely to be too slow to be on time for the massage, so she was going to head straight there. I pointed out that they offered a drink in the waiting area, so it would be possible to head up there now and have a drink before the treatment.
She agreed, and moved towards the jacuzzi stairs. I stared at her naked body as she climbed out. She was beautiful, her curved body hard in the right places from the sports she played. She had a certain masculinity to her swagger that was wrapped in a delicate feminine touch which I totally loved. She had a better six-pack than me from her cross fit training and the running and cycling we did together. I looked around and notices that she was getting some admiring glances from a couple of guys and at least one girl: it made me smile that she turned at least one or two heads as she stepped out.
However, what was really interesting for me was this guy I'd just met. I was hoping that our playtime might resume after she left, but it appeared that my friend was also heading out. I was feeling disappointed as I watched him leaving the jacuzzi.
Aside from his head, he was completely hairless and he had a certain elegant beauty about him that was adorable. In fact he had what I would call the perfect body. I am not into bodies that have been curated in a gym. Usually it's done only for the purposes of Instagram, and when you see pictures like that, you realise that the person who is taking the selfie is in fact in love with themselves. Rather I go for guys who have active lifestyles. This guy did -- he clearly cycled or ran -- possibly a triathlete - since he had beautiful calves and muscular thighs. His body pulled in at the waist and his back looked stunning. I love the muscle valley around the spine, and his was well developed. As he climbed the steps I noticed his cock and balls hanging low under his bum, his body sparkled in the summer sunshine. It was just a shame that it was headed in the wrong direction!
After he left, I decided to exit the jacuzzi and find something else to occupy myself with since it felt rather empty. Getting out, I headed for the nearby steam room. It was the first time I had been in there, so it was difficult to see how it was laid out. There appeared to be a couple of benches facing each other as you walked in, followed by a circular area at the end. I picked up a hose and a squeegee and cleaned an area before sitting in the steam.
As my eyes adjusted, I was aware of a man and woman opposite me, but the steam was so thick that I could only really make out their bodies in silhouette.
In the next couple of minutes, a couple of guys walked in spaced by a minute or so, and they ended up sitting in the ring closer to the couple than me.
When the couple left, I noticed out the corner of my eye that one of the guys started to rub his cock. At first, just a brush, and then a bit more of a tug. This was not something I'd seen before, and was done so subtly that it could easily have been someone who was scratching an itch. Then the guy near him did something similar -- but seemed to be spending more time rubbing his hand across his dick. I wondered, was this some sort of signal? Could it be that they were cruising a straight sauna? Surely that wasn't possible.
I was intrigued by what I'd seen. Also a little anxious, but again the exhibitionist side of me kicked in and I felt my cock swelling at the idea that we could all be hard in a public sauna. So I decided to follow suit, to see what would happen. Rather than be subtle, I quite obviously and deliberately rubbed my cock too. Not in a way that suggested I was itchy or that I was gently brushing it, but rather I took my shaft in my fist and started to masturbate myself. It was already half hard, so it didn't take much for it to go fully erect.
The guys saw this as evidence that they were amongst friends, so they moved closer to each other so they were sitting side by side on the bench. At first they started rubbing their own cocks before switching so that they were rubbing each other's dicks. It was difficult to see with clarity what was going on through the steam, but I was getting very hard.
Then the door to the steam room opened. The guys separated, going back to their previous position. I lifted the leg closest to the door up to hide my hard cock from view, trying to shield myself from the attention of the newcomer.
However, the guy who just walked in was my friend from the jacuzzi and seeing me he sat down right beside me. When I realised it was him, I dropped my leg back onto the bench revealing my fully stiff cock, hoping that he might once again wank me. But he had other ideas. Without bothering to check whether the other guys were in on the game, he knelt before me and pushed my legs wide open and up before taking my cock in his mouth. He then pulled me forward by my thighs until my bum was on the edge of the bench as he continued to suck me.
This gave him the space he needed. He sucked my cock whilst his hands got to work on me. One of his hands massaged my balls, whilst the other started to trace a line into my bum crack. I'd been in the steam room long enough for my body to be slick with sweat and he used it to lube by bum as he touched me. This got the other guys animated. One got on all fours behind him and started to rub his cock into his butt crack whilst he reached over to caress my thighs. The other ran his fingers over my nipples with one hand, whilst with the other he wanked the part of my cock that was not buried in my friend's mouth.
From being anxious at the start of the day that a naked spa might be a bit daunting, I found myself having sex with three perfect strangers whose names I didn't know. It was hot, and I indulged myself in their desire to pleasure me, pulling my friends mouth onto my cock, urging him to go balls deep on me.
At that point the door clicked open again, and a couple walked in. My friend sat beside me whilst the other two scooted back to their side of the room as quickly as they could. The couple had a conversation in Dutch about where to sit and ended up a bit away from us near the exit. This meant that my friend was sat in-between me and the couple, so he was able to furtively squeeze my cock and balls as he sat there, his movement obscured by the steamy atmosphere. For my part, I moved my hand around his lower back so I could touch him.
Whilst this was fun, by this stage I was feeling uncomfortably hot so needed to retreat from the room. I ventured outside the room gingerly. First I picked up the hose to wash down the area I was sitting, before training the jet of water onto my cock. Hoping that nobody would see my still semi-hard dick, I stepped out the steam room into an adjacent one in which there with an ice maker. I grabbed a fistful to rub over my body and another to soothe my pulsating cock. I hoped that I could soothe my raging hard on and then get back to see my girlfriend, realising that this dangerous game had run its course.
Then, just as I had finished, the door to the room clicked open and my friend was standing there, his body slick with sweat and his deliciously thick cock on display. He gesturing me to follow him, slipped his towel around his waist and headed towards the WC. I followed suit a few seconds later and saw him standing in a cubicle with the door slightly open. Checking to make sure that nobody followed me in, I entered and clicked the door locked. Turning around, I saw my friend was already naked in front of me and so I followed suit, peeling my towel off. Our cocks touched and my friend started jerking our cocks together.
Nothing turns me on more than a little frottage, and feeling this guys incredibly thick cock against mine was just breath-taking. I reached up to join his hand and the two of us jerked each other off in a building and synchronised rhythm.
He was slightly shorter than me -- I am 195cm, so his cock was below mine. But despite that I could still see his cock sticking out since it was considerably thicker, although probably a few centimetres shorter than mine.
It became clear that we both wanted the same thing -- to suck each other's cocks, although I got the idea first so knelt in front of him. His cock smelt good, looked good, and tasted good as I took him in my mouth. I savoured the moment, pulling back his foreskin and running my tongue across his sensitive head before feeding his cock slide into my mouth. He held my head gently, knowing that with a tool that big face fucking someone is likely to choke them.
I massaged his balls as I sucked on his cock. His cock really was thick and meaty. The blue veins running down his shaft were working hard to keep his cock hard. He held my head tenderly and let me take his cock, squirming a little as my fingers explored his bum.
But after a while it was clear that he was becoming impatient and wanted to take my cock in his mouth. He pulled me into the standing position, kissed my lips before kneeling before me. But rather than just take me in his mouth, he played with me. Letting my cock rest on his forehead, run across his eyebrows, eyes and nose. At one point he squeezed a huge drop of cum out my cock and he wiped it off with his finger before offering it to me to lick off.
He then focussed on wanking me, double handed with one fist near my balls, the other on my head. His tongue played on the underside of my shaft, zoning in on my sensitive frenulum.
His tongue continued its dance on my cock as one hand, then the other reached through my legs to attach to my buttocks. Looking up, he smiled, arched his eyebrows upwards playfully then took my cock in his mouth. As he did that he pushed me backwards so my butt was against the wall of the WC, meaning I couldn't face fuck him, even if I wanted to.
It was clear why -- he wanted to do all the work. He had a beautiful rhythm and started to work up and down my shaft. It was heavenly, and as he worked, I felt him fingering my hole. I was still slick with sweat, and he used it to lube my bum as he started to finger fuck me.
My friend started to take me deeper. Then mouth open, he slowed his sucking. One of the issues I have had in my life up until that point is that I have never deep throated someone. With a 23cm cock, maybe that's not surprising, but one thing I really wanted to experience was going balls deep on someone sucking me. He looked up at me and I could see his face break into a smile, even though it was full of my cock. Slowly, he inched his face forward onto me, maintaining eye contact. I knew then that my little fantasy was about to come true and felt my cock pulse with excitement. He pushed onto my cock some more, his mouth wide open. I felt a little resistance at first and then a breakthrough as my cock went through the narrowing of his throat. Somehow he had managed to take me balls deep, so my whole cock was buried in his mouth. I could see that he was straining to allow this to happen, but that made it all the more delicious for me.
I started to groan, but then was aware that there was someone outside using the facilities so had to stifle my pleasure. Again, the thought of having sex in a semi-public place got me hornier than ever.
As he impaled himself on my cock, I could feel his fingers probe me. He was incredibly skilled at this and was gentle with what he was doing. All I was aware of was that someone was sucking my cock in the most beautiful way I had ever experienced whilst gently and skilfully fingering my hole.
In hindsight, it was lucky that he'd pushed me against the wall or I'd have crumbled because as I grew closer to coming I grew weak at the knees. Again he noticed that I was going to shoot so once again he moderated his fingering and sucking to take the edge off my pleasure before building it again.
Then he did something unexpected. He grabbed my hand and directed it towards my bum. To start with I wondered if he wanted me to splay my hole out for him, but rather than do that he got me to wrap my hand around the fingers that he was fucking me with. I got quite the shock -- I was expecting one, or possibly two fingers inside me, perhaps up to the first knuckle.
What I found was that he had all four fingers inside me, and quite a long way. So not only was he an expert sucker, he was clearly also great at fingering. He saw my eyes widen as I realised how much of his hand he had inside me, and then maintained eye contact as he slowly eased his fingers out.
I felt a loss, almost a shock as I was emptied. I knew then I needed some more finger fucking, so went to pull his hand back into me. He shook his head as much as he could with my cock inside his mouth. Then he stood, flipped me round and pushed me so I was bent double over the WC.
Until that point I had only had anal with a guy once, and then as a top. Although I had fucked girls anally many times, it wasn't something that I had particularly looked for with guys. My sole experience of being fucked was with an ex girl-friend who enjoyed using her vibrator on me, although it was about half the size of my cock. So there I was, bent over, red hot with horniness but at the age of 43, still an anal virgin.
Whilst I had a desperate need to feel filled up again, I felt huge concerns about the size of his cock. I reached around to take in in my hand and confirmed what I already knew -- his cock was at least as thick as a decent sized cucumber. I was simultaneously incredibly turned on by his girth as well as being overwhelmed by the thought of it inside me. It was so thick, so meaty that I was worried that this was too much for someone about to lose their anal virginity.
However, my horniness overcame my fear, so I pushed my bum into the air, playing back in my mind all those porn videos I'd seen when actors did just that. I reached around to help guide him in hoping he would be gentle and considerate. My girlfriend was an anal virgin when I met her. She read up on certain tricks and tips you need to know to enjoy anal. She learned to take things slow, and to breathe. When we first had anal together, she coached me to slide in slowly. I followed her breaths, and she told me how she learned to squeeze her muscles against my cock to help entry.
And so that's what I did with him, although this time I was on the receiving end. I took big breaths, pulsing my muscles against his cock, feeling him slide in millimetres at a time. I felt an overwhelming combination of heat, pain and pleasure as he entered me. Whilst I had no real desire before that day to lose my anal virginity, it just felt so right. He was kissing and licking my neck and ear as he entered me. One hand wrapped around my waist, the other wanking my cock and squeezing my balls.
And that's how he made me come. As his thick cock opened me up, his head pushed hard against my prostrate. In combination with him wanking me and kissing my ear, I shot a huge and unexpected load, letting out a huge groan as I did. He caught most of my load in his hand, but I was also aware cum was dripping onto the WC seat and into the water.
My orgasm set set him off so he started to fuck me harder and deeper. I was in cock heaven and was pushing back against his pulsating dick as much as I could, urging him to go deeper. His rhythm built as he fucked me, and my horniness did too. I was desperate for more cock, so pushed back hard against him.
There were so many firsts here. First time in a naked sauna, first time having sex in public, first anal sex. My head was swimming with pleasure at his body.
Whilst he started slowly, there was more urgency to his fucking now. His arms wrapped me up -- one around my waist, the other round my neck. I felt deliciously dirty, like a sex toy as he squeezed the breath out of me and fucked me harder and deeper.
That's when I was aware that his stomach was slapping against my back; he managed to get balls deep in me. I reached through my legs to confirm what I already knew, and felt his balls slapping against my hand as he fucked me. I knew that this was special -- losing your virginity always is. But I also knew that he had ruined the opportunity I had to enjoy anal with any other guy. Because I would always be comparing whatever I had with this beautiful sensual guy with his thick meaty cock fucking me in a public place.
His rhythm built and did my best to get into step with his pace. I pushed back against his cock whenever I felt him thrusting into me, breathing hard as I did. I could feel sweat trickling across my body, my face flush with pleasure and heat.
Then I felt his cock shaft and balls start to pulsate and I knew he was ready to come. I steadied myself for him, pinching my nipples hard with one hand and bracing myself against the wall with the other. He came hard: quietly and yet powerfully. His thick meat pulsated, leaving 10 or 12 ropes of come deep inside me. His grip on my body loosened, yet I felt that he wanted that connection to remain so he didn't let go of me completely.
We stood there for what seemed like a long time with his cock still inside me. It was not clear to me whether this was something he did a lot, or whether my presence there overwhelmed him. All I knew was that I had offered myself to him and got an unexpected if delicious fucking, losing my virginity to a perfect stranger.
As his cock shrunk, he started withdrawing himself from my body. My legs were wobbling as he did this, and as he popped out I felt his warm come in my slippery bum hole.
He then bent down to pick up his discarded towel, licking his hand clean of the cum I had left on it. He then went down on my bum, licking his come off my body before standing up, wrapping himself up in his towel and sliding out the door of the cubicle. I locked it behind me, shut the toilet lid and sat down to contemplate what just happened. My head was spinning and I felt a little dizzy. I had entered the sauna a virgin, and had just been taken by a beautiful, perfect stranger.
Sitting there alone, I started to chill; my body was still sweaty and the cool air of the WC was making it uncomfortable for me. I was not quite ready to return to my girlfriend so decided that I would return to the steam room to warm myself, hoping to go through what happened in my head some more.
I entered the steam doom and sat down starting to play back the scene in my head. I was sitting on the steam room bench with one leg raised, my foot resting beside my bum. My hand started to touch my cock again, and in a few moments, I was starting to finger fuck myself as I re-lived what it felt like to lose my virginity.
Then the door clicked open and two guys walked in. Although I couldn't be sure, it looked like the two who had been here earlier. I am sure that they were hoping to finish off what they started and have some fun together. Once again they sat opposite me. Because of the poor visibility, they hadn't worked out that I was a familiar face so started the whole pantomime of briefly touching their cocks. Rather than follow suit, I stood up and simply sat down between them, pushing them apart slightly to find my place.
When seated, my hands reached out to their dicks. They were already semi-hard, and it didn't take me long to get them fully erect. In return, I had hands and lips all over my body as they explored me from top to bottom. This was getting seriously hot and my hardness grew quickly.
As I wanked them off I noticed that one guy had a cock that was considerably longer than the other. That got me thinking -- which one would I rather be fucked with. Obvious, really, when you think about it.
So I wasted no time in mounting the bigger of the two cocks. I half stood up, and with his cock in my hand moved across, sitting until I impaled myself on his cock. I did this quickly, without asking, or even gesturing that it was a possibility. It felt deliciously dirty to just take a cock and sit on it, filthy even. Particularly given that my ass was lubed by the jizz of someone who had come inside me not 10 minutes previously. It felt good to be a cum whore in a semi-public place and the idea that I was being fucked by another guy who's name I didn't even know was turning me on massively.
The guy's mate wanted to get in on the action too, so stood in front of me hoping for a hand job or blow job. On the one hand, this was something I wanted too, so was happy to oblige, but on the other, I didn't want to waste his cum on my body or in my mouth. I needed him to blow inside me.
So I worked hard on the guy who I was sitting on. I gyrated my hips as hard as I could and made exaggerated grunting sounds as I fucked him. He was loving it and started to grunt too, suggesting that he was ready to come. Whilst his cock was nowhere near as meaty and thick as the one I had just had, it felt nice to be the one in charge. I was able to ride him the way I wanted. I alternated long strokes where I raised myself until his cock was almost out my arse before sitting down on him till he was balls deep, with shorter quicker strokes. He was clearly loving it and was moaning with pleasure, his hands on my nipples and running over my stomach.
I could see that our fucking was setting his mate off and that he wanted to come either in my mouth or across my chest. So I had to slow down my hand job to a point when he could no longer come, since I had other plans for his seed. But at the same time fucking another dick like fury so I could take another load of come up my bum.
The guy underneath me shot a nice load up my bum -- not as big as the first load, but still I felt his cock tense and twitch as he emptied himself into me. He groaned as he came, and I was rewarded with the feeling of hot come in my arse.
His mate was watching wide-eyed and his front row seat of our fucking got him within a whisper of coming. He was trying his best to face fuck me since desperately needed to come, but I was having none of it. I opened my mouth wide so he couldn't connect with my lips or throat; he needed to wait till I was ready.
I dismounted the guy who'd just fucked me; he was disposable and my time with him had run its course. I needed hard cock, not a flaccid one. So I worked on the guy in front of me.
I took his cock out my mouth and pushed him into the sitting position on the bench. I noticed there was some hesitancy on his face as he sat down, he was unsure what was going to happen next. Maybe he had boundaries? If he had a girlfriend and didn't fancy anal sex? It was possible that he went looking for jerk and suck fun, but no fucking? I knew that I had done that a few times when I'd been to cruising grounds.
didn't care. I could see in his eyes that he wasn't sure what was happening was a good idea, but I didn't care. His resistance was crumbling. He wasn't thinking with his head; little brain was doing the processing at this point.
Unlike the other guy who I took reverse cowboy, I mounted him so that I could face him. I could sense that he was close to coming. Our eye contact created an intense connection, his mouth open in surprise as I sat on his cock. He was so close to coming that he unloaded as I sat on his cock. He came silently, breathlessly, and I cupped his head against my shoulder as I felt him filling me with his seed.
His mate was still sitting on the bench, watching the scene unfold, his hand absentmindedly squeezing his semi-hard cock. Not that I am a size queen, but his cock looked bigger and better looking than the guy who was inside me. So I moved back over to him, straddling his lap and squeezing his cock back into my hole. He loved the fact that someone was using his semi-hard cock to pleasure themselves and so leaned into the process as I fucked him once again. His mate, who was probably feeling the first pangs of guilt upped and left at this point, leaving the two of us together alone.
It was clear that his cock wasn't hard enough for some serious fucking so we were just sitting there together when the door clicked open once again.
I dismounted and sat a few steps away from my buddy as a couple of women walked in. Through the gloom, I noticed that one of them was my girlfriend. She had found someone to talk to -- presumably a work colleague. Whilst I recognised her voice, she didn't see me through the gloom so I sat there in silence going over what had happened whilst absent-mindedly finger fucking myself. I noticed that I had been stretched so much and that I could easily fit three fingers in.
Things started to get a little bit dicey. On the one hand I was overheating and needed to get out, but on the other, I knew that if I walked past her, my girlfriend would instantly recognise me. I compromised by taking the cleaning hose and running cold water over my body, hoping to delay my exit as long as possible.
After a time my girlfriend and her colleague left, and I was once again alone in the steam room. I grabbed the hose and again cooled myself off, deciding I'd wait a minute before leaving myself. The cool water ran over my body, a much-needed foil to the heat of the steam room. As I ran the water around my nakedness, a naughty thought crossed my mind. Why not cool myself from the inside as well as the outside? I had never douched before, but the thought of having a hose up my bum and filling myself with cool water got my cock stirring omce again. I had read about the benefits of a douche and having been fucked three times in quick succession decided I needed some cleaning.
So gently, tentatively, I pushed the nozzle against my bum. It slid in quite easily, so I then turned the tap on just a little, squatting on the floor and waiting. I could feel the liquid trickling inside me. It felt good so I turned the tap open some more, and the trickle turned into a stream. The feeling of cold water inside me got me a little harder and a bit more turned on, so I decided to enjoy it a little longer. I had read somewhere that you need to feel like you're 'full' before stopping, so that's what I decided to do. Then my horniness got the better of me and I decided to turn the tap on some more.
Again, I felt the stream run a little harder, and I got another kick as the water filled me up again. There was something addictive about it. Feeling full, like you want to stop, then daring yourself to take some more, and being rewarded with a pleasurable feeling of getting fuller.
Eventually I decided to stop, but then let the seconds tick by, just to make sure that I was making the most of this opportunity. With my stomach seemingly sticking out and hard, I decided that enough was enough, so turned the tap off and stood up.
I also read was that you needed to have the liquid inside you as long as possible. So I decided to head to the WC and wait. I exited the steam room area, knowing that the WC was a few steps away when I bumped into my girlfriend.
"Hey," she said, "I was looking for you!"
"I was looking for you too!" I replied.
"Well, aren't you going to ask me how my massage was?" she asked quizzically.
Of course, I'd love to know all about her massage, and in any other circumstances I would have asked. But at this point in time, it felt like I was about to explode. My stomach was bulging and it took all my concentration not to let the water flow out in a big puddle under me.
"Sure," I said, "let's talk about it. But first, I am desperate for the loo, so I need to go there."
I started to walk off, but she stopped me, asking if I could fill her water bottle. She fished around in her bag for what seemed like an hour trying to find it, whilst I felt a few dribbles of water course down my leg. Eventually, she found it and I walked off to the WC as quickly as I could, entering the first cubicle I saw and locking the door behind me.
What happened next is not for the faint hearted and is best not committed to paper, but suffice to say that I returned cleaned out and several kg lighter than when I arrived. When I got back, she informed me that she had bumped into a work colleague called Femke, and that they had been catch up.
"How nice," I replied, "is she here alone?"
"No, she's with her new boyfriend who I'm really excited to meet. We are going to go say hi to them -- they're in the jacuzzi now." She replied.
So that's what we did. We slid back into the jacuzzi. She sat beside her friend, and they chatted away, whilst their men were on their outside of the conversation with nobody to speak to. This arrangement suited me, but after a while my girlfriend suggested that I sit beside Femke's boyfriend so I could get to know him.
So I did. Well, I faked it at least. I already knew a lot about her boyfriend. How he likes touching guys in jacuzzis. His ability to deep throat a 23cm cock. His massively thick dick. How he likes to fuck other guys up the arse, and then lick them clean. In fact the only thing I didn't know about him was his name. It's Jan, by the way, in case you're interested.
By this stage, the sky was darkening and it was getting late. The place was thinning out. So, whilst our girlfriends chatted beside us, Jan and I faked getting to know each other. Whilst we did that, we started touching each other under the bubbles.
I made him come first. I jerked that lovely fat cock of his with one hand whilst massaging his balls with the other. I watched his eyes glaze and narrow slightly whilst he pulsed thick ropes of cum into the jacuzzi whilst our girlfriends chatted beside us.
Then it was my turn. I again let his hands flow freely over my body. Felt his fingers slide gently into my bum, and across my buttocks. I tried my best to hold his gaze and keep my expression neutral as he built me to another amazing orgasm.
And then he did it again. Backed off. Took me to the edge and then backed off. Again. This was his game, this is what he liked doing. He loved edging guys and teasing them. My eyes shot a look of hate at him -- this was neither the time nor the place. Get on with it, for fucks sake.
He read my face and so increased his intensity again and I relaxed into it, expecting to shoot a load into the water of the jacuzzi. My balls tightened and my cock flexed and just as I was about to come, Jan eased off again.
"You're such a dick", I said. This time I had verbalised my thought process, and then worried that the girls may have overheard.
Furious, I sat up and started to head out the jacuzzi, telling my girlfriend I was off for a wander. I was still hard, but it was late, getting dark and there were only a few people around. The chances of being spotted were slim and even if I was, I didn't care. I decided to find a quiet corner to finish myself off before returning to the girls. I had spotted a potential place earlier in the day. On the opposite side of the jacuzzi from the steam room there was a wood-fired sauna. It was as hot as stink in there and lit only by the flames of the fire. That would be perfect, nobody stayed there very long so it was bound to be empty, and it was so dingy in there that I could get away with a quick wank without anyone noticing.
So I got in, headed for the darkest corner of the room, put out my towel and lay down. My cock was still semi hard, so I focussed on the job in hand, playing back the earlier scenes of debauchery to get myself off. But then it happened, just I was about to come, the click of the door opening. I closed my eyes, quickly flicked my towel over my cock and lay flat, hoping that whoever it was didn't see me masturbating.
I head someone shuffle in but decided to play dead. Hopefully they would fuck off soon enough. And then I felt it, a hand on my towel, rubbing my cock. It was Jan, he'd come to find me. I looked up at him as he wanked me. I wondered if I could trust him. Would he let me come, or start edging me again.
"Jan, really, do you think I'm that fucking stupid?" I asked as he pulled my towel back and started to wank me off. Rather than answer, he bent over to take my cock in his mouth. Maybe I can trust him, I thought, and he does give good head, so I just need to lean into it.
After a few minutes of doing this, he spun his body round so he could grind his cock into my face. A 69 would be fun, I thought. But again, I wondered if I could trust him? His cock was still only semi-hard since I'd made him come just a few minutes ago, so whilst it was nice to suck, it wasn't doing that much for me. So whilst he sucked me off, I manoeuvred his body so that I could lick his ass. At first I fingered him, then added my tongue, playing up his peritoneum, across his ball sack and then onto his anus. He was groaning and clearly liked it so then I did to him what he did to me. I stopped. This got him frustrated so he started to try to rub his ass into my face. I laughed and pushed him off, sitting up on the bench.
"Frustrating, isn't it?" I said. I sat up on the bench of the sauna and told him that if he wanted to be pleasured, he'd need to sit on my cock. I could see his smile fade a little. He clearly liked to top, to take control, and to play games. I was turning the tables on him.
He hesitated for a moment, so I grabbed him by his cock and started to pull him onto my lap. He resisted so I stood up, walked him over the handrail beside the fire and lined my cock up against his arsehole.
I knew this was dangerous -- we'd moved away from the dingy corner and were now in full view of the door. Anyone who turned the corner would be confronted by two naked guys fucking each other. Yet rather than putting me off, the risk of getting caught got me even harder. I knew I needed to give Jan a quick and dirty fuck before we were caught. I wanted to -- I needed to get revenge for his endless teasing and the fact that he wasn't going to like it made me even more horny.
So that's what I did. I pushed his head down roughly so he was bent double. I spat on my cock and then on his arse. And I proceeded to fuck him. Whilst he gave me time to accommodate his massive dick in my virgin ass, I didn't give him that luxury. I guessed that he was an anal virgin too and that I would be his first. And that turned me on hugely. So I fucked him. He was as tight as fuck and was gasping as I entered him.
"Breathe into it and push back." I barked into his ear, echoing the advice my girlfriend had given me.
And he did. He pushed against my cock and took control of his breathing as much as he could. He was tight and a little scared which increased my pleasure. I knew I needed to come quickly before someone walked in. I thrust hard and fast and after a couple of minutes got very close to coming. Jan had relaxed enough to start enjoying himself and I could hear him moan with pleasure as I fucked him. I felt my balls tighten and was on the cusp of unloading in his virgin ass.
Then I stopped dead in my tracks.
"So Jan, do you want me to come inside me, or shall I keep edging?" I asked him.
"Come inside me. Please, come inside me," came his reply, his voice breaking just a little, his breath coming in short, jabby gasps.
So I went at it again. Sliding my cock almost all the way out before going in balls deep. He responded to my movement, pushing back to maximise his pleasure. I looked down and saw my cock disappearing into this beautiful guy's arse and realised I was once again close to coming. So I slowed right down, almost stopped. Rather than finishing myself off. I played with his cock until I took the edge off my orgasm. Then I built it again until I was fit to pop.
I then asked him again, "So, Jan, do you want me to come, or shall I keep edging?"
"Come inside me, please." He said, whimpering, "Please, please fill me up."
Again, I slowed down and edged off my orgasm, much to Jan's frustration. He was pushing back against my cock, looking not just to pleasure me to orgasm, but also to pleasure himself.
Once again I built to an orgasm, more slowly this time. He knew the drill by now and he could feel my balls tighten and my shaft flex. My nails dug into his ribs and I ran deep scratch marks down his flanks. He whimpered, his cock hard, his balls tight, his body pressed back looking for pleasure against mine.
Again I stopped, loosening my grip on his body. I didn't need to ask him what he wanted this time. I knew I had broken him since he was starting to cry a little with frustration. I built a rhythm again nice and slowly, feeling where the edge of my orgasm lay. I pulled him tight to me, my thrusting slowing once again. This sent shivers of frustration across Jan's body. He whimpered audibly as I again stopped fucking him.
"Please, please fuck me. I need it, I want to be filled up. I want to know what it's like to feel come inside me." He was pleading with me, sobbing slightly. I knew he was mine.
So I built again, more slowly this time. And again I got myself close to coming. But this time I did it by stealth, not letting Jan know how close I was. I knew that I could come now just by thinking dirty thoughts, I had done it many times at home in front of porn. Edged myself for several hours then finally allowed myself to orgasm not by stimulating my dick but by stimulating my brain.
He thought I was going to tease him again, to edge away from my orgasm. But I knew I was about to blow. I slowed my breathing and let smutty thoughts enter my brain, my dick all the way inside so my groin was hard up against his butt. I let myself go, allowed my orgasm to overtake my body and my hard cock pulsed and jerked inside him.
When I come like that, it is silent, my body doesn't move, and my breathing doesn't change. And that's how I came inside Jan. Silently, without moving, showing no emotion, and with my breathing normal. The orgasm was intense, but it was my intensity. Orgasms like that send shivers across my body, goosebumps punctuate my skin, my core muscles spasm involuntarily, my head swims.
For him, it would have felt like an anti-climax, and that is what I wanted. I juddered and shook internally and yet I was serene and silent externally. I unloaded a huge amount of come inside him, almost without him knowing. It felt good but I was spent, and my cock started to go limp. I let go of Jan, discarded him like a used rag.
Picking up my towel, I exited the sauna. Immediately opposite the door is a plunge pool that sits at about 10C. Another trick I've learned is to suppress the gasp response that most people get when their bodies hit cold water. It was something I was taught in the military and can be a life saver if you're immersed unexpectedly since gasping means that you drown if your head is below the surface when it happens.
I descended into the pool, dropped my head under water and let my breathing slow some more before popping up. That's when Jan appeared. He looked forlorn, broken even. Tears pricked his eyes. I tossed my head back slightly, in a 'come here' gesture. He dropped his towel and joined me in the plunge pool, his body shaking as he gasped away the coldness. I embraced him tenderly, knowing that maybe I'd pushed it too far, but that I'd taught him a lesson about edging people and fucking with their minds.
He'd underestimated me, and I had won. He leaned into me, his shivering body pressed against mine looking for love and warmth, his flaccid cock pressed uselessly against my upper thigh.
That was when the girls walked in. "Jan, what the fuck happened?" his girlfriend asked. He looked a mess, his face puffy with tears, deep welts down his flanks where I had run my nails over him.
I looked up, faked concern and said, "He slipped in the sauna. Must have got too hot. I think he may have passed out briefly. Luckily, I got him out and have managed to cool his body down. I'm sure he's going to be fine."
Between us we got Jan straightened up, got him dressed and warmed up. By the time we got to reception to pay for our spa day, the colour had returned to his face and he was back to his usual cocky self. The girls talked about how 'gezellig' it has been to meet up and how we must do it again. I smiled, looked Jan straight in the face and said "Well, I'm up for it if you are Jan, what do you recon?"