Sunbathing
Part 1
It had been a year since I'd visited her. We talk most days, usually just briefly, but it's always nice to hear and it helps me get through the day. So it was nice to visit in person.
It started with some tanning. I was on vacation from winter and was determined to get a tan. It took me a long time to realize that I'm a bit of an exhibitionist, so the lack of seclusion on the tanning didn't really worry me. My thought is always that if someone else sees me then they can look away if they don't like it, otherwise, who cares. I was tanning at the back of the house. I started with shorts, then after a while I rolled onto my stomach and thought, 'fuck it, nobody's home and the neighbors can't see.' I stripped down and was happily tanning my back. The sun was quite mild, a lot more mild than I am used to. It was nice to know I didn't need to keep changing positions every 5 minutes to avoid burning. So I relaxed, actually the most relaxed I had felt for a very long time.
I must have dozed a little because when I woke up there was someone in the house. For a moment I was worried it was her family visiting, which would be awkward. But it wasn't. I quickly thought of putting my shorts back on, but then thought, screw it, I'm not actually showing anything. I turned onto my front and settled back down until I heard the back door slide open.
'Haha, nice outfit,' was what I heard.
'Yeah, sorry about that, no one was home and so I didn't worry. Turn around and I'll put my shorts back on.'
'Don't worry about for now, I was actually just thinking of joining you, for the tanning, not the outfit.'
'That'd be cool.'
She went to change to her bikini, came back outside and lay down on the recliner next to me, putting sunscreen on. After a while she asked me to put sunscreen on her back. I moaned and asked if I had to, because then I'd have to put shorts on. She said, that it would be fine, she'll just be on her stomach and face the other way. No big deal. Well, fine then, I thought.
She has great shoulders. And I enjoyed putting sunscreen on, which would have been quite obvious to her if she had taken a glimpse of my cock, but she didn't, and she didn't care. She is gay, by the way, did I mention that?
I was working around her bikini top, which seemed silly, until I finally said, 'ok, this is stupid, just take off the bikini top. I know you hate tan lines.'
'I'm not sure that would be a good idea.'
'It's no big deal, just turn away, I can't see anything, then I can finish the sunscreen and we can get back to some serious tanning.'
'Haha, I can so I imagine that. That's the problem with the pokey thing!'
'Indeed, the pokey thing can be a little difficult to explain at times, although, as I get older, I'm better with the excuse that, well, that's just how guys work, I can't really control it so I don't really feel too bad about it.'
'Fair point.'
'So, take your damn top off, you are getting tan lines as we speak!'
'Turn around then,' she said.
We had shared rooms together before and have gotten quite comfortable with the process of just turning around if we are changing, rather than go to the effort of going to a different room.
'No problem.' So I turned around, which was good because it hid my hard on. A few seconds later she said to turn around, and she was lying on her stomach waiting for sunscreen.
I finished off the sunscreen on her back her back, put the top back on and went to lie down on my chair. My cock was a little uncomfortable under me, but also, I was quite enjoying the pressure on it.
'All good now' I said, 'you can turn around.'
So she turned around and we were facing each other lying on our fronts, and just chatted for a while. For some reason I eventually realized that she was still getting tan lines.
Part 2
'So, you realize you are still getting tan lines as we speak, right?'
'Haha, yea, I was thinking that. Not sure it would be appropriate though,' she said, knowing that I was talking about her getting tan lines from her bikini bottoms.
'What's less appropriate, getting a good tan lying next to your friend, not showing anything, or having tan lines?'
'It's hardly not showing anything.'
'Come on, it's just a butt, and you have been able to see mine for the last half hour.'
'I have been able to, but I haven't. You do remember I am not interested in guys, right?'
'Yes, I'm very well aware that you like girls. So, are you not doing it because you are afraid I'll try something?'
'Of course not, I know you won't. I also know I'd smash you if you tried!' she joked.
'Haha, yes. Yes I know you would. So what's stopping you?'
'Honestly, I don't want to make you feel bad.'
'In what way?'
'Well, I know I don't like boys, and I know you do like girls. So while I know you won't do anything, I don't want to get you...frustrated I guess.'
'Fair enough, I get that, but seriously, you don't need to worry about that. I appreciate it though.'
'Mmmmmm', she pondered.
'Seriously, just commit for fucks sake.'
'Ok, turn around.' So I did, as she got up off the recliner, then I heard her get back on.
'Can I turn around?'
'Sure.'
I turned around and she was just lying on her stomach facing me, like before, except now she was completely naked.
'So, do you want sunscreen on your buss or can you manage yourself?'
'I'll do it myself, but thanks,' she said, with a very definite tone of sarcasm.
We just lay as we were and she reached for the sunscreen, struggling to get it without arching up exposing her tits. The she squirted some out, again being careful not to arch up. Then she was trying to put it on her butt.
I said, 'just so you know, this is fucking hilarious watching you try to do this without arching up!'
'Stop it you asshole.'
'Can't help it, not my fault, I did offer!'
'Fuck it,' she said, 'ok, just get it done,' smiling.
'Are you asking me if I can please put some sunscreen on your ass and spread out the mess you made yourself so you tan evenly?'
'Yes, I'm saying all that. Just get it done.'
'Ok, turn around.'
So she turned around and I stood up, very hard now. But she couldn't see me. For a moment I panicked and thought she might be able to see the reflection from the screen door, but it didn't seem like she could, and she wasn't looking in that direction anyway.
'Ok, this might sting a little' I said.
'What?'
'Nothing, I was just making joke, like a doctor with an injection'
'Ha, just go ahead.'
'Well, firstly I'm going to have to even up the mess you made. I'll start with this bit right in the middle of your butt cheek.'
I wiped it onto my hand and started spreading it out evenly, rubbing it in as I did on her shoulders. The difference between shoulders and butts though is that shoulders don't have a butt crack, and it's hard to know exactly what the protocol is with that. I wasn't sure what to do, so I asked!
'Umm, not sure if you have done this before but I need some advice on where to stop with the sunscreen and where to assume the butt crack won't get burned.'
'Hahahahaha, I hadn't thought of that. I guess the key is to make sure you put sunscreen on anything that could get burned.'
'Makes sense.'
So I kept going. Massaging in the sunscreen with my left hand, and my thumb was sliding along her butt crack as I was doing it. I kept going down just below her butt, the same way, making sure I didn't push between her legs. Then I did the other cheek, feeling quite confident now, but with a raging hard on. So much so I was starting to think that maybe it would be very uncomfortable going back onto my stomach on the recliner!
'Ok, that's all done now,' I said, then I slapped her gently on the butt.
'Oow!!'
'As if that hurt, stop your whining.'
'Hahaha, just unexpected is all.'
'No problem. By the way, do you ever try to bounce quarters off your ass?'
'Ergh, no. There was a time when they would have bounced pretty high.'
'Well, I can attest that they would still do fine. We can test it out if you like.'
'Aaah, no. Just go lie down again.'
I gently slapped the other butt cheek and quickly lay down before she could kick me.
She turned back to face me as we were lying there.
'So, all that was just to be able to slap my butt cheek?'
'No, all that was to stop you from getting tan lines, the butt slap was just a bonus. Was it too far?'
'Nah, just surprised me. It was funny.'
'Good. You know I would never want to make you uncomfortable, right?
'Of course, that's one of the reasons I love you. I know you are and will always be there for me.'
'Good, and I love you for the same reasons, that and your beautiful eyes, which are annoyingly hidden behind sunglasses right now.'
'Yup.'
'Well, you know what they say, staring at boobs is like staring at the sun. You can only do it for a moment with the naked eye, but you can stare forever with sunglasses on.' This was one of my favorite lines and I knew she'd heard it before.
'Way to bring it back to boobs.'
'Sorry, I like boobs. You know that.'
'Yes. I know that'
'And I do recall that you are quite proud of yours, and for good reason.'
'Huh?'
'Ummm...that time after we went to the strip club where you showed me your tits?'
'Oh crap. Hey, you promised never to mention that again.'
'Sorry.'
'Nah, its ok with me. Just don't make a big deal of it. And you can NEVER tell anyone else,' she warned.
'Never have, never will.'
So we just relax for 10 minutes or so until I feel some heat on my ass and start to get a bit worried that it was getting burned. This was a problem. I am really enjoying being there naked next to her. It gets me going through both my exhibition and also being able to just stare at her amazing body, and get occasional glimpses of side boob satisfies my voyeurism.
'Ok, time for a discussion', I said.
'Sure, what's up?'
'Well, I feel like my ass is starting to get a bit burned.'
'You need sunscreen?'
'Well, actually, yes. I'd try to do it myself but I think you proved that it isn't really practical lying down.'
'You want me to turn around?'
'No, I'm perfectly happy where I am. I want you to put some sunscreen on my ass.'
'Ha, I was waiting for that!'
'No way, this is the first time I thought of it, just because my butt is getting hot.'
'Yeah, yeah, whatever. Just turn around.'
So I turned my head and heard her get up and come over. Then I saw her shadow in front of me as she got closer. It wasn't anything special until she turned to her side to squirt sunscreen on my butt.
And so she started rubbing the sunscreen into my butt cheek. As she was doing this I could see her profile in shadow and was just mesmerized by the swaying of her boobs while she was working.
'That'll do on that one' she said, and started on the other. This time it seemed like her thumb was going down my butt crack a bit more, I wasn't sure of it, but I was sure I was getting harder. And I pushed my cock a bit harder into the recliner, tensing my cheeks.
She slapped them, 'Stop doing that'.
'Sorry, that was just a reflex. Didn't mean it. Sorry.'
'Haha, no, that's fine,' and she finished and slapped me again.
'All done.'
'Thanks sweetie, and thanks for the slap too.'
'The slap wasn't for you, it was for me.'
'Well, it worked for both! But what do you mean it was for you?'
'Thought you'd ask that...'
'Yes, and now the protocol is that you answer.'
'Well, I kinda like slapping butts, that's all.'
'Ok then, thanks for telling me that, all good'
'Ok, let's just tan now.'
Part 3
Another 15 minutes passed and we were pretty quiet. She broke the silence.
'Ok, that's about half an hour.'
'Yeah, I was thinking that.'
For the first time I realized that things from here would be awkward. I couldn't turn around or put shorts on without he seeing a big(ish) bulge, which I didn't want to. I also didn't really want to stop tanning. I thought I'd wait it out and stay on my stomach until she went inside.
'You going in?' I asked.
'Well, that's the thing, isn't it. I have only half tanned.'
'Want me to turn around so you can put your bikini back on?'
'Not really.'
'Huh?'
'Well, I still don't want to get tan lines.'
'So ...?
'Not sure this is a good idea, but I was thinking of just turning over.'
'Fine by me!' I quickly said. Adding, 'kidding.'
'You sure you are fine with it?'
'Of course, why wouldn't I be?'
'Well, for the frustration reasons. Basically.'
'Eh, I've spent a large part of my adult life frustrated, I'm used to it'.
'So you're ok. And you won't think I'm trying to encourage you in anyway?'
'I'm ok and I don't think you are trying to encourage me, or will let me do anything!'
'Ok...'
'And?'
'Ok, turn around.'
'Hell no, I'm not turning around. If you are going to lie on your back you will need to get over the fact that I can see you.' As much as I was trying to sound nonchalant, I was getting really turned on by the thought of sharing this moment with my hot friend.
'Damn, I thought you'd say that.'
So at that point she just stood up, turned around and lay down on her back. Now, I'm a very big fan of athletic bodies and she has a pretty great one. Strong shoulders, great ass, and great tits too. So I was in heaven as she turned around. She then started to put sunscreen on. Starting on her shoulders and going down to her tits. She was just methodically rubbing the sunscreen in, but it was still really hot to watch. All the while she was not saying anything and I was staring at her boobs through my sunglasses. She started going further down to her stomach and further down to her legs. Then she sat up and pulled her legs up to do them. I could see her swaying tits in profile again and, well, I really love that. I could feel a bit of pre-cum slide out of my dick and pressed my hips into the recliner again to put more pressure on my dick.
She spread her legs a bit, though I couldn't see anything, and massaged in some sunscreen quickly, then lay down again, and put a bit more sunscreen on her hand. She lay down and reached her and down to her pussy and massaged in sunscreen. She was either well shaven or waxed down there, so it made sense. She kept going and I couldn't help but think that maybe she pushed down a little far down her slit to make sure her clit wouldn't get burned. That's the only logical explanation. Then she lay down again.
'All good,' I asked.
'Actually, yes. The sun is awesome. I don't usually do this outside, just in tanning beds. Its pretty nice with the little breeze.'
'Yep, I like the way the breeze makes your nipples hard.'
'Shut Up you asshole, don't ruin this. It's really relaxing.'
'Sorry, couldn't help myself.'
'Neither could my nipples,' she said, giggling.
'Nice one!'
'Thanks, I thought you'd like it.'
By this stage I was really starting to feel hot on my back and butt but couldn't really do anything. I was trying to work out if I could quickly turn away, put my shorts on, put a towel around me, and get through the door without her seeing my hard on. I was thinking I was going to have to do that, and then would be heading right to the shower to relieve myself.
'So are you going to turn around?' she suddenly asked as I was lost in my thoughts of escape without embarrassment.
'Actually I was thinking of going in.'
'What? After giving me a hard time about tan lines you're going to bail after only tanning half?'
I hesitated. 'Well, you know how I mentioned earlier the whole thing about being a guy where these involuntary things that happen are more obvious than with girls?'
'Hahahaha, you telling me you have a hard on? Eeew!'
'Glad my embarrassment can cause you joy. Yes, I have a hard on'.
'Well, it actually doesn't worry me at all. It's not like I'm going to do anything. Hang on, how long have you had it?'
'Ummm. From the time I was massaging in sunscreen.'
'What!"
'NOT MY FAULT!'
'So you have just been laying on it all this time.'
'Yup.'
'Isn't that uncomfortable?'
'It's not too bad. A guy with a bigger dick than mine would struggle a lot more though!' I joked.
'Really? Why's that?'
'Umm, just bigger, would be more uncomfortable. For me it just kinda presses under my stomach.'
'So, those butt clenches? Is that what they were about?'
'Ummm, yes, also involuntary. But yes.'
'Well, whatever. We have come this far, just turn over. I've seen the pokey thing before and am very unimpressed. I'll accept that you can't control it and we can just lie down and relax.'
'Sure?'
'Yeah, just do it.'
Part 4
So I rolled over and lay down, thinking about how ridiculous I must look with my dick standing to attention. But like she said, she just ignored it and we lay there facing each other, just chatting. After a while she reminded me, 'you better put sunscreen on'.
'Crap, good point.'
I learned over and reached the sunscreen from just next to her sun lounge. Unfortunately I lost balance and fell out of my sun lounge, ending up on the ground just next to her.
'Hahahahahahaha, sorry, you ok?'
'Yes, just my pride hurt.'
'What about your dick, didn't you land on your dick.'
'Yes, I did. I'm glad you are amused by that.'
'You just gonna lie there?'
'I was trying to think about how I could get up elegantly.'
'That ship has sailed.'
'Good point,' I said, so I got up and reached down to get the sunscreen, only then realizing that my hard dick was about three feet from her face.
'I hope you don't want me to kiss that better.'
'No, all good, it will survive. It's used to being battered around a bit.'
'Battered?'
'Masturbated.'
'Haha, oh well, of course. I would assume it would be quite soft from that though.'
'Hahaha, touche, yes, the most moisturized part of my body.'
'Just go sit down and get that thing out of my face.'
'Sorry.'
'No big deal.'
So I lay down and starting putting sunscreen on. I didn't do my dick because I didn't want her to think I was playing with myself. So once I'd finished everything else I lay down again, with my dick again sticking awkwardly upwards.
'You missed a bit,' she said, with a smirk in her voice.
'How do you know?'
'Because I've been watching you, how else?'
'I thought you didn't like the pokey thing.'
'I don't, but it fascinates me sometimes. The way it is just so out there. Sometimes I get annoyed at how my tits just stick out there, but that is way worse!'
'What do you mean?' I asked.
'About my tits? Well, it's just annoying sometimes. To me they are just my tits. They have been with me for most of my life. But they are always there, sticking out. And it gets old when people stare at them. Sometimes I wish I could just deflate them and no one would notice.'
'So when would you want them to be inflated?' I asked. Curious.
'During sex, obviously. Sometimes if I'm going out and are feeling good about myself. Then I'll get dressed up, put on a sexy bra, show a bit of cleavage. But that doesn't happen very often. The rest of the time I'd be happy enough if they weren't sticking out.'
'Well, be careful what you wish for. This here,' pointing at my dick, 'behaves pretty much like you said, except for the fact that I can't control when it wants to stick out. Which is why we get situations like this!'
'Ha, makes sense. It's always more complicated than you'd like. Anyway, seriously, you better put some sunscreen on it. You don't want it getting burned, even if it does give you the justification to put moisturizer on it!'
'Vigorously!'
'Whatever.'
'Ok, so this makes me a bit uncomfortable. It is very hard to think of a way to put sunscreen on my dick without getting more turned on.'
'Just do it, sometimes we do things that are out of our control.' And there was something in the way she said this that made me think there was a double meaning. What was it? And then it occurred to me, but I thought I'd tread delicately.
'Well, it's a bit different for you. You just put sunscreen on your tits and then down to where you wax. There is no risk of being turned on.'
'That's not completely true.'
'How so?'
'Well, my nipples are pretty sensitive, so when I was putting sunscreen on they felt pretty good.'
'Ah, ok. I have to admit that I noticed your nipples got a bit hard when you were doing that.'
'Trust you to notice that.'
'Well, yes. You can trust me to notice that. And, again, it's not my fault. It's my nature. It's like the scorpion and the frog story! I'm the scorpion.'
'Yeah, yeah, I get it. Anyway, the point is, you can't always control things.'
And there she had said it again, but we had already covered her nipples getting hard. Maybe I was right about her finger slipping a little too far down to her slit? I had to push it, and I think she was giving me permission.
'So, sensitive nipples, check. Any other bits that feel good putting sunscreen on?'
'What do you mean?' She was playing hard to get with this story, she didn't want to say it herself.
'I mean, I thought that you had given your clit a quick rub when you were putting sunscreen around your pussy.'
'You were watching closely, weren't you.'
'Is that a 'yes'?'
'...yes,' she admitted, after a long pause.
'Good for you.'
'What?'
'Good for you, why the hell not. So, why did you do it?'
'Ummmm...because I was so close and I was feeling really hot, I couldn't help myself.'
'So, involuntary.'
'Ha, yes, I suppose so.'
'So what was hot about it?'
'Just doing something so sensual in front of someone else. Someone who can only watch but not do anything.'
'Really, that's a turn on for you?'
'It was today!'
'Good girl!, and how did you stop so quickly?'
'Because I have willpower of steel.'
'Well, maybe tin, with steel you wouldn't have played with yourself at all!'
'I did NOT play with myself.'
'No? What would you call it then?'
'I just quickly rubbed my clit in a moment of weakness.'
'That sounds like playing with yourself to me, but it's up to you.'
'Enough, you better get that sunscreen on, it will start burning.'
She was right, so I went back to the sunscreen. I avoided my dick at first, doing the inside of my legs first. Not completely sure why but probably just to avoid going straight for my dick just after talking about masturbating with her.
'Crap, that's a good idea,' she said.
'Huh?'
'I didn't put sunscreen there, can you pass me the sunscreen when you are done?'
So I squirted some out into my hand, thinking that usually it isn't sunscreen I'm squirting in my hand when I'm about to rub my dick.
I hesitated a moment and saw her sitting up a bit, then opening her legs to put sunscreen on her inside thighs. This was NOT helping me! She seemed fine with everything though, so I just started rubbing the sunscreen into my dick and balls. I tried to do it differently from how I masturbated, then realized that was dumb because she wouldn't know the difference! In the meantime I was looking straight ahead, trying not to get too excited. Then I glanced over to her and almost came. She was sitting up with her tits sitting up beautifully in the sun. She had her feet flat together and her knees down on either side. She was rubbing sunscreen into the inside of her thighs.
I just stared for a bit because I could see her pussy quite clearly, and it was beautiful. Small lips just sitting out a bit, like flower petals. It was all my voyeur fantasies coming true at once. Then I was startled.
'You've got something on your chin,' she said.
'Huh...what?'
'Some drool.'
I quickly checked my chin and realized that I had just been sitting there with my dick in my hand.
'Crap, sorry about that.'
'That's ok.'
'No, I really didn't want to get creepy.'
'You didn't, you already explained, it's just nature, don't worry about it.'
Then she stopped talking and started putting more sunscreen on. Getting closer and closer to her pussy. I was so turned on. I'm very sure she knew this, and I was sure she was turned on too. Neither of us knew where this was going but neither were interested in stopping. It was a delicate progression, as if too big a step would startle things. What now, I was thinking. Right now I was holding my dick, pretending to put sunscreen on it, and trying hard not to rub it. 'What now,' I thought. Well, nothing to lose...
'If you sit like that for much longer your pussy is going to get burned.'
'Haha, good point. You saying I should lie down again?'
'I'm most certainly not saying that. You do what you want. I'm just saying that it is prudent to use sun protection.'
'Thanks for your concern.'
So she squirted a little bit of sunscreen out on her finger and rubbed carefully around her pussy lips. All the while on full display to me, and me with my dick in my hand. She looked up and me, then down at my dick.
'What are you doing?'
I realized I was slowly rubbing some pre-come around my nob as I was watching her. 'Um, I think that's self-evident.'
'I mean with your thumb.'
'Oh, well, I actually didn't realize I was doing it. But I'm rubbing some pre-come on my nob.'
'What do you mean 'you didn't realize,' and what does that do?'
'I didn't realize because I was completely engrossed in watching you rub sunscreen around your pussy, and it feels really good! Kinda like I imagine rubbing your clit would feel, maybe. It's the really sensitive part of my dick.'
'Engrossed, that's funny. So, what is it about me doing this that makes you hard?'
'Well, just about everything. Sitting here naked with my hand on my dick while watching you is a pretty fucking hot start. But then, it's a huge turn on to just see you casually having your legs apart like that. That in itself is turns me on, but also being able to see your pussy is really hot. And then see you casually rubbing around it is the cherry on top. So, to recap, my exhibitionism and voyeurism are completely and utterly satisfied right now.'
'Completely?'
'Don't tease.'
'That ship has sailed,' she said, and we both laughed out loud.
So there we were, just sitting there looking at each other. Then she reached down again and rubbed a finger up her slit. That was so fucking hot.
'So what was that about,' I asked.
'What was what about?'
'Umm, rubbing a finger up your slit.'
'Sunscreen, can't be too careful.'
So again, this just kept on going further and further. I was obviously happy with how things were playing out, but was still not sure she was. I still wanted to play it carefully.
'Good point,' I said. 'You can't be good careful. Actually I think you missed a bit.'
'Oh, which bit.'
'Just over on the left.'
'Where? I can't see.'
'You want me to point it out?'
'Sure. Well, I'm sure right now, but might not be soon.'
So I got up and sat in front of her on her lounge, feet straddling the lounge. Her feet were about a foot from my dick. I grabbed the sunscreen and put a tiny bit on my finger. I reached out to her pussy, watching her face the whole time. She was obviously really turned on, and it was clear her pussy would be too wet to have sunscreen applied effectively, but we were well beyond that pretense by now. I reached forward and touched the outside of her pussy lip and lightly dabbed the sunscreen on it. Alternating looking at her and her pussy. I rubbed up then down a couple of times. Feeling her wetness. I looked at her tits and could see her breath getting shorter. I looked her in the eyes, her beautiful eyes, and I pushed my finger gently into her pussy. I felt her tense a little and she gently grabbed my hand and moved it out of her pussy, but didn't let go.
'Not sure I'm ready for that, but completely ok with you doing it.'
'Pity, I was quite enjoying myself.'
'So was I, it was great watching you too.'
'Really? Why?'
'You were SO turned on, it was a huge turn on to me just seeing how you were breathing and the expression on your face.'
'I'm glad I could help.'
'Don't ruin the moment!'
'Sorry.'
Then we sat for a while like that legs spread, naked, sitting face to face, pussy to cock. I noticed that we were now holding both hands. Gently. Pleasantly.
'I think you missed another bit,' I said.
'Really? Where?'
I reached out to her tits and gently rubbed her left one. Delicately stroking it. Feeling it. Squeezing it.
'I'm pretty sure I got that bit,' she said. So I moved to her nipple and started tweaking it until it felt like getting hard.
'I got that bit too.'
'Crap, sorry, I thought it was looking a bit pink.'
'You know you don't even have sunscreen on on your hand, right?'
'Don't know what you're talking about. Hey, another bit that's burning,' and I reached out with my other hand and started rubbing her other nipple, until it got hard too. So there I was, teasing and tweaking her nipples and looking at her face while I was doing it.
'If anything you are rubbing the sunscreen off them now.'
'Sorry, I'll stop' and I held her hands again and we sat quietly again. All the while it was killing me not to touch my dick.
'Looks like you have sprung a leak' she said.
'What?'
She pointed down and noted that some more pre-come had come out of my dick.
'That's an indication that my dick wants to be properly looked after.'
'Well, no one is stopping you.'
Wow, this was way further than I was thinking, or even hoping. I know sex is great and all, but watching someone masturbating while masturbating myself is a very, very close second. Again, I used to think this was weird, but now am ok with it. That's just what turns me on.
I looked down at her pussy and noticed that she was obviously wet.
'I think your pussy is saying the same thing as my dick.'
She looked down, 'Ha, I think you're right.'
Once again, sitting there, naked, heart pounding, breath short.
I slowly moved one of her hands towards her pussy. Changing the grip on her hand so that I was holding her hand so it was facing her pussy. I moved it closer and closer and then took her middle finger with mine. I moved it towards her slit and rubbed it up and down her pussy. She gasped a little. Then I pushed it a bit more forcefully so it was further into her slit as I was rubbing it up and down. Slowly, I pushed her finger into her pussy, with mine a little way in too. Then out again. Then up to her clit, where I left it, still holding her other hand. She started rubbing on her own now. Still looking at me.
'This might be a very big mistake,' she said.
'I don't think so, I think it will just be something intimate we have shared.'
'Jesus I'm so turned on right now.'
'I can see.'
And I took her other hand and brought it towards my dick.
'Keep playing with yourself, that's so fucking hot.'
'No chance of stopping now!'
'Good,' she said.
I took her thumb and rubbed it over my nob, getting the pre-come onto her thumb and spreading it around. I carefully wrapped the rest of her hand around my dick. Encouraging her to just keep rubbing her thumb. I let go and she kept at it.
I reached forward again, this time taking her hand away from her pussy and replacing it with mine.
'Why did you do that?'
'Because I wanted to play with your pussy.'
'What makes you think you can do a better job than me?'
'Very good point, I'm very happy to learn, and I'm a fast learner.'
'Well, I guess so.'
'So what then?'
'Just rub your finger up and down my slit. Pay attention to my clit when it is at the top.'
'Yes boss.'
I did as requested, while she was gently holding my cock and rubbing her thumb on my nob.
'I think I might be done with this,' she said.
'Why, did I do something wrong?' I asked, still rubbing her pussy.
'No, just not sure I want to do anymore of this. It's really hot, but I just don't really like playing with the pokey thing.'
'Well, leave that alone and play with your tits,' I said, pushing a finger into her, and using my thumb to rub her clit.
'That might work, but I feel bad for you.'
'Oh you do NOT need to feel bad for me, I'm having the time of my life.'
'Really?'
'Fuck yes. Being intimate with my beautiful friend, out in the open, watching each other play with each other.'
'Yes but I'm not doing that anymore.'
'Doesn't matter at this point. How are you feeling about this?'
'I'm so turned on right now. I agree that being outside is really hot. Just the gentleness and sensuality of it is awesome.'
'So what now?'
'Well, I'd like to see you come.'
'Really, thought you didn't like the pokey thing.'
'I don't but I think it would be really hot if you played with yourself until you came. Just don't come on my pussy. It would take a lot of explaining if I got pregnant.'
'Haha, very true. So, you are sure?' I asked.
'Stop asking if I'm sure. I think we are well beyond the point that there is any doubt either of us want to keep this going.'
'Yeah, but it's a question of where it goes.'
'Fair enough, but I told you very clearly where I wanted it to go.'
'Ok, I'm all in on that, though I warn you it will not take me long at all. I only ask one thing.'
'Sure.'
'You agreeing before you know?'
'I trust you. I am.'
'Wow, ok, well, I just want you to be playing with yourself too.'
'I think I can manage that.'
'But I want you to put your knees up a bit. In fact, I think we are going to have to rearrange the lounges.'
So I took my finger out of her pussy and got up. I placed the two lounges so they were facing each other, with the back up so we were sitting. We sat facing each other, she had her feet on the edges of the lounge, with her pussy wide open facing me. I was sitting in the same sort of position she was, with my feet together and my knees falling to the sides.
'What do you want me to do,' I asked.
'Whatever gets you off, what do you want me to do?'
'I think I'll be a bit more specific if that's ok? Actually no, you tell me what you want to do.'
'Well, I'm happy to do whatever, but I usually masturbate with one working in and out of my pussy and the other rubbing my clit.'
'Perfect, one other thing.'
'What's that, vibrator?'
'I don't suppose it's handy?'
'Not really, why?'
'Well, I find that pretty hot too. And I have always wondered what they felt like.'
'You want me to use one on you?'
'That might be a discussion for another time.'
'What about a strap-on? You want me to use a strap-on on you?' she teased.
'Ok, how you're just being mean!'
'Hahaha, mostly yes. I have to admit though, I do like my strap-on and definitely prefer giving it.'
'I think we are getting off track, which is fine, and it's an interesting conversation, but ...'
'You're right, so where were we? You wanted me to play with my clit and use fingers in my pussy.'
'Yep, you got it.'
'And you will.'
'Probably come in about 15 seconds.'
'Don't do that, I want to keep going for a while.'
So there we were, sitting naked outside, facing each other without inhibitions. I was slowly rubbing my dick, she was gently playing with her pussy. We were looking each other in the eyes. Every now and then I would glance at her beautiful tits, and her fingers working her pussy, she would look down at my pokey thing, but mostly just looked at me in the eyes. I started to feel hotter.
'Ok, I think I've held on about as long as I can, how're you going?'
'I'm not quite there but getting close, don't worry about me, just look after yourself.'
At this stage I was in no position to argue, and worked hard at my dick, rubbing my nob and quickly coming. I leaned back and I felt it hitting me in the chest, in the neck, then a bit on my cheek, and then just slowly releasing the rest.
'Woah, your face was awesome.'
'Don't tease.'
'No, I mean it. It was so hot seeing how much you were turned on. Its also hot to see you covered in come! But that's a different thing.'
'Really? Why's that hot?'
'Maybe it's just me, usually it's the guy coming on the girl, so I like the tables turned.'
'Fair enough. But enough of the talk, how close are you?'
'I'm feeling great!'
'That isn't what I asked.'
'I'm going ok, really hot, but a bit away from coming.'
'Want a hand?'
'Maybe, what did you have in mind?'
'Well, I know you don't like guys, but what if you pretended I was a girl while I went down on you?'
'I think that might work.'
I stood up, still with come on my chest and face, and straddled her lounge. I grabbed a towel and wiped it off. Then I leaned forward and started kissing her inside thighs. I could taste the sunscreen but didn't care. She had a finger in her pussy and I kissed around it and then on it. Eventually she moved her finger and I could lick all the way up and down. I quickly put two fingers in her pussy and found her clit with my tongue. I sucked at her clit, pumping my fingers in and out. I used a third finger to rub her ass, pushing against it. Not quite going in. I sucked harder on her clit and felt her hands on the back of my head. She was pushing my head into her pussy. She was strong, and I was loving it. Loving being so close to her pussy, obviously turning her on. Now it was just a question of making her come. It was hard to keep pumping my fingers when she was pushing my face so hard into her pussy, though it made it easier to pay attention to her clit. The upside was that I could rub her ass more easily. I was sucking, and licking, and inhaling everything about her clit, and then I pushed my finger up her ass a little way. The pushing became even more forceful and her legs started twitching. I kept going regardless as she squeezed my head in her thighs. I kept going as she yelled out. I kept going as she relaxed again but kept twitching. I tasted her come and felt it all over my face and then we relaxed. I was happy just resting my head on her pussy, and thought I'd play with it a little while I was there. So I put a finger in and started rubbing her ass again.
'What are you doing?'
'Umm...pleasuring you?'
'Why?'
'Because I like doing it.'
'You're crazy.'
'No,' I disagreed.
And so we just lay there, me gently rubbing her ass and fingering her, then I moved back up to her clit.
'Hey', I said.
'Yes?'
'You know how girls can do the whole multiple orgasm thing?'
'Yes.'
'Well, you ready to go again?'
'Why do you ask...'
'Well, as much as I loved locking your pussy, and, have to admit, LOVED you pushing my face into your pussy, I'd still really like to watch you come.'
'Mmm, I guess I owe you that. I could go again, but I might need a little help.'
'I'm happy to help in anyway, as long as I can watch you when you come.'
'I was thinking more of mechanical help.'
'Oh, well, do what you need to do.'
Without any hesitation or discussion she got up and went inside, a minute or two later she came back with a dildo that had a main shaft and then something that obviously was meant to stimulate the clit, or maybe the ass?
She immediately sat back down in front of me and spread her legs wide. She turned on the vibrator and just held it to her clit.
'Fuck this gets me every time.'
'So, what do you use the other shaft for? Clit or ass?'
'Either/or. I use it for my clit but might use it for the ass now that you have shown me how great that is.'
'Ha, do what you need to do! Just let me get comfortable.'
And I got up and moved the other lounge next to hers but facing each other. I sat and asked her to twist a bit so I had a good view.
'Ok, I need to concentrate on this now, don't distract me,' she said.
I kept quiet and just watched. She was holding the vibrator against her clit, then slid it up and down for a while. Pushed it into her pussy, slowly, all the way. Then the other shaft was against her clit and I could see she was loving it.
'Keep going, you look so fucking hot, just relax, no inhibitions.'
'Jesus, no shit no inhibitions! That ship has sailed a LONG time ago! I'm so fucking turned on. I've never felt this hot. I just want to shove this thing into me as hard as I can, but then I don't want to take it off my clit. Jesus.'
'You look so hot now. I'm hard again and playing with myself, but you just focus on you. Relax, tell me what you're thinking and feeling.'
'Fuck, I'm just going to hold this against my clit, it feels so great inside me, and thinking of you watching, and being outside, and maybe it being a beach in Cancun and just not caring, fuck. Fuck. Ohhhhhhhhhh!'
And I was watching and came again, this time not as forcefully but still satisfying. And I crawled across onto her lounge. I crawled up between her legs and took hold of the vibrator. I slid it back a little way into her pussy then slid up higher.
'I think you should leave the vibrator in there in case my dick goes in accidentally.'
'What the...?'
And I slid further up and put my head on her shoulder and kissed her neck. She turned and kissed me, not passionately, but with love. No tongue, just a kiss for someone you care for. The vibrator was still in her pussy and my dick was still semi hard, pushing against her leg.'
'Can you please do something about the pokey thing?' she said.
'The vibrator?'
'No, your pokey thing.'
'I don't think it is poking much at the moment, just get over it.'
She relaxed and I put my hand on her pussy, holding in the vibrator, gently rubbing her clit with the heel of my hand. And I kissed her again, and then we slept.
We woke up about half an hour later, looked at each other, and kissed again. I actually woke a little earlier but was just happy holding her. I thought about the tans we must have got, and hoped that we hadn't got burned. I took the vibrator out of her pussy and licked it, then handed it to her, and she licked it too, and that started to get my hard all over again!