This is my take on the aftermath of Neighborhood Wives: Maddie written by KickSaveAndABeauty.After reading it, I felt there was a further story about what happened next.Unfortunately, there was no sequel to read so I finally decided to do it.I have read many stories here and always thought about writing one.For some reason, this story hit me and made me sit down to write that story.
Hopefully, you will enjoy it.While it may be better to read the original first, there is sufficient reference to the events that you should be able to follow the direction of this story.Basically wife "fulfils" husband's alleged fantasy but not having included him in the planning, he is shocked at the events which unfolded and is angry to say the least.This is the fallout/aftermath.
My grateful thanks to Der Herrenwolf for his patience and guidance.

The aftermath -- Sunday day 1
On arriving home to find that Maddie had not returned, Jay was bitterly disappointed. He thought his circuitous route home would mean she would be there, and they could talk about what had happened and why! All through the drive home, he had tried to understand his feelings but still he couldn't. Jay saw the answer machine light blinking and played the message. Maddie's happy voice and the message it contained did nothing to calm him down. To hear her saying she was going to another sex party the next weekend was another knife to his tortured soul.
He blamed himself for not being more assertive, not telling her how he felt and his craven cowardice in allowing Jacqui to lord it over him -- "that he was a controlling husband." He never thought he was, but was he?
He was racked with guilt especially with what he later did to Jacqui. That just wasn't him, but what was the alternative. He thought that was the worst thing you could do to someone you cared about. How he hated her now! But every time he came close to admitting to himself that he was to blame, Maddie's face popped up. The face of Maddie as she faced him, one he had never seen before, which confirmed that he had been set up, the sheer contempt for him, that she no longer wanted or needed him.But WHY!
He went to his lonely bed, but the smell of Maddie was there and try as he might, he couldn't rid himself of those images of Maddie with Jacqui and Maddie with Kirk. He tossed and turned, his mood becoming darker and darker, both at Maddie and at himself.
Eventually, he decided to give up and got up. There was still no sign nor word from Maddie. Was she still fucking someone? Who was that whore? What did he do wrong? What did he call his wife? Why? His friends did this! His thoughts were so random, he needed to get himself together. What was he going to do?
Jay prided himself at being meticulous in his attention to detail. That is why his was a successful business, customers liked that he went out of his way to ensure they received the best possible support. He knew his staff could handle everything for the next few days as he needed the time to sort out his own life. As it was around 7.30am, he called his assistant Cheryl hoping she would be awake. She was and noticed immediately that something was terribly wrong, as his voice was dull, monotone and there was no life in him at all as he told her he would be taking a couple of days to sort a problem out. Cheryl asked if Maddie and the kids were alright, but he told her he couldn't say anything just now. Cheryl said she would look after the shop but to call her if he needed anything; anything, anytime, she would be here for him.
Cheryl's mention of the kids cut through to his heart. What was he going to tell them? He knew his parents would be up to call them but what should he say. As he picked up the phone, he saw his hand trembling, his eyes were filling with tears, could his life get any worse? Mum answered the phone and he asked if they could look after the kids for another couple of days. His mum said "they would love to but what was the problem? Is Maddie okay?" Jay just said the evening had gone terribly wrong and they had some stuff to sort out.
Mum wasn't so easily fooled, she knew him too well, though she had never heard that hurt and anger in his voice before. "Jay" she said, "I can tell you are hurt, don't do anything rash just now. Look through your emotions and try to leave the anger to one side. Focus on what is good and what you want to sort out with Maddie. Don't put all the blame on yourself, you can be too accommodating sometimes. Remember we are here for you and the girls. We love you Jay!"
Jay knew he thought better when he was doing something physical, so he went to his yard as he knew it needed a good going over. Normally, he would have waited till later but with his "friendly" neighbors fucking him, he decided to just start and if it ruined their sleep in, so what! He also resolved not to call Maddie; she was involved in setting him up so she needed to make the first move or on Monday his move would be to his lawyer.
As he entered his shed to get his tools, his ordered world showed him where there were tools missing. The good guy Jay would often lend tools to his friends. Being meticulous he kept a record and knew that both Dan and Mike had tools of his. They would be told to return them, or he would use them to give them an extra asshole for what they had done to him and his kids.
As he began cutting the lawn, his thoughts returned to his mum's words, "don't put all the blame on yourself, you can be too accommodating sometimes." Where does he begin to sort out his feelings? He couldn't focus on anything until he went back to the beginning of their relationship.
"When Maddie and I first got together, it was magical. I know some don't view love at first sight as true love, but since I first saw her, I loved her with all my being. Each day, that love grew. But, today, what was left?
"To be honest, I thought I had the best marriage and certainly sex life of all my friends as whenever they spoke about theirs, Maddie and I were certainly more frequent, more willing and more adventurous. Our box of sex toys was well used, whether it was bondage, light spanking, or using toys on her or me. She could cum and cum and when she had you in her, her cum would force you to cum, there was no way to hold back. At parties she would flirt and sometimes a bit of pierced boob or panties could be seen but never did it involve others. Afterwards the sex was always so hot.
"We roleplayed safely,just involving us.My particular favorite was when she played a hooker and me her John. I booked a motel room and as the desk clerk was a friend of mine's son, who Maddie didn't know, I told him about my plan with Maddie and he eagerly agreed to look disdainfully at her and me, obviously creepy client bringing a hooker back. Not an unknown occurrence at that motel. Well, it had to fit the bill. I was sure that would get her off.
"I set off to the bar, nervously yet excited, and saw her on a bar stool next to the bar. Two men were around her obviously hoping to engage her services. I stood outside watching for a few minutes. Her skirt was high up her thighs and I wondered what they could see. Her top left little to the imagination and I'm sure they both had erections seeing her puffy hard nipples standing proud.
"Before they got too excited - and me, - I went in and she calmly stood up, said her goodbyes as her "date" had arrived. "How are you John?" she said as she came over to me. I played along, "all the better for seeing my favorite girl, I know the next couple of hours will be the best of my life" as I placed my hand on her ass and walked her out of the bar.
It was only then I realized that I almost wished she had brought them with her. Was I sick?
"Maddie cuddled into me on the way to the motel, she said that the men had seen her and were convinced that she was a hooker. I said she was definitely dressed for the part. One of them had been looking at her, probably up her skirt as he was seated at a nearby table. When she said, "I'm sure it was when he saw I wasn't wearing panties, he came up to me." She had to tell them she had a booking but maybe next time if she was free. I was amazed and still hadn't processed that she was not wearing panties when she said she was "flowing down her legs."
"I hurried her to the motel where true to his word, the desk clerk, looked her up and down with that dismissing sneer of those better than you and rolled his eyes shaking his head at me. If she saw his eyes, she would have seen the lust in them. When we moved to the room, she was even more aroused, that sneer just made her fantasy role complete.
"Once in the room, she became all business, asking me what I wanted. I said her whole body and all openings. She named the price and I paid her. After she put it in her purse, she pushed me onto the bed and began a slow erotic striptease. To be honest, there wasn't a lot of tease, she only had her sheer top and the micro skirt to take off but by the time she did, I was harder than I had ever been. She then performed a lap dance for me, knocking away my hands whenever I tried to touch her as she ground herself onto me. My trousers were soaked by her pussy juices, I had never seen her that wet and she is normally wet! I told her if she carried on, I would come in my pants.
"She just smiled and began stripping me. When she had me naked, she mounted the bed and looking into my eyes began to give me a blow job. It was like being attached to a suction pump as she stroked me, running her mouth up and down my shaft, teasing the bit underneath the head before driving it down into her throat. All the time her eyes never left mine, her lust, her love was fully on display and in what appeared to be no time, I came and came. I thought I would never stop cumming.
"Afterwards, she used her whole body to massage mine. Her tits caressed me from head to toe and by the time she was back to the middle she found something remarkably hard blocking her path. She took the obstacle in her stride as she lowered herself onto me and began to fuck me for all she was worth. Her pussy muscles were squeezing and releasing me. It was like she had found an extra hand from somewhere. Despite, just cumming a few minutes before, I was close already as she began grinding her pussy and clit down on me. We came together and I'm sure everyone in the motel knew that!
"'Two down, one to go, stud," she said. Every cell in my body tingled, I had never felt so sated after sex but still she wasn't finished. "I pride myself on giving value for money and honoring our contract" as she began using her mouth to revive the newly dead. Her resuscitation technique should be used in emergency rooms as despite doubting that I would be able to get an erection in a week, let alone an hour, she soon had me hard again. She reached into her purse and took out some lube which she used on us both. She got onto her back and held herself open for me. "Fuck me stud" she said as she placed my cock at her back entrance and I just shoved fully into her.
"As I fucked her, she shouted for me to pound her, to make her mine. I did and my cardio workout was through the roof. This time I held on as she had one, two, then three massive orgasms as I varied from rubbing her clit, her boobs or fingering her pussy and G spot. She started to really fuck me back. "Come now" she said so I pounded even harder and soon felt my cum as though it was coming from my toenails as I slammed into her. She came at the same time and we collapsed together on the bed.
"I don't know how long we lay wrapped together like that, but it seemed like ages. When we recovered, we showered and dressed together. She had had me bring a bag for her from home. I was surprised when she put on her panties and asked why? She calmly said she was a wife, not a hooker!
"We went home and over the next few days we would speak about it. I asked about her fantasies and told her that if she asked for them openly and honestly, there were few things I would deny her. One of those was probably involving others as I had seen friends play around and that seldom worked out. If we played together, just us, no one could be hurt. She agreed with me on that but would never despite all my attempts, tell me her fantasies.
"We had other roleplays which were just as successful if you judge by being unable to breathe or feel your balls ache for days afterwards. I thought we were happy. I did suggest she dress a little bit more fashionably, not slutty, but show herself off as she is the most beautiful woman on the planet as far as I am concerned. She never did until I had the misfortune to run into Dan and his manipulative wife Jacqui."
The yard was tidy now apart from the corner, they and the girls were going to plant vegetables there, but would they get to do that now. He needed a drink and made his way to the kitchen for some coffee. As he drank, he looked out and saw the pile of logs which needed to be chopped for the fire pit or the wood burner. It was a job he normally put off until it was needed or if he was in a bad mood and wanted to get it out of his system. Still no word from Maddie and while his thoughts were slightly more organized, his mood was getting even darker especially the longer Maddie took to contact him.
After the coffee he headed to his shed and took out his axe. He was just at the pile when the back gate opened but instead of Maddie it was Dan. Talk about picking a bad moment! "Hi Jay" was all Dan got out when Jay told him to "fuck off!" Jay told him he loaned his tools to friends and they were no longer friends. Have the tools back today as if he came for them, he would use them to give Dan a new asshole! Dan had never seen Jay look so mad and believed him. He tried to speak but Jay just gripped the axe tighter, so with discretion the better part of valor, Dan headed home extremely worried by Jay's reaction and what was about to happen.
Once home he told Jacqui who was all for going around and sorting Jay out. Dan stopped her and told her it was all her fault. She broke the agreed plan. Maddie was supposed to have been dropped off at her home, to make love to Jay and cement their love. She wanted to taste Maddie's pussy again so brought her home. Jay wasn't placated by Maddie he was getting angrier as Maddie wasn't there and that was all on Jacqui. Dan had never stood up to her before and she was scared. Her plan couldn't have gone wrong. She decided to call Jamie and see if she could help.
As she called Jamie, she could hear the rhythmic tempo of the logs being split. There was no let up. She knew anger was fueling this. What was wrong, she was sure she had him last night, uptight Jay. He had furiously wanked off onto her face though he had seemed really fucking angry just before he did it. She had thought he was beginning to accept what had happened and would calm down.
Apparently not! Jacqui told Jamie what had happened, and Jamie was as shocked as she was initially but then remembered Maddie's face as she spoke with him as Kirk fucked her doggy style. When she asked what had happened when Maddie went home, Jacqui told her she had brought her to her home as she wanted to play later.
"Fuck's sake Jacqui, no wonder Jay is mad, he thinks she's still fucking everyone."
She had to speak with Jay and told Jacqui she would call her straight back.
Jamie thought quickly about how she should speak with Jay. She didn't want him to know she knew he was still angry about last night. She decided to go with the happy to have met them and hope he was looking forward to their party next week where she had a surprise for him. She called him and let the phone ring as Jacqui had said he was working in the yard. Finally, he answered the phone.
"Hi," was all she got out.
Jay screamed down the phone at her, "I hope you are all happy, you lied to me, you deceived me, you humiliated me and betrayed all my trust and friendship so you could get into my wife's panties. Did you even think of the damage you are causing to our girls? Did it even cross your mind I wasn't into that? Of course, it did otherwise you would have told me. Friends don't do that. We cannot be friends, don't come near me. The only reason you aren't all dead is that that would cost my girls both their mum and dad. Now fuck off!"
As he rang off, Jay thought that he really needed an old-fashioned phone as that would have been far more satisfying slamming the handset down. He went back to finish the logs.
Jamie was in shock. She had never heard Jay like that, the anger in his voice and the malice contained within it was primeval. When he mentioned his girls, she could hear the agony in him. She broke down into tears. Kirk came to her and held her. She told him what Jay had said and he flinched. It was true they had never given any thought to the consequences of their actions. Maddie had to see him now before his anger grew further, so they called Jacqui.
Maddie had been having the sleep of the dead before a relentless, bang, - bang - bang - broke through Morpheus's window. What the hell was that noise? Where was she? This wasn't her room and where was Jay? What was that smell? As her brain fog cleared, she realized that she was at Jacqui's, but the plan was for her to fuck Jay. She realized the rank smell was her. As her thoughts went to last night, she remembered being high while Kirk was fucking her, that she had looked at Jay, about to ask him to join them but whatever he saw caused him anger and pain but what was it? He'd left when they had finished but she had been so high on the sex she had sex with many men and women for several hours at least. The plan was for her to go home and fuck Jay to death so why was she here?
She looked out the window and saw the reason for the banging noise. She saw Jay splitting logs. He was covered in sweat and there was no doubting that he was way beyond angry. She thought she heard him call out their names as he split the logs. For the first time, Maddie thought, "What have I done?"
She made her way downstairs and saw Dan and Jacqui speaking quietly in a corner of the kitchen. They looked worried. "What am I doing here? I was supposed to go home and fuck Jay to death but all I can see is him, splitting logs with a gusto. It looks like he's using our names as he splits the logs almost as if he's cutting our heads off." She made it sound light-hearted but when Dan told her about his encounter with Jay, Maddie was devastated, what had she destroyed?
Just then Jamie called. As they all listened, Maddie's heart sank even further. All she heard waslied to, deceived, humiliated, betrayed. Maddie's mind went back to what was happening just before Jay stormed out. He was watching her face, was there something on it that offended him? She asked them all what was on my face before Jay left. Jacqui said she was on the other side so didn't see Maddie's face.
Jamie said, "Maddie do you want the truth?"
"Yes!"
"If I said your eyes and face said to Jay,FUCK YOUthat would be mild."
Maddie just broke down, her tears streaming down her face. Her marriage, her girls, her life with Jay, all ruined. She needed to see him and try to put things right. It was then the final blow came. Jamie said at least he didn't know about the party we planned for next week.
Maddie screamed "No!"
She remembered being so high and so keen to repeat her experience but with Jay participating, she had phoned home and was surprised he didn't answer so she left a message on the answering machine. Jay knew.
It took Maddie almost a quarter of an hour to compose herself. She said her goodbyes. Jacqui couldn't even look at her. She braced herself and walked home.
Jay had just finished the logs thinking it was vaguely therapeutic, giving the logs their names and watching their heads roll. He went back into the kitchen for a drink before heading for a desperately needed shower. The hard graft had paid off, he had his thoughts in order, he just needed to see Maddie.
As he walked through towards his room, no longer our room, he thought, he heard the front door open. Maddie came in. She looked like she had aged ten years. Her eyes were bloodshot and puffy. She stank of stale sex.
She tried to be light-hearted, "Jay, we both could use a shower, let's clean each other off."
Jay's eyes bored into her, there was no humor there. She shrank further.
"You can shower in the guest room all your things are in there. After that we'll have lunch and talk."
"You've thrown me out!" an incredulous Maddie screamed.
"That room is for my wife I don't know who this Maddie is!" came the bitter reply.
Maddie had never seen this anger and resolve in Jay. The hurt and anguish in his eyes. She had only seen once before when his grandmother had died. They were extremely close. She was fond of recalling her Scots roots. The phrase, 'shoogly peg' came to mind immediately. It meant things were hanging by a thread and if not fixed they would break. She realized that was her marriage and her relationship with Jay and the girls. She began to cry again. Jay normally would have taken her in his arms, and she would feel safe. He just looked disgusted at her as he strode off to their room to shower. She went to the guest room and almost collapsed as she saw her clothes there, not where they belonged.
Her conscience chimed in, "did they belong even here?"
Maddie scrubbed and scrubbed herself clean in the shower. She flushed out her cunt (not a vagina or pussy but a slut's cunt, her conscience told her). She had stopped anyone playing with her bum. Only Jay had been there and only Jay would be allowed to go there. Only Jay had been in her cunt and mouth before last night as well. Finally, she stopped, cleaned her teeth and mouth, almost coughing as she tried to cleanse her throat. How many men had been in her mouth or cunt last night? She only knew she had hours of constant orgasms. From that high, she now felt disgust. What would Jay be feeling? She didn't think he felt any better than her.
She looked through her clothes to find something suitable to wear. She needed to be the demure wife, not a slut. She was clear in her mind that if given a chance she would make things right with Jay. Whatever he wanted to do to her was fine, she deserved all his anger and probably more. The smell of cooking came to her and she was surprised to find herself feeling hungry. She headed down.
Jay had thought just to fix lunch for himself but decided they had to talk and so needed some middle ground, no need to build more anger. He made scrambled eggs on toast, simple and not to taxing. He thought he may be able to keep it down. As he was about to shout her, Maddie arrived. He was surprised. She was dressed conservatively, like his wife of old, not the flighty clubber. His heart was torn. He wanted to hug her, but his mind only saw her face as Kirk fucked her from behind. It broke his heart.
The meal was silent. As they ate, they watched each other for any sign of affection, of hope but each was wary of making the first move and making things even worse. Finally, they finished eating and Maddie got up to clear up. After putting the dishes away, she stood in front of Jay.
Her eyes were down, she looked lost but steeled herself to speak to him., her voice trembling and devoid of life. "Jay, I cannot express my regret at what I have done, to you and to our girls. I thought I was giving you your fantasy while living mine. Every time I made any suggestion like that, I could see you weren't happy. I knew last night when I joked about being hot and what could happen at the club. You were angry, you weren't happy at all, but I managed to convince myself that you would be fine with it when it happened."
Her tone changed to pleading as she continued, "I was so wrong to dismiss you. I love you; I want you and our girls to be a family again. I will do anything you want me to do to make it up to you. Take me upstairs, tied me up, no safe words, use a gag so I can't scream, beat me black and blue. I deserve it and more for what I did to you. Do what you want, just give me a chance to mend this!"
Jay was struggling to come up with an answer. He knew while the offer was very tempting, he doubted he had the control not to go too far and it wouldn't solve anything. He would feel guilt for hurting her. His mind and her mind had to be reset.
He was saved from answering when the phone went. He went over and saw that it was Maddie's sister Amy. He gave the phone to Maddie. "Hi Amy," she said.
She was surprised to hear Amy's response. "What the fuck is going on Maddie? I've had Jay's mum asking what is wrong between you both. She said she had never heard his voice so full of pain. What did you do?"
Maddie could only tell her that she had screwed up really, really big time.
"How bad on a scale of 1 -- 10?"
"1000."
Amy was shocked. Not only by the level of screw up but the tone of Maddie's voice which said something was really, terribly wrong.
"Maddie, put Jay on please."
When Jay took the phone, Amy said, "Jay if you want me to butt out, just say so but I can tell both Maddie and you are hurting. Your mum is worried about you. Do you think if the amigos spoke with Maddie, we could help you in any way?"
Jay heard the concern and worry in her voice. Jay replied, "I don't know. I know that if she speaks withJacqui(said with venom) she will say it's all my fault, controlling Jay, stuffy Jay, Fuck Jay! Maybe that's right. I just don't know."
Amy had never heard Jay talk like that, his voice was dull, monotone, the hurt was heard in every syllable. What had her elder sister done? "Jay, tell her how you feel and what she needs to do. I'll organize the amigos. Can you put her back on?"
When Maddie got the phone, Amy told her that she was meeting with the amigos and they would help her sort this out if possible but first she had to listen to what Jay had to say. After that, call her and the meeting would go ahead. Maddie found herself agreeing. She even had a faint smile. The Amigos, her friends who she saw less of because she spent all her time with Jacqui. The friends who had helped her though everything and supported her. They had never made her feel that Jay controlled her. They thought Jay was a great husband. She knew they would tell her the truth. Was Jay right or was Jacqui, right?
She turned back to Jay and said, "Amy said to listen to you and then meet with the amigos who will help me if they can. Is that alright with you? Do you want to go upstairs and beat me like I deserve? I'll do what you want." Her voice sounded defeated with no hope.
Jay looked at his wife, "Maddie, I'm not going to beat you. I don't know if I could stop. I have been thinking extremely hard about what has happened, about why it happened and what we need to do to make things right, if possible. I thought you loved me. I worshipped you and loved to make you happy. That's why I am partly to blame. I told you Jacqui was bad. I told you I didn't like what she was doing to you. I never stood up and said she had crossed the line. I now know I should have shoutedNOto you, but I went along with it.
"We had our rules and I never thought that you would break them until we were about to leave for the club when you said something could happen. I knew then to walk away but I believed you when you said you were just teasing me; but you weren't. I thought you loved me enough to stick to our rules or at least be honest with me!"
"Jay, I do love you with all my heart!" Maddie exploded.
"Maddie, I never told you that I was told by some friends some months ago they had seen you -probably cheating on me - dancing, allowing men to paw you but I said no they must be mistaken Maddie wouldn't do that to me. Then I saw you at the club dancing with those two men, humping one while the other felt you up. You were in your own world and I wasn't in it."
Maddie's worse nightmare was happening as she found her head in her hands. He had seen her!
"The car ride home with Jacqui and her playing with you was horrendous.
"I think I know everything which happened, but I can't get my head around why it was done. I don't know if we can survive, our marriage is hanging by a thread. If we didn't have the girls, I wouldn't be here. I'd be at my lawyer tomorrow to get a divorce.
"For us to have any chance, I need to know everything which went on during your nights out, if you let men paw you, if you blew them or fucked them. I want to know everything about your plan to get me to the club and why you wanted to be fucked in front of me. I want to know why you thought it okay to lie to me, to deceive me, to humiliate me and betray me. Why my so-called friends were all in on it?
"If I hear everything, I don't know how I will react but I do know that if you leave anything out and someone comes to me and says that they saw you do this or that with a bloke or two or three, we are done. That is non-negotiable.
"If the amigos side with Jacqui and you, I suppose I'll have to accept that I am that control freak bastard and that you needed to do this.
"I don't know what was in you as you faced me when Kirk mounted you but it was a look of such total distain for me and anything I represented, that I was a piece of shit and could just get to fuck! You'll have to explain that."
That description stunned Maddie!
"Finally, before you will ever be back in my bed, you'll need to get a clean bill of health from the STD clinic. I don't know how many people fucked you last night -- yet - but I'm not risking anything. If you can do all that, we may have a slim chance."
Maddie had stood shocked at Jay's calm tone as he went through everything. The words hurt but his pain was clear. She knew she had to tell him things she didn't want to, but he seemed to have put the whole thing together so she couldn't escape telling him everything. How was she to do that? She needed time and the help of her amigos. She was sure Jacqui wouldn't be much help. She'd just tell her to screw around like her. Maddie loved Jay and her girls, so she resolved to do what he wanted but baulked at the STD clinic. She was sure the amigos would support her on that.
"Jay, while I see the amigos, you need to speak with someone. Your father and you are close, and you often find talking to him helps. Tell him what you need to tell him. Tell him I'm a whore and what I did if you need to. You need a friend now as well as I do. I'll phone Amy and then you phone your dad."
Maddie had never been so nervous meeting her friends. The Amigos, Amy, Stacy, Ann, and Maddie had been inseparable. They exchanged stories about boyfriends and held each other through teenage breakups. They were, she realized, her rocks and she felt shabby for the way she had side-lined them for Jacqui. Now they were going to try and help her rescue her marriage though after looking in Jay's eyes she held out little hope.
Amy had cleared her husband and kids from her house and the three of them were waiting for her. They were shocked when they saw how she looked. They could tell she was in a lot of pain, but she seemed defeated, not the normal Maddie. Stacy and Ann had been astounded when Amy had called them for an amigo pow-wow. When she told them that when she asked Maddie on a scale of 1-10 how wrong, she had replied 1000, they were gob smacked. What could be so wrong?
Maddie would have loved a glass of wine or even better something far stronger but that wouldn't help. She told them a potted version of what had happened the previous night. Stacy was the one who asked the questions. Why did she have to be a lawyer? What did Jay say about how he felt about what had happened?
He said, "we lied to him, deceived him, humiliated him, and betrayed him."
When Maddie said "humiliated" Stacy raised her hands to her face. She looked like she was sobbing. Maddie tried to save face by telling them that Jay had wanked off over Jacqui's face before he left. Stacy's hands went to her face again and she shook as she sobbed. Worse than that he wanted her to go to the STD clinic before touching her.
They all sat in silence, Maddie looking at her sister and their friends. All seemed extremely disappointed in her to say the least, as she was coming to be herself. Finally, Stacy said she knew what Jay was on about and how he was asking for what he wanted to know. Maddie asked her to tell her so she could make Jay feel better, if possible.
Stacy said, "Maddie if I just told you, it would have little meaning. Let me help you understand why he has said the words he has. They were chosen not deliberately to hurt you but to get through to you the pain you have caused. I don't know if Jay can love you after this but for any chance you have to do as he asks. He was innocent in all this. His only crime was to allow you to manipulate him."
Maddie flinched at that but knew worse was to come.
"Jay has always looked after you, given you everything you ever asked for if he was able. He worshipped you. He would have died to save you. Everything you did last night, you had discussed beforehand with others, not him.
"Maddie, when we spoke before you talked about roleplay with Jay, can you tell us about that?"
Maddie told them yes, they had often roleplayed. They had a lot of fun. When asked to describe one she told them about playing the hooker and how she almost had two extra clients. She said the thought of them joining Jay and her to watch or even join in was such a big turn on.
When Stacy asked, "why not include them as you were a hooker."
Maddie heard herself say, "Our rules were to include only us as including others can cause a lot of problems". Maddie started to cry as it truly dawned on her that she had broken their rules.Ourrules, not his rules as Jacqui said. They discussed everything together, but now she had excluded Jay. If she hadn't this would never have happened.
Stacy continued, "We know from the amigos nights out and dinner with you both, that you have an active sex life. Some of the stories you shared get us hot as well. You flirt and show but always returned to Jay who got the benefit of it. Our husbands were aroused, and we all have had the benefit of it. I'm sure Jay has inadvertently seen parts of us we normally keep secret as well. But you never took it further to include them or us.
"Did the flirting turn you on? Did you want more?"
"Yes, at first, I enjoyed the attention and that it aroused Jay but the more I did it, the more I wanted others to watch us or even join in. I could never tell Jay that."
"Has Jay ever suggested or done anything repulsive to you without considering your feelings?"
Maddie shook her head.
"Have you ever refused Jay some act because it repulsed you?"
"Jay's never asked for something like that."
"Has Jay ever come over your face?"
Maddie replied no but she had told him he could if he wanted. She just wanted to please him.
"Maddie, Jay has never thought of cumming over a person's face, like in the porn films, as he feels it is disrespectful to someone you should be caring for. If he came over Jacqui's face it was probably because the other alternative was to murder her for her part in this."
Maddie had not thought of that perspective but after Stacy's words thought it highly probable after what Jamie had said about him wanting to kill them all. Tears filled her eyes, but she knew there was more to come.
Stacy looked at Maddie and said, "Maddie, I'll let you in on some background to Jay from before you met him. When we were younger, we often hung out with friends together. We would have discussions, often coming around to sex or things we didn't like. One night someone asked what the most humiliating thing you think that you may to have to do. We got all sorts of answers from skinny dipping to streaking through the school.
"Jay answered, "going to the STD clinic. Everyone knowing you may have something you caught from a whore," as we all knew it was only whores who went there. Now we know it is the wives of the men who have played but we didn't know that then.
"Last night you humiliated Jay so much he wants you to feel some of his humiliation that you all caused him. This was until last night, the worst thing that he thought could happen to him.
"Maddie, you have two choices. Accede to Jay's request for the whole nine yards, what you have done, who planned this, every detail because he has told you any other offences which come to light after this one chance will be met by divorce. Or. Decide that you don't want to save your marriage tell him and begin to move on without him. Legally you will get access to the girls. Here you are free to be a clubber and a swinger if you want. Decide carefully.
"When you go home, tell Jay which direction you are looking at going. If acceding to his wishes, ask for a day or two to get everything together so that you don't err and cause problems later. A small word of advice; don't go near Jacqui or go out with her or any of your friends from last night. If you must speak to her to get information, tell Jay first so that he knows you are not going behind his back. Jay won't stand for that until this is sorted, if ever."
Maddie sat contemplating what Stacy had said. She looked into the eyes of her friends and saw their concern and even now their love for her. She felt so ashamed. She began to cry, the sobs coming from the depths of her soul. Amy moved around her and hugged her to her. The others left but told Amy to call if she needed any further help. An hour later, Amy's husband Bill arrived back with the kids to find Maddie still crying, held tightly by Amy. Amy's look told him it was worse than anything they had imagined. He took the kids to the kitchen and began their tea.
Maddie realized that Amy's family was back, so she drew on the last of her strength and told her she was heading home. Perhaps Jay was back from meeting his father.
On the drive home, she decided that she had to try and salvage her marriage. She didn't need nightclub gropes or swinger sex she needed the most important people in her life to be in that life. She needed Jay and the girls!
Maddie arrived home but Jay's car wasn't there. She let herself into the empty house and realized that this could be her future. She felt the tears but tried to control herself, they were needed but couldn't help just now. She thought she would use the time to begin putting everything together for Jay, but her mind was everywhere, she couldn't concentrate. Each minute seemed like an eternity. Was that how he felt when she wasn't home following last night? Did he think she was too busy fucking to care about him? Fuck, she had been! She tried to control her thoughts but each one was worse, has he been in an accident distracted by his thoughts, could she have killed him?
Forty minutes after she arrived, Jay came in the door. In relief, she went to hug him, but he held her back from him.
"I'm sorry Jay, I was just so relieved to see you. How did your meeting with your dad go? Did he say how the girls were?"
Jay told her it had gone as well as it could have gone. He had deliberately kept what was wrong vague and his dad didn't pry but gave him a lot of good advice. (Like don't take the fucking blame if it's not your fault but he would keep that to himself). The girls are fine, not missing us - they are being spoiled rotten.
Maddie asked if he had eaten, should she cook a meal for them. Jay agreed and Maddie said she would update him after the meal about the amigos and their plans.
The meal passed in almost stony silence, each alone with their thoughts. When they thought the other wasn't looking, they would steal a glance to try and fathom out what the other planned or wanted.
After the meal was over Maddie felt desperately need of a drink but knew that wouldn't help. She would be too drunk to speak or control what she said, which could be worse. She steeled herself.
"Jay, can I speak with you?"
"Go ahead Maddie. I'm paying attention."
Jay's eyes never left hers. It looked like he was trying to see into her tormented soul, to seek out lies. Jay could see her breathing deeply, trying to focus on what she had to say. Again, her voice trembled and was mostly devoid of life.
"Jay, what I offered to you earlier still stands. If you decide you want that, just tell me and I'll go upstairs and prepare for you to beat me. I deserve that and more for the hurt I have caused you and by that, our girls.
"The Amigos backed you 100%. I told them what had happened, and I took all the blame. Jay you did nothing wrong, I just ignored you, I was so caught up in Jacqui's game. Stacy should be a lawyer," she quipped. "She asked me about roleplay, and I told her about playing a hooker and wishing the two guys had joined us. She asked if we had rules and I said yes- just the two of us play as including others can harm you. I fully realized then that I broke our rules. She told me what you thought about cumming on someone's face. When you had come on Jacqui's face it was probably instead of killing her.
"She told us about the talk you had years ago about what was the most humiliating thing you could imagine and why you chose the STD clinic. I saw that this was the closest to what you felt last night.
"I cannot undo last night though if I could, I would. I should have let you eat me, take my panties off, and carry me upstairs instead I chose the wrong option, for which I will be eternally sorry.
"I don't deserve anything from you, but I want to try and save our marriage if possible. You asked for the whole truth. For me to give you that, I need to speak with Jacqui and Jamie. I know I cannot promise you that nothing will happen as my word is meaningless just now. I can only say that I will not break our rules ever again. I need your permission to speak to them as I won't go behind your back as that would only makes things worse if that's at all possible."
"Why do you need to speak with them?" asked Jay as he wasn't happy with that. He had heard her pain in her voice and that troubled him.
"They can tell me exactly what happened last night, what I did, who with. I need to know because I don't want something to come up later and spoil any chance of reconciliation. I'll make sure you know the time and where. If at Jacqui's maybe you could find some way to listen in somehow."
"Will you discuss Thursday's night out and Jamie's party next weekend?"
"No. No more girl's nights out and no more swinging parties unless you ask for one. Just last night and what happened and with who."
"If you need to but at least you know and seem to care that I am unhappy about it. Be careful."
A relieved Maddie stated "Thank you. I'll phone Jacqui now, if front of you so you can hear the arrangements."
It was settled that Jacqui and Jamie would meet her at Jacqui's at 10am the next morning. All thought that given the nature of the conversation they were to have a private home was a better location. From the tone of Maddie's voice, Jacqui knew she wasn't getting into her pants any time soon. To be honest, Jacqui was in the doghouse not only with Jay but with Dan. He was being very assertive and blaming her for everything. Normally she had him wrapped around her finger. She knew her own marriage was now at risk and she was surprised to find she didn't want to lose Dan.
After speaking with Jacqui, Maddie asked Jay if he wanted anything. Just the whole truth he replied. Maddie made her way to her bedroom, pausing slightly against the door of the master bedroom. As her eyes filled, she wondered if she would ever get in there ever again. Did she deserve to?
Jay had wanted to speak with her but needed to organize his thoughts after his meeting with his dad. His dad could sense something bad had gone on but wisely, kept away from the details. Did Jay really need every detail? Yes, he thought he had to know the absolute worst. He was tortured about asking her to go to the STD clinic, but he couldn't take that back.
Jay was knackered, so he made his way to his bedroom. He paused at the door. He could hear Maddie sobbing in her room. He wanted to go to her, but he couldn't. His own eyes filled. He fell into bed and to his surprise was asleep almost immediately.
The Aftermath - Monday Day 2

The next morning Jay woke early and as he got up to go to take a shower, his body told him in no uncertain terms that it did not appreciate his log splitting yesterday. Maddie had been awake as she had slept badly with her brain going everywhere despite being told to shut up. She heard Jay's loud groan and thinking Jay was in trouble, went through to help him.
As she entered the room, he glared at her.
"Jay, I'm sorry, I heard you and thought you were in trouble. I didn't mean to intrude."
Jay relented and reduced his anger. "Just my body telling me I'm not eighteen anymore."
"If you need me to rub anything on parts you can't reach, call me," Maddie said as she left. She didn't want to make him angry. Why did she just run into the room?
Later over breakfast Maddie asked Jay if he had any particular questions that he wanted an answer for; if he had could he write them out and she would ask them and make sure he had an answer.
The clock was infuriating that morning speeding up and slowing down. Maddie tried to focus on the questions she needed to ask as well as the ones Jay had given her. No surprise they were about Jacqui and her own facial expression. She was worried that Jacqui and Jamie would want to get into her panties. Could she refuse them? I must if I want Jay; she repeated to herself time after time.
Finally, it was time to head off. She went to tell Jay and promised him she would obey their rules. When she arrived at Jacqui's she found that not only Jamie was there but Dan, Mike, and Cindy. Kirk was working. She was shocked, what would Jay think? Would he think she lied again? Jamie saw her anguish and said they wanted to be here to help.
Maddie took a few breaths. "I'll call Jay and tell him. No secrets."
Jay was not pleased but at least she had told him.
It was close to twelve when Maddie arrived back home. Even she had been shocked at what they had told her. She had the answers to Jay's questions bar one. Now she just had to put it all together.
Jay had been on the phone. Cheryl had called to update him and again offered to help. When he came of the phone, he had a wry smile as his memory went to Maddie playing as his secretary being fucked over his desk. His eyes blurred. That wasn't likely to happen again.
Maddie caught his change and asked him what was wrong. He thought of lying but decided to tell her. Maddie remembered the game. She was a "poor" secretary and had made a bad mistake (sounds like déjà vu). Her boss had given her the option to be fired or be punished. She took the punishment as she didn't want her husband to know. Jay told her to lean over the desk, lifted her skirt and pull her panties down. Her pussy was left framed by her garters and stockings. He made her wait. She was thinking what if someone comes into the office as there were people in the building. As he spanked her, she thought others could hear her screams which turned her on. When done reddening her bum, he fucked her like there was no tomorrow.
She blushed, smiled, and told him she was sure Cheryl would be up for it if he proposed it. They had often joked about that, but each knew it would not be taken further.
During lunch, Maddie told Jay she had all the information bar one he had asked for. She was going to head off this afternoon, alone, to a place of good memories for her and write down the whole story for him. Her phone was fully charged and if he wanted to confirm she was alone he should.
She didn't tell him she was heading to the cove where they had first parked up. Maddie had been prepared to repel his attempts at boarding her, but he didn't try. Instead, he pointed out the stars and constellations, making her laugh when he said that he often found them to be like people parts and started pointing out the noses, ears, boobs, pricks, even Orion's big ass. She found herself laughing easily. He didn't take himself seriously and seemed to genuinely like her.
After a few dates she was worried as still he hadn't tried anything on. Did he not find her attractive? When he had first kissed her, it was the first time she had ever felt something more than lips meeting. The kiss seemed to cause her body to explode. She was amazed. He kissed her a few times and spoke so softly she felt she was in a dream. She was confused. "Wow" she said as they broke apart. He just smiled at her and the look from his eyes make her knees weak.
Still he didn't try to get to first base. She could see that he really cared for her. She wanted him like she had never wanted anyone before or since. She didn't want to appear to be a slut so just waited for him to make the first move. It took a few weeks, but they were back at the cove, alone, a beautiful clear sky with stars a plenty.
He placed a blanket on the beach, and they sat there, his arms around her. She felt safe but more than that, loved. An experience she had only felt with her family until then. He kissed her and she found herself kissing him back fiercely. He took her head in his hands and kissed her from her forehead, down her nose and cheeks, around her lips and down her neck. She had never experienced this before and she swooned, like in the romantic novels, her mum read. As he kissed her, she felt his hand come up and caress, lightly, her left breast. Her nipples seemed to explode. She had never felt them so upright. As she experienced that she stopped kissing him back.
Jay noticed and stopped what he was doing, apologizing if he had done anything wrong. She didn't want to tell him, that she felt herself wet, downstairs. At first, she thought she had urinated. She realized she had never been so wet not even when she masturbated. She kissed him with a passion she never knew she had.
Jay had continued, agonizingly slowly. Her body felt on fire, every nerve ending yearning to be touched. She lost herself in her feelings and was surprised when she felt Jay kiss and caress her naked breasts. How had he got her clothes off? She never realized her breasts and nipples were so sensitive. Jay knew just how to work them. Her body was rising to him. She felt his hand move lightly up her thigh towards her hot and very wet vagina. She had to decide. She found that she wanted this to continue. But if she did, he needed to know a few things.
Using all her resolve, she turned Jay and placed him on his back. He tried to apologize again but she put her finger to his mouth. She told him she wanted to as much as he did, maybe even more but he should know a couple of things about her. She was on the pill as her mum thought it was better that she was careful rather than pregnant. She was a virgin, no one had been as far as he had been allowed. She had only given a couple of boys' hand jobs in the past.
He tried to look into her eyes, but his eyes kept going to her naked breasts so to indicate she had stopped talking and needed action she straddled him and fed him her breasts. He seemed to like this position as he ate her breasts, twisting and teasing, biting, and sucking, she was experiencing feelings she had never had before. His hands were under her skirt and soon her panties. He was a torturer, he caressed her soaking wet lips, moved down around her anus and up and around again and again, so lightly it was driving her mad, but never including her clit. She was breathing deeply; she could hardly focus when she felt her panties being pulled down her thighs. Finally, she thought!
Not for the first time that night she was wrong. When Jay had her panties down, he turned her onto her back and she expected to have his penis in her, in fact she was desperate for it. Instead he kissed his way down to her vagina. What was he doing? Suddenly, she felt his breath on her labia. This was followed by a slight kiss, more kisses, more deep kisses as he kissed all along her vagina. She thought she had died and gone to heaven. Her hips were rising to him, her hands trying to force his head to stop by her clit. The moment arrived when he took her clit in his mouth and alternatively blew and sucked on it. She came for thefirsttime with another person. Still he wasn't finished. He continued, kissing, and licking her clit and vagina. She felt herself rise towards another orgasm as he inserted some fingers into her finding her G spot. She felt like she was trying to drive his head into her.
As her orgasm subsided, he watched her - smiling.
She said, "your turn" and pulled him towards her. He took his time making sure she was okay with him as he entered her slowly, stopping every inch or so to make sure he wasn't hurting her. The sensations just seemed to build in her. After he was fully in her, he stopped letting her get used to him being inside her. After savoring these strange feelings for a few minutes Maddie began to push back at him and he took the hint. He built slowly and she held on. Her vagina was on fire, the feeling of a penis in her for the first time causing unknown beautiful sensations.
Jay was amazed at the feelings he was having. Maddie's pussy was so hot and felt like it was caressing him. He was trying everything he could think off not to come too soon. He slowed but Maddie was having nothing to do with this. She told him I want you to cum now. She squeezed as she said that, and he exploded. He had never cum like that before. He spurted time and time again something he never knew he could.
If he thought that was it, he was wrong. As they clung to each other, Maddie's pussy muscles caressed him, like they were a hand. Soon he was hard again, and they began fucking. Neither could last long and they both exploded together. Now they could hardly breathe. As they recovered, they hugged each other.
Maddie surprised him by losing her skirt and walking into the water to wash herself. She beckoned for him to join her. She said his car would stink for weeks if they didn't wash. She was right. Afterwards they could hardly tear themselves apart as he dropped her at home.
Maddie came and hugged her mum and whispered, "he's the one."
Later when introduced properly she liked what she saw, how he looked after Maddie and cared about everyone.
As Maddie drove to the cove, she thought about what she was about to do. At worst, it could be used against her in a divorce but at best it could save her marriage. As she turned down the long road towards the cove, she felt herself becoming wet. How can I be excited about what I'm about to do she thought? Then it dawned on her!
One night she had been driving down this road when she saw blue lights behind her. A cop was pulling her over. She was sure she hadn't done anything wrong. She wound down the window, but the cop had no social skills.
"What's wrong officer?"
"You were speeding 35 in a 25 area."
There was no speed limit here, but the role was a fantasy of hers.
She played along. "Officer, please don't give me a ticket. My husband said he would sell my car if I got another ticket."
"Lady, that's not my problem. Your speeding is."
They had gone back and forward with her pleading for mercy. Finally, she said, "Officer, I'll do anything you want, please don't give me a ticket."
"Get out of the car lady," he ordered.
She had gotten out of the car. He roughly pushed her against her car, turning her away from him. He began to frisk her, for any weapons no doubt, but seemed to spend a lot of time on her breasts. Her nipples were trying to cut through her blouse. The cop used his stick to spread her legs and she felt it travelling slowly up towards her pussy. The cop then stroked it along her lips, in and out as though he was fucking her panties. She was soon very wet.
"Take you panties off and lean over the hood," the cop instructed.
Maddie did as she was told, telling the cop to do anything that he wished just not give her a ticket. He moved her legs as far apart as they could go. She expected him to fuck her doggy style over the hood. Instead, he stood in front of her and unzipped himself. His cock was rock hard. She was unprepared for his grabbing her hair and forcing his cock deep into her mouth. As he face fucked her, she felt the nightstick, run along her wet pussy. It moved away before she felt the end at her rose bud, then it was slowly inserted all the way in.
As he fucked her mouth, the stick pulled out her ass. As he pulled out, the stick fucked her. She felt the breeze against her labia. She knew if anyone came along the road or was jogging past, her pussy was totally exposed, her face and ass being abused. At that thought, she could feel her wetness flowing down her legs. Would they join in or just watch? Would Jay let them? She was startled to find that she wanted them to watch and join in. It drove her on. Soon she was about to orgasm despite being so abused as she was so turned on. She orgasmed just before the officer came down her throat.
She thought her "ordeal" was over but what the officer said set her heart pumping.
"Lady, when you get home, you confess everything to your husband about what has happened here. You are to let him do that to you, tonight, when you get home."
Maddie nodded her consent as the officer drove off. She had to wait five minutes to recover before she felt safe to drive.
When she arrived home, Jay was there asking what had taken her so long to come from her friends. She had to tell him she had been pulled over for speeding and all what had happened. He was angry but seemed to calm slightly when she told him the officer had told her to have Jay do that to her as well to teach her a lesson about speeding.
"We'd better get upstairs then," Jay said. "We don't have a nightstick so what do we have in our box of tricks that's about the same size?"
Maddie blanched. The only thing near the size of the nightstick was a large dildo. It was thicker and she never thought she would be able to take it in her ass.
"How did he do you?"
"He put me over the hood!"
Jay pulled out the ottoman. "Assume the position. I have told you repeatedly that your speeding will get you killed but you never listen to me."
Jay was really playing the upset husband. He grabbed my wrists and pulled me forward. I fell onto the ottoman. My mouth just the right height for what appeared to be an extremely hard erection in Jay's pants.
He grabbed my hair and unzipped himself.
"What is this lesson for" he asked me.
"Don't speed, speeding costs lives."
Jay banged her mouth for a few minutes and Maddie forgot about the dildo until she felt it at her ass. She tried to get her mouth free to say NO, but Jay held her. "The cop said you have to be punished." He must have lubed it while she was distracted with her mouth full. Even then, with the lube and the effect of the real nightstick, she felt it stretch her but finally it was all in her. She had never been so full. Unlike the roadside stop, this time the cock and the dildo went in and out together, so she was either full or empty, never between. The sensation of not being in control aroused her again and she felt her fingers move to her clit. She missed the excitement of thinking that she was being watched so needed to help herself towards her orgasm.
"Don't you dare. This is a punishment not a pleasure" Jay said harshly.
Reluctantly, she kept her fingers away from where she needed them. Arousing as this was; she needed to stimulate herself to come. Her thoughts went back to the roadside stop. What if someone had come along and saw her? Would they have come up and wanked over her ass? If a woman would Jay have let her eat her pussy? The dildo in her ass was driving her thoughts never having it there before, more pulses of pleasure were going off in her. Soon Jay was fucking her mouth in a way which she knew meant he wasn't going to last long. She heard his groan and then his cum met the back of her throat. She swallowed as much as she could. When he was finished, he took the dildo out of her ass. She was sad to let the feeling of fullness go. She hadn't cum.
Jay had her cuddle into him, and she thought if he falls asleep soon, she will finish the job he had started. After a few minutes, Jay didn't fall asleep, he started working his way down her body until he came to her pussy. He tongued, licked, probed, sucked, and drove her to not one but four orgasms; with her thinking about being watched or having someone join them; before he mounted her, making love to her, a loving husband to his loving wife. They both drifted off to sleep in each other's arms.
By the time she arrived at the cove, she felt she needed to bathe as she was so wet. Fortunately, being a weekday, the beach was empty, so Maddie stripped off and washed. After drying herself she steeled herself to her task.
From what the others had said about the sex club she knew her marriage was over, but she wanted to at least give Jay the closure. He could use it as a tool in the divorce if he wished. She had lost everything, what did it matter.
Maddie dictated onto her laptop. As she spoke and saw the words appear, it felt like she was speaking about another person. What had Jay said, "he didn't know who this Maddie was." Did she?
Finally, she had completed a rough draft. Jay hadn't called and she didn't know whether to be glad or not. Did he trust her or just didn't feel anything for her anymore? She decided to call him and tell him she was on her way back.
Jay had a meal ready for her when she returned. Again, they ate in near silence, both trying to avoid standing on the hot coals. After the meal Maddie brought Jay up to speed on how she was coming along with her story and that she hoped to have everything completed tomorrow. Jay could see the resolve in her eyes and told her to take her time, accuracy was more important than an artificial deadline.
Again, she repeated her offer to go upstairs and let him beat her like she deserved. Jay declined again. She went to her room. As she looked around, she knew she needed to organize boxes for her belongings. She didn't think that Jay would just throw her out immediately; but she knew she could not wait for long to find an apartment. She would also need to find a job.
As she lay sobbing in bed, she was aware of how empty it felt.
Jay had heard her as he went to his bed. He too found it lonely. He missed Maddie's scent, her touch. He wondered if he had gone too far in asking for the whole nine yards. Did she have enough already that would show some small indiscretion which could be fixed or was it as bad as his worst thoughts?
The Aftermath - Tuesday Day 3

The next morning, breakfast was a quiet affair. The whole house had a feeling that this was just about waiting for the execution. Jay was showing the stress and when Maddie suggested that he may be better if he had something to do, he decided to head to the office. Maddie asked if he would be home about the usual time. He didn't know if he would stay the whole day or head somewhere. Maddie told him she probably would be going out to get a few things, but she had her phone and he could confirm she was alone and not breaking their rules.
If he were home early and she had everything ready, did he want to hear it then or should they have their meal (their last one as husband and wife thought Maddie) first and then she would tell him everything.
"I could just read it."
"No." said Maddie firmly, "I want to tell you the whole story, so you can listen to my voice and know it's the truth. I am at fault and I need to tell you everything. If you read it, you'll just skip the parts that don't blame you. This is non-negotiable." She smiled as she recalled using his own words against him.
Jay agreed and headed to his office. He didn't know how he would get on, but Maddie was right, he was better when he was doing something. After he left, Maddie set about correcting her confession. "Yes" she thought, "Confession sounds about right rather than my story." She finished around 11am and decided she had better set off to the town as she collected everything, she needed to make their last meal memorable as well as complete her final task.
She returned home in the late afternoon, but Jay wasn't there. She prepared their last meal before heading to dress for the occasion. "How do you dress for a lynching," she thought? As she undressed, she noticed that she hadn't been keeping an eye on her hairy parts as they were sprouting. Both Jay and she preferred her smooth as it enhanced the sensation when he kissed her down there. While she knew he wouldn't be doing that to her again, she swiftly eliminated all traces of her pubic and anal hair.
Having completed that she had to decide what to wear. Did she want to be the demure wife or the woman who inflamed his senses. After much to-ing and fro-ing, she decided to go out blazing. She put on her black quarter cup bra which left her erect nipples free, the matching thong and garter set with black stockings. On top she wore a little satin black dress which flashed her stocking tops if she bent over too far. The satin caressed her exposed nipples and she was becoming aroused.
She went downstairs to await Jay. When he returned and saw Maddie he was confused. Did she dress so he would fuck her or was this to say this is what you are going to be missing?
Maddie sensed his unuttered question. "Jay, I know this is one of your favorite outfits for me to wear. I love you and wanted this meal to be able to say that to you. I don't expect anything from you, and neither am I giving you a message otherwise. If this is to be our last meal, I wanted you to have some happy thoughts about me. By the time you shower and change, I will have the meal ready."
Jay headed off. Certainly, that satin dress was a favorite. How her nipples danced when she wore it. His thoughts went to what Maddie had said, "I love you. Our last meal." That brought a lump to his throat. While still angry, he knew he still loved Maddie. As he showered, he went over everything. Did he still want Maddie? Could he ever get over what had happened?
Over the meal they avoided the elephant in the room as they talked about their day. Jay had been surprised how work had taken his mind of this evening. Maddie told him that she had completed her confession. That's a new meaning to what had been her story earlier he thought. She complained about the parking downtown which he agreed with her on.
Finally, Maddie could find no reason to put it off. She looked around to make sure she had everything she needed. Jay was looking at her though his eyes kept sinking to her nipples which brought a smile as she recalled the first time, they had made love. Her first time. How she wished she were as innocent today.
Maddie brought the document up and asked Jay if he was ready. With his nod, she took a few deep breaths then nervously, she began.
"Jay, before I get to everything that happened, I want to make sure that you understand that you have no blame in this. I never thought things would go this far, if I had, I would never had begun that journey.
"I have only loved one person and that person is you. The only ones close are our girls. I never set out with any intention of hurting you nor them.
"Ever since you took my virginity, we have had an excellent sex life, I didn't want for anything. You were patient, imaginative but mostly caring. I felt safe in doing things with you I had never thought possible. I found I liked flirting with other men and sometimes women. I liked the shock as they saw my pierced nipple, breasts, or panties. I knew you could see what I was doing, and our lovemaking afterwards was often intense.
"You asked me to dress more provocatively. I was reluctant as I wondered where it would end. Remember when we first went out with me wearing this outfit. My nipples were so hard being caressed by the satin and the knowledge you and others could see them. I knew you were hard as you were always shifting your trousers turned on by those men and women staring at me. We never spoke about it, but I could see your breathing was fast. The more I showed the more you beamed with pride. When I came back from the ladies' room before we left and handed you my soaking wet panties, you couldn't get me out of there quickly enough. We were hugging and kissing, both hot, before you dragged me into an alleyway, unzipped yourself and began fucking me. Dress up, hands against the wall like there was no tomorrow. There was no need for foreplay, that was in the restaurant. I came quickly just before you. Walking to the car, I could feel our juices running down my legs.
"The thought of someone seeing us turned me on so much but I could never tell you that when you asked. You'd have thought I was a slut. Turns out you would have been right," she said very sadly.
Jay could tell by her tone she was replaying happy memories but there was a sadness about her. He recalled their first time, even now it remained magical. Her flashing both aroused him and made him angry and jealous, but he had to admit their lovemaking thereafter was great.
"I was incredibly happy playing our games and knew our rules were safeguarding what we had. Then we met Jacqui and Dan. Everything was fine for a few months. As we grew closer, Jacqui would start on about her sex life and how Dan went along with it. I told her that was against our rules, but she made it seem that they were your rules imposed on me. She kept on at me to go out with her and live my own life. I decided to do that to quieten her. It all started so innocently. We would have a few drinks and come home. She was always on about sex and wanted to know what we were up to. I told her a few things which she thought were hot which turned me on. Afterwards, I found myself coming home needing to make love to you.
"She began to suggest going clubbing, but I would need a better wardrobe, like really revealing. That's when I started getting those clothes. Initially, I just danced with some blokes, nothing happened but Jacqui was outrageous. I saw her snog women, blow men and I'm sure she fucked some. She was obviously keeping an eye on my reactions as after one fuck she challenged me on whether watching it had turned me on and I had to say that it did. It's always been my main fantasy. I wanted to tell you, but I couldn't in case you thought less of me.
"That's when Jacqui started going on to me about getting you to let me have my fantasy. She would always say a man's main fantasy is about watching his wife being fucked. Whenever we talked in front of Dan, he kept quiet about it and my conscience was telling me he didn't like what Jacqui was doing. I should have listened to my conscience.
"Jacqui started on you, flashing her cunt, telling you I had been stroking Dan. I hadn't and still haven't touched him. I don't know if Dan told you anything, but you stopped reacting to Jacqui's barbs which drove her wild."
Jay found himself getting angry. Bloody Jacqui. This was what he had been expecting but it still shocked him. He tried to keep his emotions in check so Maddie wouldn't realize his anger.
"At clubs, Jacqui would get me more drunk and encourage me to play with the blokes, experience more contact. I let a few feel me up over my clothes. You know how aroused I get when my breasts are manhandled in the right situation. I would come home and have to fuck you. This wasn't enough for Jacqui as you never challenged her. She suggested expanding our "vanilla" love life with me tying you up or using more toys. She wanted proof and suggested I take some photos. We found it fun taking photos of each other. She demanded to see then. She told me how hot I was and how she loved your cock. I never knew she showed Dan. When that came out, I could tell you were mad, these were our private photos, not for anyone else. You covered up how angry you were to avoid Jacqui sneering at safe Jay, although I knew but I felt powerless to stop it.
"At the clubs and in her home, she would go on at me to live my fantasy. She encouraged me to watch what others were doing. I could see them groping each other, some had their tits out on display being kissed or mauled, some had hands below the tables and there was no doubt they were wanking each other. I saw what looked like blowjobs in progress as heads bobbed up and down. Even a few men eating pussies. Jacqui fucked several blokes while I watched. I asked what Dan got out of it, "sloppy seconds" she said.
"She said that I should let the blokes grope me more, even wank or blow them. Over several weeks, I did go over the score. I took my bra off at Jacqui's before we headed out. I allowed some to feel my breasts under my top. Only one managed to grope my cunt but I stopped him before he managed to turn me fully on. I was so turned on that when I came home after each night out, I had to have you. I sucked you, fucked you and slept safe in your arms, my wild emotions sated.
"I never had sex with anyone, never blew anyone though I did give a couple of hand jobs to guys Jacqui had lured to our table."
Jay was beyond shocked now. Who was this Maddie? His friends hadn't been lying. What was he to do but he knew there was more to come?
"Jacqui told me about her sex club and that I could watch people have sex. You would be reluctant to go but I could persuade you as you have never denied me anything I wanted. She dropped in again that the favorite male fantasy was to watch their wives being fucked. Jacqui said you would love it when it happened. I started to think about that, I thought we could both have our fantasies and become even closer. My conscience kept breaking in telling me I was betraying our rules, to tell you but I couldn't.
"She said she would prove it. As you worked out, rescuing us from the nightclub was a set up. She said we would be a bit drunker than usual. Dan was not happy he was to lie to you and told us he thought the whole thing was wrong and would blow up. Jacqui just shut him off. If only we had listened to him. Jacqui had seen how I liked watching women together so she said we would get in the back and she would play with me. You would be so hard you would fuck me as soon as we got in the door.
"I didn't know you had seen me on the floor humping one and being felt up by another. I was high. Jacqui had found some weed to help me relax. When Cindy found me and told me you were there, I was scared you had seen me. I knew the guy behind had my skirt up and some around us were able to see my cunt which did turn me on. If you saw that I was sure you would divorce me. Jacqui convinced me that you would have stopped it if you had seen it so just relax and stick with the plan.
"Jacqui started on at you when you went on about our no drugs rule. She knew what she was saying about me having sex with three men. How it would play with your mind. She was just stirring you up. You didn't know the main feature was about to start.
"In the back of the car, I made out that I was out of it, not too far from the truth. When you asked where my panties were, I almost died. Your tone was not happy, just short of furious. I blamed Jacqui and asked for them before slumping back. I didn't know Jacqui was going to go as far or I would have tried to stop her. I feigned being out of it and watched your reaction as Jacqui started kissing me. I was surprised when she started on my breasts, but I couldn't stop her. They were reacting to her. I could see you in the mirror struggling with your emotions. On one part aroused and on another furious. You didn't want Jacqui to win and she knew she could go as far as she wanted as you wouldn't stop her as it would prove you were stuffy Jay. I thought we were going to crash as several times you lost control of the car.
"When she started fingering me and then pumping me, I couldn't fake that I wasn't having an orgasm even though I was trying to pretend I was asleep. She held your eyes in the mirror as she did it, gloating at her command of you.
"When we dropped Cindy off, I felt her lift my skirt and knew Mike was seeing my cunt. I knew it would be arousing you but provoking you as well. It did turn me on. When we dropped Jacqui off, I could tell the tension between you. I was both turned on and angry with her and me, you were trying to control yourself, but we had gone too far. I knew it but ignored what we had done."
Jay could hardly breathe. His cowardice in not confronting Jacqui had caused this.
"Once in our house, I teased you before you grabbed me on the stairs. I would have let you do anything to me; I was so turned on. When you were fucking me on the stairs and stopped, I wondered why. Then you asked me to tell you what I wanted. I knew you wanted my ass, but you made me tell you to fuck my ass, something I seldom do. You started fucking my ass, but it wasn't our usual loving fuck.
"I didn't realize it at the time but looking back at it now it was pure anger. It was later, when you had said you knew about Jacqui being ass fucked by the biker. That's when I realized the cause of the anger. I was shocked you knew that though and wondered if you had seen me with those two guys. If I had realized it then, I wouldn't have gone along with the rest of the plan.
"The next few days were cool between us. I knew I had overstepped the mark. Even Jacqui was concerned. I thought she was wary of you hitting her in rage as well. You made it noticeably clear what you thought of Jacqui and her influence on me. My conscience agreed with you, but my fantasy had just grown as the effect of what Jacqui had done in the car had heightened my desires.
"I knew following that night, there was no way you would go to the sex club and told Jacqui so. She refused to accept it. It was just a week away and the next open night was months away. She thought her friends Jamie and Kirk might have an idea how to help us get you there. When she said Jamie and Kirk, I thought it couldn't be your friends, but it was. We met up and discussed what to do.
"Between Jacqui and Jamie, they decided that you would always do as I asked if asked the right way. I was to ask you to consider going knowing that you would say no. Cindy was primed to ask you as well. You didn't know that Cindy had a wild side so if a nun like Cindy asked you to go, - just to watch, - she would be grateful as Mike really wanted to go but safe Jay would go with her to make sure she was safe. Cindy played you 'felt like her brother.' In truth, Cindy was desperate to go and Mike was keen but worried about what would happen. I think the possibility of seeing my cunt again made him agree -- to watch.
"He was sure the events in the car would stop you agreeing and that's why Mike was shocked when you agreed to go --just to watch! Mike never knew about the plan until Monday when we went through everything. He was absolutely blazing mad. At Jacqui, at Cindy and Jamie.
"He asked Dan why he never stopped it. Dan said he had tried and tried but he feared losing Jacqui. Now he couldn't live with her. He never wanted to swap. He wanted her but he wasn't sure he wanted her anymore. She had destroyed two marriages. Jacqui started crying.
"Mike said three and Cindy started crying! I haven't spoken to them since I left Dan's house, so I don't know if they are on 'shoogly pegs' or not."
Jay was glad that it was not only his marriage that was in trouble. Was he really that sick he enjoyed "friends" troubles?
"Mike and you were told that we were going just to watch. Jacqui, Jamie, and I planned what would happen when we were there. Dan running an errand was just, he hates seeing Jacqui fuck other men so he tries to avoid being there until he thinks she may have had enough sex. He really detests it, but he never felt strong enough to tell her.
"All the week before, I knew you were struggling with going. You were working late, and I so wanted to hold you and tell you everything would be fine, but my conscience told me otherwise. We didn't have sex as I knew I would end up telling you everything, but my main fantasy was about to be fulfilled.
"Both Jacqui and Jamie told me once it began, you would join in, enjoy your fantasy. My conscience said don't believe them but again I ignored it. At that point I was sure that just watching would probably be enough, but I accepted that I would probably need to fuck you and then perhaps fuck Kirk to make sure you got your fantasy. I was lying even to myself.
"Before we left for the club, when we were waiting for the others to join us, you kissed my pussy lips and suggested going upstairs and fucking for the whole weekend, I almost gave in and said yes. But I couldn't turn my back on fulling my fantasy and hopefully yours."
Maddie's voice was changing, her speech more focused on the events. There was guilt, sadness, and a sense of loss. Jay was bewildered at how her plan never involved him. Together -- their rules!
"During the drive to the club with Mike, I could tell he was extremely nervous, he didn't want to be there but if he didn't go, he thought he would lose Cindy, she wanted to go so much. They had rules like ours, but he knew she would do whatever she wanted. He was no longer enough for her. He hated Jacqui and what she had done to his wife.
"At the club, we stood around before I suggested going to the basement as per the plan When we had been there for fifteen minutes, I was to do something to start things off, but I didn't have to. I was asked to play pool and the gentleman took every opportunity to feel me up as allowed by our rules. I enjoyed feeling sexy, flashing my panties and boobs. We had agreed I would keep my panties on.
"You went to the bar where Jamie collared you. She said you looked shocked that she would be there and then you saw Kirk. You didn't believe they would be part of that scene.
"You took your seats together and began talking, like normal Jay. Everything was going to plan. When Cindy came back saying the guy, I was playing pool with was getting a blow job, I almost flooded myself. Kirk played his role by saying he would look after me. Jamie's choice of words, "Don't worry Jay. She's in good hands and Kirk would never allow any guy to have sex with her behind your back. Trust me on that." That was a set up. Kirk was to show Mike, Cindy, and me around to make sure I saw plenty of sex, but we were going to end up in a room and wait for you.
"That was when I would have to make that choice.
"In the big orgy room, Cindy dragged Mike in, stripped him and was fucking him. A man came up and stuck his cock in her mouth. She never missed a beat. Before I stopped watching I saw her being double teamed and sucking a pussy. Mike didn't have long to wonder as a woman dragged him down and basically raped him. When I saw the train, I wanted to be one of the women, either being fucked or blowing the men.
"The rooms where two or three couples were fucking and sharing really turned me on and I missed sharing their intimacy with you.
"We ended up in the room Jacqui had prepared for us. She kept the main curtain closed so you couldn't see what was happening. I know she wanted to get started but even although I was hot and randy as fuck, I had told you I would do nothing without your permission. I already felt guilty about seeing what was going on without you and seeing your reaction. Maybe if we had, you would have said not for me and we would have left. Maybe you would have joined in, I never gave you that chance."
Maddie's voice changed again, now there was something else, a deep emotion, more remorseful but there was something else, Jay couldn't place.
"Jacqui started blowing Kirk for something to do to pass the time. I liked his cock. I found myself on my knees helping her. After a few minutes he said to stop as he was about to cum. Jacqui looked at me and began kissing me. She moved my head down and I found myself, licking and caressing her pussy, much like you do to me. I loved it. I never thought I would, but I was so sexually charged.
"When she went to my panties, I told her we had agreed I had to keep my panties on. She kept kissing me and began playing with my tits. I felt myself back on the bed and she was between my legs, lapping my cunt. She drove me wild with her tongue. She undid my panties and forced them up my cunt, to help stem the flow she said.
"I was getting desperate to be fucked when you arrived with Jamie. I could see you were shocked at what you found and I'm sure you worked out you had been deceived.
"Jacqui had her plan; I just didn't know it all. She spoke with me asking if I was ready; deliberately ignoring you. I just nodded. Jacqui leisurely pulled the panties from my pussy, bearing down on my clit with her tongue as she did. I had an intense orgasm.
"She said to you "One of your wife's newest fantasies Jay is to not only watch others have sex, but to have others watch her have sex. I bet you didn't know that." That came from that night. I had told her. I should have been telling you.
"Jacqui then stood and stared at you mockingly. She knew you were trapped. Whatever answer you gave she had won her game. "Why don't you tell your wife what YOUR biggest fantasy is Jay. I think she might be real interested in hearing it. But I think she already knows. Don't you?"
"You stared at her dumbfounded, but Jacqui never saw the anger in your eyes I did; and my conscience was saying end it before everyone gets hurt. But I couldn't! If Jacqui knew you better, she would have realized that you were close to killing her. I could see the hurt in your eyes and the turmoil in your mind and did nothing. Shamefully naked in front of so many people I just watched as Jacqui led me to my doom.
"Jacqui continued trying to get you to admit your greatest fantasy, seeing me fucked. I knew you wanted that as I could see your desire, but also the conflict in you. It went beyond our rules. I thought if you agreed we could both have our fantasies. I gave you an out, but I knew you couldn't take it even as I knew if you said, 'let us leave,' I couldn't.
"I saw you watching Kirk and I as we kissed and caressed each other. I could see your pain but overruled my conscience. You were watching everything like you were caught in car headlights and I hoped you would join us. I told him to fuck me as I had been waiting for this all night. I heard you gasp and saw the frown and flash of anger. I knew I was in trouble, but I couldn't stop myself. I watched him enter me, it was a strange experience as I had never had anyone other than you in my cunt.
"When he was fucking me, I was in a different place than when I make love with you. This was purely physical, there was no mental oneness, no blending of mind and body, just physical sex. When you told him to really pound me, I could hear the distress in your voice, but it was too late. Jacqui had won her game.
"I could see you glancing across at Jacqui and saw Jamie having to restrain you saying "it was too late" before she joined us. I didn't understand that. When Kirk made me turn over for fucking me doggy style, I looked at you. I wanted to tell you to join us, fuck my mouth but you saw something in my face, turned really angry and the look you gave me, I had never seen from you before. I wanted to reach out to you, but Kirk was fucking me while Jamie sucked my cunt. I was lost in the throes of sexual passion. My conscience lost out again. When we were finished you began forcing your way out and I wondered why, what was wrong!
"Jamie saw you leave and after I had sucked her off, she left as Kirk held me. I was sated. It had been good but nothing like as good as with you. It seemed just a few minutes later when Jacqui came up and said you had left happy. You had come over her face. I told her on Monday that you only did that because the alternative was to kill her. She was shocked, she never thought her game would get so out of control.
"Jamie came back and said she had spoken with you and agreed to make sure I was safe. She thought you would calm down. When I got home, I was to make love to you, let you reclaim your wife. I had so wanted you to make love to me there in front of everyone.
"I wanted to leave but was persuaded to have a drink. Many came up and said how they had enjoyed my performance and hoped for more. I went to the bathroom and found a shower and had one. I was still high. I phoned to tell you I was coming home. I was worried when I got the answer machine. I left that message as I wanted to party, with you. Did you not want to speak with me? I was so high I never thought anything could be so wrong. My conscience had given up trying to tell me off.
"After a few more drinks and more complements, Jacqui persuaded me to try a version of the train with me being engine and carriage. Jacqui and another woman Maggie took me into a room, stripped me and began caressing me. Soon she was between my thighs. She made Jacqui look like a beginner. She so lightly caressed my lips with hers that every nerve end was on fire. The closest I could describe it was the night you took my virginity.
"She brought me to an amazing orgasm where I thought all my cells were going to explode in my cunt. As I came, I squirted over her. She just laughed and began again. I didn't think I could come again so soon but within a few minutes she made me come not once but twice.
"As I recovered, I was surprised to see her wrap a harness around her with a big dildo. Now you will feel something far better than any man can give you. She began fucking me, long and slow strokes. Each time she bottomed out the ridges drove against my clit. I was coming and coming. Jacqui sat on my face and I ate her to at least two orgasms. The dildo must have been in the other woman as well as she began to scream as she came.
"I never got your fascination with women's tits until that night. Her tits bouncing on mine set my nipples off onto their own orgasm.
"She pulled out and a man rammed straight in. This was not supposed to happen. I was supposed to come home to you. He didn't last long as my pussy was still vibrating from cumming so much. Jacqui climbed off my face and a cock took her place. I thought I had sex with four or five men and a couple of women. Jacqui said it was at least fourteen men and eight women, some having seconds or even thirds. She was acting as my pimp. She was enthralled by my ability to come and keep coming.
"Some men wanted my ass, but I said No, only Jay gets my ass. Jacqui tried to persuade me, be airtight she said. I said no and glared at her, so she told them no ass.
"I thought this went on for an hour or so, but Cindy said she saw the start and came down three and a half hours later to see me still being fucked. I was dead tired, and she could see I needed help. She stopped it and got me water to replace the fluids I had lost. All the men were saying how lucky you were to have me as your wife and access to such a wonderful, tight pulsating cunt.
"I drank three bottles of water before I even began to feel any effect. I knew I had to get back to you to finish the plan. Jamie and Kirk had come down about that time. They were shocked. Jamie had told you she would look after me but didn't. She was so sorry!"
Jay now found himself terribly angry, at Jacqui, at Jamie and at himself for leaving Maddie which allowed her to be so abused. He was ashamed of himself.
"Jamie reminded me about her party later that week and I said we would be there. She hadn't got what she wanted. She had wanted sex with you as you are the most creative lover she has ever had.
"Instead of dropping me off so I could fuck you, Jacqui and Dan took me to their home as she wanted to play with me again. Nothing happened as I was so tired; I just went to bed.
"I was wakened by you splitting the logs. I could hear you say our names and knew you were chopping our heads off. Dan told me what you had said. My conscience came through and told me it was me who drove you away. My face said something to you. I didn't know what and I still don't.
"Jacqui had phoned Jamie and she was shocked at Jacqui not following the plan. No wonder you were mad. She called you and called straight back. She was in tears. She said you told her that we had lied to you, deceived you, humiliated you and betrayed you. You were angry that we hadn't considered the effect on our girls. I collapsed hearing that. It was all true. I had destroyed everything.
"I had to ask if she had seen my face. Jacqui was the other side getting herself off. Jamie asked if I wanted the truth. She said the look was one of total distain, you didn't exist. It was a massive "FUCK YOU"
"After I recovered enough to come to see you, I came straight home. When I saw you, I realized I had only seen similar pain and anguish in your eyes when your grandmother died though even that was no way near the hurt you showed then and now. Her phrase shoogly peg came straight into my mind. I knew I had destroyed my marriage, hurt the only man I loved and hurt my girls.
"Everything after that you know apart from the fact that Mike was like you totally innocent. Dan tried to prevent it but until now has never said no to Jacqui. Jamie wanted you and Kirk wanted me if we were happy to play. If we stopped at just watching, they would have understood and abided by our decision. They play differently to Jacqui. Cindy wanted you if possible and to play with multiple partners.
"You asked several questions.
"Why did Jacqui want to humiliate you?
"Jacqui wanted to say she hadn't, but Dan told her to tell the truth or else he was gone. That shook her. Jacqui was wild when she met Dan but there was something about him that called to her. She didn't think any man wanted a monogamous marriage and when he didn't object, she thought she was right to continue as normal. He didn't object as he thought he would lose her.
"When she saw us together, she was jealous. When she finally got me to tell her a bit about our sex life, she realized that it was possible to have exclusivity and excitement. She wanted to jolt you and at first it worked but then you blanked her. That started her thinking about how to bring you down a peg or two. She never thought it would go so far. She never understood what she had accomplished was basically brain washing me and making it impossible for you to say no without validating her assessment of you.
"She was devastated with what she did at the club to me, her friend. Dan and Cindy have not let up on her and she is like me at her wits end to try and salvage her marriage and her friendships. She cannot apologize enough.
"I told her I had offered myself to you, no safe words, gag to stop the screams, to beat black and blue and she offered herself if it would help. Dan said he would probably join in.
"Why did I share my fantasies with a friend and not you?
"I cannot give a truthful answer as I don't know. I so wanted to share my big fantasy with you but thought you would think of me as a slut. I'm saying that after being a hooker, French maid, speeding driver, cat woman and many more dubious characters. I can swear to you that my fantasy up until that night was only to watch. During the time I saw all the sex going on, I was getting wetter and wetter.
"When I went into that room with Jacqui and Kirk if you had been with us, I would probably have fucked you there and then whether you wanted to or not. I stupidly confided to Jacqui that I so wanted to be seen fucking. She told Kirk. He was delighted to help my fantasy but only if you agreed as we had discussed beforehand.
"I struggled not to get involved until you arrived and really, both you and I needed time alone to discuss things properly. I never gave you that time and for that I will be forever sorry."
Jay was taken by her candor. He had to admit he had been aroused but would his arousal have overruled his jealousy?
"Why did I lie, deceive, and humiliate you?
I thought I was fulfilling your fantasy. Like me, I believed you had a fantasy of watching people and watching people fuck me. I saw you glow with pride when I flirted and allowed someone to see my breasts or my panties. I knew you were conflicted, aroused and jealous at the same time, but felt your enjoyment was the bigger side. I thought that once you saw everything, you would be happy to live your fantasy once with me. I could have mine and you yours. My conscience kept telling me to tell you, but I allowed Jacqui to convince me it would be okay.
"Jamie had suggested I ask you how you would feel if I asked you to fuck me there, but I couldn't in case it told you I was thinking of being fucked by someone else. I cannot apologize enough but I know that is not enough.
"Why did we all think it was okay to betray our friendships?
"We never thought. That was the problem, we were all so wound up in our own fantasies that we never thought beyond that. We never thought of broken marriages, the effect on our girls. There was no conscious effort to betray you but betray you we did. We all accept that.
"Will it happen again?
No, is the short answer. If you, not me, brings it up as something you wish to do, we are completely honest about our intentions and we agree the rules, possibly. We are in this mess because I didn't listen to you or my conscience. If we are to have a future together, which is what I wish with all my heart, then that future must mean we speak about things fully. You don't agree to something just because it would make me happy when you hate the idea. I won't do anything to hurt you ever again.
"Do I love you?
With all my heart. I realize that I have lost you. I have hurt you so deeply that I cannot see you ever loving me again. Everything has been my own making. You are not to blame.
"I will forward this to you. You can use it as you wish. Give it to your lawyer.
"Jay, believe me when I say I love you and will be eternally sorry for the rest of my life for the hurt and pain I have caused you and our girls."
Throughout Maddie had been looking at Jay's eyes as she spoke. She had known from the meeting with the others on the Monday that her actions were worse than even she thought. There was no way to repair the damage with what she had done but he deserved closure. In the beginning, she saw his eyes slipping to her nipples but later he sat stone faced as she went through the set up at the club and the events after he left.
She couldn't read his eyes as there were tears in them. Why had she hurt him so much? Why had she not confided in him?
"Do you have any questions over what I have said?" He never said a word, just looked blankly ahead.
She knew she had a couple of things left to do. Trying to lighten the mood she told Jay that when he had gone to his office, Dan and Mike came over with all his tools. She had taken his book and thought of being the bad secretary so he would lay her across his bench, spank her and fuck her to make her better at recording things. She knew those days were over.
She reached into her purse and handed him an envelope. "I'm going to bed. The offer I made still stands." She stood up, surprised that her nipples were still poking through the satin. She had never felt so drained or so low in her life. Well she belonged in the sewer not the gutter for what she had done.
After she left, Jay looked at the envelope. He was trying to organize his thoughts. He had heard her pain and anguish and knew she was not lying to him. What had gone on while clubbing, he suspected but still distressed him. All the set up and subsequent events in the sex club devastated him. How could Jacqui do that to Maddie? He was seething. He almost wanted to take Jacqui up on her offer but knew he would have to beat Maddie as well and he didn't want to do that. He loved her but couldn't say the words. He knew if he did, she would be in his arms and they would make love all night until they were spent. He both wanted that and didn't want it. He didn't know if he could stay with her, but he didn't want to be apart either.
It dawned on him the other emotions he had felt from her, she was deeply ashamed of herself and what she had done to him. Her self-belief was gone. She believed he could no longer love her which was her fault and hers alone.
Slowly he opened the envelope to find two others inside. One was marked to be opened after reading the other one so that's what he did, predictable Jay, he smiled.
The first letter was handwritten by Maddie. He could see the tear stains on the paper. She explained that she knew her shoogly peg was very shoogly but initially had hoped it would be possible to salvage her marriage. When she heard what had gone on in the sex club, she knew she had gone far too far to hope for any reconciliation. She would always love Jay and the girls. She hoped he would allow her to see them as often as possible. The three of you are innocent in this I am the only one to blame. I will not contest the divorce, nor do I wish any money from you. I don't deserve anything. She didn't have the words to say how sorry she was. The page was well tear stained there.
I can only hope that at some time in the future you can look at me without disgust. If he wished, he could use her until she found herself an apartment if she could stay here. She would be waiting for him.
He was crying as he read her letter. When he finished the letter, he looked at the other one and couldn't think what it could be. She had said everything in her 'confession' and her letter. When he opened it, he began sobbing from his soul."What have I done?"
Maddie had gone to her room; had removed the dress but left the lingerie on in the highly unlikely event Jay came to her room.
Jay's crying alerted Maddie and she was in two minds what to do. If she approached him, put her arms around him and hold him he was likely to tell her to leave there and then. Her conscience told her "he is hurting, try to help him, you both need to help each other."
She couldn't decide what to do but Jay's sobs were really getting to her. She was responsible for his pain.
Finally, her conscience won. "This mess was because you didn't listen to me, listen to me now. Go to him if he doesn't reject your help there may be some hope after all. Go to him."
"I need to dress" --
"NOW" said her conscience so in just her lingerie she went downstairs.
Jay never heard her. The first he was aware was Maddie holding him like she did her children. He wanted to fling her off, but his conscience said "don't; let her help you." It did help that she was cradling his head on her breasts and her nipples were by his mouth. After a long time, they moved to the settee but hugged all through the night. Both cried until they ran out of tears.
The Aftermath - Wednesday Day 4

Maddie woke first, aware of a need to use the bathroom. She slowly disentangled herself from Jay sleeping awkwardly on the settee. She put the kettle on and went to do what she needed. She needed a shower as her breasts were all sticky from Jay's tears and drool. She would wait till he was awake. Maybe they could shower together like old times, but that happy thought was crushed immediately.
After her confession he couldn't love her anymore. She would try to be there for him and do whatever he wanted. He deserved that.
She made the coffee and went through. The smell was beginning to percolate into Jay's nostrils, and he awoke. He was shocked that Maddie was sitting by him in her lingerie. He had to admit it was a favorite of his, he loved the way that quarter cup bra made her nipples stick out and when like now they were hard, he loved to watch the reaction of others to them. Maddie watched and smiled. She thought she knew what he was thinking. She used to tease him by coming downstairs after she had put the girls to bed in just her lingerie. Sometimes she would go further and give him a lap dance. He complained when she wanted paid.
When she started going out with Jacqui these nights happened less and less. Why? She had always loved them. She knew that when she wore this bra out, he was desperate for her by the end of the night, sometimes even earlier. She thought his love of exposing her meant he would be happy at the club. If only she had stuck to watching they would probably be alright.
Jay took the coffee and found himself aware that a certain rogue part of his anatomy was delighted to see the vision in front of him and if Jay had no objections, he would like to do something to Maddie at least until he was sick and possibly a couple of times more just to get rid of anything which was making him sick.
Maddie was surprised to see that Jay's other half was standing to attention. She decided to flirt with him especially given what she was wearing.
"Are you happy to see me big boy?"
Jay blushed like a teenager caught by his mum, but he smiled.
"If you need a hand, I can help you take care of it," Maddie told him, looking him squarely in the eyes though it was tempting to check him out again.
Jay wanted to say "Yes" but he knew after last night, he had to talk to Maddie about how he felt. She needed to know that. With a deep breath, he told her, "Maddie, I need to tell you everything from my perspective, especially after what you said last night. I must overrule my friend. Let us shower and have breakfast first."
Maddie thought to offer to wash his back, but his eyes told her he was focused on what he had to say. She went to her room and showered making sure she was smooth for him should he want her. As she thought about what she would wear, she looked out her window at the yard. The pile of logs was gone so the girls would be able to run around and even have their pool out. She saw the small area they had talked about a vegetable garden for the girls. It needed dug. Perhaps, they could dig that together, leaving just a little bit for the girls to finish so they could say they did it too. She smiled at that thought and said, "Yes."
She went to her lingerie drawer. She wanted something which said she wanted to please him but not as in his face as the outfit last night. As she settled on a blue satin and lace bra and pantie set, she recalled the day she bought it. Jay was with her. She knew he loved lingerie and often teased him about it. As she looked through the bras but especially the panties, she could see their influence on him. Out of the blue, it came to her. She knew his size, so she got her sets and found a couple of pairs in Jay's size.
He started to protest but she grabbed him and said, "I know you'll love it. I'll love those panties on you." Later when they played with him wearing them, she was proved right. As she fastened her bra, she thought, I wonder if Jay would feel the same as I do when he lifts my bra and caresses my breasts. Next time, we'll buy him some bras as well! Maybe a garter belt and stockings?
She went down to make pancakes for breakfast. Jay came into the kitchen and said they smelled nice, but then there was again that awkward silence. Maddie decided to tell him her thoughts about the garden and to her delight he said he thought that was a good idea (her conscience chimed in "careful don't jump the gun").
After breakfast, Jay told Maddie he needed a few minutes to collect his thoughts.
Maddie sat and looked at him. She could tell he was stuck in his thoughts, having a problem knowing where to start. She was surprised that she could still read him after all the events of the past days. "Jay", I struggled with how to tell you. I had to start at the beginning before I could move forward. Perhaps, that would help you."
Jay looked at her and couldn't believe that she knew how he was struggling. It shouldn't have been a surprise. They couldn't play ordinary poker as she could always see through him and seemed to be able to read his cards. Strip poker wasn't so bad as no matter who lost, everyone won.
Jay looked at Maddie and saw the concern on her face. She expected him to tell her the marriage was over. He still didn't know. He could see the tears start in her eyes as she braced herself to listen to what he had to say.
"Maddie from the very first moment I saw you, I was in love with you. When we went to the cove, I so wanted to make love to you, but I didn't want to ruin any chance of a future with you by coming across as only being interested in being laid. That night, holding you, staring up at the stars was one of the happiest nights of my life. You didn't blow me off for being a sky nerd. You laughed at my stupid jokes. Every night I saw you, I fell deeper and deeper in love with you. Until I met you, I never knew what true love was."
Maddie looked deflated as she felt she had undoubtedly destroyed this.
"The night we finally made love I had told myself not to go too far but your kisses turned the heat up in me. I felt so connected, it was like we were the only two people in the galaxy. When my hand brushed your breast and you stopped kissing me, I thought I had blown it. Then you began kissing me even more passionately. I began exploring you, taking my time trying to ensure that you knew I cared for you and wanted you to experience joy not just me having a good time. I loved how your breasts reacted to me and without any thought my hand made it way up your smooth thigh. When you stopped me and put me on my back, I knew I had gone too far."
Maddie was beginning to feel wet as she warmly recalled her first time. How could she have forgotten that and lost him!
"I was surprised by what you said to me but delighted that not only were you wanting to continue but that I was the special one you chose to give up her virginity to. The sex we had was something I had never experienced before. It seemed our minds and bodies were linked in a mysterious way.
"When you recovered and went into the water, one reason I was so slow in following you was that this was the first occasion that I can remember hoping that someone else would see you, be captivated by you, knowing that you were mine and only mine. This sensual woman, the most beautiful woman on the planet. Later I was ashamed of that feeling. Often when we were at parties or dinners and I saw you dance, flirt, and sometimes expose yourself, I found myself both extraordinaryly hard but very jealous. It's a conflict I have never reconciled.
"The dress and outfit you wore last night, whenever we were out with you wearing that I knew both men and women would see your dancing nipples and want to play with them. As you know many a time, we never even made it to the car before we were fucking. The possibility of being caught just seemed to heighten the experience for both of us.
"When I asked you to wear more provocative clothes you didn't wish to. Looking back, I think you sensed a need to expose yourself and didn't know how you could control the situation if I wasn't there. Then along came Jacqui and her games."
Maddie was nodding her agreement. His tone felt so sad, so lost. Was there any hope for her?
"I learned from some friends what was going on. I didn't believe them at first, ignored the warnings my conscience was giving me. I was so enthralled by your hyper sex drive when you came home. I knew something was turning you on but chose to ignore it for my own benefit.
"You told me last night about being groped, pawed, having given hand jobs but not having sex with anyone. Several times I noticed your breasts were tender, like they had been mauled but you put that down to the time of the month. I now know the truth."
Maddie flinched at that comment.
"I never saw a used pussy just a wet one, so I accept that you didn't fuck anyone.
"I knew Jacqui was behind the increase in your libido, not that you needed any. I was happy to profit from you coming back to me randy as hell. Despite that, I was worried, and I should have made you fully aware of that instead of skirting around it. When Jacqui deliberately told me about seeing the photos we had taken, I realized she had set that up as well. I was bloody angry, I wanted to take down her panties and spank her so hard she wouldn't be sitting down now!
"The gloating in her eyes, she knew that if I were angry to you, she would have proved that I controlled you. To avoid that I said I agreed with Dan's choice of photo.
"How would you have felt if I had shown them to my friends? They were private!
"I'm sure you knew I was mad but when I tried to tell you, you just said she's your best friend. It was like pick on her, lose me."
Maddie thought 'how could he have had thought that' and recalled her words, 'Jay, she's my best friend now and I really enjoy spending time with her. I trust her and she'd never ever deliberately hurt either one of us. You know that.' How wrong was she? She had stopped that conversation probably because she knew Jay was right. She winced knowing that this was all her fault.
She realized that his tone had been loving though sad when speaking about their courtship but became more strident and angrier as he spoke about Jacqui and her manipulation of them.
"I now have my suspicions confirmed that Cindy, Jacqui and you orchestrated us going to the sex club--only to watch -- right!My conscience told me that this was a setup, don't believe them - somethings wrong. I tried to speak with you during the week, but you never managed to make time to do that. If only we had and been honest with each other maybe what happened would not have happened or happened in a better way.
"I wasn't happy you went off with Kirk, Mike, and Cindy. When you didn't return, I was even more annoyed, worried about you. Yes, going through the sex rooms aroused me and I wanted to find you, fuck you in front of everyone if necessary. When Jamie saw you, she was shocked, so I presume Jacqui had gone further than the agreed plan.
"When I heard you say that's a nice cock, I barged in. If it had been a male between your legs, I would have killed him. It was gloating Jacqui. She had you and she knew I couldn't say anything because whatever I said would be wrong.
"When you asked me if I wanted you to get dressed and leave, I knew if I said that, you would stay and that would be the end for us. Jacqui was triumphant. She had won.
"When you turned to Kirk and told him to fuck you, I have never been so conflicted. I had my hardest cock ever, but I was so angry and jealous. When Kirk entered you, I could hardly breathe. When you came a second time, I started to go to you to stop it, but Jamie held me back -- she knew it was too late. I wanted to watch, I wanted to join you and I wanted to kill him!
"When Kirk mounted you, doggy style, I thought you were going to ask me to join you. I probably would have despite my turmoil. But you just started going on about how it felt, your face told me that you liked what had happened, but more, that I wasn't needed nor wanted anymore. It wasn't a light look but it came from deep within you. It screamed FUCK OFF!
"This was now your fantasy, not mine. In fact, it was never mine. I stayed watching till it was over, feeling more alone, more conflicted, getting even more angry, at you, at me but mostly Jacqui! I was so confused by my emotions I didn't know what to think."
Maddie heard all the anger and turmoil in his voice but also loathing at himself. He deserved none of that, it was her fault.
"When I left, I was so angry, I almost flattened some men who were saying how lucky I was to be married to such a great fuck. They probably fucked you later.
"Jacqui was near the front door and it took me all my resolve not to throw her through the big picture window. Instead I did something which disgusts me when I think about it. I came over her face. That is the most disrespectful thing I think you can do to a woman.
"After that I sat in the car, shaking. I don't know for how long, but then Jamie tapped on the window. She knew I was struggling to process everything to say the least. She said she would look after you, but she didn't.
"I took the country roads back home to try and give myself a chance to work out my feelings and for you to be home when I returned, so I wasn't there when you called. Your tone said everything. You were happy, you were going to do it again. Again, I wasn't to be given any say in the matter."
Maddie put her face in her hands. She realized that all through this, unlike Jay, she had never considered him. He always considered her. Why did she do that? His voice was really angry now, there was no doubt the orchestration of that evening was playing heavily on him.
"Last night, when you said what Jacqui had put you through, I was so mad, beyond mad,at herand atmyselffor not being there to protect you. Everything we had ever done was together until Jacqui interfered.
"On Saturday night, you decided by yourself, to go beyond our boundaries even although you knew where I stood on them. You knew I wasn't happy going but you chose your friends over me.
"I was so conflicted and still am. On one hand I cannot deny that I enjoy you exposing yourself and seeing others react to you. I was highly aroused by what I saw, but when you said you were doing it for me you were wrong. By then this was your fantasy only, your face told me I wasn't needed or wanted.
"If we had openly and honestly spoken during the last week and discussed our fantasies, we could possibly have found some truths, some common grounds, which would have helped us. Understood we were not perverts because of those. Every time we played 'around' we played together. If others saw us, then so be it but it was just us. We planned and did it together, acting out some of our fantasies. Remember at the beginning when we drew up our rules, it was to be honest with each other, not involve others as that was dangerous.
"If we had talked, if I had admitted my delight in your exhibitionism, if you told me fully about wanting to watch others, we could have discussed how far that could lead us. Perhaps we would have gone with a mindset that involving others may happen butwe bothwould have been prepared. Would I have joined you and Kirk, would I have fucked Jamie and Cindy, I don't know? I was never given that option. Had I been I don't know what I would have said or done.
"I do know that we would have explored together and together made the decision to just watch, to fuck each other or others or not.
"Maddie, Jacqui was right, I often fantasized about you being fucked in front of me. I never said or wanted that to happen as I feared it would damage what we had. If we had discussed it, I could have been honest with you.
"That morning, after I got up, I was mad, the longer you were away the more I dwelt on what had happened. Once I put the sexual conflict away, what was more hurtful was that you and those I had chosen to call my friends, had lied to me, deceived me, humiliated me and betrayed me in a way I never thought possible. That is far more hurtful than the sex. Jacqui's train excepted!
"I cannot get my head around that. Why would you of all people want to do that to me? Why would they? Sensible Jay, plodding Jay, friend Jay, just bring him down, collapse his world all around him.Why Maddie?"
His pain and anguish were truly clear in every syllable. Maddie couldn't take in the level of his pain.
"When we finally talked on Sunday afternoon, I told you some of that and gave you conditions to try to save our marriage. One of those haunted me afterwards but I couldn't face telling you. I didn't understand where that had come from until you said last night about your meeting with the amigos. Stacy told you. When I opened the second envelope and saw the STD clinic report, I cried and cried. How could I humiliate you in such a way? The only person I have ever loved with all my soul. The mother of my children.
"When you came and held me, I wanted to throw you away, but my conscience said, "let her." I felt safe with you. I have never cried like that before. I know you were crying. Holding each other, like we did before, feeling that love for you, I was hoping for us to stay together but after humiliating you, how could you stay with me?
"For the first time in my life with you, I don't know what to do. I will always love you, but I need to understand why I was betrayed by everyone. I have to get beyond that before we start healing our marriage if that is what you wish."
Maddie could hardly see him through her tear-filled eyes. She had heard every word, every tortured syllable. If she had been in any doubt about how much hurt she had caused, she had none now. She didn't know the answer either, but he had said "healing our marriage" so perhaps, she had a chance. She knew what she must do but first there was one particularly important thing.
Maddie went up to Jay, held his face close and kissed him, softly, very softly. She understood passion was not needed just now; their souls had to reconnect which meant taking it slow. No big fuck for him to reclaim her but that slow sensual lovemaking when she had given herself to him for the very first time. Now was not that time but she was putting a marker down that he had not lost her, she just had to hope she had not lost him.
"Jay, I think the amigos can help us. Would you be alright with me inviting them over this evening as Stacy and Ann will be at work now?"
Jay said "Okay, I'll stay in my den."
He was still subdued after his confession.
Maddie called Amy and updated her. She asked if the amigos could come round that evening and told Amy why. Amy said she would round them up and be there around 7.30pm.
On putting the phone down Maddie was suddenly conscious that she had stopped breathing, she had been so concerned little sis would tell her No after what she had told them on Sunday afternoon. Her friends were indeed there for her, but could they actually help?
Maddie looked at Jay and he reminded her of her face in the mirror.
"Come on, this garden won't dig itself" as she set out the back door. Jay followed her marveling at her round, bitable ass in those tight jeans.
They had been digging for around ten minutes when Maddie straightened up, grimacing.
"What's up?" he asked her.
"These jeans and the panties don't work when you are digging. It's like they are trying to cut me in half."
Jay looked at her and without any conscious thought said, "Work in the nude then if you want."
Maddie looked at him, he had often suggested something like that in the past. There was laughter in his eyes which was the first time she had seen that from him in days. She had never done it in case her neighbors saw her. She answered his eyes with a frown and walked into the house. Jay thought he had blown it. The words had just come out. He turned back to continue digging, at least physical work helped slightly.
A few minutes later he heard the door bang and was surprised to see Maddie there, nude apart from her shoes. His mouth dropped open. Jay's face was a picture as Maddie walked up to him and told him to apply sunscreen to her back. His eyes were wide and seemed genuinely pleased, like his other man. As he was doing such a good job, she offered him her front as well. Jay slowly, sensually covered her entire body in the sunscreen. Her nipples were stretching out and when he ensured no personal parts would get burned, it was his fingers which almost burned.
He also saw the log pile and thought of turning her over it and fucking her. While he knew he wanted to fuck her, he knew he didn't want it like that; he just didn't know how to begin again.
They had decided to leave a little bit for the girls to finish so when done it was lunchtime. Maddie stayed in the nude. Jay almost hoped someone would come to the door and see her. Would she answer it like that? He was so conflicted wanting that but not wanting it. Maddie suspected he was hoping she would have to answer the door. As he never suggested she get dressed, she decided to tease him as she could have cum when he was rubbing the sunscreen on her.
During the afternoon there was an amicable silence between them as they retreated into their own thoughts. Maddie even spent more time in the yard. Jay had trouble with a certain part of his anatomy which seemed intent on taking over as the boss. They then had an early dinner as the amigos were coming over.
By 6.30, Jay asked Maddie if she was showering and dressing for her meeting. By now Maddie had become so comfortable in the nude, she almost wished Jay would ask her to remain nude all night. She said she would head to the shower and dress unless -- looking directly at him. He knew she would stay nude if he asked and he was so sorely tempted but the circumstances were not for that, perhaps another time would be more suitable.
At 7 the doorbell rang. Jay answered and was surprised to see Amy there. "I know I'm early" she said as she hugged him like her life depended on it. "I just wanted to see you and let you know we are all here for the both of you."
Maddie came down and she was hugged likewise. They talked until they heard the other amigos coming up the front steps. Jay headed to his den. He hoped they could help him for he knew that if he couldn't get over his sense of betrayal, he and Maddie could not be together and that thought hurt him deeply.
When everyone was comfortable, coffee in hand, Maddie began.
"I want to update you all about what has happened and why I need your help. Just for clarity, Jay hasn't asked to fuck each of you in revenge so you can stop smiling now." That raised a smile as they had often joked about swapping husbands.
"As you said on Sunday, I had two options. I chose to try and save my marriage. I met, with Jay's agreement, the others and found my recollection of Saturday night was way off. I was used by men and women for three and a half hours until I could hardly move. Jay was mad on hearing that and blamed himself for not being there to protect me. I gave him the full nine yards last night. Following that, Jay was in shock. To finish, I also gave him an envelope containing a letter of apology from me for hurting him and our girls and the STD clinic report before heading upstairs."
No one had spoken until then. Ann couldn't believe she had done that. Maddie told her she had driven around the block three times before she convinced herself to go in. It was even worse than she had imagined.
"Yes, she was humiliated."
"I could hear Jay crying as he read my letter as the other envelope was marked open after reading the letter. He burst into deep sobs when he had read the STD report. I had to go to him, risking being rejected but we held each other all night. I learned today he had never thought of that and was ashamed of himself when he said it, but he couldn't take the words back as he was so angry. He felt my humiliation which is when he broke down.
"This morning Jay laid out his conflict between wanting me to flirt and expose myself and being jealous if I did despite being very aroused. He pointed out that all our games involved decisions by both of us. Saturday nights had been by me alone. He had been aroused, wanting Kirk to fuck me, and wanting to kill him at the same time.
"He said and I have to agree with him, had we spoken about it previously, viewed everything together, he may have joined in, but he wasn't given the option to prepare himself.
"We may be able to get over the sex part but what he cannot get his head around is his sense that I and the others betrayed him. While I never consciously thought I was doing that, in hindsight that is what I and the others did. What can I do to explain that? How can I take that pain away from him? I need your help."
Ann asked what happened at your meeting with your friends when this came up?
"It came as a surprise to them all apart from Dan and Mike who had tried to prevent it in the first place. Dan said Jacqui was so jealous of what Jay and I had she had to stoke the fires under him, and she went far too far. She never thought of the consequences though Dan had warned her. Jamie was just shocked at Jay's language and the primeval tone in his voice. Jamie and Cindy agreed that at no time they thought of potential consequences, they were both fixated on fucking Jay if possible.
"Both Dan and Mike said their marriages were at risk as well. Jacqui and Cindy were crying."
Stacy summoning up for the prosecution, "So no one had any thoughts about betraying Jay. But you lied to him, you told him you were only going to watch but you were prepared to participate, Cindy was certainly keen to participate. Did she tell Mike that?"
Maddie shock her head but said in the car Mike told her he thought she would join in. He wasn't happy about that.
Stacy continued, "Within the club, you had a plan to remove him from you, allow you to be aroused and then be found by Jay where you would possibly have sex with Jay or Kirk or both! That went wrong as they took their time, you engaged in sexual acts with Jacqui and Kirk and would have continued without waiting for Jay if he and Jamie hadn't shown up. Jacqui had overstepped the plan."
"Yes, Jacqui started blowing Kirk and I was so turned on, I had to join in. Jacqui was eating me; my panties were stuffed up my cunt when Jay came in. I had told him I wasn't taking them off after the nightclub incident without him there. Jacqui baited him and there was no answer he could give so he was quiet. I saw his arousal and his anger but was too far gone.
"When Jay spoke today, he said that if it had been a man between my legs, he would have killed him. He was conflicted, on one hand aroused beyond belief and the other wanting to kill Kirk as he fucked me. When I was speaking with him, telling him what I was feeling, Jay thought I was going to ask him to join in. I wanted him to. I wanted to hold his hand as I was fucked. Jay waited till we finished before storming out."
Stacy said, " Maddie, the betrayal is the whole of those three parts, youall lied, you all plotted todeceive himwhile at the club, so he was faced with a 'fait accompli'when he entered that room. He was humiliated. He had no choice, demand you dressed and left. What would have happened if you refused? Tell you to go ahead and accede to your plan despite whathis consciencewas telling him. He stayed silent because he had no choice which was not abloody badone in his eyes!
"All three parts mount up to betrayal. The fact that he appears to accept that his like of you exhibiting yourself means he sees the sex part as a lesser offence is hopeful for your marriage. It is not a get out of jail card."
Ann piped up, "After Jay talked this morning what did you do?"
Maddie told her and their eyes opened when she told them about being nude in the garden and even up until she went to shower. She included she had given Jay an option to have her remain nude for them. They had spent time together without speaking about the betrayal.
"There is hope then," Ann said, "but what can we do to help?"
"Can you give me advice on how to explain that the betrayal wasn't planned as such. How do I convince him it never crossed anyone's mind, but we all accept that what we did was a betrayal of him?"
The amigos talked and talked, around and around, discussing many plans but discarding them all. Finally, Stacy, in her lawyer mode said, "I have a potential way, but it is fraught with danger. One untruth Jay will see that, and it may all be over. Are you prepared for that?"
"I have no option if I am to be with Jay. If it is to work, I need to convince him that it was not intentional. Tonight, as we spoke, it has dawned on me what he saw in my face and I will tell him when I slay the betrayal dragon -- hopefully! How do I do that?"
"Maddie, you need to speak with all the others involved and have them tell Jay, to his face, what they were thinking or not thinking. He needs to see them squirm, be embarrassed by what they did but their determination to tell him the truth. Now Jay needs to agree first which won't be that easy, but it is the only way. You cannot just say it was never meant. It happened. Everyone needs to apologize for it and take responsibility. If he thinks anyone is enjoying what happened and that it was what they planned, it will all be over. It's high risk. Only you know whether anyone else wanted this to happen. If they did, admit it and move on. It will be uncomfortable to say the least, but there is no other option."
Amy and Ann nodded their agreement. They had tried every other option, and none worked. This was the only one which might. Amy came up to Maddie and said, "We'll ask him together." While the other two waited, Amy and Maddie went into Jay's den. Jay saw they were worried and feared the worst.
Amy spoke first, "Jay relax, I'm not here to fuck you, though if Bill, Maddie and most importantly you are happy with that I'll consider it."
Maddie just stared open-mouthed at her sister. Amy had always flirted with Jay, but this was beyond that. Jay couldn't believe what he heard then he saw her eyes, laughing. She was trying to take the tension out of the air but there was some tension down his pants.
Maddie said, "Jay, the amigos have come up with a plan. We discussed everyone we could think off but only one may work. Amy is here to support me because when I tell you, I'm sure you will be angry even at the suggestion. We could not find any option which would give you closure on us betraying you other than this one. It is high risk for me because I know it is the only option to keep us together which is what I wish with all my heart. No matter what happens, I will always love you."
Amy squeezed her hand supporting her.
"Jay, we need to gather all the others."
As Maddie said that Jay leaned back in his chair, his hackles rising.
Amy moved forward, "Please listen to her Jay."
"Jay," Maddie continued, "The only way is to let you listen to them explain what they thought or didn't think. I don't think any of us deliberately thought that we were betraying you or wanted to but if one did, then we all betrayed you and rightly, you will throw me out. You need to hear them like you heard me. You need to judge whether it was deliberate or a consequence of us, wrongly, not including you. I also tonight discovered why my face said what it did to you. I'll explain that at the same time for it is part of it."
Jay was trying to compose himself. What she was asking was a lot. They had betrayed him, she accepted that, but he couldn't move on until this was resolved.
Amy held his hand. "Jay, you need to do this for yourself, not Maddie or them. It will be difficult, but you need answers before you can move on, with Maddie or without Maddie. You owe it to yourself to take the chance."
Jay's thoughts were racing. Could he have them here, could he listen to them without blowing up? He was still sure he could kill them, would have if not for the girls. The thought of the girls made his mind up. They needed their dad, hopefully their mum, to do that he had to listen. He knew it made sense but?
Jay took a few deep breaths and tried to calm himself. He found himself agreeing but this would be a one off. Like Maddie it had to be the whole truth. Any lies and it would be over. As it was late, Maddie said she would ask them tomorrow. This would be a different girl's night out but her attempt at humor didn't reach Jay's eyes.
Amy asked Jay if he would like her or even the other amigos to be present to be on his side as it were if this meeting went ahead. He thought about it and couldn't give an answer. He would let her know but he appreciated that she was thinking of him.
Maddie and Amy returned to the others and with big hugs for all, they left. Maddie was relieved but dreading approaching her other friends and asking them, but she had no option. At least she knew one big answer.
The Aftermath - Thursday Day 5

That night she did sleep as she was so exhausted. Once up and breakfast out of the way, she called them all and explained what she needed. They were all reluctant to come but understood. All maintained under her grilling that they never intended to betray Jay. If any had she would have stopped it and told him, accepting her fate.
She found Jay sitting on the patio. She told him they would be here this evening and suggested he have Amy here for him. If it went wrong, he would have someone to look after him. When he looked quizzingly at her she told him, if anyone had set out to betray him, she couldn't live with herself and the pain that would cause him. He would throw her out and it would all be over. He needed someone on his side. Jay called Amy.
Amy cheated and brought Stacy and Ann. They came early. While Jay was beyond nervous, Maddie was a complete wreck even although she knew the things she had to say and hoped that would be enough for Jay to give her a chance to save their marriage.
Right on time the doorbell went, and Maddie answered it. When it rang, Jay had been jolted from his thoughts and immediately he was angry. Amy and the amigos calmed him. Everyone was holding their breath. They entered looking like lost sheep who had turned up at the slaughterhouse. None could look Jay in the eye. The normal pleasantries were forced.
Maddie knew they had to start quickly. She told them she understood this was difficult for everyone, looking at them all in turn trying to support them, before alighting her eyes on Jay which she hoped told him she loved him with all her heart. She was glad to see Amy and Stacy holding his hands with Ann ready to reach for him.
Dan started to speak, his voice calm but with more than a touch of sadness, "Jay, I betrayed your friendship and trust. It was never intentional, but I accept that is what I did. I cannot apologize enough. I have lost my best friend, one who would have done what I should have done. Why? When I met Jacqui, she was wild but seemed to like me, me who was quite boring compared to her. I thought that to keep her, I needed to let her be that wild woman. I never liked her going out, having sex with others. At the sex club, I go late so as not to see the worst of her antics. I warned her about her plans for you, but she ignored me. I couldn't persuade her and I bottled telling you. If I had, both your marriage and mine would be in a better place. Jacqui will go into the details.
"What happened to Maddie at the club was inexcusable and I must take responsibility for that, I watched but felt powerless to stop Jacqui. Jay, I'll be sorry until the day I die."
Jacqui looked very unhappy and about to protest but Dan stared at her and she backed down. She took up the story.
She stood looking forlorn and afraid. Her voice betrayed her innermost feelings of despair.
"Jay, when I met Dan, I knew I had found someone special, but I thought we could only have our fun if I remained the slut I was. I never asked Dan or even considered him. I just assumed he loved me that way. I guess that sums me up, I think I know best and never considered anyone else until now."
She looked at Dan and smiled hopefully.
"When we met Maddie and you, I saw the chemistry between the two of you. I saw how you cared for her and would grant her every wish if you could. When we partied at each other's homes, I saw how proud you were off her, especially when she was flashing her assets. Later over too many drinks, I tried to find out how you had such a happy sex life with only the two of you. When I learnt of the games and the rules. I have never been so jealous of anyone in my life. That jealousy ate at me and was the driving force to wind you up while telling Maddie you were a control freak.
"As usual I overdid everything. I have never learned to control myself. I learned she loved to watch others playing but could never tell you. I made sure she watched, and she was so hot by the time she came home to you, it's a wonder you didn't go on fire. She never had sex with anyone, just some groping.
"The night you came for us, I was just going to tease you but as usual, I went way beyond what Maddie had agreed to. The weed and the drink made her susceptible to me. I was so turned on, I ignored my conscience, I know it's difficult to think I have one. When you picked us up, I could sense the anger in you towards me. I only learned later from Maddie that you had seen me having sex in the club. I did give the guy Maddie's panties.
"I loved watching you squirm when I played with her. I could see your face in the mirror and knew you were aroused but also angry. You couldn't say anything because I would win, it would prove you were staid Jay.
"When I flashed her pussy to Mike, his eyes went wide. He was trying to watch, watch you and was so unsure, I almost laughed. Your conflict was clear, you wanted him to see her and you hated that he was.
"Maddie wanted to back out of going to the club because she sensed you were angry. She knew you didn't like the idea. She wanted to speak with you about it, but I assured her it would be alright. After hearing Jamie and Kirk's story she thought I was right. It was me who made her go through with it and had Cindy speak with you.
"At the club, I didn't stick to the plan. Maddie was waiting, ready to fuck you, but I interfered because I wanted to eat her. Again, I went too far. When you came in, I knew you couldn't give an answer. I saw your anger, yet I played you - watching your torment. It was never supposed to happen like that.
"I had wanked myself to three or four orgasms as Kirk fucked Maddie before I left. I was by the door trying to cool down. My conscience was screaming at me, I knew I had fucked up big time! When you came down, your face black with anger I honestly thought you were going to unleash all your rage for my manipulation of you and Maddie. I was genuinely in fear of my life.
"When you grabbed me and wanked over my face, I thought you were getting into the swing of things and were feeling more relaxed. Maddie later told me that that is the worst thing you think you can do to a woman without killing her. So, thank you for not killing me.
"I was so caught up in trying to get one over on you, I never thought about any consequences. I never thought about how it would impact Maddie and you. I never took Dan into consideration either despite him trying and trying to get me to stop before I caused what I did. I must change. Not you. I am to blame for everything which happened to you. Don't blame Maddie. Jay, at no time did I mean to hurt you or to betray you in the way I did, I just wanted to jolt you not break you up. I don't have the words to express how much sorrow for what I have done.
"While I was bad to you, I can never forgive myself for what I did to Maddie. The train was my idea as I knew Maggie was the expert on oral and that Maddie would have an experience she had never had before. I only meant to give Maddie that experience and bring her home to you. That part was awesome, but I was so in awe of her ability to cum and cum and cum, I let others invade her.
"I never knew how long she was abused until Cindy came and stopped it. Dan had tried but I was in such a shocked state, I couldn't. I had told Dan and Mike to fuck her, but they wouldn't. You weren't there, you hadn't agreed with any of the night's actions and they wouldn't breach their trust with you.
"Maddie, you have a pussy, not a cunt. You are not a whore as you called yourself.
"I am so sorry Maddie I am the only one to blame in all of this. Jay don't throw Maddie away because of me."
Jacqui looked lost and was trembling. She looked to Dan for support and he held her as she cradled tightly into him. She was crying. Amy and Stacy were holding Jay tightly. He had slumped down and was quietly sobbing. Their support helped him. He couldn't speak, his emotions were wild. Whenever he saw Maddie looking at him, he could see the fear in her eyes.
As he was thinking that Mike started speaking with genuine sadness and concern in his voice. "Jay, I am going to speak for both Cindy and me. Most of our story would be the same and I think no one, least of all you, wants to add to Maddie's ordeal. Firstly, I concur with Dan, we failed you as friends. If I had spoken with you this may never have happened.
"All the men here have joked at parties about sharing their hot wives. All the women here tonight are hot and there is not one we wouldn't fuck if we had permission and they wished to in the right circumstances, at least in our fantasies. When we consider other men doing the same to our wives, we are not so sure at all.
"You and I both enjoyed our wives flirting, even showing bits off that only we would normally see but never took it further. The sex afterwards was great, Cindy was so hot. I thought I was a pervert wanting my wife to expose herself whilst also hating it, but she always returned to me. We laughed, enjoyed the fantasy about others but that was all it was. A fantasy none of us wanted to do in case it damaged what we had.
"I think both of us were worried about the girl's night outs but enjoyed being fucked to death when they came home so we didn't complain or challenge them the way we should have. The night you brought them home, I couldn't believe Jacqui showing me Maddie's pussy. I was hard. I could see you looking at me and Maddie. I knew the conflict within you as I had the same. I wondered if Cindy had flashed you in the car. That thought made me even harder.
"After that I didn't know what to say to you. Later Cindy came back from Jacqui's with a plan to go to the sex club and just watch which she said she wanted to do. She said Maddie was going to ask you as she wanted to watch as well. I remembered the car flash. I wanted to go to see more of Maddie, but I knew Cindy wasn't telling me the whole truth, I just knew she wanted to participate.
"I had the impression if I said NO, she would go alone. I couldn't allow that so I said I would go if you went, knowing you would say no, and I would be saved. I didn't know until Monday what they had done to persuade you. I should have spoken with you and let you know my concerns as any friend should.
"At the club, it didn't take long for Cindy to get randy. I was staring into the orgy room in total disbelief and quite some arousal, when Cindy grabbed me and pulled me in, taking off her clothes and mine. We were fucking before I knew it and others joined in. Before I knew it a woman with the biggest breasts I have ever encountered, grabbed me, and raped me. My other brain was all for it. He was as hard as I had ever seen him.
"I saw Cindy being fucked, pussy and ass while sucking a woman. The woman on me almost smothered me with her breasts so I started playing with them and fully got into the swing of things. Pun intended. We lost track of Maddie and Kirk. I don't know how I stayed hard, but I did. I had sex with a few women, all the time watching Cindy live out her fantasies. It was a turn on but there was a lot of jealousy which I'm still trying to deal with. My cock didn't have any such qualms.
"After we had finished with several partners, we went down to the bar and saw Maddie, Jamie, and Kirk. Cindy went off to the restroom for a shower as she had had some workout. Jamie told her about the quiet rooms where they went after they had played. Jacqui came in looking pleased.
"Maddie was asking about you. Jamie said you were upset but she thought you would be fine when Maddie returned to you. Jacqui told us you had come over her face, so she thought you were cool with it after all.
"She told Maddie she had a special surprise for her which is when the train started. We watched Maggie tease and tease Maddie until she came and came. Watching her with the dildo was really turning Cindy on. Jacqui said to have her but if you weren't there, I wouldn't. I wouldn't abuse your trust. Stupid given I had already done that. Cindy said let's go to the quiet rooms. We did and made love, not fucked, just the two of us.
"We dozed and when we woke up headed downstairs intending to go home. We expected Maddie and the others to be gone by then. We saw Maddie still being trained. Jacqui was at the side in almost a catatonic state. Dan was pleading with her to stop it. Cindy could see that Maddie needed rescuing and stopped it. We got her water and stayed with her until she recovered a fair bit. By now Jacqui was scared. Dan was mad and we made it clear, she had really hurt her friend.
"I offered to take Maddie home, but Jacqui said they were just going as well so would drop her off. I should have followed to make sure that happened.
"Jay, neither Cindy nor I ever thought we were betraying you until Monday. We did. There was never any intention, it was a consequence of our inaction. As a friend, I should have spoken with you and raised my fears which I'm sure were yours as well, because of the way you care and look out for Maddie. Don't throw that away because of us. We were to blame and that will live with us for a long, long time."
Jay was almost numb by now. He finally spoke. "Dan and Mike, I owe you both an apology. You didn't have sex with Maddie because of our friendship and the circumstances. For that I am grateful. I was just as guilty for not speaking up more forcefully."
Maddie was looking at him, her eyes still wet but it was obvious she loved him more than he could know. Amy and Stacy were stroking him, making him know they were there for him. He felt loved and ashamed of what he had done.
Kirk then took the floor. "Jay, a lot of what Jamie and I have to say about that evening, Maddie wishes to cover so that you can understand her thoughts and feelings. I think I should set the scene, so you understand what we thought was perhaps going to happen. Maddie had never committed to become involved although she admitted that the thought excited her but only if you were there and agreed.
"Jamie and I started limited swinging a while ago. It came about because of a party we were at. We had been playing cards and someone suggested that ripe old game of strip poker. I assume Maddie and you have played it together, like Jamie and me. It doesn't matter who wins as we all win.
"Now like all of us men here, I enjoy other men appreciating Jamie. But for the first time, I was faced that if we played, it would be more than just a flash of boob or pantie. I looked at Jamie expecting her to say no but could see she was unsure. Part of her wanted to and the other didn't. Neither of us could say what we felt before one of the women said Yes. So, four couples played strip poker. Did I want to see my friends' wives naked, "Oh Yeah!"Did I want them seeing Jamie, "Not so sure!"
"As the clothes came off you could feel the tensions rise as well as some obvious parts. When Jamie was topless, I couldn't take my eyes off her nipples. She was breathing hard and they were standing out just demanding I kiss and caress them. Almost everyone was topless by the time the first woman lost her panties. I stopped breathing as she removed them. She blushed. Her body was good, her breasts proud, her nipples reddened and erect in excitement. Her pussy was certainly wet.
"I lost next and when I stood up, I almost fell over as my erection was so hard. When I removed my boxers, all eyes were on my not so little man. Some of the girls were licking their lips. I looked at Jamie and she was smiling, ecstatic that I was on show.
"As we all lost the last of the clothes, we enjoyed devouring the other sexes bodies with our eyes. Every man was hard, and every woman was wet. You could cut the sexual tension with a knife.
"One of the women, pushed her husband back and said she had to have him there and then as she couldn't wait until they were home. She straddled him and began fucking him.
"Jamie and I looked at that, at each other and before we knew it, we were fucking. As we looked around, everyone was fucking their partners. We only fucked our partners.
"In the days that followed we talked about that evening. We found that it had brought us closer together in a strange way. We had enjoyed exposing ourselves and having people watch us make love. Neither of us wanted to fuck without the other being present should we get another opportunity.
"Sometime later, we received an invitation to an open night at the sex club. We went to watch but one event caused us to join in. That is still the only thing we do and what we hoped we would do with you, if you both agreed. As I said, Maddie will explain.
"Jamie had suggested to Maddie to ask you how you would feel about fucking her in front of others if that were to happen. That was to prepare you a little. What happened was not the way we had planned with Maddie. Jay we never meant to betray your trust and friendship. We never thought past how to help Maddie with her fantasy. We know how close you are, how you love Maddie showing herself so both Jamie and I thought you would love the option we take, should you decide to take part.
"Jamie is still raging at herself for not looking after Maddie as she said she would. If she had, much of what subsequently happened would have been avoided. We are both extremely sorry about the distress and pain we have caused you both. We love you and hope that one day, we can be friends again."
Jay knew from the tone and Jamie searching his eyes, Kirk was being truthful. He even acknowledged to himself he would have loved to have been at that poker game. Amy and Stacy felt Jay slightly relax and hoped that was a good sign. Ann somehow had begun massaging his shoulders which was helping too.
Maddie moved to speak but Jacqui stood up and held her hands.
"Maddie, if you are going to offer that Jay spank you in front of everyone. Don't. I am responsible for all this trouble. I told you that Jay was controlling you when it couldn't be further from the truth. The only controlling person here is me.
"Jay, Maddie said that you wouldn't spank me as you would have to spank her. That is not true. I am responsible so go ahead and spank me in front of everyone for what I have done. I must change not you or Maddie. If you won't do it, if Dan wants to, he can do it.
"I made so many mistakes, I may have destroyed his love for me. I have damaged Mike and Cindy's marriage as well. In fact, you can all spank me if you want as I have hurt everyone. I cannot say I don't deserve it.
"Jay, Maddie doesn't. She loves you and you love her. Given your love, the good will come back into your marriage; don't throw it away because of my jealousy."
Maddie looked at Jacqui. She had never seen her like this. She was trembling, afraid of losing everything. She gave her a hug. Amy leaned down to Jay and asked if he wanted to spank her. As she knew he would he shook his head. She looked at Dan who also shook his head. No one wanted to spank Jacqui. Ann took Jacqui back to Dan who held her tightly as he stroked her tear stained face.
Maddie knew it was the moment of truth. She hoped everything that had been said was helping. Jay was subdued but seemed to be a bit more relaxed. The amigos seemed pleased so far so she had some hope but how would he react to what she had to say.
Her heart was pounding, her mouth dry and her eyes wet. She looked for any sign of encouragement from him. She drew her strength from the amigos and her other friends who had done as she had asked. Now it was her final attempt to persuade Jay that she wanted him back in her life. Jay watched her and saw the resolve; he was afraid for her. She steeled herself for her final confession, to bare her soul.
"Jay, what I have to say comes in three parts. One I omitted from my confession as I had blanked it out, but it is vitally important.
"The other night when we hugged and sobbed over each other, you were so distressed at having made me go to the STD clinic. "How could you humiliate me in that way"' you said. I'll not deny that when you sat me down on Sunday and told me what to do to try and save my shoogly peg marriage; I baulked at that requirement. I thought my amigos would back me, but Stacy told me why and I understood. I didn't know if I could go through with that.
"When I learned what I had done after you left, I was mortified and knew you could never accept me as your wife again, but I needed to give you everything to provide closure for you. Without that, you would have ended up blaming yourself and destroy any future chance of happiness."
Jay's eyes lit up with a little hurt when she said never accept her as his wife. Was there hope after all?
"When I joked with you about the parking downtown, I was only partially joking. I drove around the block by the STD clinic three times, trying to persuade myself to go in. It wasn't your requirement that made me go in, it was my own volition.
"I had to be tested given what had happened at the club. The numerous partners I had. It was as humiliating as you thought. I humiliated myself because of my behavior. So, you did not humiliate me, I did that to myself."
The amigos smiled at her, approving of her words so she took heart and continued. She saw Jay was breathing hard and had his eyes fixed on her though there were tears in them.
"When Jacqui suggested speaking to Jamie and Kirk, I never expected them to be our friends. When they told me how they got into it through the strip poker game, what had caught their attention which caused them to share and how they ended the evening. It was so romantic and loving I wanted to see for myself.
"It stirred the fantasies that I had when we were roleplaying, the ones I couldn't tell you though you gave me every opportunity. The hooker with the two guys wanting me, I so wanted to bring them to watch or even join in. The bad cop, I was so exposed, I knew anyone passing would see every intimate part of me. I wanted them to and wanted them to join in.
"Other games which allowed me to think of others watching or joining us made me so hot. That was the seed as to why I wanted to go to the sex club. If I had told you before, this may never have happened. I couldn't as I thought you would see me not as your wife but as a slut!
"My conscience was going on at me to include you. I had a chance to prepare for the possibility, that was all I told myself at the time. I denied you that opportunity. If I had given you that opportunity, I don't think this would have happened.
"As you said when you kissed my pussy before the others arrived, I was already extremely wet. I was so wound up with my fantasy and giving you yours if I went ahead with it. At the club, playing pool, being caressed, flashing everyone had me hot.
"I went off with Kirk, Mike, and Cindy, to watch, but aware that may change. I can't deny, the train and the orgy room were arousing. I don't think I could actually do either, ever.
"When I saw the room with the two couples, making love, holding hands with their own partner, I was mesmerized. I watched them change partners, hug, and caress their own, fuck in different positions, but still holding hands and looking lovingly into each other's eyes. I wanted you with me there so we could do that. This was Jamie and Kirk's favorite and what they practice there.
"I was so wet, I needed you. I decided that I wanted to fuck you in front of everyone. When we were doing that, I would have asked you if watching someone fuck me would be hot for you. If you said yes, I wanted to hold your hand as I gave you your fantasy. Jamie would make love to you holding hands with Kirk. After that we would go to the quiet room together and make love as lovers.
"Two things went wrong. Jamie and you lost track of time. Jacqui was bored waiting so decided to start playing with Kirk and then included me.
"By the time we arrived in the room, to await you both. I was so hot. If I was going to fuck someone, it was to be you first. Kirk was flushed, he wanted me but knew you must be there and agree. Jacqui started on Kirk's cock and I had to join in. As I stroked and kissed it, I so wanted to be holding your hand. Finally, Kirk could take no more without blowing and Jacqui had me play with her, something I had always shied away from, but I was so turned on. I did and it was great so much better than I expected.
"Jacqui pushed me on the bed and was at my pussy. I told her I had said I would keep my panties on, so she pushed them up my pussy. She worked on me, I was so close to an orgasm, but I needed yours or Kirk's cock.
"I said something and the next I knew you were charging into the room. I could see your anger and arousal. Even as Jacqui made me cum, I knew this was wrong. We didn't give you any acceptable option, so you kept quiet. I should have told you to fuck me.
"While you were watching, I hoped you would join in. I heard your pain as you urged Kirk to pound me. Jamie joined in and held her hand out to you, but you just stared at her and at me. I could see something in your eyes, I had really, truly hurt you and I never understood why.
"You said it was not your fantasy. Without you it was not my fantasy. I betrayed us both.
"You asked about what my facial expression meant. You said it told you I had total distain for you and basically told you to fuck off. Last night, with the help of my amigos, I discovered the truth.
"The look of complete loathing was not generated at you. Instead, I think my conscience from deep within came up with a look which said she loathed me for not including you. It was self-loathing at myself for what I had done to you, the hurt I had caused. It was me I was disgusted at. It was getting back at me for ignoring it.
"I see it every time I look in the mirror and feel it every time, I see the hurt in your eyes. It wasn't for you. I could never loath you Jay.
"Jay, I have caused you so much hurt and pain because I never included you in this. All our adventures were done together, and I forgot that. I broke our rules. I love you and want to try and rebuild our love and trust, but I will do as you wish. I will love you forever!"
Jay had watched Maddie throughout. He had seen the resolve in her to tell everything. He knew how much that had cost her. He saw the love in her eyes. He didn't know what to do or say.
Amy looked at Stacy who nodded. Both looked at Maddie and used their heads to tell her to come and hug Jay. Maddie took the hint and went to him. She put her arms around him and pulled him to her face. Both felt the tears of the other on their cheeks. She told him she loved him and wanted to be his wife if he wanted her. He told her he loved her and wanted her. They hugged tighter and cried some more.
When the amigos looked round, all the couples were hugging and crying. They hugged each other and hoped they had done enough to save the marriage. Ann surprised them by saying that when she got home, hubby had better perform or he was being sent out for a big box of batteries. Amy and Stacy agreed; after what they had heard their husbands were going to get a happy shock on their return. No one said they were thinking about the amigos and their husbands playing strip poker!
When things settled down and the other couples left, Jay and Maddie were still hugging.
The amigos left to bewilder their husbands hoping they had left the shoots of a recovery.
(to be continued)