HIS PART
"Ahhh..." I stretched out in my seat at the movie theater. My hometown has a small movie theater that caters to already run movies...basically the flicks that the big theaters had already phased out were shown here at a reduced cost. I loved to take in a week day matinee. Usually I had the theater to myself, with my favorite seat actually being 3 in the back corner. I could flip up the armrests and pretty much have a couch to myself. That and a big bowl of popcorn...heaven!
The lights had dimmed and the 1st trailer was underway when they walked in. I could only see 2 dark forms emerging from the hallway to the theater. As they entered they looked around... not sure if they saw me in my laid back position, but since they shortly picked some seats in the middle about 10 rows in front of me, I didn't really care.
The show got underway after the trailers. I had a great view of the screen and could also see the heads of the other movie-goers in front of me. At a cursory glance, it looked like they had done what I had; flipped up the armrests, giving them more freedom of movement. I guessed it was a man and a woman... it looked like her head was on his shoulder. I'm not sure why I kept looking... not like this was the first time I'd ever had to share the theater.
The next time I looked their way, I was surprised to only see 1 head instead of 2. I hadn't noticed anyone leave...
Sitting up a bit, I realized that the missing head was the woman. And that she wasn't, in fact, missing. From my vantage point further back and up in the theater, it was pretty obvious that her head was buried in her partner's lap, giving him a blow job. I couldn't actually SEE anything, but that head bob is hard to mistake for anything else. This trip to the movies had certainly gotten interesting!
Movie forgotten, I continued to watch, sitting up a little higher. She shifted in her seat, kneeling now to get a different angle. This allowed him to reach over and rub his hand along her ass even has his head lolled back, apparently enjoying what he was getting, the lucky bastard. He continued to stroke her ass, sometime smoothly, sometimes getting a grip and squeezing. She played along, waggling it for him to show her pleasure. My cock started to get hard under my shorts. Almost unconsciously I reached down and began to stroke myself slowly.
I realized she was wearing a shorter skirt when he pulled the material up and over her ass. Holy shit, that's her ass! It almost glowed in the reflected light from the screen. And looked very nice and fit from my view. The guy continued stroking but this time focused more on the space between her cheeks, stretching to reach and pushing his hand under her panties to get at the pussy underneath. I knew the moment he touched her there; she gave a jerk and a muffled "oomph" that carried all the way to me despite the Dolby 7.1 stereo surround sound. Her shoulders began to move faster as she sped up sucking him off. His hand stayed buried under her panties.
Suddenly she pulled off him and stood up, dislodging his hand. I saw her fiddle around under her skirt, then straddle him. Holy shit, they're going to fuck right here in the theater, right here in front of me! And sure enough, she put her arms on his shoulders and began to ride him. I could not believe what I was seeing. My pulse was going 90 miles an hour! I also fished my cock out of my pants and began stroking in earnest.
His hands naturally went to her chest, grabbing onto her tits and holding on tight. Now that she was away from the screen I really couldn't see her face or chest, darnit. It occurred to me that she, however, would be able to see me pretty clearly. And I knew the moment she did. She stopped dead, head in my direction. And I just sat there and stared back and where her eyes would be. Shit, so busted...
But then she started to move again. Slowly at first, then even faster than before. The whole time she stared right at me like she was daring me to stop them or something. Ha, like that was gonna happen! Best movie EVER!
She moved her hands over his, helping him caress her chest, changing her hip movements to more back and forth instead of up and down. Then, almost impatiently, she whipped her shirt over her head. I still couldn't see everything but it sure looked like more than handful to me. His hands immediately went back to her chest, kneading her breasts in time to her thrusts. And still she watched me.
At this stage I became aware of a couple things. One, I was rock hard in my hand, precum dripping profusely. Two, it wouldn't take much for me to cum. Which brought on question number three... what would I do when I came? Let it fly? Find some napkins? I spied my uneaten popcorn and solved that little problem.
It was then that I felt like I owed my new friend a show in return. But could I do it? I'm as white bread as they come... exposing myself to a stranger was a thing of nightmares, not fantasy. But fortune favors the bold so... slowly I stood. By the nodding of her head, I knew I'd made the right choice. From only 10 rows away, I knew she could see me quite well. I stroked for her, trying to match her hip action. I even put my hand on my stomach with my penis propped between 2 fingers and waggled it so she could see the whole thing.
My heart was still going like crazy but I was totally into this, my eyes locked on my new friend, showing her everything I had. But I was still unprepared when she reached behind her back and popped her bra off. Her partner appreciated the gesture, immediately burying his face in them. Judging by his head movements, he was really getting after it, moving from breast to breast, using his hands to help. She LOVED it. Hands in her own hair now, totally exposed to his mouth and my eyes.
I couldn't take it anymore. With a small groan I gripped my cock, gave a couple more pumps, and cut loose. Too late for the popcorn tub for sure. It would have been hilarious if I could have shot all the way to them but that only happens in anime porn. I did clear at least 2 rows with the first blast, straight at them before it disappeared into the shadows of the rows. I tried to aim the next blasts more up so she could see them. 2-3-4 shot out of me, my hips helping to propel them, before I was spent. I stood there, cock in hand, chest heaving. I think that did it for her. With a series of jerks and convulsions, it was clear to me that she was having one hell of an orgasm. For that matter, so was he, head back, back jerking. It was quite a show.
When it was over, I flopped back down to my seat. My hand was a sticky mess so I fumbled for some napkins to clean up before putting myself away. I quick glance showed me they were in the same boat, reassembling themselves and cleaning up. Now, after it was all over, I felt like this was almost too personal to watch, so I kept my head down for a few minutes. When I peeked again, he was there but she was gone... maybe to the bathroom?
I readjusted myself in the seat, wondering what the hell was going on in the movie and how much time was left. Not much, if I was any judge.
She came back a few minutes later. But instead of going to her seat, she came further up... towards me. And sat down besides me. Up close she was... normal. Cute. Attractive enough to be attracted to. Not what your fantasy encounter would normally be... but all the more amazing because of that.
I didn't know what to say. Neither did she, it seems. She just looked at me for a long moment, then quickly leaned over and kissed my cheek.
"Thank you," she whispered. And then she was gone. Down the stairs to her friend, gathered him up, and away they went. I really don't know if he ever realized I was there.
When I left the theater, the sun was still up. Everything was just like I had left it, just a little later in the day. Except it wasn't and never would be again. I drifted off to my car in a daze, replaying the whole thing over and over in my head. One thing was for sure... going to see a show would never mean the same thing again!
HER PART
We walked into the theater hand in hand. He bought the tickets, I eyed the popcorn but decided against it. Then up and into the darkened theater we went. At the end of the hallway we did a quick look-around but no one was here...perfect.
I allowed him to lead me into our seats, flipping up the armrest as we sat. I cuddled into him, my hand already stroking his hardening cock over his pants. You see, we had a plan. We'd been building up to it for weeks now. Talking about it. Thinking of ways to do it. How to get away with it. We both had a fantasy about doing it in a public place. We'd done it in the park after dark. Of course the blowjob on the interstate when other cars weren't in sight. But where else could we go? There had to be some risk...
We'd finally landed on the local theater on a day the movie was set to end showing. Low chance of bystanders but still the potential... it was perfect!
I stroked him, feeling him hardening in my hand under his pants. Growing impatient, I tugged at his zipper. He helped out, zipping it down and fishing himself out. I didn't hesitate, dropping my head into his lap and my mouth over his cock. Giving head sideways is always a bit of a challenge... my boyfriends cock wasn't a perfect tube, running thicker side to side. Always the risk of teeth going from this angle but hey... head's head. Even when it's bad it's still pretty good.
Shifting, I got up on my knees to get a better angle. And to let my man play with my ass. No reason this adventure should be all about him, right? I didn't even bat an eye when he pulled my skirt up over my ass... that's called INITATIVE, and I approve of it! But oh, when his hand slid under my panties and right into my very wet pussy... it was a like a freight train right into my stomach. If anyone had been in the theater they would have heard my very loud moan of approval.
Enough foreplay! I popped up, slipped my panties off, and climbed aboard. His fingers had been nice but there was no substitute for a nice thick cock sliding into me. I love it when I'm wet enough that he can bottom out on the first try. That first stretch, the tickle of pubes on my naked pussy, the jolt of my clit hitting his pubic bone. Nothing compares. I pause for a moment, then start a nice up and down, teasing both of us with the slow motion.
And that's when I saw him. And I froze. A guy up in the back row. Eyes as big as manhole covers, watching us. Where in the FUCK had he come from?? Had he been there the whole time? I felt my face go red...and my pussy go WET. Holy shit what a rush! I started to ride my man again, a back in forth motion I knew drove him wild and let my clit bump into his belly. I also straightened up so my boobs could get some action. My man's hands went right to them, just like I knew they would.
The whole time I kept my eyes on the watcher. Even in the dark I could tell he was jerking off, and knowing that was soo nice. This is what we wanted... the chance of an audience, the thrill of the show, hoping the watcher got just as much of a thrill. I wanted to give him the show of his life for making me feel this good. Without thought, I pulled my shirt off, letting him see my tits. AND HE STOOD UP. Slowly, unsurely, but holy shit, there he was, showing me what I was doing to him. He could have been an inch long (he wasn't) and it still would have been in the top 5 of my All The Cocks I'd Ever Seen list. And he gave me a show. Jerking and waggling, right there in front of me. Well hell, 2 can play at that game. Off came my bra, letting my man do his thing. The feeling of his cock in my pussy, his hands and mouth of my tits PLUS all the visual stimulation I was getting from Mr. Watcher... it was too much. I knew could feel my orgasm rising and rising, threatening to wash me away.
And then he came. In the flickering light of the film, I could see a wad of cum flying straight towards me and into the darkness between us. Then more and more...
My wave crashed. I jerked uncontrollably on my man's lap and knew that was all he needed to join me. Theater 2: Now showing Three orgasms, no waiting. Amazing...
When we came down, I realized the movie was nearing its end. I quickly found my bra and shirt, then pulled up my panties and made a beeline to the ladies room. A few minutes there put things more or less back together. As I re-entered the theater, I paused for the briefest moment, then walked right past my row to Mr. Watcher.
Sitting down beside him, I just stared for a moment. He was... normal. Not bad looking, not great just... normal. And yet he had made our afternoon adventure so, so amazing. I leaned in and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek.
"Thank you." And then I gathered up my man and we left.
"Wow, hon," he said as we strolled away. "That was something else! You REALLY got into it!"
"Oh babe," I drawled, "You have NO idea..."