It had been a good class.
It was the last one for today and now she was ready for a shower.
Grabbing her gym bag as the class emptied out, she happened to glance at her phone, there was a notice from the place she had found on-line. She slipped the phone into her bag; she would read it when she was alone.
She stripped down in the crowded shower area, naked and half-dressed women of all shapes, sizes, and ages moved around her, a few said hello or goodbye as they either came or left the shower area.
A few stole quick glances at her from the corner of their eyes.
She was almost 6' tall which made her taller than most. From constant exercise, she had a toned, athletic body with long shapely legs that joined together in a firm ass that drew many stares from both men and women when she was in public, but in a crowded shower especially.
Her clearly defined abs were the result of countless crunches and sit-ups; her arms were strong but graceful; a few women discretely checked out her perky and sensitive 34B's, at the moment, surrounded by all of these naked women, her nipples were standing at attention; she did not consider her face to be beautiful, but she might have been the only one who thought that way, and her long blonde hair was contained in a pony tail.
Some women in the shower also noticed her bright red toenails and matching fingernails and all of them noticed her shaved pussy and the number of small but numerous tattoos she had in very strategic spots.
The tattoos were a mix of symbols and flowers and she had had a rose on her left shoulder blade, the Japanese symbol for resilience in the small of her back, a Gaelic symbol for phoenix on her ankle, and more roses and thorns on each of her wrists
Her mind drifted as she washed the sweat of the day from her body. She thought about the last time, when she had almost gone through with it.
It had been a different club than the one that had sent her the email; she had actually driven there and was sitting in the parking lot when she lost her nerve. She lost her entrance fee when she drove away after coming so close and now, she wondered if she could go through that again.
Since her breakup 6 months ago, she had noticed that her normally unshakeable confidence had more than a few cracks in it. She had focused on her job and little else since then, withdrawing from the world, not even dating or seeing much her friends.
She knew she had to bust out of this rut and this idea had seemed a way to do that, she had just turned 27 and she knew that she would find someone new, but he had left a big hole in her life.
The idea had come from a compliment from one of the new students in her pole dancing class.
Brenda, an attractive woman in her early 50's had asked her in a complimentary way if she had ever done any exotic dancing because she was so good at it.
Brenda had said, "I don't know what they pay you here Tracey, but you could likely make more in one night there and you would in a week here."
When she told Brenda that she was flattered but she didn't think anyone would be interested paying to see her dance, Brenda replied, "Honey, are you kidding, you must be one of the most attractive women I know, and I would pay money to see you naked."
Brenda blushed bright red as soon as the last part crossed her lips, "Oops, sorry."
Tracey just smiled, "Thanks' Brenda, I appreciate the ego boost."
Brenda offered to buy her a coffee and later they sat in the lounge area of the gym and she brought it up again.
"Honey, if I had your body I would do it in a heart beat, it was always one of my fantasies to dance on stage as a stripper, naked in front of all those people and literally having sex with the patrons and getting paid for it, it makes me wet just thinking about it."
Tracey had to admit, she felt a little damp herself when she thought about it and subconsciously, she agreed that there was something exciting about being one of a handful of people totally nude in a place full of clothed people.
Tracey added, "Brenda, what are you talking about, you look amazing, I think you're prettier than I am, I've watched the way you move in class, you're in very good shape."
"You're sweet Tracey, I might have a nice body, but you have one that belongs on stage," and squeezed her hand.
Brenda said she had been to a club with some friends in the city, called, "Anything Goes," on a night that they advertised an "amateur strip night." Partly, Brenda explained, the atmosphere was about what she had expected with lots of loud and drunken men shouting and howling at some very pretty and some not so pretty naked youngish women pole dancing, lap dancing, serving, and generally being felt up by the customers.
She said when her and her friends arrived at the club at about 9 pm, it was about ¾ full and they were still able to find a good table. The "amateur" portion of the evening didn't begin until 10 pm.
What surprised Brenda as she looked around was the number of women in the place and that many of them were just as loud and drunk as the men, including eventually all of her female friends and herself.
Brenda said she that is actually what got her interested in joining her class. Now after a few weeks of taking the class she said that dance routines were almost identical to the ones she saw that night.
Tracey's mind returned to the present moment and pulled out her pony tail and washed her hair and then she went and started toweling off.
Absentmindedly, Brenda's conversation returned again to her and she remembered Brenda saying she was surprised at the amount of actual physical contact that the dancers had with customers and she found out later that this club allowed far more intimate contact than many other places, which was why it was always full.
Tracey thought to herself, "I need to do this, I need to get my confidence back, and who knows, it will certainly stop me from being so uptight."
She loved dancing and the pole dancing class in particular, it would be fun to actually pole dance for real.
As she drove home, questions swirled in her mind: "What would people think? What would her parents think? Would she get in trouble at work? What if she was mauled by the customers? Would she turn into some kind of slut?"
She reflected and said to herself, "God you are uptight, it doesn't matter what people, including your parents think, if someone thinks you are slut or an exhibitionist, who cares, do things that make you feel good about yourself and your body."
When she got home and made something to eat, she stopped and looked in the mirror. She knew deep down she needed to do something drastic to move past the breakup that had been haunting her for the past 6 months, and she said to herself, "Okay time to put on your big girl panties or take them off," she laughed, "and do this!"
She found the website from the message and applied on-line, paying the entrance fee, requesting her music - "Nasty Girl" by Destiny's Child, and then she took out the same outfit she had planned to wear the last time.
She had bought a pair of 5-inch stiletto black heels that made her incredibly tall, a short black dress with spaghetti straps, red lacy G-string type panties, and a matching lace bra that was so sexy, and a thick black necklace that actually looked like a dog collar.
The outfit had originally been purchased for some fun with her ex, but he had never seen it because he had broken up with her, now it seemed perfect as a way to put him behind her.
Looking at the outfit lying on the bed and then imagining dancing in front of a crowd of men and women, she felt a warm electric feel between her thighs; for the first time in weeks, she actually felt turned on, maybe it was because this time she was determined, maybe this time she would get her life back again.
She folded up the outfit and put into a spare gym bag and then took off her clothes and put on a comfy oversized tee-shirt and went to the kitchen and poured herself a glass of red wine, a large glass of red wine.
Moving to her sofa, she found a porn site on her laptop and watched several strip videos, getting hotter each time. Brenda was right about feeling turned on imagining being the only person naked in a sea of fully clothed people; she closed her eyes, laid down on the sofa, and let her fingers start to explore.
Starting at her neck and just using just her fingertips.
Slowly almost mirroring each other, her hands gently stroked her neck, making smaller then larger circles, she paused to strip off her t-shirt, and settled back on the sofa.
Operating with minds of their own, each fingertip lightly massaged and caressed her skin, moving down her body; her mind behind closed eyes saw only bright and vivid greens and blues. She didn't have to see her breasts to know each nipple was already hard as a small stone, knowingly her fingers moved up the smooth sides of each breast and lightly circled each of her areola, ignoring the nipples for the moment.
The greens and blues moved to darker and deeper shades. Her breath coming more rapidly now as her heartbeat quickened.
Finally, first the left fingers and then the right fingers circled each nipple, using thumbs and forefingers they first pinched and then pulled on the hard nubs, a low whimper followed by a stronger moan followed and continued as her experienced hands worked their magic.
She started to feel the long dormant pressure starting to build. Her mind drifted to Brenda, in her mind she saw the older woman, as old as her mother, standing watching her dance.
In her imagination, she was wearing her normal tights as she danced, only this time Brenda was completely nude. Her body, while older, was remarkably fit and Tracey imagined her standing close to her as she did her pole dancing class. See could see other students, but they didn't seem to notice Brenda.
Tracey's fingers began to move down her stomach, one hand lingered on her breasts, slow circles were making the whimpers more regular now, she imagined Brenda's hand now exploring her body as somehow Brenda was able to follow each dance move perfectly.
In her mind her hands now belonged to Brenda as her second hand slowly moved down her stomach and the first one moved across her flat abdomen, sliding under her tights, and discovered the first folds of her pussy.
Brenda now ran her long fingers around the edges of Tracy's sex, Tracey inhaled the sweet aroma of her heat and her breathing was very rapid now and her whimpers were low and increasingly louder.
Brenda's fingers explored around and into her pussy, one finger and then two, slowly moving inside and back out again. The background of her dream was now solid black as Brenda's second hand held her ass tightly and slowly slipped beneath her waist band and down the narrow space between her two cheeks.
Tracey's hips began to flex and push against Brenda's hands and she felt herself starting to slip over the edge into depths of the blackness. She remembered one of Brenda's fingers slowly circling and penetrating her ass and the blackness erupted into a billion flecks of glass as she came, she came with a long loud scream that woke herself up.
The orgasm didn't abate just because she was awake, the orgasm moved her like she was a piece of driftwood caught in an ocean of waves, her body flexed and arched for what seemed like forever for Tracey, but was really only a few moments. She felt her heart racing and her skin was sweaty and somehow, she had ended up on the floor of her living room.
She just lay there catching her breath for almost ten minutes.
"Wow, that was pretty awesome," Tracey thought, her first orgasm in a long time.
She glanced at the clock, it was 1:30 in the morning, where did the last 3 hours go, she looked down at her sweaty body and puffy little pussy and said to herself, "Thank you Brenda, that was incredible."
Pulling herself up, she walked on wobbly legs to the bedroom and collapsed onto the bed, not bothering to even pull the sheets over herself and slept.
The next day she got her confirmation for Friday night, it was only two days away, doubt flickered for a moment and then she forced it out of her mind. Showering and getting ready for work almost by remote control, and she stayed on cruise control for most of the day, distant and aloof, she still taught her classes extremely well, but it wasn't until the last class of the day, when she saw Brenda that her mind really snapped back to reality.
Brenda came into class and was talking with a group of about 5 or 6 women and then came up to her and smiled.
Tracey was smiling too, "I had the most incredible dream last night, and you were in it."
Brenda said, "I hope it was a naughty dream, and that we had a good time together," she checked to make sure that no one heard her.
Before Tracey had a chance to tell her that yes, they had a fantastic time together in her dream. Brenda began talking again.
"Tracey, I wanted to tell you that club I told you about is having another "night" tomorrow and I wanted to see if you were interested in signing up, I think you would be great at it."
"Brenda, that's what I wanted to tell you, I am signed up, I did it last night, but you can't tell anyone," Tracey said as if she was telling Brenda state secrets.
"I don't want you to back out Tracey, but several of us are going to that club tomorrow," Brenda said watching Tracey's reaction closely
Tracey panicked a little, "I can't do it then, what if they tell my bosses, I'll have to cancel."
Brenda could actually see the excitement draining out of Tracey.
"Honey, you will do nothing of the sort, who cares if anyone sees you, we will be there to support you not to tell on you, we will cheer and scream for you, and who knows maybe we will even pay you to lap dance for us," Brenda added with a devilish smile.
Brenda had plugged the leak; Tracey felt a tiny bit better.
"Tracey, if it was one of us, what would you do?" Brenda asked.
"You would support us, your students love you, you work hard, you care, have you noticed that your classes always get bigger each season?" Brenda said seriously.
"Besides, none of us will say anything negative about you," she added.
"It's because you are the only instructor people want, you are sexy, beautiful, smart, and besides, at the risk of all of us becoming lesbians, we all want to see you naked, me included, I have been having dreams about you all the time since I met you, very sexy and very naughty dreams," Brenda laughed, rebuilding Tracey's confidence in one longish sentence.
"Plus, I'm not the only one, when you are in the shower, I think virtually all of us want to attack you," she laughed, which was actually the case with at least the eight women who were going to the club.
Brenda hugged her and discretely squeezed her ass and then said, "Okay sweetie, get your sexy little ass over to the pole and teach us some naughty things we can do at home."
"Yes ma'am," Tracey replied and feeling excited and pumped, she took her spot and then took the class through one of the most spirited classes they could remember.
After the class, Tracey had some paper work to do and was sitting at the small desk at the back of the room as the class began to leave.
Brenda was leaving with the same group of women that she came with, Tracey saw her say good-bye to the women and then she glanced back at her work. The next thing she knew Brenda was standing by the desk looking down at her.
"Come with me Tracey, let's go get a coffee or something?" Brenda said quietly.
"I'm all sweaty, I haven't had a shower yet," Tracey said in a quiet voice that didn't mean "no".
"It's okay, honey, I don't mind, grab your things and let's go," Brenda said.
They crossed the street and Brenda took her hand and they walked down the block to a quiet restaurant that Tracey didn't even know was there. She was still dressed in her tights and a loose sweater. She had no makeup on, an old pair of sneakers, and she was still the prettiest woman in the place, thought Brenda.
They talked about Brenda for the first while, Brenda was a retired school teacher, she now spent her time volunteering and working part time at the local university as a faculty assistant, a fancy name for a person that did whatever needed doing. She liked being busy and she laughed it kept her from having her husband drive her crazy.
Tracey told her about the last few months, it was really the first time she had really told anyone what had happened and Brenda listened, they had a nice dinner and shared some wine.
Tracey apologized for monopolizing the conversation and Brenda said, "Honey, don't you apologize, I understand completely, she reached across the table and held her hand for a long time and neither spoke.
Finally, Brenda broke the silence, "Are you going to go through with your plans for tomorrow night?"
Tracey sat quietly for a moment, and said "Yes, it's funny, I have taught dancing and pole dancing, maybe it's time that I actually did it for real."
"Make me one promise, will you?" Brenda asked.
"They usually let the amateur dancers go out on the floor afterwards for a while as a reward, promise me you will come to our table and do a couple of lap dances for us, me especially," Brenda said looking into her eyes so deeply, that Tracey thought she could see all her secret desires.
"Oh, and here is one more thing," and she handed Tracey a small black garter for her leg, "it's for any money you get for lap dancing sweetie," and then she said, "you need to get home and get some rest, you have to work and then dance tomorrow night, plus I have to get home."
They left the restaurant together and as they approached the parking lot where their cars were parked almost together, Tracey stopped and kissed Brenda on the lips.
"Thank you, I needed someone to talk to, more than anything else," she said.
"You're welcome Honey, you really are a special woman," and she kissed her back, this time open mouthed and for far longer than just a friend's kiss. Stopping for a moment, "I expect you to put on quite a show for your students tomorrow," and she unlocked her door and kissed Tracey a last time and said goodbye.
Tracey was exhausted and when she got home, she just got everything ready she needed for the club, showered, and then climbed into bed naked and was asleep almost as soon as her head hit the pillow.
The day dragged by with the anticipation of the evening, she had arranged to leave early and when it was time, she slipped home, with an eagerness that was far different than the anxiety she had felt last time.
She started removing her clothes almost before she parked her car, once inside her apartment, she left a trail of clothes from the door to the bathtub. Her jacket fell onto the floor by her front door right on top of her shoes, her work t-shirt was on the living room floor, her bra hung from a door knob, her sweaty tights on the hallway floor, her damp thong on the bathroom floor, and her socks beside the tub.
She ran the water for a bath. She liked the water hot and when she stepped in the water, she could barely stand the heat, but it helped relax her muscles and as she lowered her ass into the water, she could feel the tension slipping away.
Soaking for a few minutes, she began shaving herself, she normally had very little body hair and having shaved since she was a teenager, she was well practiced and in no time at all she was perfectly smooth.
She turned on the shower to wash her hair and to wash away the soap and residue. She toweled herself off and applied a tiny bit of lilac perfume to herself and just a tiny splash on the smooth skin above her pussy.
According to the instructions for tonight, she was told to bring her "outfit" and she could change there, and the note said just to wear some casual clothes before the show began.
Tonight, she picked her old torn faded blue jeans with no panties, she loved the way the soft denim tucked into her pussy and the feeling of the fabric against her smooth skin. A plain white t-shirt followed, again with no bra, she could feel her nipples pressing hard against the thin fabric leaving two points about an inch around poking from the shirt, she applied a little makeup just to accent her features, and put her hair up.
Gathering up her bag, she doubled checked her outfit and slipped on her sandals and began the drive to the city.
The drive was a blur and her mind swirled with emotions from nervousness to confidence, and just over an hour later she parked at the club. It was early yet and only a few cars were in the lot. She followed the instructions from the website and was ushered into a room with five other women.
An older, very elegant looking lady entered the room and introduced herself as Nancy, the club owner. She said they were waiting for one more, and then things would be explained, but in the mean time, they should start getting changed, each was given a combination for a locker and they were encouraged to try to relax and just have fun tonight.
Tracey checked her phone, it was about 9 pm and they could hear customers arriving and the music was loud. Regular dancers would be performing for the gathering crowd and they would go on at 10pm.
There was no privacy in the small changing area as each of the five started getting ready, when the sixth arrived, Nancy came back in and said for them to finish getting changed. All of the women in the room were attractive, every where Tracey looked there were naked bodies and she felt her pussy starting to get even wetter than it already was.
The women were all ages, one younger and the rest were older than Tracey, some talked, some were quiet, a few looked absolutely terrified, but Tracey really didn't notice, she allowed herself to relax and started with the panties and bra.
Sliding the G-string up her legs and adjusting the tiny triangle of fabric to cover her pussy was tricky because it barely covered her opening, as she quietly slipped a finger into herself and licked it, an older woman caught her eye and just smiled.
Moving the back string into place, it felt delicious in her ass, the sensation of pulling the single strand of fabric snugly against her rosebud made her whimper a little and it was virtually invisible between her cheeks. Several of the other women made a few sideways glances in her direction.
Putting the lacy, tissue like bra in place was increasingly difficult as her nipples hardened, in the end the bra only covered a portion of her breasts and her areola and nipples where rock hard and easily visible. She adjusted her hair in one of the shared mirrors and then slipped the black dress over herself, the dress hugged her body like it was painted on, only when she stood perfectly still did the bottom cover her ass and pussy, otherwise everyone could see something.
She adjusted the collar, and the hint of bondage she thought was just like the icing on a cake.
Finishing off, she slipped the stiletto's into place, with them on, she towered over everyone, but she was ready, and it coincided with Nancy's return.
Of average height, Nancy looked at Tracey, "My dear, you are so tall and so absolutely delicious looking, I can't wait to see you naked."
Nancy explained the rules, they would wait until called, their music would start 30 seconds after they were warned to come out, they would perform their dance, and then they were free to return to the change room and wait until the winner was announced or they could mingle with the crowd and do whatever they liked.
A word of caution though was explained, part of their fee went to pay for a one-night licence as an exotic dancer, some went to the DJ, the bouncers, and the club, they were free to do lap dances, at "Anything Goes," they were free to engage in any and all behavior they chose under no pressure.
Nancy added, "If you engage in any sex, especially penetration, to please be aware that the release that each of you signed absolves the club from being responsible for anything."
Nancy finished by saying, "Someone will pick up your clothes and everything including your phones and keys will be safe until you leave tonight. Thank you everyone, and have fun tonight, we appreciate your bravery and courage."
The clock ticked quietly on the wall. A stage hand called the first entry, the six of them could hear the roaring of the crowd as she was introduced, the club must be full now based on the sound, it was deafening. The first entry went out, Tracey drew the last spot so she would wait until everyone else had gone.
Tracey thought the first woman must have done okay because as the song died, the applause was very strong with lots of whistles and catcalls.
And so, it went, each entry went out, and none came back, none of the remaining women talked much as they waited, Tracey's doubt and butterflies increased, but unlike the others, she forced herself to stop worrying and after the third person went on stage she started to warm up.
At the last minute she decided to forego the heels, and she would dance barefoot. She was the only one who went barefoot or did any stretching.
As she did the stretching exercises and visualized her moves she played the song in her head, just like she told her students to do. Tracey knew that Brenda would recognize the song as they had actually used it a few times in her class.
Finally, she was the only one left in the room and before long the stage hand stuck his head in the room, "okay, honey, 30 seconds."
He smiled at her and said, "You're going to be great, just have fun and be the music."
She took a deep breath and the music started. Brenda would tell her later that their entire table had their mouths wide open in shock when she went on stage. Each of her students would say she was the only "amateur" who stayed in perfect time to their music. The club was completely full, about one third of the patrons were women, included among them was a table right next to the stage with eight of her students.
When she spoke to Brenda later, Brenda said she came out and began by removing her pony tail and shaking her long hair out giving her a tousled "just fucked" look that started the crowd cheering.
Brenda added, "You strutted around the stage, moving your hips in perfect rhythm to the beat and using your hands to caress and massage your ass, tits, and pussy, our table hooted and hollered louder than anyone," she added proudly.
Next Brenda continued, "You moved around the pole, just like you taught us in class, each time you kicked your legs up, you flashed the crowd your cherry red thong and beautiful ass.
To Tracey, nothing existed except the dancing, so totally focused she did not remember anything of how she did.
One of the other students told her later that as she pulled the little black dress off revealing her toned and very sexy body, their table and all the other patrons screamed out her name. "Your routine was much more involved than all of the other women put together, we loved how several times you laid on the floor and arched your body to give everyone glimpses of your tits, pussy, and ass."
Brenda said, "Your little bra came off next and you tossed it into the crowd, a table full of biker's ended up with it and they yelled even louder than the students."
Later some of the students told her they had never seen nipples so hard; they said that hers must have been more than an inch in diameter as she pinched and pulled on them several times during the dance.
About two thirds into the song, Brenda said, "You peeled your thong off, the crowd close to the stage could see the wetness dripping off of it and you held it to you face and inhaled your scent and then you strutted around the stage and tossed it directly to me."
Still another student said it was so sexy when Brenda held it close to her face and then put it around her neck like some kind of prize. They told her that she had spent the remainder of the song, doing exactly what she taught them, bending, showing her ass and pussy to the crowd, wrapping her long legs around the pole, and giving the audience a show that many of the regular dancers would envy.
She paraded around the stage wearing only her thick collar, strutting and dancing liked she owned the place and when the music stopped, it was only then that she noticed her surroundings and heard the applause.
She went to leave the stage when the DJ asked her to stay and she savoured the experience of being totally nude in front of several hundred people. She made no effort to cover herself and when the DJ came over and put his hands around her body she never even flinched.
He announced the winner a few seconds afterwards and to no one's surprise it was her. Nancy came up over to her and gave her a big hug and in full view of the audience long slow kiss.
Nancy yelled into her ear, over the approval of the crowd, to call her, she wanted her to consider coming back again. Nancy kissed her again and said, "Go, have some fun, and be very naughty," and slapped her on the ass.
Leaving the stage, she had to walk through a crowd of customers and she felt her ass being grabbed several times by both men and women alike, one woman actually put her hands right on her chest and squeezed her breasts and said, "ohhh, very nice." Unapologetic the woman held them for several seconds and then ran her hand between Tracey's legs, feeling her up and saying, "oh sweetie, you were so awesome on stage," and then moved back towards the stage and the hollered at the next dancer.
Tracey arrived at her student's table and each woman hugged and kissed her, several of them felt and caressed different parts of her body, all caught up in the moment.
Tracey turned to Brenda, "You said you would pay money to see me naked and do a lap dance for you, well now is your chance," Brenda took a 50 from her wallet and tucked it into the garter on Tracey's leg.
Tracey sat on Brenda knee, and ground her wet pussy into Brenda's thigh leaving a wet mark in the thin material, using her hands she caressed Brenda's tits, while Brenda ran her fingers up and down Tracey's chest, her fingers lightly touching her skin raising small goose bumps in their wake. Leaving the obvious places for later, Brenda drove Tracey crazy by caressing other parts of her body; the insides of her arms, the places just below her shoulders, the flat of her tummy, and the backs of her thighs.
Tracey in the mean time was nibbling Brenda's ear lobes and using her fingers stroke her long neck and rub her shoulders. Brenda inhaled the sweet salty fragrance of Tracey's sex and finally moved one hand between her thighs and was rewarded with Tracey sharply inhaling and pushing her vagina into Brenda's warm hand.
Everyone else at the table was ignoring the stage and was focused on Tracey and her amazing body and what Brenda was doing to her.
Brenda ran her other hand along the crack between Tracey's cheeks and in full view of everyone began playing with her ass. Alternatively cupping her checks and then slapping them, it wasn't long before Brenda's hand left red imprints on both cheeks, Tracey moaned and whimpered. Brenda took Tracey's nipples into her mouth and using her teeth and lips bit and sucked on both of them until Tracey's body shook from the orgasm that Brenda had created.
No one at the table could believe what Brenda and Tracey had done and suddenly each of them started waving $50's at her, Tracey moved from one student to the next, but refused to take any money from anyone. Each of the ladies deeply kissed Tracey, suckled on her breasts, felt her soaking pussy and ass while she caressed each of their breasts through their clothes and ground her pussy into their laps.
Several women from the audience clustered around their table and watched Tracey service each of the women in the group. When she finished with the last one, she returned to Brenda and wrapped her long legs around her and sat in her lap.
"You don't seem uptight any more honey," Brenda said as Tracey kissed her, their tongues and mouths wide open.
"Thanks for listening to me the other night, I don't think I could have done this without your help," Tracey said into Brenda's ear.
Brenda squeezed her tight, "Let's get out of here, let's get your things."
Tracey took her hand and Brenda told her friends she would be leaving with Tracey, they all smiled and told them to have fun.
Tracey, "Let me just grab my things and put some clothes on."
Brenda replied, "Grab your things, but don't put any clothes on okay, I want you to be naked for me."
Tracey, slipped into the small change room and the stage hand said she had been awesome, the best amateur that he could remember. She thanked him and allowed him to hug her and feel her up before quickly grabbing her things heading for the door. Just then she just happened to run right into Nancy on her way out.
"Tracey, you were incredible, I was hoping to run into you, I watched your little show at that table, it was so hot, are you a lesbian or do you like guys too?" she asked as she gave her another hug and stroked Tracey's ass.
"I never really thought about it, I like sex and I like being naked, and the feeling tonight was out of this world," Tracey replied honestly.
"If you would like to work for me as dancer, even part-time, we have a spot for you, call me next week and we can set something up, in the meantime, I love that older woman I saw you with, you two go and have some serious fun," with that Nancy kissed her again and ran her hands up Tracey's thighs and used both of them to stroke her pussy.
Tracey moaned and her head was spinning as she walked back to Brenda. They ran a gauntlet of people, many of whom seemed to find a piece of Tracey to touch or feel until they reached the door.
The bouncer smiled at her and said, "Normally I don't let naked people leave the building but for a hug I'll make an exception."
They were about the same height and Tracey wrapped her arms around his muscular body and he cupped each of her ass cheeks in his massive hands and told her, "Have some fun tonight, you were great."
Then they were out in the cool night air, Tracey got goose bumps and Brenda put her arm around her. Several men and women noticed her and her nakedness, almost all of them snapped pictures of her as they passed but no one stopped her.
Brenda looked at her hungrily, "You looked so hot tonight, I want to make love to you all night."
"What about your husband?" Tracey asked.
"I told him I was staying with a friend tonight; he knows my group was having a girl's night and that is true."
They went to get into Tracey's small car.
Brenda said, "Let me drive, I want your hands to be free to play with yourself as we drive to my motel."
"Motel?" Tracey asked.
"You didn't think I would be able to keep my hands off of you while we drove for an hour, did you?" Brenda laughed.
"Maybe instead of playing with myself, I can play with you," Tracey said in a quiet voice.
Tracey undid her seat belt and put her head between Nancy's chest and the steering wheel and lifted her top and undid Brenda's bra, to reveal a nice pair of small boobs, like Tracey's, her nipples were rock hard.
Brenda couldn't believe what was happening and before she could stop Tracey she started to moan as Tracey's lips touched and formed a latch around her closest boob.
"OOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH," Brenda moaned, Tracey's lips and teeth worked her breasts creating a feeling unlike anything her husband had ever done.
Brenda had to pull over because the feeling was so incredible.
Brenda ran her hand down Tracey's body and found her soaking vagina and started to twirl her fingers around the opening to her friend's sex.
Brenda could feel an orgasm building and then subside briefly as Lisa switch from one boob to the other, her nipples raw and so sensitive, Brenda could barely stop from screaming as she was suckled by another woman for the first time. Tracey had managed to somehow get a hand into her pants and then into her panties and the feeling was so intense.
Finally, it was too much and she felt herself losing control of her body, a loud moan followed by an incredible "YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS," erupted from her as Tracey continued suckling from her boobs.
"That was so awesome Tracey," as Tracey continued to lie on her lap and Brenda pulled back onto the road after recovering and drove with one hand on the wheel and one hand stroking Tracey's pussy.
It seemed to take only minutes to arrive at Brenda's motel, several of the students had booked rooms and shared them; Brenda though, had booked her own room, hoping that Tracey might be willing to spend the night.
Until she had met Tracey, she had never seriously considered having a female lover, but now, being with Tracey was all she thought about, and with Tracey lying naked right here, she could not believe how excited she was.
The parking lot was deserted, when she parked the car. Brenda got out and Tracey brazenly got out too and they walked together holding hands up to the door.
Brenda looked for the key, while Tracey stood in the cool moonlight of the well lite motel, her nakedness on full display.
They barely got through the door and closed before they looked at each other and Brenda stripped out of her clothes and then took Tracey's hand.
They began kissing, hands and fingers roamed freely on their naked bodies.
Soft curves and toned muscles, moist lips and darting tongues, penetrating fingers and the soft rustle of skin on skin touching, and low whimpers and moans as they moved together and fell onto the bed.
Tonight, had been mostly about raw sex and lust, exhibition and exposure, experimentation and pushing the limits and going past them.
Now, between these two women, something different was happening, something softer, something that when she closed her eyes made Brenda see vivid blues and greens.
Lying on the soft bed, Tracey brought Brenda to places of pleasure by licking and sucking on her sweet pussy, her breasts, her ass, and every part of her body. Using her tongue and fingers to find all of the secret places as the colours Brenda saw changed to dark black.
Tracey just focused on Brenda, and her whimpers, moans, and finally screams of pleasure echoed in their small room and the blackness exploded.