I have to say, the last month has been absolutely fucking incredible. Four weeks of wholly indulging my deepest carnal desires with Harry, of exploring each other's bodies with wanton abandon, giving freely and utterly to the overwhelming drive of teenage lust and trying every filthy thing we can think to try.
And I am so goddamn happy. I suppose running on half a dozen orgasms a day will do that, but there's a deeper, satisfied warmth that just seems to fill me to the brim lately. I feel...ugh, it's hard to describe, but long story short, it's been wonderful.
It's just a shame Mr Davis has had something of an attack of conscience, and it's like pulling teeth to get him to indulge our needs, but we've been enjoying the teasing nonetheless. And, for as much as I crave that giant black meat of his, crave it in every orifice, Harry has been a pretty damn good substitution.
I stir amongst the sheets of my bed, running a hand through my mess of straw-coloured hair, and sigh happily, a smile flittering over my lips as the shower in my ensuite stops. I can't remember ever smiling as much as I have in the past few weeks. I shift amongst the silken sheets, soft against my bare skin, and drag one knee up. Dappled sunlight falls over me from the open window, and I feel the cool breeze waft over the heat between my thighs.
I thought having my needs met might satiate me, instead, I feel hornier with each passing day. It feels like my pussy hasn't been dry in weeks. It's so bad I soak through panties as soon as I put them on, so I've gotten into the habit of wearing them as little a impossible.
I'm just considering sliding my hand down there when the door opens, and footsteps pad across the room, and I feel a weight on the bed. The sheets shift as someone crawls beneath them. I feel fingers brushing the soft skin of my calves, warm breath tickling, and then the delicate brush of lips on my legs, kisses trailing upwards towards the softness of my thighs, delightfully ticklish. They move over the soft globes of my supple ass, hands sliding up my back.
I moan, letting it become a contented sigh as I shut my eyes and wiggle my ass. Kisses circle my fleshy domes, nipping at me gently, until questing fingers slide between them and gently pull them apart, spreading me wide. I feel hot breath on my winking rosebud, and then the wet flick of a tongue, tickling my rubbery star. I gasp, my hole quivering, and raise my head, grinning over my shoulder through my unkempt hair.
Harry raises his head from between my cheeks, grinning his lopsided, carefree grin at me. I feel that little flutter in my chest, and bite my lip as the smile spreads across my face, unable to help myself as I lose myself for a moment in his eyes.
"Hey..."
"Morning," I say, running my tongue over my lip. We stare at each other for a moment, and then I wiggle my ass. "Well, don't leave a girl hanging."
He grins, and returns his mouth to my delicate anus, pressing his lips against the softly creased flesh. I shudder, sighing deeply, and clutch the sheets as he begins to lick me. He swirls his tongue about wetly, lapping at me with wide, rough strokes, slobbering over my rosy sphincter. This has become quite possibly my new favourite thing in the world, and Harry knows it, the bastard. He devours me, tonguing my hole, slithering inside the tight seal, rimming me with unbridled passion and lust. I feel my cunt grow slick, hot between my legs.
He stiffens his tongue and jabs, driving his wiggling, velvety muscle into my clingy ring as he bobs his head. I moan, relaxing and thrusting back to meet him as he slithers about inside me.
"Oh, babe...deeper..."
He drives his tongue inside me, and then slips it free, kissing my hole gently and pulling back. He rubs his thumb over it, slick with saliva. "If you want deeper, I can help with that."
He climbs over me, his bare skin - flushed from his shower - brushing mine. I sigh and settle into the sheets, dragging my knee up further, raising my ass. I feel the hard point of his erection jab at my thigh, and brush over my ass. He reaches for the bottle of lube on the nightstand, and squirts a glob of the cool liquid onto my spread ass, and rubs it in with his forefinger as I coo gently.
I know, I took a giant black cock up there without lube, and while I've been loving the occasional raw pain of dry anal, I'm not about to turn down lube for an everyday fucking.
I moan as he nudges his tender glans against me, fingers tangling in my hair as his spongy knob smears the greasy lube over my quivering hole. "You ready?" he breaths, applying the lightest pressure.
"Always," I murmur, relaxing my muscles and giving immediately in, and I gasp a squeak of delight as my ring gives way, sucking his bulbous head inside.
I still can't believe how easy it's gotten to take him, how little pain there is, after doing it nearly every day. I mean, I'm sure I'd still struggle with Mr Davis, but with Harry, a few moments of slight discomfort are all I have to deal with before it's whisked away by a surge of bliss.
He sinks into me gently, my sphincter dilating around his rigid warmth. He nudges the first inch inside me, gives me a moment to relax, and then thrusts hard, and in one swift stroke he buries himself in my little teen ass. I groan, breathing hard, keeping my hole relaxed as he spears me against the bed, pinning me to the sheets. He groans too, enamored by the velvety warmth of my anal grip as my muscles ripple tenderly against his buried shaft. He raises his hips, cock sliding slickly out, my ring hugging his throbbing girth. He begins to fuck me, gliding in and out of my oiled, slippery hole. He works in deep gentle lunges, before transitioning to faster thrusts, slapping into me as I gasp and moan, deeply penetrating my warm orifice.
He digs his hands into my plump, fleshy asscheeks as he drives into me, his thighs slapping against my flesh, his balls swinging and smacking my dripping slit. He drives all the way in and stays there, groaning over me, my pink ring stretched about his throbbing boner, clutching him, as he savours the smooth heat of my anal sheath.
We haven't been solely sticking to anal. He has fucked my cunt a few times, and while he's certainly not opposed to it, I know he prefers my ass. Honestly, anal's been filling the void pretty well, and there's a delicious delight in feeling Harry empty his balls inside me. After letting Mr Davis spill his load inside my pussy, well, we've been trying to be more careful.
Still, I really wouldn't mind the opportunity to have Mr Davis' thick monster stretching me again. Actually, I wish he would eat me out again, because I'm trying to respect Harry's dislike of sticking his tongue between my legs.
He leans in, lips brushing my ear, his breath hot, as he grinds and throbs within me.
"Oh, babe..." I murmur dreamily, gyrating against him. "Yes..."
I feel his smile as he nips my ear. "Yeah?"
"Yeah," I murmur back, sighing happily.
He slides his arm around me, fingers enclosing my soft tit and squeezing firmly as he embraces me. "Oh, fuck I love you."
"Mmm," I open one eye, smiling sideways at him, "love you, too."
"You just love my cock."
"Wow, that's not fair, I also love your tongue."
"Oh yeah?" He licks my neck, and I purr gently.
"And you only love my ass."
"I do really love your ass." He humps me softly, nudging his slippery pole into my bowels.
"It's yours."
"Yeah?"
"Yeah."
"Then squeeze me."
I smile, tensing and clenching my anal muscles like I've been practicing, feeling them tighten and convulse about his invading shaft. He groans, and I feel him tremble against me. "Fuck..."
"Are you close?"
"Mmmhmm."
"Cum in me," I breathe against the sheet, pushing back into him.
He grips my breast, kneading my sensitive nipple into his palm, and begins grinding into me with renewed vigor, gyrating his hips in rolling thrusts, driving his cock to the hilt inside my clingy hole. I moan, savouring the delightful fullness, the slight pang of pain as he bottoms out. His thrusts drive my mound against the bed, tickling my engorged clit, my slit mashed against the sheets, soaking the fabric.
I slide an arm beneath me, fingers reaching, into my tangle of soft hair, brushing my sensitive nub. Harry grabs my arm and roughly pulls it free, and pins it against the bed. He leans down, nipping my ear, and slams his cock into me as I gasp.
"This isn't about you," he breathes in my ear.
"Asshole," I shoot back, gasping again as he drives his rigid erection into me.
He fucks me with deep, lunging thrusts, pounding my tender hole raw as I squirm and moan. I feel him breathing hard in my ear, groaning as he thrusts. "Fuck, Audrey, I'm..."
"Wait..."
He pauses, cock held halfway inside me. "What?"
"Pull out."
He does so without question, dragging his boner from the clingy embrace of my anal sheath, and I roll onto my back. I draw my knees to my tits, spreading the wet pinkness of my slit. He shuffles up, pressing his slick glans to my lubed hole, and slides right back in as I groan. He collapses atop me, and I wrap my legs around him, pulling him against my heaving tits as I press my lips to his. He slithers his tongue over my lips, moaning into me, and then begins fucking me, wildly determined, assaulting my oily asshole with deep, slamming strokes.
I hold his face, my arms shaking, legs locked tight around his ass. I stare lustfully into his eyes, and he grins shakily, before his face contorts. I curl my lip, and wrap my arms around his neck, pulling him against me as he drives his beautiful dick deep into my spasming ass. I moan raggedly as I feel him twitch and throb, my muscles rippling as I squeeze him, and he begins to pumps his thick load into the steamy confines of my rectum. His luscious semen splashes and spurts into my bowels, flooding me with a torrent of his essence as he collapses atop me. He jerks and shudders, groaning and clutching me tight as I milk him. My heels dig into his ass, dragging him against me, and he squeezes my tit, rubbing my delicate nipple with his thumb as he hisses breath. "Fuuuck..."
I smile dazedly, stroking his sandy hair as he pulses, pushing the final drops of his orgasm into me. He lies atop me, panting, our warm bodies entangled, sheened with sweat. His rock-hard erection swims in my cum-flooded cavity, and I squeeze him, clenching my ring tight. He groans, nuzzling my neck. "Oh babe...I love you so much."
"Mmm, you mentioned," I murmur, tracing my finger down his back.
"It bears repeating," he mumbles, kissing my neck as I purr. He stays buried inside me until I finally feel him begin to soften, and he rises to his knees, and slowly draws his slippery shaft free. I moan as he leaves me, feeling my asshole pucker and dilate in defiance of his sudden absence, and roll back onto my stomach. I sigh into the sheets, drawing my knees in slightly, then glance back at Harry.
"Where's your phone?"
"Want me to take a picture?"
I grin, and he reaches for it. I lift my ass, and grip my rounded cheeks and spread them wide.
"Alright, smile."
I snort gently into the sheets, relaxing my anus and pushing slightly, dilating my ring, and making it gape obscenely. I feel a glob of Harry's cum slip free, and it slides down between my parted lips, into my wet slit.
"Fuck, Audrey..." Harry breathes as his phone clicks. "I will never get tired of that sight."
I grin, wiggling my ass for him. I feel his fingertips on my gaping hole, as I struggle to hold it open. They circle my raw ring gentle, then slip inside my gaping crevasse. I coo as he fingers me, massaging my velvety innards, slimy with his cum, and relax, letting my ring shrink around him. When he slips free after a minute of gentle fingering, I roll onto my back, and puff hair from my eyes. He trails his sticky fingers over my chest, and I let him run them up my neck to my lips, where I slither out my tongue, catching them and sucking them greedily into my mouth.
"You're filthy," he breathes as I suck his fingers.
I push them from my mouth, glistening and clean, and bat my lashes, looking hurt. "I'm filthy for you."
He leans in and kisses me, and I drive my tongue between his soft lips, kissing him passionately. We make out for a minute or so, tongues lashing, lips sucking and smacking wetly, breaths hot in each others mouths, before Harry flops down beside me. His greasy cock flops against his belly, still dribbling cum. I can feel the torrent slowly seeping out of my loose asshole, pooling between my cheeks and soaking into the sheets. I reach down, gliding my fingers through the slippery folds of my puffy labia, and bring them back to rub my desperate clit.
Harry raises his phone. "What should I say?"
I pinch my tender nub, pulling it in circles, breath catching as the little spike of pleasure ripples through me. "What about...miss this yet? Something like that?"
He taps away. "Done."
"Let me see."
He hands me the phone, and I stare at the picture of my battered ass. My fingers dig into pale flesh, and my poor ring is glossy and puffy and rosy red, gaping wide, the deep internal pinkness of my rectum dark, bubbling with a pool of pearlescent cum, sheening as it glazes my rippling sphincter. I bite my lip, pressing hard against my clit. "Fuck..."
I scroll through all the other photos we've sent our biology teacher, ever since finding his number on a list in the teacher's staffroom. A close up of my face, eyes sultry, tongue out, covered in a gloss of cum. My tits in a similar state, Harry's cock wedged between them. A close up of Harry's cock embedded in my ass, my pink ring gripping him tight. One of my spread vulva, fingers pinning my silky lips apart, revealing my vibrant pink intimacy.
Harry nestles against me, sliding a hand over my belly and enclosing one of my breasts. He begins rubbing my firm nipple gently, tracing his fingertip in a circle around my glossy areola, following the gentle bumps, then leans over and sucks it into his mouth, tongue swirling. I smile, and slip my fingers into my slit, holding the phone in one hand, and saw my fingers gently in and out of my wet folds as I look at the photos.
He doesn't reply, he hasn't to any of them. Culpable deniability, I guess.
"Guess he's playing hard to get again," I say.
He shrugs, chewing on my nipple, working the tender nub between his teeth. "He shtill omes awound."
"Until he doesn't, then what?"
He slips my nipple from his mouth, erect and glistening almond-pink, and flashes me a smile. "Hmm, good point. I guess we'll have to figure out what teacher we're going after next then."
I snort, dropping the phone and brushing my fingers through his hair, still plugging my cunt with the others. "Oh, is that our thing now?"
"Well, the first one worked out pretty well for us."
I pause, knowing he's joking, but consider it anyway. "Do you think any of them would?"
"I mean, I didn't think Mr Davis would, so..."
We'd learnt his first name was Jordan, but had both taken an unspoken cue to continue calling him Mr Davis. It just felt...naughtier.
"Mr Reeves?" I suggest, thinking of my gym teacher, of the way his eyes roam the girls. "He's an absolute perv, I can't imagine he'd turn me down. Although I'm not sure I'd want to fuck him."
"I thought you said you liked it when he checked you out?"
"I like it when anyone checks me out, when they're clearly trying to picture me naked, doesn't mean I necessarily want to ride their dick, Harry."
He shrugs, lip quirked in a sly smile. "Eh, I'd give him a go."
"Of course you would, slut."
He pinches my nipple, and I yelp softly, swatting at his head. He smirks at me, and returns to gently rubbing. "What about Mr Jackson," he suggests, flicking me with his tongue, "he's pretty hot, and he's gotta only be like twenty eight or something."
I nod. "Yeah, I mean you're right, he's hot as fuck, but he seems pretty...restrained."
"I like a challenge." He grins, then purses his lips, waving a finger at nothing in particular. "Hey, what about Ms Heather?"
"The librarian?" I picture the mousy, bookish woman, always wearing long skirts, cardigans and her thick brown glasses, a cross hanging about her neck, and snort. "I think she's about the last teacher I'd expect to fuck a student."
"Yeah, maybe, but did you not hear about the porn thing?"
"Wait, what?"
"Yeah, so apparently Kelsey was looking through the library windows after school, through a gap in the blinds, and saw her looking at porn on one of the computers." He leans in, grinning. "Porn of the...lesbian variety. And she was apparently pretty busy with her free hand, if you know what I mean."
"That's...wow, alright. Scandalous. How have I not heard about this?"
He shrugs. "Kelsey's not exactly a gossip, kinda why I assume it's true. She says she changed her top in the library once, when it was just the girls in there, and Miss Heather got all flustered, had to leave the room."
I think about my experiences with the woman, and nod. "Yeah, actually, now you mention it, she does get all blushy and nervous and...I don't know, giddy, around the girls sometimes, especially when we're in gym shorts or out of uniform. I just assumed she was a prude or something, but...you think she's a closeted lesbian? She's married, isn't she? Probably why she has to rub one out at work."
"I guess she's all yours then."
I snort, and he smiles, then frowns. "We've never really talked about that, have we?"
"What?"
"Have you ever...thought about being with a girl?"
"I...might have," I say slyly. I have, not in any great depth, but the thoughts had definitely slipped into my head from time to time. "Have we really not talked about this? I never thought I would actually like it, I thought it was just idle curiosity, you know, like everyone has? But since we've been together, seeing you with Mr Davis, I don't know, maybe I could give it a go."
He's smiling at me. "We'll have to find someone to experiment with. Any of your friends you think might be into it?"
"Sorry, are you fishing for a threesome?"
"Maybe." He smirks at me, raising a brow as he plays with my nipple.
"Wouldn't you rather a guy?"
"Well, yeah, but..."
"But you're a filthy deviant and you'll take what you can get?"
"Yeah, that."
I grin and lie back, sliding one finger in and out of my clinging pussy. I think of my friend group. I honestly don't think I'm close enough to any of them to ever suggest something like that. Kate, maybe, but...
No, Jesus, I'm not fucking Kate, that would be...weird. "I think a friend would be too weird. A good friend at least."
"Oh, right, because weird sex is totally not what's driving our relationship or anything."
I snort and shove him, hugging against his naked body, pressing my soft tits against his firm chest and sliding my thigh over his leg. He glances at me, and we smile, noses brushing. Then he picks up his phone and raises it above us, and says, "Smile."
It's no effort to let the smile consume my face.
He shows me the photo, our faces pressed together, my soft blonde curly mess pressing into his sandy-brown locks. My large tits are just in frame, pink nipples vivid and firm. I feel so warm, so happy, and snuggle into him as he strokes me.
"We should probably get ready for school soon."
"Mmm, or..." I tap his chest with a finger. "I have a better idea."
"Go on."
"Something I've been wanting to try." I roll over, opening my draw, and he strokes my ass as I roll back, holding my vibrator. Deep blue, slightly bulbous at one end, about six inches long.
"Can I fuck you?" I ask, lip pulling back from my teeth in a grin.
"You've put that in my ass before."
"Yeah, but...I want to like...fuck you with it. Like...properly."
A slow grin consumes his face. "Oh, hell yeah."
We look into each other's eyes for a moment, and then I toss the vibrator on the bed and climb between his legs. I grasp his cock, resting about half rigid, and slide my tongue wetly up his quivering shaft, then take him into my mouth. He groans, brushing my hair. He carries that familiar taste, that deep, tangy hint of me that shouldn't turn me on as much as it does.
I'm getting addicted to the taste of my ass. I know its disgusting, but I've been keeping it squeaky clean. I slurp and suck, fondling his balls with my fingers, and soon bring him back to full hardness, and hold him, throbbing in my suctioning mouth. I move down to his balls, planting wet smooches down his shaft, pushing saliva from my mouth as I slobber over his sack. I push his legs back, and he bring them up to his chest. I swivel my tongue beneath his loose sack, down to his tight hole, and plant my lips against it. He gasps, and I suck on his rubbery anus as he moans and quivers. I swirl my tongue in sloppy spirals around the little ridges, wetly tonguing his ring and feeling it loosen beneath my assault, as I jerk his spit-sloppy cock.
I love the way he reacts to this, his little gasps and moans.
"Fuck, Audrey..."
"Yes?"
"Enough teasing..."
"Oh, I'm sorry," I press my thumb against his hole, and push gently until I slip inside and he groans, "I didn't realise you had places to be."
"I mean...school? Oh..."
I grin as I push my thumb in past the first knuckle, feeling him grip me, and then slide it free. I climb to my knees before him, and reach for the vibrator. I slide my tongue out, and run it over the toy, sucking on the end to coat it in my saliva. Then I pick up the tube of lube and squirt a glob below his balls, and watch it run down into his puckered star. I shuffle closer, and press the flat end of the toy against my mound, wedging it against the top of my slit. I hold it in place with one hand, and grab his thigh with the other, and slowly move between his legs.
He breathes slowly, grinning up at me as I press the head of the vibrator against his tight hole, and lean over him, my hair falling to either side of my head, strands brushing his chest. The gentle pressure grinds the toy against my clit, and my breath quickens.
"You ready?"
He nods, eyes swimming with desire. "Fuck me, babe."
I push my weight against him, rolling my hips forward in a gentle thrust, and his ring slips around the bulbous rubber head and swallows it greedily. He groans as I sink into him, and I gasp as the force pushes against my clit, and I drop my hand to his chest. I hover there, shaking slightly, as his clenching ring holds me in place. Our eyes meet, and I tighten my hand into a claw against his chest.
"You want more?"
"I want it all..."
I grin, gripping the rubber shaft tight, and draw it slightly back as he relaxes his clenching ring, and then thrust my hips forwards, driving the toy deep into his ass. He throws back his head and gasps a ragged cry as I bury my fake cock inside him, and have to slide my fingers back as they meet his quivering ring. He shudders, knees trembling, groaning as I grip his chest. I shudder a breath, and move my thumb, clicking the vibrator on. It drones, and Harry groans, trembling. I gasp, feeling it vibrate my clit. I rock against him, hand clutching his chest, grinding against the nub emerging from his tight ring. I let my eyes close, and moan softly as I sway between his legs, gyrating my hips against him.
"I thought you were supposed to be fucking me?"
"Right, sorry."
I push myself up, and grip my rubber cock, holding it tight. I draw it back, and then begin fucking him, holding my vibrator firmly in place, and drive it into his hole. I thrust hard, gasping as each stroke drives it against my clit, my tits swaying. I grasp his cock for support, jerking slowly, and then furiously. I throw myself at him, driving him roughly against the sheets, and he gasps and throws himself back, moaning with his eyes closed.
The look on his face each time I enter him is incredible, and I bite my lip, grinning, fucking him until my thighs ache with the effort. I'm not exactly used to this, I'll have to work on that. I collapse on him, my thighs trembling, burying the vibrator inside his clenching passage. I grit my teeth and hiss a moan as it wedges against my clit, and Harry groans raggedly as it massages his prostate.
"F...fuck Audrey..."
I jerk his cock as fast as my tired wrist can manage, wedged between our stomachs, his glans nudged between my tits. I feel him twitch and buck into my hand, his rigid meat throbbing, and then he cries out as he climaxes, and I feel his warm cum splash against my tits as I press them to his chest. He breathes hard, groaning softly, and I hold him tight, grinning down at him as his face contorts, his thick seed still pumping between my breasts.
"Fuck..." he groans, arms flopping to his sides.
I kiss him, deeply, then slide downwards, smearing his cum over my nipples, and trailing the sticky mess over his stomach. I switch off the vibrator, and take his pulsing cock into my mouth. I suck him clean, tongue swirling as I devour the glaze of cum. I suck gently until I feel him begin to soften, and let him plop free. I gently slide the vibrator from his ass, and he groans as it slips free. I climb atop him, smearing my tits against his sticky chest, pressing my hard, cum-glazed nipples against his firm chest. I gaze down at him, and he smiles dazedly up me. I lean down and kiss him again, and he moans softly into my mouth.
"You're incredible..." he breathes.
"I know." I kiss him again, and slide my fingers into his loosened hole, fingering his velvety passage.
"Mmm. Don't you think...oh...fuck, babe, we should really get ready."
"Yeah?" I slide my fingers free, and straddle him, pressing my wet slit against his softening shaft, pinning it to his pelvis. I tweak my sticky nipples, rubbing his seed into the sensitive flesh, and gyrate gently against his cock. "Or you could get hard again and make me cum?"
"Ugh, you're insatiable," he murmurs. "We really need to go, though. Maybe Mr Davis will be feeling open-minded today."
"Ugh, he better." I trail my finger through the sticky mess coating Harry's chest, then slip the digit into my mouth and pop it free with a wet smack. "Another shower then?"
"Yeah, sounds great."
I start it running, and he joins me beneath the steaming water. I pull him to me, pressing his firm body to my soft, wet curves. We kiss, hands roaming our wet bodies, which of course only leads to Harry soaping me up, his nimble hands exploring my slippery skin, his cock hardening against me once more. That, obviously, only leads to him pushing me against the cold glass, mashing my tits against them, his hand rough in my hair, and slides back into my ass. He fucks me, pounding me against the shower, my cheek pressed against the glass as I moan, the warm water blasting my head. He slaps relentlessly into me, until he groans and buries himself in my snug sheath, managing to drain his spent balls even further.
We stay here, embracing beneath the steaming water, until we eventually clean ourselves again and climb out. We dress, pulling on my green plaid skirt and white blouse, a black lacy bra, and nothing else, and then head downstairs.
My mother's in the kitchen, chopping something, while my little sister, Cindi, sits at the dining table, school books and a bowl of cereal laid out before her. She's a little braniac, and I have no doubt that when she's older, she won't have to resort to fucking her teachers to get passing grades.
"Morning, you two," my mother says, glancing over her shoulder, "sleeping in?"
"Yeah, we just woke up," Harry says with a smile.
"Morning, Harry," my sister says, smiling at him.
"Morning, Cindi."
I spread my arms. "No good morning for me, pipsqueak?"
She scrunches up her face and shoots me a look, and I mock her gesture, then grab two apples from the bowl on the counter.
My mother eyes me disapprovingly. "Is that all you're having?"
"Yeah, we're already late."
She tuts and turns to Harry. "Are you sure?"
"Yeah, thanks, Carol, we need to get going."
"Well, alright." She washes her hands, then glances at Harry, and pulls me aside. "So...you slept in the different beds, right, like we discussed?"
"Jeez, yes!"
She throws her hands up. "Okay, okay, well, sorry. You two have a good day at school."
She leaves, and I smirk at Harry.
"I know why she wants you to sleep in different beds," Cindi says, raising a spoonful of cereal to her mouth.
"Oh yeah, why's that?"
"Because she doesn't want you to have sex."
Harry coughs, and I grin slyly and walk to him. "You don't have to worry, sis, we would never do something like that." I grab him, and kiss him deeply.
"Eww!" my sister groans. "Go do that somewhere else!"
I laugh, and Harry grins. I take his hand. "Come on. Seeya, pisqueak."
We grab our bags and head out the front, and when we get to the curb I grab him and pull him against me. I mash my lips against his, driving my tongue into his mouth, and we french passionately. His hands slide to my thighs, then up beneath my skirt to squeeze the soft globes of my bare ass.
"You know," he says, breaking the kiss but keeping his nose against mine as I breathe hard. "This skirt's really not that long. Someone's gonna notice."
I shrug, and give his cock a quick squeeze through his shorts, then peck his lips and pull free. "Maybe. What are they gonna do? Maybe I'll give them a better look."
I pull the front up, exposing my neat bush for a moment before letting it drop. He glances around, scanning my neighbour's houses. "Jesus, Audrey."
A little flutter of excitement ripples through me. I look up and down the street. Aside from a man mowing his lawn at the far end, I see no one. My lip quirks in a sly smile. "Finger me," I breathe.
"What? Now?"
I grab his hand and pull it beneath my skirt. "Right here."
His fingers hesitate, brushing my soft curls, then he sighs and relents, driving his fingers into my wet sex. I gasp, breathing out a satisfied sigh, trembling as he rubs my slippery channel. He delves inside, pushing his finger into my tight vagina, and with his thumb begins grinding gently against the buried nub of my clit.
"That's it..." I murmur, putting my hand on his chest. "Oh fuck..."
He shakes his head, grinning slightly, and glances around again. "What if someone sees us?" He looks at my house. "What if your mum's watching?"
"W...what if she is?" I murmur, pressing my head to his shoulder and biting my lip. Oh, God, this is exciting, I think I actually want somebody to be watching. The arousal burns bright within my sex, guided by Harry's deft fingers as he rubs my clit into my mound. "What...oh, fuck...what if my neighbour's up there? Jerking off while he watches us?"
"Fuck, Audrey..."
He rubs more fervently, fingers gliding over my slippery slit, nudging my throbbing clit with each pass. I can feel the feathery strands of an orgasm entangling me, and I moan breathlessly into Harry's shoulder, rocking against his hand. "Oh, God...come on, I'm close...I'm so close..."
"Shit," he mutters, just as the grind of gears snaps me out of my lust-addled trance. I glance over my shoulder, and see the school bus chugging down the far end of the street. I regret rather suddenly that neither of us has our license yet. Harry moves to pull his fingers free, but I snatch his wrist, gripping it and grinding my crotch against him. "Wait...I'm nearly..."
"Audrey..."
I close my eyes, grinding frantically, trying to usher that delightful, tantalizing swell of ecstasy just a little closer. I can hear the bus getting closer, and bite my lip, dragging his palm against my clit. "Just a little more..."
He slips his fingers from my wet slit, and pulls his arm from my grip, letting my skirt fall down once more. I groan softly, pouting up at him. He flashes me a sympathetic smile. "Sorry."
I put on a mock scowl, as he wipes his fingers on his shorts, and the bus passes us and pulls to a stop ahead. I push out a sigh. "You owe me an orgasm. Or...well, somebody does."
"Yeah, well, you've made me hard again."
I glance at the slight bulge in his shorts. "And you say I'm insatiable?"
He starts walking backwards, and glances a the bus, a smirk creeping onto his face, as he extends his hand. "Maybe we could take care of it on the bus?"
I pause, a little surge of excitement flickering through me at the thought, and as a sly grin slips over my mouth, I take his hand. "You're on."