"Hey Jimmy."
"Monica? Ummm uhhhh Hi." Nerves made the beefy young Jimmy Newton lower his .35 mm camera from snapping shots of the Varsity Squad doing lay ups on the basketball court. In his crouched position his lens was filled with tight denim shorts. Monica Gift's crotch dead center of his shot. Camel toe and all. Lucky Jim. He failed to lower the cam too far. He might never get this close again. A sneaky snapshot for posterity made him squirm in his stance.
"Taking pictures for the yearbook?"
"Y-yeah. You're--in my way."
"Oops! Sowwy!" She steps aside then watches him rise and glare at her with amazement. He was definitely a shy one, "I was just wondering...are you going to take pictures of the student body?"
"Body? Your--body?"
Monica giggles and tilts her chin playfully, "I am a student." She in turn beguiles him with a smile, "I could help you get some really good pictures."
"Of what?" He stands slowly almost losing his balance.
"And who. How would you like to take sexy pictures of me and some of the other girls? Sneaky pictures that we can get into the yearbook."
"What do you mean?"
She moves closer to him curling her right arm around his to snuggle up close. He felt faint.
"We can put our heads together and come up with ideas. I'll do anything you want. I bet I can even persuade the cheerleaders to offer the same."
"A-anything? Like what?"
"You know what I'm like Jimmy. You've seen me naked in Morrison's classroom. You can take pictures of me naked anytime you want to but what I really want is to be sly and shoot photos of people getting away with murder. Like for instance me naked in a huddle of guys. You can see me but not totally. Just enough skin to get past the censors. So to speak."
"Wow!"
"I know right? They don't even have to be nudes. I think it would be creative to do things that anyone seeing the yearbook photos would believe was innocent. Not really though. It's what we sneak past and know what we achieved that will make school history. Do you want to help me make History Jimmy?"
"I...I don't know. Sounds risky this late in the school year. I don't want to get expelled."
"Have I been expelled for what I've gotten away with?"
"No, but you're a girl. A really hot...in here isn't it?" He shies tugging at his t-shirt collar. He was too afraid to say what his thoughts truly were. Monica Gift knew what those thoughts were without his admitting them. His timid gaze tried to mask his lust but he was failing miserably.
"It is isn't it?" She runs her hands beneath the front of her own tank top and uses their roaming nature to lift the hemline up over her tight little belly. Reaching to new heights right before his eyes she palms her tits, her very braless tits. Pinching her nipples as he stammers she raises her right hand up through the sinking neckline and waves at him. Poising her hand as if to shake his offered a serious amount of extra melon for him to drool over.
"Do we have a deal?"
Hesitantly he accepts her hand gripping it tightly. Shaking really hard made her boobies jiggle. She grinned like the Devil in heat and continued pinching her other nipple with her free hand. His eyelids quivered at how close his hands were to her tits. Suddenly, Jimmy had a thought.
"What do I get in return? I'm the one taking the real risks trying to get the pictures into the yearbook. I need something worth my efforts."
"What do you want in return?" She knew it would be sex with her. Every guys dream right?
"Fifteen minutes naked with every girl I take pictures of. Me and them naked."
"Oooo! You make a hard bargain Mister Newton. Looking to lose something?"
"Like my life if their boyfriends find out." He sweats even harder using his wrist to wipe his brow.
"Here let me help." She removes both of her hands while breaking their handshake. In a bold move she reaches up to his neckline and drags him down until his forehead presses into her cleavage, her tanks cotton material absorbing his sweat. While embedded there her breasts crush around his cheeks. He was in Heaven. Once released he admires his sweat ring along her pink tank top. Tiny bead droplets on her chest formation. So close he thought.
"T...thanks. I still want my deal."
"I thought you meant lose your virginity." She giggles playfully.
"With the girl of my choice during the fifteen minutes alone."
"If you help me over the next few weeks I'll get all of those girls in one bed with you at the same time."
"No way." He drops his jaw.
"Way. All of them naked and kissing on you."
"WoooooW!"
"Can you envision that Jimmy?"
"Even the cheerleaders?"
"Even the cheerleaders."
His crotch tents up dramatically as he stares at Monica for any game she might be playing with him. This could be some cruel joke led by the varsity squad. They were in the background watching even as they practiced.
"Prove this isn't some mean mind game." He fidgets.
"I can do that." She offers a beguiling smile just before turning on her heel to face the squad. Seeing her they waver even further. Even the Coach on the sidelines across the gymnasium knew mischief was on its way. Abandoning the court Coach Randell headed to the restroom. Smart man. In her departure she leers back adding, "Get your camera ready." Jimmy swallowed and did as he was instructed.
Approaching the varsity she takes a moment to explain her idea to them. They were all for her inspirational idea. Everyone wanted to take part. Surrounding Monica, she faces Jimmy waving over the heads of those players short enough to accommodate her own height. Only two of them fit that requirement. Stripping her tank top off she hurls it over their heads toward Jimmy. Seconds later she steps out of her shorts and tosses them to join the tank on the gym floor. Jimmy Newton knew that he was going to have to jerk off after this.
Observing Monica holding the basketball over her head, Jimmy notes two boys hiding low. They were both sucking her nipples. Hearing her squeal was his cue. Snapping shots of them as they touched her all over, trying not to appear obvious, was just plain magical. Passing the ball to a player, she utilizes both hands by slipping them beneath the trunks of two players, gripping their cocks. Another player had his back to Monica hiding her entirely, save for her arms. They could be seen but only barely. Shot taken. Score!
Having had enough for the moment, knowing that she had made her point, her gathered forces part, letting Jimmy see Monica's full frontal nudity as she waltzed from her concealment, straight toward Jimmy. Picking up her shorts from the floor she puts them on, wiggling her ass at the squad behind her to howls of delight. Resistance to put her tank on she merely carries it with her on her return to Jimmy's side. Reaching him she lifts her right hand up to dab his brow a second time.
Hearing the squad yell out, "YOU GO, JIMMY NEUTRON." made him sweat even harder. The fact that he was an overweight geek in thick rimmed glasses gave him the appearance of a big brain type. Far from it.
"Don't listen to them Jimmy. Listen to me. We can get away with this. Help me?"
He drools over her pointy nipples and sighs heavily. His bargaining wasn't over. "You can guarantee my first deal? All the girls I take pictures of get naked with me? Kiss me all over? Even my..."
"This?" She reaches over to fondle his lifted crotch. "Yes. Even this."
"Swear to me?"
"I swear to you. Just like this." Monica kneels and leans in to kiss his concealed dick. Behind her the squad laughs, but also expels "Lucky bastard." His embarrassment mounted even as Monica hops up, her tits dancing about. Extending her handshake again she brightens up, "DEAL?"
"I need a promise I won't get beat up by their boyfriends."
"I'll deal with them. If I can, I'll figure out ways to get you even more fun outside of the girls. I have your back Jimmy. You have my word."
"DEAL." His hand extends to shake hers. Once done she takes his hand and palms her left breast curling his fingers around it. He could still feel a dampness of another man's mouth around it. He overlooked that. He was touching the luscious Monica Gift. So awesome.
"We start tomorrow." She puts her shirt on, stopping only at Jimmy's lingering grasp. Giggling up at him she sticks her tongue out, "I might need my booby back."
"Sorry. In the moment. Wow!"
"Give me your cell number, I'll text you ideas later. I might even send you a naked selfie of me for inspiration."
"Can you write my name on your tits with a heart?"
"Just for you. We make a good team Jimmy."
"I hope so." He offers her a cell number which she taps into her own cell from the bleachers where her bookbag rested. Once entered she bounces in step excitedly.
"This is going to be so much fun." Pausing with a finger she hops up on to the first bench of the bleacher to stand taller. Motioning Jimmy to turn around and back into her she leans over his shoulder. Her tits pressed into his back she rests her chin on his shoulder, cheek to cheek. Poising her cell she says, "SAY FUCK ME."
"F...fuck me." His smile was insanely hopeful.
With a peck to his cheek she shares her picture. Sending it to him, he would place it on his cells wallpaper. Pride sank in.
"Off for home. Talk to you tonight James." She snorts and plays with her voice for a British accent, "HOME JAMES. TA TA!" She walks backwards holding her tits in her palms, "Get it? TATAS? I kill myself."
Monica was the life of any party. Once things sank in Jimmy Newton just knew he had sold his soul. It might have just been worth it. Ah, Hell! Why not?
Later that night Monica filled Jimmy in with ideas after she had secretly talked to her Braless Brigade. Some were in at Yearbook hijinks, others hesitant at the thoughts of having to be with, or even see Jimmy Newton naked. Nobody said no, but some hadn't yet committed. Namely the cheerleaders and friend Thea. Thea was still getting over Monica's charade at her Father's church service. She wasn't truly mad at Monica, just worried of the events outcome. Too many of her Father's congregation now knew of Monica's reputation. Once her parents heard of it there was no way Thea would be allowed to associate with her buddy. She would deal with that when the bitching began.
Keeping her promise of the naked selfie she did indeed write Jimmy on her tits with lipstick, including at heart. Too some degree Monica meant it. She did love everyone. Jimmy Newton was part of that large number. She even called Jimmy to wish him goodnight as she masturbated. Such a good friend she was. Of course he jerked off without her hearing until his deafening snarl. She laughed at his dramatic exit the second he hung up on her, embarrassed by his revelation. A simple text afterward Monica said, "See you in the morning Loudmouth." Her words ended with a kissing emoji. It made him realize she was beyond cool. Both of them slept soundly.
The next day right after first period they met up in the gym again, this time during class. Coach Randall had the half court this hour, normally sharing every other hour with the girls Coach, today he an Marion Murray joined forces. Randall having had sex with Monica before would keep his mouth shut, and secretly assist her as much as possible...from a distance. For the most part he would turn the other cheek. Coach Marion Murray knew much of Monica as well, having witnessed her naked and playing with her friend Lisa at a classic car show. Marion still wanted the girl herself. Very soon she was going to approach Monica for just such a possibility. She owed her for her silence.
Out on the floor, Randall had his boys running laps back and forth from left to right. He was more focused on the athletes due to an upcoming Basketball game with their local rivals the Bucks. Randall needed to keep his players limber and in shape. Of course the less athletic students suffered exhaustion.
Noticing her friend Cheyenne's man Darius amongst the group, she found her pick of the litter. Walking around the court Monica approached Coach Randall and whispered her need for Darius. Rolling his eyes he whistles and motions the star player to their side. From there Randall put his hands up, "I don't need to know anything further. I'll be in my office." Seeing him leave Coach Marion Murray grimaces and follows him downstairs. Monica Gift had the group all to herself. Let the games begin.
On the sidelines Jimmy Newton stood ready with his camera loaded. Awaiting his call to action he trembled. Two of his biggest fantasies were practicing cheer kicks on the girls side. Becca Wright and Violet Rainier were drop dead gorgeous and on every red blooded American high school students list of hopeful bed buddies, male or female.
Seeing Coach Murray leave even they raced to join Monica at center court. Once surrounded Monica unleashes her schemes upon those already in the know and those still uninformed. It was a mixed bag of enthusiasm. Most jumping at the chance to get in the yearbook by being sneaky. Others shy, but willing to keep watch for those taking part. The careful coordination sent everyone to various locations.
"Let's get going here guys. Times a wasting." Monica claps and motions the group willing to head over to the bleachers for a group picture. Seating arrangements optional. The guys who were closest to many of the girls huddled near one another. Those without partners became fillers.
"Becca I need..." Monica gets cut off by a voice to her left racing to Becca's side.
"Hey Angel." Becca embraced her cousin, a busty blond with a ponytail. Monica taking them in trying to size up the blond.
Angel seemed giddy at inviting herself. "I want in."
"Ummm! In on what?" Becca played coy. She wasn't sure of her cousin knowing what she had done in the past. They weren't all that close. Her family learning how bad she had been the last few weeks kept her edgy.
Forgoing reluctance Monica fills her in, "Yearbook mischief. I had a brainstorm a few days ago to put together a yearbook that nobody will ever forget."
"Or, live down." Violet chuckles nervously.
"As long as you can keep an open mind, the more the merrier. Hop on up there freckles. Live a little."
"We getting nakie?" Angel blurts out. Becca shivered at her cousin's eagerness. She had never known Angel to be so verbally open before today. Still it haunted her the repercussions.
"I like this girl. Where have you been hiding?" Monica smirks.
"In the background. We don't have any classes together. Besties after this I hope." Before taking her leave she whispers "I've heard all about you. Loved it when you left your panties on the Principal's windshield." That brought on a respected pucker that even Becca couldn't deny.
As Angel left their side Monica explained to Becca and Violet her intentions. Becca didn't bother trying to make Monica understand her hesitance. Their eyes bulged at what Monica wanted from them. Finally, the two cheerleaders caved in and took their spots higher up. Becca would just pray that Angel was cool. If Angel included herself in their erotic goof balling she might not worry as much. Time would tell.
Violet looks over at Jimmy who nervously waves at her. Halting, she steps back to Monica. "What's with Jimmy Neutron over there?"
"Be nice. I asked Jimmy to help us, beings he's the yearbook photographer. He's going to help get our risqué pictures printed."
"Creepy."
"Get used to him. He's going to be our best friend, until we get enough photos to make the book sizzle. It won't hurt you to tease and flirt a bit with Jimmy."
"Tease and flirt with him? Ewww! Why can't we get a cute boy to do this? The Hunchback of Notre Dame gives me the heebie jeebies."
"Like I said be nice. He's our ticket to get our pics in the yearbook layout. I've already talked to Jasmine Fletcher about it. She's the page coordinator. THIS WILL HAPPEN." She insists with flaring eyes, "We can talk more about Jimmy later. We're running out of time. Get up there Red." Monica swats Violet on the rear making her yelp. Pom Poms went into a non verbal cheer.
Becca taking her seat pondered on if she should even do this. Recently she had let herself like a boy that she never expected to like, her standards usually higher. Now that she had let her guard down, it worried her that he might not like her anymore. Of course he had watched her play naked in the boys locker room. He hadn't even talked about that day since. Maybe he was alright with her being touched by other men. Hmmm?
Whistling loudly the crowd above quiets down for direction. "Tal, dark, and all Nike? Get in there." She points at Darius who laughs at her humor. "Get ready for your GQ pictorial." Monica then marches up behind him to seat him between Becca and Violet. Her attention turns to the cheerleaders prompting them to lean in on his muscular legs from both sides. In his gym shorts his hairy legs were reeling in the eyes from the girls below.
Looking up at Angel, Monica motions her a bench lower to sit behind Darius. "Put your chin on his shoulder. Violet? Becca? It's time to play Hide behind the bushes."
"I like bushwhacker better." Angel giggles looking at Darius through a mischievous glare. He got really hard suddenly. He had known Angel awhile, but she had never once flirted with him. Nice! The ditzy blond was charming as she chewed her bubblegum. Becca couldn't believe her cousin was being so open suddenly. Was this her breakout moment or had she never really known her all along? Either way Darius couldn't stop laughing.
Monica stood expressionless as she got the attention of Darius. "Whip it out Bushwhacker. You're about to get whacked."
"Say what?" He lost his grin before leering left and right to see an equally shocked pair of cheerleaders. Seeing their curiosity he puckers and raises his hips. Down over his jock strap the trunks lower. With a stress relieving sigh his jock strap is yanked down to his trunks. A mighty cock bursts free and bobs for all to see.
"THAT'S OUR BOY." Monica praises his boldness fanning herself looking at it. "Mmmm! Bigger than I remember." Both Violet and Becca blush and find their eyes glued to it. Not a single thought of what his girlfriend Cheyenne might think crept over their minds. Angel on his shoulder whispers, "HALO." Grinning Angel moves to his opposite shoulder and growls, "I'd fuck that." He had to laugh as he stroked his cock.
Those students left down on the court mumble and marvel just the same. This stunt was insane. Nobody appeared bitter or ready to run for the Faculty. Most knew of Monica's exploits and were eager to see her in action. Any guy or girl that she brought along for the ride were more than welcomed. Especially studs and super hot cheerleaders. Even the good Christian girls would repent after enjoying the show.
"And, the fans go wild." Angel cheers on his left shoulder. "I'm getting in on this shit." He looks back as Angel sits up straight and lifts her t-shirt and bra. Out pops a healthy pair of 38C's with bright pink nipples. Becca bulged her eyes thinking to herself briefly "Holy crap Angel." Bra unfastened Angel removes it carefully and tosses it over him to his friends below.
"Daaayam! Those are nice." Darius and a few varsity players concluded verbally. She ate it up sticking her tongue out at Becca. While doing so Angel lifts the jersey of Darius in behind and crushes her tits into his back. He was all smiles from that point on.
"Face forward Nike." Monica snaps her fingers trying to accomplish her mission. He obeyed her without hesitation, even with Angel's nipples taunting his spine. She was pure evil. Becca huffed her cheeks losing interest in her cousin.
"What are we doing here?"
"You're up Jimmy Olsen." Monica twists to reel in the Newton boy. Camera ready he zooms in on Darius and the girls as best as he could. She could tell he was shaking like a leaf, so Monica darted back down the bleachers to stand beside Jimmy. Rubbing his back she relaxes him, "It's okay Snapchat. You can do this."
"I know I can." His voice raises to apologize, "SORRY DARIUS."
"All good Neutron. Did you see Angel's fat ole nipples?" Darius shifts away to let Jimmy see her chest. She pouts briefly, just before raising her right breast to her mouth to lick her nipple for Jimmy to see in his camera lens. Once dropped, she swats Darius from behind. Darius quickly returns to her tits on his back. He merely wanted to make Jimmy turn red. It worked.
"Okay, Violet? You and Becca lean into his lap. Use one hand each to stroke his cock, the other hands hold your Pom Poms up to hide your hand jobs." They hesitantly comply as Darius eyes Violet's curling fingers, before looking up with a whispered exhale, "Awwww shit." The girl found it to her liking. Monica chuckled, "Angel? Keep doing what Angels do."
Looking over at Becca, Darius grunts, "You holding out, or holding on?" She immediately caved and coiled her fingers about his beefy crown twisting it just for meanness. He hissed just as she moved her grasp lower over his shaft, there both girls jerked him slowly. Angel on his shoulder whispered, "Mmmm! You go Cuz." Becca found it in her to giggle.
"Zoom in pic Jimmy." Monica instructs. Newton was already snapping pics. The expressions on the faces of all three girls were lustful, but not too revealing as to their mischief. Darius posed with an arrogant but cheesy grin. He was having a blast.
Observing things Monica fidgets, knowing she needed to push the limits of this shoot. Marching back up the bleachers she stands in front of Darius. Leaning down she parts the tassels of the Pom Poms just enough to let his crown peek out within them. "Don't move a muscle. Everyone act natural." Stepping aside she takes a seat and feigns chatting with fellow varsity player Dalton Zuckerman. "PICS JIMMY." Three snaps later Darius chuckles, "Daaaayamm Gift. You want my dick in the yearbook?"
"Voted most likely to give the best head." She puts him down as everyone laughs. He tilts his gaze knowing she was just giving him a hard time. So were three attentive young ladies. Not once did they stop jerking him off or teasing his back. He was liking this.
Hopping up Monica again choreographs the group to include others. "Okay! Next pic. Everyone move up one step." The entire group migrates upward, then settles back in. Violet and Becca resume their fondling of Darius. Pom Poms no longer hiding their taunting. The other girls below were jealous indeed.
Glancing about Monica picks and chooses. "Justin? Cornell? One of you sit beside Becca, the other beside Vi. Look as if you're close to the girls, one hand behind their backs." The two boys follow through, awaiting further orders. While your hands are hidden I want Vi and Becca to sit on your hands. Unitards pulled aside Ladies. Fingers up those holes."
"HOLY SHIT MONICA." Becca expresses her hesitation loudly.
"Just do it."
Justin winces toward Becca with a whispered, "Please don't tell Zoe."
She retaliates with a concurred, "Then, let's not tell Shane."
As the girls stand adjusting their unitards to the side without showing the entire gym their pussies, they hike their skirts back and reluctantly sit on Cornell and Justin's hands. With their fingers digging upward both girls yelp and look uneasy. Both boys apologize, but offer their admiration with, "You feel nice Vi." and, "Wet as hell Becca." She was, even though this was getting out of...and on hand.
"Found it!" Violet brightens up letting out a shrill squeal along with an expression of awe. Cornell's finger was massive. It didn't help that he was exploring for her G-spot. She couldn't contain her whimpers. In waiting on Jimmy to take their picture Cornell dares to add a second finger. Fanning her reddened features she yelps, "Don't you dare add a third. SHIT! SHIT! SHIT!" The entire group busted up at her excitement. Cornell had the biggest grin he had ever offered. In her dilemma Violet stroked Darius even harder, having returned her grip to his beast.
Becca squirmed at Justin's finger inside her cunt, creasing her brow as she wiggles over Justin's probe. Whining she belts out, "TAKE THE DAMN PICTURE."
"Wait! What about me?" Angel grew envious.
"Stay in place." Monica informs her, "I'll switch you up in a few. Pom Poms over Darius girls. Everyone say CHEETOS." In response to the groups recital Jimmy gets his pictures while tassels hide penis, and skirts hide hands. He was a ball of sweat. This was beyond insane.
Once done, fingers were removed from the girls and held up for all too bear witness to their glossy wetness. Violet couldn't stop breathing heavy. Becca couldn't stop stroking Darius. He was a lucky man this day.
Monica determining her next move turns to the audience below. "Who wants in on this?" Hands rally to her cause now that they had embraced her craziness. "I thought so. Dee Dee next to Cornell. Sara beside Justin." Pivoting to explore those on the bleachers she points to others to pair up with girls. This was going to get good. "WHIP 'EM OUT BOYS."
Dee Dee Bishop struts her bod like an African American Goddess up the bleachers to sit next to Cornell. Stopping his hands she winks, "I got this Cornell." She greedily drags his trunks and jock strap lower to obsessively fondle his seven inch pecker. Another happy camper with fond memories of an earlier History between the two. Dee Dee was one fine bitch, tall, slender, lips made for blowjobs. Nodding with a vivid smirk as she strokes him to a vast potential he was ready for anything. Girls all around them cooed until she took their view away.
Leaning over Cornell her upper body hid his monster cock from view. All while her hand encircled his crown. Light twists to it made Cornell nod with mad respect. Meanwhile Justin found similar results as Sara Michaels did the same. All dicks disguised, but being treated to a glorious friction.
"Fingers back in the girls Cornell and Justin. This needs to be a massive concealed orgy." As the boys were greeted with grumbles both Violet and Becca lifted up for another round, fawning over fingers up their pussies. Things were getting messy for the boys. Their fingers drenched in violated juices, while other girls jerked them off. Fun was had by all.
"I repeat, what about me?" Angel waves her hands over her head. Her chest grazing the back of Darius with a bit of separation between contact.
"Calm down Blondie." Monica poised a fist playfully.
"Fuck it." Angel took her shirt completely off to everyone's amazement. Returning to mash her tits against his back she makes her own agenda, "Dennis and Andy get up here."
Two boys, not normally associated with the Jocks raced up the bleachers and plopped next to her. With mischief in her eye she immediately lowered her palms into the crotches of both boys. It was a no brainer that they took the chance of pulling their own dicks out. Even in her compression against Darius, her hands reached to both sides of her, and obtained a cock in each hand. Warm and throbbing, she abused their generosity with mad friction. Darius looking behind him lifted his arms and posed as if a bodybuilder. His biceps blocking the sight of the boys. With so much spread out action Jimmy had to step back. He couldn't believe this was all going down. Monica was impressed.
"Perfect. Get into it guys. Act as if nothing is going on. If that's even possible." She laughs.
A boy named Zac took it upon himself after the picture to march up and sit behind Angel. Following his arrival reaction Angel lays back into his lap. His hands cupping both of her tits. However, in her angle her face was obstructed from view behind Darius. Darius didn't care. He was ready to detonate over the Pom Poms. Violet felt precum moisten her fingers and grinned sheepishly.
Becca eased back a bit more for Justin to offer a second finger. She found herself rocking up and down on his hand. Jimmy took pic after pic. Finally the nerdy boy took it upon himself to start up the bleacher steps for a better shot. Girls had to reposition to hide the dicks in their possession. Jimmy wanted to see Angel better. In a mad move Zac raised his shirt and drug it over Angels head. His shirt was just large enough to conceal two bodies in one shirt. His hands then returning under the shirt to rub her belly. Dennis and Andy masked their cocks in her hands by leaning toward each other. Tedious at best.
Monica darts up the steps to drag Jimmy down by his shirt. He didn't resist. Once back on the floor he snapped more pics of Dee Dee and Cornell. She laid her chin on his waist. Hand covered but enjoying her active fingers. Jimmy took what he could get.
"That's enough. Anyone wanting to participate we're going to move to other areas of the school."
Darius grits his teeth, "Nobody gets up until I'm done. Vi and Bec are tearing me up."
The cheerleaders agreed as they prided themselves on working together. Even being fingered they couldn't give up on Darius. Pom Poms dropped, the girls jointly used both hands now to polish Darius off. Seeing the direct actions without camouflage Dee Dee took it upon herself to crawl into Cornell's lap. Straddling him she reaches beneath her shorts and exposes her snatch. A guided insertion she rode the black buck. Jimmy snapping pics that merely appeared as if they were wrestling.
Violet cums at Cornell's fingers and yelps, her fever brewing to finish off Darius. Behind Darius, Angel sharing Zac's shirt discovers him reaching under her to tug her shorts down. No underwear assisted in he taking her without permission. Angel didn't fight it. Penetration made her whimper as her hands slip from the cocks in her possession. Those boys merely rubbed her legs an inner thighs. Again Jimmy snapped what he could capture, including Becca losing her mind at Justin's digging digits. Flooding his palm she released one hand to reach over and palm Justin's cheek. Her thanks whispered. No regrets even though they would indeed feel guilty later.
Justin winked, then huffed as Sara's violent friction forced a milky froth from his cock. Becca took notice and giggled at his quaking body. Sweat covered everyone involved. Jimmy included. Watching girls fucking made him struggle with his own erection. It spooked him how much he enjoyed watching things unfold. Moans erupted louder by the minute. Darius snarling at Violet first, then toward Becca. His ego leading him into a verbal outburst of, "Faster Bitches."
The cheerleaders dropped their jaws and grinned at each other. Full on fury, both girls destroyed the Jock. In the abuse a wandering Monica managed to reach the Jock diving under Darius at just the perfect time. His cauldron boiled over and spat all across her face. The girls struggling to drain him with groans of losing strength. One final load coated Monica's lips and chin. Before he could grunt a final loss Monica rushed his cock, mouth wide to swallow his beast. Jimmy took a photo from behind. Vi and Becca crouching in to hug Darius. To the eye Monica looked as if she was just sitting in front of them.
"Dayum, Gift."
She winked at Darius, then backed away to show cum on her tongue. Jimmy held off taking that closeup. Instead he admired Dee Dee's well rounded bottom. Her shorts wrinkling up over her chocolate cheeks. Cornell's balls barely visible as she rode him.
His gaze moved up to Angel as Zac laid back on the bleachers and drug her along. Even with her shorts still on it was easy to see Zac's cock moving in and out of her cunt. Pink juicy flesh revealed with each thrust. His hands crushing her tits. It became hard for her to deal with Dennis and Andy, and they gave up caressing her, putting their cocks away to just sit and watch them. The dude was good. So good Angel was moaning like a banshee in heat. No pictures could hide this. This was full on lust.
Jimmy Newton fell in love with Angel. Yep! She was on his HIT LIST. While everyone was busy he took extra pics of Angel sex for himself. She smiled up at him once realization set in. She was a ham for the cam.
After another ten minutes the school bell rang. Those unfinished had to call it quits. Monica managed to pry Jimmy away from Angel's side and drag him from the bleachers. Once on the floor Monica looks up at Jimmy who begins chuckling, "You have jizz on the tip of your nose."
"Oh yeah?" She uses an index finger to gather up the creamy goodness. Looking at it on her fingertip she swiftly catches Jimmy off guard and rubs it on his face. Grimacing he leered at Monica hoping he wouldn't vomit. She laughed at him then hoists herself up on her tiptoes to lick his face of it. He rather enjoyed that part.
"Want not waste not." She snickers clutching his arm. He most certainly didn't want Darius on him. Her tongue? FUCK YES! Jimmy Newton needed to hide in a bathroom stall and take care of business. After agreeing on their next shoot during Art class Jimmy gets a brilliant idea.
"I think you're a work of art Monica."
"Awww!"
"You should try wearing body paint to school."
"WHOA! I knew you were my guy. I know just the person to paint me. I'll give him a call tonight." She dances in her stride beside him. "Let's go get into more trouble. Skipping class is so worth it."
"I need to use the restroom."
"Fine! Go rub one off. I'll grab a diet coke." She uses her hand in a jerking motion while smirking up at him.
"Thanks."
Halting her jerk off scene she eyes her fingers, "That reminds me I need to paint my nails."
Girls surrounding Monica gave her loads of ideas. The remainder of the day would find further subliminal sex acts in every classroom, the lunch room, outdoors, even in front of the Principal's office. Janson would never know. Right?
Right?
Click Click Whirrrrr!
=========================================
COMING SOON : MONICA 47 : COVER GIRL