This is the continuation of my original story, My Naked Adventures, Awakenings. Reading it first will provide the background for Part 2.
~o~
The cat-and-mouse games of our exhibition in class last year came to fruition finally when my fantasies about Jennifer were fulfilled three weeks ago when she fucked me mere feet away from her mother, standing at the entrance of her house. I left in complete shock and pleasure at the same time. Having her juice on my shaft and her lingering smell to remember the event lasted days; this was a service call I would never forget.
Her boldness in displaying herself so close to her mother was incredible. I wondered if she had other hidden secrets yet to be discovered. I was surprised and happy when my scheduler gave me another repair work order at her address. My appointment was arranged for next Friday at 3:00 PM, which I thought was unusually late for a repair call.
I pulled up to her house Friday afternoon, parked, and walked to the front door, fully prepared and expecting to see Jennifer again. I knocked several times with no answer. Finally, I heard the sound of the latch being unlocked. As the knob twisted and the front door opened, a middle-aged woman came into focus.
"Good afternoon, James; I am Jennifer's mom. I am told that you are quite the repairman. Please come in. I have several items that need your attention." Ms. Bradford was beautiful; her near-perfect face required no makeup. Today her hair was pulled back in a ponytail. I quickly realized whom Jennifer inherited her beauty from. The silhouette in front of me was not what I had expected; it was much better. I knew of very few moms that still had waistlines as trim as hers.
As I followed her into the large living room, I wondered what was hidden beneath that tightly fitted skirt. "James, all three of these chairs need tightening, the springs are weak, and the legs wiggle. Do you think you can give them some life again?"
"Yes, mam, I will be right back with my tools. Is Jennifer home today?"
"She will be in later; she had a late afternoon class today. Let yourself back in; I have some fitting to get done in my sewing room." I returned to my work truck to gather my tools. When I returned, Ms. Bradford was in her sewing room. As I began working, I could hear her moving about through the open door. I started work on the first chair, which took much longer than expected. The repair kept my concentration fixed on the task at hand.
"James, I have altered this blouse for a friend. What is your opinion? Is it too tight?" I looked over to find her standing only inches away. The blouse she had on was silky smooth and completely form-fitted. The delicate fabric clung to her trim midsection and appeared glued to her amazing breasts. Her flimsy bra did little to conceal the dark color or hardness of her nipples staring at my face.
"No, mam, it looks nice on you." The sudden stiffness protruding in the front of my shorts was a clear indicator that I wore no underwear. Ms. Bradford smiled as she inspected my rock-hard dick attempting to escape its tether. "Oh, best get back to work, James; sorry to bother you."
The event brought back fond memories of Jennifer and myself in class last year, teasing each other with our exhibitionist behaviors. I returned to my task, but this time was much more conscience of the scenery. This was the first time I had noticed the full-length mirror in her sewing room on the far wall. As I stared intently, Ms. Bradford's reflection suddenly came into focus in the mirror on the back wall. She was removing the tight blouse and, if I am not mistaken, looking straight at me, smiling! Slightly embarrassed, I immediately returned to my repairs.
The next time I looked up, I noticed movement through the sewing room door. Did I see Ms. Bradford topless? Yes, she just walked past the door again in just her skirt! Damn, she has the body of a twenty-year-old. I could not believe my eyes as she stood in front of the mirror inspecting herself, or was she desiring to be seen and admired? She wanted to be watched!
Her eyes were intently observing my reaction behind her in the mirror. She turned and walked away again, passing in front of the door twice. I could not believe it! Her tummy was just as I had suspected, tight and perfect, with no ripple of extra skin. She possessed two of the most perfect breasts I had ever seen. Her beautiful boobs each gently held their place firmly as she moved about. Both of her tiny dark nipples were hard as a rock and turned upward slightly, keeping my stiffness intact.
A short while later, I was again prompted. "James, one of my clients wanted me to make her a Sport Coat Blazer dress. She is rather flirty and requests only one button at the front. What do you think?" She had on a light-colored sport jacket with long sleeves. The jacket's length rested three inches above mid-thigh, displaying her fabulous bare legs and most of her thighs. My focus was immediately taken by the deep plunging front being held by only one button in front of her pubis, displaying most of her chest. Any slight movement or turn gave a full view of her magnificent bare breasts and midsection. "Does it show too much? Does the split in the rear need to be higher?" The jacket flew out as she flung it around, doing little to conceal the mostly naked body under it.
"No, mam. It sure is sexy. If she wants to be noticed, this will work!"
"Ok, then I will call this job completed." The tightness and bulge in the front of my shorts had nowhere to hide. Today I had worn my really short pants, which did nothing to conceal the pulsing head of my dick peaking out beneath the hem. "Well, I will leave you to your work, James."
She smiled at her handy work and flung around again, giving me a quick flash of her white panties and amazing legs. I was in pain. I quickly returned to work, attempting to quell my prostrates agony. How long could I refrain from pumping a quart of cum out!
Dare I look through the door again? I could hear movement and knew she wanted me to observe her, but I kept focused, knowing I was about to explode. Suddenly, her hand tapped me on the shoulder as I was drilling a hole in the chair.
"James, I need your help to fasten my dress."
When I turned to her, she was wearing a short black dress that buttoned in the back from top to bottom. She turned and positioned herself in front of me. As I stood up, she flipped her ponytail to her front shoulder. I immediately noticed her bare back and bare ass! My dick ached as I attempted to fasten the endless buttons. She intentionally pushed her ass rearward as I reached the lower buttons making sure I felt the presence of her soft cheeks. My dick immediately poked beneath my shorts as I squirmed to conceal the pulsing demon.
"Thank you, James; let's see how it looks."
She spun around proudly, knowing the silhouette of her nakedness was completely visible to my eyes. She was beautiful. As she walked about, the giggle of her breasts gave way to her hard nipples attempting to poke through the sheer fabric. She looked at me with a nod of approval as my hand attempted to conceal my hardness; she was enjoying her exhibitionist behavior, and I know I certainly was.
"Ms. Bradford, you have the most amazing beautiful body. The dress looks fabulous on you."
"Thank you, James, that is awful thoughtful of you!"
She immediately walked back into her sewing room to inspect her near-nakedness in front of the mirror. Her hormones were revving quickly as she soaked in her daring exhibitionist behavior.
I was holding my dick down in my shorts, attempting to quell the impending explosion, when she walked past me.
"I will be right back, James."
The anticipation was like torture, wondering what had just happened or, better yet, what could happen. Five minutes later, she returned with a small bag and several towels. "James, come here!" She led me into the kitchen.
Standing beside the large kitchen island, she turned and asked me to unbutton her dress. I started unfastening the numerous buttons until all but three were undone. I ran my hands over her gorgeous ass as the last buttons became separated. It was pure heaven feeling her ass for the first time. She removed the sheer fabric and placed it on a chair back. I was standing inches away from Jennifer's mother, naked! She was so comfortable nude; she attempted to cover nothing! My dick was about to explode.
She looked me in the eye, took my hands, and placed them on her breasts. "James, do you think I have nice breasts?"
"Yes, mam, they are the most wonderful breasts I have ever felt."
"Kiss them gently, James." My life's fantasies were coming to fruition right before me as I obeyed her commands while she whimpered with pleasure.
She looked at me with a wicked grin as she grabbed my shorts and pulled them down.
"I should not be the only one naked here; oh my, you are blessed, James. Take your shirt off."
Ms. Bradford spread out the large towel on the island top carefully. She reached down and took my hard pulsing width in her hand, commanding my attention.
"James, your dick feels so good in my hand. Could you do something for me? I want you to shave my pussy. And don't you dare release your seed until I permit you to do so!"
I had never shaved a pussy before; I was scared as ever. She stepped up on the island top and lay on her back, raising her legs, giving full access to her moist slit. She opened her legs, handing me the razor and shaving lotion. "Put some water in that bowl over there."
Her pubic hair was magnificent; I wondered why she wanted it removed. "James, take your time and be very thorough. I want to be smooth when you finish."
The enormity of the request settled my massive hard trying to focus on the task; I was naked and being requested to shave my friend's mother's pussy! Liquid droplets were oozing out of my swollen head, announcing the impending explosion.
I began by wetting the area and slathering it with the cream. It was terrific sliding my fingers over her private places. Her body responded with subtle jerks and moans as she entered her ecstasy zone. I could not believe how bold she was forcing a stranger to shave her bottom in her kitchen! I could not believe how lucky I was to be the one asked to perform this very intimate detail!
Her bush was extra thick, requiring constant rinsing, which I enjoyed. Slowly her pubis was becoming barer and barer. Each time my hands touched her mound, spasms raced through her, releasing subtle moans from her vocabulary. I continually slid my hands over the smooth mound to ensure no stubble remained. Finally, the only remaining areas were near her lips. She reached down to instruct and help as she stretched each lip out. "Don't miss a single hair, James."
Her soft pink interior was inches away as she assisted. Finally, she rose to inspect my handiwork, rubbing it with pleasure. Ms. Bradford stepped down, grabbed the sheer dress, and walked over to the large mirror, slipping it on to observe.
"James, you did a fine job. I look and feel ten years younger; now I can see my shaved naked pussy!"
She returned to the island's top, discarding the sheer dress, placing a new towel, and taking up position again. "James, come here!" I did as I was instructed, wondering what I had done wrong. She spread her legs as wide as possible, staring into my eyes. "James, I want you to be the first to eat my pussy." She reached her arms back over her shoulders. "Tie my hands to the faucet with the handkerchiefs; I want to be bound up for this." I had never met a woman so bold and daring!
As requested, I gently secured her wrists to the bar faucet. I was shaking; I had never eaten a pussy before. Her body was twitching in anticipation of the event. "James, take the body oil and spread it generously everywhere. I want to feel your fingers inside me!" I squirted the oil and started massaging her slowly. "James, put your finger on my clit and rub it! Oh, yes, that feels good. More, harder, harder; yes, right there, Oh, James!" She arched up in response seeking more and more manipulation. Several of my fingers slid past her opening as her body jerked in a massive spasm sending a foreign language roaring out of her. Unexpectedly, an enormous amount of warm liquid rushed out. My dick was in severe agony, waiting to be relieved.
With a quivering voice, Ms. Bradford looked over at me, "stick your tongue in my pussy and suck as hard as you can!" I reached down, parted her pink interior, and buried my face in her bottom, pushing and twitching my tongue deep inside her juicy opening as her entire body tensed up and gyrated uncontrollably. Then in one massive breath, I attempted to suck the life out of her, gnawing on her swollen clit. Moans of undetectable jargon escaped her as her back arched up and rose six inches off the bar. Her body joined me in unison as I continually depleted every breath I could muster. Her body did things I had never seen before as I repeatedly molested her interior with my tongue.
This feverous activity was suddenly interrupted by a soft touch on my shoulder. As I withdrew my mouth from Ms. Bradford's swollen pussy she cried out, "James, please don't leave me like this, fuck my pussy!"
I became dazed as I was flung onto my back on the floor. Suddenly I felt a hand around my dick as Jennifer guided me into her moist opening, staring straight at her mother-spread eagle on the bar top.
"Mother, we agreed to share him!"
The sensation of Jennifer fucking me in front of her mother tied up on the cabinet forced me to explode as never before, instantly filling her cavity. Realizing this, Jennifer tightened her pussy's grip on my dick, bouncing up and down violently, shaking with intense fury and screaming with pleasure as her orgasm rushed throughout her body, seeping all over me.
After ten minutes or so, I woke up lying on the floor to find Jennifer and her mother sitting in the chairs I had repaired, both still naked and very happy.
"Well, I think I should go now that everything is done." As I gathered my tools, Ms. Bradford grabbed my shorts and shirt.
"Jennifer and I will walk you out." As we walked down the entry hall, I became mesmerized by watching two of the best asses I had ever seen in front of me.
I could not stand it, so I reached out and grabbed a handful of each as they both looked back and smiled with complete approval.
"These are the finest asses I have ever felt!"
"Thank you, James." As we reached the front door, Ms. Bradford handed me my clothes as both turned and faced me, happily displaying themselves for my inspection once again.
Jennifer took my hand, "James, I want you to shave my pussy. Can you come back tomorrow?"
"Yes, please, James, come back tomorrow; we have unfinished business that requires your attention! I can't wait to feel you inside me. Is 11:00 AM too early?"