The scandal that had been brewing for nearly a year on the tropical moon broke on a sunny morning after a string of rainy days. The four survivors of the HMS Intrepid had no way of knowing that the arrival of their rescuers would eventually shatter Victorian society itself. But they had been setting the groundwork ever since they landed, and we still cannot tell where the ripples of their choices will end.
---
The seeds of the scandal had begun to grow almost as soon as the four survivors had crawled out of their escape pod. The heat and humidity of the tropical moon quickly led them to cast aside their clothing, along with their sense of propriety. Miss Anabella Locke, who as the daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Epsilon Pegasi should have set a proper example, instead joined her former servants in parading around nude.
Had matters remained in that state, it would have been a minor embarrassment. But with minimal supplies, the four survivors had little choice but to share a bed at night. Under such temptation, they had first begun to pleasure themselves, then progressed to touching one another.
Anabella had held out some hope, at first, of saving her friends from social ruin. If they were not with child when rescue arrived, then Victorian society could forgive some improper behavior. But the love they had all grown to feel for one another could not be so easily held back. First Ciara and then Shanti had asked Roger to give them his seed, and now both of their bellies were swelling further each day.
Anabella watched their impending motherhood with an uneasy mixture of emotions. The last desperate vestiges of her Victorian sensibilities insisted that she ought to be ashamed of them for their condition and of herself for encouraging them. A quiet but relentless voice wondered what it would feel like if she, too, had a child growing inside her. But above it all she felt happiness, for her friends' joy and for the bountiful life they were leading, tinged with the fear that it wouldn't last.
---
There was little warning, when the rescue craft arrived. Anabella and Shanti were fishing near the reef when Anabella saw something gleaming in the sky far above.
"Is that a vessel in orbit?" she asked, shading her eyes and pointing.
Shanti looked up from her net. She caught sight of the object and took a deep breath.
"It is, miss," Shanti said. "If they are this close, no doubt they'll be descending soon."
Anabella took Shanti's hand and squeezed fiercely. "We'd best get back and warn the others."
---
"I don't think my uniform dress will fit," Ciara said.
"Most of it, no," Anabella admitted, glancing at Ciara's belly. "I suppose you could wear your old undergarments."
"I turned them into bedding when the mattress got thin," Shanti said.
"I think I have your dress, though," Roger volunteered. He pulled it out of their small chest, and Anabella frowned at it; she'd cut strips of fabric from the bottom and the sleeves until it was scandalously short by Victorian standards. It was less scandalous than nudity, perhaps, but the prospect of throwing on half of a ragged dress seemed less dignified than facing their rescuers as she was.
"Thank you for keeping it, but I'm better off like this," Anabella said. "I'd only sweat through whatever I wore, anyway." She took a deep breath, smelling as if for the first time the salt air and the wild scents of the island behind them. "Let me speak to them first. Whatever my nobility can do for you, it will."
She worried that even her nobility had its limits. Her political and social sway was allegedly derived from her impeccable breeding, after all, and the only breeding she'd had contact with on the tropical moon was of a sort that Victorian society would find shocking. Still, although she expected it to be painful, she would give up whatever she could to help her friends.
The first indication that their rescue was out of the ordinary was the landing craft. Unlike the pods and shuttles from the HMS Intrepid, which had been well-maintained but well-used, the descending shuttle was immaculately plated in gold filigree. Even Annabella's parents, who had purchased her a luxury berth on the HMS Intrepid as a last-minute summer gift idea, only used a few golden accents on their personal shuttle. Whoever was coming to their rescue must be phenomenally wealthy.
"That is posher than I expected," Ciara noted.
"It is," Anabella agreed, trying to decide if this was a good or a bad sign. The Emperor almost never left the Capitol world of Victoria, but he was notoriously intent on purity, so his presence would be bad. Pirates would also be bad. Other nobles might not be terrible - those with wealth could be bribed with scandalous gossip, often enough. But there was no way to know until the craft landed, and Anabella tried to keep herself from speculating wildly as the shuttle glided down towards the bay.
The shuttle did not circle the landing site or hesitate to perform a proper scan. Instead, it extended its landing gear and settled onto the narrow strip of beach a hundred meters down, closer to the lagoon. Whoever was piloting the shuttle was quite skilled, Anabella thought. That didn't significantly narrow down the possibilities.
Anabella shrugged. "Shall we greet them?"
They walked down the beach. Anabella took a deep breath, trying to quiet the thousand anxious possibilities in her mind. Unconsciously, she reached out to take Roger and Ciara's hands, knowing that Roger would do the same for Shanti. Their touch was comfort, and she told herself that as long as they were together, she still had the only thing she could not lose.
The shuttle doors opened, and a ramp descended sedately toward the sand. At the top of the ramp, three figures stepped forward, squinting in the bright sun. Anabella caught her breath, her heart racing faster than she'd thought possible. The center figure was Princess Helena, the Emperor's eldest daughter and heir to the throne. She was flanked by her two suitors - Kaito Sakai on her right, and Liam Erikson on her left. Anabella had heard rumors, back at Epsilon Pegasi, that Kaito and Liam were close, perhaps even closer than Victorian society would countenance, and certainly they had both been courting Princess Helena for years.
It was adorable, in its own way, how the princess and her two escorts' expressions changed once their eyes adjusted to the moon's bright light and caught sight of the four unclothed survivors. Liam looked at the ocean, Kaito stared fixedly up at the vessel in orbit, and Helena scrunched her eyes shut in an unrefined yet becoming fashion.
Anabella's mind raced. If the Princess had been sent here, it meant that the world had not yet been officially added to the Victorian Star Empire. There were well-developed rituals around the addition of a new world to the Empire, rituals that were meant to strengthen the bonds between the Emperor and his subjects, but which gave Anabella a glimmer of hope almost as blinding as the sun in the sky.
"Welcome, your majesty," Anabella said, curtseying as properly as she could without a dress to grasp. Roger was bowing deeply, and Ciara and Shanti were being as respectful as their bellies permitted.
Princess Helena recovered her wits quickly, even if she kept her eyes shut. "Thank you," she said. "We did not realize there were survivors of the Intrepid. Are you...have you been ill treated?"
"Not at all, your majesty," Shanti said.
Anabella spoke up quickly, before the opportunity vanished. "But we are happy to welcome you to Lost Cove, our humble world. And we are eager to bring it into the Empire's fold."
Roger looked over to her in confusion, wondering why she pursued such a question.
"Trust me," she whispered.
"Always," he replied.
"I am sure that your induction can wait until we can find you some clothes," Liam said.
Ciara glanced over at Anabella with a smile. Anabella couldn't say for certain if Ciara understood some of her plan, or if she was simply playing along as best she could, but Anabella paused to let her speak.
"I am sorry, your majesty, but once a request for admittance into the Empire has been made, it must be answered."
"Her majesty knows the rules," Kaito said, glancing over at Ciara.
"We know she does," Roger said. "And we trust in her sense of duty."
"We can't keep to the traditional form, though," Liam said with a smile. "The first tradition is for the Imperial representative to dress in the traditional garb of the inducted world. You don't have any, at the moment."
Anabella smiled primly. "This is our traditional garb," she said.
The princess and both suitors looked at her, shock and embarrassment at the thought of being naked outdoors flooding their expressions. And yet, beneath it, Anabella detected a note of familiarity. Unless she missed her guess, Liam and Kaito had seen each other naked before.
"The very cheek of it," Princess Helena fumed. "We come all of this way to save you from being marooned, and instead of being grateful for a royal rescue, you want us to strip?"
Shanti sighed and looked down at the beach. "Imagine our position, your majesty. Marooned for almost a year, and two of us with child. Any honor or legitimacy you can give us will be a bulwark against the scandal."
Princess Helena sighed. "I understand," she said, with a good measure of sympathy, "and I am not unwilling to help. But you could have waited until we had given you clothing."
"By tradition, we had to deliver the request without leaving our planet's soil, and as soon as a representative was present," Anabella said.
Princess Helena wrinkled her lips in a highly improper yet rather becoming fashion. "And you are clearly deeply concerned with tradition."
"We have our own traditions," Anabella said.
"Besides, your majesty," Ciara said, "surely you can agree that our world is truly beautiful, and a welcome addition to the Empire."
The princess nodded, uncertain what point Ciara was driving at.
"So, I ask you," Ciara said with a sly glance at Liam and Kaito, "what else could improve the scenery?"
Princess Helena blushed, deeper than she had before. Liam and Kaito both tried to place a reassuring hand on her shoulder or her wrist, which had the effect of diverting her thoughts further onto the subject that had made her blush in the first place.
She would either be furious, Anabella thought, or her curiosity and her kindness would be enough for her to play along. The Imperial family had long had a reputation of being capable of both vast compassion and merciless adherence to tradition and propriety. Anabella could do nothing but wait and hope that her assessment of the princess's character had been correct.
Helena narrowed her eyes at Anabella. "You had best not make me regret this."
"I shall endeavour not to," Anabella replied.
"Good," Helena replied. "So come help me with these buttons."
"Will your companions require any assistance?" Roger asked.
Helena smiled, sharply and quickly, before she took on her regal bearing once again. Anabella was not meant to have noticed, she was sure, and she lowered her eyes as she pondered the implications and let the princess reply.
"I'm sure that they can help each other."
---
Helping the princess undress was a more involved process than Anabella had expected. When she had worn clothing, back in her parents' houses on Epsilon Pegasi, their servants had been on hand to help her into and out of it, and she wished she had been more attentive to the ways in which they'd done it. Beyond this, Helena's dress was quite intricate, with four layers of petticoats that she'd already started to sweat through in the few minutes she'd been on the moon's surface.
Beneath the dress, though, Anabella had to admit that the princess was quite attractive. She had a number of curves that had presumably gone undetected before this moment - a generous backside and a rather lovely valley between her breasts. Helena did not seem to notice Anabella's glances; she kept looking nervously at the shuttle door, from which she would emerge in a few moments, to be seen by her two suitors. Anabella couldn't tell for certain how much of the princess' nerves came from apprehension and how much from excitement, but she could see both of them in some proportion.
It seemed a bit unfair to Anabella that she was seeing this much of the princess before Liam and Kamito were. Judging by Helena's excitement, she would have liked to let them see her like this, and yet it had been forbidden so thoroughly that she'd never dared it. So many barriers placed between people and their perfectly healthy desires, and for what? Apart from the Emperor's overweening sense of control, and the smugness of a few meddling busybodies, it was hard to see who had gained.
Helena took a deep breath, then another. Anabella hesitated, then held out her hand.
"Shall I help you with the stairs, your majesty?"
Helena laughed sharply, and smiled through her apprehension.
"Yes, please."
Anabella took her hand, and they stepped back down to the beach together.
Liam and Kaito were standing near the surf. At first, they looked away, not wanting to make Princess Helena feel any more awkward than she already did, but Anabella knew full well that their resolve could only last so long. They both met her gaze, and blushed along with her, by the time she was halfway down the steps.
Anabella, in turn, couldn't help but look at them. They were both a bit more slender and less muscled than she and her friends, but she reminded herself that they lived in a markedly different social circle. Anabella could hardly avoid noticing that they both also reacted in an undeniable fashion to the sight of Princess Helena. Anabella's hope burned brighter; it seemed that their attraction to her was just as true as their affection for one another, which meant that her plan still had some chance of success.
Liam and Kaito glanced at one another, then turned back to Helena.
"You grace us with your august presence, your highness," Liam said, as if speaking for them both.
Helena blushed furiously, although she tempered it with a bashful smile.
"You are cheeky, sir," she replied.
Kaito glanced, momentarily, at Liam's exposed backside. "You do not know the half of it."
Ciara, never one to stand on ceremony, guffawed. Shanti and Roger could not help but laugh along, and both Kaito and Liam grinned at one another.
Helena shook her head, even as she grinned. "One minute on the moon and they're as bad as you."
Anabella smiled. I certainly hope so, she thought, although she was savvy enough to keep the thought to herself.
---
The most widely-known portion of the induction ceremony for a new planet is a feast. Liam and Kaito had brought some food down from their shuttle - cucumber sandwiches, some delicious cinnamon biscuits, some soft cakes, and a sumptuous jasmine tea that none of the castaways could get enough of. Shanti made up some of her spicy fish stew, and Anabella made a sweet yet tart beverage from the fruit near their home. Under normal circumstances servants would have been on hand to serve the meal, but Helena had of course sent a terse message up to orbit insisting that no further landings were necessary, so they all served one another.
There was more camaraderie than even Anabella had predicted. Seated around a simple table, with no reminders of social class and no barriers of any sort between them, it was easier to interact simply as fellow humans. Princess Helena was still gentle with the tea set, but given that it was the only one on the planet this seemed to Anabella to be simple common sense.
"That is lovely," Helena said. "I believe I've been to a thousand state dinners and I never come away feeling full, like this."
"A shame it's considered unseemly for a lady to eat enough in public," Anabella agreed.
"Especially when Shanti did such a wonder with the stew," Ciara chimed in.
Liam glanced between Ciara, Shanti, and Roger. He was frowning, and yet there seemed to be more depths to his emotions than he knew how to manage.
"I must confess, I am not sure I understand your relationship," he said. "I would not compel you to answer, but...is jealousy unable to gain a foothold on this world? Here you are, both with child, and yet you seem to be the closest of friends."
"Being the closest of friends is how we got with child," Ciara chuckled.
Roger gave her a long-suffering smile, then turned to Liam. "The fires of the Intrepid forged something here," he said. "We were alone, and there was no one to gainsay the love we came to feel for one another."
Kaito glanced at Princess Helena. "Victorian society would surely frown on such a thing," he said, hesitantly, as if he would rather not.
"I hope," Shanti said, "that disapproval can wait until at least the morning."
Helena narrowed her eyes. "And you are a part of this, too, Miss Locke?"
Anabella nodded. "I am," she said. "We love one another, and we support one another, and we will support any children that we bring into the world."
"And what of society's judgment?" Helena asked.
"If society endeavours to make us unhappy, we shall still have each other," Anabella said. "Would we be better off, if we made ourselves miserable to begin with?"
Anabella looked at her friends, steeling herself for what might come. She knew that her plan might come to nothing, and they might still be battered by Victorian society's wrath. If it should come to that, she would be with them, but she still had cards left to play. She saw in their faces the same hope that she felt, and conspiratorial glances that told her how much they had guessed of her plan.
"Take your two suitors, for example," Anabella said. "They ventured into the far reaches of space to be at your side. Surely you cannot doubt their love for you."
Helena looked affronted, and beneath it suspicious of where this line of argument was going.
"Their love is more true than any I have seen in court," Helena said. "And you do not endear yourself to me by questioning it."
"And their love for each other is equally true, I can see," Anabella added.
Liam bristled, but Kaito put a hand on his arm to still him. The gesture, the softness and familiarity of it, made any denial imposible.
"Are you suggesting that we should...live as you do?" Helena asked. "You must know that we would shatter the very Empire if we did."
Ciara smiled, a smile that wondered if the Empire cracking would indeed be such a bad thing.
"It's your choice, your highness," she said. "But I think that if you wanted to pick just one of them you would have done it by now."
Helena growled, and only the truth of Ciara's words shielded her from Helena's wrath.
"She does not mean to hurt you," Shanti cut in.
Roger grinned. Anabella could see that he had figured her plan out - he had attended two induction ceremonies when he served Anabella's parents, so he remembered what had until now slipped Helena's mind.
"They only wish to make sure that you know all of the available choices before the wedding," Roger said.
Helena set her soup down, and silence fell over the table.
"Wedding?" Kaito asked.
"It is a traditional part of the induction ceremony," Shanti said.
"Among the parties present on either side, a marriage should take place," Anabella said. "It symbolizes the union of the new world and the Empire."
Helena nodded slowly. "Either on our side, or yours. So either I choose a partner..."
"Or sanctify the union between the four of us," Anabella said. "Or, betray one of the Empire's oldest traditions and risk a schism with the entire Eastern Spiral Arm."
Helena stared at Anabella for a long moment, then chuckled. "When did you cook this up?"
Anabella shrugged. "When I saw the three of you," she said.
Helena looked at her two companions, as if seeing them for the first time. Anabella knew that, as princess, Helena alone could decide, but this didn't seem to be the time to mention it.
Liam looked over at Kaito, then turned to Helena.
"You know that we support your choice," he said softly.
Helena wrinkled her brow. "You don't know what it is yet."
"No," Kaito admitted. "But we support it, all the same."
Anabella found herself unable to categorize Helena's emotions, as she watched the princess look between her two loves. She could see hope, undercut by fear, buoyed by gratitude so strong that Helena could hardly express it.
"I don't know what is right for me," the princess said. "But I know what is right for you."
She smiled at Anabella.
"You win," Helena said. "I don't suppose you have enough wedding dresses for three, do you?"
Anabella's heat leaped, but she kept herself from embracing the princess in gratitude. She looked over at Shanti, who was holding Roger's hand to her mouth and kissing it, and Ciara, who was breathing as much of a sigh of relief as her belly would permit.
"We don't have much in the way of wedding attire," Roger admitted. "But if you'll wait a moment, I think I can make corsages."
---
The wedding was simple, but they could hardly have planned it better if they had tried. They held the ceremony at sunset, with the red and gold sky counterpointed by the blue and green of the gas giant. The princess and her two suitors sat in the grass, and the four lovers stood on the beach, the surf washing their toes as they promised to love one another as long as they lived.
They wore nothing but the flowers Roger had picked for them. Ciara's wrist was encircled by a blue-green lily, the flower that covered the pond at the heart of the island. Shanti wore a cluster of scarlet dragonflowers, unassuming but powerfully fragrant flowers that grew along the coast. And Anabella wore a dark jade dawnflower, beautiful and tall, that only bloomed for the first light.
Anabella could scarcely believe that it was happening. She'd dreamt of this for months, although never in specific terms; only imagined that she and her loves could live in each other's embraces without fear of Imperial censure. That imagined future had seemed so tenuous, so unlikely, that she could hardly recognize it now that it was solid before her.
Princess Helena spoke, saying the words that made their union official according to the Empire, but they could only see one another. Ciara was grinning, the grin that usually indicated a successful trick or tease, but with an undercurrent of joy as powerful as anything Anabella had seen. Roger, bless him, was trying his best not to cry as he held Ciara and Shanti's hands. Shanti herself was grinning ear to ear, and in the manner of her homeworld she called out blessings to everyone else in attendance.
"Thank you, your majesty," she told Helena. "I hope that you know our joy one day."
"Don't push your luck," Helena said.
"That's not a no," Ciara stage-whispered to Liam and Kaito. Kaito laughed unabashedly, Liam elbowed Kaito to try and control his own laughter, and even Helena couldn't help but smile.
"Alright," Helena said. "We shall adjourn to our shuttle. You seem to have skipped ahead a bit in terms of consummating your union, but I'll let you get to whatever remains."
Roger was suddenly bashful, looking away as Helena and her suitors turned to depart. Anabella wondered, as she noted the shuttle's instrumentation, how much privacy they would truly have.
She decided that, if Helena and Liam and Kaito really wanted to peep, they could. Love wasn't something she wanted to hoard; it was something she wanted to share.
Anabella walked up behind Roger and wrapped her arms around him, her hands braced on his belly just over his cock. He stiffened, and she kissed the back of his neck.
"Thank you for playing along," Anabella said.
"I didn't know how much of a plan you had," Ciara said, placing her hand on Roger's arm. "But I wasn't going to let you try it alone, whatever it was."
"We don't have to do anything alone," Roger said. "I was afraid it wouldn't be enough, and that I wouldn't be able to keep you all safe."
He turned to face Anabella, his eyes never leaving hers.
"Thank you," he said.
Anabella didn't need to speak. She pulled him close and kissed him, slowly and fervently, not to show him the fires of her passion but to show him just how strong of a rock she meant to be. He flowed against her, leaning on her and supporting her by turns, his body pressing against hers.
Ciara and Shanti joined them, as best they could. Ciara's belly in particular made it difficult for her to hold them straight on, but she pressed herself against their sides and held them as best she could. Anabella felt Ciara's hip against hers, and felt Shanti's kisses explode down her cheek like a cluster of shooting stars. She let them all hold her, felt their bodies surrounding her and sharing their touch, and for a long moment there was nowhere else in the universe she wanted to be.
After a moment, though, she adjusted her opinion. She could feel Roger's manhood pressing against her belly, already intensely stiff. She had spent so long enjoying it at a careful distance, keeping herself childless so as to shield the ones she cared for, that the prospect of finally sharing everything with him was at once exhilarating and terrifying. A part of her, which grew steadily louder, insisted that she was a married woman and she could make love to her husband and her wives in whatever manner she wished. Still, her long habits refused to break down easily, and she could feel herself hesitating.
"You're even more of a tease than I am," Ciara chuckled.
"I don't know how much of a tease you really are," Shanti replied. "You did put out first."
Roger smiled. "We are lucky to spend the rest of our lives with these brats."
Anabella laughed. "We are."
"Such accusations," Ciara chuckled. She slid her hands down Roger and Anabella's backs, pushing the two of them together. "What have I done to deserve such a title?"
"Today, or in general?" Shanti asked.
"You too?" Ciara put a hand on her head in mock outrage. "I have half a mind to send you to bed early."
Shanti hummed. "You should."
Anabella caressed Roger's cheek, drawing his gaze up to meet hers. "We should all take each other to bed," she said.
Roger took her hand and kissed it, slowly, his lips lingering on her skin. Ciara had pressed them together, but it wasn't until that moment when Anabella felt Roger arching his hips against hers.
"Whatever you wish," he said softly. He said it for Anabella, and he said it for all of his loves, and Anabella knew that he would mean it until the day he died. And, without another word, the four of them walked hand in hand to the bed.
---
Victorian society had lied to Anabella a great deal about sexuality, she'd come to realize. It had told her, for instance, that lust was not something that high-born ladies should experience, which was belied by her feelings almost every night since their landing. It had told her that a lady should not feel attraction toward another lady, which was almost inconceivable now that she'd come to know Shanti and Ciara so intimately. It had told her that love should always be an activity for two, which certainly worked for many folk but seemed awfully limiting for her.
Above all these though, it had told her that a women's wedding night was an awkward and frequently painful experience, and that it heralded the beginning of a life of duty. As Ciara lay down carefully on the far edge of the bed, pulling Roger close and beckoning Anabella with her eyes, Shanti wrapped her arms around Anabella from behind, pulling herself close. Anabella's heart swelled with love, and her nethers grew wet with eager lust, and she knew that the galaxy could be so much better than she had been told.
"They get the middle, yes?" Shanti said.
"Oh, surely," Ciara replied. "But I think we should all get some attention."
"We have enough to share," Roger said. It was a promise of many things, but he began by moving close to Ciara and kissing her, his hand wandering across her full belly and around to her back to pull her closer.
"May I be the first to deflower you on your wedding night?" Shanti whispered, her fingers trailing down across Anabella's belly.
"I'm not sure how many flowers remain in that particular patch," Anabella admitted.
Shanti giggled. "So you say," she replied. "But how can I be certain until I stick my nose in it?"
Anabella's etiquette training had certainly never given her a polite way to decline such a request, even if she'd wanted to. She sat down on the edge of the bed, and Shanti knelt and leaned in to kiss her fiercely. Shanti had always been fiery in her passions, and Anabella had privately wondered whether her ardour was driven by the belief that they would eventually be discovered and parted. She had her answer, as unambiguous as a meteor streaking across the atmosphere, as Shanti's lips pressed against hers and her tongue held dominion in Anabella's mouth. Shanti's passion had always been the flame of love, because it burned brighter now than it ever had before.
Anabella's own passions were rising swiftly too, she had to admit. Shanti moved down, kissing her way down Anabella's neck and across her bosom. Anabella was not normally one to rush things, but she set a hand on Shanti's head and guided her past her stomach and down, pushing gently until Shanti's kisses crossed her delta and reached her lips.
"Yes," Anabella gasped. She was desperately wet, and she could feel Shanti's smile against her nethers as Shanti embraced her.
They had all come to know each other so well, over the past year. Shanti knew she didn't need to go slowly, knew how badly Anabella needed her, and she wasted no time. She wrapped an arm around Anabella's leg, pulling herself close. Her tongue parted Anabella's lips, sliding deep inside, then her nose began to press against Anabella's pearl with each rocking motion of her head.
"Oh, yes," Anabella whimpered. She ran her hand through Shanti's beautiful hair, wondering if she could ever repay favors such as this. She knew she could bring Shanti this same sort of joy, and that she would have many more opportunities to do so, but in the moment the pleasure that her spouses brought her seemed so large as to be impossible to match.
"Yes," Roger gasped. Anabella looked over to see him seated next to her, with Ciara kneeling before him. Her head moved up and down, her lips parting to take his shaft into her mouth. Ciara caught Anabella looking, and gave her a wink as she descended. Roger, on the other hand, still had his eyes closed; Ciara's efforts demanded his attention. His arms were tense, gripping the bed as Ciara pleasured him; his desire for them had always been tempered by his wish to be gentle, and Anabella knew it always would.
Anabella stretched out her hand and found Roger's. He still gripped the fabric of the bed, but when she squeezed his hand she felt him squeeze in response. It reminded Anabella of their first awkward nights on the moon, when touching each other's hands in the midst of pleasure had been an exciting scandal all its own. But, even back then, they'd been there for each other, partners in their pleasure just as they were partners in all other things. She could feel the course of his pleasure through his touch, feel his heart racing and his pleasure rising at Ciara's attention, and she hoped that he could feel her joy too, because she would have had some difficulty articulating it.
Shanti had always been passionate, always been one to let her fire guide her actions, and Anabella could feel her excitement in every motion of her tongue. Shanti's tongue slid between Anabella's lips, and Shanti's lips drew Anabella closer, drawing their passions together. Anabella could feel Shanti's cheeks brush against her thighs, and Shanti's hair tickling her leg. Shanti placed a gentle hand on Anabella's thigh, not to tease or rub her but merely to keep herself steady, and the sensation was almost more than she could stand.
Anabella moaned. She recalled, from a long-ago hushed conversation with her mother, that a lady was not expected to enjoy the intimate encounter on her wedding night, and if she did she was expected not to make the fact known. Anabella took the thought, and every fragment of Victorian propriety she could recall, and dashed them across the rocks in her mind. She swore that, when the people who loved her gave her pleasure, she would make sure they knew it. She moaned, and she panted, and she growled with the pure elemental pleasure of it.
"God, you're beautiful," Roger sighed.
Anabella looked over at him. He was smiling, and she was certain he'd been speaking to her, but his eyes were still closed.
"Me?" she asked.
Roger opened his eyes and smiled at her. "Yes," he said.
Anabella looked down at Shanti, her beautiful wavy hair shifting as she pleasured Anabella, and over at Ciara as the beautiful curves of her belly and her bosom rose and fell.
"If that is true, I am in the best of company," she gasped.
"You always will be," Roger said, and leaned over to kiss her.
He hadn't planned anything for the kiss, hadn't intended anything beyond the moment. But when he kissed her, when he felt the heat of her lips against his, he found himself unable to stop. He had just told her that she was beautiful, and that he would always find her so. That beauty was everywhere - in the way her tongue traced his lip before sliding into his mouth, like a proper lady asking permission before entering; in the way she held his shoulder as though they were dancing; in the way her bosom pressed against him as they drew closer. His loves had more beauty than anyone could know, but he at least had a lifetime in which to tell them so.
Roger moaned. Anabella couldn't tell if it was because of Ciara's ministrations, or her kisses, or just the knowledge that the four of them were forever joined. There was no way to separate their joys, now - his ecstasy was Anabella's, and theirs belonged to Ciara and Shanti, and it might rise and fall like the tide but it would cover them all.
Roger broke away from the kiss, but only so that he could kiss a path downwards, along Anabella's neck and towards her left breast. She could hear him gasping softly as he moved, his own pleasure too strong to be ignored, but he reached her nipple and kissed it, and Anabella gave voice to whatever moans he had been stifling.
Being on the receiving end of so much attention was lovely, yet Anabella found herself wishing she was in a position to return the favor. This was their wedding night, and it ought to be a celebration of all of the ways in which they loved each other. She was finding it difficult to raise the subject, though, with Roger and Shanti's lips where they were. There were moments when they moved with such synchrony, as though they were both moving to a rhythm that Anabella's ear couldn't place, a rhythm that sent her helplessly higher.
The words found their way to the surface eventually, though. Anabella ran her hand through Roger's hair and caught his eye.
"I feel that I should be doing something to please you," she gasped.
Roger pulled away, smiling up at her.
"You are," he said.
"You're moaning," Ciara added, before running her tongue around the head of Roger's cock. "That's quite lovely."
"You know what I mean," Anabella said with a smile.
Shanti shifted up, pulling her tongue away from Anabella's cleft and replacing it with her fingers.
"There is something you could do for us," Shanti said with a grin.
"Shanti and I have talked about it a lot," Ciara said.
Anabella could guess what they had in mind. After a year, she could often tell what was behind Shanti's excited grin, Ciara's faux-innocent expression, and Roger's bashful smile. There were no more social barriers to keep the truth tightly bottled, no reason to hide their desires from each other.
"We can let the two of you have the middle," Shanti added.
Roger, she could see, was all set to tell her that they needn't do anything Anabella didn't want to do. Before he could speak, though, she shook her head at Shanti.
"I couldn't possibly leave the two of you out," Anabella said.
"We'd be very close by," Ciara said.
"But if you're on the same side, you can take care of each other," Anabella said. "I can't have my wives neglected - not ever, and especially not tonight."
Ciara grinned cheekily, but Shanti blushed and moved closer to Anabella.
"Say that again?"
Anabella smiled, and pulled Shanti close.
"You are my wife and I love you," Anabella whispered, then drew Shanti into a kiss. Shanti's lips were warm with passion, and wet with Anabella's own excitement, and they moved effortlessly together in a dance that they'd been practicing since they'd landed. Just as with Roger moments before, Anabella had imagined a quick kiss, and yet was quite pleased when it was anything but. Shanti kissed her deeply, eagerly, letting herself get lost in Anabella's embrace without the looming fear of discovery and shame. It was sweet, and fiery, and Anabella could hardly believe that she'd have the rest of her life to experience it.
Shanti broke away and leaned on Anabella's shoulder, catching her breath. Anabella held her, and savored the touch of her skin, and smiled at Ciara and Roger.
"Thank you," Shanti said softly. "I should share you, though."
"I would like that," Anabella said, looking at Roger with undisguised lust.
Anabella could see the effects of her gaze on Roger, but he hesitated. "Things may go easier for us if the three of you are not with child at the same time," he said.
Shanti disengaged from Anabella and sat next to Ciara, giving Roger a gentle but firm nudge toward Anabella. He shifted over, and Anabella climbed up to kiss him.
"You've been so patient, though," she said.
"I haven't," he objected. "If I'd been patient we wouldn't be expecting nearly this much."
"If we weren't expecting, the princess might well have landed and delivered us back to our old lives," Anabella said, lifting her leg to straddle Roger just below his hips. "And instead of sleeping here with each other, we would be sleeping on a vessel in orbit, alone."
She shook her head. "No, I am grateful that we all had precisely as much patience as we did. But...you don't need to keep me safe from scandal any longer. And I don't need to protect you from Victorian society by staying pure."
She moved up, kissing Roger where he lay back on the bed. She felt her bosom press against his chest, felt his manhood hard against her belly. He pushed her hair from her eyes.
"You know I will always want to protect you, Anabella," he said. "Many things may have changed, but not that."
Anabella smiled. "Sir, I have wanted you since we landed here, wanted to feel you lose yourself inside me. I have watched my loves enjoy that pleasure often. And all that time, I have been deprived."
She rose up and pressed her hands against her chest. "Will you protect me from further deprivation?"
Ciara laughed, as deep and bawdy a sound as she could manage. Shanti laughed breathlessly, her fingers already moving between her own legs.
Roger grinned.
"Well," he said, placing one hand on Anabella's hip and another on his manhood. "If I am going to be surrounded by brats, I'm glad it is like this."
Anabella was desperately wet, her joy at her newfound freedom refusing to be contained. Roger pressed the head of his manhood against her lips, and she closed her eyes to save the sensation. Then, slowly and gently, she began to move down, taking him inside her.
She was grateful, as she moved, that none of her spouses had been shy about exploring her with their fingers. Roger's manhood was much thicker, and if she'd tried to jump straight to it she might have been uncomfortable. But now, prepared as she was with an excess of wetness and all of their past attention, it was exquisite. Roger filled her up beautifully, his cock reaching places that no one's fingers had. His eyes met hers, letting her see his pleasure as she sank towards his hips, and letting her share her own. They moved together, seeking nothing but each other's pleasure and finding it abundant.
"Oh, yes," Ciara said. She had moved next to Shanti, one hand wrapping around Shanti's hip while the other glided along between her own legs. "I've been trying to talk you into this for so long."
Anabella smiled. "You seem to have persuaded yourself first."
"No, I persuaded Roger first," Ciara corrected.
Roger sighed as Anabella rose up and back down, her body enveloping him as their hips met. "You are all terribly convincing," Roger acknowledged.
"You talked me into it, you tart," Shanti moaned.
Roger smiled at her, then looked up at Anabella.
"I may be a bit of a tart," he admitted.
Anabella smiled. "I know who I married."
She leaned in to kiss him, letting the touch of their lips become part of their dance together, yet another way to share themselves. She was not overwhelmed, as she'd feared she might be, nor was Roger. On one level this was a foray into previously forbidden territory, but on another it was an expression of love, the love they had felt for many months. That love had already found a thousand expressions, from kisses to kind words to the way Roger held her when she slept. The sensations were new, and her blood was surely running hot, but love was the fire that warmed it.
Anabella watched his face in the firelight, trying to see the signs of his pleasure and figure out how they matched with hers. She had watched all of her loves perform this dance, watched the way they balanced each other's pleasure with their own, and she knew that each lover, and each moment, were unique. It was not a dance for which you could learn all of the proper steps. It was, rather, a dance where the steps were always a bit new, and both partners had to lead sometimes.
Admittedly, her own pleasure was making it difficult to focus on learning. Her face was flushed, and sweat ran down her temples. She could feel her pleasure rising toward its peak, feel every rise and fall of her hips charging her up further. She tried to focus on Roger's face, on the groan in his voice and the way he bit his lip, but all of his focus was on her.
He reached up and caressed her cheek. "You can go first."
"I am...trying to be a good hostess," she gasped.
He smiled. "And I'm trying to be a gentleman."
She moaned. "Then you should give the lady what she wants."
Roger smiled then slid his hands down to Anabella's hips. When she sank down, he pulled her close - not forcefully enough to throw off her rhythm, but strong enough to disrupt her control. She'd been trying to keep one rein on her pleasure, so as not to be overwhelmed, and Roger was pushing her forward.
"I think the lady wants a climax," he said. "And I want to give it to her."
Anabella groaned. It was, on one level, deeply unfair. Roger had had a great deal of practice in this exact sort of act over the past months, and she had not. She had so much she wanted to learn, so much to show him, and she didn't know how she could possibly learn anything if she became a helpless puddle.
And yet, the loss of control was always a part of such acts. She always moaned wantonly when Ciara caressed her lips and whispered in her ear. She always held Shanti like a drunkard gripping a wall when Shanti drove their hips together in moments of passion. And they, in turn, fell apart at the touch of her hands, and her tongue. Perhaps this is what all relationships were, she thought - holding each other as we are overcome by joy.
Anabella let Roger's hands pull her forward, let him goad her into further motion. She felt him rising up to meet her, felt him filling her up and holding her closer and she let the pleasure guide her.
"There you go," Ciara said softly.
Shanti whimpered, her fingers unable to keep up with her desire, and Ciara adjusted her hand to assist. Shanti moaned, and Anabella let the sound send her higher. Her lovers were all around her, and their pleasure was hers.
Anabella leaned forward, her hips pressing closer to Roger's. She didn't need to prove anything to him, she realized. He loved her, and her pleasure was all he sought. She moaned softly as her fire rose, and Roger smiled. She smiled back, not the polite smile of a woman of high society, but the pure and unrefined smile of a woman getting what she wanted.
Each sensation could well be the study of a lifetime, she thought. The way he filled her, his manhood parting her lips and sliding home with each circle of her hips. The way their sweat and her wetness joined them together, the scent and the feel of it easing their every movement. The way his breathing rose with hers, his eyes on her face as he kept pace with her passion. She could never know it all as well as it deserved, and yet she would try.
Anabella moved to lay flat on Roger, searching for the position that could give her what she sought. She leaned in close, staring into his eyes, seeing her own pleasure reflected in his wonder. She kissed him, and though she meant it to be a swift peck, she found herself falling into it. She moaned into his mouth in a supremely unladylike fashion, and she felt the heat of his breath in response. He drew her close, letting her tongue slide between his lips, entering him even as he entered her.
Although she couldn't see it, Anabella could feel Roger's smile, and feel his joy in the caress of his hands and the motions of her hips. Her own joy was rising up, lifting her higher like a boat in the tide. She was panting with the effort of it, her bosom pressed against Roger's chest, her hips bucking against his. She pulled back from the kiss, gasping for air, and caught his eye.
"Oh, get it," Ciara gasped. Anabella glanced over to see Shanti far past the point of words, her mouth wide in a silent wail of pleasure as Ciara's fingers sent her tumbling. She looked back to find Roger, his own climax drawing nearer, watching her helplessly.
"Since you asked so nicely," Anabella gasped, then pushed forward.
Her pleasure built swiftly, and she could feel her climax building. She drove against Roger desperately, driving her hips against his, feeling him fill her with each thrust. She could see that he was getting closer, too, but he was holding off, wanting to know that she had reached the greatest heights before he tried to climb up after her.
"You are so good to me," she gasped, her gaze locked on his as the wave crested.
Her climax was not sharp or sudden - it was slow and immense, the sensation flooding into her every nerve until it burst everywhere all at once like a rain of meteors. She wailed helplessly, the sound crashing down the peaks and valleys of her ecstasy. It was more pleasure than she could take, more than she could express. She gripped Roger's hand hard enough to hurt him, just as her welcoming cunt squeezed his cock to the rhythm of her joy.
Anabella was vaguely aware of Shanti's cries of satisfied lust, as they harmonized with her own. Even if they weren't touching, they were sharing their pleasure, just as they would share everything else - a home, and their love, and soon enough their children. The thought brought her nothing but joy.
After an eternal moment, Anabella opened her eyes, and loosened her grip on Roger's hand. If she had hurt him, he didn't seem to mind.
"Hello, sir," she mumbled.
He smiled, and brushed his fingers along her temple. "Hello yourself," he panted.
"Oh, listen to him," Ciara said, shaking her head. "The lady has welcomed you into her private chambers. Surely you have a housewarming gift for her?"
Roger's eyes never left Anabella's. "Do you want that?" he asked.
Anabella was having trouble marshalling her words, so she sat up just a bit and thrust Roger's cock as deep inside her as she could manage. He groaned, his hands sliding down her back to grip her posterior.
"You've been such a gentleman," Ciara panted. Shanti had collapsed at her side, spent but still watching, but Anabella was fairly certain that Ciara hadn't reached her peak any more than Roger had.
"But even gentlemen must surrender to their primal needs," Ciara went on.
Roger groaned, his hips driving up to meet Anabella's with a rising intensity. Anabella smiled, her own hips moving to meet him. Her capacity for speech was slowly returning, but she found that she had more direct avenues of communicating her desires. Besides, Ciara was talking herself up to a climax and Anabella didn't want to interrupt.
"Surely you would not deny your lady wife that which she desires?" Ciara said.
"You...must be specific," Roger gasped.
"No, I think we all want this," Ciara grinned. "Miss Anabella has been so patient, but she wants to bring you to your fill."
Roger looked up at Anabella, his eyes tracing the tendons in her hips and the bounce of her breasts before coming to rest on her smiling eyes.
Anabella leaned in close. She kissed him, swiftly, then leaned in to whisper in his ear.
"You know Ciara won't be able to finish until you do, right?"
Roger groaned, a long, deep sound that spoke of many things - his amusement at their teasing, the rough edges of his pleasure, and the difficulty of bantering in such a state. Anabella knew he'd make the effort, though, even before he did.
"I suppose I have no choice but to please you all," he said, his lip curling into a grin.
"You always have a choice," Anabella said.
He reached up and caressed her cheek.
"I know," he said. "But I made it a long time ago, and I won't change it."
He gripped her hips, gently guiding her motions as she rose and fell atop him. She could feel his tension, like a violin string vibrating beneath her fingers, and hear the eagerness in his breath.
"Poor Ciara," Anabella said softly. "She wants this so badly. She wants you to let go."
"Oh, Anabella," Roger groaned. She could hear the desire in his voice, and she couldn't tell if he wished for mercy or wished for her to continue. She suspected it was a bit of both.
"She wants to see you fill me with your seed," Anabella went on. "Do you know why?"
Roger shook his head. He was rising more swiftly now, his manhood buried deep inside Anabella with each stroke. He was still guiding her, but his passion was too great to let him be still.
"Ciara wants to see you fill me because she knows I want to feel it," Anabella said.
"Fuck," he gasped. The coarseness of the word was like the coarseness of his stubble, after he trimmed his beard as best he could - society would not approve but she found it perfect. Roger was moving faster, gasping with effort and pleasure, his cock sliding deep into Anabella's cunt with each desperate stroke. What they were doing was beautiful and messy and primal, and it felt honest to speak coarsely of it.
"Oh, please, Roger," Ciara gasped as she slid three fingers inside her cunt. "Don't you want to fill her up?"
Shanti hummed, grinning as she watched in spite of her exhaustion. "He wants to give her a big belly too."
Roger glanced over at them. He was so strong, and yet he was helpless before their teasing. The dichotomy would never stop endearing her to him. Anabella caressed his chin, and pulled his gaze back to her.
"We all want the same thing," she said softly. "So seed me."
"Yes," he growled. He was pulling her tightly against him now, their hips grinding together as he claimed her. "Oh, Anabella. Take it! Have my baby!"
She watched his face as he gave himself to her. He stared back at her until the pleasure overwhelmed him, forcing his eyes shut. He thrust desperately upwards, almost lifting Anabella off the bed. She felt his cock swell, then pulse again and again as he gave her everything he had.
He held himself as deep as he could, somehow managing to thrust inside her as each wave of his seed crested inside her. He reared up, his hips pushing desperately against Anabella, trying to bring them as close together as he could for this eternal moment. She watched his face, watched him cry out in exquisite pleasure as he filled her womb.
Ciara made a strained sort of cry, and Anabella glanced over to see her being overwhelmed by the same pleasure as Roger. She wailed, her legs shaking as she pushed herself over the edge. She leaned helplessly against Shanti, and Shanti pulled her close and kissed her cheek as the pleasure overwhelmed her.
Anabella had, if she was being honest, wanted this since she landed here. She loved her companions, loved them dearly, and she wanted to share every joy that she could find with them all. She beamed, as Shanti caught her eye - the pleasure they gave was as lovely as the pleasure they felt.
Anabella leaned in close as she felt the last of Roger's climax, his manhood still filling her with the last of his seed.
"Oh, fuck," he murmured. "Anabella. Oh, thank you."
"Shh," she replied, laying her head on his shoulder. He moved an arm up, holding her chest and her hips, pulling her close as he came down. "I have you."
He looked up at her, awe in his eyes as he slowly caught his breath. "I have you too, don't I?"
She smiled. "Always."
---
The little moon turned in its orbit, the night yielding itself to morning. Princess Helena and her suitors returned to orbit in the morning, several hours later than the flight plan they had scheduled with the vessel in orbit. There was some confusion about the reasons, which Princess Helena brushed aside.
The scandal truly began when Princess Helena passed along news of the union she had given her blessing to on the world below. The Duke and Duchess of Epsilon Pegasi were overjoyed that their daughter was safe, but shocked at the union into which she had entered. The Emperor was furious, and demanded that the Princess return at once to answer for her choice.
Before Princess Helena could make her return, however, one of her personal servants passed a message along to the Emperor stating that Helena was with child. The message was leaked to the news somewhere along the way, and it ignited the interest of the entire Victorian Star Empire.
The problem, of course, was that neither Princess Helena nor her two suitors would say who had fathered the child. Their families, worrying over the possibility of losing a valuable union with the royal family, seized upon the only solution they could find - Princess Helena could marry both of them.
The Emperor took the suggestion as a personal insult, an affront to all Victorian modesty, and moved to sanction the home worlds of both families. When other planets' representatives called for him to stay his hand, he sanctioned them as well. Before long, half of the Empire was arrayed against him, and several regions on the edges of the Empire were rather opportunistically rebelling.
The matter was not ended until the Emperor's eldest daughter, Alice, stepped in. It is not known what exactly she said to him, only that when their conversation concluded he abdicated the throne, and Alice let all of his decrees regarding modesty and prudishness be consigned to history.
Little of this news made its way down to the tropical moon where the whole matter had begun. Small clusters of refugees - groups of two, three or four whose unions were unthinkable while the Empire's strict laws still held. Anabella, Roger, Ciara, and Shanti welcomed them, and helped them learn how to live on the moon. They fished, and built a small home, and raised their children together.
It was something of a surprise when Princess Helena and her husbands returned, this time intending to stay. But Anabella, in her semi-official capacity as planetary governor, welcomed them all to the world.
---
"Did you have any idea that it would end up like this?" Helena asked.
Anabella looked up from the tea she was preparing. Helena was seated in a chair facing the ocean, watching the waves crash on the beach. She was moving slowly, these days, her belly swelling with what Anabella suspected were twins. She already had four children, and even if some of them looked like Liam and some like Kaito, none of their parents played any favorites. Liam and Kaito were wrangling those children now; they'd insisted that teatime was one piece of the Victorian Empire that Helena needed, and Helena seemed little inclined to argue.
"Has it ended?" Anabella said, walking over to the simple wooden table and handing Helena her tea.
"Well, no," Helena admitted. She took a sip, then set the cup down and sighed contentedly. "But, when you landed on this world, did you have any idea that we'd get to where we are now?"
Anabella considered this as she sipped her own tea. Roger was just sailing a fishing boat out into the cove with Shanti, and Ciara had taken the older children off to pick fruit further inland. Their youngest two were sleeping, although that could change at any moment.
"I didn't know," Anabella said, finally. "I just hoped."
Helena smiled. "I'm glad you were right."
Anabella watched Roger prepare the nets as Shanti steered the ship out towards the richer waters beyond.
"Me too."
---
I want to thank Sylvidoll for her editorial help.