Hello. This is my first story I hope you enjoy, any feedback will be welcomed.
DV Smith.
*****
Nick pulled up to his girlfriend's drive way feeling more confident than ever in their three month long relationship. Most of the time he would meet her after class or in the local pub however this time she had asked for him to pick her up at her house. Nick had met her family and liked them (thought they didn't dislike him) but yet he felt nervous of coming here.
Ash was in her last year of college, grown up and intelligent. Nick a few years ahead had already started working as an electrician. They had met through bizarre circumstance; his buddy went on a blind date with her, he had met them during the date (completely unaware it was happening despite what his friend thought). It didn't work out between them however after another chance meeting (this time in a bar) they had agreed to go out. After all she laughed at his stupid jokes and he liked her laugh.
He looked at himself in the mirror, he wasn't devilish handsome, yet not ugly by any means. He was normal. His short wild brown hair caused some concern; he could never get it straight. His light hazel eyes flashed down at his body. He wasn't skinny but wasn't overweight, didn't workout fanatically but had daily walks. Other than a little dry skin he was fair and cleanly with a light layer of hair that started on the back of his neck and traveled to every other part of his body.
As he sat in his car he wondered if he should honk or go to the door, the door would be a much more polite path he finally decided. Then before he could even unbuckle his seatbelt the choice was snatched away from as the door opened to reveal his girlfriend, her back turned speaking with someone.
Nick sighed with visible relief; he would not have to face that battle of nerves today! Then wondered if his car was clean, after all he was a young man and practically never cleaned the car he was so proud to have bought with his own cash. There was a sound of her saying her goodbyes as Nick frantically looked around for trash, however he had proved resourceful and cleaned it prior to the date.
Nick turned with a somewhat guilty smile as Ashley walked towards his car. "Hey babe!" He said managing to collect himself as she opened the door. She offered him a smile, then to her mother a wave before closing the car door.
Ashley turned and kissed him on the check. "Hey," She replied with a mischievous look in her eye. Nick narrowed his eyes questioning, she was up to something. He smiled back so he wouldn't betray his suspicions and took the first good look at her body today. He hadn't seen what she was wearing.
She wore a thin, light top that hung loosely on her skin. Her breasts weren't huge like most men fantasied but well formed. The shirt gave him a good eye full of them. His eyes widened a little once he got a good look at her black skirt. It was half way up her thighs and perhaps the highest he had ever seen it on her. He couldn't get over how hot it made her look and how turned on he was to see her in such an outfit. Paired with her red hair, alabaster skin and freckles she was a ginger pure and true but the prettiest he had ever seen.
"Do you like it?" She asked coyly pulling him in for a kiss. Nick couldn't resist a grin as his lips touched her, so soft and today tasted like watermelon.
"I do," Nick admitted, a little embarrassed for looking as long as he did, "I surprised to see you in it honestly." He offered as an explanation. She smiled at him and gave a cute little wink.
"Thought I would try something new," She said as she bulked up her seat belt, "Come on, we don't want to be late! We might not get a good spot!" Her voice increased in both speed and pitch, she must be excited to see these movies.
"We won't." Nick said taking his mind off his girlfriend's legs for a moment to concentrate on backing out of the drive way. Once he was back on to the road it didn't take him long for his mind to work back onto her body.
Luckily they were only minutes away from the drive in, Nick though had been driving for years found it hard to concentrate on the roads and it wasn't the twilight of the coming evening. He thought of the last time they had sex, how her breasts rocked against his face. He had to shake his head to clear it as he came to a stop sign. However even then his mind lingered on her skin, how it felt and tasted.
They have had sex four times since they started dating. Nick having been with her found himself unable to control his own body. Slowly he could feel the blood pumping to his crotch but there was not a damn thing he could do about it now. Or was there?
Slowly he shifted in jeans trying to hide his erection but his plan was poorly conceived and horribly executed. Ashley looked over and gave him a leering look after turning back to the window. "I don't think you've ever worn something like that in school." He commented, feeling foolish the moment it came out, wishing he could take back the words and the blood that was now in his boner.
Ashley took it with good grace, "Are you afraid everyone else will see me?" She asked with smirk.
"Yes!" Nick said only half joking. In all honestly it took all the effort in him to ask her out the first time and the first date nearly killed him. He had finally gotten her and didn't want to face the idea of losing her.
"Don't worry; this is for your eyes only." She said leaning over to give him a kiss, he felt her hand brush over the bulge in his pants and he could have sworn it was done purposefully. It took a while after that, but as they were reaching the drive in Movie Theater he could his erection softening at last. When ordering his tickets he lied about the pop and candy he stashed in the back and drove on in.
Finding a spot would be easy, it was Thursday in the middle of the school year, and not many would have this privilege. Ash didn't have class on Thursdays and Nick had taken the next day off of work. Nick drove towards their assigned screen; it took only a moment for Ash to choose a spot. It was near one of the narrow edges roughly in the middle however gave a surprising effect of being near the center screen. As the sky darkened more people filled in, none even close to his island of isolation. The other two screens had newer movies drawing more attention.
It was the first movie was his interest, a real man movie. Sex, violence, sex, drugs, sex, violence and his favourite actor who died in nearly every movie he was in. Nick gave him half an hour until the end to die in this one. Nick was earnestly surprised when Ash agreed to watching it without even learning the second was more of a chick flick.
Nick had already worked out the radio and his absolutely perfect seating arrangement for the dual screenings. He smiled as the window had not a spot on it, it would be easy to see everything in the movie. Ash leaned over on his shoulder; it was moments like these he was happy the central compartment was back more than most cars. Her hand rubbed his leg slowly; he could feel the blood starting to return to his cock as her hand reached inward. Again a suspicion that she was doing this on purpose flooded into his mind. Surprisingly the thought only made him more aroused.
Nick looked around but there was no one paying attention to them. People honked the horns trying to make the movie start faster. Nick shook his head; Ashley looked at him from the movement "What?"
"Oh." He said disappointed he had disrupted her. "People are stupid." He said as another horn went off, this time to hockey night in Canada. "It's not like it's going to make the timer go any faster."
"Oh" She replied with a light laugh as her hand and shoulder returned to their former places "I thought you didn't like this." She was teasing him.
"I like it!" He admitted swiftly and she laughed at his fluster. The screen turned on in the next moment, and a few short minutes later the movie started. Ashley's head remained on his shoulder but her hand started to explore his body. It moved up his chest and down along his belly always over his shirt before returning to his leg, brushing over the bulge in his pants every once in a while. Nick was breathing heavily, to the point where he had to open a window to lose some of the hot air. He didn't want her to stop but in such a public place!
As the movie action sequences slowed to the rare romantic moment her hand became more active. It was now gliding over his dick from time to time and one rub even went as far as to go to his balls that had cuddled next to his dick. Each time he let out a gasp unsure of what to do. He started to move his hand but she grabbed it and put it back to its place. She purred softly in his ear, "This is my time to explore." Nick wasn't about to complain.
The movie neared to the end, the main actor and the leading lady were stuck alone in the woods with his favourite act long dead. His friend told him about this love seen, hell he even got to see tits from a famous actress! However none of that stuck into his mind as Ashley's hand moves from lightly rubbing his leg to fully stroking his cock over his jeans. As the scene played out Ashley moved faster and grabbing more skin, Nick just held on for the ride. As the girl took her shirt off, Ashley's hand moved up his belly under his clothes. Then off came the bra, showing the actress's fabulous chest and down went Ashley's hand under both his jeans and underwear as she fished for his cock. Once found she rubbed it gently as Nick gazed at her wondrously. He moaned quietly, trying not to moan too loud, the scene forgotten.
She moved her hand slowly along his cock for a minute but took her hand away slowly once the scene was over and after whipping her hand she plunged into the candy. Watching the movie's last fight scene as nothing had happened. Her attention was now on the movie but her body still leaned against Nicks as he panted heavily. The sudden removal of her hand was something of a tease however the ending was rather well done which gave a consolation. Her hand still explored between mouthfuls of candy, sometimes even giving a gentle squeeze every now and again.
The movie of course ended with the hero and the actress who Nick could now check off of his list "of girls to see naked" rode into the sunset. He noted that there was a lack of his actor's name not even mentioned like they lost nothing during the adventure. However it wasn't a bad movie and for what it was and the action was pretty good. Or so Nick thought.
"That was awesome!" Ashley said once the move was over and the hotdog bun short started. "I loved how he died, a little over the top but hey that's what happens when you fuck with dinosaurs." Ashley gave him a wicked look paired with a wink "How did you like the movie?" She asked amused with herself.
"I kind of missed a lot of the story" Nick answered unsure of what to say. "But I liked the ending." He thought for a moment as it dawned on him that she liked it more than he did. "You like this stuff?"
"Yep," She replied with a grin, "I'm a girl but I would rather see problems ended with a roundhouse kick to the face over some shitty life lesson crap." Nick grinned stupidly as he nodded with a smile. He knew that he was at the moment completely content, or rather would have been had she finished him off.
"So you don't like chick flicks?" Nick asked, realize he could have watched both the action and the horror movie over the chick flick. The things you do for love...
"Not really but I'll find a way to entertain myself, don't worry. Those movies always have happy endings." Ash said with a large grin, Nick wasn't if she was hinting at something or not.
Ashley focused on the candy; her skirt was loose on her legs as each time she reached for one of the bags would raise it a little higher. Nick watched with amazement as she moved over giving him a full shot of her underwear. It was a shiny black from what he could see from his glance. He felt her eyes upon his face and he looked up slowly, to meet them. Not angry at all she gave rather lewd smile as she pulled it down slowly "Are you being a bad boy?" She teased. Nick didn't have time to answer as the oncoming movie started in that moment.
The sky had fully darkened and the only light given was from that of the screen as the second movie began. Many of the other people relatively near them had ether went home or moved forward for a better spot. Isolated Ashley resumed rubbing Nick's leg although it didn't take her long to move to fully stroking his cock through his jeans. Nick moaned slightly Ashley leaned forward "Do you like that?" She asked in a seductive purr.
"I do." Nick breathed heavily; he couldn't believe how good it felt. He shut his eyes for a moment but they shot open as he felt the zipper on his pants move. "What are you-" He started to ask but Ashley leaved forward silenced him with a deep kiss. As their months were interlocked she undid his button. Nick looked around frantically but no one was looking towards them.
Ash brought his attention back to her as she gave his ass a little slap, something she would do when she wanted him to move his ass out of the way or for her to help him remove his pants. He lifted up his legs still a tad worried but lust overcame restraint.
Slowly she pulled on his jeans until they were lower around his knees. Ashley returned her head to his shoulder as she played with his dick. First over his black boxers, she would slowly rub around his dick and sometimes even place it her hand full around but then she placed her hand under them. It was heavenly.
Nick tried to look around but it felt "So fucking good." He snapped his mouth shut when he realized he moaned his last thoughts. Ashley giggled, as if he had encouraged her she started to speed up her exploration.
"If that is good," She cooed, pulling down his boxers his showing his throbbing cock to her. "Then perhaps you would like this." Nick didn't know what that meant until she moved her head downward. She kissed the tip of his cock before slowly taking the whole thing into her mouth. Nick looked around pleadingly, hoping none could see her head but as it started to bob his problems disappeared.
It was soft, warm and moist. She moved slowly back up, licking the tip to the root of his dick before taking it back into her mouth. Her hand moved to his balls as her head bobbed up and down rapidly sucking all the while. She gave him a gentle squeeze and Nick moaned, like an artist hearing appreciation for her work she smiled as she continued. Nick was unable to concentrate on anything save the feeling of the blow job. His head leaned back as he moaned some more, never had he felt this before. Every so often she would suck on the tip of his head and a shiver would come down his spine.
Ashley moved slowly around licking his dick and then taking in back into her mouth as her hand moved around to rub his ass. He could feel the back of her throat as she shoved it deeper and deeper. She sucked back to the tip and looked up with a grin proud of herself. Nick was unable to speak as she quickly returned to work. The hand came up and started to stroke the base while she sucked on the tip. Nick moved and moaned uncontrollably as Ashley moved away. She even made him jump out of his skin as she moved even lower and sucked on his left nut. It was a little painful but it only added to the simulation of it all. Ashley started to really work now, sucking his tip half way to her hand as she jerked Nick off.
Nick's eyes shot open as the realization of what was about to happen hit him. He tried to speak but his words were caught into a moan. He tried again a moment later able to give out "Babe... going...cum!" Ashley looked up for a moment before returning to work, taking his dick into her mouth fully, then moving up and down with it in the full length of his cock. Nick was unable to control it anymore, the way it felt and the how she looked into his eyes was too much for him. He moaned as he came into her mouth, he could feel the spurts of seamen going from his cock into her throat. He was shaking for a moment he was unable to control himself. "Holy fuck!" He barely managed between his moans.
Then with his cock still inside her mouth Nick felt Ash swallow. A set of shivers went down his spine as she sucked on it a moment longer. She released and moved towards their pop bottles and took a large gulp. He took a minute to recover before pulling up his jeans slowly; it was so tender he felt a spasm of pleasure as he pulled zipped himself up.
Nick kissed her deeply once she returned "Did you like that?" She asked playfully returning to his shoulder, Nick shivered again as another wave shot through his body.
"It was fucking unreal!" He replied with no exaggeration.
Ashley smiled as she opened the door "Come on" She said with a wink. Nick required no further explanation. He did take a quick look around, not a soul to be seen. He entered the back seat stealthily and once he shut the door he jumped her, bringing his mouth to hers. She sighed as he laid her out on the seat; it was tight but so hot! Ashley opened her legs a little; Nick moved his hands slowly down her leg until he reached her panties. Already wet with anticipation Nick grinned as she slowly rubbed her, Ashley's breathing increased as he moved more rapidly. She moved down her hand down to his crouch that was already hardening once again. Nick grabbed it and pinned it over head. "It's my turn to explore."
"Oh my!" She said playfully, fully intending to sound like a started maiden. Nick mounted over her, his hand that held her arms slowly came down along her arm until it reached her breasts. Felt her tit through her shirt, already Nick could feel his blood flowing. She moaned softly as he kissed along her neck. Then as his mouth moved up along her face until he reached her lips. She kissed him deeply as his other hand started to explore.
Feeling a little need for revenge Nick's hand moved down along her body until he reached her legs. He could hear her breathing increase slightly as his hand moved into the inner thigh. He grinned to himself upon hearing a gasp escape her lips. He moved along her smooth legs as his other hand maintained on her breast using his legs and her body for support as their lips remained locked.
After a few long joyful moments of making out and exploring his still clothed girlfriend Nick finally started to work off her clothes; starting with her shirt. Intending to fonder Ash through her black skimpy bra Nick found himself unable upon looking at the flesh that was only a taste of what she held. More reluctant at being removed than her shirt the bra was proving resourceful. Ash grinned as she repositioned herself to allow Nick to move behind her to unhook the fabric that lay between him and his prize.
Once she slipped out of the bra her breasts moved outwards a little, but still remained upright. Just a little larger than his hand Nick stared at the pair of beautiful artwork before him a moment before he went to work. Her pale skin was soft and smooth as he kissed his way down to her breasts. She moaned softly as he worked his way down to her left breast finally reaching the nipple.
Licking around one of her nipples as his free hand worked her second breast. Ashley moaned as Nick bit down slightly on her nipple and sucked it into his mouth. Ashley opened her legs a little more, allowing Nick to reach in behind her soaked panties. He could smell her now, that light sexual sent. Nick's hand slowly moved down her bare chest lingering for just a moment at the bottom of her tit. Then his fingers moved along her stomach playful tracing along her belly button until he reached the skirt. Then he moved his hands over his panties again.
Nick moved on top of her, caressing her breasts with one hand while he bit softly into her neck. He slowly moved his left hand downward, his eyes shot open in surprise. She had shaven herself! She laughed softly in his ear, a noise silenced as he started to move around her mount remembering his body by touch. She moaned slightly as he rubbed her along her clit. She moved up and down with every motion of his finger, slowly he worked his way inside her. She gasped in pleasure as he moved slowly forwards. Once it was inside he twisted slowly before working the finger in and out. She grabbed his head and kissed him deeply, her teeth bite loving onto his lip. Nick moved faster as he kissed her neck then to her perfect breasts again, all the while his finger moved inside her. "Fuck me!" She cried in pleasure, Nick didn't need to be asked twice.
He slowly worked his way on top of her from the bottom of the car. It was cramped but he honestly as starting to really enjoy himself now; the idea of being caught at any moment was only adding to the simulation. His clothes came off rapidly with the aid of Ash who nearly tore the shirt from his back. Nick looked at the movie once he was fully naked, same chilkflicky shit.
He grinned as he moved over her once again. This time as his hands didn't go to her body but removed her panties in one, fluid motion. They ended up on the bottom between the seats as worked her leg over to the side and bent his cock into position. Normally he would kiss her lovingly and slowly work his way in as he fondled her tits but tonight he wanted to surprise her so once he moved his dick into the right place he thrust forward shoving the whole length inside. Ashley half moaned have cried, Nick paused wondering if he had hurt her but her leg moved over his ass telling him to move more. Nick removed it slowly, teasing her once more and thrust again hard into her body to receive another moan of pleasure. Ashley breathed "Stop... teasing me... you bad... boy!"
Nick grinned as he leaned forward and started to thrust with his hips, slowly at first but as he increased in speed the moans grew louder. "Oh god, Oh GOD!" She moaned repeatedly, Nick thrust harder really getting into the motion. The skirt hid little as it raised up over onto her belly, his dick moved smoothly lubricated by her juices. They weren't trying to be loud however they were unable to control themselves in the grip of such erotic pleasure. Her tits were moving up and down at pace to his body; Nick watched them gleefully as he pounded away. "Oh baby, oh Nick." She breathed into his ear when he bent over to kiss her. "It feels so good."
Nick kissed her once more before he grabbed her hips and started to thrust harder, trying to bring his full length out before thrusting it back in. Ash moaned as her mouth opened like a fish out of water, she shuttered as it went on. Nick took his cock out, checking how wet his balls had come. Ash looked at him questioningly before Nick turned her around. "You're a bad girl!" He said "I'm going to take you like one!"
Ash laughed softly, nodding with anticipation. He got a good view of her ass as she turned herself around. It was small, curved and all his. He gave it a quick squeeze as she moved. "Hey now." She laughed. As she moved to her knees she said enticingly, "Oh god yes, fuck me like a bad gri-" She was unable to finish the sentence as Nick grabbed her hips and thrust his dick into her again. Nick's thrusts were slower to keep his dick in there, but Ashley didn't seem to mind. The motion of their movements increased the roll of the car but in the heat of passion neither gave a damn.
This was when she came for the first time as he pounded away at the back of the car. He could feel her body shutter before him and she gave a slight crying moan. "Holy fuck!" She whispered but yet he still thrust into her. As the throes of passion the orgasm took her strength Nick leaned forward and plowed her still. It was only when she moved her hands upwards to lean her back up against did he slow down once again.
Nick realized he had gone on for over twice the last time the fucked already. The idea thrilled him and he slapped Ash's ass, she moaned asking him to do it again. His dick came out once or twice during the few moments he pounded, every few moments slapping her ass. He could see her tits in the window, aimed down waving back in forth with his thrusts, he reached forward and grabbed them. Ash leaned back a little giving him easier access to them.
It was in one of those moments when Nick had leaned forward to feel her tits that his cock slipped out once again. "Wait," she said stopping him from taking him again. He helped her move forward as she turned around. "Sit down!" She ordered before sitting on top of him. He hadn't entered her, but he could feel the closeness of the bodies as hid dick lay between them. They made out for a few moments; he took turns between her breasts and her mouth. Her hand came down and started to play with the tip of his cock between their bodies. Nick shivered as she worked. Slowly his started to return the favour, unable to finger her in this position he did get some clit time before she shut her eyes and started to breath heavily again.
They sat beside each other for a few moments jacking the other off while their lips kissed and bit lovingly into the other's skin. Her hand wrapped around his cock and Nick knew that he was going to come soon. So he fought fire with fire and flicked his finger intensely around her clit. She winced in pleasure and breathed down into his neck and her hand slow down. She removed his hand and looked lovingly into his eyes.
"You bad boy!" She teased as she moved up, taking his dick in her hand and guided it inside her. It entered smoothly as she lowered herself onto his cock. She shut her eyes as she kissed him. Slowly she moved up and down, each time sending a wave of pleasure through his body. Nick grabbed her hips and helped her as she rose up and down. Slowly once they understood the boundaries she moved faster, her tits started to jump up and down as she moved. Nick kissed her hard on the neck biting softly she moaned with pleasure.
Nick thrust up into her causing a gasp as he moved into rhythm with her. They moved together as one, he could feel her coming again. Nick moved up and down, he could feel himself on the brink. He tried to move Ashley off him but she clung on to him as she orgasmed. Both the feeling and knowledge of her coming again on him drove him over the edge.
Unable to remove her Nick came inside her again, this time he could fell himself filling her up with his seed. Nick shook as he breathed heavily; he couldn't believe what they just did. For a few moments they sat like that, naked in each others arms, Nick's manhood still within her. He slowly moved his hands around her ass, feeling the crack and squeezing it gently before moving for one last time on her breasts. Each one had a moment of attention, until he finally kissed her as both had stopped their spasms. It was now when she slowly got up from him and landed into the other seat.
Slowly he reached for his clothes and moved stealthily into the driver's seat. He could feel the cool night air on his wet skin but kept the windows open to air out the car. A few moments later a fully dressed Ash joined him, just as sweaty and weak as him. "That was fucking hot!" She said as she kissed his ear. Nick smiled to himself as they watched the rest of the movie, Ash rubbed his leg more but never moved on from that. The movie finished not long after, and she was right, it was a happy ending.