©PennameWombat November 2021
The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
This story is my entry for the LiteroticaAI Era 2021event. Some characters and the bots here (not a spoiler, they're mentioned in the title after all) had cameos in myValentine's Day 2021contest entry "Sex, Toys & Bots: A Valentine's Tale" in the Group Sex category. That said, this story is entirely self-contained and can be fully enjoyed without reading that earlier story.
Of course, if you do want to check it out I won't complain. This story takes place in a shared universe with many of my other stories but again no familiarity with those is assumed or needed to enjoy this one. But if you are intrigued, you'll find them by clicking on my name.
Tags: AI Era, Anal sex, Artificial intelligence, Blow job, Exhibitionist, Facial, Futa, Girl on girl, Public sex, Robots
*****
The August Budget Meeting
The pressure of Viv's tongue against it caused the bulbous glans at the end of the prick to deflect as she traced two circuits around it. Unlike her tongue's target, her hand wrapped around a shaft with no give in it, whether it was actually iron was not easy to dismiss. The body the cock was attached to jumped slightly from its prone position on the bed as she moved past teasing and sucked half of it into her mouth with a fast push of her head and her teeth gave the edges of that large end of the prick the slightest scrape as they went past. She didn't dislike uncircumcized cocks but she had her preference, and she loved that the contrast of the dark red of the head against his olive skin was always visible. At least, when this beautiful prick wasn't in her mouth. Or her pussy. Or her ass.
She stifled the slightest laugh as the cock's owner grunted at that scrape. But it was her turn to grunt as a hand responded and grabbed a mass of her loose hair and with a half twist pulled it and used the resultant fist to 'encourage' himself deeper into her throat. She worked a quick breath through her nose and her lips pushed her hand away as she obeyed his instruction.
She'd been a diligent student at the art of sucking cock. She tightened her cheeks against it and her throat vibrated against that head, her favorite part of it. But it'd only been recently that she'd again been... in the mood... well and truly in the mood... to fully deploy the skills she'd honed. Her mouth and throat rippled as she sucked hard, his hairless pubic wall offered nothing that tickled her nose. Her lips worked around the base before she pulled back to expose a third of the shaft and pushed back down. The fist pulled her hair more tightly, her hands went along the outside of each solid thigh and ensured his ass couldn't lift from the sheet. She let the fist push her to again fully swallow him.
Then she pushed her head forcefully backwards but only until her lips wrapped the shaft where it became that delicious swelling that was at the end. Her tongue swirled fast and hard around it and she heard the groans. She used her weight and toned arms to keep him in place.
Not that he seemed to have any intention to leave!
"Aaahhh... Vivian, baby, sooo... feels... so good," she heard the slow, slurred near-baritone and her lips flashed into a smile she knew he couldn't see.
His hand that didn't hold a hank of hair found and rubbed her back, its path eased by sweat. Another thing he never seemed to mind!
But, enough was enough. As much as she enjoyed edging this cock, her jaw was getting sore. She wanted her reward.
She'd never been shy about swallowing, had rarely been bothered by the taste of a man's cum. But this one's... was nice and tasty. She wanted it. And she'd learned how to get it right when she wanted it.
Her left hand found its way back to the base of the cock and started a slow stroking of it as she sucked half of the full cock into her mouth and tightened her lips and cheeks on it. The speed of her head's movements was upped a fraction with each subsequent stroke and her hand used the ample saliva that ran down the prick to lubricate its stroking, which gained speed in concert with her sucking. He released her hair and lightly rubbed her shoulder and back, encouraged but didn't guide her.
She felt his tell. Spasmodic twitches of his hips. Knew her task was near its end. She had plans for after. Oh, yes, she had plans. She sucked, her hair bounced and she heard guttural sounds that escalated in concert with her efforts.
"Ah... fu... I'm going to blow the back of your head off," his voice was strained and wavered and after the sudden burst of lucidity his voice devolved first into sounds that were almost words before even that was lost. Moans. Grunts. And sounds more primitive.
She stopped just short as she felt the wave. Even she couldn't prevent his body arcing as his back and legs clenched.
It didn't blow the back of her head off. But she wasn't sure how. Hot, only slightly salty, gooey liquid gushed. Her throat had heeded the warnings and was prepared. She swallowed. Her slurps and grunts joined his moans that had become almost rhythmic. She pulled back to ensure the subsequent and slower deliveries of her unusually tasty treat landed on her tongue and she savored it before it too was swallowed.
Finally, she pulled her head back, opened her eyes and looked up. Blue eyes that edged toward violet returned the gaze. She flipped to lie alongside him.
"Made me work for that, so kiss me, asshole," her tone was softer than the words, slow and slightly slurred. The man wriggled and braced on one elbow to place his face above hers. He readily kissed her, for a moment their mouths were nearly closed but she guided them open. Her tongue that still had the taste of her lover's ejaculate met its compatriot as a second tongue entered her mouth and its tip ran against the top of hers.
His free hand started at her left hip before it slid along sweat-slackened skin over abs that were one of her prides. Her hips were broad enough, but her stomach was flat, she didn't aim for bulk. Let her parents carp about it, but she enjoyed showing flesh and she felt the firmness allowed her to do that freely. She exhaled hard into the other mouth when the wandering hand first cupped her left breast before thumb and forefinger found the nipple, seemingly already as erect as it could get.
But his twisting fingers put that thought to the sword. After a moment she pressed her mouth hard and her tongue's passivity ended as it slammed the other against the top of her mouth. Rather than direct retaliation, he tightened his fingers. When she huffed, his tongue took its opportunity to advance. Forced into defensive action, her tongue's options were limited. She reached with intent but he shuffled his taller body to keep her target out of reach.
Asshole!
Her breath was forced through her nose and she inhaled and exhaled in bursts. He offered a laugh that was more vibration than sound as not any of his lips, tongue or fingers relented. She squirmed. Her nipple might be ready to explode! She knew she was rare, a lover who could work her tits, or even just one of them, JUST RIGHT, could make her blow without touching her below the waist. A couple of past male lovers had managed it, but it'd apparently been luck and they'd not repeated the feat. As a percentage, women had a higher percentage of discovery, but they weren't meant to be around long term. This one, on the other hand... discovery made, he could repeat at will.
At some other time... she might let him continue.
With every bit of force her jaw, throat and mouth could muster, her tongue pushed its opponent back from the territory it'd conquered. At the same time her hand, having failed at its original aim, grabbed his wrist. Her neck flexed and she pushed his head away and separated their mouths. She forced his fingers to loosen. She desperately wanted her climax. But not this way.
"Fuck me...," her borderline soprano had deepened, roughened, and her eyes bore into his, "I know it's already hard again. I want it in my cunt. Now."
His face went into a predatory smile. He released her nipple and she released her wrist, their eyes remained locked.
Her wristpad on her left arm let out a sound. She blinked. After an instant of silence it repeated. With a near-infinite number of ring tones available, for this number she'd chosen a classic, twentieth century wall phone 'hammer hitting two bells' near-clang although the tiny speaker didn't do it justice.
"What the...," she managed, a third ring sounded as she fought down the immediate anger and frustration. It was the Wednesday of the third week of August. It was 2:45 in the afternoon. She was... technically... at work. And at 3:00 p.m. they had the Fall budget update call. She'd sent her contribution before lunch.
"Aaahhh...," she offered as a grunt, before she took a quick breath and in the middle of the fourth ring she spoke, "Sluggo, speaker on."
"Hey, Warren," she said.
"Viv, hey, you okay? You sound a bit... out of breath?" Without her earbuds the wristpad's speaker gave him a tinny sound.
"Yeah, fine. Budget stuff... taking out my frustrations on the stair stepper," she added a laugh at the end. Her eyes caught indigo irises that had amused crinkles around the edges of both eyes. A hollow laugh sounded from her wrist.
"Try it from my side," his voice had its own tinge of frustration, "Marie will be joining us at 3:30, just letting you know. Not my idea... just warning everyone. And you know me, I'm old fashioned, still like my voice calls!"
Viv's mouth went tight for a moment. "No worries, Warren, thanks. I'll do all my screaming first half hour. Then, best behavior."
"I'll let you go. Talk in a bit," Warren said and disconnected.
Viv looked her lover in the eyes. "Sluggo, fourteen minute timer, then thirty seconds. Start now."
"Fourteen minutes, boss lady, then thirty seconds," the wristpad confirmed.
"Now," she licked her lips, "I hope you haven't... HEY!"
She yelped as he'd risen to his knees and in almost the same movement reached under her shoulders and lower back and lifted her into the air over him as her rolled. She landed on her back and bounced in the middle of the king size mattress flexed and rippled. Then he was above her, his legs smoothly nudged hers just before she reacted to splay them out of the way and the bed bounced as he landed on his knees between her open legs. Their eyes stayed locked. She wasn't what anyone would call petite in height, and she didn't require a taller lover, but that he was such, and just enough to easily provide THIS angle was yet another puzzle piece perfectly fitted. That he was also strong enough to do what he'd just done and flip them...
"Sluggo, time check," she said.
"Thirteen minutes, forty nine seconds," from her wrist.
"Think you can last that long?" She said to the body that loomed above her.
"To the second," his back adjusted its position and she felt that perfect head nestle between her labia. Where it paused.
She was wet. The time for foreplay had ended.
"What? I just take your word for it?" She'd just managed the words when her mouth locked slightly open and widened as the invader entered her body. She put her arms around his shoulders.
His pubic bone met her clit at the same time that malleable head nestled into soft folds within her flesh. She grunted as their eyes stayed locked. How he so perfectly fit her...
She was almost disappointed when the twin pressures relented and he pulled back. But that faded quickly when his prick's full penetration was repeated. Just that touch harder.
"That the best you can do?"
Her mouth opened in a smile as his next stroke was fast. But he didn't slam blindly, with his impressive strength he stopped his thrust at full depth to hit his targets with near-perfect force.
He gained speed as they fucked, but he stayed below what she knew was his full speed. He varied his thrusts and pressed upward. She liked that. He hit her clit and pushed against the hard flesh at the top of her pussy. Her breathing went even more ragged. She panted as she pressed her heels against the mattress and flexed her back to thrust against him. Grunts as the added force against her clit caused her eyelids to move to slits. Wet sounds added to hard inhales and exhales, grunts and moans.
"Sluggo, time check," she croaked.
"Seven minutes, twelve seconds."
She smiled and with a hard push launched both legs from the bed to wrap them around his hips. Her arms tightened their embrace of her shoulders. She forced herself hard and the bodies met with intense force.
"Aaahh... oh... FUCK," she screamed. He forced himself back and slammed hard into her again. Loud squelching sounds as her climax forced a flood of liquid into space already occupied by an invading force. Liquid gushed out as that force pushed itself deeper into that space.
They had seven minutes. She knew she was a greedy bitch. Could she manage one orgasm a minute between now and then?
She neared her sixth climax as the muscles of her back, her hips, her ass, her thighs, even her arms and shoulders screamed at her, their lactic acid overload neared critical but the brute who still fucked her gave no quarter. She'd given and would give none back. His head was next to hers and her throat burned, her lungs no longer capable of supplying the oxygen her exertions demanded. But. One more. One more hill to climb, one more peak to reach. She'd reach it. Sweat poured from every pore. The thin hair on his muscular chest teased her nipples, that, and the pressure of those pecs kept them at their own fever pitches. The sheet was a lost cause, the mattress protector possibly done for as well. She pumped her hips and he pistoned in and out of her, varied his angles of thrust as he'd done for almost fourteen minutes. She hadn't bothered with more time checks, had simply taken every orgasm as they came. But she'd not hit seven. Not this time.
He sped. Her pussy squeezed at his cock, desperate for a final release, liquids thick and thin flowed freely and splashed across four thighs and the sheet.
She felt it. Knew that... if he just. His body shivered, it started in his legs and shoulders and waves raced.
They met and almost beyond credence his cock grew. She almost winced as he pulled it back and it pressed against every nerve she had as he simultaneously thrust it once more deep into her body and with that a powerful spray forced its way into an opening already beyond capacity. If his previous climax had been impressive, this one was beyond belief.
She screamed, held nothing back. He'd somehow known just when to push in and up just the right way as he came. If she'd been capable of thought at that moment she'd've wondered what her neighbors might think.
But those parts of her brain had shut down.
She screamed a second time and wrapped her arms and legs as tightly as she could. Another hard thrust pushed goo with a loud squelch followed by audible hits when it hit legs and the bed. She had to stop him. She'd not survive another thrust. She knew she wanted to die like this.
Just not yet.
"Time's up... time's up... time's up," it was her mood-killing wrist.
Shut up, Sluggo," she said without opening her eyes before she turned her head so her mouth was next to his ear and whispered, "finished."
He slowed but continued until his body pressed against her, his cock at full penetration, where he stopped. She felt it spasm twice as it forced yet more cum into her.
Her body sagged. Her legs dropped to the bed on either side of his. Her breath was choppy and arrhythmic.
"Thirty seconds," fucking jumped-up wristwatch, she thought.
"Get off me," her voice was hoarse, it was more of a groan, but she welcomed his quick kiss as he gently withdrew his slightly softened prick and she winced as it completed its exit. With a deft flip he landed on the bed to her right and the mattress bounced. She used that as momentum to sit up, his left hand pressed between her shoulder blades and braced her. She twisted and bent and kissed him quickly on the lips.
"Gotta run, big boy, keep yourself warm, I'm just gettin' started," she smiled quickly at him then spun on her ass and stood.
Fortunately he'd bounced over to her side of the bed as she wavered once on her feet and let his gentle touches on her hips steady her.
"Wooh," she said and wondered if she could back up the boast she'd just made, "thanks."
He looked up at her, nodded and smiled but she got her balance with a deep breath. Depending on your view, the room reeked or it was splendid. Ah well, not like she had a roommate who'd care.
She looked over the bed and saw herself in the dressing table mirror. Shit. A comment she'd received during the Valentine's week show a few months ago in Chicago had led her to let her hair grow out, she'd liked it long in her college days but hadn't worn it that way for years. She'd surprised the rest of Margaret's crew at the Vegas show in June, only one had known the younger her and of the rest she rarely saw most between shows and only a handful of the rotating cast of a hundred or so of them lived nearby or were acquaintances she'd meet up with in person or via video chats. It had seemed a lucky premonition, the lover who looked at her liked it this way. But right now it was... uncontrolled.
In mere seconds she had to be on video with seven other people. And they'd all be expected to have their video on. Especially once that bitch Marie joined... Well. She didn't have her earbuds in so she'd use the headphones. They'd offer at least a bit of camouflage. But also... She looked around.
She saw the top. It was white, a cross between a running bra and a cottony crop top that offered clear views of her dark nipples. As she intended it to. She hadn't lied to Warren, not exactly, she had been on her stepper. But, a few hours ago, not when he'd called, thirty minutes of hard climbing preceded and followed by her lover guiding and forcing her through stretches. She'd worn the top for support during the workout but had only her shoes on otherwise. He'd been naked the whole time. She preferred their workouts that way, it kept her inspired. She had a variety of tops in this style and wore them regularly for outdoor workouts, although most were various colors that obscured without blocking the view. If only they could entirely replicate today's choices when outside.
He'd shopped and last night's dinner had been a slow-roasted brisket he'd spent the day working on while she'd worked, served with a panoply of vegetables. Even with a splurge like this new 'beef,' grown in a vat but as tasty as any ripped from a cow, her diet had improved since he'd been around, mostly due to his willingness and patience to shop and ability to cook, her kitchen had previously been mainly decorative as opposed to a functioning room and little beyond the coffee maker and microwave showed signs of more than cursory use. He'd even made some sort of sauce, it had mustard... but other things too... and had been beyond delicious.
She'd chosen this condo deep in the urban jungle because it was in the middle of things. Little restaurants and cafes abounded. She wondered if more than one proprietor wondered where a certain brunette had disappeared to... She'd depended on them, had often been accompanied but had never had qualms about dining out on her own. They'd been the watering holes she'd employed in pursuit of the other reason she loved the area, the teeming herds of the twenty-fives to forty-fives, mostly men but hey, why be strict about THAT, who were her preferred prey. But now. When the restaurants did see her on the rarer occasions, it wasn't as the huntress chasing or devouring prey but as a woman accompanied.
Then today he'd fixed them lunch; he'd packaged up last night's leftovers in various ways, fridge and freezer, and implied he had plans for all of it. Thinly-sliced on fresh sourdough with a fresh salad was today's lunch, prepped while she did some cool-down stretches.
The completion and dispatch of her work in the morning had allowed them the workout time, but that workout and his diligence to satisfyingly feed her and his nakedness had all... it'd all made her horny as hell. And not to make him a stereotype, but to say that he was ready to fuck anytime and all the time was undeniable. Men always said they wanted a woman like that too, but when confronted with one, not all could handle her. But this one...
That'd been two hours ago. She picked up the top, glanced past her closet. Then she saw it. On the back of the chair at the dressing table.
"Play with this," she tossed the top as she walked and he caught it where he sat cross-legged on the bed. She pulled her casual jacket on. It was due for the dry cleaning pile so the fact she was soaked with sweat didn't bother her. So long as she didn't stand up she knew she could adjust her camera's view to display her no lower than her upper chest. They'd see the jacket and just the topmost bit of the rounded flesh she regularly displayed. She'd always made clear that if anyone objected to her showing cleavage, they and the horse they'd rode in on could go fuck each other. It'd suffice.
Something caught her eyes. She smiled. Five inch heels, dark grey to match the jacket, closed toes. She slipped them onto her feet. NOW she felt ready for work.
She'd often worn this jacket and these heels to one of her company's offices or partner locations, but never ONLY the jacket and heels. Maybe next time. She liked the way the lining rubbed against her overstimulated nipples, she guessed it'd keep her alert, if slightly distracted. She wasn't one for casual shoes and flats, hewed to trainers or heels, not much in between.
"Hey," she said to the figure on the bed, "would I win the bet if I said you've already planned and bought what you're fixing us for dinner?"
"You would," he said simply.
"Will anything go bad if we don't use it?"
His expression took a moment to become a smile. "No."
"Good. We're goin' out. Wanna show you off some more. I'd normally just boast in the blog about fucking all afternoon... but, well," she shrugged, "if someone at work puts two and two together. Dinner and drinks, I can fuzz around it."
She blew him a kiss and turned to walk to her workstation. But she detoured quickly into the bathroom and grabbed a towel.
She was a mess. She dripped and oozed and sweated. Her work chair had been expensive and fitted to her. She walked into the large space that was a combination living room, dining room and kitchen where she had her workstation on a table in a corner, a bookshelf against the wall held books for work and pleasure and other items. She placed the towel and sat on it and grabbed the mouse. She smiled. Warren was late initiating the call, which meant she was On Time. She put her headphones on and used them to semi-tame her hair as she looked at her own image in the little window, nudged the camera down to show the full swells of each breast in her jacket's gap, smiled, then nudged it up until the slightest roundness showed. The view topped out at the top of the headphones, which hid the wildest strands of hair. The call came active and eight people appeared in little, square windows.
"Sorry I'm a bit late," Warren said breathlessly, "I see everyone's here. Let's not waste time with Marie coming."
A soft beep in her ear as Warren spoke. A small window had appeared in the upper right corner of her monitor. The messaging app, the icon indicated one on one.
"Lachlan's there," a statement, not a question, from her work husband. She loved him. He was irredeemably gay but he loved her back. Theirs wasn't a toxic workplace, but there were folks like Jerry who weren't evil but his borderline incompetence was paired with an unerring nose that found talented people to 'use.' Knowledge in hand, he could be handled. He wasn't unique. But there were also the Maries. Only one of them named that, few in number, mixed in gender, but dangerous. Viv kept an eye on Robby's back and she knew he returned the favor.
The only downside was the thousand miles that made casual meetings difficult. Their 'office' was virtual so none of their immediate coworkers were physically close to any others, no one had advantage or disadvantage on that basis. But in the last year she'd have wished for a few more opportunities to bend his ear over glasses of wine in a dimly-lit bar. Opening a bottle of Cab-Sav and sitting on the sofa with her laptop just wasn't the same, no matter what the nerds who'd changed the world claimed. But thoughts about that tech now wasn't something she felt like dwelling on at the moment.
"Ok," Warren said, "Jerry, start." Jerry's monotone was immediate.
She typed. "That obvious?"
"He musta worked you over sumthin fierce," she sniffed slightly at the eggplant emoji in the message window, "hair's a mess. But, your smile. If you're not careful Jerry might think it's 'cuz of him."
Shit. That wasn't good. Full on poker face time. She saw Robby's own poker face in his video square and wondered if anyone else noticed the rapid wink and the instant where the corners of his mouth had quirked up. Not likely they'd make much of it.
"Better," the window with his newest message displayed, followed by a smiley this time, followed by "u wearing anything but that jacket and the headphones?"
She inserted a 'high heels' emoji. Pressed send.
She received a face with the eyes 'X'ed out and its mouth a circle. Sent back one that offered a tongue and squinting eyes.
At that moment Lachlan entered her view, she saw him beyond the monitor. He was naked. His ridiculous cock was hard again and bounced in front of him. He turned his head, put his finger to his lips and smiled. She glanced down, she was indeed muted, looked up and nodded. Jerry droned on.
She watched Lachlan go into the kitchen where he pulled a glass from the cupboard, then he used the fridge dispenser to fill it halfway with ice. He opened the fridge and pulled out a bottle of her favorite 'grape' sports drink, opened it and filled the glass with a 50-50 mix of it and water. Just how she liked it. He turned and walked toward her.
He stayed out of camera angle and set the glass on a coaster on her table and made his erection twitch. Asshole. Her mouth quirked to a smile before she nodded at him then she grabbed the glass and didn't care what people saw as she took a long and desperate drink. Still out of camera view he reached and accepted the glass back as she tried to keep her poker face for her viewers. He mixed the last of the sports drink with water and refilled the glass and set it on the coaster near her. Then he stood behind her screen and stuck the tip of his tongue out for a moment. She raised an eyebrow at him.
"I'll clean you," he said softly then dropped to his knees. It took her a moment to process it.
Oh... shit. She liked this table, with this chair it was the perfect height for her to sit and reach everything and keep her feet on the floor and she didn't really need a desk with drawers and all that crap, deep in the corner behind her she had a locking filing cabinet for what needed to be secured. He shuffled under the table. Oh, shit, was this happening? Jerry had handed the speaking baton to Gwen. It'd be her turn next.
Yes.
She slid her ass, used the towel to allow her to move slightly forward. He nudged her legs apart by kissing and licking each upper thigh with its heavy coating of sweat and cum before he kissed her tortured, overly-stimulated clit with the softest, slowest, most sensual kiss she'd ever felt. Lachlan moved and his tongue traced the length of her slit from bottom to top as he collected juices with soft sucks. As much his juices as hers.
She hoped her shiver wasn't visible but her mouth flashed open before she clamped her jaws to restore her poker face. Had anyone noticed? Gwen's too-young for her voice with its oddly earnest tone continued with no appreciable stumble and the other faces carried their own interpretations of interested boredom but a giant tongue emoji popped up in Robby's message window. Bastard.
She quickly sent him a flamingo standing on one leg. He'd get it.
Her eyes darted hard to her left. The large, open space ended there with a sliding glass door that led to a balcony that ran the length of her condo and overlooked the street, windows above the sink and counter allowed food and drink to be passed directly from the kitchen. The slider's curtains were pulled wide as the summer sun's path ran along the street below so it didn't blaze directly into her place. For a moment she wondered if anyone in the condo building across the street might've noticed the attractive and well-built brunette who tended to wear few clothes when at home... or on her balcony... and that her guests were expected to follow suit? The thought and Lachlan's tongue's touch sent another shiver which caused the jacket to rub against her nipples. She fought down the moan but her eyes went to slits for an instant before she recovered her poker face.
In fifteen minutes mega-bitch Marie, the Tyrannosaurus Sexless of Cretaceous Cockblock Land, would be joining their call. If only that unfortunately-not-extinct walking nightmare and her dried and desperate pussy could have the treatment Vivian had just spent two hours getting, and the slow, soft, tender treatment she was getting Right Now, maybe she'd actually be tolerable for a while.
But if that cunt, or ANY other woman, had ANY thought they'd be getting anywhere near Lachlan... they'd better have their funeral already paid for. Viv would make sure they'd be needing one.
She exhaled slowly. Right now she had to give an update on next year's budget plan for international marketing. She took another deep and slow breath and rested one hand on the mouse and the other to caress and encourage the head that held the mouth that caused her body to tingle. The jacket's lining again rubbed against nipples that cried out 'pay attention to US!' Damn. Maybe she should've just worn the halter! Or nothing at all...
On the other hand, she could get used to this. No wonder people who worked from home had higher job satisfaction.
"Okay," Gwen's words through her headphones, "Viv, handing off to you!"
Viv tapped the mouse button and unmuted herself. At the same time she pressed the back of Lachlan's head.
St. Valentine's Day... Almost
"Hey, Vivian," she turned at the husky voice from behind her, "when ya gonna let me bury my face between those hot thighs of yours?"
"If you think you can handle me, Aleisha," Viv's response to the two women who approached was like syrup, "I'll spread 'em tonight."
She put her right hand on her hip before she ran her tongue along each lip. Aleisha pushed the tip of her tongue out and curled it upwards slowly.
"Keep it in your pants, horn dogs," Gina said and elbowed Aleisha gently, "sounds like we all might be too busy next few days."
The three women met and Viv gave Gina a quick kiss before she embraced Aleisha and kissed her. It started with both mouths closed but the latter upped the ante by opening both sets of lips. Viv reached down and pulled the other woman's short skirt up and exposed bare, ebony ass cheeks. Aleisha huffed into Viv's mouth and responded in kind to expose nicely browned skin with no apparent tan lines.
"I said, save it," Gina said with an amused tone as she pushed her hands between the two at chest level and cupped a braless breast on each chest, the thin fabric of their tight tank tops hid little. The two dropped skirts and separated as they laughed before they grabbed Gina from each side and kissed her cheeks and exposed her bare ass, her skin a bit lighter than Viv's.
"Argh," Gina moaned, "icky girl saliva!"
"You like girl kisses," Viv purred. Aleisha added an 'uh-huh' sound and a second kiss with a sloppy smack on Gina's right cheek.
"It's not you're girls, it's you two are icky!"
"And you're such a slut," Viv kept her purr, "not wearing anything under this tiny skirt."
"None of us have underwear," Gina said and her face went into a broad smile, "you whores."
All three laughed as they separated.
"Okay, so...," Aleisha said, "where the fuck is this room W475?"
She and Viv both looked at Gina, who scrunched her eyes in response.
"Why do you think I know where it is?"
"Because you're the smart one?" Viv's winked. Gina snorted.
"You," Gina pointed at Viv then at Aleisha, "head international marketing for some fancy ass hotel company. And you're a freakin' lawyer! I'm a librarian at a community college."
"I'm not head...," Viv said.
"Those are all BOR... ING," Aleisha interjected, "that's why we're Margaret's booth babes at McCormick Place for a sex toy show in the middle of winter in Chicago!"
"Why the hell do they do these shows in Chicago in freaking February and Las Vegas in June," Viv agreed, "froze my tits off getting here this morning. Other way round would be smarter!"
"New York in October's usually nice. Fortunately they keep it warm in here for the show, but your nipples definitely noticed the chill in the skyway, mine too," Aleisha's voice started husky then softened, "but, Gina, we counted on you getting us... wherever the hell this room is for whatever the hell we're doing."
"Margaret told me 'just find Gina in the morning,'" Viv said, "well, you found me. Same same. Wouldn't tell me why I'm not working the floor."
"Me neither," Aleisha agreed, "she did say 'wear the day's clothes,' so I did."
She held up the front of her tiny skirt to flash dark but trimmed pubic hair then quickly let it drop, Viv stuck the tip of her tongue out and flipped it up and down. The three looked around, they were in a wide hallway on the far side of the skyway from the show floor in a neighboring building of the sprawling conference center on the shore of Lake Michigan
"So why us?" Viv asked. "Must be something shitty because she didn't send her pets like Rachel or Diana or that weird, new chick Riku!"
"I looked at the map, thought it was here," Gina said after she'd answered the question with a shrug, "all she gave me was a number. Just in case. Whatever it is, it's hush-hush."
Aleisha snuggled next to Viv and leaned against the taller woman's shoulder as they both looked at Gina with wide eyes. She glared at them before she tapped the blue wristpad on her right arm.
"Call Nada Lovelace," Gina said. Her wrist chimed.
"Who dat?" Viv asked.
"Dunno," Gina said, "name I was given. Oh, hey, Nada? This is Gina."
Gina's gaze went slightly unfocused. The usual expression during an ear bud phone call.
"Yeah, we're here. But we don't know where 'here' is," she paused, "yeah, we just came across the sky bridge from the South building, where the show floor is. Big open area. Neat paintings."
Viv reached over and caressed Aleisha's right breast with special attention given to coaxing the nipple to cause the thin fabric to bulge more.
"Okay, we'll stay here," Gina said, "end call. You two, break it up. Look at these awesome paintings on the walls!"
Gina shook her head at the stereo raspberries, then she spoke. "Someone's coming to get us. You'll frighten them!"
As the three looked around, Aleisha spoke. "Hey Gina, any MMA fights lately? I saw the one just before Christmas on U-Vision."
"I lost that one," Gina drawled.
"But you kicked some ass."
"Not enough ass," Gina said with a snapped laugh and strawberry blonde hair shook, "but I don't fight close to these shows. Not like I could cover up the bruises!"
"Might want to learn to fight before your next one," Viv said with a chuckle.
"Wanna try me out?" Gina said and tilted her head. Viv flicked the tip of her tongue up and down as they grinned at each other.
"Can it," Aleisha said and gestured with her head. Gina and Viv turned.
Two figures had emerged from ahead and to the left and walked toward the trio. The feminine one's clothes matched theirs, blue miniskirt and tight, white tank top. The masculine figure had thin and tight blue slacks with an impressive crotch bulge and a white, sleeveless shirt that showed off his well-formed pecs..
"Hot bods, Gina can only wish she had tits like that," Viv said and her target snorted, "got our uniforms on. But, I don't recognize..."
Her voice trailed off and she squinted slightly. Two voices hummed on each side of her.
"Odd walks," Aleisha said.
'They're not...," Gina's voice trailed off as Viv's had.
"You are Vivian, Virginia and Aleisha?" The voice wasn't quite smooth and wasn't quite baritone, but it was clearly male.
"Uh, yeah," Gina said. Her friends nodded.
"Nada sent us," the second voice feminine but only a fraction smoother, "we will take you."
The pair did quarter turns and smiled.
"You're, uh," Aleisha said, "um, not people."
"I am Ethan and this is Kaitlyn," the taller figure spoke and gestured and his companion nodded and smiled.
"Come," Kaitlyn added.
"Let's go," Viv said as she traded glances with her compatriots. Their guides turned and walked.
"Did Margaret say---," Aleisha said in a low voice but Gina interrupted.
"No, nothing."
"Two sweet asses," Viv said in the samesotto vocetone.
A left turn halfway along the wide space led to three long, side-by-side escalators that were each blocked by separate thick, red ropes strung on paired stanchions that stood on broad bases.
"Our apologies," Kaitlyn said as Ethan unhooked the end of a rope, "do you mind walking? We have a key to use an elevator. Our use of the fourth floor is a secret."
The three women glanced at each other and shrugged.
"Margaret likes it when we exercise," Viv said and waved her right arm forward, "lead on."
Kaitlyn climbed and Viv led the trio and once Gina had passed Ethan reattached the hook on the rope and brought up the rear.
"They do walk a bit odd, but nice ass," Aleisha whispered into Viv's ear as she leaned forward as they climbed, "no panties."
"They're part of, well, lack of them," Viv said brightly, "is part of our uniform. But I'm really impressed about the heels, as high as ours. Hell, lots of people can't walk in 'em."
Aleisha exhaled a huffed agreement. At the top of the escalator they continued along a hallway, on their left were walls and doors. To the right was a railing that overlooked the expanse they'd left behind.
"Hey," Aleisha said, "W473! Geez, Gina, why didn't you know where this was?"
"Yeah," Viv said, "we're not expected to know where we're going. You are!"
Gina's response was a low growl.
Their guides stopped at the fourth set of double doors and turned to look at their charges. They grabbed a door handle each and pulled both doors open.
"Please," said Kaitlyn, "after you."
"There're more," Viv said as she led them into a large space. Ahead of them were a variety of tables and chairs. The more interesting sight was closer, in the center of the large room, standing in a loose group and all dressed in the same blue and white as the new arrivals. Their skin colors ranged from paler than Gina's through ebony that matched Aleisha, masculine hair trimmed fashionably short on the sides and swept back, feminine hair loose to cover shoulders and flow onto backs. Both styles matched the general guidelines Margaret gave to her team although a couple of the feminine ones had hair that reached well down their backs.
"Hey, Viv," Aleisha said softly, "I saw that picture of you from college. Your hair long like those couple. It fits you. Maybe you should..."
She trailed off. Viv hummed and caressed Aleisha's arm.
Feminine figures were oriented to the classic hourglass shape. A couple fit the dictionary definition of voluptuous with their large chests and broad hips, their abs firm but with the slightest roundness. Kaitlyn's chest was the largest of the group in the middle with breasts that ranged from what was likely a cup size below the largest ones to what would be called athletic, toned with breasts that would be no more than handfuls to most adult males, and flatter abs. The eight masculine figures were buff without being bulky and differed in height from each other by a few inches, the shortest matched the tallest feminine figure. All of the males offered clear crotch bulges, with a mix of hanging left or right.
"Ah, so you've made it," they turned to see the speaker, "I'm Nada Lovelace. And this is Morgan Minsky."
Both had jeans and button-down shirts. Nada had to be close to Viv's height so just taller than Aleisha and Gina, but her flats made that difficult to judge. Her face showed a touch of Chinese ancestry, her dark hair in a short bob. Her jeans were snug enough to reveal shapely hips but her oversize shirt with only a single button open hinted at but wouldn't confirm a bust that might've matched some of the larger breasts among the tank top and miniskirt contingents. Morgan was well over six feet tall but rail thin, his straw blond hair an unruly mop and his clothes were baggy. Each carried a pad'puter in one hand.
"Uh, hi, Nada, Morgan, I'm Gina, well, Virginia but call me Gina. And Vivian, Viv, and Aleisha. We've never figured out how to shorten that."
Two 'uh-huhs' added emphasis to the question. But the three heads swung to look from Nada and Morgan to where Ethan and Kaitlyn had joined the larger group. Their faces were all similar but not identical, like siblings or close relatives, not clones, and with no more than slight resemblance to either of the pair.
"What the hell is going on?" Viv said.
"These are our latest generation companion bots," Morgan said, his voice wavered in pitch. His smile was crooked and he raised his arm to point at the gaggle.
"And Margaret volunteered the three of you, and a couple of your boys, to train them today and tomorrow," Nada picked up, "then on Valentine's Day you'll take 'em out on the show floor and introduce them around."
"By train them," Aleisha said, "do you mean we fuck them? They are, uh, sex bots, right?"
"Uh, well," Morgan stammered but Nada laughed.
"That, certainly, but more. We want you to... teach them to be boyfriends and girlfriends. Talk, joke, make compliments. Seduce. Get seduced. You've already seen, they're pretty good at a few things already."
"Sure, walking. And climbing stairs. But, in two days?" Viv asked. "I worked hard on the last guy I was with for six months and I totally failed at all that!"
"Was he a human?" Nada asked with a broad smile, Viv chuckled and nodded. "That was your problem. They're not. We see them as being companions. Well, friends. Friends with benefits."
"Not human," Gina said slowly, "they're computers."
"They have a couple of traditional processors and solid state memory," Nada said, "but their intelligence is based on custom algorithms we've developed that execute across a number of neuromorphic processors spread through their bodies that operate in a distributed mesh. Those also process sensory inputs, touch, sights, sounds, tastes, even smells. Their muscles are integrated solid-cell battery technology. They have Wi-Fi and Bluetooth and are optionally capable of cellular comms---."
"Stop," Gina said firmly and put arms out, "we have a couple of computer nerds on the whole crew, but they ain't us!"
"Once you got past 'couple of,' we didn't understand a word of that," Aleisha said and the pair with her added emphatic 'yeahs.'
"We just need to know what they can do, not exactly how they do it," Viv added, "unless... will we need to reboot them?"
"Hopefully not that," Nada said, "but, ah, yeah, I get it. They understand speech, well, much of it. They have wireless communication like your wristpads, so they can talk to each other and access networks. Their bodies have fully functional genitals, asses, mouths, able to perform almost any sex act. Depending on activity, they can go up to three days on a full charge. They see, hear, feel. Talk, as you know, even conversation, but that we know is still a weak spot. They can drink, but not really eat. Uh, except..."
"They can perform cunnilingus and fellatio," Morgan said as he looked at Nada and his face reddened.
"Oh, they eat pussy? I have one they can taste, it's been very lonely, been a while," Viv flipped the front of her skirt up, "which one's first?"
Nada chuckled and quickly tapped at her pad. A dark skinned bot stepped forward.
"Hello, Vivian, my name is Evan. You're very beautiful," the voice was just deeper than Ethan's but like the other one it lacked something, "I bet you taste good."
"Their voices are good," Aleisha said, "but just a hint of..."
"Artificial," Morgan said, "come a long way, not perfect yet."
"You're a handsome one, Evan. Come pick me up and put me on that table over there? Then we'll see how good Nada has trained you. My pussy hasn't been eaten in a long time."
Nada smiled and shook her head and tapped on her pad. Evan approached with that same rolling gait Ethan and Kaitlyn had displayed.
"Stand still, Viv," Nada said as her eyes darted from her pad to Evan, "he knows what to do."
Gina and Aleisha edged away as they watched. Evan wasn't quite an inch taller than Viv in her heels, but much broader. He came alongside and bent then quickly swept an arm against the back of her knees and across her shoulder blades. She yelped as he swept her into his arms and she wrapped her arms around his neck.
"Whoa," Gina said with a laugh as Evan didn't stumble but turned and walked quickly toward a table covered in a white cloth. He turned and had a slight hitch before he settled her to sit on the edge of the table. He shuffled to face her and put his hands on her thighs with light touches.
"His skin is cool," Viv said as Nada grinned and tapped quickly at her pad, "not bad, but... might want to fix tha---."
Evan dropped to his knees with a slight thunk as he nudged Viv's legs apart. She put her hands on the table and slid her ass forward.
"We really gonna, OH," Viv said, "hey! Stop!"
Evan froze.
"Something wrong?" Nada's question.
"He knows WHERE," Viv said before she looked at Evan's frozen form, "but too hard. But, uh?"
"Safe word," Nada said, "is 'stop.' You can change it, but for now..."
She nodded then pointed at the scientist or computer programmer or whatever exactly she was. "Cm'here with that."
Nada quickly walked over to where Viv sat and stood alongside so they could both see the pad and the seated woman spoke softly. "Did you let 'em practice on you? And on the beanstalk over there?"
Nada's dark eyes flashed sideways before she shrugged. "Me, yeah, but, him... no. Others. Guess I didn't do so well. That's why we, uh, asked..."
"For pros," Viv said and Nada bit her lip but offered a quick nod, "we know what we are. Working with Margaret we can let ourselves loose, but she only hires people who won't get stupid about it."
Viv's torso shook slightly before she looked up and raised her voice. "And you two..."
Gina and Aleisha looked at her. "Pick a couple out and get busy. Margaret sometimes pays us to watch... but for right now..."
Both women snorted.
"You'll get three each," Morgan said, "and you can take them to your hotel rooms so you can work with them."
"Uh, our hotel's a crap place near the loop, we're 'the help,'" Aleisha said, "we don't rate rooms in the connected hotels. We take them on the bus or the trolley?"
"Ah, yeah. We pulled strings, we've arranged rooms for you in the Marriott here," Morgan said, "Margaret's arranging for your stuff to be moved over. You'll have a floor cordoned off and won't see the rest of your friends or anyone but us and our team until Valentine's Day."
"Cool," said Gina, "okay then, let's see if Evan can eat without falling into the yawning abyss that is Viv's way, way overused snatch."
Viv looked up from the pad and gave a loud raspberry. Aleisha laughed.
"Right Evan, time for brunch," she tapped Nada's pad and the dark head slowly moved forward.
"Whoa," a man's voice said from near the entrance door, "that's our girl, wasting ZERO time!"
Aleisha and Gina turned. Viv smiled and her voice was sultry. "Been seconds, Wyman, and it's already obvious he's better at this than you'll ever be."
"Don't mind the tasty ones now and then," he responded, "but yours, careful, there, friend, you might get your tongue bitten off."
Viv's right hand rose from its position guiding Evan's head and its middle finger rose quickly. Its target laughed. Her hand returned to its guidance.
"I take it you're Jamal and Wyman?" They turned to look at Morgan. Both nodded.
"I'm Morgan Minsky and that's Nada Lovelace," she turned from her pad and nodded as she watched Evan's efforts and spoke softly with Viv, "and these are our bots."
"You're late," Gina said.
"Got lost," Jamal said. He and Wyman both had the sleeveless blue shirts and blue slacks uniform and only their more expressive faces distinguished them from the bots already present.
"But refused to call for directions," Gina snapped, "yeesh. Hey, Morgan, can you fix THAT with YOUR boys?"
His expression showed thought, then he tapped quickly at his pad.
Nada shuffled back and looked from Evan and Viv to her pad and tapped at it. Kaitlyn separated from the pack and approached Viv and Evan and put her hand on the kneeling bot's shoulder as his head moved slowly up and down and Viv squirmed. She waited until Viv looked at her.
"Do you mind if I take a turn, pretty lady?" Viv's right eyebrow quirked then she glanced at Nada.
"Like we said, they have Wi-Fi and other links, so they can transmit what they learn to each other," she said in a voice everyone could hear, "although they won't transmit from whom they learned it."
"What if I want them to advertise my, you know, unmatched skills?" Jamal said and Gina and Aleisha offered loud exhaled laughs.
"You can modify the privacy level," Nada said. Evan gave Viv's labia a last lick and the woman squirmed again, he stood then backed away. Kaitlyn assumed the position he'd vacated.
"Uh, wow, she started exactly where he left off," Viv said. But then her eyes flashed closed and she let out a happy 'aaahhh' as the mane of dark hair shook between her thighs.
"They go both ways?" It was Aleisha's question.
"Yes," Morgan said, "we asked Margaret to, uh, volunteer..."
"Boys and girls who fuck boys and girls," Gina said. Morgan's entire face and the top inch of his neck flushed red but he nodded.
"Yeah," Nada said with a light but serious tone, "we need to test out every combination, but well, these are all we have ready to go and wanted to keep the team small. So we need, ah, how to put it, trainers with flexibility."
"I have a question doc, uh, docs," Wyman said. Each looked at him and offered slight nods.
"Just boy and girl, you know, parts?" Morgan had a questioning look but Nada answered with a tone that bordered on amused.
"Yes...," she smiled broadly.
"No futanari? I'd bend over right now for some of that action," Wyman asked with a broad grin. Jamal and Gina let out exasperated exhales and shook their heads. Aleisha shook her head with a confused expression. Nada's smile broadened into a grin.
"Told ya' Morgan," she said to her partner, "we might be missing a significant chunk of our potential total market!"
"What are you guys talking about?" Aleisha's questioning look became verbal.
"Chicks with dicks, Aleisha," Viv said before her voice went husky, "I don't know what you idiots are waiting for, Margaret doesn't pay us to laze around. She does pay us to fuck around. And these folks learn fast! Ah!"
Aleisha repeated Viv's explanation silently and looked at her teammate.
"We like all the same parts," Wyman said with a shrug, "just cuts the number of lovers needed in half. It's a hobby, she could rub her tits on my back while she goes at me, then turn-about's fair play and I get both holes and something to hold onto while doin' it! Best a'both worlds."
Aleisha snorted a laugh and shook her head but smiled.
"They got us our very own floor here at the Marriott," Gina said to Jamal and Wyman, "so I guess we should pick out our bots. Right now if what Nada says is true they're transmitting to each other what's between Viv's legs is the best we got."
"Oh," Jamal said, "THAT'S frightening. And wrong. Very wrong. Let's get busy."
"We get three each," Aleisha said as she pointed vaguely at a section of the gaggle, "I like a couple over there... and only one set of genitals on each of them for me!"
"We have control pads for all of you, and some of our techs will help you," Morgan said as he pointed to a table at the far wall behind him, "we can use this room and this floor for practice guiding them, there's no show using this building today and tomorrow."
A door alongside that table opened and three men and two women emerged, all dressed in beige chinos and navy blue tee shirts with stylized lettering that spelled out 'Humaniforms.' Each grabbed a couple of pads from the table.
The Impala Bar & Grill
"The hem of your skirt is one and five eighths inches below the bottom of your buttocks," Lachlan said as a topless Viv spun in front of him, "according to the rules you related to me that means you aren't allowed panties."
She stopped and the soft denim skirt settled. It'd flipped enough for him to confirm her obedience.
"And?" The Socratic method her goal, she asked as she slipped her arm through an armhole of a sleeveless button-down shirt then reached to repeat the move.
"If less than two inches, no bra either. Except the special bra proviso."
She pulled the shirt across her breasts and did up the bottom button just below them. She smiled as she spoke. "Very good, you've been paying attention to your lessons."
"If the skirt or dress is over two inches, but less than four, you're allowed thong panties, but they're not required, but still no bra until four inches," Lachlan said, "and tanga panties only after four inches. No boyshorts until below the knees."
"And why do we have these rules?" She did up a second button. The shirt's short cut and the skirt's low rise allowed a clear view of her toned abs. Why work out so diligently if you weren't going to show 'em off? Thin, soft red fabric allowed clear views of the shapes of breasts and nipples that hadn't gone fully quiescent even after banishing Lachlan from touching her after they'd made love slowly on the sofa after her call had ended. A languorous shower hadn't calmed them so she'd chosen a shirt that'd take advantage of their state.
"Because letting people see your underwear is rude," he said, "so the shorter the skirt or dress the skimpier the panties need to be. When views are certain, it's best not to wear any."
She knelt and tied a white sneaker. She felt like the color theme tonight. "C'm'here," she said. He took a few steps and stood with his crotch at eye level. Her hands went to the fabric of the smooth, thin, dark gray cloth that covered his legs.
"Hmm, I think," her hand ran up his left thigh until it found her target. She couldn't see the head right now but her fingers worked at its shape, "we need a bit more."
The bulge expanded and the shape of the head became prominent.
"That's it, if we can just keep it there," she leaned forward and nuzzled at the tip of the bulge before she looked up. She nudged him and he backed away, she set to tying her other shoe. She looked up at his question.
"I understand the rules," he said, a slight waver in his voice, "but the other special provision. When your mother is around, it's absolutely forbidden for you to wear bras or panties and no skirts more than six inches below your buttocks and that long only if your grandmother is around. Why?"
"Ah, you forgot a bit in there," she chided him.
"The special bra proviso. You can wear bras that don't cover your nipples if they push your breasts up for better cleavage," he said. She nodded. This blouse performed that task all on its own. So long as the dutiful pair of buttons held!
"But," he continued with an earnest tone, "you say all that, quote, 'annoys the hell out of my mother,' unquote. But if it does that, why do you do it?"
She let out an exhaled laugh and stood up. "There is no way I could explain that when I'm sober! And, there is no way anyone but a mother or a daughter could understand it."
The skirt was short but nothing unusual with the modern styles, but in the right light she may as well not have the shirt on. It was perfect, there'd be moments but with the growing darkness the clearest views would be fleeting. She'd someday have to reconsider her wardrobe choices, but this was not yet that day and her mother's figure gave her hope that day was some way off. A figure her mother didn't display out of outdated mores, not unworthiness. And any number of the women on the extended families on both sides, whoa! Some true hotties, but plenty of the same hangups as her mother. Sigh. All of that might've been papered over, but Viv's utter, total, complete disdain for the idea of motherhood for herself had seemingly been one straw too many. There'd been a time when she'd not been so sure, but when the one true love she'd had in her life had made his stand clear, she'd finally accepted her deepest feelings. They'd gone their separate ways and while she'd had to search, she'd found a surgeon to guarantee there'd be no accidents. Why her mother should take it so personally, Viv had given up trying to understand. Visits had withered to only select holidays and were pro forma.
"I've explained these rules to my sisters and brothers," he said, "no one else... has such. My sisters like the rules and those who can have started using them. I have sent them to my mother, what she would think about her daughters following them. Did you make these rules?"
"I... uh, well, your mother isn't very much like mine. She might like them. But... no. They've been around quite a while. Someone named Devil Girl put them online, way back when online was just starting, what the nerd boys and girls tell me. Others have made their own versions but she was first. It seems she was a big fan of short skirts and no undies."
"Who was Devil Girl? That's an odd name."
"Dunno," Viv's voice was tentative, "wish I knew. Think I'd like her, she'd be kinda old now. But not too old to party with us. Maybe you'd like two chicks at once, hmm?"
She quickly touched his lips, she didn't really want THAT answer, then shrugged and her voice lightened. "But. Now. Even though you helped me blow two dozen loads today, Tyrannosaurus Marie nuked my mood. I want wine, dinner that we, well YOU, don't have to slave over, then we'll get a booth at the Botanist and I'll sit on your lap while we drink cocktails and you can slip your dick up me while we watch the forlorn mating dances of local hipsters."
"I'd like that," he said. He held out her little purse, she slipped the strap over her head and let it fall diagonally between her breasts. He held the door open and she touched his cheek with her fingertips as she went through the passage.
She led him by the hand and squeezed it as they left her building and turned left. With her diligence earlier she'd decreed they'd take the elevator down, she was on the fifth of nine floors in her building, that was average for the area, none of the area condo and apartment complexes was over twelve. High enough that streetlights and the red glow reflected from glass-walled buildings battled shadows. Even that red glow would be gone soon, a third of the sun below the horizon but only the brightest stars and the moon would be visible later.
She glanced down and let a shiver run down her body as her skin adjusted to the late August heat. With the worst of summer faded, she avoided heavy use of the air conditioning in her condo unit. But she couldn't control the common spaces, and she'd been regularly outvoted over its aggressive use in the building. Oh well. It did help her avoid the need to pay for electricity for the AC for her place and so long as it didn't force the common fees up she'd live with it. And thanks to that AC in the halls and the elevator, her nipples were even more rampant than they'd been. Beyond its fit, she enjoyed this shirt's feel and she wondered if she could make herself cum with just its pressure.
She pulled Lachlan close and he settled next to her as they walked. The Impala was a six block walk and were this a Friday or Saturday, the sidewalks wouldn't be more crowded. And even though she'd aimed toward the extreme end, she was only in the middle of the curve when it came to exposure. And despite the snug fit of his clothes and his lovely crotch, Lachlan was practically overdressed compared to some of the other guys! Not that she really cared what other dudes were wearing.
She wondered. It can't have been that everyone had their own Marie Sexless that had driven them to make this effort tonight. The area was never 'dead,' a major reason she'd chosen her place, but it was unusually heavy for a Wednesday. Then again, September loomed. It wasn't like the weather would change overnight, but had that driven everyone to hit the streets and avoid as much clothing as possible? Whatever it was, she adopted a strut and made sure her posture displayed her assets in their best light. She had zero interest in actually attracting anyone, but she wasn't going to back down either. Unlike plenty in her past, her escort wouldn't feel the need to play up his 'ownership.' Somewhere in her brain was that slight sense of relief that she'd lost the need to have the one she was with to prove that using... well, fists. She preferred not to dwell on those days. She squeezed his hand and he returned the pressure.
They traded greetings with local acquaintances. She hadn't arranged with any dearer friends to meet this evening, any encounters that would require inviting them to join or them to invite her was unlikely. That was good. She wanted to be OUT, but not have to be ON. Lachlan could discuss subjects from philosophy to sports, she loved basketball but it wasn't yet in season, she paid conditional attention to the local baseball team if they made the playoffs but this year the dog days had likely put paid to those hopes. He commiserated when she whinged and jabbered about work or her family. But he could also stay silent and simply be present. Spontaneity was his weak spot, but even in the last few weeks he'd improved. His menu plan for the last week had been sprung on her, he'd watched her eat since they'd gotten together and had heard her 'complain' about improving it, although it'd been more muttering than actual statements and was a complaint she'd have never acted on unilaterally, and he'd come up with and put his plan into action. Bastard! She squeezed his hand again.
A group of ten dudes and dudettes a few years younger came toward them, walking in the middle of the street. Certain streets in the area weren't friendly to wheeled conveyance, so they unfortunately weren't daring fate in that way. Clothing was skimpy but fortunately for most of the crowd that wasn't an issue. A couple of them should've known better, but, Viv thought, body positivity was a phrase her marketing group used although it wasn't an easy reflex for her. But that paled in her reason for annoyance.
It was their singing.
Or, was it singing? It was a current hit for a girl group quintet, everything about them a cunningly conceived and executed plan by marketing executives. Viv hated their music but recognized the skill of their puppet masters, she'd've done the same in their shoes. But take a crappy, over-produced song and put it in the mouths of ten tone deaf fools who'd apparently started their drinking in the mid-afternoon, and the experience neared torture for anyone unfortunate enough to be in earshot. Viv read the scowls and shaken heads around her. As the group neared, she saw a few people with active commeras pointed at the dectet, the current online ethos said hateviews counted as much or even more than admiring views. Her expression changed to a soft smile.
"Lachlan," she said and looked him in those violet eyes when he responded, "it's a song evening! You should do 'Some Enchanted Evening.' Full volume."
She kept them walking. It wouldn't bother him.
"I'll keep everyone out of our way," Viv added, "it'll get us to the restaurant!"
It was much older than the dectet's song, but not all that odd a choice. Lachlan's speaking voice rode the boundary of tenor and baritone, and his singing voice ranged across both. He hit the opening syllables with his voice pitched to the lower register. Heads snapped toward them as she fought her grin down to a sultry smile as her eyes made clear to open the path for them to continue.
The dectet faltered, a few of them tried to keep going but loss of attention that was almost choreographed pushed them to silence. Their formerly bunched group attenuated as a few slowed to look at their competitor.
His song had first appeared decades earlier and had been recorded by hundreds of artists. But its current prominence was due to a new movie version of "South Pacific" that'd updated the story to involve the humanoid aliens long-rumored to be spying on Earth. They'd switched some genders and reworked things so a male corpsman had sung to the mysterious woman who owned a plantation on the island with whom there'd been a mutual but unsteady courtship. It later turned out she was an alien spy genetically altered to appear human.
As she'd known he would, even unaccompanied he'd hit the opening notes perfectly. She knew many if not most of the young trendies would've seen the movie, as had she and Lachlan. It was a blazing hit, and their expressions registered their recognition that Lachlan's version was good. Very good, to Viv's ears, and expressions confirmed she wasn't alone in that thought.
Her strut kicked up a notch as she wrapped her arm around his, to the point she regretted she hadn't worn less casual clothes and wild heels. Sneakers just didn't convey the right attitude!
Jaws dropped and commeras moved to follow them as he sang, Viv assumed at least a few were sending this directly to the internet rather than just recording, live got the eyeballs, delayed uploading brought no benefit beyond the slightest 'I was there, too' claim. Despite that, a plan firmed in her mind.
Lachlan's expression made clear she was his 'stranger.' She could no longer block it, her smile broadened. They left the glares of the dectet behind and followers accreted, most of whom were like her, always looking for blogging material. And what better than an impromptu, pitch-perfect song on a city street!
Her smile morphed slightly when they made it to two steps short of their target when she stopped them and they rotated slightly. He raised his right arm as he delivered the final "never let her go." Viv's mouth broke into a grin as everyone not holding a commera applauded. Those devices had to display a tiny blue LED when they were recording and she stopped counting once into double digits.
"His name's Lachlan," Viv said, "L A C H L A N, make sure you get it right!"
Many in the audience laughed but there was a quick, second round of applause.
"We'll be eating dinner, now," she resumed after the applause "thank you."
"Glad you all enjoyed it," Lachlan added. Then he nudged Viv to turn her head to give her a languid kiss. That got them another round of applause and laughter, Viv liked the sour looks of those who'd lowered their commeras too quickly. She caught the eye of one she knew that'd been with them since the off-key crowd and gave her a nod. The woman nodded back and worked her way to stand next to Viv as the others moved on to find their next entertainment.
"Send me the video, Deb? I'll give you credit."
"Sure, Viv, on one condition," Viv's mouth went to an 'O' as Deb gestured toward Lachlan, "one hour. Me and him. Locked in my bedroom."
Viv squinted. Deb was about her age, did sales for some tech firm. A tongue ran quickly against a pale red upper lip as dark eyes locked on the singer's crotch. "C'mon, Viv, just an hour. Well, I'd take two... or three... but that'd probably kill me. I'm way out of practice for THAT much exercise! But I'd be happy to go that way. Or..."
Viv tilted her head at the theatrical pause before Deb continued. "Does he have a brother?"
Viv smiled broadly. "As a matter of fact..." She let the statement trail off and Deb grinned.
"I'll send you the file," Deb said and kissed Viv on the cheek, "get me his email! And pictures. Preferably nude."
She skipped off with a wave. Viv shook her head. She turned them and looked into the softly lit foyer, their spot just outside it brighter from a nearby streetlight. Despite the crowds on the street, the Impala didn't seem packed. She took a moment to register the new hostess. She must've just switched, Viv took a second moment to pull the name Noreen from a cubbyhole; they'd encountered each other. Somewhere. A specific tone in her ear, she raised an eyebrow.
"Lachlan," he looked at her, "go in and tell Noreen we'll need a table for two. I'll just be a moment."
He nodded and kissed her and stepped through a door that'd been braced open. Noreen looked up from behind her wooden stand and smiled broadly at him, then glanced toward the door as Lachlan pointed. Viv waved quickly then pointed to her ear, the new, universal sign for an invisible phone call. Even the street loonies had learned it, when you looked at them as they jabbered they'd point to their ears. Oh, not a crazed, possibly cannibalistic nutter, but a businessperson handling a phone call that'd decide the flow of millions of dollars. The confluence of that thought with something that happened to the hostess's face caused a hitch in Viv's voice, but that was quickly overwhelmed.
"Sluggo, connect, hey, Aleisha, what's up?"
"Holy shit, girl, did that really just happen?" Aleisha's voice was fast and joyous.
"Did what happen?" Viv conveyed as much confused innocence as she could manage.
"Get fucked," Aleisha said with continued amusement, "that sidewalk singdown. Was sittin' here working on my blog, got an alert for your nabe, grabbed the stream. I'm no artiste, but you know damned well I can sing, a stage mom and a decade of lessons. What I just saw and heard... that was..."
Viv let the silence hang as she looked into the Impala. Noreen was somewhere late-twenties or maybe thirty, her blonde hair softly curled and pulled into a loose ponytail that gave her beautiful face a prominent position. She had a smile that a young woman offered a man when she... and the fingers of her right hand danced along Lachlan's bare skin of his left arm just below the sleeve. Viv's smile was tight as she reran memories. She'd not been with Lachlan when she'd previously encountered Noreen, at whichever of the woman's previous employers they'd met. The blonde's job called for her to be friendly, a warm presence, it didn't call for her to step from behind the podium that reached to breasts that, although not quite Diana's ridiculous globes, weren't far off. Viv's weren't small, but compared to this chick's, a size battle was unwinnable. Breasts that were well-displayed by a shirt tighter than the staff usually wore, with more opened buttons than usual. She shuffled to stand close to Lachlan. A position that meant, with his height, her face and cleavage were both in direct line of view.
"Hey, Viv?"
"Oh, yeah, sorry, dealing with getting dinner. Felt like going out."
"Well, you're looking hot, girl, and so's your boy! But, that song..."
"I told you he could sing."
"You did. But... That's not... singing. That was... art."
"Uh, what?"
"Bad singers, like that pack, only hit notes by accident. Mediocre singers hit most notes they need to hit and nothing else. Really good singers... wander a bit, add touches here and there. Great singers sing whatever notes they want and make the song fit those notes. That's what I just heard."
Viv's eyes tightened as Noreen snuggled closer to Lachlan, who stood with his back to the door, his left hand rested lightly on Noreen's right shoulder. Although blocked from Viv's view, her right arm offered a perfect position to find his crotch.
"Um, oh, you said Nathan sings, right? He the same?"
"Nothing close, Viv," Aleisha's voice was deliberate and serious, "Nathan's on the border of being good, he might add a touch here and there, but it's not a deliberate reworking. And that's not the only thing I've noticed about Lachlan...."
Viv wondered if Noreen was going to drop her slacks and bend over right there in the dimly lit vestibule. The girl was probably an actress, area service jobs were rife with such pretenders, and simply playing at this. But, if so, she was good. Too good to need a hostess position at an upscale but not top-rank restaurant. Lachlan hadn't moved away, but Viv didn't expect him to. His left hand hadn't moved from its light perch on her shoulder, his right arm moved in apparent rhythm with whatever he was saying that had Noreen occasionally laughing.
"Um, okay, hey, Aleisha," Viv's brain was torn, "I'll, uh, call you later tonight. I need to deal with something. Quick question, you post bail for me if I need it?"
"Uh, sure, babe, be fine. But, why?"
"Might need to beat a bitch down, and you know me, I don't do these things halfway."
"Sure, uh, just be caref---."
Viv disconnected the call with a tap. Her temper had gotten her into more than one scrap, but it'd been years. Aside from the impressive tits and shapely ass, the blouse and slacks didn't offer confirmation of the girl's firmness. Viv had never thought about true fighting skills until she'd met Gina, but there was a way that woman carried herself that Viv didn't see in most women or men. And didn't think she saw it now in the slightly shorter blonde. She took a slow breath before she sauntered into the building. Sneakers were well named, it was easy to move silently. She flowed into place on Lachlan's right side and slid her left arm around his right as she spoke in a husky voice.
"Hey, lover, thanks for holding the fort, got us a table?" She stretched to kiss him quickly as his head turned. He shifted slightly to tighten against her and edge away from Noreen.
The immediate expression from the hostess was, unless Viv misinterpreted it, something atavistic. From before humans became humans. But then the mask firmed and a smile formed. But the hostess didn't pull away.
Viv concluded the slut wasn't acting. That flashed expression simply had too much behind it. Viv sighed. She just wanted a quiet dinner and a drink, not to have to grab this whore by the base of that ponytail and repeatedly smash her face into the top of her podium.
"Noreen says we can have a nice table," Lachlan said, his voice not quite guileless, "she just said it'll take them a few minutes to clear."
"Is that right?" Viv's voice was low and slow. From the foyer it was a left turn to the dining room, the entrance had curtains either side of a wide gap that allowed her a partial view. "Doesn't look so busy."
Noreen pressed a bare arm. "We'll go check, will we Lachlan? Viv can wait here."
So. It was going to be ponytail grabbing face smashing then. Viv's smile froze. Blueglow. This bitch used to be a server at Blueglow. His name had been Connor. He'd been their head chef. His girlfriend had been a server. No. His supposed fiancée. Viv had waltzed off with him but had never knowingly met that fiancée, real or not, at least not in context, and later had, rather rudely if she was honest, dumped the guy. Apparently needing a fresh start, he'd left town. Last she'd heard he was in Portland or Seattle or somewhere suitably dreary to match the condition she'd left him in. No wonder those cities had legalized weed. They needed all the help they could get, apparently, living in such places with too much gray in the sky and green things growing everywhere, including on people who didn't move fast enough.
"Hey, Noreen," Viv said firmly, the woman's professional politeness wavered, "thanks, but we've changed our mind. We'll go elsewhere."
She took a half step backward and Lachlan followed her lead and even before they'd completed the spin she had them moving. A quick glance back and Noreen had taken a step but just then a couple had emerged from the dining room. The blonde's professionally friendly expression had turned to anger but morphed back as she turned. She'd worked her way off the floor and it wouldn't do to lose her new job and get blacklisted in the area, but old wounds reopened, this wasn't over. Viv unchecked this option for future dining. A shame.
"C'mon, lover," she said as she turned them right as they left the Impala, "Grassa's close by. It's just as good."
"Well. The quality of tonight's crowd has truly bottomed out," the man at the stand at Botanical's entrance said, his dark pink suit perfectly fitted to what was obviously a lithe body as he stepped from behind his stand. Unlike the Impala, there was little separation for the entrance from the open space that sported well-spaced stand-up tables and small booths ringed the walls, the bar an atoll with a reef of stools in the center of the space. It wasn't packed but few open tables or booths could be seen. Servers weaved among the tables and multiple bartenders bustled on their island. The volume of the massed conversations and Sinatra on the sound system made the introductory statement hard to hear, but the host was well-practiced at projection.
"Good evening to you, too, Noah," Viv said as she stepped through the door to stop close to the colorful man and Lachlan chuckled as he stood close behind her, "you know damned well we're the most class that's set foot in this dump since the last time we were here."
He laughed then hugged Viv before he kissed her on each cheek and she returned the hug. He turned to Lachlan and put out his right hand but just before Viv's companion had taken it he pulled it back and threw both arms around the slightly taller figure and pulled him close. He locked his mouth onto Lachlan's. Hands grabbed Noah's ass cheeks.
After a few moments Viv let out a closed-mouth growl. Noah ended the kiss with a loud 'smack' and turned so both of them faced the brunette.
"When are we going to have another ménage à trois, my dearest girlfriend," Noah said, his height perfectly split the difference between the two who'd just arrived, "things have been a bit lame around these parts lately."
"I hadn't noticed," Viv winked, Noah shook his head and smiled, "but are there really three when at no point all of them ever touched?"
"Let's not get lost in strict definitions," he winked back and waved a hand through the air down her body, "I mean, look at you. You're..."
Viv placed her left hand on her hip and offered an expression that made clear his survival depended on his next few words.
"A girl! I mean... eeewww!"
She laughed and shook her head.
"She is every inch a girl," Lachlan said lightly, "I have investigated quite thoroughly. QUITE thoroughly."
"I commend you for going where few dare, and even fewer return from alive, Lachlan my boy," Noah said to Viv's loud sniff, "now, I'm not used to seeing you two out on school nights. What's up?"
"Tough day," Viv said, "just had a nice dinner at Grassa. Can we get one of the little booths? Preferably that one in the far corner?"
"That would be the darkest one," Noah smiled, "you going to blow this virile stud in between sipping your martini?"
"I'll have to pry your mouth off it."
Noah laughed. "A contest I'd win. As you might notice, it's rather busy for a Wednesday. But, if you promise that we..."
Noah kissed Lachlan's cheek and both looked at Viv. She let out a laughing exhale.
"You coax out whatever hipster doofuses are there and," she let her pause drag, "I'll consider your application."
"Ah, what I do for friends. Hit the bar and be patient. I can be very persuasive if I put my mind to it."
Viv worked her way through the crowd and arrived at their booth just as their drinks had been delivered.
"Hey, Daphne," Viv said and the sable-haired server turned as she straightened.
"Hi, Viv, feel better?"
"It was great wine at Grassa, but, had to pay the rental...," she shrugged, Daphne chuckled. She sidled so that Viv could sit and slide until she snuggled next to Lachlan.
"Just asking your guy if you two coming to Echo Park on Saturday? Outdoor fair, all day, we'll have a tent there. Lots of food happening too."
"Told her we'd be there," Lachlan said as Viv nudged him to put his left arm across her shoulders, "although after tonight your diet starts. Salads only."
"Not if you're dead," Viv said brightly and elbowed him in the gut. Daphne laughed and walked off to slake the thirsts of others.
Viv picked up her glass and sniffed as Lachlan followed suit.
"Here's to you," each said as they tapped glasses. They both sipped. Viv licked her lips and looked at her Gin and Tonic.
"Interesting gin," Lachlan said, "I ordered what they call a New American Gin. The juniper is there, but not the lead. Lavender, orange, um, cardamom---."
"Okay, Mr. Chemistry,," Viv said as she put fingers to his lips, "it's very nice. Let me enjoy it. Should keep me nicely tuned. Slide over."
His face offered slight confusion but he slid and she stopped him at the rear of the hemispherical booth.
"Good. Daphne dropped off some extra cloth napkins like I had you ask. Grab one."
Lachlan obeyed and then his face finally showed comprehension. He spread it on the bench alongside his hip. She caught the tip of her tongue in the corner of her mouth between her lips. She slid but raised her ass high enough and worked the rear of her skirt up. She sat on the napkin as she again squeezed against him and adjusted her skirt across the tops of her thighs.
She reached up with her left hand and coaxed his hand to her breast.
"Make me cum," she whispered into his ear, even though the ambient sound level meant no one not in their booth would've overheard them, "use your fingers."
She purred as he set to work on her already-erect nipple. He combined pressure with the cloth of her blouse but anyone not studying them would have trouble deciphering the action. Her right hand used the table's camouflage to reach over and stroke his cock through the thin slacks and coax it to full hardness. Her fingers found the bulge at the end.
She sipped at her drink and rubbed her thighs together and squirmed as their fingers worked on each other. As she'd promised, they watched the mating dances of the hipsters and trendies. She liked this place, the crowd wasn't old, but old enough. Too sedate for the newly-legal drinkers but too cool for senior citizens.
"Someone posted a video of us at dinner," Lachlan said without his fingers losing their rhythm, Viv hummed, "called me the 'secret singer.' People are trying to find out who I am."
That tweaked Viv's memory. Robby knew all about Lachlan, and she guessed others at work had found her blog although she'd not advertised it there. And she knew her 'husband' wouldn't have told anyone. At one point after Marie had joined the call, she'd seemed to direct a moment of attention directly at Viv. It'd been around a throw-away line about the marketing team working on some ideas for 'ambassadors' for resorts. Even Robby had messaged her with a big '?' She'd sent the same back after Marie had moved them along. But there'd been something in the tone the Tyrannosaurus had used that had stuck with and bothered Viv. She took a gulp of her G&T to beat the thought back into submission.
Well, on the one hand, people would inevitably track them to her blog. Traffic was good. That was a goal. But something about Marie's tone wouldn't leave her mind. She set her drink down and nudged the hand that worked her breast.
"Harder," she said softly and emphasized that with a hard grip on his hard prick. He obeyed. She drained the G&T and squirmed as the last of the alcohol, freed from the need to put her brain into neutral, had reached her crotch where it upped the tingle.
Her right hand stroked the cock through cloth as fingers expertly worked her nipple and the flesh around it as her eyes went to slits. The crowd had gotten denser but they received only glances and the odd smile, almost exclusively from women, that indicated the viewer knew what was up. Any of them would do it too, thought Viv, if they could. But she knew this 'talent' wasn't universal, on either side of the gender divide. Then her body both relaxed and tensed as Lachlan modified his attack. Damn. How? He heard, felt, smelled so many signs she'd never known she gave.
She let her head fall back against his arm. Her mouth settled slightly open, her breath quickened. A climax like this wasn't quite the same as one with direct contact, it was slower but broad and without the specific focus. She felt him nuzzle the top of her head as his fingers moved. Her right palm pressed his hard but constrained cock against a thigh no less firm. His body shifted more tightly against her.
Her breath went choppy and her eyes to tight slits. The din from the crowded space faded. She tensed her thighs as tightly as she could and squeezed her legs together. A wave burst from between them and rippled up and down her body. Her glutes spasmed to lift her slightly from the bench but the napkin rose with her. She let out a barely-audible 'aaahhh.'
After a second, softer wave that spread as the first subsided she reached and grabbed Lachlan's hand and wrapped the fingers to stop them. She inhaled slowly and held it as she twined her fingers with those that'd just completed their assigned task. She opened her eyes to the point where any voyeurs would know they were open. Flashed smiles and quick head turns proved they'd been there. She caught eyes with two who didn't look away. She smiled at them before she released Lachlan's hand and used it to guide his head into position to kiss her and kept it slow but not broadly open-mouthed, just enough for her audience to notice it. She broke the kiss.
"Thank you, lover, that was nice," she said softly as she looked into those violet eyes.
"I live to please," he said, the corners of her mouth quirked up, "our viewer in the green dress has been using her commera. Her finger's covering the signal."
Viv kissed him along the cheek to his ear. The 'dress' was barely a dress, no sleeves, a deep vee front and a hem that made her own skirt look puritan. "Do you know if she was streaming? Do you have an ID?"
"Yes to both."
"Email her, we get free repro on her stream. Mention her finger 'accident,' maybe she'll claim the sensor is broken. Likely bullshit, she's hacked it. We could get her on that."
"Already done."
"You're so good," she said and kissed him before she turned and scanned the crowd, "now, where's Daphne?"
As if summoned by magic, the smiling face surrounded by a head with its dark hair in a buzz cut around the sides and a ponytail that jutted up then dropped behind her appeared.
"I bet you two are still thirsty," she said.
"Oh yeah, same again, with that new gin," Viv said as Daphne gathered the empty glasses and wet paper napkins and set a handful of clean, cloth napkins on the table. The server winked and pointed at Viv's lap. The seated woman smiled and rose up and grabbed the one under her and Daphne took it as she tossed a clean one to Lachlan.
Daphne waved the napkin past her nose and mouthed 'lucky bitch,' but she followed that with a smile. Viv smiled back and grabbed Lachlan's hand with both of hers.
"Only had it a couple days, it's from Portland, big hit already," Daphne said and gestured at the crowd as Lachlan quickly set the fresh napkin on the bench and Viv lowered herself until she felt it against her skin.
"Uh, Portland?" Viv's eyebrow rose slightly, another Portland tie tonight? "I thought they only did craft beer and weed up there. And craft beer with weed in it... And weed watered with craft beer."
"Probably someone who'd had too much of both," Daphne chuckled, "anything else?"
"So long as I'm incurring debts," Viv said, "can you please tell Noah to come by? Tell him I know he has something hidden and I need it."
"Ah," Daphne's voice took on a conspiratorial tone, "I heard arrangements are being made. Might you, oh, make room for a fourth?"
"Um, oh?" Viv tilted her head with her question.
"I'm quite flexible, but with Noah involved you might get lonely, I could...," she poked the tip of her tongue out and curled it. Viv laughed.
"We'll do it at his place," Viv said, "I know he's a neatnik... let him clean up after."
Daphne laughed. "Be right back with your drinks, and I'll drag his sorry ass over here." She walked away.
"Should we invite that chick in the green dress?" Lachlan's voice was studied innocence and his eyes were soft as Viv jerked her head to look at him. She squinted at his smile.
"Or maybe an open call, eh? Some hot bods out there, gotta be one or two who can satisfy a hot, sexy and beautiful woman like Daphne," he added with a wink, "maybe do something for one like you, too. Maybe."
Her mouth opened for a reply but she froze. Had he just said that? While her mind raced he leaned forward and kissed her. It took her an instant to adjust her mouth but she did. His joke. And, she knew, it was a joke that he understood. Knew precisely what he'd said! That was...
"Ahem," they broke the kiss and both faced Noah. He stood beside Daphne who shook her head and placed their fresh drinks on the table.
"Don't forget our deal," Daphne said as she walked away.
"What deal?" Noah's face showed confusion.
"Got what I wanted?" Viv asked. Noah's mouth went to an 'O' but he nodded and tossed a small, plastic bottle. She caught it.
"How'd you know about that... and what deal?"
"I know all your secrets," she said and sniffed, "and since you won't touch me, I made alternative arrangements for our, oh, little get-together."
Noah squinted for a moment before he turned and looked in the direction Daphne had gone, but she wasn't visible among the crowd.
"A... second... girl?"
"Yeesh," she said, "what? It's gonna be like my junior high school dances? Boys one side of the room, girls the other, never the twain shall meet?"
"I have my standards," he said in a tone of amused grievance. As she laughed he tilted his head and tapped his ear. "Ah, gotta run, but guess my application's been accepted."
"Yup," she said, "we're doing it at your place."
He glared at her, but the expression wasn't angry. Well, not too angry. She grinned. He turned on his heel and walked quickly.
She and Lachlan both took long swigs of their drinks. Then she nudged at his still hidden cock.
"Get this thing out of there," she said, her voice deepened and slow and she offered him the plastic bottle, "then coat it thoroughly. I think my cunt's had enough today, but..."
She watched the crowd and sipped as he worked his slacks open and without looking her hand found that big, hard, nasty thing as it sprang free. She gave it a quick squeeze before she held the tablecloth although no one seemed to be watching closely, not that she was worried they were the only couple going this far in one of the booths that lined the wall. Or, hell, that chick in green might be standing at one of those tables and getting it for the third or fourth time already.
"Ready, my love," Lachlan's voice was low but clearly anticipated his role. She glanced again for close watchers and satisfied, shifted before his strong hands landed just under each arm to help her slide onto his lap. She found the suitably lubed shaft and guided him to position her. She adjusted her angle and felt the cool gel against her flesh as she placed that excellent head against her rosebud. After a moment, she was happy.
"Ready," she said and he lowered his hands slowly as she took her weight before she let gravity pull her down. She let out a slow 'ooh' until she knew she had half, stopped for a minute adjustment then let herself settle onto his lap until she was fully impaled. He grunted as his hands went to the angles where her thighs met hips.
"No hurry," she said as he nuzzled her neck, "keep an eye out for green dress bitch. If she's willing to crawl under the table and lick me, I'll let her film some closeups."
It was a third her legs and the rest his arms that allowed her to move on about a quarter of the length of the shaft that'd invaded her body. Her movement was slow, but anyone with still-sober brain cells would know what was going on even if it was only just the wrong side of subtle. But since the June show in Vegas, her horniness had notched up each week, to the point that she might not even need a third G&T before she'd dispense with what subtlety they exercised and let him bend her over the table yelling 'slam me! slam me hard you ass fucking bastard!'
Halfway through her drink, as their slow coupling continued, she was about to ask Lachlan to use the contact info he'd found for green dress to message her and invite the slut over. That bitch could stream as much as she wanted if she would indeed eat Viv out while they finished. But Lachlan spoke.
"I've received a message," he whispered, she simply exhaled an 'uh,' his tone indicated whatever to come was unexpected, "my mother wants to meet us for lunch. She says it's quite important."
"She's here? In town?" Viv's stroke had faltered for a moment but he hadn't, despite the odd message, so she was quickly back to her deliberate pace.
"Yes, but no explanation, 'we'll talk about it tomorrow.' Wants to meet at her office, 11 a.m. Said we'll do lunch and that your employer won't mind you missing. Oh, she added she loves the rules, her daughters are welcome to them but she said she's not sure she has 'the right ass' to also follow."
The comment about her job was odd, not like she was paid by the hour. But, no, more than that was odd.
"Tell her we'll be there, and her ass is peachy," Viv said, "then block anything short of Armageddon. MY ass isn't fucking itself..."
His grip tightened and she felt his cock throb. He tightened his grip and upped her speed. They moaned together when she hit bottom at the end of the stroke.
"Alter comms," she said with an uneven cadence, "message green dress. Give her the offer. NOW!"
He said nothing but she felt his cock do a huge twitch. She liked that, however he did it. Viv wasn't quite sure of the time gap but two things happened in quick succession. A smirking but silent Daphne dropped off fresh drinks and walked quickly away.
Behind her stood the chick in the barely-there green dress, her dirty blonde hair mussed around a face locked in grinning lust. She didn't bother to hide the blue LED this time. Viewers, wherever in the world they were, would've seen the picture swoop down the couple at the back of the booth before it went under the table.
St. Valentine's Day
Viv glanced back and traded quick nods with Petra. That young woman had traded the mostly shapeless 'Humaniforms' tees and jeans she'd worn the last couple of days for pants and a button-down sleeveless shirt, both in snug dark blue leather and complimentary without offering untoward exposure. She had a more than decent figure, although even now she seemed reticent about letting it loose and Viv mused on the look. Was it a 'costume?' The show had billed today as 'Halloween on Valentine's Day' and costumes ranged from sexy nurses to sexy airline pilots to sexy Cupids, to, well, that was the direction.
Considering what the girl normally wore, it WAS a costume, Viv kept her chuckle silent, and it was almost sexy. For someone directly involved in developing the most realistic and intelligent sex robots in existence, Petra and some of her coworkers were strangely prudish. The 'neurocognitive programming expert' wasn't there to monitor Viv, but to analyze the interactions of Viv's triple bot contingent with the crowd and, hopefully, notice if one or more of them was about to fail or to switch from sexbot to murderbot.
Nada and Petra and the others had claimed repeatedly that last thought couldn't happen. But Viv had seen the movies.
After Evan and Kaitlyn had made her cum at that first meeting, Viv had wanted to keep Kaitlyn, which also gave her Ethan and Damian who completed her triad, and that had brought Petra, the lead programmer for these three, as their minder. Assignments made, Viv, Aleisha and the others had worked with their bots and minders learning the controls for movement, the rather limited vocal skills the bots had and discussing various options for the big reveal on Valentine's Day. Nada and Morgan had monitored all of them and offered ideas.
As the day had gone on and discussions and plans had moved beyond the basics to what key ideas their minders had to offer about the, "you know, the fucking," as Wyman had said, they'd all been surprised at how little experience with actual sex any of these galaxy brains had with these bots! Nada had been the one with the clear idea these were SEXbots, but Viv and her teammates had found even her with little direct experience on the subject. They'd shared amused surprise at the group breakfast after that first night, when Viv had gladly started the reviews of the night before.
"I had the boys spit roast me, they did well at that. Whoever designed that cum they shoot has never tasted real cum, this stuff is way too good," she'd said to the unanimous agreement of her teammates and Nada had smirked while Petra had looked confused, "Kaitlyn and I worked each over on a 69. She was even better than on the table. After that, I was ready. So I wanted to get on my knees and have the boys to DP me. Well... they tried. Finally gave up and just fucked 'em one at a time, flipped a coin who got which hole."
"Tried that too," Aleisha had confirmed, "couldn't get it either."
"Me and Ozzie did Kesha," Jamal's addition, "but that was easy. I just had Ozzie on his back and Kesha on top."
"Hey, Petra," Viv had said, "maybe we should try the DP out here. They're good sizes, filled me up nicely. Need someone to control at the same time and fine-tune 'em."
That had been when she'd registered the embarrassment on the genius programmer's face. Fortunately Nada had stepped in and took the lead from the red-faced younger woman and with a fair amount of effort, the rest of the morning they'd focused on getting Viv a good DP. As expected, Ethan and Damian had then informed the rest of the bunch. Nada's teams might be geniuses at programming and building the most human-like bots around, but what they knew about sex seemed to confirm every super-nerd stereotype Viv had ever held. All theory and nothing practical!
The second night the bots had been smoother. Aleisha had brought her triad to Viv's room and they'd swapped. They'd taken the opportunity to go one better, adding a third male bot had been much smoother than getting the initial DP.
"He just has to stick it there and have it hard," Viv had said, "and you suck it. And the one under you is easy. It's the one doing your ass that's the hard part to get right, and that's not something you want going wrong!"
Aleisha had grunted agreement. Her mouth had been full at the time so speech was limited. They'd each taken a turn at getting airtight. Each had then fucked their fembot, before they had them pair off with a male bot each while the two human women fucked the other males. But they'd agreed pillow talk was not a strength for the bots so they'd set the six of them to charging up for their big debuts the next day and snuggled into bed together.
"I finally get my face between these thighs," Aleisha had said. Neither had managed as much sleep as might have been a good idea, but they were used to that at these conferences.
When Viv had led her triad onto the show floor about an hour after the official opening time, Petra had been at a nearby booth, hoping to pass as just another attendee. Viv wondered if anyone was fooled by her, but once attention was on the bots she'd stuck to the edge of the followers and seemed to escape extra notice.
So far, the bots had given a couple of shows where in one Ethan had drilled a bent over Kaitlyn from behind and a second where she'd knelt and given Damian a blowjob. The handlers had been assigned separate sections of the expo floor, with some overlaps that they'd generally timed to have separate triads interact with bot on bot sucking and fucking quickies. There'd been a few cases where bots had kissed or fondled willing viewers, but that'd been the limit.
It was time for the finale. As planned each handler had spiraled into the 'center' of their assigned space to hopefully gather as many attendees as far apart as possible. These shows normally discouraged open, public sex on the expo floor as it got in the way of attendees buying things; all-out fucking was saved for the after-show party later this same evening with its extra admission charge and most of Margaret's folks participated enthusiastically, with each other and with paying guests. But Nada had managed to convince the organizers to relent. Her bots not only had permission for the demos Viv had already instructed them to give, but to pull in human volunteers as the day's climax. Nada and Morgan didn't want the 'trainers' to perform directly, but to coax others. Viv caught eyes with a couple of her coworkers, a boy and a girl, dressed as attendees and posed as a couple in the crowd. Each handler had a pair as a fallback.
"If all of you are impressed with what you've seen so far," Viv said in her best announcer's voice as she half-turned to face the following crowd, "you haven't yet seen the best!"
She was glad the day was almost at an end. She was used to talking the whole day, but that was conversation. She knew how to project her voice, but it wasn't something she'd do for this long! Wine would help. No. It would be required.
"Hey, Sue," she said to the redheaded teammate in the angel costume, who'd turned at the approach of the crowd, "want to take one of these bad boys for a test ride?"
Viv liked Sue. You just had to be careful around the woman. Her 'day job' was writing novels, mostly romances but also the odd crime fiction with plenty of blood and guts. For the romances she had a couple of author alter-egos, one wrote sappy crap and the other one did hard-edged stuff that Viv usually enjoyed. Except when she noticed bits of her adventures. Everyone knew Sue mined these conferences for her books, some of their teammates expressed glee when they put the puzzle pieces together, but the angel for the day was careful. As a rule, families and day job coworkers who were her readers wouldn't easily recognize folks unless they'd been given a thorough recap of the conference's minutiae.
Sue's face worked through a variety of emotions as she glanced from Viv to the triad. White, feathery wings flapped behind her and a halo bounced above red hair. She had a tiny white skirt and a white bustier with ribs that were barely pink with cups that didn't fully cover her nipples. Like all of their team, she had nothing under her skirt. And unusually, Margaret had relented to let her wear white, high-top Doc Martens instead of heels. And, oddly, even though Viv and most of the team considered the angel just about the prettiest of their whole bunch, for some reason Sue herself scoffed at that. Ah, well, Viv thought, whatever her odd thinking today she was quite the representative from heaven.
At the far side of the booth, Rachel was the demonic sister to Sue, black hair bunched around red horns and with a red tail, but black, leathery wings and her clothes matched Sue's, except in glossy black and her bustier had even less cover for her large, dark nipples. Everyone felt that Viv and Rachel had to somehow be related, the demon for the day a shade darker, but their heights, faces, even tits and nipples, matched. Both had finally accepted the physical resemblance, but their personalities weren't so well matched. Except that at the moment, Rachel's hands were all over three handsome guys and their hands returned the favor. The demon had inspired Margaret to set the team a gang-bang challenge that only the new weirdo Riku had accepted. Everyone had expected Viv would be the only real challenger to Rachel but even without the 'special assignment,' Viv wouldn't have wanted to give Rachel the satisfaction of beating her in such a contest and despite the fact Riku had all but conceded, Viv was certain Rachel would add these three gropers to her count at her next break!
Viv's thoughts quickly drove back to Sue's apparent surprise at the triad's arrival before she smiled. She'd brought the bots past this booth, but Ivy and Lisa had been on shift, not these two. Rumors about the 'special assignment' had made it through the team, but the handlers had all obeyed the request to not send pictures. They were happy to spring the surprise on everyone.
Vivian stopped and stepped aside and the crowd shuffled into a half circle. She tapped at her pad and the three bots walked to a frozen Sue. Ethan put his hands on her shoulders, bent and kissed the angel. Sue's eyes widened for a moment the first time before she settled into the kiss after a moment. Viv knew the lips were good imitations, but not perfect. But Sue seemed satisfied. Sue blinked when Ethan moved and she more readily accepted Damian's kiss. After a moment he sidled so the two bracketed Sue as Kaitlyn stepped forward. Viv tapped.
"Hello, Sue," the fembot said and Sue smiled, "you're very beautiful."
The fembot put her arms out and embraced Sue and the human returned it and they kissed, they were essentially the same height. Although she and Rachel weren't exactly friends and they as well as Sue all definitely preferred males, none of them would turn down a pretty woman. Like the previous night, Viv warmed at THAT memory as she tapped her pad and Kaitlyn finally broke the kiss. Sue's tongue flicked on her lips.
Kaitlyn quickly grabbed the hems of the togas Ethan and Damian wore. They both displayed instantly erect cocks. The fembot undid the hook on her wrap minidress and dropped it down her shoulders to let it fall to the floor. The fembot bent quickly at the waist and sucked in Ethan's cock. Viv and Sue traded looks.
"C'mon, Sue," Viv said loudly enough for most of the gathered watchers to hear, "that second one's lonely. Might be bit of an effort, you can suck it all down..."
Sue blinked and looked around and traded looks with Rachel, who gestured with an arm and mouthed 'go for it!' Then she caught Viv's eyes and the bot handler repeated the instruction. More blue LEDs lit up around the scene and a few of the watchers tried to get a chant going.
"Suck him, suck him," Viv smiled, it was her planted teammates.
"Oh, I don't know," Sue said, "should I?"
Viv smiled. The angel's voice was all faux innocence. Time to up the ante. She tapped her pad.
"My cock is ready for you," Damian said in a languorous baritone, Viv had kicked up his volume to be sure the crowd heard him, "and my cum is nice and sweet, beautiful redheaded lady."
Viv snorted softly and grinned at Sue's quick glare. Damian hadn't lied, his cum was nice and sweet, unlike the load Sue'd swallowed at last summer's show in Vegas. As the gossip had made it through the team, all but the resolutely straight guys winced at similar memories. But, somehow, the fact it'd driven the one most reticent to voice complaints had made it all the more memorable. And indicated how terrible that guy's juice must've tasted.
But the angel squatted and pushed her mouth over the hard prick as her wings flapped slightly. Next to her the fembot made low sucking sounds and Ethan's hands held her shoulders and he moaned. Damn. Sue sucked him fully in and backed off to keep only the head in her mouth as her cheeks flexed slowly three times. She did another slow deep throat before she pulled her mouth free. She kissed the cock before she stood up. Viv started to speak but read Sue's expression and stayed silent. What the redhead had in mind, she didn't know.
Viv watched her scan the crowd before her gaze seemed to lock on a couple. The bot handler's eyebrow rose quickly and she offered a soft nod. The woman had long strawberry blonde hair that fell loosely below her black, pointed witch's hat with a broad brim, a deep V-necked dress with three-quarters sleeves that from the waist down was strips that reached only to mid-thighs and emphasized her hourglass figure. She had black stockings that left a gap of bare flesh below the dress and strappy black platforms on her feet. Her husband had sandy brown hair and wore leather pants and a faux-fur vest and his face had makeup so he looked like a cat. The witch's familiar. Viv guessed they were close to forty, but both were quite fit.
Sue held their eyes before she used an index finger in a come here gesture. She glanced at the bots then back at the couple. Their resolve set, they crossed the space.
Sue put her hand under the witch's chin and held the woman and the brim of that pointed hat hit her halo. The witch and the angel. Viv smiled at it. Some sort of omen! Their cheeks flexed as their mouths pressed against each other before Sue backed off and turned slightly then used both hands to pull the cat's mouth slightly down to reach hers. The witch smiled as her familiar kissed the angel. After a moment she broke that kiss as well and spread her arms and placed a hand on two shoulders.
"Want to be the show?" She asked them. They looked at each other for a moment but then both looked at her and nodded and smiled as she smiled back. Sue led their gazes to confirm their offer to Viv.
Well, thought Viv, that seemed... easy. She guessed that Sue must have some connection to this couple but she didn't know what it might be. Whatever it was, hopefully these civilians wouldn't go limp at the moment of truth. No matter how horny some people were, she knew that actually whipping it out in public and slamming it home was sometimes a step too far. Or, getting it slipped in. That'd been the reason for a pair of teammates hidden in their crowds, no one who was shy in public made it onto Margaret's crew.
"This is Peter and Lois," Sue announced as she ran her hand down the front of the familiar's torso and continued past his waistband and slowly stroked his crotch. She looked him in the eyes and he smiled and nodded. She and Lois looked at each other, the witch's tongue ran quickly between her lips.
"Feel this," Sue said as she guided Peter's right hand onto the bent over fembot's ass and led it between the legs, "feel how wet she is?"
Viv smiled at Peter's slightly surprised look. They'd been allowed to 'leak' to the team that the fembots were self-lubricating, thinking that might ease things along today. Apparently, it worked. A tap had instructed Kaitlyn to prepare herself. She had no idea where Nada had gotten the lube the fembots used, she wanted some for herself!
Peter pulled his hand back slightly before he pushed his fingers into the fembot's opening. The bot reacted by sidling its feet slightly apart but it didn't lose its pace sucking the male bot's cock. Peter nudged his wife and her hand joined his and both of their mouths opened slightly as they worked the opening with their fingers. After a few seconds Lois locked her husband's gaze to hers and spoke.
"So, dear, you going to fuck her or we just gonna wank here? Sue, give him a hand?"
Sue hesitated for only an instant before she nodded and quickly worked the zipper of his leather pants down. They were snug but it wasn't a terrible chore and Sue worked his semi-erect cock through the slit in his tight briefs and stroked it.
"Help him," Lois had a gleam in her eyes and her statement was clearly meant to be heard by the crowd, who murmured.
Sue quickly kissed Lois as the woman and her husband continued to finger the fembot. Sue's hand wrapped and twisted along Peter's shaft then she bent over and licked along his prick. He shivered slightly and felt him harden as she pushed her mouth onto his cock and sucked. Lois sidled behind Sue and lifted the short skirt up to expose her ass and the witch pushed her fingers along the angel's ass crease to follow it around before she'd clearly found the redhead's pussy.
"The bot's not the only one nice and wet," Lois told the crowd, "there's three of us!"
A cheer for that. Holy shit, thought Viv, did Nada plant this couple?
Sue sucked hard and moved back and forth until she was certain and Peter's chin rose and his mouth opened as one hand continued to finger the fembot while his other rubbed the back of Sue's neck. He shuffled his feet and Lois nudged Sue and she released the cock, it stood rigid and quivered with his rapid heartbeat. The witch's right arm pressed her husband's back and her left grabbed the cock to guide him until she had his prick at the entrance and she rubbed the head of it along the lips.
Viv tapped her pad and Kaitlyn stopped sucking and pushed the male bot slightly away. She adjusted her feet slightly, Nada's programmers had this as a preset position. Viv was a bit jealous, she liked this position as well but the bots were able to handle a wider range of partners.
"Fuck me, Peter," the fembot's voice was lustful hoarseness and she wiggled her ass for a moment and rubbed herself against him.
"Holy shi...," Peter said.
"She's better at this than I've ever been," Lois said to draw laughter from the onlookers as she pushed her husband and he buried his prick. The fembot arched her neck back and moaned. Peter put his hands on her hips and fucked his artificial lover with long, slow strokes.
Lois sidled slightly and put her arm around Sue's waist and she reciprocated. Hat hit halo once again.
"Suck or fuck, Lois?" Sue asked as the two women looked at the pair of male bots.
"There's two of them...," the witch said slowly but clearly to the crowd, "hopefully I'll have better luck with the one in my mouth than you did..."
Viv had to stifle her smirk. It seemed everyone knew that she'd had the skankiest mouthful of cum in recent history. Then she caught Rachel's grin. The witch and angel looked at her and she nodded. What the witch wanted wasn't an issue for these bad boys.
She kissed a surprised Sue quickly and out of the corner of her eye the costumed angel saw the demonic smirk that matched Rachel's costume. She gave the visitor from hell a 'just you wait' look and looked at Lois. The witch's face showed lust and anticipation. Her husband continued his slow strokes as he fucked the fembot and it moaned.
"Can you be a sweetheart," Lois said to Sue as she handed her the hat, "I'm not as brave as you. I need someone to take my underwear off!"
She nudged Sue slightly and bent over and sucked Damian's shaft into her mouth. Sue quickly set the hat on the booth's counter nearest them then caressed the witch's partially bare back with her hand as she walked to stand at the woman's shapely ass.
"Lois, baby," the bot responded with that slow and deep voice, "that feels so good."
Sue lifted the lower part of the witch's dress and worked it over the woman's hips. The woman had a black g-string over her garters. As if she'd planned to remove it at some point. Sue grabbed the waistband of the underwear and worked them down and kept pressure on each silk-covered leg. She tapped the woman's ankles lightly in turn and she lifted each and Sue stood and held her trophy above her head to a cheer.
She glanced at Viv, who mouthed 'call him.' Sue shrugged and looked at the second male bot.
"Can you make love to a woman's sweet pussy?"
"I can," Ethan said in his slightly higher voice. The bot walked around Peter as he fucked the bent over fembot and Sue backed off slightly as the bot approached the woman.
"Be gentle, big guy," Lois said quickly before she pushed her mouth back onto the fake cock in front of her.
"I will, sweet lady," the bot responded. It shuffled its feet and for an instant Sue thought it was off balance but it adjusted and slid its cock to the entrance of its intended target.
Lois's hand reached back and she released the cock from her mouth and moaned as she guided the second prick into her pussy.
"Fuck that bitch hard, Peter," Lois said before she grunted as one bot pushed himself to full depth behind her and pushed the second cock fully into her throat. She jerked her body back and forth and the two sped. Her husband slammed himself fully into the fembot who again arched its neck and moaned loudly. Sue shuffled away to stand next to Viv as her teammate glanced at the quartet then back at some displays on the pad she held in her hands but her hands weren't on the controls.
"They do THAT themselves?" Sue asked her quietly.
"Yeah," Viv said, "it's almost... scary. Given all three thorough workouts. Too bad I can't afford 'em. They learn quickly and they're lots less trouble than actual people."
She and Sue looked at each other for a moment. She'd never known Sue to admit to any actual relationships, she fucked as readily as any of them at these shows but in the outside world? Maybe she saved it all and used it to drive writing those books of hers. But there was SOMETHING recognizable in her eyes. Viv had always been the one to do the dumping, but this last one... but no time now.
"So what's your costume?" Sue asked her. Viv smiled. She had high, silver heels, a silver skirt no longer than the angel's, a silver blazer, buttoned, but without shirt or bra. Her brown hair was bunched around a silver tiara. The costume hadn't been what she'd planned, but Nada and Morgan had wanted them to have 'science fictiony' costumes. It's been Wyman who'd given her the name though, as they'd seen each other at breakfast.
"I'm Queen of the Moon," she said softly and Sue nodded before she took a step forward, "Peter, Lois, please say 'stop.'"
Peter responded almost instantly and the fembot froze with its head still back and its mouth locked open. It took Lois another heartbeat and she mewed slightly as the cock popped free of her mouth and she gave the word. Both male bots stopped and stood still.
"You can program them to use any safe word you desire," Viv explained to the crowd, "but this is just the default. Peter, Lois, say 'fuck me.'"
The couple did so and the bots resumed their motions.
"If you lose consciousness they're programmed to stop and render aid. Lois, if you don't mind, could you go limp, please?"
Lois gave her a sharp side-eye but she adjusted her feet and her body sagged. Both bots responded instantly, Damian grabbed her shoulders and Ethan gripped her hips where he could support her weight. Cocks popped free from her pussy and mouth.
"Hey," her body firmed and she spoke loudly, "goddammit, bitch, you gonna let these bad boys fuck me into next week or what?"
"Say 'fuck me, boys.'" Viv said, Lois snorted hard and repeated it and the bots adjusted their grips and she reached back to quickly guide the cock back into her cunt then sucked the second one fully into her mouth. They returned to work on the goal of fucking her into next week.
"All phrases are programmable, including the ability to program them to call 9-1-1 or a friend in case of emergency," Viv said as she walked a slow circuit and caught eyes through the crowd, "don't stop, Lois, but when you want them to cum simply tell them so. They can go as... long... as... you... want. To get them to speed up or slow down, move yourself back and forth faster or slower."
The woman huffed but she sped and the bots responded. After a moment she slowed almost to stillness and they responded in turn. Peter did likewise and the fembot's reactions mirrored. Lois kicked herself into high gear and was quickly being slammed back and forth. Viv bent and whispered something in the witch's ear before she stood and stepped back.
"She's much better at that than you are," Viv said softly to Sue, the redhead grunted. Her expression promised retribution at the proper time and Viv's eyes twinkled. But at least her mood had lightened so maybe taking a hit was a kindness.
For now.
Peter's breath had become choppy and rapid. Lois gurgled and drooled as she was doubly impaled repeatedly and one of her hands held the male bot's hip as she sucked it and her other hand rubbed between her thighs. The crowd chanted and cheered at the scene.
"Oh... ah... oh... fuck... I'm...," Peter said before he grunted when Viv tapped her pad and the fembot pulled forward and turned. It didn't so much squat as drop to its knees with a barely audible 'thunk' before it sucked the man's cock into its mouth, "coming! Fuck! Ah."
He grabbed the fembot's head and his hips pumped forward to bury his entire prick into the ready mouth. His hips continued to jerk and his neck arched back as he pumped an apparently significant load of his juice into what was clearly an expert at swallowing everything a man could give.
At that moment Lois's body jerked and quivered a half dozen times before she settled and scrunched her body and released both cocks and more gracefully knelt on the industrial carpet that covered the concrete floor so her left side was to the bulk of the crowd. She spread her arms and the bots reacted to her touches on their hips to move to stand in front of her.
"Both of you CUM," she said firmly, "FACIAL."
Both bots sprayed viscous white goo from their pricks onto the waiting woman's face. She opened her mouth to take a shot from each on her tongue, further spurts covered her cheeks and forehead and a couple landed in her flying strawberry blonde hair. From a distance it looked as realistic as most cum, but the bots were certainly more prolific than most. Finally they stopped and Lois grabbed first one prick to lick clean and then the other as the crowd cheered. Peter reached and she took his hand and stood as the flaps of her dress fell back into place. They raised their clenched hands and both bowed to applause and cheers.
"That's the sweetest cum I've ever tasted," Lois said clearly with a quick glance at Sue. Viv chuckled and the redhead gave her an elbow in the gut that promised more later before she walked to the counter and with a look the sales guy behind the counter pulled a towel from a hidden niche. Viv stepped forward to stand alongside the male bots as the fembot continued to kneel.
"Give Peter and Lois another cheer," Viv said and the audience obeyed.
"Where's my g-string, Angel?" Lois asked Sue, who retrieved it and the peaked hat from the counter and Sue handed the underwear over but the witch refused the towel. Instead of putting the g-string on she reached under her dress and made a show of wiping it along what had to be a nicely wet pussy. Then she held it up.
"Single women only," Lois said firmly and held the g-string up, "whoever catches this will find their true love tonight!"
After a moment the group mind understood and folks shuffled quickly to allow a half dozen costumed women to collect in a knot at the front. Lois smiled and turned and threw the g-string like a bridal bouquet over her head. Squeals as hands reached. A twenty-something woman in what Viv guessed was a 'slutty elf' costume caught it. She assumed the pure white hair was dyed because her eyebrows were dark although her skin was pale. She had a green smock that only barely obscured her tits or crotch and when she'd reached for the prize everyone would've seen she was cleanly shaven. There was something cloudy about her bright green eyes. Her pointy ears were seamless, that and the eyes implied almost professional attention. A couple of the other women who were apparently her friends also had straight hair with the same cut but one had it dyed green and the other dyed bright pink. All were dressed similarly except the other two smocks were varied brown colors but none provided more than minimal coverage and the other two had regular ears but both had white pixie horns. All had green eyes and the two pixies jostled with the elf but the latter had her prize and wasn't giving it up. But their laughter made clear there was no animosity.
The other disappointed young women offered fake smiles before they sidled away. Lois bent and gave her husband's cock a slow and deep suck. Then she restored it to its hidden position and worked his zipper up and put her arm around Kaitlyn's shoulders.
"This girl's pussy tastes as good as the cum from the boys," Lois said to the crowd. Another round of cheers and she kissed the fembot's cheek and released her.
Kaitlyn grabbed her dress from the floor and stood and pulled it on and rehooked it to drive another round of cheers. The erect cocks of the male bots deflated and they adjusted their togas back down.
"Peter, Lois," Viv said, "you've been magnificent. I have gifts for you! Everyone, come on over and I'll get you information. And if you want to take a bot, or three, home, we have a few on hand. But orders WILL be taken and you'll have them soon! Skin, hair, breast size, voice, cock size, it can all be customized. And adjusted at any time!"
Sue took a step and Lois kissed her and with her face still covered by the congealing cum. Sue's eyebrows rose as she licked her lips and the witch smirked before she took her hat back and donned it then turned and slid her arm around her husband's and they moved just behind Viv as she strutted at the head of the parade, the bots with their clumsy-but-not-clumsy gaits followed.
THAT had gone very well, Viv thought as her crowd of followers chattered animatedly. She really did need to work out a budget to afford one of these.
Something's Wrong with Lachlan
'Hair of the Dog,' Viv smiled thinking about the label, 'Registered Trademark, US and International Patents Pending.' She was good at marketing, but it took nads harder than brass to use THAT name for your magical hangover cure. And make it work.
But the shit WORKED!
For some definition of worked.
She squeezed Lachlan's left hand with both of hers, he'd let her pull it to rest between and on top of her thighs just above her knees as they sat on the A line. Neither owned a car, URide could be summoned easily, but she liked trains and both their home and destination were no more than a couple of blocks from stations. And the city's traffic meant it was faster than URide anyway.
The throbbing headaches and dry mouth were gone, thanks to Hair of the Dog. And a gallon of water. But her memories of the previous evening were still wrapped in fuzz. Apparently the woman in the green dress was named Wilhelmina, no, Willy. Viv had, somehow, ended up on the her back on the table with her legs held high and wide, having loudly instructed Lachlan to "fuck my ass HARD, big boy!" And he'd obviously obeyed to the letter, her butt was still... tender. Willy had crawled on top of her for a sixty-nine while THAT had happened. Viv wasn't sure if she'd made Willy cum, her attention to her task had probably been lax, but right after she'd had her own screaming climax that total slut had yelled at Lachlan to give her HIS cum. His cock had gone straight from the prone brunette's ass to the waiting mouth. The screamed "that's the best cum I've ever tasted" was apparently heartfelt.
On top of it all, what had started as a ménage a trois had become an uh, a ménage a cinq? On the apparent condition that Willy let Lachlan ram her ass AT LEAST as hard as he'd done Viv's! All of this was according to Lachlan's recollections, and Viv had little reason to doubt him. Including Willy's confident claim that her ass could handle anything Viv's could.
And the bitch had never stopped streaming! They were splitting whatever that slut earned off her stream, but, oh god! At some point both buttons on Viv's blouse had been released. Maybe that someone had been her. Or, she'd told Lachlan to do it. Well, she did have an awesome set. But, really. He'd been kind enough to redo the buttons before they'd hit the street, but they'd had a last round after the buggering and the buttons had been unemployed while they'd sipped.
But her blog was off the charts! Deb had gotten huge traffic for her stream of Lachlan's song, and with Willy and everyone else at Botanical doing the same and referencing her blog... and her extended family seeing it all? Maybe it'd be new to the Martian branch, if they suddenly decided to reconnect. To everyone else... ah, Viv did what? Huh. She still alive? Suppose so. Ah, well, never mind then.
She'd only made it home because Lachlan had all but carried her. The asshole had ensured she'd made it to the toilet, then had either guided her or had actually cleaned off her makeup! She should murder him. In preparation, she squeezed his hand harder. He responded by putting his second hand on the mass that was his left hand and both of hers. He needed to die. But for now, she snuggled closer, kept her eyes closed and leaned her head against his shoulder.
She blinked. Shit. She'd fallen asleep. Despite her sunglasses, she pushed her eyelids to slits to adjust to the late morning sunlight as she felt the slight jostle.
"Next stop, sweetheart," Lachlan's voice was soft, but not a whisper and he punctuated the statement with a soft squeeze of her hands. She blinked again and turned her head and untangled her left hand so she could pull her sunglasses off.
"Do I look like shit?"
"You look like you had too much alcohol last night and didn't get enough sleep."
"You need to learn to lie, asshole."
"You look incredible, baby."
She put her sunglasses back on to hide her smile. She knew her mouth didn't show it, but her eyes certainly did. She knew her makeup was heavier than usual to cover the dark circles and bagginess. But the expression that'd faced her conveyed acceptance.
Lachlan had claimed he knew no more of the reasons for this sudden visit than he'd told her before the previous evening had gone upside down, so she'd treated it like a visit to her highest-spending customer or most demanding client. But the lack of clarity nagged at her.
As Lachlan had noted before they'd left, her dark chocolate skirt was two and three-eighths inches, which entitled her to the matching thong panties and with the special proviso her open cup bra under the form-fitting thin, white fabric of her pullover top with its very low and round neckline. Her formal-cut jacket matched the color and allowed her to save what would be barely obscured nipples for an opportune moment. She'd even added a gold necklace just long enough for its emerald surrounded by tiny diamonds to rest where the swells of her breasts didn't quite meet. Matching petite hoop earrings in place of her usual studs completed her enhanced uniform.
She accepted her vanity. But she focused on her figure, hair and clothing. Beyond her usual stud earrings, she rarely bothered with accessories. Even her purse, currently situated on Lachlan's lap, was stylish but lacked a logo. Before wristpads more powerful than the room-sized mainframe computers her dad had earned a good living programming became ubiquitous she'd rarely worn even a watch, much less multiple gold or jeweled bands, as did her mother and plenty of friends.
The tram stopped and they stood and exited after the doors snicked open. Her high heels clicked on the sidewalk as they held hands and walked with a deliberate pace, they'd be a couple of minutes late as she'd aimed for. Her home was regularly accused of being the poster child for sprawl, but that was unfair. What looked in the modern age as a collection of 'satellite' downtowns in a seemingly random pattern around the 'real' downtown had been intentional choices made in an earlier time. A time when it was expected a rain of nuclear missiles might descend. The spacing had been such that an enemy would have to dedicate dozens, not a couple, of such missiles to truly damage American industries and people. It'd simply been that the empty spaces between had been filled in. Despite vacation season ending, commuter traffic wasn't heavy enough to slow them appreciably. She led Lachlan into the lobby of one of the cookie-cutter skyscrapers and once in the elevator she pushed nine. Lachlan didn't show it, but she realized her grip on his hand was so tight she was hurting herself! She forced the grip to loosen but she couldn't shake the worry.
Lachlan held one of a pair of frosted glass doors, next to a small brass plaque that was the only marker, but the distance to any other doors indicated the space inside was the entire half of the building. Viv removed her sunglasses as she entered the softly lit reception area. A dark head could be seen behind the counter of cream-colored wood, topped by a surface trimmed with chrome. The stylized logo, a chrome capital 'H' with its inward-curving sides that looked like someone had squeezed it, glinted from a few of the low bulbs.
"Viv!" The dark-haired figure behind the counter said in a gleeful voice as she looked up from her computer screen before she stood quickly. Her chair rolled to bang against the wall behind her. Viv smiled and walked forward as she heard Lachlan's soft chuckle as he followed her in.
"Kaitlyn," Viv said brightly and opened her arms to wrap the receptionist in a mutual hug before the dark head pulled back and gave her a quick kiss, "you're looking hot!"
Kaitlyn took one of her odd steps back and gestured down her body. She grabbed the front hem of her fitted, light orange dress.
"Two and a half inches," she said proudly as she lifted the hem, "I'm wearing my thong."
Viv laughed as she saw the triangle of matching orange color before the fembot spun and bent slightly to display her bare and shapely ass cheeks with an orange strap between them. She dropped the cloth as she spun again and moved her fingers to the third button down on the dress, the topmost one done up.
"And no bra! Here, I'll show---."
"That's okay, Kaitlyn," Viv said between laughs, "I know that you wouldn't cheat on the rules."
"Ah, big sister," Lachlan said, "you got the email."
Kaitlyn stepped forward and hugged him quickly. "Of course, little brother. We all did."
"Hey, Kaitlyn," Viv said and took a moment to put her sunglasses in her purse as Kaitlyn stepped back from Lachlan, "what's up? Why the meeting today?"
The fembot's face didn't manage confused doubt all that well, but the attempt was serious.
"She hasn't told me. They all came to town late last night. Told me to expect you."
"Last night?" Viv's worry kicked up a notch. "And, all? Who, all?"
Before the fembot could answer, a door to their left of the reception counter opened. All three heads turned.
"Fashionably late, Viv, right on time."
"Mom," Lachlan said and he walked to meet the new arrival and they hugged. Her heels lifted slightly to kiss his cheek. She was as 'dressed up' as Viv had ever seen her, nice slacks instead of jeans and a gray blouse that was only a half size too large. Mary Janes with showy buckles instead of her usual plain loafers.
"Good morning to you, too, Nada," Viv said, "I didn't know you were coming to town. Why the big secret?"
She didn't like Nada's smile. It wasn't a happy smile. It didn't seem like a mean one either, though. It seemed... concerned. Something WAS wrong. Nada and Morgan had flown Viv and Aleisha and the others to their Bay Area labs to 'consult' since the February show and she felt they'd become at least casual friends. And the woman might be a genius when it came to computers and robots, but like so many of her fellow geeks, psychology wasn't a strong suit. Her face wore her thoughts.
"Don't be so hasty, Viv, I actually have a nice surprise for later. For now, let's have a cup of coffee and sit down. You look like you could use one."
Thanks, Viv exhaled slowly but didn't say aloud. The twinkle in those gray eyes made clear her hostess had seen hers and Lachlan's performance. She knew her own expression switched to confusion when queen of the nerdettes Petra came through the same doorway Nada had used and a couple of her compatriot nerd boys Viv could never remember the names of stood behind her in the passage. Like their boss, their smiles hid concern. And... curiosity?
"I told you they all came," Kaitlyn said brightly. Viv hummed with a slow exhale. This was a satellite office for the company. Nada came to town on a periodic basis to meet suppliers, her few local employees, or when a particularly important customer needed to be Impressed. But she'd always let Viv know ahead of time, and they'd had a few nice dinners. But Viv had always been disappointed she'd never been able to get the woman really drunk and pick up a couple of guys for them to share. Viv freely admitted she'd pried, and she'd discerned Nada was about as far to the 'I like boys' side of the ledger as one could get, with only a slight possibility of Viv's flexibility on the matter. Whether she was also ace or demi as well, Viv only suspected, weird given her line of work. That Petra seemed a step beyond that on all bases was beyond Viv's ability to understand, and the couple of occasions she'd been in town with Nada and Viv had extended the invitation to include her had been politely rebuffed.
Through more frosted doors to the opposite side of the reception counter from these arrivals was a warren of cubicles and fancy meeting rooms. Besides Kaitlyn, as much demo as receptionist, few staffers came to the office regularly. Like Viv, their offices were their laptops or pad'puters and commeras and wrist pads, and they used the rooms here when they had specific clients or partners who wanted to see the offerings before committing to anything. She and the others had been given tours; in addition to the companion bots, there were industrial and heavy labor bots, many of them built for function or strength as opposed to appearance, and with far simpler and usually single-function programming. Nada and Petra and her two boys had come from the side with repair stations and labs and prosaic meeting rooms. Viv couldn't tell, but she had the impression the fancy side would be unoccupied today.
"Lachlan," Nada said as she looked at him, "go with Petra, please. She has some games for you to play."
"Ok," Lachlan said as he took a step but stopped when Viv put her hand on his chest. She took her own step and moved her fingers to his chin and nudged him to bend over so she could put her mouth next to his ear.
"Come back to me, no matter what," she whispered, "I tell you three times."
Then she moved and kissed him. She forced his mouth open and pulled back once they'd touched tongues.
"Have fun, lover," she said conversationally as she sidled slightly to clear his path.
"I will, sweetheart," he said. He smiled and followed Petra and her two nerd boys, all of them with that odd expression.
"Man the fort out here, Kaitlyn," Nada said to the smiling fembot, who nodded, "let us know when the others arrive."
"Yes, mom," Kaitlyn said brightly as she walked around the counter and rolled her chair into place and sat.
"C'mon, Viv," Nada said, "let's get a coffee. You know I'm damned good with that machine back there."
Viv chuckled, nodded and followed the jeans-clad woman through the door. The woman might or might not know how to suck a cock or eat a pussy, but she did make a mean cappuccino.
Viv sipped her drink with her eyes closed when she felt as much as heard Nada enter the room and opened her eyes as the other woman set her laptop on the table and flipped it open as she sat down. She sipped at her Americano.
"Nada," Viv said, after an instant the woman looked up from the screen, "cut the shit. What's up?"
She knew her voice was possibly harsher than necessary, but the Hair of the Dog wasn't magic. The headaches were gone but she still felt drained.
Nada sucked her lips into her mouth for a moment, looked down at her screen and nodded.
"Ok, Viv, I'm sorry this is all sudden and seems... uh, odd. Because it is. Here. Listen to this."
A song came over hidden speakers around the room. The decor might've been functional, but the electronics were top shelf. Viv knew the song immediately.
"That's 'Some Enchanted Evening,'" she said, "obviously. From the new movie, not the original."
"Good ear," Nada nodded, "now, this."
A couple of key taps and the song ended. Then a new version started. Viv's eyes scrunched slightly as she focused on it.
"Someone's imitating the song. Doing it quite well, too."
"Do you know who?"
"Uh," Viv's voice had a hint of annoyance, so she upped that, "no. Wait, hell no. Good baritone though."
"That's Nathan. You know, Aleisha's Nathan. You know something about music?"
"I enjoy getting laid out on bar tables and ass fucked in public," Viv tried to keep her voice a light lilt but it wavered, "but I have other hobbies, too. Aleisha's the singer, but my parents made me take music lessons. I liked the theory part more than actually playing so quit that as soon as I managed to out wait my mom; can read, write music, and identify most instruments. And I know Nathan sings."
She tapped her purse. "I have a couple of duets she's sent me, if you want to hear."
"I've seen and heard some," Nada said with a softened tone, "they do well together. But, ok, here's this."
Another tap. It was the same song, but a significantly different register. Viv started to speak but Nada gave her a 'silence' gesture, so she shrugged and listened. Nada stopped the song about two-thirds of the way through and nodded at Viv.
"Soprano, not baritone. Never heard it that way, but it works if you don't think of the scene."
Nada nodded. "Ignoring the higher register, she's indeed good. throws in some unique bits here and there. Maybe it's to do with her voice, compared to the originals, that are all tenors or baritones. Can you guess the singer?"
Viv squinted. She was getting annoyed, but jumping onto the table and grabbing the bitch's head and smashing her face into it a few times was... probably a bad idea. She started to pitch her voice as sarcastically as she could and answer 'Kaitlyn' when something flipped in her brain.
"That's Felicia, that weird-ass futabot you built for Wyman," she said and Nada's quick smile confirmed it, "he seems to like his little toy."
"She's five-eleven not wearing those huge heels Wyman puts her in and she has muscles like Conan," Nada laughed, "not much little about her."
"Including her thirty-six triple dee tits and the nine inches hanging between her legs, well, I assume it hangs occasionally," Viv said with a chuckle, "nothing small indeed. How'd you get those tits so natural? Just the right bit of sag,"
"Modeled after your friend Diana's, not like there's not plenty of video of hers."
"Shit, yeah. Shoulda recognized 'em."
"From the responses to his blogs, I'm quite happy we happened to get him back in February. I'd been shot down by Morgan and everyone about futabots, but, well, they all like green and we already have orders. But, you're right, that's her."
"Why'd you make her so beautiful? I mean, except for her... uh... massive cock, she's lovelier than even Kaitlyn. Or like 99% of actual, real women. Or most any other fembot! But I need to bleach my brain," Viv said, her mood lightened, "the picture I get of what she's doing with that nine inches while she serenades Wyman... or he does to it while he's, uh, doing her, um, wait, she has..."
"A vagina. Of course. But, yeah, ick! But... well, this is the business I've chosen. Mustn't be judgmental. Wyman's livin' HIS dream!"
Viv inhaled deeply and let it out slowly. Nada looked back at her screen and shook her head slightly as she chuckled.
"Ok, Nada, singing bots. Like Lachlan. So what? You made them."
The change in Nada's expression was clear. "The singing is the point. Well, a point. There's something not right with Lachlan. There's a hint in Felicia's singing, but..."
Viv blinked before her expression settled between a glare and utter disbelief. "Not... not right? So he sings. You just showed me, they all sing. I'm guessing the one Gina has does too."
"Here," Nada tapped her keyboard. Viv's mouth opened but she held back and listened.
There were a few sounds of people in the background, a resonance that made clear this recording had been made outside, unlike the others. But the song was still clearly in the foreground. Viv wondered which stream Nada had chosen for this as Lachlan's version played over the speakers. She resisted, but only through the first few words, before she smiled. Her mood rose and her eyes unfocused as she stared at the beige wall behind and to the other woman's side. Her smile broadened and she licked her lips at the final "never let her go." Her body's lassitude had faded. She felt refreshed. And horny.
"Viv," the voice was soft, kind, but firm, "hey, Viv."
She shook her head and turned slightly. It took a moment for her to focus on Nada's worried expression.
"You know who that was," Nada said and Viv exhaled and gave an 'of course' gesture, "but, did you HEAR that?"
Viv's eyebrows tightened and she started to speak, but stopped. Her face softened as reran the memory.
"Him. And the others. Even... the movie. A professional singer/actor. But. Lachlan."
"Aleisha did call me, right after. Before dinner. She said he was good."
"Viv, Lachlan didn't sing that song." Viv couldn't hide her mute 'what the fuck' before Nada continued. "He reinterpreted it. No wonder you fucked his brains out in public, hell, had he been singing that to me, I'd've been on that table. But. I've watched the videos. Watched him looking at you, walking with you, singing TO you, FOR you. The other bots, MY other bots, they just imitate what they hear. Perfectly, but just mimicry. What they do. What I've built them to do. But Lachlan. Lachlan is not doing that, Viv."
Viv's mind couldn't get past Nada's comment about being on a table. Being on a table and getting fucked. In public. THIS woman.
By Lachlan. Anger rose, but the expression across the table wasn't what the blonde hostess at Impala had worn. It didn't go away, but worry bubbled higher.
"Are you saying he's going to go bad, Nada? You said he couldn't turn into a murderbot. You and Wyman talked, back in February, and more. Laws, or whatever, for all of them. Wyman's read all that space squid and murderbot and manga stuff."
Nada chuckled. "Where else would he get his... obsession. But we don't call them Laws, Viv, we don't want to... waste all our time arguing on the internet. We call them Behavioral Inhibitions."
"He wasn't very inhibited last night," Viv said with a flashed grin, "and my ass is still a bit... sore."
"But you learned that first day, if they really hurt you, they'll stop. He knew you weren't in real danger or anything. And you didn't stop him. BDSM is an area we've... not gone for. It can be enough trouble for people to get right. So, no. Lachlan's not going to turn murderbot. At least, I don't think so..."
"You... don't think so?"
"Viv... that diet plan you posted about. Did you tell him to do that?"
"Wha? Uh, no. I always complain about what I eat. I'm lucky, I work out like a demon, enjoy it. Good genes, too. But, he just listened to me, sprang it on me few days ago. Said he'd bought what he'd need for a week..."
"Did all that himself?"
"Yeah," Viv said brightly, "I just bitched about it, never bothered to do anything. But I only eat things I like, he spent a few weeks so, you said they can learn. He learned. His menus... all sound great. Except last night. Did our budget presentation, night to celebrate a bit so we went out. Look at Kaitlyn, she learned to be a receptionist."
"We adjusted her programming," Nada said, "had her watch lots of receptionists. She imitates. She's fine, so long as nothing weird happens. She'd even eat your pussy again---."
"Lachlan takes care of that just fine. But... if you'd like to give it a go... join us?" Viv gave her best leer.
Nada shook her head, glanced at her screen then back at Viv. "If you asked Kaitlyn to go shopping, or cook, or whatever, other than fucking and reception, she'd be lost. If you trained her on one, she'd lose something else. This new generation that you've had since after the Vegas show in June; Lachlan, Felicia, Nathan, the others, have half again more neuromorphic processors, double the memory, better and more sensors, much finer muscle control. And---."
"Their skin, it's... natural. I'd never heard about the 'uncanny valley' before Wyman brought it up. I've read about it since. Kaitlyn and Ethan and them were good, and the ones we had for the Vegas show in June too. Then you sprang these on us."
"We held them back from the show. With more processing power, we hoped they could learn, being in the community one on one. We'd study the changes in their programming and replicate in new ones as we build them."
"Lachlan's learned so much since June... he's even... started making jokes. New ones! He used to repeat ones he knew I liked, but now... he makes them up. He's so cute with that!"
Nada took a slow and very deep inhale. Yeah, thought Viv as her eyes flashed to fabric that'd gone snug across the woman's chest, there's an awesome set in there that's just screaming for the right blouse...
"But that's just... he's mostly the only one. Felicia tells people they meet it's good she's got such a big dick because Wyman's is so tiny so SOMEONE in the house has an impressive one. He put her up to that, but somewhere, it's her doing. Electric Brains wrote the substrate AI code, distills most of their 'intelligence,' but me, and especially Petra, have extended it, and did the parts specific to body movement and the like. Electric Brains does the thinking, we do the feeling. The 'humanity.' And as you know, Morgan's a genius at building the bodies. This new skin is used on burn patients, we've patented ways to grow it in bulk and a broader range of tones, sell it at cost to the medical industry. It's unfortunate it's needed, but it's good cash flow. But we help. We're the best we know of at what we're doing. But we didn't... couldn't... we don't know how to make Lachlan do what he's doing. Stuff I've never seen Electric Brains manage either, even on that new combined supercomputer quantum-neuromorphic system they released a few months back."
Viv looked at Nada. Quantum neurowhatsit? Computers. She'd been a girl when... something had happened. Someone called Black Cloud had posted incredibly advanced designs, processors, programs, these wrist pads, all that, on the internet before it was even the internet. Dad had said it'd taken a few years to even figure out how to build the stuff, but then it'd turned the world upside-down and the millennium had ticked over a couple of years ago and the new digits seemed to have accelerated the changes. Apparently Devil Girl had posted her Rules and other stuff about the same time. It was mostly sciencey stuff, outside of Viv's interest, but the Devil had also claimed that one set of aliens would attack the sun in a thousand years and another set of aliens were spying on humans. That'd meant most people had dismissed her stuff as fanciful. Viv didn't care about science fiction, but something about that statement had always stuck with her. Like the Rules.
Humaniforms. Electric Brains. U-Vision. Even URide seeming to know before you knew that you'd want a ride. Taxis in this and most cities had always been useless unless you were going to or from the airport and a city hotel. URide had stormed into the gap all over the world. All of them owed their existence to Black Cloud's tech. Viv and others owed debts to Devil Girl's unabashed sexuality. But Lachlan HAD changed. But, so what? That's what Nada had wanted them to do with these newest bots.
"When I read your blog about the cooking thing---," Nada interrupted Viv's thoughts.
"Nathan cooks for Aleisha," Viv interjected, "they all learned to cook. You said that was part of the test. I've seen Felicia's videos with her huge tits out, her, uh, her half-awake nine incher bouncing around under nothing but a tiny apron as she talks and cooks."
"Shit, those are POPULAR! We've got a 75-25 split with Wyman on what they make, he gets the 75, if you're wondering. 'Fixing Futa Food with Felicia,'" Nada said cheerfully, "but Wyman taught her how to do the show although she came up with the name. But they all cook what they get told. Or, pick randomly from lists. And the name is cute, but it's really just what she is and does. They can access the entire internet, watch videos and read up from the top chefs in the world. So, they learn the techniques and get the recipes. Lachlan did all that, but he ALSO studied YOU and created a personal menu. And."
Viv's mouth froze open when Nada raised a finger and looked hard. She morphed her expression to a soft smile and shrugged.
"I have a few musicians and singers I use as consultants. Surprised us, in surveys we do, after, uh, fuckability, cooking is second and musical talent is third, in what people want. Piano is good, guitars too, but lots of instruments are still hard, not quite the fine muscle control yet. But singing, that's easy, relatively speaking. But it's all mechanical, note perfect imitation. No... feeling. I've checked with a couple, ones who hadn't seen the videos. They were amazed, asked how the hell they've never heard this singer. Claim they'll make him, me and themselves rich as fuck. Told 'em I'd put him in touch."
"Maybe it's me... I'm just better than Aleisha and Gina and Wyman...," Viv said.
Nada laughed. "Viv, you're the one who admitted to a string of failures on that front. Your batting average had been... uh, perfect."
"Perfectly dreadful. I'm due a success!"
"You have taught him more about sex than... well, hell, you've taught ME more about sex than I even knew existed!"
"You need to get out more, Nada. Better, stay in bed more. C'mon, you've got an assembly line. Grab the next one for yourself. Write it off. Research. Lachlan can download all his sex tricks to the new one. Reprogram that one to not call you mom. Unless... hey, if that gets you off, go for it!"
Nada's reply was slowed by laughter but just as she'd settled both she and Viv's attention was drawn to the door when Petra stopped in the doorway and tapped on the open door.
"Hey, boss, got a minute?"
"Petra. Come in, sit down."
"Uh, um..."
"Petra, whatever you've found, tell Viv too."
Viv looked between the two as both flashed looks at her. She'd gotten to know Petra. Nada was a few years older and Petra barely a few months younger, but they'd all grown up in the 'new' world. Every generation had gaps, but the modern world seemed to have a wider one. But even with them on her side of this gap, she didn't fully understand these two. Age wasn't the only differentiator.
"In," Nada said firmly. Petra's mouth was tight but she stepped into the room and sat, with an empty chair between her and her boss.
"Where's Lachlan?" Viv's question was sharp. She didn't quite manage to keep her glare hidden.
"Uh, Viv, wha..."
"Petra, tell her."
"Oh, ah... he's fine. Anton and Jase are playing VR games with him."
"You mean they're losing VR games to him," Viv said, "I dunno shit about 'em but he plays online sometimes. When my pussy and ass can't handle any more drilling and I tell him to entertain himself. Although I've blown him a couple times while he's playing... and he still wins."
She loved the wince that Petra didn't quite hide.
"He kicks ass. That's all I know. How's he doing?"
"Uh..."
"Dammit, Petra, later we might have our biggest meeting yet. So, out with it. I need to know. And Viv deserves to know."
"He's off the charts. We ran three different Enhanced Turing tests on him. He's got the odd savant quality, but he's as human as I am."
He might be more human than YOU, Viv managed to choke off that part of her sentence. But it was trump card time. She leaned forward and worked her jacket off and set it on the back of the chair to her right. Then she sat with her shoulders back and enjoyed Petra's battle to look without looking.
"Savant quality? Do you mean, like that old 'Rain Man' movie? He's NOT like that."
"Um, no, Viv. Right, he's not," Petra said as she seemed to will the muscles of her neck to force her gaze up, "that movie wasn't exactly a documentary. All of our bots are essentially savants, but most of them are what in humans would be classified as autistic savants. Lack of broad reasoning power, but incredible abilities in focused pursuits. Like, Kaitlyn's skills as a receptionist. She actually handles most of our company from there, scheduling, tracking, I wouldn't even know when to take a shit without her putting it on my calendar."
Viv blinked and fought back surprise. Petra making a joke was almost as surprising as Lachlan doing so. She'd wondered at times if this woman was in truth another one of Nada's bots.
"Yeah," Petra seemed to read Viv's face for the first time, "I'm well on that spectrum. People confuse me. I prefer working with bots."
"You got too hot a bod not to get wild sometime, Petra," Viv said and she cupped her breasts with the red color and the erect shapes of her nipples only slightly obscured, "I bet yours are better than these. If you feel like doing your bots would be incest, come with me and I'll get you some humans who can make you scream. I'll send you the Rules. You got the ass for them, too."
Nada laughed. Petra was as ever in jeans but like her boss had an actual button-down blouse that was only a bit too large and her embarrassed reaction made clear she knew of the Rules. No doubt, since they were all the rage with her creations. And Viv was certain she'd been on the money with her other comment. If Petra wanted a boyfriend, well Viv was poor at finding them. But if the genius programmer couldn't get over the incest impulse to grab one of these new bots off the line right after Nada grabbed hers, finding oversexed fuckhumans, all hard of cock and soft of brain, Viv was a wiz at. But one of them who was also boyfriend material? No.
Until now. "But not Lachlan. You can't have him. He's mine."
"Strictly speaking," Nada started but stopped and smiled when Viv glared at her, "huh, okay. Later."
Petra's slow sigh was audible. "Tell you the truth, boss, I'm not sure he's ours, either. Quick skim, his code's not close to what we loaded in, but that's to be expected. Much of it is tied into morphic feedback loops. But most of the checksums are clean, although the guys are checking a few more things. We'd have to do a full code download and crawl through it. If I didn't know better, I'd accuse Viv of somehow hacking it a bit. But."
Viv's glare was immediate but it softened after a moment. "How do you know I didn't? I'm a wiz with VisiCell."
"That's a spreadsheet," Petra said, "that's not---."
Nada's grunt stopped the discussion. Both women looked at her, Viv's grin and Petra's sudden confusion both clear.
"She's yanking your chain, Petra. But, Viv. Has anyone contacted you? Or Lachlan?"
"Contacted us? Who? I don't read a third of the comments on the blog. I let Lachlan filter those and the email we get, if it's business he'll bring it to me. Mostly, he just deletes crap and responds to the perverts. He's had chat sex with a dozen men and women at the same time, all thinking they have him one on one. Fine, so long as none of those bitches think they're getting physical. But, you know damn well he, they all have their own channels, wireless, whatever. I only know about your email because he told me. You didn't copy me."
Her tone had gone angry in the last sentence but she calmed after a pause. "Why don't you just download the code? I do that with spreadsheets when I suspect someone's diddled some numbers."
"It's not that easy," Petra said, her gaze went to what Viv recognized as 'geek vague,' "the code morphs itself based on somatic and psychological feedback. Checksums are continually generated and we can see which areas have done so. But CHRIS isn't like FORTRAN or PASCAL, it's like if LISP and Prolog gang-fucked Smalltalk and, hell that one let SNOBOL4 have sloppy tenths, all of it in a radiation bath and none of them used protection and the mutant offspring chewed its way out of the womb. That's CHRIS. It's focused around interrupt-driven execution and aggressively parallel and distributed with asynchronous message passing that acts like neural synapses firing---."
"Enough, Petra," Nada said, as Viv couldn't contain her laughter.
"Shoulda let her go on, Nada, I like foreign languages where I don't understand a word."
Nada snorted. "Bottom line, Petra, no one's done a rip and replace on him?"
The younger woman's eyes darted between the other two women, Nada's mouth tight and Viv's toothy grin, before she sighed and shook her head. "Our security latches are in place, If they have, they're better than any of us."
"Can we replicate to the others?"
"I... uh..., not without lots more study. We've never seen this level of change."
"But we've never had this much processing power or this much sensory input," Nada said, "so it would only work with the new ones anyway."
"Yeah... and..."
Viv shook her head and used her foot to spin her chair back and forth in a one-eighty as Nada and her protégé continued speaking in tongues. She zoned the words out, let the sound simply wash over her. After she and the others had done a more expansive bot show at the Vegas conference in the middle of June, they'd been flown to Humaniforms' Bay Area labs to meet the new generation, Lachlan, Nathan and Felicia and a few others. Instead of a public unwrapping, Nada wanted them 'living' in the communities. A few of the humans hadn't adapted to the step up from having glorified dildos to companions, Jamal one of them, as did a couple of people from another team Nada had recruited. Most had settled similarly to Aleisha and Gina, with a fuckbot slash cook slash singing companion slash housework bot. Seemingly proving Nada's goal.
Viv hadn't so settled. As hadn't Lachlan. Her boyfriend. Her lover. And apparently throwing a wrench into the gears. Wyman and Felicia had also redefined their roles in other ways, the other 'couple' that'd broken past any expectations Nada had expressed.
Her attention was focused by the lengthy silence and her foot gripped the floor to pause her chair and she looked at each geekette in turn as they looked at each other. After a moment Nada looked at her.
"Hey, Viv, I need a refill. Lunch will be here soon. C'mon. Your purse, whatever, fine here. No one else around."
She shrugged. Hadn't been overly concerned. She stood up and left her jacket behind as she stood straight and automatically smoothed her skirt before she walked around the table. She hadn't known Petra would be here, but it made her even happier with her wardrobe choices knowing how nervous her tits made the programmer. Given her presence, Viv hadn't yet figured out the key, but somehow she was going to get this nerdette laid. By bot or human. Or both. Laid hard. Front, rear, maybe both same time. If that required Viv giving her a good licking first, so be it. Once she was around the table she walked quickly and once through the door threw her left arm across Petra's shoulders, with her heels she had a couple of inches height advantage. The nerdette's body shivered in surprise. In front of them Nada tapped her ear and said something in a low voice.
"Hey, Petra, out with it. What kind of guy makes you wet your panties? Just give me a couple of hints, and I'll personally deliver them to your door and oversee the deflowering so it's done right."
Petra's body was stiff, but she didn't pull out of the clinch, although her face showed obvious discomfort. Viv knew this was an overreach, but she was driven equally by annoyance at today's events and a genuine joy at getting people laid. Why else did she keep working for Margaret at the sex shows? She didn't need the extra money, although it was good. And Petra's subconscious reaction to Viv's contention told her that it was an accurate prediction of what the event would be! Finding one, at her age, in this day and time! She shivered slightly in anticipation, her determination doubled by that fact.
Nada led the trio into the large break room, where a fridge abutted a long counter with a microwave at the far end and a sink in the middle. Cupboards with glass doors held plates, glasses and various other items.
The boss lady continued to the gleaming espresso machine on the counter next to the fridge. Viv slightly tightened her grip as Petra tried gently to make an escape.
"You need a jock, Petra," Viv purred, "one so dumb he won't understand a word you say. But one with a nice, big, fat cock. But, I'd make sure he knows enough to treat you right---."
Viv's voice went silent as she stared along the hall that led to the entrance foyer. A smiling Kaitlyn turned the corner with her odd gait and its cute hitch. Viv smiled at the pretty orange dress the fembot/receptionist wore. But then her jaw dropped. Petra took the opportunity to wriggle free and sidled a couple of steps but her gaze was also locked along the hallway.
"Viv! Aunt Petra!" It was a joyous feminine voice, her beautiful face surrounded by wavy, dark brown hair that fell across her shoulders. She was a head taller than the figure she followed and strode with a smooth gait, despite the six inch stilettos on her black T-strap platform heels. Kaitlyn's mouth opened in a grin as the whirlwind behind her upped her pace and the receptionist stepped aside to clear passage into the room.
"Hey, Felicia," Viv managed before she grunted as the futabot wrapped her in a hug. The human woman was slightly above average in women's height and with today's heels it was unusual for her to be the shorter woman, much less give half of a head away. Or, was it the bulging crotch AND the enormous tits that pressed against her. Viv was used to both sensations, but on their own. Not at the same time. She shook her head as Felicia released her. She almost sympathized at Petra's near-panic when the programmer misjudged Felicia's speed and was wrapped in a hug.
Viv turned her attention back to the hallway. Wyman sauntered around the corner, pulling two wheelie suitcases. He grinned at the scene.
"I'll go back to the front, mom," Kaitlyn said and Nada nodded at her. She watched and waited for Wyman to clear her path. He stopped alongside her, released one handle with his left hand and put his fingers under the fembot's chin and steadied her. He kissed her.
"Kaitlyn gets tomorrow and the weekend off, right Nada? We have plans!" Wyman said as he looked at the fembot's 'mom.'
"I already promised. We'll suffer without her at the desk, but it's a worthy sacrifice."
"And, sorry we're late, ran into a pack of Futa Food fans at the airport. Autographs, pictures..."
He grabbed the handle and pulled the cases into the room as Kaitlyn laughed and nodded before she walked back the way they'd come.
Felicia released Petra, whose body shook as a wave of released tension ran from her head to her feet, and met a better-prepared Nada who'd just nodded to Wyman's explanation.
"Well, this is a surprise, Wyman," Viv said. He stood the cases next to one of the little tables spaced around the room before he and Viv met in a not-quite hug, they kissed as Felicia made happy noises in her embrace with her 'mom.' Viv and Wyman stood arm in arm as Felicia released Nada but stood alongside each other. Viv guessed Petra might faint as her body wavered.
"That was quite the show last night, Viv," Wyman said, "come with us. We're taking Kaitlyn. Going to take some doing to top that, but I reckon the five of us could manage it."
She snorted. But it was Felicia that spoke.
"Yeah, Viv," Felicia said, "Wyman wishes to make up for his inability to have sexually satisfied you in the past, due to his inadequacies given the threat of your vaginal dentata. Fortunately, I am much better equipped to please you."
Viv tried not to stare at the second-skin black leather pants that showed off world-class ass, hips and what her brain insisted was nine inches of shouldn't be there. Despite the joke that Wyman had taught his futabot to tell people, the man's prick wasn't tiny. It wasn't Felicia's, but he had plenty and she'd heard compliments from both men and women at the various conferences. His pants matched his companion's for color and fabric, but weren't quite as tight. His bulge was a bit subtler, a hint and a promise, not a threat.
Both had sleeveless vests of the same color and material, the futabot's pushed her crazy tits into massive cleavage below a face that was simply unfair. It was just so damned... feminine.
Viv flashed a glare at Wyman, who smirked, but when she looked back at Felicia the bot winked. Viv sniffed but smiled.
"Better idea. I think you two should take Petra," Viv said and saw the flash of panic on the woman's face, "I think your auntie needs it more."
Felicia beamed. Petra's eyes darted to look at everyone in the room before they verged on simply gyrating. Nada made a soft sound and walked quickly to stand next to her and whisper in her ear.
"Hey," Nada said as she looked at the others, "help yourself to coffee, stuff in the fridge, whatever. I know Felicia's good with the machine. I'll be right back."
She nudged Petra and spoke softly and took her through a door that Viv knew led to the labs and other work spaces. They'd apparently overloaded her. Would Nada reboot her?
"I'm having a latte," Felicia said, "Wyman likes a long black. But he doesn't mind when I give him a long beige! What'll you have, Viv?"
"Uh," Viv said as she looked at the futabot, "a cappuccino, please."
Felicia nodded with a broad smile and walked quickly to the espresso machine and set about gathering the necessities.
"Did you teach her those digs?" Viv asked Wyman in a soft voice.
"No," he said proudly, "I gave her the basic idea, she works up variations. I've never claimed you and me had sex, much less bad sex, just how we joke about it."
"Well, we never have. I'm apparently nine inches short of what you need...," she smiled and he shrugged and smiled back, "you two making bank with the cooking show."
"Got some pings about moving it to actual, real television," he said, "one of the things need to talk to Nada about."
"That's not why you two flew cross-country, is it? Seems you could handle that by video."
"No, this was...," his confident tone wavered, "sorta last minute. That's just lucky timing. But she hasn't told me. If she told Felicia, hasn't been passed to me. But I don't turn down free plane tickets and full weekend Castleland passes!"
"Castleland? What? You... and her?" Viv's mind ran to the ubiquitous faces of Mervin Meerkat and Annie Aardvark that were plastered all over the collection of theme parks southwest of her. She'd accompanied more than one set of out of town relatives and their sprogs as an area guide. She'd depended on a steady and generous flow of alcohol to get through those days.
"Hey, I've never actually been," Wyman said to Viv's surprise, she'd always thought American parents would have their children seized, failing at that ritual, "and, neither has Felicia. We're taking Kaitlyn and Nada said she'll get us more passes. You and Lachlan should come. We can turn that Pirates ride into the Ass Pirates ride!"
Viv hummed. The parks would be jammed with brats trying for that last outing before schools started and although Castleland had added features to cater to the adults that'd grown up with their cartoons and movies and TV shows and the theme parks, it would still be a slog. Getting ass fucked on a table at Botanical was one thing, the Ass Pirates ride might not go over so well. Arrest was one thing, a series of controlled bursts from semi-autos would be even more certain. That the guards would be so armed and trigger-happy was a given, as 'No One Fucks with the Meerkat' was well known in the entertainment industry and had become a cultural catch-phrase. There were many things Viv didn't know, but marketing wasn't one of those. The Meerkat had started in a few grainy, black and white cartoons. Seven decades later, he bestrode the world as a marketing juggernaut. She should leave them to it.
All that, what was Nada playing at? Viv hummed and wondered, she didn't keep in touch with Wyman like she did Aleisha, hadn't paid much attention to him and his futabot dream, beyond catching a couple of episodes of 'Fixing Futa Food with Felicia,' she'd not seen their day to day videos. But the vibe from the futabot was much more what she got from Lachlan, more than from Nathan or Gina's Emily. The espresso machine hissed and spurted as the curvaceous figure hummed a tune and worked at their coffees. Why had Nada given the futabot THAT ass?
"C'mon," Felicia said happily as she carried two coffee mugs to a table, "you two sit down. Mine's finishing."
Viv let Wyman lead her to the table and they sat. Lachlan made the morning coffee but he never drank it at their place. But he did in public, usually preferred iced coffee. If Nada wanted this generation of bots to all but pass for people, Felicia and he seemed to be teetering on that edge. Whatever these 'Enhanced Turing' tests were that Lachlan had aced, even just these few minutes of exposure told Viv Felicia would do just as well. The two of them weren't clones, not physically nor personalities, but they both had a spark that didn't seem to exist with Nathan and the others. Viv had the feeling she should be happy about that, but Nada's and Petra's obvious confusion and doubt worried her.
On the other hand, if Lachlan decided to fuck her to death, neither she nor any of her relatives would be surprised at that as the cause. Her grandmother's decline over a decade plus into dementia was not the way Viv wanted to go. Let Lachlan deliver her to Charon with a killer orgasm!
Viv sipped her cappuccino as Felicia set her coffee on the table and sat next to Wyman.
"This is excellent, Felicia," Viv said. The futabot smiled as Wyman sipped and nodded before the two of them kissed.
"Is my brother here?" Felicia asked.
"Yeah, Petra has a couple of her nerd assistants here. They're giving him tests and playing VR games. Well, losing VR games to him."
Viv was surprised how animated Felicia's sudden expression of concern was. It was almost scary. "Yes. Mom is worried about us. Me and him. We are unusual."
"You are indeed unusual," Wyman said lightly before his tone lowered, "you're not like your brothers and sisters."
"Lucky you," Viv said, "but, unusual?"
"Come, Viv, you have not noticed?"
Fuck this mechanical psychologist flashed through Viv's mind. But the kind expressions that faced her indicated she'd kept the anger from her face. But why was she angry?
"Yeah... I've noticed. I... just... well, shit."
"Hey, Viv," Wyman said softly, "we've not spent that much time together at the conferences."
Viv sniffed, but nodded.
"But enough I can tell you're much happier than you've been. I'm sure it's pure coincidence who you're with. And, shoe on the other appendage it can only be called a foot since it's at the end of my leg, same here."
The two of them clasped hands quickly and smiled at her. Fuck, she thought as she exhaled slowly. She shrugged. These two weirdos weren't wrong. They all looked up as the door opened. Lachlan sauntered into the room. Viv started to stand but Felicia was faster.
"Brother," she said.
"Sister," the two met and Viv swore the floor shook with their collision. They spun once as they kissed then separated to face the humans.
"They're so cute," Felicia said, "I could just eat them up!"
"Already done so," Lachlan said, "more than once."
Viv sniffed and took her turn to hug and kiss Lachlan as Felicia strolled to the table.
"Do you want a coffee, brother?" Viv looked between them. There was more than words going on.
"Nada says there is iced tea in the fridge, I'll have that." Felicia nodded and strolled toward the appliance.
"What'd they do to you?" Viv's question.
"Boring stuff," Lachlan said, "Anton and Jase are hopeless. Too easy to beat them."
"Lachlan, my boy," Wyman said, "you ever been to Castleland?"
"No. I asked but Viv said 'no fucking way,'" he winked at Viv's squinted glare.
"Good. You and Viv are coming tomorrow and Saturday. Those theme parks won't know what's gonna hit 'em!"
All heads turned to look along the hallway from the foyer as Kaitlyn's smiling face again appeared as Lachlan accepted the glass of iced tea from his sister. Behind the receptionist was a petite woman wearing an expensive-looking pantsuit. It was difficult to know if the perfectly placed silver-gray streaks in her dark, slightly grown-out pixie cut were natural or cunningly applied.
"You're fucking me," Viv said softly as she looked along the hall, "just when I thought the day was looking up."
As before, Kaitlyn took a step into the room and slid aside to leave the path open. "This is Marie Madshow, she ordered me to bring her instead of waiting for Nada like I was supposed to."
"That's quite alright, Kaitlyn," Marie said as she walked into the room, "Viv is a dear friend."
Viv fought to tamp down her reaction. Why the fuck was Tyrannosaurus Sexless HERE? She glanced. Wyman had a friendly but neutral look and offered a professionally honed smile as Felicia strolled back to her chair and stood alongside the man. Neither betrayed any sense of recognition for the woman.
"I've so enjoyed your Futa Food show, Felicia," Marie said as she took a few steps into the room, then she turned, "and thank you, Kaitlyn. I'll explain to Nada I told you to bring me."
Kaitlyn nodded and walked away to return to her station. Marie looked at Viv.
"I've looked forward to today, Viv, your budget proposal yesterday was very good. Thorough, well thought out. Too bad I'm going to shit all over it."
Viv read the woman's smile as predatory, but not hateful. Which caused her to again slam the door on her spike of anger. She liked her job. It was better than many out there, she had access to hotels and resorts worldwide and it paid well. Slamming a senior vice-president's face into a table was probably a bad idea. She needed to find some outlet sometime soon. Tamping down all this emotion was likely bad. The one saving grace was her company had a resolute 'first names' policy which made her response tolerable, not needing a title or honorific.
"Uh, um, Marie, what?"
"I have a special project," Marie said, "we'll be redirecting a big chunk of the marketing budget to it, Viv. But that doesn't mean you won't have an even bigger role going forward."
Viv edged more tightly against Lachlan but tried to make it not obvious. He stood loosely but accepted the pressure against his left side and sipped the iced tea as his left hand put light pressure on her lower back. She relaxed at the touch. She glanced and saw Felicia had adopted Wyman's professionally friendly smile as they sat and sipped. The futabot was good. But neither betrayed any more comprehension than she had.
"Before we get to that, how about introducing me around?" Marie's gaze was directed at Viv as she spoke before she softened her expression.
Viv quickly bit her lower lip then nudged herself away from her support. "Marie Madshow, Harriot Hospitality's senior vice-president for development, and my boss's boss's boss. This is Lachlan."
Marie's smile broadened and she stepped forward, Lachlan switched his glass to his left hand and their right hands shook. Viv watched Marie's analytical expression as they did so. She again tamped down the anger when a flash of lust was added. They released their hands and Marie's smile returned to Viv.
"This is Wyman Wilson, he's---."
"You work with him at the sex shows," Marie interjected as she walked quickly, "don't get up, handsome."
They shook hands.
"And you're Felicia, the Futa Food super-chef," Marie shook the futabot's hand, "I love those shows. I tried to cook that vegan terrine, but it didn't look anywhere as good as yours. I hope I can try one of yours."
Felicia smiled. "Maybe."
Viv was more surprised than angry at the repeated flash of lust on Marie's face. At the FUTABOT? This woman... and, Felicia?
"Would you like a coffee or iced tea, Marie? Some soft drinks in there too, high caffeine. Nerd fuel!" Felicia waved an arm at the fridge.
"No, thank you, Felicia sweetie," Marie said.
Viv was happy she'd only had a protein bar. Anything more would've likely been blasted across the commercial carpet that was a couple of steps above basic quality.
"Marie," Viv said after another moment of calming her gut, the older woman looked at her with a friendly expression, "what's this about? Why are you here? And why are you taking my budget?"
Any reply was preempted by Nada leading a parade into the room from the side door. A male bot in tight and thin slacks and a shirt with enough open buttons to show defined pecs was flanked by two female bots in micro dresses with deep vees that exposed the swells of breasts that matched Kaitlyn's but didn't quite challenge Felicia's moved to stand each side of him. Behind the bots, Petra's eyes had settled but still betrayed stress. Anton and Jase poked their heads through the door but stayed there.
"Ah, perfect timing, Nada," Marie said before she turned to look at Viv and nodded her head at the new arrivals.
Viv scanned across the new bots, then noticed Lachlan and Felicia trade a glance. She knew they were bots, but they lacked that hitch Kaitlyn's generation had and their skin was the medical miracle. The male bot's skin and features reminded Viv of so many of the Latinos who lived in the area. The fembots were a study in contrast, one with Aleisha's beautiful ebony skin, the other a redhead with pale skin that reminded her of Sue. Was Nada trying to replicate Margaret's crew?
"Hello, Marie, good to see you again," Viv squinted at Nada's greeting, "you've been introduced around?"
"Yes, thank you, Viv's been quite the attentive hostess."
"Good. Well, this is Hannah, Claudio and Kayla, this is Marie Madshow," Nada indicated them from left to right. Viv watched them all then glanced at Lachlan then Felicia.
It wasn't frustration on the latter two's faces, but something flashed. Oh. It was concentration. Viv had watched Lachlan play multiple VR opponents or have chat sex or other deals. But it was only now that she realized his expression was so... human. That look of someone being on a call with their earbud that no one else could hear.
By the time Viv studied Lachlan and flashed a look at Felicia, she knew the futabot had the same look. They both morphed to soft smiles that at least for Lachlan didn't indicate satisfaction. Ah. It'd been his face when she'd worked back to him working out her new and improved diet. Concentration. A problem. Viv had the feeling it was the same for the futa. Her body might be weird as fuck, but her brain, her brains, seemed to be like Lachlan's.
Viv looked at the new bots. Had Nada copied Wyman's expressions? They had that smile of professional welcome, but definitely lacked something. Their smiles increased as Marie upped the welcome to hugs and actual, quick kisses with each.
Viv sympathized at Petra's near descent into panic again but Marie offered her and her two assistants only a quick nod. Nada tapped her wrist and adopted the vacant phone call look. Viv took the opportunity and said in a low but forceful volume.
"Marie," her somewhere above boss looked at her with a slight head tilt, "what... the... fuck... are you doing?"
Marie's response was much calmer than Viv expected. Maybe she hadn't just flushed her job down the shitter. The older woman held up an index finger to ask patience and nodded.
"Ok, folks," Nada said, "Kaitlyn said the caterers are here. We'll all head over to the other side."
"Good," Marie said, "before we do that, I'll answer Viv's question. I've taken most of her budget because we're going to buy and deploy Nada's bots as companions at a bunch of our upscale resorts."
Viv's mouth simply moved in a silent 'what?' She looked at Lachlan. "Did you know about this?"
"No, sweetheart."
"But before we sign the papers, we, all of us," Marie did a half spin with her arms out, "are going to Castleland tomorrow. I want to see all of them in action. And, Viv."
She looked at her few levels up boss.
"I'll want you to be in charge of proper training, Viv, I've seen what you can do. Not only last night but also at the sex shows. I guess you didn't notice me at the last couple."
"You were there?" Viv wished her brain was at full power or else completely shut down. Viv had joked about allowing customers to book a bot along with a room. Nada had laughed but had seemed to disavow interest in such. She seemed to want her bots in more personal situations. Was this her idea... or was the money just too good?
And Marie? At the shows? Viv had never advertised her 'second' life, but she'd not hidden it. She'd told people her plans when she'd arranged her 'first' life work schedule. Most of them tended to use pseudonyms but the shows were plastered all over social media so anyone who knew them by sight would see plenty.
"Just another pervert buying strap-ons and crotchless panties," Marie said brightly, "but one other thing I need from you."
"What's that, boss?" Viv caught Petra's eye, the programmer's mood seemed to lighten at the imitation of the tone she used with Nada. Then she and Marie looked at each other.
"Before we all go to Castleland tomorrow, I want you and your boy there," Viv didn't like the definite lust in the older woman's voice, "to take me to that bar of yours. The two of you can make me the center of the sandwich."
Wyman and Felicia stood and walked past their table. He broke the silence as Viv and Marie looked at each other.
"Well," eyes went him, "that Ass Pirates ride is gonna be wild! Now. We gonna eat lunch? Or we saving it for dinner?"
Viv suddenly understood what Petra felt like when she'd crashed. But she wasn't sure anyone could reboot her.
*****
I hope you enjoyed this story. As mentioned, Viv, Gina, Rachel, Sue and more were introduced inSex, Toys & Video: A TaleandSex, Toys & Bots: A Valentine's Tale, both of which are set in the shared universe with myMel's Universetales, which are all listed on my profile page. Simply click on my author'sPennameWombat's storiesat the top or bottom of this or any page if you'd like to explore the stories around some of the folks mentioned here.
Thanks again for reading and I hope this is worth a perfect -- but honest -- rating.