Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts before reading this. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.
We got off at a different station to previous times and when we were on the street Tony told me that there was a shop that he wanted to visit. He didn't say what sort of shop it was but I soon found out; it was a sex toy shop.
There were a few people in there, mainly men, and they all looked at me when we walked in. I looked around and thought,
"Fuck, this is a sex shop, I bet that Tony will expect me to have sex with some of these men."
Thankfully, he didn't. He told me to have a look around while he talked to the man behind the counter. I browsed all the crazy things that were on display, things that I'd never seen before and things that I couldn't understand what they were or what they were used for.
All the time a couple of the men in there were watching me. It was creepy but at the same time it was sort of nice that they wanted to look at me. I wondered it it would have been the same if my skirt had been knee length instead of not even covering my butt and pussy properly, or my top hadn't been see-through.
Tony finally stopped talking to the man then came over to me and took me to a selection of ball gags.
"Choose one Claire."
"What? I don't want one of those."
"Choose one Claire."
I chose a red one with holes in it and a leather strap.
Tony unwrapped it and put it on me the turned me to face the customers that were watching us. Then Tony rolled the top of my skirt again. Because of the light weight material and the design of it, I couldn't feel how much of me was on display but I guessed that it was a lot.
After a minute or so Tony unfastened the ball gag and told me to unroll my skirt which I quickly did. We then left with Tony nodding to the salesman.
I was soo embarrassed and was glad when we left. As we walked away I said,
"You didn't pay for that ball gag Tony."
"Nope, it was a freebie."
"Why would he give you that?"
"Because I bought something quite expensive from him."
"All you came out with was that ball gag."
"The other item is getting delivered."
"Oh, what is it?"
"Wait and see."
I was silent for a couple of minutes whilst I wondered what on earth he could have bought, and how it involved me. Then I said,
"For one minute when we went into that shop I thought that you were going to let all the men in there fuck me."
"You would have liked that wouldn't you Claire?"
"No."
Tony grabbed my arm to stop me walking and he put his hand on my pussy and slid a finger inside me, brushing my clit as he did so. I moaned just before he said,
"You're lying again Claire."
I didn't reply but I did wonder if he was right, I mean I'd been exposed all day and had what seemed like hundreds of spreadie photos taken of me. I had every reason to be very horny.
As we walked on we came across a McDonalds and Tony said,
"I guess that this do for tonight."
We went in and I immediately noticed the people who had turned to look at Super Girl. I felt so humiliated as I stood there whilst Tony ordered our food on one of the big screens.
Finally Tony was done and he looked for a table for us.
Tony decided that I was going to be on display in the front window and he took me to the high stools behind the narrow worktop in the window. As I climbed up onto the stool I quickly realised that I would be easy to be seen by the people passing; and there were a lot of them.
Tony told me to perch my butt on the front edge of the stool with my feet wrapped around the stool's legs at both sides. I felt my pussy open as I got myself comfortable.
Even I could see my pussy as I looked down so the people passing by must have been able to everything.
It wasn't long before a young McDonalds girl brought a tray with our food on it. As she put it on the worktop I saw her eyes go down to my legs. My blue Super Girl skirt was covering quite a bit, but not enough for the girl to see that my pussy was on display.
She paused for a second then looked up to my face and smiled.
"Enjoy your meal." she said then she turned and walked sway.
As we ate Tony kept telling me to look up and at someone passing by who had spotted my exposure. He told me to smile at them if their eye rose to meet mine.
"What would they want to look at my face for if they could see my pussy." I thought, but didn't say.
Quite a few people did look my way but I wasn't sure how many of them saw, or realised what they could see. It was only the ones, young and old men, who either did a double take or actually stopped and stared for a few seconds.
One teenage girl stopped dead when she realised what she was looking at and the boy who was on her arm got tugged to a stop and told to look my way.
That couple were the ones who stared the longest and I could see their mouths were moving so I guessed that they were talking about me. For some strange reason that made my pussy get wet.
When we left McDonalds Tony led me to an underground station and to the platform for the Central Line. I didn't think that that was the line to get us back to the hotel but I didn't say anything. There were quite a few seats free and Tony led me to one that had it's back to the carriage wall.
At that point there was no one opposite me so I wasn't worried when Tony told me too sit on the front edge of the seat and to lean back.
That was okay for one station but it wasn't long before someone came and sat opposite me, a middle-aged man in a suit. He got his newspaper out and as he was arranging it so that he could read the part that he wanted, he looked over to me. Our eyes met then his eyes went down. I saw his eyes go wide open for a second when he realised what he could see.
Instead of holding his newspaper in front of him like all the others were doing, he put his on his lap and looked down to it, but I could still see his eyes and they kept rolling up so that he could see my pussy.
After about the fourth station I turned to Tony and asked where we were going.
"Just for a ride to see how many people's day you can make."
"Oh." Was all that I replied.
It turned out that we stayed on that train as it went the full length of the circle line, then back. It seemed to take forever and goodness knows how many people sat opposite me at different times.
It was the groups of girls that were the worst at name calling. I got called a slut, a whore, a prostitute and many more names, some of which I had never heard before.
Name calling I can live with but it was the leg touching that I wasn't happy about and it was a good job that Tony was sat beside me. He ignored nearly everything but when one young man dropped to his knees between my legs and went to touch my pussy that Tony stepped in. He pushed the man away and threatened to beat him to pulp.
My arousal went up and down on that journey and I was glad when we finally got off, only to find that we had another journey, albeit a short one, on another train before we got back to the hotel.
I got a few stares and amused looks when I walked in wearing that damn Super Girl outfit.
I was relieved to get back to our room.
When we did, Tony told me to take the outfit off and stand in the window while he showered. I only saw one man watching me from the hotel opposite.
After my shower Tony told me to push my new Ohmibod vibrator into my pussy to see of it hurt or did any damage. There was no damage and it only hurt a little bit.
I wasn't ready for him using his phone to switch it on, or the effect that it would have on me, and I screamed and jumped up. Then I put my hand on my pussy; firstly to see if it had started bleeding, and secondly because the vibrator made me want to.
"That's only on low Claire. I'll be nice to you and not put it on full blast until you are properly healed."
"Thank you Tony." I replied, still keeping my hand on my pussy.
"Good," Tony said, "you can wear that while we go to a pub for a drink. There's one just up that road that looks okay."
"What clothes shall I wear Tony?" I asked.
"You can go like that Claire."
"What! You can't be serious."
"No I'm not serious; it would be just a little bit too risky; you can wear one of your new dresses; but you're keeping that Ohmibod in, and I'm going to leave it switched on like it is."
After the initial shock that the Ohmibod gave me I quickly got used to it and even liked it, but I did wonder what it would be like on full blast.
We went to the pub and had a few drinks and the vibrator made me feel good and sexy all evening. We couldn't get a seat and had to stand all evening but it was quite an experience listening and talking to the locals; so much more friendly than the people where we live.
When I said that to Tony on the walk back to the hotel he told me that it may have been because my dress was slightly see-through.
Back in our room Tony pulled the Ohmibod out and told me that he was going to fuck me. I was still concerned that I hadn't healed enough and when I told Tony he told me that I was going to ride him cowgirl style so that I could control the action. I was grateful for that and after a show and slightly painful start it was quite a nice fuck.
The next morning Tony told me that we were heading home, but not before we went for a swim in the hotel's pool. When I told him that I didn't have a costume with me he said,
"Yes you have, we bought some bikinis, remember."
"But they don't have any material, just the strings, I may as well be naked."
"Not true Claire, from behind you just look like any other girl wearing a thong bikini. And besides, the pool will probably be empty at this time of the day."
"I hope so." I replied.
Tony put his swimming short on and I got put one of the 'strings only' bikinis on, and one of the hotel's dressing gowns.
The hotel's leisure centre surprised us both, it wasn't very big but it had a small workout room, a small pool and a largish sauna. It had a sort of reception area with a young girl there. She gave us each towel and told us that we were the only guests there so we'd got the place to ourselves.
Tony told me to follow him in to the men's changing room where we hung our robes and towels. I felt more exposed than I had at the Leisure Centre back home.
We looked in the workout room first and Tony got me to run on the treadmill for a while and I felt really naked running.
When he told me to ride the exercise cycle I pleaded with him not to make me, saying that my pussy wouldn't be able to take it. He took pity on me and let me off but told me that I'd be on the exercise cycle back in his apartment as soon as I was fully healed.
Instead me had me doing some sit-ups and press ups. When I was on my back I just hoped that no one came in because on my back I looked as naked as I felt.
Then it was the swimming pool. There was a man in it and I had to quickly get in the water while he was swimming away from us. Tony was laughing and told me not to be so shy.
I must admit that when I was swimming the water rushing passed my 'new' pussy felt really nice. It made me a bit more confident, or maybe it was a little less caring that I was as good as naked.
I sort of forgot that there was no material in my bikini and when Tony told me to get out I did so without even thinking; much to the delight of another man that was walking in. At first I didn't realise why he was staring at me, and when I realised I quickly turned the other way.
"Very nice." He said as he passed me.
I blushed.
Tony took me to the sauna next and I was surprised just how big it was. There was room for about 15 people sitting on the 'L' shaped benches.
I was also surprised at just how hot it was. I'd heard that saunas were hot but the heat hit me as soon as I went in. Tony told me to lay along the bottom bench and to put one foot on the floor. That left my pussy wide open. But it didn't matter because we were the only 2 people in there. Tony sat by my head and played with my exposed tits for a while.
He stopped when a youngish foreign couple came in and sat at the other side of the 'L' of benches. I started to sit up but Tony pressed down on the tit that he was holding so I started to lift my leg that was on the floor.
Tony squeezed my tit and whispered "No."
The young man and the girl looked at me and started talking in some foreign language. They continued talking and staring at me for the next 5 or so minutes before I told Tony that I was too hot and that I had to get out of there.
I guess that he realised that I was getting close to passing out and he got up and put out his hand to help me sit up.
Both the girl and the man smiled at me as we walked out. Tony told me to have a shower and while I was in there he reached in and turned it to cold.
When I said that I was freezing he told me that we were going back in to the sauna for one more session.
When we went in I saw that the young couple had assumed a similar position to what Tony and I had been in, on their side of the 'L'. The interesting part was that the girl's bikini was in a pile on the floor. She was more naked than I was, and her pussy was as bald as mine is.
They didn't move when we went in and we assumed the same position as we were in before.
It must have been around 10 minutes before I'd had enough again and when I told Tony he told me to get up and we left. Whilst we were in there the other couple were talking away and looking at me.
Although I was getting wet with the sweat I was getting wet for another reason; one that Tony recognised and in the shower when we got out he lifted me up and slowly lowered me onto his hard cock. It felt good and it didn't take many times of him lifting me up then lowering me for me to cum.
I wondered if the other couple could hear my moans and if they were having sex in the sauna.
I came before Tony and he pushed me down onto my knees to finish him off with my mouth. As I did so I heard the sauna door open and guessed that it was the couple coming out. They would have seen us because there was no curtain on the shower, but I never saw them. I was too busy looking up at Tony's face waiting to see if he'd fill my throat or cover my face with his cum.
He chose the later and I had to get the shower to wash off the part of his cum that hadn't landed in my mouth.
Tony then told me that it was time for us to leave and we went back to the men's changing room. The foreign young man was there, just walking out of the shower. He was naked and didn't seem at all concerned that I was in the men's changing room.
I started at his cock and mentally compared it to Tony's whist I dried myself with my towel. I was just about to put my bathrobe on when Tony told me not to.
"Carry it over your arm." He said.
I looked at him and saw that he was serious, and I followed him out of the leisure centre, positioning myself so as to hide my front from the receptionist. All she would have been able to see was the back of a girl wearing a thong bikini.
But the people in one of the corridors that we had to walk along, and in the lift, saw a lot more of me. I was embarrassed and blushing but I knew that Tony would want me to leave my towel over my arm and not do what I so wanted to do; wrap it around me.
Back in our room Tony told me that I was learning to be a good slave then told me to have another shower to get rid of the last traces of chlorine and to make myself smell nice.
When I walked out of the bathroom there was the pair of heels and the dress that he obviously wanted me wear for the journey home.
I stayed naked and looked out of the window whilst Tony was in the shower. I didn't see anyone in the hotel opposite looking at me and I have to admit that I was a little disappointed.
When I heard the shower stop I put the dress on. It's a light, summer dress that buttons all the way down the front and when Tony saw me he complimented me on my looks the unbuttoned the bottom buttons right up to above my slit.
"Shit," I thought, "another embarrassing journey."
I was right. We took the underground to the main line station. The underground station wasn't really busy but it was just as windy and the skirt part was blowing apart and up quite a bit. I was constantly looking around hoping to see that the people around me were ignoring me but all my eyes would zoom in on was the people who were looking at me. I was really happy when the train arrived and we got on.
But Tony had me sit facing 4 young people, 2 girls and 2 young men. One of the young men watched me sit and he smiled when he saw me sit in the way I knew that Tony wanted me to sit. Then he nudged the girl that was next to him. She nudged the girl next to her then she nudged the young man on her other side.
Soon all 4 of them were staring at my exposed pussy. I felt myself get wet and I admit that by the time we got off that train I was feeling quite aroused.
Tony probably guessed but he didn't say anything. When we got off he rushed to the escalators and then to the waiting train to take us home.
Again he had me sit in an aisle seat with my knees open. This time it was slightly worse because he undid one more button and all of my belly was on display as well.
Fortunately, not may people walked down the aisle but the conductor couldn't take his eyes off me when he checked our tickets.
As always, I stripped naked outside the door to Tony's apartment then followed him in. While Tony sorted the mail I had to do the housework then go to the supermarket. Tony has got me a credit card to use for the shopping but I have to show him the till receipts and he tells me that he will compare the till receipts and the credit card bills when they arrive.
Of course he lets me put some clothes on to go to the supermarket but I really have to be careful if I don't want anyone to see my butt and pussy and I'm sure that I accidentally don't get it right at times.
After I'd cleaned up after the evening meal Tony told me to get into the webbing swing in the living room. When I was in he came over to me holding my wrist cuffs. I didn't realise what he was going to do until both cuffs were on. He clipped the cuffs to 2 of the rings that the workman had installed in the ceiling. As soon as he lifted one on my arms I realised that I was stuck there with no way to get out.
I thought that he was just going to fuck me, but no, what he did was get my Ohmibod and push it into my vagina. I immediately knew that he was going to experiment with the different controls that the phone app gives him.
I really wasn't expecting what the Ohmibod would do to me and how I would react. I'd sort of got used to the effect of it being set on low but when Tony turned it up my whole body started jerking about as much as it could within the restraints of the harness and I desperately wanted to put a hand on my pussy and rub my clit but my wrists were tied to the ceiling.
And my insides; oh my gawd, I felt like someone had stick a blender inside me, and the jerking, it was similar to when I cum. Within a couple of minutes I was sure that I was going to pass out. Then I realised that an orgasm was building. My pussy was desperate for attention but I could give in none.
Shortly after that and orgasm exploded out of me as I shouted,
"YES, YES, FUCK YES, OOH FUCK, OOOOOOH." and lots of other things that I can't remember.
"Well that was quite a spectacle." Tony said when I finally calmed down.
"Please don't do that again Tony."
"Don't you worry about it girl, I'll be doing that and more to you just about every day. So get used to it."
"But I'm sure that it was doing damage to my insides."
"No, I've told you, there are thousands, or hundreds of thousands of girls around the world using those things and if those vibrators had caused any damage I'm sure that the newspapers would have reported it; so get used to it girl, enjoy it. Anyway, it made you cum didn't it?"
"Well yes but ..."
I didn't know what else to say. At least I was comfortable in that sling thing and if I did pass out my head would just fall back onto some of the webbing where I could just sit there until I came to life again. I'd just have to live with my legs being spread wide and maybe my pussy dripping onto the floor. And it was a good orgasm.
Tony left me sitting in that sling for about an hour while he setup a camera on the wall opposite me. I assumed that he wanted to video me while the Ohmibod was driving me crazy. Then he did some work on his laptop. I have no idea what because I couldn't see the display.
While I was sat there I was looking at all the screens on the wall and I saw Aria come into her bedroom and strip naked. She left the room for a while then came back with a towel round her.
After doing a couple of things she took the towel off and painted her toe nails. Then she inspected her pussy area and used tweezers to remove some unwanted hairs.
Tony caught a glimpse of that and zoomed the camera right in on her pussy. We could just make out each hair as she plucked it out. The attention that she was giving that area must have got her aroused because she put the tweezers down and picked up a vibrator.
In glorious colour and very high resolution I watched my cousin bring herself to what appeared to be a very satisfying orgasm. It was nice to watch and I could even see her juices leak out of her hole; but hey, she's my cousin, I shouldn't have to see that sort of thing; and Tony shouldn't be seeing it either.
I just daren't ask Tony if he was streaming the feed to somewhere on the internet.
When Aria climbed into the bed Tony got back to what he was doing and 10 minutes later he turned to me and said,
"Right, that's all setup, now for round 2."
"What?" I asked, but I soon got my answer, my Ohmibod burst into life again.
As I started to feel good again Tony told me that he'd created an account for me on some voyeuristic website where people pay to watch girls strip and even fuck; and that I was going to get paid for letting people watch me bring myself off.
"But anyone that I know could be watching me, it's horrible."
"I doubt that anyone that you know will watch you. If they do it will be because I've given them the link to the website."
"OMG Tony, please don't do that. I'll never be able to face them again."
"That's the thing Claire, you will never know who has been watching you."
"But I don't want to be seen all over the world."
"You don't have any say in it Claire; in fact you've just got your first voyeur."
"What?"
"Yes Claire, you've now got 3 people from somewhere in the world watching you and if they decide to they will pay to control that vibrator that is slowly turning you on."
"Oh gawd, no Tony, please stop it."
"I'm not controlling it anymore Claire so just relax and go with it. I'll decide when to shut the site down. Have a look at the monitor at the top right, that's what those people are seeing."
I blushed when I saw myself on the screen. It was so detailed that I could make out one of the scar lines.
"Why are you doing this Tony?" I asked.
"Because I can; and besides, you want me to."
"No I don't."
"It's a good job that it's not your decision then Claire; relax and enjoy it. I know that I shall."
Then Tony disappeared for a couple of minutes and when he came back he was holding my new ball gag. As he fitted it on me he said,
"We don't want you disturbing the neighbours do we Claire?"
I couldn't answer him and over the next hour or so the Ohmibod probably did everything that it could do to my body. In between different people from anywhere in the world torturing me I managed to get the odd look at me on the monitor. My hair was a mess and I was covered in sweat. The camera angle was such that I couldn't see the floor below me but I was sure that there was a small puddle of my juices below me.
My Ohmibod made me cum 3 times during that time and I hoped that whoever they were got their money's worth and I was sure that I couldn't have lasted much longer.
It only stopped when Tony decided that he wanted to go to bed and, thankfully, he didn't want to leave me being tortured all night. As he shutdown the website and released my wrists he said,
"You need to get some sleep Claire, it's work tomorrow."
I tried to pull myself up and out of the harness but I was too tired. Tony was laughing as he helped me get out and helped me in to the shower. Then he went to bed.
I had a long shower then almost crawled to my bed. I was asleep in seconds.
I was still tired, but otherwise okay when the alarm went off and I was soon back into the old work day routine.
When we arrived at work Sandra was already there and Tony took great delight in telling Sandra that my pussy had been operated on. Sandra told me to sit on my desk, lay back and spread my legs.
"Bloody hell girl," Sandra said, "your hole is wide open, you haven't got anything to cover it. You need to start doing some Kegels."
She then prodded and poked me to see what my response was. She quickly made me cum, just as the postman was delivering our mail (ever since Tony stopped me wearing proper clothes, if the door isn't locked he comes in and puts it on a table near my desk).
It was bad enough that the postman sees me virtually naked each day but to see me having an orgasm was mortifying. I dreaded seeing him the next day but he just acted as if it hadn't happened.
When my orgasm had subsided Sandra asked me how my new pussy felt.
"Actually, it feels good. The air passing my more exposed hole makes me feel good and so does my more exposed clit touches things that it never has before. I have to be a bit careful that I don't accidentally rub it on something and get turned on."
Sandra laughed and said that maybe she should have the same operation.
The rest of the day went much the same as any other work day with the nearly naked me greeting delivery men, going out to the snack van and being looked at by all those workmen that now get their lunch outside our building. Rajeev has started giving me a discount, telling me that I'm good for his business.
On the way back to Tony's apartment he told me that I did need to start doing Kegel exercises. He told me that he didn't want my pussy to stretch so that he can't feel anything when he fucks me.
When I told him that I didn't know what Kegel exercises were he told me that he'd looked them up on the internet and he explained them to me. He told me that I have to do them every time that I'm sat doing nothing.
He also told me that he'd get me some balls that I (or him) can push up my hole and it is good exercise to try to keep them in for hours at a time. He told that he'd get me a selection of balls.
"Not footballs I hope." I joked.
"No, they're too light; now bowling balls would be good."
"Now I know that you are joking."
"Am I?"
Nothing more was said but I did the exercises in the car and decided that I could do it and that it was a good thing to do so I decided that I would; I didn't want to not feel his cock when he was fucking me. I wondered what my pussy would look like when I did them so I decided to get a mirror as soon as I could.
Later that evening Tony took me to the pub to see his mates. We didn't stay long because his mates wanted a good look at my new pussy and, although Tony told them that they could get a look in the pub, they wanted to go back to Tony's apartment for an even better look. On the way back they got a couple of cases of beer bottles and I realised that it wasn't going to be a quick look.
As soon as Tony and I got back Tony told me to climb into the harness. As I did so I begged him not to repeat what he'd done to me the previous evening.
"It may well end up like last night." Tony replied as he finished clipping my wrists to the rings in the ceiling.
Minutes later the door opened and 4 of his mates walked in.
Three of them came over to me and bent over to have a good look at my pussy while the fourth put the beer in the fridge. He came over and joined his mates.
"I don't remember her clit sticking out as much." One of them said.
"You're right mate, I got some of her hood cut away." Tony replied.
"Can I touch it?" Another asked.
"Sure, help yourselves."
They did, and I was soon moaning.
"Hang on a minute guys." Tony said and disappeared for a few seconds.
As he put my ball gag on he told his mates that he didn't want the neighbours disturbing.
His mates then took it in turn to play with my clit until all 4 of them had made me cum.
As one of the guys got 5 bottle of beer out of the fridge Tony told them that he's got me an amazing new vibrator, then he went and got it.
He put it on the table and used his phone to start it vibrating. We all watched it dance about and his mates came out with all sorts of comment. Then Tony picked it up and gave it to one of them.
"Put it in her will you please mate."
Without any hesitation he quickly pushed it up my vagina.
I moaned, but they wouldn't have heard me.
Tony then demonstrated what his phone could get the Ohmibod to do and I started jerking about. Then Tony passed his phone to each of them in turn and let them control me.
I managed to survive 2 of them but when the third mate took over he managed to take me over the edge. All 5 of them stood watching me with smiles on their faces.
The fourth mate started me on the upward journey again but he stopped before I reached my peak again.
Then Tony told them about the website and how people anywhere in the world can control my Ohmibod. He fired-up the website and they sat down waiting for someone to pay some tokens to control me. It wasn't long.
The 5 of them watched either me or my images on the big display as I started getting tortured again. During some of the short breaks that I got I looked at the monitors. I was pleased to see that Aria wasn't in her room and I hoped that she'd gone home for the weekend.
I, of course, was getting more and more tired and was pleased that I didn't have to try to stand up because I was sure that my legs wouldn't have supported me.
When the beer ran out the mates decided to leave but Tony asked them to get me down and put me in the shower. As they did, a couple of them couldn't resist rubbing my clit a bit and one of them nearly dropped me as the rubbing triggered an after shock and my body jerked.
They left me sitting on the floor in the shower. They'd turned it on but the water was cold to start off with. When it was warm I unfastened the ball gag and relaxed.
The water was starting to cool down when Tony came in, turned it off and told me to go to bed. I slowly managed to get up, get dried and get to my bed.
Fortunately, my alarm clock only wakes me on a Monday to Friday and as it was Saturday I woke up late. Tony was already up and thankfully he hadn't woken me. When I emerged ho told me to get our breakfast then to use the exercise cycle telling me that he wanted to see how my surgery affected my response to the saddle.
The quick answer is that it takes a lot less pedalling for me to reach a climax. Tony quickly realised that and told me to use the bike a lot more. The problem is that all that exercise wears me out and, along with the torture that my Ohmibod gives me I've over slept a couple of time resulting in me going to work with a red butt.
The second time that it happened we were both running late and Tony waited until we got to work to give me the spanking. He was still spanking me when Sandra arrived. She immediately started laughing then asked Tony if she could finish the job.
Tony agreed and Sandra gave me 20 more swats then started rubbing some cream that she had in her desk on my butt. She didn't stop there and she'd only been rubbing my clit for about a minute when I orgasmed. Sandra's response was to finger fuck me with at least 2 fingers whilst I was still cumming.
About 2 weeks after we got back from London Tony fixed a camera to the wall at the bottom of my bed. It looks down onto my bed. That night he tied my wrists and ankles to the corners of my bed then pushed my Ohmibod into my vagina. He put my ball gag on me then left me. I hoped that I was just going to have a night sleeping like that but a short while later the Ohmibod burst into life and started driving me crazy.
He checked on me about 30 minutes later. I was in agony, the Ohmibod was making my body jerk about as much as the restraints would allow and I desperately wanted to rub my clit and make myself cum.
"I'm leaving the light on Claire, try and get some sleep."
"Sleep!" I thought, "how the hell can I sleep with that thing going crazy in my pussy; and how can I sleep with the light on."
The random blasts from the vibe led me to believe that he'd connected the camera to the internet and that voyeurs website.
It went on for hours, presumably until the battery went flat, before I was able to get some sleep. But that was after my body gave in to the Ohmibod and I had cum 3 times.
Just before I went to sleep I realised that I was staring to like the idea of my naked body writhing about on my bed, and the resultant orgasms, and being seen all over the world; providing that none of them knew that it was me. I needed to find a way of getting Tony to blindfold me of adjust the camera angle so that my head wasn't visible.
"That's it," I thought, "I'll move the camera myself."
The next evening when I got the chance, I adjusted the angle of the camera and hoped that my face wasn't visible to the camera.
Tony didn't tie me to the bed that night and he didn't say anything. I was hopeful that I'd succeeded in my mission.
It wasn't until the morning 3 days later when I'd been tortured again, that Tony told me to watch a video. It was a split screen video and I instantly realised that it was me tied to my bed. Imagine my horror when in one of the windows was my naked body minus my head, and the other window was full of my face.
I watched the expressions on my face as they ranged from anticipation to lust to frustration to ecstasy. That time my first orgasm wasn't long in cumming and just as I reached my peak Tony turned the screen off.
"Tony, please, you can't let that video go on the internet."
"Too late Claire, it went out live last night; and you forget that I have total control over you, and that includes what the world sees."
Both my head and my heart dropped; he was right, the contract said so. I had to find a way out of the contract, Preferably without losing any of the money. I'd need that to emigrate.
Tony also moved the camera back to its original position.
The following night when I was tied into the sling again Tony added another implement to torture me even more. He got my magic wand and used duck tape to strap it to my right leg in a position where the business end was resting on my exposed clit.
The voyeurs made me cum even quicker that night and Tony cut the hour long session after about 30 minutes. The added stimulation wore me our quicker and he took pity of me, reminding me that he has some compassion.
The following Saturday Tony's siblings arrived for the evening. Zoey again said,
"Hi Claire Cumalot."
I didn't respond.
After a while of them joking about my slave status and my nudity, Tony told them that I'd had some surgery when we were in London. Of course they wanted to see and Tony told me to climb into the sling saying that it would be easier for them.
All 3 of them rubbed my exposed clit and finger fucked me before Tony got out my Ohmibod and pushed it in me.
After nearly an hour of Tony showing them how it can be controlled and letting them have a go; and me cumming twice, Tony finally switched it off and helped me get out of the sling.
I thought that my problems were over for the night but I was wrong. The subject of conversation soon got round to spankings and before long I was bent over the back of the sofa and getting spanked by all 4 of them.
I got some relief later when both Zoey and Eve stripped naked and Mick and Tony spanked both of them.
I wanted to say,
"There, see how you like it."
But I didn't, I just sat there and watched with a straight face.
Tony told me to sleep in his bed that night and he fucked me before he went to sleep and then woke me up in the morning by fucking me again.
I was a relatively happy girl that Sunday. It was also my monthly Sunday lunch with my parents and I had a great time catching up with them, although I again felt guilty when I changed the batteries in the teddy bear in Aria's room.
I don't think that I accidentally flashed my father, but he was in quite a good mood.
Three weeks after we got back from London Tony went to work without me. He told me to stay in his apartment because he was expecting a delivery. He also reminded me that I had to stay naked all day. Not that I needed reminding; I am very used to his rules and the consequences of failing to comply.
After Tony had left I tidied-up and cleaned the apartment. There's something about doing the housework naked that I like. It didn't take long because Tony has me cleaning things all the time.
Around late morning the doorbell rang and I opened the door. Two men stared at the naked me for a few seconds, and I stayed silent until 1 of them said that he had a delivery for Tony.
I looked at the 2 quite large boxes and asked,
"What are they?"
"No idea love, we just deliver them."
"Okay, can you bring them inside please?"
"We don't normally do but since you asked so nicely we will. Come on mate snap out of your dream."
I smiled as I realised why he was staring at me. Then I opened the door fully and stepped out of the way. The 2 men carried the boxes in and I told them to put them beside the exercise cycle.
"We don't normally take the packaging off but I think that we can make an exception for you." One of the men said.
"Thank you." I replied, knowing that they were only doing it so that they could look at me for longer.
For some weird reason I was enjoying being naked in front of those 2 men.
"Would you like a cup of tea gentlemen?" I asked, knowing that they would be able to see me moving around.
"Yes please." The other man said.
They took their time and still hadn't removed the boxes when I took their tea to them.
I watched as they lifted the contents out of the biggest box. It was a bench of some sort; padded with detachable sections at each end and it had metal rings on the metal bars that went along the sides at floor level.
"Never seen a bench like that before." One of the men said as they stood drinking their tea and looking at both me and the bench.
"Neither have I," I replied, "my flatmate ordered it but that's all that I know."
"Why was my pussy starting to tingle and get wet." I wondered.
In between sips of their tea and ogling at me, they lifted the contents out of the smaller box. It was some sort of electric motor and another, smaller card board box.
"Shall I open this box as well."
"May as well," I replied, "it might give us a clue as to what it all is."
As he opened it a big flexible dildo fell onto the floor.
"Hmm," one of the men said, and then turning to me he continued, "you really don't know what this is love?"
"No idea, as I said, my flatmate didn't tell me what he was expecting."
"Well love, this is what you call a fucking machine."
"Oh my gawd." I said after a quick gasp. "If I'd know I wouldn't have asked you to get it out of the boxes, I'm so sorry."
I think that I was actually blushing a little bit the tingling got a bit stronger and I felt a little wet rush.
"Would you like us to assemble it and you can try it out; it's the least that you can do after embarrassing us like that."
"I'm so sorry, honest, I didn't know." Then after a pause in which my pussy reminded me that it needed some attention, I continued,
"Well I guess that it IS the least that I can do."
The rest of their tea was quickly forgotten as the men assembled it, not that it took long.
"There you are love, climb on."
"I've never used one of these before, what do I do?"
One of the men told me to lay on the bench and shuffle along until the tip of the dildo touched my pussy then he asked if I was ready. When I said that I was, the other man plugged the plug into a wall socket then picked up a little black box. He slowly turned a knob and the dildo went back and forwards.
"I guess that that's it's maximum thrust love, you'll have to shuffle down so that it's inside you."
I did then the turned the knob again. This time he left it on and the dildo started fucking me.
"That's nice." I said.
"It will go faster." The man said and turned the knob.
Within a minute I realised that an orgasm was quickly building.
"Oh, oh, oh, aargh, aargh, oh, I'm cu ..."
"Wow, that didn't take long love, you must have been really gagging for it." One man said as I started to get my wits about me again.
"I, I guess that I was. Sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you."
"You didn't love. We'll just collect all this cardboard and leave you to enjoy yourself."
"I, I."
I didn't know what to say but I got up, off the bench and went and opened the door for the men to leave. As they walked through the door I said,
"I hope that you're not going to be late or get into trouble gentlemen."
"Don't you worry about us love, you just enjoy your new toy."
"I will." I said as I closed the door the turned to look at the machine that had just made me cum in front of 2 strangers.
"What the hell had I just done?" I thought. "How could I do that? What was wrong with me? No sane girl would ever do such a humiliating and debasing thing. Tony's turned me into some sort of exhibitionistic slut. Yet I had enjoyed it. It was only afterwards that I regretted doing it. Is that normal? What is normal? Am I normal? Am I a freak? "
I looked down at the dildo, just laying there, still with my juices on it, and my pussy twinged.
I decided not to tell Tony that I'd christened the machine and got a cloth and cleaned the dildo, wiped my juices off the bench and unplugged it.
As I continued with the chores that I had to do I decided that I was happy that Tony had bought that machine. Little did I know that there was more to it than I had sampled.
I was feeling sort of normal when Tony arrived back home.
"Oh good; it's arrived. I'm glad that you unpacked it, where's the boxes? Did you take them down to the bins? I hope you put them in the recycling bin."
"What? Oh yes, all gone, I hope that you didn't mind."
"No, it saves me unpacking it. You know what it is don't you Claire?"
"I can guess."
"You'll enjoy it."
"I doubt it."
"Oh you will Claire; after 5 minutes you'll want to use it every day."
"Oh, right. Do you want your tea now?"
"Yes, it's been a busy day and people were asking after you. You seem quite popular with the neighbours; I didn't think that so many men worked in Units nearby and even a policeman was asking after you. You haven't been breaking the law again have you Claire?"
"Probably, but that's your fault. You make me do those horrible things."
"There not horrible Claire, you love doing every thing that I tell you."
"Yes Tony," I thought sarcastically, "I just love being naked and masturbating in front of strangers. It really makes my day"
"I'll take your silence as your agreement; but it doesn't matter what you think; you signed the contract. Now, I'm going for a shower then we'll eat then I'll setup this machine where I want it and where you will be seen."
After I'd cleaned up after the meal Tony moved the fucking machine a little then changed the display on one of his monitors. When I saw it I realised that he'd been recording me using the exercise cycle, and cumming on it. Now the display showed the fucking machine as well, from the business end.
Then he raised one end of the bench so that it was sloping down to the dildo.
"Great," I thought, "I can watch the dildo fucking me."
After that he opened a bag that came with the machine that I hadn't bothered looking in to. When he tipped everything out of it I saw a longish strap, 6 of those karabiner things, one longer strap and 3 more dildos, all different colours. All3 were bigger than the one that was already attached to the motor and 2 of them were very knobbly. They looked painful.
"Go and get your wrist and ankle cuffs Claire."
When I got back he put them on me then told me to get on the bench. It was then that I noticed the metal rings along both sides of the base of the bench.
Tony clipped my ankles to the corners and my wrists half way along the bench. I was stuck; I'd tried to unclip those Karabiners with one hand before and never succeeded.
Next came the long strap. He lay it over my waist and strapped both ends to the base of the bench. I tried to move but I was firmly strapped down.
"Which one Claire?" Tony asked as he held up all the dildos.
The stupid me went and said the blue one which is one of the bigger ones with big lumps all over it.
"Good choice Claire; in at the deep end."
I didn't answer him and he screwed the chosen dildo onto the end of the metal bar then made a couple of adjustment so that the end of the dildo was just inside my hole.
Because of the size of the dildo I was dreading him switching the machine on, but thankfully when he did he set it to slow thrusts.
I swore as the big dildo entered me then retracted. The second time it didn't hurt as much then after that my body had got used to it and Tony turned the speed up.
Just then the doorbell rang. When Tony opened the door I heard him say,
"Oh hi Mick, to what do I owe the pleasure?"
"Hey, I was just wondering if you could show Dan here some of the cameras that you've got around the town. He's thinking about getting some in the shop that he's just opened."
"Sure, come on in."
"Woah there." Dan said when he saw me getting mechanically fucked, "If this is a bad time I can come back some other time."
"Relax mate." Mick said, "that's Claire, Tony's slave. Didn't know you had a fucking machine Tony."
"Yeah, arrived today, just trying it out. Come in and watch."
"H there Claire." Mick said.
"Hi." Dan said.
I was incapable of saying anything, not that I would want to; I just wanted to run away and hide.
I had to endure Tony, his brother Mick and Dan who I'd never seen before, watch as that damn machine slowly brought me to an orgasm. The thing was, Tony wanted to see what he could do with the controls and he played with them as the 3 of them watched my reactions.
After my first orgasm Tony turned the machine down and I was slowly getting fucked. The 3 men turned to look at the wall full of monitors. Tony explained where each camera was.
When he got to the camera in my old room at my parents he started to explain where the camera has hidden and he demonstrated the zoom. While he was doing that Aria walked into the room wearing just a towel. She sat on her bed, discarded the towel and started to pluck her pussy area.
Tony took great pleasure in demonstrating the zoom again and I felt horrible for Aria.
After he'd gone round the monitors he asked Dan about his shop. It is a young women's clothes shop and it isn't his, he just manages it for a large chain but he wants to cut the store's thefts to make an impression with head office.
"I'm sure that I can help you there but you have to understand that spying on young women when they are getting changed is illegal."
"Oh I know that, I want to cameras to be concealed and easily and quickly removable; just in case I have to remove them quickly."
"I understand, but you'll never be able to post the videos on the internet if there's anything that can trace them back to your shop."
"Yes, I understand that. Most of the videos will get deleted every day or so and the err interesting ones will be transferred onto a cloud drive that only I have access to; but I could make it available to you if you wanted."
"I store a lot of Claire's videos on a cloud drive as well. I'll give you the details before you leave. That christening of that machine is being transferred as we speak."
The 3 of them turned to look at me and I thought,
"Oh fuck."
But I didn't have a chance to dwell on it because the machine was causing my third orgasm to build.
"Getting a bit noisy isn't she?" Mick asked.
"I've got a couple of solutions to that problem. Well 3 if you are interested Dan?"
"Sure, why not?"
Tony got up and came over to me. He bent down, did something to the bench and my head fell backwards. Once I realised that the bench was no longer supporting my head I lifted it up.
"Leave it down Claire." Tony said.
As I lowered my head back down I saw that he'd got his cock out. I knew what he was going to do and I opened my mouth.
For the next 5 minutes he fucked my throat, holding it deep in my throat for longer and longer until I thought that I was going to die.
Finally, I felt his hot seed shoot further down my throat and he withdrew, letting the last few drops land on my face.
The machine was rapidly bringing me to my fourth, or was it my fifth orgasm and just as I was about to cum Mick shoved his cock into my throat.
OMG cumming with a full throat is a challenge, one that makes me think that I am dying, but I survived and Mick started to thrust in time to the machine. Fortunately he withdrew each time and I was able to grab a quick bit of air.
He too shot most of his load down my throat and let the dregs land on my face.
"Your turn Dan." Tony said.
"Are you sure, I mean she's taken 2 and that things being fucking her for ages."
"She can take it, she's still conscious isn't she? It no fun fucking her when she's out cold. I've tried it." Tony replied.
As Dan's cock entered my mouth I heard Mick say,
"So you don't fancy necrophilia then bro?"
I think that I heard Tony say not. I certainly hoped so.
My next orgasm had been building and it arrived just as Dan started squirting his load. Again, I struggled to take the punishment without suffocating; but I survived and gasped for air as Dan withdrew.
The 3 of them seemed to lose interest in me for a while and after a while they got up and turned to me.
"Nice to have met you Claire." Dan said. "Come and visit my shop, I'll give you a nice discount."
Mick just laughed then him and Dan left.
Tony came over to me and said,
"Two more orgasms and I'll let you get up."
He turned and went and sat on the sofa and opened his laptop.
It was 3 more orgasms before he switched the power off and unclipped my wrists. He left me to unclip the rest but I just lay there, the dildo still inside me, for ages before I found the energy to get up.
"Shower before you sit on the sofa." Tony said without lifting his eyes from his laptop.