Chapter 2: Negotiation
An additional $500 was fanned out in Martin's hands. It looked nice. Kelly thought for a moment. "I suppose it wouldn't hurt to at least listen," she said.
"I'll pay you this additional $500 for showing us your naked body," said Martin.
Kelly looked at him levelly.
"OR I'll pay you the $500 to give a handjob or a blowjob," said Martin.
"To you?" Kelly asked with a smirk. "This is what you had planned all along, didn't you?"
"Kelly, I would LOVE to get a blowjob from you today," Martin sighed heavily. "But sadly, I have male talent here who gets paid whether he works or not. Scott, would you come out here?" A tall, lean silver-haired man appeared. He was dressed in a t-shirt, running shorts, and sneakers, all dark colored. He looked like one of those older movie stars to Kelly. He was fucking ancient, but you'd do him. He had tight abs and lean but muscular arms and legs. As he approached, he towered over her, sitting on the bed, his head seeming to brush the ceiling. He sat on his haunches right next to her, eye to eye. He looked delighted and had a delightful smile. "Scott, this is Kelly."
"Honored," Scott said and shook hands with her. His hands were easily twice the size of hers.
"How tall are you?" Kelly asked.
"Around this time of day, I'm 6'8"," said Scott. "I shrink about an inch during the day. You don't have a boyfriend right now? 'Cause I've heard enough. I want to be your boyfriend."
"You're my dad's age!" Kelly argued.
"What you see is what you get," Scott said.
"Hold on," said Martin. "I was going to ask her to be my girlfriend."
Scott turned to Martin. "What about Jenny? Your wife, Jenny?" He turned back to Kelly. "He's married."
"You nasty man!" Kelly wagged her finger at Martin gleefully. "I'm going to freaking tell your wife!"
"But I'm getting you for her," Martin pleaded.
Kelly put out her hands towards Martin and laughed. "Get away!" she laughed. "Stay away from me!"
"You heard her story, Martin, Christ!" said Scott mock-horrified. "She's not into any of that perverted stuff you do over there!"
"Well, lest we emove-ray any incentive from the situation, can you save your marriage proposal until after the shoot? You're on my clock."
"You're right, I'm sorry Martin," Scott said. He turned to Kelly and said from the heart, "I'm not kidding, I'm in love. Whatever you decide to do today is perfectly fine. If you decide to go further, I'll take care of you."
Kelly felt Scott's promise down to her toes. She felt like she was falling for him. She thought of introducing him to her parents. Wuh! That was a wake-up call. Still, she wanted to stay. "Both," she said. Did that just come out of her mouth?
"Were you saying you want to do both things?" Martin smiled.
"That's what I said," said Kelly. It had been what she'd said, after all. It was impulsive. But she'd been impulsive before. She thought of all the boys that would lose their loads when she got naked and made Scott cum on her face.
"You want to show us your naked body, and you want to blow Scott?" Martin confirmed.
"Look, I've blown far less worthy men than Scott, and not only boyfriends," Kelly said. She was not some lightweight, like Martin was treating her. She'd been in a camper bed or two.
"Let's talk about more money," said Martin. "You can do some of these things in parallel and make more money at the same time."
Kelly was not looking at Martin anymore but into Scott's eyes, his Hazel eyes. They were scorched with electric streaks of brown. "I'm listening," she said.
"We'll give you an additional $500 if you have an orgasm on camera. You can use your fingers. If you want, we have an incredible selection of toys, all new in their packages. We even have bigger things like a Sybian and a fucking machine. Whatever you want, solo. OR, you can earn the same $500 if Scott gives you oral sex."
"Not just one," said Scott, dreaming into Kelly's pale blue eyes. "As many as you want. More than you've ever imagined."
Kelly sat up straight and pulled on Scott to come closer. He went onto his knees in front of her. He had one giant arm around her waist. His giant head was in her lap. "I'll take the oral, please."
"Yes! Thank you God," said Scott.
"Can I do both? For both amounts?" asked Kelly.
"No, this is one or the other," said Martin. "But the good news is you can come back and do the other one. You'll make more money, because you'll be getting paid $500 for getting naked each time. And if you want to come in, and you want Scott here, what do you say Scott?"
"Anytime, I'll be here to take care of you," said Scott, resting on Kelly's lap. He was looking so peaceful. This was all being caught on video.
"How about you pay me?" said Martin.
"I don't care, but you should play fair," said Scott.
"If you don't pay him, I won't do it," said Kelly.
"Well, that settles that," said Martin.
"Marry me," said Scott.
"On your OWN time, please," said Martin. "Porn marriages are seldom happy, Kelly."
"Don't worry about me," said Kelly. "Could you imagine him meeting my parents? You are, how old are you?"
"Fifty," said Scott.
"ONE year younger than my dad," said Kelly. "Oh, and here, mom and dad, here's the zillion porn movies he's made. And I hope you like all his tattoos and piercings all laid out there. Oh yeah. That would be a fun conversation."
"What's your major?" asked Scott.
"Mathematics," said Kelly.
"Fascinating," said Martin. "Are you any good at it?"
Kelly scrunched her nose at him, "Fuck you, Martin! My GPA is 3.0."
"That's good," said Scott from her lap.
"Kelly," said Martin, "I'm very sorry to have doubted you. You're about to need your math skills, because now we're talking big money. We're already up to an additional $1,500 for the naked, the blowjob, and the orgasm."
"Orgasms," said Scott.
"I stand corrected," said Martin. "You can make an additional $1,000 for making love to Scott, letting him make love to you. We're talking about his penis in your vagina. That's a total of $2,500. Additionally, you must blow him off, and you must also have an orgasm from him before the sex. Our female subscribers especially appreciate fairness."
"This will be easy," Scott told her.
"Before the sex?" said Kelly. "I don't orgasm during sex. We've established that." Then aside to Scott, "But will you... after?"
"Absolutely," said Scott.
"Hmm," said Kelly, with a panicky look, "Yes, okay." She talked downwards to Scott, "But you'll use protection, right?"
"I can show you my health certificate," said Scott. "I'm clean."
"I'm not on birth control," said Kelly.
"I thought you said you were on the pill," said Martin.
"I used to at one time be on the pill. But the pill costs money. Which I don't have," said Kelly. "And there was no reason."
"Oh. Well. That's a problem," said Martin. "Our subscribers want to see a creampie."
"What's that?" asked Kelly.
"That's Scott's semen coming out of you," said Martin.
"How are we going to possibly manage that?" asked Kelly.
"Let me take care of that," said Scott.
"But no, guys, I'll get pregnant," said Kelly.
"If you don't do the creampie, Kelly," said Martin, "I can only offer you an additional $500, not $1,000. A morning after pill costs fifty bucks at the free clinic. Why not make another $450?"
"That's hardly fair," said Kelly. "And my parents are Catholic. If they ever found out..."
"But you were on the pill," said Martin.
"Were you born in a barn?" asked Kelly. "In the Catholic church, use of the pill is frowned upon but people look the other way. Everybody needs birth control. But the morning after pill can kill a live fetus, which is abortion, tantamount to murder. It's absolutely unforgivable."
"Well, you learn something new every day," said Martin. "So how about $500 and Scott pulls out, which he very much knows how to do. He can put it anywhere you want."
"On my face and breasts, please," said Kelly with a grin. "I've never had it there. It sounds hot."
"A facial for the lady," said Scott. "Your wish is my command."
"Okay, so it's $2,000, you two go at it, anything you want. I get full nudity, one blowjob orgasm for Scott, and at least one orgasm for Kelly before the sex. Then there's another orgasm for Scott where he pulls out and sprays it on your lovely face and tits."
"Don't be coarse," said Kelly, "Yes. And one after the sex."
"What?" said Martin.
"An orgasm," said Kelly.
"I'll handle it," said Scott. "So happily."
"I'm happy to capture that special moment. Like I said, you two can just act naturally. Now, I'm going to have to take Scott there to my office. We were not expecting him to do this much. We need to negotiate for his services. I'm sure not going to do that in front of you, considering the money you already cost me." They all laughed. "Scott would have paid me!"
"I almost did it," said Scott.
"Anyway," said Martin. "Camera off, now. Shouldn't take long. Have some tea over there. Don't touch any cameras or lights. Play with the toys if you want. We'll be right back." Kelly smiled at Martin and Scott as they left the room together.
Martin ushered Scott into his office and closed and locked the door. Scott began, "It feels cruel to cum inside her after all her very real concerns and fears we discussed."
"Look," said Martin, "You and I know it's just a harmless prank, easily fixed. And the shock and awe can work only once. We do it and we do whatever it takes to clean it up for her. We all live happily ever after."
"She's a fireball," said Scott. "She could crush our nuts with a sledgehammer before we get a chance to explain. We may not get a chance to explain. Look, I'm not going to do it unless you pay her the extra $500."
"I was going to do that anyway," said Martin.
"I would hope so," said Scott. "AND fifty bucks for a morning after pill. AND buy anything else she wants, up to a total of an additional $500."
"You're breaking my balls, Scott," said Martin. "I've got a business to run here."
"How popular do you think she's going to be?" argued Scott, "How much money will it rake in if you can make it right with her? Calm her down? Give us time to explain? Make her listen to reason? Get her back in here?"
"Okay, you're being persuasive," said Martin.
"Wow, I must be getting better," said Scott.
"No, she's magic," said Martin. "We both know it. If we can keep her, grow her, I think we'll be printing money."
"I'm going to marry her," said Scott. "Wait and see."
"My friend, you are WAAAAAAAY too freaky for that one. If you even get her in your bed, which, I'll bet you a hundred dollars," said Martin.
"I'll take that bet," said Scott. "Give me a month."
"Send me a photo, all prim and proper, with clothing... or not. Hi from Scott's bed! And the money's yours."
"Two to one odds," said Scott.
"Fuck you, you've got all the incentive. One to two odds," said Martin.
"Even is fine."
"That's better."
(To be continued)