Author's Note: Thank you for reading, commenting, and voting! We are shifting further into the next phase for Kat and John. Beware -- plenty of cheating and rough spanking here. The battle for control continues!
* * *
Kat had thrown herself into the monumental task of planning a large society wedding. Their engagement was scheduled for a year. James showed no interest in helping, which I saw as an opportunity for me. Errands and wedding planning were a built-in excuse for Kat to get away for play time. So on top of our two or three weekly trysts, I started brainstorming additional meetings that Kat could cover under the guise of wedding preparation. It allowed me to be creative and push her boundaries. When I could do that, I felt much more in control of our affair, and that's something I wanted to continually increase.
One day in December, it was beautifully warm, and Kat was complaining that she had to spend the afternoon shopping with her future mother-in-law. It was a Friday, and I had a relaxed day of work, so it got my brain churning.
"Go park on the roof of my parking garage," I texted Kat. "It's almost empty." I could look at the top floor of the parking deck from my office.
"And?" Kat responded.
"Dress. No panties," I said. "Text when you arrive. Go in the back seat, lift your dress up, and wait on your hands and knees with the door unlocked."
"15 mins," she wrote back.
I paced in my office. The sky was clear blue and the sun almost painfully bright. But the temperature was only in the mid 70s. It was a perfect day. Kat texted that she had pulled into the garage. I waited a few minutes and then looked down on the rooftop of the parking garage. Her dark blue BMW SUV appeared, and she parked. The sun gleamed against the metallic paint. The driver's door opened, and I saw Kat in a flowy black dress and jeans jacket get out. She opened the back door and closed it behind her.
"I'm here, daddy," she wrote.
"On my way," I responded.
My heart raced as I took the elevator down to the ground floor of my building. My palms sweated as the parking garage elevator carried me up to the roof. I loved public fun. I approached Kat's car and opened the back door. She had obeyed.
Her dress was pulled above her hips, and I was greeted by her beautiful bubble butt. Her pussy lips twinkled with moisture as the sunlight hit them. I leaned down and gave a single, long lick from her pussy to her asshole. She moaned. I pushed her forward, almost mashing her head against the opposite window. I unbuckled my pants, lowering them just enough to penetrate her. I smacked her ass and eased inside her. I had to kneel awkwardly, one leg on the back seat and one on the floor of the BMW, but it was a good angle to fuck her. I left the door open. Anyone could have seen us.
I spanked her again and finally spoke. "You are a good girl for obeying me, Kitty Kat," I said. The setting of our fuck made me insatiably aroused.
"I'll never say no to you," she said. "Fill up your slut. Make me remember what a cheating whore I am while I'm shopping with his mom."
I hadn't cum in two days, and the absolute thrill of being inside Kat, outside, on such a beautiful day, with the threat that a car or security could happen upon us at any moment made my desire shoot through the roof.
Kat continued to urge me on. "You can tell me to come anytime, anywhere, and I will fuck your brains out," she said. "I'll do anything to feel your hot cum inside me."
Sensory overload hit me, and I shot ropes of cum into Kat. "I love your cheating cunt," I grunted. "Take it! Take every last drop of it!"
"Oh baby! Oh my god!" she yelled. "That is so much cum! You're making such a mess out of my cheating pussy."
I grabbed her ass cheeks and squeezed them, then put down her skirt again. I pulled up my pants and buckled my belt. Sweat beaded on my forehead.
"That was so fucking hot," I said.
"I love when you make me such a dirty girl," she said, hopping down from the back seat.
We finally kissed. "Guess you need to get going, huh?" I said.
"I do, actually," she said. "You're such a bad boy, using me as a cum dumpster and just sending me on my way."
"I'm going to make you pay for your own parking, too," I said.
Her eyes widened.
"I'm kidding," I said and passed her a parking validation ticket.
"So generous," she said.
"Only the best for the best slut," I said.
A few minutes after I returned to my desk, Kat sent me a picture. It was of her cum-soaked panties. I wrote back right away. "I told you no panties," I said.
"You'd be leaking down my thighs while I shop!" she protested.
"It was a simple instruction," I said, "and you know disobedience has to result in punishment."
"Sometimes bad girls like me like punishments," she said.
"Don't be a brat," I said. "Go see your mother-in-law." I added a laughing emoji.
A few hours later, I asked her how the shopping had gone. I was really enjoying this game. Kat didn't always feel like putty in my hands. But she did right now.
"Exhausting," she replied. "But she paid for everything."
"What is your schedule for the evening?" I asked.
"I'm getting ready for date night," she said. "He'll be here in 30 minutes."
"I'll be over in less than ten minutes. I don't need more than five minutes," I said. "Because you need your punishment."
"That's cutting it really close, babe," she wrote.
"I'm already on my way," I said. "This isn't up for discussion."
It took only five minutes until I knocked on her apartment door. Kat smiled nervously at me. She wore a clingy pair of jeans and a blouse. I strode into her dining room and sat on a chair. I motioned her to come to me. She stood in front of me, and I pulled down her jeans and thong.
"I'm going to inspect you," I said. I spread her ass cheeks. I spread her pussy lips and slipped a finger inside. "I'm still inside you," I observed. "Bend over." I looked her up and down with eager eyes before concluding, "Absolutely exquisite." I threw her over my legs and raised a hand up high, bringing it down firmly on her ass.
"Oh, daddy!" she squealed.
"Disobedient sluts get spanked," I said sternly.
"Harder," she urged.
I spent five minutes deliberately spanking her ass with determination. My hand prints were clearly visible on both cheeks. Her pussy got wetter and wetter with each crack of my hand.
"I'm your bad girl," she moaned.
I put two fingers in her cunt and stroked her g-spot and clit for a few, brief moments. Then I stood her up, pulled up her pants, and kissed her.
"Have a good date night," I grinned and left.
I was home having a glass of wine thirty minutes later, when Kat texted me.
"He showed up less than ten minutes after you left!" she wrote. "That was too close!"
"But you needed it," I said, matter of factly.
"I did," she said. "I love how you manhandle me."
Reading that made me smile. The balance of power was shifting in my favor. I intended to keep it that way.