The next day my treatment got worse. Melanie, Alice, and David were there all day, playing with me to relieve boredom. So new punishments began.
In the early morning, Donald just barked commands at me, sneering, but reading his paper and not speaking to me. Just commands, like "coffee," and "orange juice."
As Melanie and the teenagers came for breakfast a bit later, Melanie added a new twist. Supposedly she didn't like the coffee. She made me stand next to the breakfast table, turn away from them showing my backside, bend over, and push my panties down to my ankles. David giggled, Alice cackled, and Melanie said nothing. As I remained bent over like that, Melanie held up the little skirt to expose me fully and spanked my bare butt hard. Then she invited both teens to do the same. They both spanked me with relish and then Alice grabbed a wooden spoon and spanked me with that -- which really hurt.
Then David made me get down on my hands and knees, still with panties at my ankles, so they could see all of my naked backside, fully exposed under the tiny skirt that barely reached the top of my butt. Melanie liked that, and said they could have me mop the floors. David very deliberately took the tiny skirt and folded it up over my back, showing my entire naked rear.
For the rest of the day they made me waddle around with panties at my ankles, moving awkwardly, as I worked. I still had to clean the kitchen floor and clean the five bathrooms, on my knees, showing everything, with panties by my ankles. Melanie and the teenagers spanked my bare bottom whenever they were near. The two women employees ignored me, but Eddie poked, fondled or pinched every time he got near me. Twice, when the doorbell rang, Melanie had me open up for delivery men, and sign, shuffling awkwardly instead of walking, with panties still at my ankles. She told them I liked it, then had me lift the skirt up to show pubes, then turn to show my backside, then bend over.
At one point in late morning, when I thought I was alone in the kitchen, on my hands and knees with panties at my ankles and backside exposed, I suddenly felt a sharp sting on my butt. I instinctively felt the spot with my hand and discovered it came with a bright lime green color, like a powder. The sting was annoying, like a bug bite. There were a couple more similar stings, and I reacted to both of them, before I saw a puff of the same color on the floor nearby and heard David giggling. It turned out he had some kind of toy pistol like a BB gun that shot tiny little balls of color. I guess it was sold as safe for kids, to be used with a target, because it shot like a pistol, made marks that could be easily wiped off clean, and did no real damage. It was also relatively safe because when it hit a person, it didn't break the skin and only stung for a few seconds.
That was pretty constant for me during the day to day. The pistol was left around the house and every one of the four of them would occasionally amuse themselves by shooting me with it, mostly hitting my butt. David, being a teenage boy, did it three of four times more often than anybody else.
That afternoon Donald had Eddie drive me to his office in town, where I used to work along with a dozen other people. Yes, I was allowed to pull my panties up before leaving, but in the office, Donald presented me to all the others wearing that same humiliating maid uniform. He told them I'd agreed to my humiliation as punishment. He didn't specify exactly for what, but he did say I was grateful for this treatment, temporarily, instead of other remedies. The office visit took two hours.
The worst was when they put me on top of a desk face down and rear up, the little skirt turned up and pulled panties off, thighs open wide, so I was entirely exposed. Somebody drew a target on my backside, for the stinger gun. I couldn't see that of course, but there were shrieks of laughter, and it was clear from the talk what was happening. Then they took turns, counting points where the puffs of color landed, and keeping score, with lots of laughing and chatter. As I felt the stings it became clear to me that the target had points assigned to different part of me, and the highest points bullseyes were in the most sensitive and embarrassing places. The winner was really good, so he hit me over and over right on the rosebud where it stung the most, much more than just my butt cheeks. All the while they kept two of them on either side of me, with belts to spank me with, so I couldn't relax for even a second, had to keep pulling; so it was like me purposely exposing my anus for all of them, as if I wanted to. In between rounds, they'd wipe the color off, and take that opportunity to also rub me and explore me. And the reward for winning was playing for a while with my body, naked, on all fours, on a desk. They had several rounds of this. In between rounds, they'd wipe the color off, and take that opportunity to also rub me and poke at me. After several rounds through they changed my hands to open my lower lips instead, and they erased some of the target lines and made my most sensitive inner parts the bullseye. And then again, one guy hit the bullseye repeatedly, with me forced to cooperate all the while, having to "hold that target open."
Later, back at Donald's house, as I served dinner, still with panties at my ankles, Donald told the others I had too much clothing. He made me take off everything except stockings, high heeled shoes, and the silly white belt with the tiny apron. It covered only a small part of my front, from waist down about six inches, so I was more naked than just naked, the way it highlighted the rest of me. Naturally, I am now acutely aware of bouncing and swaying. I have a decent figure and I'm not unattractive. But I haven't gotten used to being like that all day for any and all to see.
After dinner, they kept me in the TV room for the evening, either fetching and carrying drinks and snacks and serving them, or on all fours with my rear view showing. They whacked my rear every time they got up from where they were watching to get something or go to the bathroom.
David did some special things to me. Several times, while I was my hands and knees in the TV room, he focused in on my special parts, stroking gently, caressing, and turning me on. With the submission and the exposure I was primed for the fantasy. David knew it and got better at it. Each time, he would point out my arousal to the other three. And, to be honest, I liked it. He was gentle and quite effective. I was legitimately turned on and grateful they didn't make a big deal of it. His parents looked on, unimpressed, not worried. Alice giggled.
That day too ended up with a shower with David watching, and me sleeping in the bare room on the bare mattress. I did sneak to the garage to take advantage of the toilet with no one watching.