Most of these stories are standalone, so you don't have to read them all. This one, however, calls back (slightly) to Pt 20.
---
I'd been talking to Lisa at work, and she was whining about wanting to get laid. An idea started to form in my head. I called Dan.
"I have a favor to ask," I told him.
"This doesn't sound good," he said, "what's up?"
"I'd like you to have sex with my friend Lisa."
"Why?" he asked.
"Well," I said, "she's been really focused on her career, and told me she misses sex, but doesn't want a relationship."
"Can't she just go and pick up some rando in a bar?"
"She wants somebody trustworthy," I said.
"And I'm the best you can do?"
"You're trustworthy, and you're good in the sack. It's not like she'll have some clown cum after 3 thrusts and be frustrated."
"And you're OK with this?"
"Yes, it's my idea."
"What's wrong with her? Can't she go on Tinder or Bumble or whatever?" he asked.
"There's nothing wrong with her."
"Is she ugly?"
"No."
"Obese?"
"No."
"Smelly?"
"No."
"Then why can't she get a real date?"
"She doesn't want a real date, she just wants sex," I said. "Please? I'd like to suggest it to her, and I'll bring her over. We can go out, if you'd like to get to know her a little, but she's really nice, and you can always say no when you've met her."
"Does she have any weird kinks, like she's going to kill and eat me after sex?"
"Not that I'm aware of."
"Well that makes me feel much better," he said. "Fine, bring her over some time."
"When?'
"Surprise me."
Later on, I suggested this to Lisa, and she was really embarrassed, and didn't want to talk about it.
---
About a week later, Lisa asked if she could meet Dan, so we went to his place that weekend. I knocked on the door, and when he opened it, led her in and introduced them.
We all sat down in the living room.
"So I understand you're not looking for friends, you're just looking to get laid," he said, getting straight to the point.
"Yeah, pretty much," she said.
"Well that makes things easy. Shall we get started?"
She stood up, smoothing down her skirt. He stood up too, and started towards the bedroom. We followed him.
"So now you want to watch?" he asked me.
"I'm just going to make sure she's OK," I said.
In the bedroom, they undressed. Lisa seemed shy, and covered herself a little.
"So, how do you want to do this?" Dan asked her.
"Missionary, I guess?" she said.
"OK," he said, "lie down."
She laid down on her back on the bed.
"Can we use a condom?"
"Certainly," he said.
He stood up and opened the drawer in the bedside cabinet, and pulled one out.
"Let me," I said.
I took the packet from him, and sat on the edge of the bed to open it. Once I'd got it out, I took hold of his cock and sucked on the head for a minute or so to get him properly hard, then unrolled the condom.
He knelt down on the bed between Lisa's spread legs, and rubbed lined his cock up with her pussy, and rubbed it up and down a few more times, causing her to shudder.
He slowly pushed his cok into her, then started gently grinding away.
"Is this OK?" he asked.
"Oh yes," she said, "fuck me."
They'd only been at it for a minute or so when she came, shuddering for a few seconds.
"Do you want to stop now?" Dan asked.
"No," she said, "keep going, I'm sure I can cum again."
Well, she did. I reckon she must have cum 5 or 6 times.
He pulled out, and gave Lisa a wash cloth. I said "I've got it," and pulled the condom off, and put it in a wash cloth, then sucked his cock clean. Lisa lay there and watched this.
"You two have an odd relationship, don't you?" she asked.
"Oh yes," Dan said, then pulled on underwear and jeans, and went out into the living room.
Lisa put her panties and blouse on, and we followed him.
"So tell me about your odd relationship," she asked Dan.
He looked at me. "Shouldn't this come from you?"
"Go ahead," I said.
"OK," he said, "Sue's an exhibitionist, and gets me to help her with her little games."
"How did I not know about this? What sort of games?" asked Lisa.
"Lots of stuff," he said.
"Why don't you get more comfortable?" he asked, so I took my dress off and sat there in my panties.
"Do you want to order us a pizza?" he asked.
I smiled. We were going to show her. I picked up the phone and called and ordered a pizza.
We sat and chatted until there was a knock at the door. I went to go to the door, but Dan said "naked", so I took my panties off. Then went and got the door.
It was Sean, so I gave him a quick kiss and took the box from him.
"Come in," I said, and headed back towards the living room.
Lisa was surprised to see the strange guy and pulled her blouse tighter around her with her hands. I put the box down on the table, and went and got the money to pay Sean. He was staring at me, naked, so I asked him if he'd like to rub my tits.
He grabbed them, and mauled away for a minute or so. He wasn't too rough, so it started to get me going.
"How about I give you a tip," I said, and knelt down in front of him, reaching for his belt. I unzipped him, pulling his cock out and started sucking. After a few minutes, I could tell he was really getting into it, but we had an audience, so I let go and had him jack off over my tits as she held them up for him. I sat, rubbing his cum over my chest as he put his cock away and zipped up.
As Dan walked him to the door, I got a wash cloth and started cleaning up.
Dan got some plates and offered us some pizza.
"That was incredible," Lisa said, taking a slice. "How often do you do this?"
"Every now and then," I said, "maybe once a week to once a month."
"Don't you have Dave?" asked Lisa.
"Yes, but he doesn't know, or need to know, about any of this. I don't think he'd approve. It's not like we're exclusive or anything."
"Does Dave know that?" Dan asked.
"What else do you do? Do you ever let them cum in your mouth? Fuck you?" asked Lisa.
"I'll let them cum in my mouth."
"I'm just amazed, I never saw this side of you," said Lisa.
"It turns me on," I said, "I really like it, but it scares me sometimes. I couldn't do any of this without him to look after me."
"And Dave doesn't know any of this?" asked Lisa.
"Nothing."
"Did you want to do anything else now?" Dan asked.
"What do you mean?" asked Lisa.
"Well, I could probably organise a gang bang."
"Uh, no," I said. "This is her day."
"Lisa?"
She smiled and said "no, thanks, I'm good."
"Could we fuck?" I asked. "Watching you two and sucking him has got me pretty turned on."
He smiled. "How do you want to do it?"
I stood up and said "how about cowgirl, on the floor here while Lisa watches?"
He got up, and Lisa went and undressed him.
When he came over to me, naked, I sucked his cock for a minute or so, then told him to lie down on the floor. I straddled him, and reached under me to rub his cock through my pussy lips. Once it was nice and wet, I put it inside and lifted myself up and down. Dan played with my tits until I came.
I got off me, and settled between his legs, and sucked him off until he came in my mouth. All three of us got into the shower and got clean.
We spent the afternoon drinking wine, finishing off the pizza and talking, sitting there naked.
Lisa said "we should do this again some time" as we were getting ready to leave.
"I'm sure I could bring you over and play again some other time, if you want," I said.