The Sperm Donor -- Part 2

Doctor Vivian Tyler, Brigham & Women's Hospital CEO, sat at a long, rectangular table at one end of the hospital's main conference room looking every bit as imposing as a linebacker on a world-class football team. She was a woman in her early fifties, with short brown hair flecked with gray, brown steely eyes, and a six-foot-tall frame. Despite the fact that she was big-boned, she was attractive and even sexy, equipped with twin towers of flesh discreetly ensconced within her DD-size bra. Seated at the table with her were Amalda Habermann, the Chief Medical Officer; Francesca Marino, the Chief Operating Officer; Juanita Alverez, the Chief Nursing Officer; and Nancy Griffin, the Chief Financial Officer. Together they represented the upper echelons of the hospital's hierarchy, and they were there today to adjudicate on the matter of Dr. Richard Hatfield's future as a practicing medical professional.
There were two other rectangular tables in the room positioned at right angles to the main table. On one side sat doctors LeClair, Ford, Swensen, and Shine, and a forlorn-looking Dr. Hatfield, otherwise known as "Dickey". On the other side sat Estelle Rubinstein and three of her friends, all of whom had been assaulted by Dickey the week before in his attempt to flee the hospital. One of them, Lily Davenport, a tall, pretty brunette, was still sporting a black eye from the altercation. She looked up periodically at Dickey, her eyes glaring behind the thick sunglasses meant to hide the black and blue marks around her left eye. She sat back in her chair, her hands crossed, her face a study in impatience.
"Can we get on with this?" she said to Vivian, her voice full of frustration. "We've been waiting now for over twenty minutes."
"Just hold on, Lily," Vivian replied, as she continued to read from a pile of papers in front of her.
Another long minute passed and then Vivian lifted her head up and removed her glasses. She placed them on the table and took a sip of coffee before turning to Dr. LeClair.
"I think we can dispense with titles since we all know each other," she began. "Is this all of it?"
"Yes," Dr. LeClair replied. "The whole nine yards."
Vivian frowned. "You know, Fallon..."
"I know what you're going to say, Vivian, but I'd like to mention that there is an alternative..."
"Hold on just a minute," Vivian said, raising her hand up. "Is everybody that impatient here today? We're here to decide Dickey's future. To some of you that may not seem important but it is to me. Now, may I proceed?"
"Of course," Fallon said. "I'm sorry for interrupting."
Vivian looked at Dickey. "You are aware of the charges brought against you?"
"Yes," he replied.
"And how do you plead?"
"Guilty," he replied, sighing heavily.
"Guilty," she repeated, shaking her head glumly. She looked at Sheila. "I see that the report states mitigating circumstances due to drunkenness. Is that correct?"
"That's correct. I was one of the first to encounter him in his inebriated state."
"And yet you went ahead and tried to obtain a sperm sample from him."
"Yes. The level of inebriation wasn't readily apparent to me. I just thought he had a few drinks."
"So he showed no untoward behavior?"
"He did say something risqué to our senior nurse on duty at the time but then again he's always making jokes like that. We didn't think anything of it."
"And I understand that he was not on duty last Friday. Correct?"
"Yes."
"I also understand that he spoke to you and your other colleagues in harsh and threatening language."
"That's true."
Vivian looked at Melody. "You and Dickey are good friends are you not?"
"We are," Melody replied.
"And what threatening language did he use on you?"
"You read it, Vivian."
"For the record."
Melody glanced at Dickey and then at the floor. "He threatened to crush my skull."
"He said the same thing to all of us," Vivian," Fallon said. "He was drunk."
"Drunk enough to strike you, Sheila, and several other hospital personnel."
"Yes."
Vivian sat up in her chair and sighed loudly. "This is most disturbing." She turned to Estelle, who was sitting closest to her, her all-black attire lending her a funereal appearance. "You state that you and your friends were accosted by Dickey--excuse me--Dr. Hatfield?"
"Indeed we were," Estelle replied haughtily. "And we were threatened as well."
"He bit me!" Grace DeCosta exclaimed. She was a short, pretty blonde with blue eyes and a long-time friend of Estelle's. She held up her right hand so that everyone could see the bite marks still plainly visible.
"And he pushed me onto the floor and walked all over me!" said Addison Field, a very pretty redhead who sat next to Grace. "My lower back was in so much pain that I had to have an MRI done."
"And what was the result of that test?" Amalda asked her.
"Nothing much. Just a pulled muscle. But I'm still in pain."
"The report states that it wasn't just you four who were assaulted. Who were the others?"
"Oh, I don't know," Grace replied gruffly. "Probably some nonentities who were too spineless to press charges."
"In any case it doesn't matter," Estelle said to Vivian. "We're the ones you have to contend with, not that mundane rabble."
"I hardly think women seeking to be artificially inseminated constitute a 'mundane rabble'," Francesca said to Estelle. "Just because they're not part of your elite circle..."
"They're rabble!" Estelle said. "You can tell just by looking at them. Young, addle-brained millennials who do nothing but text each other all day. They're all in love with him--with Dr. Hatfield--Dickey!"
"All right that's enough!" Vivian exclaimed. "We're not here to assess the merits, or lack thereof, of the younger generation." She turned to Juanita. "You said that you treated some of the attendees. Were there any serious injuries reported?"
"No," Juanita replied. "They were all superficial--a bite, a few bruises. Lily got a black eye."
"Yes, I did!" Lily exclaimed, removing her glasses to show the discoloration around her eye. "And it hurts like hell!"
Nancy chuckled. "Oh, come on, Lily. It couldn't hurt that bad."
"It does, Nancy," Lily replied. "I might have lost an eye!"
The Chief Financial Officer scoffed at the absurd suggestion. "Now you're exaggerating!"
"I am not exaggerating!"
"Okay! Okay!" Vivian said, irritated by the woman's irrational claims. "Let's move ahead, shall we?" She turned to Christiana. "We haven't heard from you. Do you have anything to add?"
"As a matter of fact, I do," Christiana replied. "I was just waiting until we got all this preliminary stuff out of the way."
Vivian looked at her quizzically. "Preliminary stuff? What the hell are you talking about?"
"Well, I think it's obvious that Dr. Hatfield's medical career is over. He's committed several infractions, any one of which is enough to warrant revocation of his medical license--or at the very least a suspension."
"I don't want to hear any talk about suspension," Estelle said hotly. "Only a revocation of his license is going to satisfy me and my friends."
"Damn right," Lily said.
"Absolutely!" Grace added without hesitation.
Addison drew her index finger quickly across her throat while smiling evilly at Dickey. "Bye! Bye!" she croaked.
Dickey gave her a disgusted look and turned his head away. On Christiana's advice he had kept his mouth shut in deference to some wild plan of hers to help save his career. He had agreed to let her take the reins but it was killing him not to speak out in his own defense. And now, as she was about to make her intentions known to everyone, he knew that if she was successful, there would be a heavy price for him to pay.
"What's your point, Christiana?" Vivian asked.
"There is no question as to Dr. Hatfield's guilt. He has admitted as much. However, in an effort to save this man's career, I would like to make a deal with you."
"With me?" Vivian asked with surprise.
"With all of you."
"All of us?" Estelle sneered. "You must be joking!"
"She's not joking," Sheila said with a stolid expression.
Addison laughed out loud. "There aren't going to be any deals, Christiana! This is not some back-alley hookup where you can negotiate for better terms. This is a god-damn hospital and the four of us are its primary donors. You finagle things in his favor and we'll shut you off completely."
Vivian, annoyed at the woman's outburst, slammed her hand down on the table. "Damn it, Addison! We might be members of the Sisterhood but that doesn't give you the right to shoot off your mouth and make threats. Now let Christiana speak!"
"Wait a minute!" Dickey said to Vivian, suddenly. "What did you just say?"
"You heard what I said."
"You said something about a...a Sisterhood. What is that?"
"It seems you let the cat out of the bag, Vivian," Francesca said.
Vivian gave Addison a menacing look. "I lost my temper thanks to you!"
"It doesn't matter," Christiana said to Vivian. "He was going to find out about us anyway so you might as well do the honors."
"This is highly irregular," Vivian replied dourly. "Is this part of your deal?"
"Yes."
"I see. All right. I'll play along--for the moment." She looked at Dickey. "You've heard of Goldman Sachs, Exxon, Disney, I'm sure."
"Of course," he replied.
"And what do they have in common?"
"They're all multinational corporations."
"And?"
"I don't know. They make billions of dollars."
"And they are all headed by women."
"I didn't know that."
"Now you do. But these are not ordinary women. They are all members of a worldwide feminist organization known as the Sisterhood. We have chapters in every country and our members occupy some of the highest positions in both the public and private sector. Every woman you see in this room is a Sister."
"Everyone?"
"Everyone."
He looked around the room until his eyes settled on Melody. "Is that true?"
Melody nodded. "Yes, Dickey."
"Haven't you ever wondered why you are the only male doctor in this hospital?" Vivian asked him.
"I always assumed it was due to your own prejudices against men in general."
"That's partly true. I prefer women doctors as a rule."
"Then why did you hire me?"
"Because of your impeccable academic record, your work ethic, and your willingness to work within the system I created. Not to mention the fact that your physical beauty acts like a welcome palliative to many of our patients. But there is another and far more important reason why I don't want male doctors in this hospital. And that's because they simply can't be trusted. Their arrogance, their dismissive attitude to female colleagues, and their vilification of some of our greatest scientists like Christiana make them unsuitable to practice medicine here. But you were an exception. You showed none of these proclivities except for the annoying habit of thinking you're God's gift to women. That's something I can live with. But these charges against you are something I can't live with. So unless Christiana can produce a rabbit out of her hat, I'm going to have fire you." She turned to Christiana. "Okay. So let's hear about this deal of yours?"
"I've talked this over with Dickey and although he's not happy about it, he is willing to do whatever it takes to keep his medical license."
"No compromises here, Christiana," Estelle said firmly. "Either he goes or we withdraw our funding."
"Do you speak for your friends too?"
"She speaks for all of us," Grace said.
Christiana rose up from her chair and stood before Estelle and her friends, her feet planted firmly in front of her as she addressed them. "Can I assume that if Dickey was to obtain a pardon here that you would pursue the matter in criminal court?"
"You can count on it," Estelle replied.
"That's what I thought. Well, then, you leave me no other choice." She removed a small black book from her purse and began to read from it. "'In regards to all disputes within the Sisterhood and its membership, the right to invokeétat de miséricordeshall not be denied. Any such invocation is to be held sacrosanct under Sisterhood bylaws and adjudicated by a majority vote of those presiding.'"
"I never heard of such a law!" Lily snarled. "You made that up!"
"No, she didn't," Vivian said. "It's an old law but it's still part of our charter."
"Is that true, Estelle?" Lily asked.
"Unfortunately," Estelle replied gloomily.
"I don't understand," Melody said to Christiana. "What exactly does thisétat de miséricordemean?"
"Taken word for word it means 'state of mercy'. It could be invoked at any time to either ameliorate a prescribed punishment or exonerate someone from a crime."
"If you think that little law is going to help exonerate him you're out of your mind," Estelle said to Christiana.
The beautiful blonde doctor shook her head and then looked Estelle right in the eye. "Oh, I knew you'd never forgive him. But you might show him some mercy."
"Mercy? Is that what this is all about?"
"Yes."
"And what makes you think I'm going to show that miscreant any mercy?"
Christiana looked at Dickey. "Are you sure you want to go through with this?"
He nodded. "I don't see any other way out of it. Go ahead. Tell her."
"Tell me what?" Estelle asked Christiana. "What the hell is he talking about?"
"Dickey has offered to act as your personal slave for a period of one month."
Estelle's jaw dropped. "My personal slave?"
"Your personal slave. He will do whatever you command without complaint and his obedience to you will be absolute. Not only that, he'll have to obey the commands of all of our Sisters. But you will be his mistress and his first obligation will be to you."
Estelle thought this over for a moment and then laughed. "And who thought of this crazy idea?"
"I did."
"You, Christiana? You're willing to put this man at my disposal? To do with him as I please, any time I please?"
"I only made the suggestion. He was the one who agreed to the terms."
"My personal slave." Estelle let the words roll around in her mouth, savoring their taste. "An interesting idea." She looked at Dickey. "You must really be desperate to go this far."
"The thought of being your bootlicker doesn't appeal to me in the least," he replied. "But the thought of never being able to practice medicine again is even worse."
"I'm sure it is." She turned to Lily. "What do you think?"
"I don't know," Lily replied. "It might be fun to kick his ass around for a while. Teach him a lesson."
"And what about you?" Estelle asked Grace.
"I'd enjoy busting his balls," Grace chuckled.
"And you, Addison?"
The red-haired, green-eyed beauty stole a peek at Dickey and smiled. "If he wasn't so fucking handsome I'd say throw him to the dogs. But it's too good to pass up. I say let's go for it."
"You should know," Vivian said to Estelle, "that any agreement reached here today is binding by Sisterhood law."
"And what if I say no to this idea?"
"The tribunal will abide with any decision you make."
Estelle crossed her legs and looked at Christiana inquisitively. "Why are you so interested in saving this man's ass? After all, he abused you and your colleagues too. Why fight for him?"
"Normally I wouldn't," Christiana replied. "But as Vivian pointed out, he possesses certain qualities that make him exceptional. That's why he was chosen to be a sperm donor in the first place."
"I think we should take Christiana up on her offer," Grace said to Estelle. "Having him under our thumb for a month should be quite entertaining, and it will teach the son of a bitch some respect."
"I agree," Lily said.
"Me too," Addison added.
"Then we have a deal?" Christiana asked Estelle.
"There's just one thing," she replied. "I know that Fallon obtained a substantial amount of semen from him the other day. But some of my associates have indicated that they might prefer a more traditional method to getting pregnant."
"What are you getting at, Estelle?" Fallon asked.
"I would think it's obvious, Fallon," she replied. "They want to fuck him!"
"Now wait a minute," Vivian said. "In vitro fertilization is the only method we use in this hospital. Sexual intercourse is out of the question."
"Then you'd better bend the rules a little bit because there are several hundred women who want to physically get their hands on Dickey's dick and they are not going to take no for an answer."
Suddenly everyone was talking at once. Sheila, upset that Estelle was taking advantage of the situation, pointed her finger at the wealthy aristocrat and grimaced.
"This is a hospital, Estelle," she said, "not a damn brothel!"
"It is whatever we say it is!" Estelle shot back. "This hospital owes its existence to the continuing philanthropy of the Rubinstein Foundation and to magnanimity of hundreds of other charitable groups. It's a very small price to pay for this man to continue practicing medicine."
Sheila looked helplessly at Christiana and then at Vivian. "I'm against the idea. But if it means Dickey won't lose his license..."
"He won't," Estelle said. "As long as you and he comply with our wishes."
"Is there anything else?" Christiana asked her.
"Yes. One more thing. Many of the women who have expressed their desire to copulate with him want to see what he can do."
"What he can do?"
"Yes. They would like to see him perform under the influence of your EJAX drug. Think of it as a kind of 'try before you buy' kind of thing. You can arrange that can't you?"
"You saw what happened. Won't they take your word for it?"
"No, they won't. They want to see it for themselves. Some of them like Lily, Grace, and Addison don't really believe a man can ejaculate forty feet, much less sport a sixteen-inch erection. I can scarcely believe it myself and I was there."
"We need to see it, Christiana," Lily said. "It's the only way this deal is going to go through."
Christiana looked at Dickey. He sat there with a sour expression on his face, not happy with the thought that he would have to be at the mercy of Estelle and her other snobbish friends for an entire month.
"All right," Christiana said, resignedly. "We can schedule a demonstration in a few days."
"Not in a few days," Estelle said. "Now!"
"Oh, come on, Estelle! Now you're pushing it!"
"I told you she was taking advantage!" Sheila exclaimed.
"It's either now or the deal is off!" Estelle said emphatically.
"I would agree to her terms, Christiana," Fallon urged. "She has us over a barrel and she knows it."
Christiana turned to Vivian. "What do you think?"
"I think Fallon is right. When you invoked the 'state of mercy' you put yourself in the position of a supplicant. Surely you knew that."
"I did."
"Then you must accept the consequences. So far their terms are not entirely unreasonable."
"It's okay, Christiana," Dickey said. "I knew what I was getting into. Give me the shot."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, I'm sure."
She looked at Estelle. "Do we have a deal?"
"If he performs to our satisfaction, yes, we have a deal. But if he thinks this is going to be some kind of joy ride..."
"I would never use the word 'joy' when thinking of you," Dickey said to Estelle.
Estelle glared at him for a moment and then her facial muscles suddenly relaxed and she actually forced a smile. "You know if it wasn't for the fact that you are so infuriatingly handsome, I'd have you thrown out on the street."
"Enough!" Vivian said. "The 'state of mercy' has been invoked as in now in effect. It will continue to be in effect contingent upon whether or not Dickey's sexual performance satisfies the expectations of Estelle and our other Sisters." She turned to Christiana. "Are you prepared to inject him with the EJAX drug?"
"I am."
"What about you, Dickey? Are you ready?"
He laughed sardonically. "I feel like a lamb being led to the slaughter."
"That's because you are," Addison said.
"I suggest to that we conduct this test in Med-Lab A," Vivian told Juanita. "Please get Annie, Ginny, and Eva up here. Since we're going to be forcing ejaculations we might as well get another good sperm sample from him." She looked at Fallon. "What do you think? Could we use a little more?"
"Fine with me, Vivian," Fallon replied. "It's always good to have extra sperm on hand."
"Well! This should be interesting! I've never seen EJAX-472 at work. Ladies, Dickey--if you'll follow me."
She got up from her seat and led the group of women down the long corridor to Med-Lab A.
Dickey felt no joy as he followed dutifully behind the others, feeling as if he were playing the part of a sacrificial animal in some ancient tribal rite. Even now he couldn't come to terms with his predicament. He knew Christiana's idea was his only way out, but to submit himself to the will of Estelle and her friends made him sick. If he was a submissive man with masochistic tendencies, he might not have felt so appalled at becoming her slave. But he was none of those things, and it was a great blow to his pride to have to accept the fact that for the next month Estelle and her Sisterhood bitches were going to keep him on a short leash.
As they entered Med-Lab A, his heart sunk. Only several days ago he had been in this very room surrounded by hundreds of women, forced to ejaculate over and over again for their amusement while under the influence of the potent EJAX-472 drug. And now he was going to have to repeat the process in front the hospital CEO herself and her heads of staff, none of whom, apparently, had ever witnessed an EJAX-induced ejaculation. But what was even worse was to have to lower himself before Estelle and her three harpies, all of whom seemed most eager to pass judgment upon his sexual prowess.
At Vivian's command he began to remove his clothes, and although she and the other four women of the tribunal tittered nervously as parts of his beautiful, muscular physique was revealed to them, he wasn't prepared for the lascivious looks he got from Estelle and her friends. In their leering faces he saw the smug satisfaction of knowing that they now were his mistresses, and that they would exact whatever remnants of his self-esteem that was left to him; these hellish Sisters from some clandestine organization he had never heard of; beautiful, wealthy, and powerful women who were accustomed to getting whatever they wanted.
Annie, Ginny, and Eva suddenly appeared at the door and said a few words to Fallon and Vivian. In Annie's hand was a small metal box which she handed to Christiana. Christiana took the box and laid it on the table and opened it, inspecting its contents.
"Everything seems to be in order," she said to Sheila as she removed a syringe and began to fill it with the EJAX serum.
"Oh, no!" Dickey exclaimed when he saw the syringe. "Here we go again!"
"Just shut up, Dickey, and take off your briefs," Estelle said. "My friends want to see your equipment."
"I'll bet they do," he replied under his breath.
"What was that?"
"Nothing. I was just talking to myself."
Christiana, Sheila, and the three nurses stood around him waiting for him to remove his underwear while everyone else took seats in the front row. When his briefs came off everyone's face lit up.
"That's a nice cock you have there, Dickey," Lily said appreciatively.
"I'll bet it's a lot nicer when it's erect," Grace observed.
"A lot nicer," Addison added.
"I'm glad you approve," he told them.
"Well, don't just stand there," Estelle said to him. "Start jerking that thing off!"
He looked at Christiana questioningly. "I thought you were going to inject me..."
"No!" Estelle exclaimed. "I want my friends to see what your cock looks like before she injects you with that drug. And then we want to watch you cum."
"Why?" Christiana asked her. "What's the point?"
"The point is...some of us may not want to be fucked with his monster penis."
"You're still talking eight inches when erect under normal conditions."
"Eight inches is a lot easier to handle than sixteen."
"Okay, Estelle. Have it your way."
"I usually do," she replied insouciantly.
Dickey began to fondle his cock as they looked on, but he was having a hard time getting erect.
"What's wrong?" Fallon asked him.
"I don't know," he replied. "I guess I'm a little nervous."
"Nervous?" Grace laughed. "You better not be nervous! We want to see you shoot your load! Keep stroking!"
"Barking orders at him isn't going to help," Francesca said to Grace. "He needs a little help."
"Francesca's right," Amalda said, looking at Annie. "You and Ginny put on some lube and give him a hand. Eva, you get ready with the beaker."
The three nurses did as they were told and within a short time Annie and Ginny managed to masturbate him to full erection. Dickey felt helpless and humiliated; just as helpless and humiliated when he had stood in the same place a few days earlier after being brought to a full state of arousal by the same girls jerking him off now. But now things were different. He didn't need to be strapped into a gurney with his arms and legs restrained because he was locked steadfast into a different kind of trap; one in which escape was impossible--at least for a month. He was their boy-toy, their little play doll; and he would have to obey them or lose his job.
The two nurses, once his prick had been brought to its full eight-inch height, withdrew their greasy hands and stood back to admire their handiwork. It stood stiff and straight, as tall and imposing as a pine tree, its skin glistening with lube in the brightness of the florescent lights.
"Now that is a fine specimen!" Addison exclaimed as her eyes took in the delectable sight of his attractive and powerfully built penis. "I'm getting horny just looking at it."
"I love a big fuck stick," Lily giggled. "Look at the way it bobs back and forth! Oh, God! I could just suck it!"
Eva, who was standing just behind Dickey holding the beaker in her hands, took a step forward and looked at Christiana. "I'm ready, doctor."
"Wait a minute!" Grace said to the woman. "You can get the sperm sample later. First we want to see him cum."
Eva turned to Christiana. "Doctor?"
"Do as she says," Christiana replied.
The nurse resumed her former stance as Christiana directed Annie and Ginny to finish him off.
"Hold on, Christiana," Estelle said. "Lily and Addison want to jerk him off."
"We want to do it," Addison laughed softly. "Grace and Estelle just want to watch."
Christiana stepped aside as the two women took up positions on either side of Dickey.
"We're going to jerk this big thing off until you shoot your fucking load all over the room!" Lily told him as she put a big dollop of lube in her hand and then did the same for Addison. "And you better not disappoint us you little fuck. We want to see a really big load of cum."
The two women briskly rubbed the lube into their palms and then grasped his shaft: Lily's hand on top; Addison's on the bottom. Dickey gasped with pleasure as their long, aristocratic fingers firmly tugged away on his prick, sending delightful thrills up and down his spine. He wisely kept his hands locked behind his back as they stroked him, afraid that any untoward movement might be mistaken for a break of etiquette.
"Didn't I tell you he had a nice cock?" Estelle said to her friends as they masturbated him.
"You didn't do it justice," Estelle," Lily replied. "Now this is something I would love to see drilling into my pussy!"
"Or your mouth!" Addison laughed.
As they masturbated him, the two women would look up periodically to gauge his reactions. Dickey was careful not to say too much for fear of uttering something that might offend them. He knew that, if provoked, either woman was capable of inflicting pain on his exposed genitals, and that was something he wished to avoid at all costs. He watched in silence as their hands glided up and down his meaty shaft, desirous to remove the sperm from his balls.
"I think I see a little bit of pre-cum!" Lily noted with delight.
"Oh, wow! You're right!" Addison said, touching the index finger of her right hand to the tip of his prick.
"And look at those balls!" Grace laughed. "I'll bet their full to bursting!"
"Oh, they're going to burst all right!" Melody said. "If I know Dickey, he's going to blow a huge load for us."
Christiana, Sheila, and the three nurses moved off to one side to watch Lily and Addison deliver the final strokes to Dickey's prick, which was now only moments away from relinquishing its heavy load. Vivian and the other members of her staff sat back and watched the spectacle with a detached curiosity, amused at the energetic efforts of Lily and Addison and sexually stimulated by the sight of the incredibly handsome man surrendering himself to the expert manipulations of the two lovely women.
"I think I should warn you," Fallon said to Vivian and the other women, "that he tends to shoot pretty far. You might want to move off to the left and right a little bit or you might get splashed."
Nancy thought this was funny. "He's ten feet away from us, Fallon. He's not going to reach us."
"I'm telling you..."
"He's not on the drug yet," Amalda said. "So, what are you worrying about?"
"I saw him cum--when he wasn't on the drug. And he shot a huge wad halfway across the god-damn room!"
Vivian laughed. "You must be mistaken, Fallon."
"I'm telling you what I saw. The guy's a natural shooter!"
"Is that right, Dickey?" Francesca asked him, not believing a word of it. "Are you going to shoot us with your cum now?"
"Maybe," he replied, his breaths coming in short gasps as Lily and Addison pulled on him viciously, hand over fist.
"Well, we want to see it!" Vivian exclaimed. "Shoot us with your spunk, Dickey--if you can!"
All eyes were focused on him now--or to put it more specifically--on his cock. He could feel the sperm gathering at the base of his prick, marshalling their forces for a full-scale attack. Pre-cum was leaking out of his urethra in copious streams of clear liquid, mixing in with the lube to provide a finishing gloss to the towering shaft of flesh now on the brink of losing its vital juices.
"I can tell this big dick is going to erupt any second now!" Lily squealed, stroking his cock with all her might. "Come on, Dickey! Give it up! Give it up!"
He was too overcome with pleasure to speak. All he could do was watch as his prick and balls surrendered to the talented dominatrices, both of them determined to milk him dry.
"He's going to come any second now!" Melody exclaimed. "Look! Look at his balls!"
"This is so much fun!" Estelle laughed gaily. "I'm so glad I decided to make him our slave!"
Dickey heard the words but their ominous import barely registered in his conscious mind. All he could think of was the absolutely delicious feeling that was now manifesting itself in his swollen nuts. He was getting ready to cum.
"There go his balls!" Melody cried.
The women watched in fascination as his two plum-sized testicles swelled and then rose up to cling to the base of his shaft.
"I can feel it!" Lily exclaimed. "I can actually feel the jizz rising in his shaft!"
At that exact moment the doors to the lab flew open and dozens of eighteen-to- nineteen-year-old women came running down the aisles towards Dickey. The girls, at first unaware that the room was occupied, halted halfway down the aisle and stood transfixed at the sight of the naked man and his all-female audience. Lily and Addison abruptly ceased masturbating him, causing Dickey to groan in discomfort as his prick rocked back and forth in the air unaided.
"What the hell is this?" Vivian demanded of the girls as she rose to her feet. "Who are you people?"
"We're the pre-med students from Harvard and MIT," a cute red-haired girl answered. "We were told to go the med-lab and wait for Dr. Ambrose."
"Doctor Ambrose is out sick and won't be back here until sometime next week. Weren't you informed?"
"No," the girl replied, her eyes focused on Dickey's erection. "There must have been a slip-up."
"Well, I'm sorry. You'll have to make arrangements with Dr. Ambrose when she returns. Now if you don't mind, this is a private..."
"Wait a minute, Vivian," Estelle said. "The girls came to learn. Let them learn."
"What are you talking about?"
"I want them to sit down and watch."
"We can't allow that," Fallon said. "They're not part of the Sisterhood."
"It doesn't matter. If it causes Dickey to be further humiliated, I'm all for it."
"Now, Estelle..."
"I demand they stay and watch," Estelle replied, adamantly. She looked at Christiana. "You all know I'm within my rights."
"There's nothing we can do, Vivian," Christiana said. "I suggest we let her have her way."
"Wise choice," Estelle replied. She turned to the girls waiting in the aisle. "Today we're testing a new male fertility drug. Would you girls like to take a seat and watch?"
"We'd love to!" a pretty blonde girl replied.
The other girls, thrilled to see the strikingly handsome man get masturbated, rushed to take their seats behind Vivian and her staff. They spoke to each other in hushed, excited voices, totally infatuated with the adorable man.
"You're very handsome," one of the pre-med students said to him.
"And your penis is really cute too," another observed with a loud giggle.
"Okay, girls," Fallon said. "Please be quiet and let us continue with the experiment."
Dickey couldn't have felt more mortified. Seeing these young girls--teenagers no less--sitting not more than ten feet in front of him as his naked body was on full display unnerved him in ways that being naked in front of more mature women could never do. There had to be at least fifty of these young students, all of them now staring at his body, and the stiff penis that was now on the verge of spitting out its contents on the floor in front of them. And now, as Lily and Addison resumed milking him, his humiliation seemed even less deserved as he stole a hateful glance at Estelle.
She's enjoying this, he thought.The fucking bitch is getting off by ridiculing him!
And as Estelle began to become more and more amused by the fact that dozens of strange girls were now laughing at his discomfort, she began to laugh along with them, her beautiful face contorted with delirious joy.
"Pump that big dick!" she ordered her two friends as their hands raced up and down his slick pole with great speed. "Pump it hard and make it cum!"
The students, caught up in the lustful, perverse spectacle, began to hurl vulgar comments at Dickey. He quickly realized that it wasn't only their voices that were urging him to cum; it was the voices of Vivian and her staff too; women whom he would have never suspected of acting in ways contrary to their demure professionalism. Yet here they were, making penis jokes and ridiculing him in every imaginable way.
"Shoot that fucking cream!" Francesca screamed at him.
"Yeah!" said one of the students sitting behind her. "Let's see how much fucking cream you've got in those balls baby!"
Lily and Addison's hands were a blur as they worked to bring him off.
"You fucking bastard!" Lily said to him. "Look at you! Naked as a fucking jaybird! You, a doctor! Ha! Ha! What a joke you are! What a fucking joke you are, Dr. Dickey!"
Addison reached down with one hand and fondled his ball sac. "I think this asshole is going to cum, Lily! How fucking shameful is that? He's going to cum in front of all these women. What a fucking pig! What a degenerate!"
Dickey felt his balls convulse and he knew he couldn't hold on any longer.
"I'm...I'm going to fucking...cum!" he screamed suddenly.
"You'd better cum, you son of a bitch, after all our hard work" Lily cried.
Suddenly he threw his entire body forward as the crowd watched and waited.
His legs quivered and shook as the women's hands both grasped the base of his shaft and held them there, unmoving.
A long jet of milky-white spunk shot up high into the air and over the heads of Vivian, her staff, and the students sitting behind them. The girls screamed with delight as they watched the sperm splash into the seats a few rows behind them, leaving them essentially unscathed.
"Wow!" one of them cried. "That was fucking great!"
Dickey groaned and let go with another remarkable load that flew out straight into the astonished faces of his audience; a glob of ejaculate actually landing in the hair of some eighteen-year-old brunette sitting right behind Melody.
"It's in my hair!" the girl screamed as her friends laughed hysterically.
Estelle and Grace watched with delight as Lily and Addison milked one hot wad of jizz out of Dickey's cock after the other. One jet of cum hit Vivian's shoe, while another stuck Juanita on the leg. One particularly robust explosion resulted in a tiny red-haired med student getting blasted in the face; the sperm dripping down from her forehead to her chin. The crowd erupted with gales of laughter.
"I can only imagine how they're going to react once we give him the drug," Sheila said to Christiana.
The two women were still hard at work jerking off Dickey's dong, but his output was gradually declining with each ejaculation. After pulling out a few more weak spurts his cock gave up the ghost entirely, his final ejaculation landing on Lily's left foot.
"I should make you lick it off," she told him as she reached for a towel.
Dickey's performance was greeted by a round of enthusiastic applause, but knowing that he was soon to undergo a far more humiliating experience left him feeling rather indifferent to their praise. He took a seat and slaked his thirst with a glass of water, smiling vacantly at the rows of strange women cheering wildly in front of him.
Lily and Addison, after having cleaned up whatever sperm had landed on their hands and clothes, returned to their seats next to Estelle and Grace. Estelle complimented them on their masterful skill in bringing Dickey to orgasm and the two women graciously accepted her praise.
"I can't wait to see what that EJAX drug is going to do to him," Addison said to Estelle. "I'll bet he blows up like a balloon."
"That's not far from the truth," Estelle replied.
"Well, all I can say is...that was a lot of fun!" Lily said. "And having all those girls show up from out of nowhere. That was a bonus!"
"I could tell it made him very uncomfortable," Grace noted.
Estelle laughed. "Good! The more we can make him feel like shit, the happier I am!"
Christiana let Dickey relax for a few minutes while she spoke to the audience, telling the newcomers exactly what was going on.
"So, this drug," one of the students began, "is really that powerful?"
"Yes, it is," Christiana replied. "I'll be administering the shot myself."
"And the drug will allow him to ejaculate much farther?"
"It certainly will. If you think ten feet is far, wait until you see him shoot one clear across the room."
"I don't believe that!" another girl said.
Christiana smiled. "You'll see." She turned to Dickey. "I think it's time."
He shook his head and frowned. "I know I have no choice in the matter, but I dread going through this again."
"I'm sorry, Dickey. But I told you what to expect. I was honest with you."
"I know you were. I suppose I should be grateful that Estelle didn't turn your offer down flat. If she did, I'd be standing in the unemployment line right now."
She took the syringe and told him to stand up. "I'm going to inject you with 2 ccs of the serum--the same as before. In two hours or so the drug will have worked its way out of your system and your genitals will return to normal size."
"I wish there was another way," he replied despondently.
"I wish there was too, but there isn't. Now hold still."
Annie handed her a cotton swab dipped in alcohol which she used to smear over his scrotum. She then stuck the needle gently into his testicles until the last drop of serum disappeared.
"It will take about fifteen to twenty minutes for the serum to become active," she told him. "Just remember. The 'state of mercy' invocation will not be enacted unless you can impress Estelle and her friends. So do your best."
"I'll try."
While waiting for the drug to take effect, Dickey put on his briefs and walked over to where the students were sitting. The girls were thrilled to meet him, and many of them were captivated by his movie-star looks. They crowded around him, eager to get as close to him as possible.
"Does your penis really grow twice its size?" a girl asked him.
"I know it sounds crazy, but it does. And my testicles really swell up too."
"How big do they get?" another girl wanted to know.
"About the size of a small melon."
"No!"
"Yes!"
"I'll believe it when I see it."
You won't have to wait long. Even now I can feel the drug working. Pretty soon my entire genital area is going to undergo a massive transformation."
He spent the next ten minutes explaining to them the genetic structure of the EJAX drug, which he had learned from Christiana. He told them how the actual physical structure of the chromosomal markers was temporarily mutated to force the testes to produce more sperm, and how the cellular structure of the penis was altered to provide more elasticity to the cellular wall, allowing the shaft to expand far beyond its normal capacity.
"So, the effect is only temporary?" the red-haired girl asked him.
"Yes. In a few hours the effect wears off and the genitals return to their normal size. You have to see it. It's quite amazing."
"Why are you doing this?" another girl asked him.
"It's a long story and one I'm not at liberty to divulge."
"I'd be really ashamed to have strangers watching me perform such a private act. Doesn't that bother you?"
"What do you think?" he scoffed. "I'm a fucking doctor with a reputation to protect. But that doesn't mean shit to some people." He said it just loud enough for Estelle to hear, and he turned his head just in time to catch her frowning at him.
"She's doesn't like you very much," the girl said.
"I don't like her much either."
He talked with them for a few more minutes until he began to feel his cock start to expand within his briefs. "Oh shit! It's starting to happen!"
As the students watched spellbound, his cock began to grow until the glans was now peeking out from behind the top of his briefs. He quickly removed his underwear and cast it aside as his scrotum began to swell, causing the girls to cry out in amazement at the wondrous transformation.
"Look how big it's getting!" one girl exclaimed. "Can you believe this?"
"I told you!" Dickey said, watching as his quickly expanding cock and balls reached ever greater proportions.
Within minutes his prick had grown until it was once again at its former sixteen-inch glory. His balls were now hanging down low in his sac. The size of two small casaba melons, they were quickly filling with sperm, replicating at a rate that would soon have him decorating the room with his seed.
The students reacted with cries of awe and joy. The sudden transformation of his genitals had seemed to them almost magical, elevating him in their sight to the status of a superhero. They reached out their hands to touch his newly transformed prick and caressed his humongous testicles as if they were some precious artifacts to be treated with reverence. For a brief moment, Dickey reveled in their adulation, almost forgetting the fact that he was nothing more than a lowly pawn in a game over which he had no control.
"Okay, that's enough!" Estelle exclaimed, her words bringing him back to reality. "Get your ass over here, Dickey, and let's see what that worthless cock of yours can do!"
Feeling like a little boy who has just been reprimanded by a superior, Dickey walked back onto the platform and awaited Christiana's instructions. He gave Estelle and her friends a furtive glance and stood before his captive audience like a beautiful statue on display, his sixteen-inch penis jutting out from his midsection like a drawbridge.
"No sperm sample until he's shot off," Estelle told Christiana. "I want my friends to see just how far this guy can ejaculate."
Christiana nodded and offered a cursory warning to the students to move away from the center seats for fear of getting hit with Dickey's sperm. A few girls did as she asked but most of them, still entirely skeptical, refused to budge.
"You should listen to Dr. Swensen," Sheila told them.
But the recalcitrant girls just laughed and paid her no heed.
"Fine!" Sheila said. "Don't say I didn't warn you!"
Dickey was beginning to feel the overpowering need to masturbate. He looked down at his oversized balls and could actually see them spasm under the inexorable influence of the drug. The students giggled at the sight of this unusual but rather humorous condition.
"It looks like a water balloon!" one girl exclaimed.
"I don't think there's any water in there!" another observed.
"No," another laughed, "but I'll bet there's a lot of sperm!"
Christiana turned to face the student who had made the last comment. "His testes are producing sperm at a rate almost 1,000 percent greater than normal. That's why I told you to move away from the center seats. In a few more minutes you girls are going to get drenched."
"Like I really believe that!" the insouciant student replied.
"Believe what you want. I'm telling you the truth."
But the girl and her friends simply laughed it off as just so much silliness. After all, how could a man ejaculate ten or more feet? Unheard of!
"I have to jerk off," Dickey said to Christiana as his hand grasped his prick. "I can't help myself."
"Then go ahead and do it," she replied.
"Yeah!" Addison said to him. "Jerk that fucking sausage off so we can see if your worthy of being our slave!"
Estelle and her friends laughed at her comment and began hurling vulgar and insulting epithets at him. Soon the pre-med students also began to taunt and tease him, but in a less vulgar fashion. Vivian and her staff simply sat in their seats totally engrossed in watching Dickey's hand fly up and down his huge prick, pausing every now and then to give a few tugs to his balls. Christiana, Sheila, and the three nurses stood on either side of him, waiting patiently for him to erupt.
"I've never felt so humiliated in my life," he managed to say as the pre-cum dripped out of his urethra and onto his fingers. "Look at me! I'm a fucking freak!"
"It's too late for that, Dickey," Estelle said. "You put yourself in this position. You can't blame it on anyone else."
"Don't you think I know that you stup...?"
Here he halted, fearful of completing the sentence lest the arrogant bitch take offense and inflict some harsher punishment upon him.
"I'm glad to see you have the good sense to not utter everything you're thinking," she told him. "Otherwise, you could face some difficult times ahead."
He continued to masturbate himself even as he cursed her under his breath. Not even the vilest words uttered by the beautiful heiress and her privileged elite cronies could stay his hand now. The drug was compelling him to cum, and cum he was about to do.
"I'm getting close," he alerted the audience. "Real close."
"Stop talking and let go of that cum!" Lily demanded.
"Yeah!" one of the students exclaimed. "See if you can reach us with your sperm, Dickey!"
The girl stood up, turned around, and shook her ass at him. The other girls broke out laughing.
The urge to cum was now uncontrollable. As the semen boiled within his balls he felt the concomitant pressure increase, forcing the white fluid into his urethra where it was now fighting to work its way to the surface. He was pulling on his organ like a madman now, working to expel the creamy spunk from his heaving testicles.
"Have you any idea how foolish you must appear to all of us?" Grace said to him. "Don't you have any fucking self-respect at all?"
"Don't listen to her, Dickey," Vivian said. "She's just trying to rattle your cage."
"That's okay...Vivian," he replied between breaths. "If she keeps it up, I'll...I'll shoot my cum all over her."
"And that will be the last hope for saving your fucking career!" she retorted.
"At this point...it might be worth it--just to shut you up."
"Did you hear that?" she exclaimed to her friends. "Did you hear this asshole?"
"Keep that big fucking wand of yours pointed straight ahead at all times, Dickhead!" Estelle said threateningly. "If I see even one drop of your filthy sludge heading in our direction the deal is off."
But Dickey barely heard her, or even cared. His dick was now on the verge of blowing its wad.
"Here it comes!" he screamed. "Oh fuck!"
With one final and powerful stroke he sent his hot, sticky pecker paste hurtling through the air. The eruption was so energetic that it flew over the astonished faces of the students and then onward toward the front entrance where it struck the exit sign above the door. The remainder of the ejaculate splashed onto the floor in front of his colleagues; a huge wash of gooey whiteness that looked as if someone had tipped over a tub full of foaming, sudsy water.
"Holy fuck!" one student cried, as she looked down at the pool of sperm on the floor. "I don't fucking believe it!"
The other students were struck with awe at the spectacle, which soon turned to a screaming round of applause.
"Excellent doctor!" a pretty blonde girl exclaimed, clapping her hands wildly. "That was fucking excellent!"
Vivian and her staff were no less shocked by the enormous ejaculation, laughing and cheering along with the rest of the audience. Even Estelle's friends were completely taken by surprise, and she reveled in the fact that she had proven herself right.
"I told you!" she said to them. "I told you he could do it!"
And to further substantiate her claim, Dickey's prick fired off another monstrous salvo of hot white cream high up into the air. But the trajectory was off this time, resulting in a good portion of sperm colliding head on with the first row of students sitting in the middle seats. The girls, thinking they were safe, could barely get out of the way in time before several of them were inundated with his abundant juices; the sperm hitting them over various portions of their bodies at multiple angles.
"I just got a fucking facial!" the pretty blonde girl cried as she took her sleeve and tried to wipe the sperm from her face.
The other students screamed with laughter.
Dickey's hand was now dripping with sperm, and he used it as lubricant to force another giant wad into the air before the cheering and laughing crowd. Up it flew, far above their heads, where they watched it coast easily across the full length of the lab until it impacted upon a medical supply cabinet by the emergency exit door.
"That's it, Dickey!" Lily cried. "Keep it coming you fucking loser!"
"I want to see more!" Addison screamed at him. "More! More! More!"
The entire room was now in an uproar as his cum flew out of his cock in giant streams, soaking everything in its path. He could barely keep his balance as his legs shook beneath him under the influence of the insidious drug, and he had to lean on Annie and Ginny for support.
"I feel as if...as if...I'm shooting out...my entire...guts!" he exclaimed, barely able to breathe.
Yet his hand continued to pull out one major load of jizz after the other, much to the amazement and amusement of the audience.
"You fucking pig!" Grace shouted at him. "Look at what a mess you're making!"
"Pig! Pig! Pig!" Lily laughed.
Another huge wad of silky jizz shot up high into the air and landed straight in Juanita's lap. She was so busy laughing and talking with her colleagues that she hadn't seen the string of ejaculate coming her way until it was too late. She stifled a cry as she quickly removed a wad of tissue from her purse and attempted to blot the gelatinous mess from her skirt. Vivian and the others simply laughed.
"I don't think anywhere is safe!" Francesca exclaimed.
Dickey shot out another half dozen ropes of semen into the air before his balls were drained. To the resounding sound of the crowd's wild applause, the two nurses helped him into a chair and he was given some water to drink. Sweat was dripping from his forehead as he struggled to catch his breath.
"Are you okay?" Christiana asked him.
"Yeah," he replied. "I'm all right."
The students were the most vociferous in their praise of the handsome man. Even those who had been hit with his spunk had only good things to say about his spectacular performance.
"You were great, Dickey!" one of the students cried. "Really great!"
"Do it again!" another insisted.
But the greatest acclaim he could have received came from none other than Estelle herself, who sat there staring at his still dripping cock with a look of utter admiration.
"You did well, Dickey," she said in a stentorian voice. "My Sisters and I are pleased."
He was too out of breath to offer a reply but nodded his head to let her know he had heard her.
"I would have never believed it," Grace said to him. "You proved yourself to be a worthy servant."
Estelle looked at Christiana and said: "Consider the 'state of grace' to be in full effect. He will serve us for the next month at the end of which his obligation to us will have been fulfilled. You have your deal."
"Thank you," Christiana replied, smiling graciously.
Dickey smiled inwardly. He had won a major victory of sorts. As long as he could refrain from any act of disobedience for the next thirty days, he'd be safe.
"My colleagues and I are witness to the invocation," Vivian said to Estelle. "I will remind you that you shall, during the 'state of grace' period, cause Dickey to come to no physical harm due to harsh or cruel treatment. He is your slave to do with as you will but there are limits to maltreatment that must be adhered to. I suggest you acquaint yourself with the Sisterhood rule book on this matter before instituting any form of corporal punishment. Is that understood?"
"I understand, Vivian," Estelle replied with a conceited smugness. "I'll make sure that gorgeous body of his is not abused too much."
"See that you do. Otherwise, I'll bring this issue up with Sisterhood leader McKenzie."
At the mention of the legendary name of Holly McKenzie, Estelle's smug expression turned to one of fear. She knew that if she breached the boundaries of Sisterhood etiquette, Holly had the power to excommunicate her from the organization--and this was something she could not afford to risk; not for the sake of Dickey or any other man. On top of that, Christiana and Sheila were part of the upper echelons of the Sisterhood order and good friends with Holly. It would be folly therefore to even think about punishing Dickey beyond what was acceptable under Sisterhood law.
"Don't worry, Vivian," she assured the CEO. "I'll make sure everyone abides by the rules."
This seemed to satisfy Vivian, but Christiana wanted to address certain specifics. "I suppose you intend to go on using EJAX-472 on Dickey?" she asked Estelle.
"Of course," Estelle replied. "I thought I made that clear."
"I have no objection to you using the drug as long as you adhere to the prescribed dosage. And the drug is to be orally administered. Before you leave here today, I'll give you a one-month's supply."
"But I thought we could inject him..."
"No," she said flatly. "No injections. It's too dangerous in the hands of non-professionals. One incorrect dosage could land him in the hospital."
"But the pills are not as powerful as the serum."
"No, they're not. But I can't let you inject him. In addition to the risk involved, it would be breaking with Sisterhood protocol."
"And you don't want that," Fallon added.
Estelle was clearly disturbed by what she felt was a simple technical detail, but not being a doctor herself she had no way of knowing what risk--if there even was one--was involved. On the advice of her friends, she backed down and told Christiana that she would be satisfied with the oral medication.
"Will he still be able to perform like we just saw?" she asked Christiana.
"His ejaculations may be slightly less robust," Christiana replied. "But they'll be exemplary nonetheless."
Estelle looked at Dickey and smiled. "I guess we'll see. Won't we, Dickey?"
He regarded her with an indifference he usually reserved for those whom he held in the utmost contempt and said nothing.
"I think it's time we got that sperm sample," Fallon said to Christiana.
"Agreed." She turned to the three nurses. "Annie and Ginny--you two will masturbate him. Eva? Where is the beaker?"
"Right there on the table," Eva replied, pointing to the large, cylindrical, glass bottle.
"You will be in charge of collecting his sperm. Remember, his ejaculations will be very powerful, so you must hold the beaker tightly and at the proper inclination, otherwise this platform is going to get very messy very fast."
"I think I can manage it, doctor," she replied, taking the beaker in her hands.
"As long as you hold the beaker so that the head of his penis is aiming straight down toward the bottom you should be fine."
One of the students suddenly stood up and shouted at Christiana. "Can I help her hold the beaker? Please?"
"You're not a hospital employee," Christiana replied. "There is a certain risk involved."
"So, I get a little sperm on me. So what?"
Christiana looked at Vivian. "Is it okay with you?"
Vivian nodded. "There's no real danger. And if she doesn't mind getting soiled, I'd say let her do it."
"Yes!" the girl exclaimed.
"Well," Christiana said to her. "Come on up here and let's get started."
With the approbation of her comrades, the petite, brown-haired girl with the big smile ran up onto the platform and stood next to Eva, her face all aglow.
"What's your name?" Fallon asked her.
"Raylene," the girl replied.
"You heard what I told Eva just now?" Christiana asked her.
"Yeah. We have to hold the beaker so that his penis is pointing straight down into it."
"That's right. And don't deviate. That's goes for you too, Eva."
"Yes, doctor," Eva replied.
"All right then. Annie? Ginny? Get lubed up and let's get that sample. Eva? Raylene? Get on your knees in front of him and stand ready. Dickey? I don't think I have to remind you to let us know when you're about to orgasm."
Dickey smiled at her. "That won't be an issue."
"No. Of course not. Are you ready to begin?"
"Do I have a choice?"
Christiana laughed and patted him on his shoulder. "Just relax and let it all out."
"Oh, I'm sure he's going to have no problem doing that," Addison said, grinning from ear to ear.
Annie and Ginny applied generous amounts of lube to both their hands and then, standing on either side of him, they began to jerk him off. The students teased Raylene mercilessly as she and Eva kneeled in front of Dickey with their hands clutching the huge glass bottle.
"You'd better catch that cum load!" one girl exclaimed.
"You should deep throat that cock, Raylene!" said another.
"And swallow it all!" another cried.
The teasing comments kept coming as the two nurses fisted his gigantic cock. Even Estelle and her companions joined in on the name calling, referring to the young med student as nothing more than a 'perverse slut' and a 'ten-dollar hooker'. But the worst insults were reserved for Dickey himself, and the bulk of them came from the four nasty women who, for the next month, would act as his official tormentors.
"I can't believe how utterly ridiculous you look!" Estelle said to Dickey. "Don't you feel any shame at all?"
"He's a fucking pervert!" Lily exclaimed. "Shoot that fucking load you pervert!"
Addison was even more insulting. "You sick son of a bitch! Look at you with your gargantuan pecker sticking out like that for all the women to see! Shame on you!"
But it was Grace who delivered the final coup de grâce. "Dickey! You miserable excuse for a man! Wait until we get our hands on you! You're going to be sorry you ever crossed us, you fucking waste of life!"
Given the uproar, Dickey couldn't hear a word they shouted at him. But even if he had, it would have done nothing to deter the inevitable result now being brought to fruition by the powerful EJAX drug working within his reproductive system.
"I think your cock is even bigger than last time," Annie told him. "I can barely wrap my fingers around it!"
"It is bigger, Annie!" Ginny chuckled. "Look! I can only get my fingers halfway across!"
Dickey watched with delight as the two pretty nurses kept tugging away at him. Both women were in their early thirties and very pretty, which helped fuel his lust. What turned him on even more was that Annie was married with three young children. Of the two she had the more sexual experience, and it showed each time she tried a different hand movement or when she deftly played with his frenulum with her index finger. He had asked her once if her husband was aware of the fact that she gave her patients handjobs, and she replied that he was amenable to the practice as long as she did not engage in actual sexual intercourse. He didn't think he could be that accommodating had she been his wife.
"How is your husband, Annie?" he suddenly asked.
"What a question to ask, Dickey!" she exclaimed, not breaking her stride. "He's fine!"
"And the kids?"
She laughed aloud. "My kids? Why do you want to know that?"
"I'm curious, that's all. You have three girls, don't you?"
"Daisy and Phyllis, my five-year-old twins and Olivia. She just turned two."
"Oh yes! I remember you showing their pictures to everyone at last year's Christmas party. I remember them being very pretty--just like you."
"Thank you, Dickey. But you really should be concentrating on your orgasm now."
"Believe it or not, I am!" he assured her.
He wasn't lying. Some part of him enjoyed holding a mundane conversation with her as she masturbated him. He couldn't explain the kinky desire behind it, but for some reason the vision of a pretty girl casually jerking him off while holding a non-sexual conversation with him turned him on greatly. She never admitted it to him but he wondered if her husband had a kinky side just like she did. And maybe he looked forward to her sexy tales as they lay in bed at night with her revealing all the sordid details of bringing another man to orgasm.
"Do you bring your husband off like this?" he asked her.
"Sometimes," she said. "But he prefers blowjobs to handjobs."
"Do you like giving blowjobs?"
"I don't mind doing it because it makes him happy, but I refuse to swallow. Why are you asking me all these questions, Dickey? You're getting close to shooting off."
"And you're helping to get me there."
"Really?" Ginny asked him. "How can somebody's married life turn you on so much?"
"I don't know. I just think it's very kinky to talk about it while you girls are jerking me off."
"You're really strange, Dickey."
"He's a fucking pervert!" Lily shouted from her seat. "I've been saying it all along!"
"I hate to admit it, Dickey," Annie said, "but I think she's right."
"Oh, who gives a shit what she thinks!" he replied, feeling the sperm beginning its journey up through his huge shaft. "She can kiss my ass!"
"I heard that mother fucker!" Lily exclaimed.
Dickey didn't hear a word she said because he was now on the verge of orgasm.
"Oh, my God!" he cried. "I think this...is going...to be...a really...big one!"
Upon hearing this, the two nurses milked his cock hard, trying to provoke the biggest load possible. Christiana told Eva and Raylene to move the beaker into position so that they could catch his cum as it shot out of his prick.
"Remember what I told you?" she said to the nurse and the med student. "Keep the beaker in place all throughout his orgasm!" She then reminded Annie and Ginny of their duty. "And you two make sure to keep his cock pointed down into the beaker. And whatever you do--don't let go of his penis or we're going to be cleaning sperm off our clothes for a week."
"He's gonna cum!" Melody announced suddenly.
To the wild cheers of his colleagues, the four nasty rich bitches, and the fifty or so med students, Dickey's prick pulsed wildly in the nurses' hand and spit out a long thick jet of hot white cream right into the bottom of the beaker. The force of the blast was so robust that almost half of the ejaculate came flying right back out, shooting up into the air like a powerful geyser right before the startled faces of the three nurses and Raylene. They momentarily drew back, unprepared for the viciousness of the assault, but Annie and Ginny quickly resumed masturbating him while Eva and Raylene prepared themselves to capture the next load.
"Jesus Christ!" Raylene exclaimed, her hands shaking. "I think it hit the ceiling!"
"It did!" Melody cried, looking up in wonderment at the trail of spunk now dripping off the overhead lighting fixture.
Dickey looked down into the beaker and saw a half pint of his spunk floating on the bottom. It seemed impossible but it was true. And now he felt his balls convulse yet again; Annie & Ginny's hands pumping his shaft to provoke another climax.
"I'm gonna cum!" he roared.
The audience erupted with cries of laughter as his prick swelled and the crown of his penis turned a deep purple.
A massive wad of hot cream shot out with tremendous force, splashing against the walls of the cylinder and then down onto the bottom of the tube. Another volley quickly followed, this time the ejaculate ricocheting off the lip of the beaker and flying right back up into the air and into Dickey's face. The audience exploded with laughter as he recoiled from the unexpected baptism.
"Serves you right, you dickhead!" Estelle screamed joyously.
Even Christiana, who normally remained quite staid during these lurid performances, could not help but laugh at the sight of Dickey's sperm-coated face. She took a towel and helped him wipe the sperm off his face just as he was gripped with yet another powerful orgasm.
"Oh, God!" he cried, as his cock twitched violently in the nurses' hands.
A long stream of jizz shot out of his dick and into the beaker, stunning both Eva and Raylene by its abundance. This was followed by an unbroken succession of spurts that completely coated the entire circumference of the tube until the glass became opaque. Christiana thought she counted no less than thirty separate ejaculations; the first time such a thing had ever occurred.
"I'm seeing it," Sheila said to her friend, "but I don't believe it."
All Christiana could do was shake her head in wonder.
But the effect on the crowd was unmistakable. The students' reaction to Dickey's orgasm was one of total disbelief and amusement. They cheered him on each time another rope of cum sailed into the now half-filled beaker. And Vivian, Fallon, Melody, and the rest of the staff seemed to be one of mind with the students as they laughed and applauded his seemingly impossible feat. For their part, Estelle and her three friends laughed along too, but there was a definite demeaning quality to their frivolity; a darkness born of dislike and anticipatory retribution for the man who had insulted their dignity and caused them physical harm.
"Look at that," Estelle said to Lily and the others. "The son of a bitch will never be able to live it down."
"And we'll make sure he doesn't, won't we?" Lily snickered.
"I can't wait until we get him in our hands," Grace said. "Sisterhood rules or not, he's going to pay for what he did."
Lily agreed. "Big time!"
"Remember what Christiana said," Addison reminded them. "We have to be careful or we might get into big trouble with the Order."
Estelle nodded. "Yes, we have to be careful. But it's not Holly McKenzie that worries me so much. It's that other nutcase...what's her name...? The tall blonde who was once a spy for Interpol. You know who I mean."
"Are you talking about Angelique Anjou?" Addison asked.
"No! She's dead. She died years ago in that terrible accident with some piece of machinery."
"Do you mean Marge Davis?" Grace inquired.
"Marge Davis is a brunette."
"The only woman I know who ever worked for Interpol was Ariel Bishop," Lily said.
"That's her!" Estelle exclaimed. "That's the one!"
"She's really tall--over six feet. And she knows martial arts too."
"And she's killed a few people in her time," Estelle noted dourly. "Though I've heard through the grapevine that she's reformed."
"Reformed?"
"She doesn't kill anybody anymore, but she still kicks ass."
"Lovely!" Grace said. "I think you're right, Estelle. We have to be careful."
Just then Dickey let out a howl and the women watched with amusement as his huge dong reared back and spit out a monstrous wad of cum that flew straight into the beaker.
"That fucking bottle is almost three-quarters full!" Grace commented. "Can you believe that?"
"I'm getting used to it by now," Estelle grinned. "Can you imagine how our friends are going to react when they see this?"
"They're going to go crazy!" Addison chuckled. "We'll have to plan lots of house parties!"
"Don't worry, we will!" Estelle replied with a big smile.
Once again Dickey's cock exploded. But this time Raylene lost her balance, causing the sperm to fly right over her and Eva's head and out into the screaming audience, where the bulk of the ejaculate splashed into the hair and faces of Vivian, Fallon, and Melody. The sight of seeing three women simultaneously being hit with such a long and voluminous rope of spunk threw the room into an uproar.
"Raylene!" Christiana exclaimed. "Watch what you're doing!"
"I'm sorry, doctor," the girl apologized as strands of cum fell at her feet. "It's all this fucking jizz on the floor! I lost my footing!"
The crowd went wild with laughter as the three women jumped out of their seats at the same time, frantically searching for towels.
"God-damn it, Dickey!" Vivian roared, procuring a towel for herself and the other two women from a nearby medical cabinet. "I'll have to shampoo my hair after this!"
Fallon and Melody took the towels offered them and began to wipe the sperm from their faces and clothing.
"Good shot, Dickey!" Melody exclaimed.
"Next time try and keep it in the beaker!" Fallon added.
Dickey's cock shot off once again, sending a dozen thick ropes of hot, white pecker sauce into the beaker. He was completely spent now, his last energies directed at emptying his balls of all their cream. The two nurses weren't faring much better. Annie's arm was growing tired and she jerked him off without much enthusiasm. Ginny, too, was quickly wearing down, her hand simply resting on the base of his shaft. On the floor in front of them knelt Eva and Raylene, their knees resting in a massive puddle of sperm.
"I can't take it anymore!" Dickey cried as he collapsed onto the floor, his cock still shooting out weak streams of semen over his things and legs. "Somebody please! Give me some water!"
Sheila grabbed a bottle of water and gave it to him. He drank greedily, emptying the bottle in a matter of seconds.
"I feel like I've...I've just run...a marathon," he said, gasping for air.
"You just lie there and rest for a while," Christiana said to him.
"Is it over?"
"I think so. Your penis is beginning to go flaccid. Your balls are shrinking too."
He looked down at his genitals and smiled. "Thank God! I don't think I could have lasted much longer."
"You just had the single biggest orgasm we've ever seen," Sheila told him. "Look at the beaker. It's almost full."
Eva and Raylene held up the sperm-coated cylinder and carefully got up and put it on the table.
"I've never seen so much cum in my life!" Raylene noted with awe as she peered down into the beaker.
"That really was something, Dickey," Eva said. "It's no wonder your balls didn't fall off!"
He laughed. "That drug should be banned. I'll tell you that much."
The demonstration was over. Raylene returned to her friends and to a thunderous round of applause. Many of the students approached Dickey and congratulated him on a fine performance before leaving. Raylene even gave him a kiss.
"I really enjoyed watching you cum like that," she said candidly. "It really made me and my friends hot."
"I'm glad you enjoyed it," he replied. "I really didn't think I had it in me."
"Oh, you had it in you all right," she giggled. "I know. I saw it for myself!"
She gave him another kiss and then ran up the aisle to meet up with her friends.
"So, what happens to me now?" he asked Christiana and Sheila, who were standing over his still naked body.
"Maybe you should ask that of Estelle," Christiana replied. "Starting tomorrow you'll have to do as she tells you."
He looked at the arrogant aristocrat and frowned. "A whole entire month?"
"Those were the terms you agreed to I'm afraid."
"Don't worry, Dickey," Sheila said. "It might not be as bad as you think."
"I find that hard to believe, Sheila," he replied, bluntly.
Christiana handed him a towel. "Go get yourself cleaned up and meet us back at Vivian's office in a half hour. We're all going to meet to discuss your upcoming servitude."
"I can hardly wait," he scoffed.
The room was a mess. Vivian had ordered the nurses to clean up the puddles of sperm that littered the floor and walls, making sure to bring their attention to the exit sign, where a large, whitish mass of ball juice still clung. A half hour later Vivian and her staff, along with Estelle, her three friends, and a reluctant Dickey, met in her office to finalize his transition into the hands of the wealthy heiress.
"Before I begin," Vivian said, "I must say that the EJAX-472 drug is a true wonder--a scientific miracle. I would have never believed a man capable of such vibrant ejaculations. But what I saw today has made me a believer." She looked at Christiana. "Congratulations, doctor, on your achievement."
"Thank you, Vivian," Christiana replied.
"And now we come to the matter of your disposition," she said to Dickey. "You understand that you are to continue in servitude to Ms. Rubinstein for a period not exceeding thirty days, at the end of which time you will have fulfilled your responsibilities to her under Sisterhood law and will once again become a free man. If you in any way act disobediently or do or say anything that might be construed to be non-compliant to her wishes, the 'state of grace' period will be automatically nullified and the matter will then be referred to the criminal court system."
"That's giving her far too much latitude, don't you think?" he asked her. "After all, if I scratch my nose at the wrong time, she might view that as an offence."
"Remember this Dickey: She is honor-bound to act in accordance with Sisterhood rules. But if I were you, I recommend that you simply do as she commands."
"That doesn't sound very fair to me."
"The word of a Sister will always outweigh the word of a man. There's nothing I can do about that. Just do as you're told. Don't talk back or act insolently, or run off somewhere and try to hide. And whatever you do, never use vulgarity when addressing your superiors. That alone will cost you your career."
"I would listen to her if I were you, Dickey," Melody said. "I'd really like to see you continue in your medical practice here."
"Yes," Fallon agreed. "Everyone here would certainly miss you."
He smiled at the both of them. "Even though I acted like an idiot?"
"Oh, we've forgotten all about that, Dickey! You just do as Estelle tells you to and we'll see you back here in another month or so."
"Ifhe behaves himself," Estelle said. "And I'm betting he won't make it past the first week."
"That remains to be seen," Christiana said. "But I would not allow him to drink any alcoholic beverages while under your employ. You saw what it did to him the last time."
"You don't have to remind me, Christiana. I still have the welts to prove it."
"I told you I was sorry, Estelle," Dickey said. "What more do you want?"
"You'll find out soon enough," she replied ominously. "And don't ever address me by my first name. You will call me, and all my other friends, by our last names. But if you find our names too difficult to remember, you can simply use the word 'mistress'. That will do nicely."
"Or 'goddess,'" Addison said. "I always liked to be called that by my slaves."
Dickey looked at both women with disdain and shrugged. "Whatever."
"Now, Dickey, let's not get off on the wrong foot."
"I didn't say anything!" he exclaimed suddenly.
"It's your attitude. You must get used to your new situation. Now tell Estelle that you're sorry."
"Do I have to?"
"Yes, you have to. Remember what's at stake here. Now apologize!"
He turned to Estelle and, defying his own innate hatred of the woman, forced his mouth to form the words: "I'm sorry," he said.
"You're sorry, what?" she replied, impatiently.
"I'm sorry, mistress."
The words fell from his lips as if he were spitting up some vile potion, but he saw her frown quickly change to a satisfied, if not smug, smile and felt relieved.
"You see, Dickey?" Vivian said. "That wasn't so bad now, was it?"
He gave her a weak smile. "I assume I am to begin my period of servitude on Monday morning?"
"Monday morning at 9:00 a.m. Your workday will begin then and continue until 5:00 p.m. Weekends excluded. The hospital will regard this as a leave of absence with no pay."
"Anything else I should know?"
"One thing. I have arranged it with Melody to stop by Ms. Rubinstein's house a few times a week to check in on you--to make sure you are complying with the rules."
"It was my idea, Dickey," Melody said. "I thought you might like seeing a friendly face."
"But you'll also be under scrutiny too, Estelle," Vivian told her. "Just so you know."
"I promise to play by the rules, Vivian," Estelle assured her. "I told you that."
"See that you do. You may have the power to put this hospital out of business, but you're not more powerful than the Sisterhood. And you know how they hate being crossed."
Estelle thought of the blonde Amazon otherwise known as Ariel Bishop; the one-woman goon squad for the Sisterhood who took inordinate delight in bringing recalcitrant members to justice. The thought of such a thing happening to her filled her with terror. "I promise to keep my oath."
Vivian stood up. "If there's nothing more, I have a lot of work to do. Good-day ladies. Take care, Dickey, and remember what I told you."
With that she and the rest of her immediate staff left the room, with only Christiana, Sheila, and Melody remaining behind. Estelle and her friends said goodbye to the two doctors, ignoring Dickey completely. But when the four women got to the exit, Estelle suddenly turned around and looked Dickey in the eye.
"You're mine now," she said with all the venom she could muster.

************

It was with great foreboding that Dickey found himself at the outside gate to Estelle Rubinstein's estate in Boston's exclusive Back Bay district. It was now 8:50 a.m., a full ten minutes before his life as an indentured servant was to begin, and he was feeling a deep longing to be somewhere else; anyplace other than at the entrance to his enemy's camp. He purposely made sure to arrive early to avoid any issues with his new mistress.Mistress!The word itself represented an abnegation of everything he held dear. He had never been a man to submit to anyone, and he certainly was not masochistic. Yet he would be required to play those very roles now that he had agreed to bend his knee and worship the billionaire goddess.
Suddenly a young woman's face appeared on the screen above the remote camera that hung on the gate. "Yes?" she asked.
"I'm Richard Hatfield," Dickey answered. "Estelle...I mean, Ms. Rubinstein is expecting me."
"Come around the back and I'll let you in. The front entrance is reserved only for guests, not servants."
It was the first time in his life that he had been referred to as a servant--and by a servant herself no less. The idea of being regarded in such a lowly fashion made him cringe. Maybe Estelle was right. Maybe he wouldn't last a week.
He made his way down a long winding cement path to the rear of the house and found the door open with the same young woman waiting for him.
"Come in," she said as he entered. "You can put your coat and things in the mud room over there." She indicated a small windowless room adjacent to the room in which they were standing, which itself was nothing more than a small antechamber filled with boxes and other sundry items. He deposited his coat and hat on the table and walked out into the room to find her poking inside a closet.
"My name is Rosy," she said, her backside facing him. "I'm one of the maids here."
"I assumed as much from your uniform," he replied genially.
"Black and white isn't my thing," she said. "But the mistress insists on it. She's quite the traditionalist."
"Is that right?"
"Oh, you can bet on it. Everything has to be done by the book. And God forbid you're tardy! She hates that more than anything. But you seem like a responsible kind of guy. You did arrive here early and that's good."
Rosy took a few steps back and he saw that she was holding a mop and bucket in her hand. She handed him the mop and stepped back to look at him. "You are very handsome. Ms. Rubinstein was right about that."
"She told you I was handsome?"
"Well, she didn't tell me exactly. I heard her talking on the phone the other day with one of her friends and she mentioned your name. Actually, she said you wereincrediblyhandsome."
"I find that hard to believe."
"What? That you're handsome?"
"No; that she would say that about me."
"Why?"
"Let's just say that we're in a kind of adversarial relationship. I'm only here because I'll lose my job if I don't cater to her whims."
"Oh, I see. Well, I hope you don't mind catering because she has lots of whims. But don't worry. As long as you obey her, you'll have nothing to worry about."
She was an enchanting little creature he thought. She couldn't have been more than five feet tall but she had a very pretty face with long brown hair and expressive brown eyes that made him feel at ease. She took a few minutes to explain the layout of the house and what his duties were, handing him a piece of paper with his chores listed in the order in which they were to be performed on a daily basis.
"Your duties may change once in a while but the mistress will always let you know beforehand."
"You call her 'mistress'?" he asked, surprised.
"All the servants call her mistress, or Ms. Rubinstein."
"Yes, I found that out the other day."
"That's good. You must never call her by her first name. That would show lack of respect; a big no-no in this house."
"Do we lowly servants get lunch breaks?"
"Of course! We all do. See? It's written down at the bottom of your work schedule. One to two p.m. every day. Same as me."
"Oh, great! So, we can have lunch together!"
"We sure can!"
"And where do we take our lunch?"
"Right here in this room. On that little table over there. I hope you brought your lunch with you."
"No. I thought I'd go out and grab something."
"There aren't any food stores around here. This is the Back Bay. Rich people don't grab lunch like normal people do. But maybe I can share some of my lunch with you. Do you like meat loaf?"
"Yes, I do."
"Great! I'll be happy to share some with you."
"You're very kind."
She smiled at him and then led him through a maze of corridors until they arrived at a set of oak doors that opened up onto a magnificent ballroom with marble floors and rich crimson tapestry hanging from the walls.
"A ballroom?" he exclaimed. "It's beautiful! And so big!"
"The mistress entertains here quite a lot. She loves to dance."
He took a few steps onto the marble floor and performed an impromptu and ungainly pirouette, using the mop as his pretend dancing partner. "I'd dance a lot too if I had a floor like this to dance on."
"I'm glad you like it because your first chore is to wet mop the entire floor. It will probably take you several hours. You can get water and bleach in the supply closet outside the door."
"Very well. I guess I should get to work."
"I'll see you at one," she said, walking out the door. "If you need anything just call me on the house phone. Every room has one. Just dial 117."
"Okay, I will!" he replied as he watched her tiny body disappear down the hall.
This wasn't so bad, he thought. The work wasn't objectionable even if it was menial, and the girl was very sweet. And he had learned from her that tardiness, familiarity, and disobedience were on the verboten list. If he could manage to keep his attitude in check, he might just make it through the month without an infraction.
It took him almost four hours to complete his task. But when he was done the floor had taken on a luster that didn't exist before. He leaned against the mop, his face and upper body drenched in perspiration, feeling a sense of pride in his accomplishment.
"What are you doing?" a voice asked.
He turned around to find his arch nemesis standing directly behind him. She was dressed in a dark blue business suit and was wearing sunglasses. He thought she looked beautiful and was about to tell her so when she spoke again.
"Did you remember to polish the sconces?"
"I didn't know I was supposed to."
"Rosy must have forgotten to tell you."
"Well, I'm just about to take my lunch."
"That will have to wait. I have visitors here in an hour and that brass needs to be polished."
"But what about my lunch?"
"You can take it after you've finished polishing the sconces. It shouldn't take you more than an hour. You can find the polish and some cloths in the supply room. Now get to work."
And without another word to him she abruptly turned around and left the room.
What a bitch!he thought. And just when he was beginning to think things might not be all that bad. But he was proud of himself. He had managed to keep his cool even though he wanted to tell her to go to hell. He picked up the phone and called Rosy to tell her that he would have to work through lunch. But being the kind person she was, she told him that she would save some meat loaf for him. He thanked her and got to work.
He took his lunch alone in the supply room. It had taken him a little more than two hours to polish the sconces and it was now almost 4:00 p.m. Rosy only worked until 3:00 p.m., so he didn't even get a chance to see her before she left. It angered him to have his plans thwarted by Estelle in this way, but there was nothing he could do about it but stew in his own soup. He ate his lunch in silence, and when it was 5:00 p.m., he grabbed his coat and hat and left by the back door, feeling every bit as inconsequential as any slave at any time in history.
The next day was almost an exact repeat of the day before, but this time most of his efforts were concentrated on picking weeds in the garden behind the house. It was Rosy's day off, and he was pretty much left to fend for himself. But the highlight of the day was when he looked up to see Melody walking towards him carrying a little basket of fruit in her hand. She was dressed in jeans and a tee shirt, and she looked as if she had just stepped out of the beauty parlor.
"You look great!" he said to her as he took off his work gloves and invited her to sit down on a nearby bench. "What are you doing here?"
"Tuesdays and Fridays--remember?" she replied, putting the basket down on the bench. "Vivian wants me to check in on you--and her."
"Well, there's not much to report--at least not yet."
"No major run-ins with the wicked witch?"
"Nothing worth mentioning. So how are you?"
"I'm fine. Doug is fine. The kids are fine. I just wish you were back at the hospital. It's kind of lonely in the lab without you."
"Believe me, Melody, I wish I was back there too." He looked at the basket of fruit and removed an apple. "May I?"
"Go ahead. I know how much you love fruit."
"That was really very nice of you," he said, biting into the apple. "Your husband is lucky to have a woman like you."
"Oh, don't think for a moment that he doesn't know that. And if he gets forgetful, I make him remember--fast!"
He chuckled. "So how is everyone at the hospital? Anybody else miss me?"
"I know Vivian does. Sheila for sure. And Christiana has taken a liking to you too. And from what I've seen, she doesn't like many people."
"Why do you say that?"
"She just doesn't appear to be the trusting type. Can you blame her? Ever since she developed the EJAX drug she's had to defend herself in a hostile medical community run by men. I don't know about you, but that would have made me very cynical."
"I can understand that. She's a genius. And she's accomplished things that most scientists never will. That breeds envy and jealousy."
Melody suddenly turned her head to one side and caught a glimpse of someone approaching from the rear door of the house. "And speaking of envy and jealousy..."
It was Lily and Addison. They were both dressed in smart, casual designer wear and were laughing softly as they approached. In Lily's hands was an oversized pocketbook which she had flung over her shoulders. Both women looked as if they had imbibed a little too much liquor.
"Well, well, well," Lily said to Dickey. "Look at what we have here." She turned to Melody. "Hello, Melody."
"Hello Lily. Hello Addison," Melody replied. "It's nice to see you both again."
"Taking a break I see," Addison said to Dickey.
"I'm entitled," he replied without emotion.
"There are still some weeds that need to be picked," she noted, looking at some tall weeds on the outer edge of the garden.
"Thank you. I'll be getting to them shortly."
"You'd better do a good job. Your mistress will be greatly displeased if you leave even one tiny weed standing."
"She will?"
"Absolutely!" Lily said. "She loves this garden and she won't tolerate anything less than perfection."
"Then I shall endeavor to be perfect," he replied in a desultory tone.
Both girls giggled simultaneously.
"Have you two been drinking?" Melody asked them.
"Yes," Lily replied. "We've been drinking wine--all day."
"Cabernet Sauvignon, to be exact," Addison said, laughing gaily. "But don't tell Estelle. She thinks we're out here busting Dickey's ass."
"Is that what she told you to do?" Dickey asked them. "Bust my ass?"
"Do you expect anything less you poor slob? Of course, she wants to bust your ass. You deserve it!"
Once again, both women burst out laughing.
"And why are you here, Melody?" Lily asked.
"Weren't you two paying attention the other day? I'm here to make sure Dickey's not being treated in a cruel and unusual way inconsistent with Sisterhood regulations. And I'm also here to make sure that he's fulfilling his part of the bargain."
"Don't look at us," Lily said. "We haven't done anything to him."
"I thought you were going to bust his ass?"
"We're too drunk to bust anybody's ass," Addison replied.
"I'm glad to hear it."
Lily giggled softly and put her hand on Dickey's shoulder. "We're not going to bust your ass you handsome mother fucker. But don't say anything to Estelle."
"I won't," he replied, trying hard not to laugh.
"She would never forgive us if we didn't bust your ass just a little bit."
"Don't worry. I promise I'll keep my mouth shut."
"Good. What the bitch doesn't know won't hurt her." She turned around and faced Addison. "I think I'm going to be sick!"
With that the two women made a headlong dash for the house, tripping and falling over themselves every bit of the way. The sight of the two drunken women making utter fools of themselves made Dickey and Melody laugh out loud.
"What a fucking pair they make!" Dickey exclaimed. "Bust my ass! Ha!"
Melody pursed her lips in imitation of Addison. "Cabernet Sauvignon, to be exact!" she said, laughing heartily.
It was a precious moment that added some lightheartedness to an otherwise gloomy sentence. Satisfied that nothing was amiss, Melody hugged her friend and kissed him goodbye.
"I'll see you again on Friday...same time," she told him as she turned to leave.
"Thanks, Melody," he replied. "You're a true friend."
As he watched her walk away, his thoughts turned to the two drunken women. It seemed to him that maybe not everyone was happy with Estelle. The fact that Lily referred to her as a "bitch" told him a lot about the woman's loyalty to her superior. He returned to his work, making sure to pick the tall weeds on the periphery of the garden as Addison had so emphatically pointed out.
The rest of the week flew by. On Friday, he finally had a chance to sit down to lunch with Rosy. He came to find out that she was a trusted confidante of his mistress and that she was held in high esteem by all the staff, most of whom he never saw. When he asked her about why the house seemed so vacant, she laughed and told him that it wasn't always that way.
"We once had over two dozen servants working here at any time," she began. "But that all changed when the economy tanked. People think rich people aren't affected by the downturn, but they are. Ms. Rubinstein had to let go of eighteen people. That means that there are only six of us--including you--in charge of taking care of this house. I'm the one she's put in charge of keeping it all together."
"That's a big responsibility," he said, between mouthfuls. "This house is immense."
"Tell me about it. Sometimes I think I'm just going to keel over and die. It's just so much work now. Before it was much easier. You had all those people working together. Now you've got to break your back or risk losing your job."
"It's that way everywhere. You work more hours for less pay and there's absolutely no loyalty to be found anywhere. You can get thrown out on your ass at any time and for any reason. It's no wonder people today are paranoid. There's no way to know what's coming down the road."
She took a bite of her sandwich and nodded. "Nope. No way to know. For sure."
"And as bad as it is, most people say 'what the hell! It's better than being broke and unemployed!'"
"I've been there so I know what you're talking about."
"If you don't mind me asking. Does she pay you well?"
"I get the customary rate for a domestic servant. And there are a few perks."
"Like what?"
"She lets me use the pool. I can play tennis when the court's not in use. She even takes me for rides in her Lamborghini during the summer months. We went to the beach together last year and had lunch at Billy's Steak House in Martha's Vineyard."
Dickey shook his head in disbelief. "She did those things with you?"
"She's been doing things like that with me for years. She's not the monster you think she is."
"I never said she was a monster," he corrected her. "In fact, I never once told you what I thought of her."
"You didn't need to. I see it in the way you treat her. Like the other day you gave her the finger behind her back when you thought she wasn't looking. I was looking. I saw you do it. And I heard you say something vulgar to her too."
He reached for his glass of soda and took a sip. She was right of course. He had done all those things. Yet, for some strange reason, he had barely seen or interfaced with her for most of the week. For a woman who had promised to severely punish him for molesting her, she seemed strangely disinclined to carry out her threat.
"Look, Rosy," he said. "I don't know how much Ms. Rubinstein told you..."
"It's okay, Dickey. You don't have to explain. I know all about you."
"You do?"
"Yes."
"Well, if what you know about me is coming from our boss then..."
"It's not just her. I read about you on Brigham & Women's website. You're a good guy, Dickey. But you are conceited and a little arrogant too. But I think you know that already."
He laughed. "I hate to admit it but it's true."
"And you don't like to be pushed around."
"Right there too!"
"And having to demean yourself by working here for nothing, and for a woman you dislike, has got to be a terrible blow to your pride."
"You can't tell me that you wouldn't feel the same way if you were in my position."
"I don't know. I'm not you. Maybe I'd react differently. Maybe I'd admit that I was wrong to hurt those women and take my punishment without complaint. After all, Ms. Rubinstein could have said no to Dr. Swensen's offer."
"How do you know about that?"
"Ms. Rubinstein confides in me all the time. I think I'm the voice of her conscience to tell you the truth."
He stared at her for a moment and then realized something that had been eating away at him all the time he had worked there: Rosy was more than just a servant; she was Estelle's friend and confidante. It seemed improbable but true. And when he thought about Lily's faux pas earlier that day, it made sense that the rich heiress would find succor in the company of a woman who could never pose a threat to her; unlike the two drunk harpies whose true loyalties were vividly revealed to him.
"Tell me something," he said. "I've barely seen Ms. Rubinstein this whole week. Do you know why that is?"
"She's a very busy woman. Sometimes I don't see her for weeks at a time."
"But it doesn't make sense."
"I don't understand."
"Well, for a woman who swore she was going to punish me, she's got a strange way of showing it."
"And you're complaining about that?"
"No. I just think it's odd that's all."
Rosy chuckled softly. "I think you'll find that her bark is worse than her bite. Don't get me wrong. She can be a real bitch sometimes--but only if you cross her. Otherwise, she'll leave you alone."
He took another bite of his sandwich and then finished off the rest of his soda. "I actually bumped into the cook today. She seemed very nice."
"Nancy. She's great. And a great cook too."
"She told me that Ms. Rubinstein was planning a big party here in a few weeks. Do you know anything about it?"
Rosy shook her head. "All I know is that it's going to be a very big affair with lots of very important people. Why?"
"Well, you said that she confides in you."
"Yeah? So?"
"Did she mention any particulars? You know, like why she's throwing a party and for whom?"
"I remember her saying something about 'sisters'; that the party was being thrown for a bunch of women who belonged to some big organization. I don't think she mentioned the name."
"Sisterhood? Does that ring a bell?"
She thought for a moment and then her eyes lit up. "Yes! I think that's what she called it! How did you know?"
"Let's just say I entertained some of them at the hospital last week. I won't go into the details."
"Oh, okay," she replied. "If you'd rather not."
"I'm assuming she didn't tell you anything about it."
"No. She may confide in me but she doesn't tell me everything."
"Of course not."
He wondered just how much she really knew about the Sisterhood. He could not gauge from her reactions if she was lying or if she was telling the truth. It seemed to him highly probable that she knew more than she was letting on. But then again, Estelle may have purposely kept her in the dark about the clandestine organization. It was hard to tell.
But the more he considered the matter, the more it made sense that Estelle would keep the truth from her, if only to prevent her from revealing the truth to him. And that truth was simply that if indeed the party was being thrown for the Sisterhood, it was more than likely that he would figure prominently in the affair.
"I assume the party is going to be held in the ballroom?" he asked.
"Oh yes. It's the only room in the house that can accommodate hundreds of people."
"When is it going to be held?"
"The final Friday of the month. Your last day here."
"Are you going to be there?"
"She hasn't invited me so I guess not."
He questioned her for a short while more but he could glean no relevant information other than the party's time and place.
"Do you know where Ms. Rubinstein is right now?"
"She's in Paris for some kind of convention."
"A Sisterhood convention perhaps?"
"I have no idea. She didn't tell me anything other than she would be there for an entire week before flying to Rome and then to a few more countries. I don't expect her to be back here until the end of the month."
"Just in time for the party."
"It looks that way."
When he left to go home that evening the various parts of the puzzle all seemed to come together in his mind. With the exception of the instance when she had found him standing alone in the ballroom, and on one other occasion when he had run into her on her way out the front door, he had had no contact with her at all. Her treatment of him had been dismissive but not particularly malefic in both circumstances. His workload, too, had been heavy, but not overtly so. It certainly gave him no cause for complaint.
So, what happened to all the threats she had made to him during his humiliating experience at the hospital? She had wanted so much to make him pay for the terrible acts he had perpetrated upon her and her friends. Did she somehow find it in her heart to forgive him; to make him pay simply by forcing him to work as a menial? Would this be enough punishment to satisfy her? His innate understanding of human nature told him that this was highly unlikely. And if it was unlikely that his servitude alone would act as a satisfactory recompense--what then? Was it his destiny to end his indenture to this woman by being the centerpiece of some mysterious Sisterhood gathering? Was he going to be put on display for a group of strange women so that they could laugh and gawk at him as he stood there naked and vulnerable before them?
He went to sleep with a heavy, sinking feeling in his heart.

************

On the Friday afternoon of his third week of servitude, Estelle surprised him and the rest of the staff by showing up at the front door with a group of women trailing behind her. Lily, Grace, and Addison were there but the other women were strangers to both him and Rosy. Estelle hadn't bothered with introductions. She merely told Rosy and him that she would be entertaining her guests out on the veranda and that they should not plan on leaving for at least several hours after their normal work hours had ended.
"Am I allowed to refuse?" he asked Estelle in a thinly mocking tone.
"No, you may not. Now I want the both of you to set up the buffet tables and get the portable bar out there. The caterers will be arriving shortly. You will be waiting on me and my guests until 9:00 p.m. That's all you need to know."
"Do I have to stay late, Ms. Rubinstein?" Rosy whined. "I've had a tough day."
"I'm sorry, Rosy, but I need you. Don't worry. I'll pay you for your time."
"I thought you weren't coming back until next week."
"I thought so too. But I had to cancel my plans. Actually, the date of the party has been moved up."
"Yeah?" Dickey said to Estelle. "To when?"
"To right now."
"Oh, shit!"
"You watch that mouth of yours, Dickey!" she warned him.
"Am I going to have to wait on you and your guests too?" he said, ignoring her threat.
"You're on the verge of insolence," she replied. "I suggest you shut your mouth and do as I say."
If only she were a man!he thought.How I'd love to punch her right in the mouth!
He and Rosy stood together in the foyer and watched as Estelle led her entourage out onto the veranda. Beyond Estelle and her three friends, he counted eight other women, all of whom were dressed in the latest designer dresses and sporting all manner of expensive jewelry. Wealth and privilege were written all over them, and like Estelle herself, they regarded both him and Rosy with barely concealed contempt.
"As a doctor, I've rarely seen this side of human nature," he said to Rosy. "I don't think I like it."
"Try not to let it bother you," she replied. "It comes with the territory."
"That's no reason to despise them any less."
The caterers arrived a half hour later and Dickey and Rosy arranged all the food on the buffet table as Estelle and her guests carried on their conversation. They then wheeled the portable bar onto the veranda and were just about to leave when Estelle stopped them.
"Where do you think you two are going?" she asked.
"The buffet is all set up, Ms. Rubinstein," Rosy said. "I thought you and your guests..."
"My guests and I expect to be served. Now get behind the buffet table and wait there until we come up for our food."
"Yes, miss."
Dickey and Rosy did as they were told and waited for another half hour until the women were sufficiently hungry to draw them away from their lively banter. The more he listened to them talk, the more amazed he was at the level of mundaneness expressed in their trite comments. It seemed that the main topic always seemed to revolve around money or the acquisition of material possessions. There was some mention of adulterous husbands and the vagaries associated with the stock market, but beyond that their focus of interest seemed very narrow indeed.
Once the women had been served dinner, Estelle allowed her two servants to prepare a plate of food for themselves.
"I want you both back here in fifteen minutes--no longer," she told them.
They took their meal into an adjoining room and closed the door behind them.
"Can you believe those women?" Dickey said. "It's all money, money, money. Everything revolves around money. How tiresome!"
"That's all the rich ever talk about," Rosy replied, picking at her dinner. "I've learned to tune it out."
"Really? It doesn't bother you?"
"I've grown accustomed to hearing them talk like that. Now you'd better hurry and eat your dinner. We don't have much time."
"Fifteen minutes," he sneered as he stabbed a piece of meat with his fork. "How fucking gracious!"
They ate together in silence and then returned to the veranda where they found Estelle and her friends just finishing their dinners. Some of the women were already drinking and their conversation seemed to be headed toward different, and more salacious, topics.
"Oh, you should have seen it," a tall, blonde woman said to Lily. "The damn thing had to be at least a foot long! It was thick too. I nearly choked on it."
"I'm guessing he was black?" Lily asked, highly amused.
"Black as midnight. But he sure knew how to use that thing!"
The two women laughed and gave Dickey a coy look before rejoining their friends.
"Dickey, would you come over here please?" Estelle said.
He walked over to her and she handed him her dish.
"Take away all these used plates and close up the buffet," she instructed him.
"Yes, Ms. Rubinstein," he replied as politely as possible.
"And then I want you to put this on." She handed him a black bow tie with a clasp on the back.
"I don't understand," he said, taking the tie from her.
"There's nothing to understand. Just put it on."
He heard a few of the women giggle as he put the put the tie around his neck and fastened the clasp. He had no idea why her strange request bothered him, but it did. And judging by the suppressed laughs from the other women, he knew something was up.
"I'll tend to the buffet now," he said to her.
"Yes, you do that."
Once he and Rosy had put all the food away and had removed the buffet table, Estelle told them to come back into the room.
"Come take a seat next to me, Rosy," she said warmly. "The show is about to begin."
Rosy stared at Estelle inquisitively. "Show?"
"Yes. Now come over here and sit."
Dickey was now left standing alone by the bar, wondering what was coming next. Estelle's use of the word "show" had a distinct sinister implication for him, and he could feel the anxiety rising within him by leaps and bounds. The women smiled at him like a collection of Cheshire cats; the air of expectation hanging heavy in the room.
"Would you pour me another drink, Dickey?" Estelle said, enjoying his discomfiture.
"Yes, Ms. Rubinstein," he replied, half expecting her to make some outrageous demand.
He poured out the drink and handed it to her.
"Thank you, Dickey" she said, taking the glass from him.
"I could use a refill," a woman named Henrietta said to him as she handed him her empty glass.
"Of course, miss," he replied politely, taking her glass. He filled the glass and returned it to her. "Here you are," he said.
She took the glass and turned to Estelle. "He seems very well behaved."
"Oh, he is," Estelle said. "He does whatever I tell him, don't you, Dickey?"
For a moment he stood there looking dumbly at her, not knowing how to respond. One part of him wanted to tell her to go to hell, while the other part knew that, if he did, he'd face terrible consequences.
"That is correct, Ms. Rubinstein," he said with feigned seriousness.
She looked at him dubiously.
"I'm not sure I'm quite happy with you calling me 'Ms. Rubinstein," she said, crossing her long legs. "That works for Rosy and the other staff but you...you're really on the lowest rung here. I think I'd prefer 'mistress' instead. Yes, I'd much prefer that, Dickey."
He knew she was trying to goad him, to provoke him into making a fatal mistake. But he kept his cool and subdued his impulse to retaliate. "As you wish, mistress."
Grace chuckled. "It's important for a servant to know his place," she said to Henrietta. "Estelle is very good at controlling people--especially men."
"Yes," Henrietta agreed. "I can see that."
"I demand subservience at all times," Estelle said. "If you're too lenient, they take advantage of you. And if you're too demanding they rise up against you. I've learned to walk a fine line between those two extremes."
"Well, whatever you do, it seems to work quite well," a woman sitting next to Lily said.
"Thank you, Dana," Estelle replied. "I think so too." She took a sip of her drink and then put her glass down on the table in front of her. "Dickey!"
"Yes, mistress?"
"Remove all your clothes--now."
It had come--finally. The outrageous demand he had so feared had now been uttered, and he was about to once again be made to suffer the indignity and humiliation that had recently been inflicted upon him at the hospital. He stood there, hoping that maybe Estelle was making a joke at his expense. But when she continued to glare at him, he knew she wasn't joking.
"Did you hear what I said?" she asked him.
"Yes, mistress."
"Then take off your clothes!"
"I don't want to."
"I don't care what you want! You do as I say or I'll rip those clothes off you myself!"
"So much for being well-behaved!" Addison sneered.
There was no way out of it and he knew it. He could protest further but he knew it would only aggravate her even more. It simply wasn't worth the risk.
As the women looked on with big smiles on their faces, he began to remove his clothes until only his briefs were left.
"Take them off, Dickey!" Estelle ordered.
With great reluctance he removed his briefs and threw them aside. Much to his surprise, his cock was semi-erect, providing the women with a hint of what was to come.
"Oh, my God!" Dana exclaimed. "Now that is a beautiful fucking dick!"
"You were right about him," Estelle," Henrietta said, unable to take her eyes of his body. "He is magnificent!"
The women were delighted to take in the majesty of his toned and muscular form, resembling in many ways the spectacular manly torsos of some of the world's greatest sculptures.
"Turn around a few times and let my friends get a good look at you," Estelle told him.
He did a few complete turns and then stopped to stand facing them, his hand resting by his sides.
"Michelangelo'sDavidhas nothing on this guy!" a short, brown-haired woman with huge tits said. "And he's getting an erection too!"
"You're right, Claire!" Addison said. "And it's getting hard really fast!"
"I have first dibs! Does everybody hear me? I want to fuck him first!"
It was true. Despite the uncomfortable and uncompromising situation he now faced, some part of him found it titillating to be the only naked person in the room: one naked man with a dozen clothed females. And all of them were ogling his body as if it were candy.
"So, what do you think, Rosy?" Estelle asked. "Is he not gorgeous?"
"I thought that even before he took his clothes off, Ms. Rubinstein," the girl replied, somewhat abashed at the sight of seeing him nude.
"Indeed! And what do you think of that penis? It's pretty big, isn't it?"
"Yes, miss. It seems so."
"Tell us how big you are, Dickey," Estelle said.
"Eight inches, mistress," he replied, feeling like a piece of meat on display.
"Eight inches! But that's nothing compared to what he's going to look like once I've given him the EJAX drug!"
"You're not going to do that to me are you?" he complained.
"Of course, I am. Why do you think I've brought all these women over here tonight? The want to see this medical miracle for themselves."
"Some of us might want to get inseminated by you, Dr. Hatfield," one of the women said. "Don't you think we have a right to inspect the goods before we buy?"
It was the first time any of these elites had ever called him 'doctor'. The word seemed incongruous when spoken by them, considering they considered him far below their social class.
"Are you telling me you want to have sex with me?" he asked her.
"That's exactly what I'm telling you."
"I'm just a lowly servant. Why would you want to...?"
She laughed. "Oh, that! I'm not hung up on those things like some of my friends here. You're a brilliant doctor and you're gorgeous. That's all that interests me."
"Sharon is not as class conscious as we are," Estelle told him. "She's very spiritual minded."
"What that means is that she'd fuck you if you were the poorest man on earth--as long as she does it with the noblest of intentions," Grace said.
"A true spiritual snob," Lily jibed.
"Oh, shut up you two!" Sharon said. "You're just jealous because I'm in touch with higher, more spiritual, things."
"Fine," Claire told her. "But I'm still fucking him first!"
Estelle stood up and handed Dickey a small green pill. "Take it," she said.
He put the pill in his mouth and swallowed it down with a sip of water.
"In about fifteen minutes Dickey's cock and balls are going to expand to twice their normal size," Estelle told her friends. "I know some of you didn't believe me when I told you such a thing was possible. Now you're going to find out for yourselves. I warn you. The transformation is quite dramatic."
"I can't wait to see this!" Henrietta said. "Twice their normal size!"
"It is something to see," Lily said. "You're going to love it!"
Dickey looked at Rosy with a forlorn expression. He hated having her see him in this predicament, naked and humiliated in front of a group of strange women. She smiled weakly at him, her eyes conveying the mixed emotions she felt inside. The women continued to converse amongst themselves as he stood there before them silent and without moving a muscle. They made lewd comments about him periodically, and a few of them even walked up to him and fondled his genitals. And then, after almost twenty minutes of tortuous waiting he felt the drug kick in.
"Look!" Estelle exclaimed, pointing to his groin. "It's starting to happen!"
Before their startled eyes, Dickey's prick began to slowly expand, within seconds reaching up to his navel and then further up to touch his breasts. At the same time his balls started to swell until they looked like a pair of melons, ripe and filled with sperm.
"That is the most incredible thing I've ever seen!" Dana exclaimed. "It just keeps growing!"
"And it won't stop until it gets to be sixteen inches," Addison said, enjoying the reactions of her friends to the sight of Dickey's expanding genitalia.
Dickey both loved and hated the monstrosity that now hung between his legs. He hated it because it reminded him of his own weakness; that he was not in control. But he loved it because the women loved it, and that was a serious bit of ego stroking he found hard not to accept.
"Was I right, ladies?" Estelle asked them, grinning from ear to ear. "Look at it! The eighth wonder of the fucking world!"
At that moment, one of the staff, a female butler named Jennifer whom Dickey had met only once, appeared at the door. She was a tall, lanky girl with long brown hair and small, beady eyes. She wasn't unattractive, but her heavy-rimmed glasses gave her a very ungainly appearance. When she laid her eyes on Dickey, she almost fled the room, but Estelle called her back.
"It's all right, Jennifer," she said to the girl. "Just pretend you didn't see it. Now what is it?"
"Your guests have arrived and are waiting in the foyer. Shall I escort them in?"
"By all means!" Estelle exclaimed. "Oh, I'm so happy they got here safe and sound! A little late but better late than never!"
Jennifer paused to take another look at the impossibly huge cock jutting out from between Dickey's legs. "Is that thing real?" she asked.
"Yes, Jennifer," Estelle answered. "It's real. Now do as I say and take our guests directly to the ballroom."
"Yes, Ms. Rubinstein."
The butler gave one last look at Dickey and quickly fled the room.
"What's going on here, Estelle?" Grace asked. "Who are these 'guests'?"
"Oh, just some Sisters who decided to come and pay me a visit," she replied with a knowing smile.
"What Sisters? What are you talking about?"
"Oh, what the hell! I had hoped to surprise you but that stupid butler of mine had to spill the beans."
"Well, tell us already!" Lily demanded.
"As you all know, I spent the past three weeks in Europe. And while I was there, I paid my respects to our dear Sisterhood leader at her headquarters in Paris."
"You met with Holly McKenzie?" Addison asked.
"I met with her, Phoebe Anjou, Janet Walsh, Felicia Antonetti, Marge Davis...a whole bunch of them. Most of them are living in Paris now so it was easy just to invite them all."
"Are you telling us that the upper echelons of the Sisterhood Order are now standing out there in your foyer?" Henrietta asked.
"That's right, sweetie. They came here straight from the airport. Isn't this fucking exciting?"
The entire room exploded with cheers. Many of the women in the room had never met with any of the higher-ranking officials of their organization and were thrilled beyond belief.
"This is the coolest thing you could have ever done, Estelle!" Lily cried. "We're going to meet Holly McKenzie in person!"
"Yes, we are!" Estelle laughed joyously. "So, come on everyone! Let's get to the ballroom!"
As the women began to hurriedly exit the room there was a moment when Dickey felt as if he'd been forgotten. But that moment was short-lived when he felt Estelle's hand on his shoulder.
"If you put on a good show for us tonight, I might consider ending your servitude early. But if you fuck up, I'll kill you. Now get your ass into the ballroom. And watch where you point that big stick of yours. The last thing I need is for you to put someone's eye out."
The entire situation was almost too strange for Dickey to comprehend. Here he was, completely nude with an erection that had no right to exist, with a set of balls equally improbable, heading toward a huge room filled with all manner of strange women he had never met before. And he was being asked to perform for them, which only meant one thing: he was going to lose gallons of spunk for their amusement!
"Come on, Rosy," Estelle said. "I want you there too. Let's go."
Estelle walked out of the room ahead of them as Rosy got up from her chair and took his hand. "We'd better get going."
"Does any of this seem surreal to you?" he asked her as she led him out of the room.
"Your cock seems surreal to me," she giggled. "But the party? I've seen lots of parties before."
"You realize what they're going to do to me."
"Of course, I do. I've seen them use and abuse men lots of times. That's what these Sisters do."
"Well, you've never seen what this EJAX drug can do. It makes women act like crazed people."
"Don't worry, Dickey," she said, smiling up at him. "I'll do my best to protect you."
He returned her smile but inside he was beginning to feel like he might not make it through the night alive.
She led him through several corridors until they heard a multitude of female voices chattering loudly just outside the ballroom. As soon as the women laid eyes on his sixteen-inch weapon they screamed with laughter.
"This is too fucking much!" a cute brunette exclaimed as Dickey and Rosy approached. "Is that a gun in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?"
Dickey was mortified. Yet he trudged on, knowing that he had no choice but to play his part in this absurd and demeaning spectacle if he had any hopes of becoming a free man again.
They turned the corner and entered the ballroom. And suddenly all hell broke loose. Women ran up to him and Rosy from every direction, pulling at him, inspecting his genitals, rudely poking him with their fingers as if he were nothing more than a slave being auctioned off on the slave market; a beautiful-looking curiosity--a freak to be gawked at and manhandled any way they chose.
"Look at this fucking thing!" one of the strangers said to her friends. "It looks like Christiana has outdone herself this time!"
"What do you call this, handsome?" another asked, wrapping her fingers around his shaft. "Do you have a license to carry it around?"
A tiny blonde woman with big tits suddenly threw herself at him and kissed him hard on the mouth. "Jesus Christ you're gorgeous!" she exclaimed to the utter delight of the crowd. "Do you wanna give me a baby?"
"Fuck!" another cried. "He can give us all babies! Let's fuck the shit out of him right now!"
The press of bodies was so great that Rosy was pushed aside, and soon Dickey was left all alone, encircled by a crowd of randy, screaming women. Estelle tried in vain to bring the women under control but her voice was drowned out by the ecstatic crowd.
And then, when it seemed as though Dickey might actually come to harm, the harsh sound of a police whistle pierced through the raucous din, and the room fell silent. In the doorway stood two figures, both blonde and blue-eyed and beautiful, but one much taller than the other. The taller woman stood at least six feet two inches, and her body was lean and muscular. She took the whistle out of her mouth and grinned. "Did I catch you bitches at a bad time?"
Estelle, who had been standing next to Lily, now grabbed her friends arm hard and grimaced. "Oh, my God!"
"What is it?" Lily asked.
"That's her!"
"Who?"
"Ariel Bishop," she replied.
"Are you sure?"
Of course, I'm sure. Didn't I tell you I saw her picture on the Sisterhood website? That's her. I'm sure of it."
"You didn't invite her, did you?"
"Of course not!"
"Then what the hell is she doing here?"
"I don't know but I don't like it."
The shorter woman walked into the ballroom with Ariel by her side. The crowd parted as the two of them approached Dickey.
"I'm Holly McKenzie," the shorter woman said to him, shaking his hand. "Are you alright?"
"I'm Dr. Richard Hatfield," he replied, his heart racing. "I don't usually meet women like this--I mean with my penis artificially enhanced."
She laughed. "I'm sure you don't. It's nice to meet you. This is my next in command, Ariel Bishop."
"Hello," Ariel said in an emotionless voice. "You're very handsome, Dr. Hatfield."
"Thank you," he replied, admiring her imposing beauty.
"It has been brought to our attention that you are friends with Dr. Christiana Swensen. Is that so?"
"Yes, Dr. Swensen and I are friends."
"And that of this moment you are fulfilling an obligation to one of our Order?"
"To Ms. Rubinstein, yes."
"Where is she?"
"I don't know."
"Estelle Rubinstein!" Ariel called out. "Come over here and introduce yourself!"
Estelle grabbed Lily by the hand and the two of them came running through the mass of bodies toward Dickey.
"I'm right here!" she shouted as she approached. "I'm sorry I couldn't get through all these people!"
Holly greeted Estelle and Lily warmly. "I'm sorry we're a little late getting here," she told the heiress. "We got caught in traffic."
"Oh, the traffic in downtown Boston can be brutal. I'm just happy you're here. It's so nice to meet both you and Ariel in person."
"It's nice to meet you too, Estelle," Ariel remarked with a stolid face.
"This is my friend Lily Davenport," Estelle said.
"It's a pleasure to meet both of you," Lily smiled. "This is going to be a really great party!"
"I'm sure it is," Holly replied, staring at Dickey's enormous prick. "And by the looks of things it's going to be very interesting too."
"Oh, it is!" Estelle said. "It most certainly is!"
"Dickey was chosen to be the sperm donor back at Brigham & Women's Hospital," Lily told the two blonde women. "And he's here tonight to donate more of his sperm. But this time we're going to do it the old-fashioned way."
"Straight fucking I assume?" Ariel replied.
"Yes. And as much of it as possible! We have a lot of women here tonight who'd love to get pregnant by him. I mean--who wouldn't?"
"Seems like you're in for a hell of a ride, Dickey," Holly said, patting him gently on his cock. "And I'd say you've got the equipment to see it through."
"God help me!" he croaked.
"God won't help you," Ariel said. "But I will."
"What do you mean?"
"I'm here to make sure they don't tear you apart."
"She's just kidding, Dickey," Holly laughed. "Let's just say that Ariel is very good at crowd control."
"Well, that's good to know," he replied, as the women continued to press in around him.
"However, you still must fulfill your oath." She turned to Estelle. "This is your party and Dickey is to do with as you will."
"Then what are we waiting for?" Estelle exclaimed. "Let the games begin!"
For a brief moment, Dickey saw Rosy's cute little face peering at him from behind a solid wall of women's bodies. She had no way to reach him. And even if she could, she could be of no help to him. Her ability to protect him was never meant to be taken seriously, especially now that she herself had to fight from being trampled on by the unruly crowd. But Ariel, true to her word, and by virtue of her intimidating presence alone, managed to maintain some semblance of order. Within minutes, she had established a pecking order simply by choosing people at random; all with exception of Claire and Dana, who had laid claim to Dickey before anyone else. It wasn't to the liking of some of the women, but no one had the audacity or courage to challenge her. And Holly's presence, as Sisterhood leader, acted as a strong deterrent against anyone seeking to break the rules.
Before he knew what was happening, Dickey was pulled down onto the floor in the middle of ballroom, his legs and arms held fast in the grip of several women. Above him was an ornate chandelier, its crystal prisms sparkling like myriad diamonds suspended in the air. His cock and balls were now being fondled by multiple hands, and he could feel the telltale signs associated with the enormous build-up of sperm within his testicles, a feeling previously assuaged by the alarm at having so many women attacking him at once.
He looked up and saw Claire, now completely naked, hovering over him, her mammoth tits resembling two torpedoes hanging from her stout, heavy frame.
"Are you ready to fuck me, baby?" she asked him as she lowered her cunt down onto his prick. "Are you ready to give me all your creamy jizz?"
"Fuck him good, Claire," Dana said, removing her skirt and panties. She was a large woman; not fat, just big-boned. But, like Claire, she was the proud owner of two spectacularly large breasts. She threw aside her clothing and lowered her pussy down onto Dickey's face, demanding him to suck her clit.
"Get that fucking tongue of yours in my hot cunt, you gorgeous fucker!" she exclaimed.
Dickey began to lick and suck her moist pussy with fervor as Claire bounced up and down on his cock like a woman out of control, her massive jugs making concentric circles in the air.
Held down as he was on all sides, he couldn't move a muscle. But it was useless to struggle. He was simply overwhelmed by the dozens of maniacal women seeking union with him. All he could do was bring as much pleasure to them as he could while wresting as much pleasure from them in the process.
"Oh, this cock feels so good inside me!" Claire cried. "Fuck me hard, Dickey!"
"Yeah!" Addison said. "You fuck her hard, Dickey! Make her cum!"
A few of the women were so turned on by the sight of seeing the two women being serviced that they took the liberty to suck on the nipples of both Claire and Dana, who, being so distracted by their own pleasure, offered no resistance whatsoever.
Dickey's tongue darted in and out of Dan's cunt with great speed, her clit now swollen and engorged and primed for orgasm. At the same time his cock plunged deep into Claire's creamy snatch with the precision of a high-speed piston. The plump little woman reached out and grabbed Dana by the hand, holding on for dear life.
"I'm gonna cum, honey!" she exclaimed to her friend.
"Me too!" Dana declared.
To the screams of the crowd both women began to orgasm.
"Oh, my God!" Claire cried. "Yes! Yes! Yes!"
And just as her cunt exploded, so did Dana's.
"Oh, fuck!" she exclaimed. "We're cumming together honey! Oh, fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"
Dickey's prick was now on the verge of shooting its heavy load and he could feel the sperm rising up through his shaft as Claire's cunt gripped him tightly.
"Give me a baby!" she screamed. "Fill me up with your fucking seed!"
That was all it took.
A thick wad of molten spunk erupted from his dick, sending spurt after spurt deep into Claire's climaxing pussy.
"I can feel you cumming inside me!" Claire cried. "Oh, yes!" Give me everything you have! Fuck me! Fuck me!"
Dickey's balls convulsed yet again, spitting out one creamy rope of baby batter after the other. The pleasure was so intense that he almost felt as if he was going to pass out.
"Keep fucking her, you son of a bitch!" he heard Estelle cry over the din.
Dana grinded her cunt into his face one last time and collapsed onto the floor next to him, exhausted. His face glistened with her pussy juices as he fought to take in great draughts of air. Claire was now coming down off her own orgasm, and she lowered her body onto his and kissed him full on the lips before slowly climbing off him to a thunderous applause.
"Now it's Dana's turn to get inseminated!" Addison said as she helped Dana to her feet.
"How do you like it, Dana?"
"From behind!" she replied, already getting down on her hands and knees.
"Get him up!" Estelle ordered the women who were holding him down. "On his knees!"
Dickey felt his body lifted up into the air and then brought down again in one fluid motion as the women positioned him so that he was now resting on his knees, his prick just inches away from Dana's steaming slit.
"Stick that thing inside me now!" Dana demanded as she lifted her ass higher into the air.
Taking his enormous appendage in hand, Dickey guided it straight into her opening and gently inserted it inch by inch until more than half of his cock was buried deep inside her.
"God that feels good!" she exclaimed.
"Go ahead and fuck her, Dickey!" Lily said. "Ram that fucking pole all the way up her snatch!"
Without hesitation he began to fuck her. In front of him stood Estelle and Grace, both of them looking immensely satisfied at his performance thus far. Behind them stood Holly, Ariel, and other Sisterhood members. And to his left and right the faces of Henrietta, Lily, Addison, and several of Estella's guests from the veranda, all of whom were now observing him with approving smiles.
"Screw the shit out of her, Dickey!" Henrietta laughed. "Dana likes it hard and rough!"
"Oh, yes, honey, I do!" Dana replied, breathing fast.
"Don't worry, baby," Dickey said to Dana. "I'll fuck your ass off!"
"That's the spirit!" Estelle cried. "She wants your cum, Dickey! Give it to her!"
"Yes! Yes!" Dana moaned. "I want his fucking cum. I want it all!"
All of a sudden, he felt pairs of hands on his butt cheeks, pushing him from behind in an attempt to provide added impetus to his thrusts. He looked behind him and saw that one of the women was none other than Rosy herself.
"Fuck her, Dickey!" she said to him as she pushed on his butt. "Do a good job and you can go home!"
He almost lost his composure then and there. That she would be thinking of his welfare under such lurid conditions endeared her to him in ways he could not easily fathom. He thought that amidst all these women, who were now hovering around him likes bees on honey--demanding, clutching, scraping for every bit of pleasure they could from his body--only Rosy showed any concern for him. If he could, he would have taken her in his arms and kissed her.
"I'm gonna cum!" Dana suddenly announced, her entire body quivering with pleasure. Her orgasm hit her like a ton of bricks, sending her cunt into convulsions. "Shoot that fucking cream deep into me, Dickey! Do it now!"
He didn't need much encouragement. His balls, barely drained from his first orgasm, were primed and ready to deliver yet another astounding load.
"Here it comes!" he exclaimed. "Are you ready for me baby?"
"Oh, God, yes!" she replied, moaning loudly. "Fill me up with that hot sticky spunk! Do it! Do it!"
With a roar he unloaded a monstrous load of cock snot deep inside her pussy. It splashed against the walls of her cunt, reaching as high as her belly button; a rich, creamy explosion of such volume that it flowed out of her vagina even as he continued to ejaculate within her.
"Oh, God!" she cried as the felt the spurts of his lust dance wildly around in her snatch.
"That fucking EJAX is something else!" he heard Ariel exclaim. "I never get tired of watching these guys get off from it."
"Their stamina is incredible!" Holly replied.
No sooner had Dana climbed off his cock than Henrietta forced herself upon him. She removed her panties and threw them aside but left her skirt on, straddling his body in the reverse cowgirl position facing away from him.
"Come on, Dickey" she cooed. "No time to rest now! Shove that big prick of yours inside me and let's make a baby!"
Dickey groaned loudly. "I'm not a machine lady!" he complained. "Can't you give me a few minutes' rest?"
"After you've fucked her, I'll let you rest for a few minutes," Estelle told him. "Now get to work or I'll tan your hide!"
"I really hate you sometimes--mistress!" he exclaimed as Henrietta guided his prick into her pussy.
Estelle merely laughed, happy just to be able to provoke him to anger.
"I can't tell you girls how great it feels to have such a huge, thick penis inside me!" Henrietta raved. She almost sounded like a talk show host the way she articulated the act of being fucked. "It fills you right up. It's nothing like the feeling you get with a small penis. Not at all. You simply must try it before you leave tonight, girls. Now fuck me good and hard, Dickey!"
Her litany almost had Dickey laughing. Most women were too overcome with lust to ever consider delivering such a speech while being screwed, but not Henrietta.
"It's almost like having a big pepperoni inside you," she continued as the women around her laughed and encouraged her. "But this is nice and warm and full of special sauce!"
The crowd erupted with laughter, and so did Dickey.
"You tell quite a story, lady!" he laughed as she rose up and down his pole.
"Just keep fucking me!" she cried. "You handsome stud!"
And fuck her he did. For the next few minutes, she fell silent, savoring the feeling of his cock plunging in and out of her dripping snatch. And then, quite unexpectedly, she announced that she was cumming.
"Sweet Jesus!" she cried. "I believe I'm going to have an orgasm!"
The declaration, so pedantically expressed in view of the circumstances, made everyone laugh hysterically.
"She's going to have an orgasm!" Ariel exclaimed, mocking Henrietta's proper, but totally incongruous, sentiment.
The crowd laughed with delight as the red-haired beauty locked her legs around Dickey's thighs and came.
"Oh! It's like...how can I describe it?" she whimpered softly.
This made the crowd laugh even more.
"I can tell you what it feels like, honey," Ariel said. "It feels fucking great!"
Dickey couldn't help but find Henrietta's comments completely out of sync with what was happening to her, and he laughed along with everyone else. But his mirth was short-lived now that he was coming close to ejaculating.
"I'm gonna blow my load, lady!" he warned Henrietta.
"Blow it!" she laughed, encouraging him. "Fill me up until its dripping out of my ears!"
He cried out as his prick erupted with giant spurts of rich white cream deep inside her cunt. The powerful bursts of sperm triggered another orgasm from her, and she moaned out loud as they both came together amidst the roar of the crowd.
"It's feels so good!" she cried. "So good!"
Dickey pumped several more loads into her before his balls were fully drained, and then Henrietta lifted herself up and kissed him.
"You were great!" she said to him.
As she stood up, dollops of his sperm began to flow out of her pussy and onto her legs, which didn't escape Estelle's notice.
"With all that cum in there you'll probably give birth to twins," she said to Henrietta.
As promised, Estelle let Dickey rest for a short while before engaging in further sexual intercourse. He was so thirsty that it took two bottles of water to quench his thirst. But after this brief interlude, he was once again ready to fuck; his cock and balls still firmly in the grip of the EJAX drug.
For the next hour he had sex with over thirty women and in all positions imaginable. Sometimes he was on top; other times the women took the top position. He fucked them from behind, standing up, and even while he stood on his head, supported by several women. But the thrill of the evening was when Ariel herself decided she wanted to sample what the gorgeous man had to offer.
"You?" he said to her. "You want me to fuck you?"
"I want you on top of me so I can feel every inch of your fucking big dong inside me," she replied as she removed all her clothes.
The sight of the blonde Amazon goddess filled him with renewed lust and vigor. She was impossibly beautiful as she stood before him in all her natural glory. The other women, too, were struck speechless by her inordinate loveliness, and as she laid her body down on the floor in front of him, the other women circled around her, anxious to watch Dickey fuck her.
"She is beautiful, isn't she Dickey?" Holly said.
"Very beautiful," he replied, moving his body on top of Ariel's.
"Consider yourself fortunate," Ariel told him as she felt the tip of his prick at the entrance to her tunnel. "I rarely let any man fuck me on top."
He smiled. "Then I consider myself fortunate."
"Have you still got any semen left inside those ridiculously big balls of yours?"
"I'm sure I do."
"Then fuck me really good and make cum. And then I want you to shoot all that hot, creamy semen into me. And I mean every fucking drop!"
"I don't think I'll have any problems in that department you beautiful woman you."
Dickey couldn't believe his luck. Of all the women in the room that night, Ariel was the prize to be had; the gemstone in the crown. That was not to say that many of the other women weren't just as lovely. Holly, for instance, was no less beautiful. But Ariel was almost otherworldly in her beauty; an ethereal creature fashioned by the gods.
He fucked her gently at first, not wanting to seem like some impatient and inept teenage boy. But with her encouragement he began to pick up the pace and was soon driving his gargantuan organ into her hot cunt with relentless speed.
"Oh, yes!" she cried. "You handsome man! Fuck me with all your strength! Make me cum!"
"You're so beautiful!" he told her, kissing her face and mouth over and over again. "I want to bring you pleasure!"
She returned his kisses and embraced him passionately, locking her long, powerful legs around him. "Oh, baby! Come with me! Come with me!"
With her impassioned words fueling his lust, Dickey plunged into her like a madman, forgetful of where he was, of who he was; his one goal to make her have the best orgasm of her life.
"That's it, baby!" she cooed softly. "I'm so close now! Oh, God! Yes! Yes!"
She grabbed his head suddenly with both hands and kissed him savagely as her steaming cunt exploded with absolute pleasure.
"Shoot your cum inside me, darling!" she whispered in his ear. "Give me everything you have in your balls! Cum! Cum!"
Dickey let out a scream of joy as his prick fired off one salvo after another of hot, white sperm deep inside her pussy. Her cunt muscles were so powerful that it almost felt as if his cock was being manipulated by a pair of hands, mercilessly milking out every last drop. She held him tight, refusing to let him go, as the two of them reached the very heights of ecstasy together.
And then it was over. The crowd gave both of them a standing ovation.
Ariel gave him one last kiss before he got up and helped her to her feet.
"I don't think I've ever cum like that in my life," she told him as she began to dress. "But then again, I've never fucked a cock like that either."
"It was beyond anything I've ever experienced," he replied. "And that's the truth."
"I believe you, Dr. Hatfield."
"If there's one thing about Ariel, she's honest," Holly said to him. "She always tells the truth."
"I have no doubt of that," he replied.
It was now going on 10:00 p.m. and Dickey was growing tired. Yet he was still fucking women left and right, bringing them to orgasm one after the other. He wondered how much of it was due to the drug or to having so many beautiful women around. Maybe it was both. But during the last two fuck sessions he was not able to cum, even though his prick was still hard.
Just then a woman approached him and took his cock in her hand.
"My name is Marge Davis," she told him. "I'm a doctor. I noticed that you haven't been ejaculating these last few times. That's not consistent with the behavior of EJAX-472. If you don't mind, I'd like to examine you."
"Are you familiar with the drug?"
"I'm a friend of Dr. Swensen's. I worked on her team from the beginning. Let me have a look."
As the crowd of women gathered around him, Marge took out a small portable MRI device from her purse and placed it over his abdomen. Within seconds an image of his insides appeared on the screen. She studied it for a few moments and then moved it over to his genital area.
"There doesn't seem to be anything wrong that I can see from this readout," she said. "Are you holding yourself back from cumming, Dickey?"
"No, doctor," he replied.
"Are you sure, Dickey?" Estelle asked. "Because if you are..."
"No, I don't think it's that, Estelle," Marge said. She looked at Dickey. "I've seen this happen before in one of our patients. Sometimes vaginal stimulation fails to work. In such cases only hand stimulation will provoke an orgasm."
"And why is that?" Lily asked.
"Because the penis gets desensitized for one thing. And the penis also gets used to being in the highly moist climate of the vagina, further exacerbating the problem." She took the MRI away and replaced it in her purse.
"So, what do we do now?" Estelle asked her.
"He's coming to the end of his endurance. I would say he's got one good ejaculation left in him."
"I'd like to help him out," Rosy said to Estelle. "If you'll let me."
Estelle was about to dismiss her but she suddenly found herself at a loss for words. The girl had always been a true friend to her and she couldn't find it in her heart to refuse.
"Okay, Rosy," she said. "Why don't you wrap your little hands around that big dick of his and bring him off. I wanted my friends to see what he could do and this is the perfect time."
"Thank you," Ms. Rubinstein," she replied with a smile.
"Are you sure you want to do this, Rosy?" Dickey asked. "It's not like you have to."
"I want to," the girl replied. "I want to help you, Dickey."
As she began to masturbate him, the crowd gathered around to watch her work her magic on his cock. After a short while Dickey began to see that Dr. Davis was correct in her diagnosis. His prick had indeed become desensitized to the vaginal environment. But now, with his prick in the firm grip of the lovely little woman, he felt the sperm once again begin to boil in his testicles. And with almost two hundred women looking on, he began to cum.
"Holy fuck!" he cried. "I'm gonna cum like a fuckin' horse!"
Rosy laughed. "Go for it, Dickey! Let's see it!"
A huge rope of heavy cream shot straight up into the air and splashed into the bottom of the chandelier above their heads. The jizz clung to the base of the fixture and hung there for a few seconds before dripping down onto the floor below.
"Good shot, Dickey!" Rosy exclaimed as the crowd cheered her on.
Another volley sailed out and into the audience where it landed on several women. This was followed by a succession of spurts that flew high up into the air, finding targets in the masses of bodies cheering and screaming around him. A few minutes later Dickey delivered his final load of the evening; a powerful blast that splashed right into Estelle's grinning face.
"You little fuck!" she screamed at him as she tried to wipe the sperm from her face with her hand.
But the audience loved it. And they laughed with joy at the sight of her distress; so much so, in fact, that she found herself laughing too.
"Oh, Dickey, Dickey!" she exclaimed. "What on earth am I going to do with you?"
"How about giving me my freedom--mistress?"
"Oh, yes, Ms. Rubinstein!" Rosy said, her hand dripping with his semen. "He's certainly earned it! You have to let him off the hook. You must!"
The crowd seemed to agree with her and soon the entire room was demanding Dickey's freedom. Even Lily seemed to agree.
"Let him go, Estelle. He's fulfilled his part of the deal."
"I insist on it!" Holly said.
"Absolutely!" Ariel agreed.
"You must! You must!" Rosy pleaded.
Estelle looked at all the satisfied and happy faces around her and capitulated. "Oh, all right! I'm not a heartless monster after all." She looked at Dickey. Theétat de miséricordeis over. You are free to go."
"A wise choice," Ariel said to her with an ominous stare.
Dickey couldn't have been happier. He hugged Rosy and shook hands with Estelle--something he thought he'd never do. But she had been fair with him. And he came to realize that she wasn't such a bad person after all. She might be rich and powerful, but she had a heart. In fact, he realized that all the Sisters he had encountered that night, regardless of whether or not he'd had sex with them, were much like Estelle. Even Christiana, for all her toughness and intransigence, exemplified honesty and integrity. His punishment was simply what one could expect when the laws of reciprocity were abrogated. And he would make certain he would never make that mistake again.

THE END