Edited by the lovely LeggMan (Thanks again xx)
This is the third chapter in my Greek Island adventure.
*
Roger and I slowly left the beach. He reached out his hand to take mine, and we walked along like a love sick couple. We worked our way along the water's edge, then slowly up the goat track to get to the top of the cliffs. Roger insisted on me walking ahead of him. I know he loves to look up my skirt, but he was particularly grabby, too. He was horny.....and so was I.
Witnessing Sofia take on Andreas, Dimitris and Kostas, and having my own naughty time with Yannis, still had my pussy throbbing.
We made our way back to the bike. I placed my bag on the ground, and started to wipe the sand off my feet. Bending over with one hand on the bike was obviously exposing my bare ass again to Roger, so I wasn't surprised at suddenly feeling him behind me.
I had a sudden flashback to 30 minutes previously with Yannis, and his hard, fit body behind me, his hands on my breasts, his cock rubbing against me, whispering all those naughty things in my ear.
"I really need a shower, babe!" I said to Roger, feeling his hands working their way over my body.
"I have just the thing. I have two full, large bottles of water. If I make a couple of holes in the caps, we can use them to wash off. What do you think?"
"If you think it would work, give it a go."
With that Roger got out his army knife, and with the corkscrew started piercing holes in one of the water bottle caps. When he'd finished he screwed it back on the bottle and turned it upside down and some how managed to create a shower.
I slipped off my dress and hung it over the bike, and stood their waiting for Roger to give me the shower I needed.
Roger hesitated momentarily and said, "I can't do this for you without getting wet myself."
"You had better take your clothes off, too, then."
So Roger took off his t-shirt and shorts. I don't know why, but I was surprised to see his hard on pointing at me. Surprised, but pleased. I love it when he is hard. I just want to grab it.
"You like this idea, don't you, hun?" I said looking at his cock, then back up to his face.
"I think you like the idea of me showering naked at the side of the road for all to see."
His cock twitched and a massive smile fell over his face. "I love getting you naked anywhere. Especially in public where everyone can see you!"
"You ready?" he said.
"Oh yes!" I replied.
With that, Roger held up the bottle and the shower started. It was just enough for me to wash all the sand and dried salt off of me. I made sure to put on a bit of a show, rubbing my boobs and then my ass when I turned around. Made sure Roger got a good view of my ass as I bent over to wash my legs.
There was no point drying off until I had given Roger his shower. He was expecting me to hold the bottle up for him, like he did for me. But I decided to hold the bottle and wash him with my spare hand instead.
I love to caress his fit, strong body. He has the most beautiful chest. Big and manly. I made sure I got to feel it all. Then I worked my way down his stomach to his cock. Then quickly moved round to his lovely, wide, muscular back.
I washed his bottom and the backs of his legs, then moved around the front to start washing his cock again. I lowered myself down to my knees so I could wash each of his legs. His cock standing politely to attention right in front of my face.
"Does this need more washing?" I say, looking straight up into his eyes.
"Oh god, yes. Please wash it as long as you like."
"Shame, I seem to have run out of water. I guess I'll have to clean it another way!"
Keeping my eyes focused on his the whole time. I took his cock in my right hand and guided it into my mouth. And with that, Roger let out a loud moan. I know how much he loves me sucking his cock, especially in public, where anyone can watch us. Watch me being a cock slut.
I hungrily gobbled away at his lovely hard cock, stroking it into my mouth, then pulling it all the way out, and licking all the way down the shaft to his cleanly shaven balls. He loves looking down at me while I suck his balls, stroking his shaft and looking him deep in the eyes.
"Oh baby, I'm gonna cum if you keep that up."
"I want you to. I want you to shoot every drop in my mouth."
"Not till I've fucked you first."
Grabbing me by my hair, he pulled me up to his mouth and kissed me passionately. I felt him moving me backwards. Slowly he manoeuvred me into position. I didn't know where I was going, till I felt my ass touch something hard and metallic. I almost tripped over backwards. It was a car. He had pushed me towards the car that was parked near our bike.
Roger swung me round so I was now facing the car. He pushed my head forward, so I was bent over the front end of the car. He then pushed my legs apart, getting me at just the right height and angle to enter me from behind.
I was expecting him to just fuck me, so imagine my surprise when I felt his tongue working it's way down the crack of my ass to the entrance. Roger was not the first guy to ever rim me, but he was definitely the best.
His tongue was expertly licking at my hole. His hands spreading my ass cheeks wide apart to give him better access.
"Pass me a towel, hun. The car is so hot, and I want to give you what you want."
Roger ran to the bike and passed me a towel. I placed it over the bonnet of the car and leant back down on it. Resting my upper body on the car, and reached behind me to pull my cheeks open for Roger.
"Do not move. I need to take a picture of this for my wank bank."
Roger ran back again to the bike and got out his phone. Snapping away at me from all angles, till he was satisfied he had enough.
He placed the phone next to me on the car, and as soon as he did he was back between my ass cheeks. This time he had his hands to play with me, too. One hand reached up between my legs fucking me with two of his fingers, and the other reached round my left leg, and got busy teasing my love button.
In this position I always cum hard. And I always squirt. Roger loves me to cum into his mouth after he has eaten my ass, and who am I to deny him? The feeling is amazing.
Roger's tongue was sliding in and out of my open ass hole, his fingers doing the same to my pussy, and the other hand strumming my throbbing clit. I think I lasted about 60 seconds, if that, before I was screaming with pleasure and squirting my cum into Rogers open and eager mouth. It was amazing.
I had cum so many times that day that I had lost count. But I had only been fucked once. My body was shaking with pleasure, but I needed more. I needed cock. I needed a good hard fucking. And I needed it now.
Roger didn't disappoint me. He knows the signs. He knows what I need, and within seconds of my orgasm, Roger was balls deep inside my aching pussy. He began to tease me with long slow strokes, pushing the tip all the way in till I could feel it as deep as it could go, then slowly back out. All the way out, till I felt the head of his cock leave my pussy lips. Then he thrust it straight back into me. Hard and fast.
I screamed. He repeated the action, and I let out another scream. He was driving me crazy. Pulling out and slamming his hard cock into me repeatedly. Each time I screamed louder.
"Your screams have got someone's attention!" Roger said to me.
"Who?" I said.
"There is an old man watching from the side of the bushes!"
I looked up and I could see him. He was about 70 years old, but good looking. He was smartly dressed wearing a white hat, shirt and trousers. He was watching us intently, but he wasn't overtly playing with his cock as most guys would do, and have. But he was rubbing his cock through his trousers. And it was quite a big one from the shape of it.
"Let him watch. I want him to watch. I want him to see you fuck me really hard."
I started with the porn star moans and groans, and shouted out orders to Roger.
"Fuck me harder!"
"Oh god, it feels so good."
"Give him a good show!"
"Cum all over me!"
"Cum over my ass!"
That was all it took. He screamed he was going to cum. But instead of shooting his load all over my ass, he ordered me onto my knees. Who was I to disobey him in front of his audience? I turned around, and dropped to my knees.
Pulling my hair back, he shoved his cock into my open mouth. He was in the zone now. He was fucking my mouth like he really meant it. Only a few more thrusts and he pulled out and started to pump his cock into my open mouth.
Hot thick streams of cum shot into my mouth. I was amazed how much cum he had, considering he had fucked me only two hours earlier. I lapped up every drop. I love the taste of freshly produced cum.
It was so erotic being on my knees having my face fucked in front of the old man. He seemed to enjoy the show, too. But he never once said a word or tried to move closer. He just stood there watching us fucking, rubbing his crotch.
When we were finished we moved back over to our bike to get dressed. Then the funniest thing happened. The old man that had been watching us fucking on the car, got into that same car and slowly drove off, giving us a thumbs up out of the driver's window.
"Oh my god. We just fucked on that guy's car while he watched. He was too polite to ask us to stop!"
"Either that, or he enjoyed watching you get fucked over the bonnet of his car. He probably doesn't see that happen much round here."
We both fell about laughing. Still brings a smile to my face as I sit here writing this down. I wonder what he told his wife, or his friends. They probably wouldn't believe him that two strangers fucked on his car at the side of the road in broad daylight right in front of him.
We straightened ourselves out, got our stuff together and headed back into town, feeling very satisfied, and slightly amused. We turned left when we got to the road at the other end of the runway. The one where they normally come into land. There was a large crowd gathered, which normally meant a plane was due in any minute. So we decided to stick around and watch.
It was quite a sight watching this huge metal flying bird come in to land straight over our heads. You could actually see the expectant faces of all the newcomers to the island through the windows.
The last minute or so was pretty frightening, as it looks like it's going to land in the harbour itself, and onto everyone waiting there. But they skilfully managed to get it just over the fence and onto the first piece of tarmac available for their wheels to land on.
The funniest part was seeing all the idiots getting blown back into the water by the plane's engine thrust. Not to mention a few hats and other items of clothing.
With the excitement over, we headed off down the road that leads along the beautiful harbour wall. Past all the gorgeous little tavernas that serve wonderful Greek food. Past the bus stop, and along to where the ferry comes in. The carpark there was a good place to park that day as the ferry had long gone. We politely asked the guard on the gate, and he swiftly ushered us through, taking a good eyeful of my barely covered pussy as we drove past him.
I really fancied an ice cream, and there was a delightful shop that served every flavour you could possibly think of. With two large cones in hand, we set off for a walk along the harbour's edge. There were some super sized private yachts moored up, with very expensive looking staff tending to them. But there were also some smaller ones which all seemed to do day trips.
It was impossible to choose one, but we did decide we would like to do a boat trip on one of them. We would ask the hotel to recommend one once we got back there, or we'd have been there till midnight deciding.
We sat on a bench and watched the boats rock from side to side as we slowly ate our ice creams. This place really is idyllic. It's so beautiful and so romantic. We had booked into our favourite restaurant tonight, and I couldn't wait.
I had one slight problem. If we were going to go snorkelling tomorrow, I needed to buy a bikini. The only things I had to sunbathe in, were tiny g-strings. I didn't even have a bikini top, so I needed to buy one.
After a quick stroll through the town we came across a cute little boutique selling bikinis. What attracted me to them were the beautiful fluorescent colours. Bright pink, bright yellow, bright green, bright blue, you name it, they had it. So we went in.
The shop assistant was very pretty, and asked us if she could help. I explained I needed a bikini, as I only had strings. So she started to show me a selection. I picked out a few and went into the fitting room to try them on. The fitting room was in the corner of the shop, and it only had a small curtain that didn't quite fit across the entryway. Either it was open a little at one end or the other, so I gave up and got on with the business at hand. It wasn't as if I hadn't shown plenty of people my naked body already today.
As I slipped my skin tight white dress off, my mind wandered back to the beach. I remembered taking it off as slowly and seductively as possible. I remember the looks on the guys' faces when I did, and it excited me. I liked stripping for them. I hoped I could do it again.
Once naked, I stood to admire my body in the mirror. My skin was a golden brown colour now, and I also had a slightly pink triangle surrounding my pussy, where my bikini bottoms normally cover. I had caught the sun today, whilst being naked, and I liked it.
Out of the corner of my eye, I could see in the reflection of the mirror that another couple had walked into the shop. I saw the man look up and he caught my eye through the gap in the curtains. He then scanned my naked body, up and down, obviously checking out my ass, too, as it was facing him. He was very clever, making sure his girlfriend or wife had his attention when she held up a bikini, but as soon as her focus was back on the rack, his focus was back on my body.
I wondered if Roger could see him checking me out. If he could, I knew he would like it, so why not just carry on? I put on the first bikini. It was a beautiful fluorescent green colour. It felt strange to have the material covering my breasts and the bottom covering my ass. It was not too big. In fact it was really pretty on, and quite sexy.
It looked even better as I still had my wedges on, which always draws attention to my legs. So I thought I'd see how Roger liked it, and pulled the curtain back so he could get a good look.
I could see from his face that he liked it. The colour really showed off my tan. But when I turned around, he looked a little disappointed. Then he asked the assistant, "Do you have anything that is a little more sexy on the bottom?"
"Of course we do. We have string bikinis, that would show all of her bottom, or we have a Brazilian half bikini, which shows a little less," she said.
"What does the Brazilian bikini look like?" I asked.
"I think it's perfect for you. It's not a thong, but somewhere in between. I think your husband will like it, too."
So I asked her to get one for me to try on. This time she brought one in a fluorescent pink. The bikini bottom looked the same at the front, with a tie at each side, but the back was puckered in the centre, and half the size of a full bikini. I had high hopes.
I stepped back into the fitting room, and pulled the curtain across again, this time leaving it a little more open than the before. I wanted my new admirer to be able to see everything.
Off came my top, exposing my breasts again, and then I slid off the green bottom. I again had the man's attention. Unfortunately for him, I had all his attention, and his girlfriend noticed, and proceeded to slap him on the arm. My fun wasn't completely over, but I knew he couldn't watch me like he was before.
I slipped on the pink Brazilian bikini. It was love at first site. The top had smaller triangles than the other bikini, so a lot more of my breasts would get to see sunlight. The bikini bottom looked just like my other thongs from the front, but the back was really sexy. The puckering of the material made the bikini slip into the crack of my ass, accentuating the cheeks of my butt. It was perfect. I just needed the approval of Roger now, but I really didn't see that as a problem, and that was confirmed as I pulled back the curtain again and turned around for him to see the front and back.
"Oh my god, Liz, that is amazing. It looks like it's been sprayed on you. I love it! Do you like it?"
I replied, "I love it, too. Do you think it will be ok for the boat trip?"
"Who cares!! I don't think you will have any complaints!"
Just then, the girl whose boyfriend had been watching me behind the curtain came up to me. "It is a very beautiful bikini. You should buy it. My boyfriend can not take his eyes off of you!"
"Thank you. You should get one, too," I said.
"But I do not have a body like yours!" she protested.
"You have a gorgeous body." And with that, I asked the assistant to find one for her.
I went back behind the curtain, barely pulling it across at all now. I removed the pink bikini, and pulled my white dress back over my head.
While we were paying for my bikini, the other girl stepped out from behind the curtain in exactly the same bikini. She looked stunning. She had much bigger breasts and ass than me, which made the bikini look even smaller. Both Roger and her boyfriend were having a really good gorp at her lovely body, and I couldn't blame them.
"I told you it would look good on you! You look fantastic. My husband can not take his eyes off of you now," I gushed.
And with that statement, she smiled, satisfied she had gained some ground back in the sexy stakes.
"I'll take it!" she said. Then she came over, kissed me on the cheek and said, "Thank you."
I didn't think her boyfriend would have wandering eyes when she wore that to the beach the next day, that's for sure.
So as soon as we were done, we headed off back to the hotel to freshen up and head out for the evening. It had been quite a tiring day, so we didn't dare stop, or we wouldn't have made it out again. That didn't mean I wasn't going to make an effort. I had just the dress for tonight, and I knew Roger would love it.
It was a bright blue skin tight mini dress, with even a hint of cleavage. I loved it because it held everything in the perfect place, and showed everything I had. I had a gorgeous pair of heels that matched, but they were too high to walk into town in, so we were going to have to get a taxi there and back. 'Car to bar' shoes, as my friend calls them. But I knew they would get a lot of attention. Especially from Roger.
He was sitting and patiently waiting on the balcony having a nice cold beer, when I finally announced I was ready.
"Wowza. You're gonna turn some heads tonight, babe, in that dress. I can't wait to get you out there and show you off! Is it ok if I take a few shots before we leave? I want to remember this."
I love it when he wants to take pictures. It means he thinks I look horny, and that means we are in for a good night. I did a few poses, some for the family album, and a few more risqué ones for Roger's private album.
When I grabbed the hem of the dress and pulled it up to show Roger my bare ass, I was quite surprised when he said I needed to put some panties on!
"But why? You love it when I wear no panties!"
"Because I have a little present for you, and you will need to wear panties if you want to use it!" he replied with a sexy little smirk.
So, I scurried off to find a tiny pair of thong panties that I hoped wouldn't show under the dress, and think I found the perfect pair. I was just about to put them on, when Roger called me over.
"Let me look at those first!" And after further inspection, he declared them fit for purpose, and slipped a tiny item into the gusset. It was no bigger than half of my small finger, and cylindrical like a bullet. In fact it looked a lot like a bullet, except it was bright pink.
Roger then handed me back my panties to put on. Once I did he slid his hand into them to adjust the pink bullet, so it was in just the right place. I could feel it between my pussy lips. This was going to be an interesting evening!