Around midnight, I pulled into a gas station in Joplin, Missouri to fill up for the last time before reaching our destination. I reached over and gently fondled Sarah's breasts to rouse her.
"Hey love, do you need anything? Need a pit stop," I asked as she barely left her slumber.
"Where are we?"
"We're in Joplin. We have a little over three hours to go."
Saying nothing, she turned slightly and fell back asleep. I quietly exited, and filled up with gas. I took my receipt, and got back in to finish the last leg of our journey. Sarah felt the car move again, and stirred just long enough to find my hand. I guess touching me to some degree helped her sleep, since she typically holds my dick in her mouth to accomplish that. I would have welcomed that, but there's no way that was possible in the car.
It was about 3:30 AM when we arrived in the small town just across the river from where we were about to start our new lives. There's a couple of hotels there where we could crash for a few hours before meeting the agent in the morning to sign the papers, and make the ownership transfer complete. I chose the Best Western Select, which appeared to be the nicest of what the town has to offer. I left Sarah to sleep as I went in to get the room figured out. It was nice enough, so it was on. I returned to the car where my beautiful sister slept. I gently opened the rear door and found her discarded sweatpants. I then opened her door, and leaned in to suckle her firm breasts while I unbuckled her.
Pausing from that delicious treat, I said, "good morning, love. We're here."
She snapped awake; I think she was expecting us to be at our new home. She seemed disappointed when she realized she was flooded with light, clearly not emanating from our home.
"I'm sorry, sweetheart," I told her. "Tomorrow everything will be done, and I will take you home."
I held out her sweats, and offered them to her. She frowned at me, clearly not wanting to dress. I reached for her hoodie, which she did accept, and welcomed my helping her into it. She lazily exited the car and stood beside me awaiting further. I zipped her hoodie just enough to keep her gorgeous breasts from being exposed. It only barely covered her ass, and would only hide her pussy if she kept her hands in the pockets.
"Good enough," I thought to myself, and took her hand and led her inside. The clerk just glanced at us, then went about her business, apparently not even noticing my sister's state of undress. We got to our room, and I held the door open for Sarah. She immediately plopped down on the bed, clearly still tired. I unzipped and removed her hoodie. She rolled over to the other side of the bed so I could pull the covers down, then rolled back and snuggled in, letting me tuck her in. I turned and went to the bathroom to wash my face, in an attempt to rid it of road weariness.
"Fuck," I cursed aloud. I had left my laptop and phone in the car, and I would need it in the morning to get in touch with the agent. I dried my face and hands, the returned to the car to get my things. I grabbed the duffel, too, just in case. When I got back, Sarah was sitting up on the bed with a concerned look on her face.
"What's wrong," I asked.
"Where did you go? I thought you were mad, and left for some reason," she replied, small tears in her eyes.
I dropped everything and went to sit beside her. "No, sweetheart. I just forgot my phone and computer." I took her in my arms and consoled her. "I would never leave you, baby girl. Not for any reason ever, ok?"
She nodded, and lay her head on my shoulder. I didn't mean to have it seem that I abandoned her. She heard me curse, and figured I was upset. I kissed her head, and wrapped her tightly in my arms.
"I love you, my sweet," I whispered. She snuggled closer to me and took my hand. She placed it on her breast, and let out a sigh as she move her hand away from mine. She wanted me to touch her. I sat there with her for the longest time, letting my fingers graze over her bare breasts. I bounced her nipples, pressing them downward with my finger, then letting them bounce back up. I cupped her full breasts in my hand, lifted them, and gently let them back down. I wanted to suck her tits so bad, but wanted even more to make sure she was good in knowing that I wasn't going to leave her. She was. She was just super tired from being on the road, and not sleeping well in the car.
"Can we go to bed now," she asked quietly.
"Of course we can, sweetheart. I'm just enjoying touching you."
She smiled at me and said, "lay with me. Hold me, and you can keep touching me."
I lay her back on the bed, shed my clothes, and climbed in beside her. It certainly wasn't our bed, but it would do for now. I lay on my side, and Sarah scooted back against me, laying her head on my shoulder. I draped my free arm over her warm body, and felt for her breasts again. Her arm lay in front of her as I casually toyed with her tits again. I left them, and ran my hand down her body. I came to her ass, and gently lifted the upper cheek, and scooted in closer to her, letting my cock rest between them. I quickly grew hard, and started lubricating her crack. As my hand made its way back up, I started careless humping actions, spreading natures lubricant all over her ass crack, and against her anus. I ran my fingers through her hair, and leaned in to kiss her shoulder. I planted little kisses on her back and shoulders and went back to playing with her supple breasts. I noted that her nipples were hard, and she was starting to match my humping motions.
"Go inside me, please," my sister whispered, not moving her upper body. We were perfectly positioned for me to enter her ass, so I worked towards it without touching myself. I wanted to move my rigid snake around the flesh pillows, and let it find its own way, driving Sarah crazy along the way. Her hips moved in such a way as to help me. Finally, my tip touched her puckered little bud. I pushed gently, and waited for her to fully relax and let me inside. Slowly, a millimeter at a time, I fed my cock up into her hungry anus. Sarah remained motionless as my one-eyed monster invaded her bowels. My balls finally touched her cheeks, but I kept pressing, wanting to get as deep inside my sister's ass as I possibly could. I pressed to the hilt, and just held it there. I felt her body throbbing as I invaded her hole. I pulled firmly on her breasts, making as much contact with her as I could, and started to slowly pump in and out of her ass. I let go of her only long enough to look down to see where we connected. Seeing my huge dick pumping my sister's ass was an amazing and erotic site.
I pushed against Sarah, encouraging her to roll over face down. She got the hint, and started to roll. I followed, not letting my cock leave her perfectly shaped ass. Now astraddle of her, she lay flat and allowed me to completely ravish her behind. Wanting that contact, I lay fully on her, and kissed her shoulders as my hips thrust into her tight little booty hole. I couldn't help but think of how lucky I was to have such a perfectly beautiful sister who wanted me to put my cock in her ass.
"I'm going to cum, J," Sarah panted. "Keep fucking me. Make me cum."
Encouraged, I fucked her ass a little faster. Not harder, just faster. I raised myself up in a pushup position, and fucked my little sister's butt. Her ass tightened around me, and she cried out as she came.
"Fuck me, big brother! Give me your load! Cum in my ass, please. I'm begging you, cum inside me," she cried out.
"Oh yes, yes, yes, yes..." she cried as she came. Her orgasm clinched her ass so hard, I thought for a second that she was going to push me out of her.
I fought through it, and replied, "here it comes, sweet girl. I'm going to cum in you."
"Give it to me," she panted.
So I did. I kept humping her fast, my body flinching with every ribbon of semen I used to paint her insides. Her orgasm sustained until I have finished cumming in her ass. I collapsed on top of her back again, a little bit sweaty. I caught my breath and held my penis firmly inside of her ass. I felt her flexing her kegels as I was planted in her. It definitely kept me from going soft.
"I love you, Sarah," I said, as I again kissed her back and shoulders.
Assuming she would tire from my weight, I rolled off of her to lie beside her, dragging my dripping penis across her ass cheeks. Sarah rolled over and swung a leg over me. She kissed me passionately for a bit before lying on my arm again, leaving her leg draped over me. She snuggled in, and got comfortable, thinking she would go to sleep now. I knew better.
Before long, I heard her whisper, "J?"
"Yea, baby?"
"I can't sleep."
"I'm sorry..."
"Will you help me to sleep?"
"Of course, precious. I'm all yours."
Sarah quickly disappeared beneath the covers. In moments, she had her head laying on my lower abdomen and my sticky, wet penis in her warm mouth. She sucked me just like a pacifier, forcing me in and out from between her lips. As difficult as it was, I focused on sleeping. I knew she would be out soon if I came in her mouth or not. Right now, I was only interested in sleeping with my sister. My cock softened, but stayed in my sister's mouth. It was only minutes before she fell sound asleep. Sleep found me shortly thereafter, and we were as we had been, and had been become our way of life. Sister and brother, naked in bed together, sister sucking brother's penis as a pacifier to help her sleep. All night, Sarah kept my cock between her lips. Her tongue rested against its head as she slept soundly.
I woke around 9:30 to Sarah's mouth moving on my cock. She was subconsciously sucking me the same way she did to go to sleep. Being awake now, it swelled in her warm, moist mouth, and pressed its way deeper into it. I reached down and started stroking her hair, and at the same time, started gently thrusting myself into her mouth, fucking it as she slept. In short time, she started to stir awake. She kept sucking me, but reached up to cup my balls, now coherent and aware of her surroundings. She raised up on her elbow, and really went to town. She took my rigid member all the way into her mouth, then slowly slid her way back up to the head. Back and forth, allowing me fully into her eager throat. My sister turned in a way where she could look up at me as she sucked my cock. I lay there watching her with one arm behind my head. I smiled at her, and her eyes smiled back at me. As our eyes locked, Sarah raised up onto her knees, and sucked me with renewed vigor. Now, I could look down past where my cock was planted inside of her mouth, and was able to admire her amazing breasts as they hung beneath her, their nipples resting gently on my thighs. The site of my naked sister was too much, and I started spewing forth my creamy goodness into her hungry mouth. Sarah stopped her fucking motions, and just sucked, as I fed her all I had in me. She applied gentle suction until the streams stopped, and I had given her my all. With an audible gulp, she swallowed my cum down, having received a high-protein breakfast shake from her brother's penis.
"Can we go home now," Sarah asked, crawling up to lie beside me, her nipples dragging up the length of my body.
Taking her into my arms, I replied, "yes, love. We can go home now."
We kissed briefly, and got out of bed. I watched as she stretched, and adored the beauty of her nudity. I watched in awe as her perfect ass swayed towards the bathroom, my cock again rising to fully erect.
"Damn, she's sexy," I thought to myself.
She disappeared into the bathroom, and I heard the shower start.
"Are you coming," she beckoned.
"Absolutely," I replied, not wanting to miss the opportunity to touch her naked body.
I hopped up, and my bobbing cock led me to the shower to join my sister.
"I smell like a lake," she said, wrinkling her nose so cute.
"But you're beautiful, my sexy woman of the lake," I joked. She truly was beautiful, and I'd have fucked her no matter how she smelled.
She smiled, and took my hand as we stepped into the shower together. I hugged her tight as the warm water cascaded over our bodies. Our lips met, and my hands ran down her wet backside to her perfect ass. I squeezed her cheeks in my hands, and lifted her up slightly. Her breasts pressed into my chest, and my cock slipped between her thighs, the length resting between her moist folds. Letting her back down, I stepped back, which caused my cock to just barely enter her pussy. Sarah drew in a deep breath as the contact stimulated her cunt. I reached for the bottle of her perfumed wash, and began to lather up her body. I lovingly washed every inch of her, thoroughly stimulated just by touching her. My cock throbbed as I ran my hands over her shoulders, and down her back. It dripped precum as I cleaned ass, making sure to get between her cheeks and legs. I made my way down her supple legs to her feet, her hand resting on my head to steady herself as she lifted each for me. She turned, and I worked my way up the front of her body. Before I washed her pussy, I gave it a few licks. I covered it with my mouth, and stuck my tongue up inside of her steamy snatch. I licked her sweet pussy while I continued to lather her legs. I finally cleaned that delicious hole, even though I could eat it like it was all day. I soaped up her tummy while I sucked her perfect nipples, and ran my tongue around her perky breasts. I worked my way up, and even washed her beautiful face. She had the most adorable look on her face as she basked in the sensation of my touch. At last, I nudged her under the water to wet her hair, and gave her a thorough shampoo and scalp massage. Her breasts heaved, and her breath was long and drawn out as I poured my love out onto her body.
Sarah leaned her head back to let her hair rinse. She was still in overwhelming bliss, and just stood motionless as the suds cascaded down her body. As quickly as I could, I washed myself, keeping an eye on her to make sure she wasn't going to collapse. I joined her under the spray, and together we rinsed. I took her in my arms and held her close to me. Our eyes locked. Her mouth was agape, and it seemed that she had not know such bliss from just being washed.
"I love you," Sarah told me strongly and confidently.
"I love you, too, precious Sarah," I replied.
She just stared at me, not knowing how to respond to how her body felt at this moment.
"Are you ready to go home," I asked, the question itself seeming to snap her back into reality.
She just nodded, and reached for the faucet. Still not quite herself, I stepped out and grabbed a towel. I carefully dabbed water from her body until dry, then wrapped her hair in the towel. I helped her out of the shower just before drying myself. She just stood watching in awe and wonder. She finally came out of her trance when I put her toothbrush in her hand, and gestured that she finish up.
"I looked at my phone earlier," I began. "It's thirty-nine degrees outside. I'm sorry, but you really should put your sweats on."
"Ok," she replied, barely audible.
"It's ok, love," I told her, kissing her on the cheek and squeezing her little bum. "Soon, you'll be home, and can undress again," I promised.
I watched as my little sister pulled sweatpants over her naked legs, and pulled them up around her waist. She then donned a hoodie, zipping it just enough to conceal her flushed breasts. She looked incredibly sexy. Sarah waited somewhat impatiently as I dressed and gathered our things. Now that she was fully awake, she was ready to get to our new home. Too late for hotel breakfast, we were going to have to stop by McDonalds or something.
I took Sarah's hand, and we checked out and headed for the parking lot. As the blast of cool air hit us, Sarah winced.
"I wasn't expecting that," she said, visibly shivering.
"It's that time of year, love. It gets colder, and it snows a lot, too."
"I'm kind of looking forward to that," she replied. "Does our house have a fireplace? Will you teach me how to make a fire?"
"Yes, it does, and yes, I will teach you that and so much more."
Sarah smiled broadly as I opened her door to let her into the car. She was growing more excited by the minute. I buckled her in, and went to join her. We stopped and got a quick breakfast sandwich, the drove to the realtor's office. Sarah joined me for the meeting. This was going to be official, with both of our signatures on the documents. We were going to do this together from start to finish.
"Hello, Mr. Smith," the agent greeted, shaking my hand. "And is this lovely lady your wife?"
"She is very lovely," I replied, "but she's my sister. She will be signing as co-owner on the purchase."
The agent had no inclination that we were lovers, as we were focused more on the purchase than each other at the moment. We didn't give off any air that we were lovers, so there was no reason to suspect it. Other than my sister's tits being almost exposed, there was nothing to say that we were involved sexually.
There were flags next to everywhere Sarah and I were to sign, and we sat at a large table with the documents spread before us. I signed as appropriate, then passed each to Sarah for her signature. She beamed as she signed, looking forward to what was to come.
"Ok," said the agent. "It looks like you're not financing, so all that's left is the wire transfer."
"Already in queue," I told her, taking out my phone. I made the last few clicks, and transferred the money, officially closing the deal. The agent reached out to hand me keys, but Sarah put her hand out to take them. Taking Sarah's hand, she showed us which keys were what.
"This one is for the house, which you're going to love. It's a huge log structure, two and one-half story with a full walkout finished basement. This one is for the gate to the adjacent property."
Already aware of the house, I knew what we were looking at. I thought to myself that I was going to dig up the drive to the adjacent property, and make it accessible from the first plot only, so that there was only one way in to our property.
Shaking with excitement now, Sarah's smile widened. My beautiful sister was ready to occupy our new forever home. I thanked the agent and shook her hand again. She handed me my copies of all of the paperwork, and we were on our way. When we got to the car, I opened Sarah's door. She turned and hugged me tightly, and thanked me for doing this for her.
"Oh, baby girl. It's for us. You're my princess forever, and you'll live with me in our castle."
She smiled again, and climbed into the car. I leaned in and kissed her erotically, our tongues dancing in each other's mouths. I unzipped her hoodie, spreading it apart to fully expose her perfect breasts. I touched her nipples, noting that the cool air had them quite stiff. Breaking our embrace, I buckled her in securely. As I made my way around to my side, I glanced toward the realtor's office, and noticed that the agent had been watching us. She stood there in clear amazement, having just watched brother and sister in erotic display. I just smiled, and got in.
"Ok, love. We're going to need supplies. We need food and stuff. Do you want to shop now, or come back to town later. Keep in mind that it's about a thirty minute drive from town to our house."
"Can we come back later," she asked. "I want to see it. Also, maybe there are things we need, too, and we don't have a list."
Admiring her logical thinking, I agreed. I started the car, and off we went. No sooner than we started out, Sarah slipped her hoodie off and tossed it in the back seat. Next, she kicked off her sandals, and pulled her sweatpants down and off, and tossed them as well. I watched in complete awe and wonder as my sister stripped in the car beside me.
"The sun is high, so the temperature is bearable," she said out of nowhere. "And I want to start getting used to the weather."
I wasn't about to argue, since seeing my sister's naked body on display all the time was a pure joy for me. I just smiled and took her hand, and watched as she stared intently out the windshield to see where we were going. I stole glances at her bare tits bouncing as we navigated the country roads.
"It's so beautiful out here," Sarah said, admiring the canopy of trees over the roads.
"It's perfect, isn't it," I replied.
She leaned on the console towards me, and grasped my hand in both of hers. We finally reached our driveway, a mile-long gravel road winding through woods and pasture from the two-lane county road.
"Welcome home, my love," I said, as we turned onto our drive.
"This is all ours," she inquired.
"Yes, and so much more. This is just one end of it. It spreads far and wide," I told her, gesturing at the hills across golden pastures.
A chill went through her body as we continued up the road. After crossing a creek and climbing a small hill, the first glimpses of our house came into view. Sarah audibly gasped as she took it in, seeing the beautiful log home sitting atop a hill overlooking a small pasture area that would essentially be our yard. It was tucked under some trees to the back and the west end. I drove up to the carport and parked the car.
"Oh J," Sarah said. "It's perfect!"
"Wait until you see the inside," I replied, opening my door to get out.
Sarah sat looking around at everything as I made my way around to help my beautiful vixen out of the car. Taking my hand, Sarah turned in her seat. I couldn't help but notice that my sister's pussy glistened with excited moisture as she spread her legs before me. She stepped down, her bare feet making first contact with our new property. I lead her towards the door, noting that she wasn't even watching where we were going. She was just in awe of her new surroundings, and was taking everything in.
"Watch your step, baby girl. We'll go exploring later."
Focusing now, we reached the front door. Sarah watched excitedly as I turned the key and opened the door. As it swung open, she cautiously leaned forward to peer inside, that perfect smile never leaving her face.
"Shall we, my princess?" I stepped towards her and bent to pick her up. I had carried her across the threshold of my house before, but this one was ours together, so the sentiment was different. She put her arm around my neck, and I picked her up. Carefully, I stepped inside and gently set her down on her feet in the kitchen. I took that beautiful naked nymph in my arms.
"Welcome home, my love," I told her again, kissing her deeply.
Tears streamed down her face as she was overcome with joy.
"Thank you, J. I love you so very much. Thank you for doing this for us."
"I hope you love it, Sarah."
"I do. I love it so much. It's just perfect!"
Hand in hand, we walked around the house. We opened doors and just checked everything out. I listened intently as my sister made plans for what to do with every space.
"Can we get some plants to put here? Ooh, let's put 'such and such' here! Wouldn't this be perfect for 'whatever?' Oh, look at the fireplace! It's huge!"
She was so excited to make this house our home. I had full intention of letting her do as she pleased. I knew that whatever she did would be perfect for us.
"Baby," I started. "I need to make some calls, and get our stuff up here, unless you want to go back to pack."
"I have everything I need here," she replied. "I have you."
I smiled, and kissed her, letting my tongue linger in her mouth.
"Can you call Vanessa and see if she'll manage the move for us then? We need someone we can trust to make sure everything gets packed and loaded, and someone needs to let the movers in."
"Yes! I'll go get my phone."
I watched as my sister's delicious ass bounced away as she headed back outside for the car. I followed closely to get mine as well. We walked to the three-quarter wrap around deck, phones in hand. As I fumbled with mine looking for reliable movers, I saw my sister lean on her elbows onto the deck railing. I half paid attention to the conversation she was having with Vanessa, telling her all about the trip and the new place. Her bent over body was so inviting. She was in the perfect position for me to just walk up and mount her. As I dialed the number for the place that had moved Sarah's things when she moved in with me, I silently started stripping. I shed my clothes and left them lying on the floor of the deck. My cock throbbed at the site of my nude sister leaning over the railing with her ass out towards me.
As the phone started ringing, I stepped in behind Sarah, leaving a trail of precum from where I had been standing. She was engrossed in conversation, and really didn't expect anything, and her conversation took a noted pause when I slipped my cock into her waiting pussy.
At the same time the moving place answered, I bottomed out in my sister's hungry twat. I held myself deep inside of her quivering quim, and told the movers what I needed; when, where, all the details. I overheard Sarah tell Vanessa that I just stuck my cock in her, and that it feels so good. With my penis remaining planted in my sister's vagina, I finished all that was needed for the movers, and she carried on her conversation with Vanessa.
I placed my phone on the railing, and wrapped my arms around my sister. One hand reached up under her to cup her hanging breasts, while the other went to work on her clit. I openly started pumping myself into her now, thrusting into her sopping cunt as I diddled her clit.
"He's fucking me now," I heard her tell Vanessa.
"She wants to watch," Sarah told me.
I laughed a bit, and said, "FaceTime her, then."
I heard Sarah tell Vanessa to hang on, then she hung up. My pounding into her made it difficult to pull up FaceTime and dial Vanessa back, but she pulled it off. I watched over Sarah's shoulder as Vanessa came into view. The first thing she saw was my sister biting her bottom lip, a look of pure lust on her face. No words were spoken as I banged my sister from behind, my balls slapping her as I pumped myself into her. Vanessa pulled her tits out, and started toying with them as she watched us fuck. She saw me capture both of Sarah's tits in my hands and press them together. The video was electric. I hadn't been able to see her face before when fucking her from behind, and it turned me on immensely. Over and over I fucked my sister's welcoming pussy, watching both hers and Vanessa's breasts on the screen of her phone.
"Let me see him do you," Vanessa said.
Sarah reached down and held the phone between her legs so her friend could see my cock thrusting into her steamy snatch. Sarah's pussy dripped onto the phone, and I heard Vanessa exclaim that she couldn't see anymore. Her juice landed on the lens, obscuring our union from her view. Sarah pulled the phone back up and licked her juices off of it before returning it to its original front-view.
"Oh god, I'm going to cum," Sarah cried.
"Oh, please let me see," Vanessa pleaded.
I took the phone and held it beneath Sarah. I fucked her hard and fast, and felt her cunt grip my cock tightly. With my free hand, I pummeled Sarah's clit to push her over the edge, and she came. Vanessa watched intently as Sarah's pussy sprayed forth its heavenly nectar. Feeling her juices cover me and splash at our feet pushed me over the edge. I moved the phone to where Vanessa could see me pull out. She watched as I took my cock in my hand, and jerked it as streams of cum spewed from its tip onto Sarah's ass. She reached back and spread her cheeks, allowing me to cum directly on her puckered little hole. I kept the phone pointed there, letting Vanessa see every shot of cum deposited on my sister's rectum.
As the blasts subsided, I pressed the tip of my cock right against Sarah's hole, and finished cumming. When I was done, I let me cock rest there briefly before applying a bit of pressure. Sarah relaxed, but raised herself to where she was standing almost straight up. Vanessa watched as I used my penis to push copious amounts of cum up into my sister's delicious ass. Once the head popped in, I pushed to the hilt all the way into Sarah's ass. There was ample lubrication, given the amount of cum I had sprayed her with, and the never-ending flow of precum. Vanessa was clearly playing with her pussy out of view as she watched my butt fuck my sister. I handed the phone back to Sarah, who just watched Vanessa as I pumped her ass. It wasn't long before I needed to cum again. With a few final thrusts, I held myself about half-way up Sarah's ass. I felt her muscle milking my cock, and I deposited another load in her tush.
"He's cumming in my butt," she told Vanessa. "God, it feels so good."
Once finished, I pulled my cock out of my sister's ass. She immediately sank to her knees to clean me up, and took my still-erect penis into her mouth. Vanessa watched as my sister lovingly cleaned my dick with her mouth. Satisfied, she released me, and stood to finish her conversation with Vanessa. I watched as she lazily paced back and forth across the deck, showing Vanessa the house and land. My cum and her juices glistened on her body in the sun. She was in no hurry to clean herself off, and was happy to be wearing my slippery cock juices all over her backside.
Finally wrapping up, Sarah hung up and turned to see me admiring her.
"I'm hungry," she told me, walking back towards the door. I followed closely behind.
"Let's get you cleaned up and head back to town. If we're going to stay here until our stuff arrives, we're going to need some supplies."
Sarah agreed excitedly, and went to find our master suite again. It's a huge bedroom, big enough to be a living room in most houses, with an attached bathroom, complete with a large walk-in shower and a jacuzzi that would undoubtedly see a lot of use. I grabbed our towels, and followed my sister. We took a quick, hot shower just to rinse the spent sex from our bodies, and headed out. Sarah wore her flimsy dress and hoodie, assuming she'd be able to acclimate to the cool air. It was early afternoon, so there was time left before it started cooling down again.
In the car, Sarah lifted the front of her dress and leisurely played with her pussy. Once again, I got to enjoy her unrestrained tits bouncing with the movement of the car as we navigated down our gravel road. I kept stealing glances at Sarah, lovingly watching her as she again took in the scenery of the country roads. It really is beautiful out here, and I'm so glad to be away from the constant sweltering heat of the south.
Our first stop was for a quick bite to eat. We were facing at least a couple of hours of shopping for supplies, so it would be a while before we could get back home for a proper meal. We stopped at Panera to get sandwiches, and the guy at the counter couldn't take his eyes off of my gorgeous sister. She paid him no attention as he openly sought to catch a glimpse of her nudity beneath her dress. Her hoodie was pushed back off of her shoulders a bit, so her barely covered breasts were on display. If you stared long enough, you could definitely make out her nipples, as they poked firmly against the thin fabric. She knew she was teasing him, and loved every second of it.
We sat across from each other, and ate casually.
"Damn, you're beautiful," I told Sarah.
"You like my dress?"
"I love it, but would love to see more of you."
I hadn't really intended for her to show me more with that comment, but she did. Resting one elbow on the table, she continued to eat her sandwich. With her other hand, she reached up and pulled her dress down, fully exposing her breasts to me. She winked at me, and sat exposed while she ate. Our eyes met as we dined, but as was expected of me, I kept watching her fine tits move with every movement of her body. She was so incredibly sexy. I felt her foot come up between my legs as she still kept her eyes on me. Scooting down in her seat, she pressed it against my erect cock. She wiggled her foot to push up the leg of my shorts, and was able to get my rigid penis to pop free. Fortunately, her back was to the counter, so what was happening wasn't really visible. My barely-dressed sister was rubbing my cock with her bare foot under the table. Slowly, she slid it up and down, coating me with my precum. People in the drive-through would have been able to see had they looked, but no one did. Sarah finished eating, and sat with her arms folded on the table in front of her. She just stared lovingly at me from across the table, and had a devilish grin on her face. She continued gently rubbing my penis with her foot, coaxing more and more of my slippery fluids from within me.
"We should really get going," I said, clearing my throat.
Sarah just smiled, and slipped her sticky foot back in her sandal. I tucked my turgid rod back into my shorts, gathered our waste, and got rid of it while my sister tucked her fantastic, heaving breasts back away. Sarah looked down at my wet crotch and just smiled broadly.
"You're so mean," I teased, lightly smacking her bottom.
She just giggled, and bounced towards the car. After securing her inside, we headed off to WalMart. Nothing fancy, we just needed to get some supplies and groceries. We hadn't made a list, so we were up against a long period of browsing to make sure we had all we needed to survive a week or so until our things arrived from Texas. We hit housewares first, and picked up some cheap cookware and utensils. At least we could cook until our good stuff got here. We were both in super happy and excited moods, and we actively teased each other as we browsed. Sarah kept bending over at her waist to look at things on bottom shelves, or at least that's what she pretended to do. Every time she did, her moist slit came into view.
"Sarah..."
"Yes," she replied, knowing exactly what she was doing to me.
"Um, I'm going to need to cover this up," I said, pointing to my boner protruding from my shorts. I have a significant tent going, and my shorts were getting wetter by the second, almost to the point where they were going to start dripping onto the floor if I didn't do something soon. "Can I have your hoodie to tie around my waist?"
Quickly and eagerly, she pulled her hoodie off and handed it to me. She bent over again, smiling, as I tied it around me to conceal my penis and absorb some of my slippery juices. I stepped up and poked two fingers into Sarah's pussy, causing her to scream out in shock. She quickly stood straight up, and I withdrew my fingers from within her.
"That's for teasing me," I told her.
"Well if that's what I get, I'll do it some more," she teased. "Everything ok down there," she asked, looking down at my crotch.
"It's fine," I told her, "but your hoodie is going to be ruined."
"I can wash it!"
We went back to browsing, picking up more towels and things. Not having a bed here yet, we stopped by sporting goods and got an air mattress and a couple of sleeping bags. Sarah sashayed around the store, waving her perfect ass at me. For the life of me, I couldn't convince my penis to go down, so I just accepted that it was going to be that way for awhile. I needed to cum badly. We turned a corner into an aisle with decorative junk and some candles, and it quickly drew Sarah's attention. She immediately spotted some things that would certainly make our country house a home. I did a thorough search, and found no cameras trained on this particular spot, so I seized the opportunity.
I stepped close behind Sarah, and gently slid my hand up under her dress, her ass cheeks in my palms. I whispered into her ear.
"I'm going to fuck you now."
I saw her cheeks swell with a smile. "In my ass?"
"If that's what the lady wants," I replied.
She nodded. I pulled the hoodie off, and dropped it on our cart. I stole a quick glance around again, then pulled the waistband of my shorts down. I lifted Sarah's dress, and pushed my soaked cock between her cheeks, resting the tip against her puckered hole. I felt her draw in her breath, and relax her bum, and I pushed my way into her hot body. Letting her get used to being filled, we just stood together, and she collected herself.
"Can you follow me," she asked.
"Sure; I think so," I replied.
We fumbled around a bit, but soon got into a rhythm. She wanted to keep walking down this aisle with my penis up her butt. We took a few steps, and stopped in front of a display of mirrors. Finally, I saw her face. She was flushed, her cheeks burning red with desire, her bottom lip firmly clamped between her teeth. I caught her eyes in the reflection, and started ramming her bottom full of cock. I reached up and slipped the flimsy strap off of her shoulder, and exposed her right tit. Capturing it in my hand, I solidly fucked my sister's ass, watching the expressions on her face the whole while. Her eyes closed in erotic bliss as I violated her. I raised my free hand to her other breast, and held on tight to both as I pumped into her. I felt my balls tighten, and quietly grunted that I was going to cum inside of her. She just nodded, never opening her eyes.
At that moment, a younger woman turned the corner into the same aisle. Our cart was between us and her, so she couldn't immediately tell that I had my penis jammed firmly inside my sister's bottom. I casually slipped Sarah's strap back up onto her shoulder, and pulled the cart a little closer to us. It looked as though we were just lovers looking carefully at products on the shelf. In reality, Sarah's tight ass was flexing, and pushing me over the edge. The woman stood within inches of our cart, perusing different decorative goodies. Sarah's ass kept milking me. As the stranger passed by us, not paying us any attention, I erupted. I grunted audibly as I began to coat my sister's rectum with hot, sticky semen. The woman glanced our direction and made eye contact upon hearing me grunt, so I played if off by coughing and clearing my throat. She turned away, and left the aisle. As soon as the coast was again clear, I started humping Sarah's butthole again, intensifying my orgasm, and allowing me to finish dumping my load in her ass. I felt her clinch tightly as I withdrew, causing the last dribbles of cum to be retained in her bottom.
Once I had withdrawn, I stepped back. I tucked my still hard penis back into my shorts, and Sarah's dress fell back into place. I tied the hoodie around myself again, and we resumed shopping as though nothing had just happened.
"My pussy is so wet now," Sarah whispered as she selected a few things from the shelves.
"I promise, I'll take good care of it later," I told her, kissing her lips.
We made our way to the grocery section.
"Um, J," Sarah started. "I think we're going to need another cart for the groceries."
We had indeed filled one with necessities, but were definitely going to need another for groceries.
"I'll be back, love. Meet me in the paper goods."
I left her alone to go get a cart, and returned as promised. We got paper plates, towels, and toilet paper, and searched for random things that we'd need permanently, as well as what we had to have temporarily. We got cleaning supplies and other household goods just to make sure we had everything we need. Finally, we started getting food. We got some steaks and chicken, and a wealth of other things we typically enjoy, then stopped to get some wine and beer. We stopped at one point in the alcohol aisle, and when Sarah bent over, I noted that her pussy was literally dripping, her heavenly nectar literally running down her legs. I ran my palm up between her thighs, and licked her sweet fluids from my hands. It was just enough to conceal the flow, at least for a little while.
"I told you I was wet," she smirked, as she watched me lick her juices from my hand.
"We're almost done, and again, I promise I'll take care of that as soon as I can."
Last stop, health and beauty. We both needed to get body wash and a few things to hold us over. We quickly made our way there, and got what we needed. It seemed to take forever in the checkout, but it was understandable with all we had collected. Sarah was fidgeting impatiently. She crossed her legs to keep from leaking any more fluids, but as soon as she uncrossed, the accumulated fluids ran down her legs to her knees. Her pussy needed to be fucked soon, and I knew she wasn't going to wait until we got home. She kept looking at me, lust in her eyes, silently begging me to take her. She looked so beautiful, sexy, and innocent as her hornless had her pussy on full arousal.
Finally through the checkout, we headed towards the car, each of us pushing a cart. I followed behind, and saw that she was so wet that it was approaching her ankles. As quickly as I could, I unloaded everything into the car. Sarah was completely unable to do anything in her state of arousal. She stood chewing her lip, and dancing as though she needed to pee. When I started on the second cart, she opened her door. As I continued working, I watched as she pulled her dress up over her head. She then bent over, completely naked, and used her dress to wipe her juices from her feet to her dripping snatch. She then folded it neatly, keeping the juices on the inside, and placed it carefully on her seat. I finished loading, and pushed both carts to the corral. As I walked back to the car, Sarah spoke in a broken tone.
"You have to fuck me now," she said, touching her steaming pussy. "Just make me cum before we go, please," she begged.
I stopped right beside her and kissed her while I pulled the hoodie off and tossed it inside onto the floor. I let her step in and lean into the car, placing her hands on the seat.
Sarah looked back over her shoulder and said, "please, J. Please put it in me. I need to cum so bad."
I stepped in behind her and lowered my waistband again. I wiped the head of my cock up and down her sopping cunt, then lined it up and drove it home. Immediately, I started humping my sister, driving my cock hard and fast inside of her delicate hole. I pushed my pants a bit lower, and really got into humping her. Her twat spasmed around me as I fucked her from behind, and she came after only a few hard thrusts. Her pussy sprayed around us, leaving us standing in a puddle of her creamy goodness. Her body still twitching, she pulled off of me, and jumped in the car. I stood there with my wet cock sticking out and my pants around my knees.
"Thank you," Sarah said through ragged breath. "Now take me home so you can make love to me properly."
"Yes, ma'am," I replied as I buckled her still quivering body into her seat.
I pulled up my pants long enough to get to my side of the car. Before I got in, I pulled them off, and tossed them at my sister. They made an audible wet slopping sound as they hit her. She just smiled, and let my precum soaked shorts lie against her body. I climbed in and slid my ass across the leather seat, and we headed home. Sarah's body was still flushed, and she sat idly playing with her pussy.
"Didn't have enough," I inquired.
"Oh no, that was great! You just have me so worked up!"
"Me? You were a total cock tease!"
"True," she laughed. "I was, but you enjoyed, and you can't tell me you didn't!"
"Fair enough," I told her.
My cock bobbed as we drove. It was fully erect, since my naked sister sat beside me openly masturbating now. She pulled her juices up and across her abdomen, and thoroughly wet her breasts. The front of her body was slick with her juices, and my cock recognized it and gave up its own slippery goodness. I was going to have to get my car detailed!
Sarah couldn't get herself off, but had her pussy flowing. She was going to be hard to hold onto once I got my hands on her. I turned into our driveway, and took her wet hand in mine. She switched to her right hand, and kept diddling her twat. I lifted her hand to my mouth, and licked her juices from it. She sat watching as I devoured her delectable goodness. Her sweet, wet tits again bouncing on the rough gravel road had my full attention. She needed to be fucked good tonight. She needed her big brother to put his cock inside of her welcoming pussy, and make love to her. That I could do.
Pulling into the carport, Sarah finally left her puffy vagina, and unbuckled herself. She sat patiently waiting for me to come help her out. My sexy little nymph got out and helped me carry groceries and supplies into the house, still sloppy wet. We got things put away for the most part, but watching Sarah start to make our house a home broke my concentration. Unfortunately, she went from cock tease to hard to get. I stole touches, groping her as she moved around the house, trying to let her know I was ready to please her. She just wasn't having it. She let me play, but just winked at me, and kept about her work. Her body was getting sticky by now, as her juices were quickly drying on her.
Finally, I had enough. Mostly, I was tired as hell, and wanted to wind down. I felt like if we just stopped for a bit to catch our breath, we could pick up working later. Or not...I just wanted to fuck her. I took her arm, and she stopped, noting that I was actually serious now, and not teasing anymore.
"Baby, we need to stop. We have the rest of our lives to do this, and make our house a home." Sarah hung on every word, listening intently as I spoke. "Besides, we'll want to change everything once our stuff shows up. We'll do this all again then, right?"
"I'm sorry. I'm just excited," Sarah said.
"I know, sweetheart, and I'm excited, too, but I don't want us to burn out trying to do it all in one night."
Sarah looked around at the house and sighed. "You're right. I'm sorry."
"No, love, no need to be sorry. I understand this is new and exciting, but we just need to pace ourselves, you know?"
"I know. Thank you, J," she replied, stepping into my outspread arms.
"Let's go get you showered and cleaned up, yes?"
"Yes! That's a great idea."
I wrapped my arm around her slender waist, and guided her towards our luxurious suite. I turned the water on and let it warm up, then we stepped in together. We lathered each other up, taking care to just gently caress each other's bodies. My cock grew firm, but we weren't after sex. We were just enjoying touching bare skin. In the slippery suds, my erect penis slipped between our bodies. The soap mixed with my precum, and washed it away, but not before squirting it solidly all over my sister's lower body. Sarah turned her back to me, and pressed her perfect ass against my raging boner, letting my slip easily between her cheeks. I reached around her, and captured her amazing breasts in my hands, and lifted them, feeling their weight in my hands. I pressed harder into Sarah's ass as I kneaded her perfect orbs, her nipples standing fully erect against my palms. Sarah leaned her head back on my shoulder as the steamy water cascaded over us. She reached behind, and put her hands on my ass, pulling me tighter against her. She knew we weren't there to fuck, but just to be together as lovers, feeling skin on skin. Still, my cock had a mind of its own, and wasn't about to go down. This beautiful woman pressing her naked body against me made sure of that.
After I had washed Sarah's hair and rinsed us both, I turned off the shower, and reached for a towel for the naked minx before me. I watched in awe as my perfect and gorgeous sister stood naked before me, patiently awaiting my attention to her. I dabbed her dry before carefully wrapping the towel around her shoulders. She reached to wrap it around her wet hair as women sometimes do, but I stopped her.
"Leave it down, please. For me," I begged her.
"What? Why," she questioned.
"Because you look incredibly sexy with wet hair, and I just want to look at you."
She dropped the towel on the floor, and gave me a sexy little half-smile as she turned and walked out of the bathroom. My cock drooled onto the floor as I watched that sexy nymph walk away. I couldn't help but think again of how absolutely lucky I was to have this woman in my life. Quickly drying myself, I went to join my sister. I found her in our large bedroom, busy unpacking the air mattress we were to sleep on until our belongings arrived. She was on her knees, her wet hair hanging down, some of it sticking to her breasts. God, she looked so sexy. I placed my hand on her shoulder, and knelt beside her to help. Together, we spread the mattress out, and I plugged it in. I flipped the little switch, and saw the look of amazement on Sarah's face as it inflated itself. She looked as excited as a little girl on her birthday as she watched. I smiled to myself as I just watched her.
Sarah caught me admiring her, and just smiled. Glancing down at my lap, she noticed the stream of precum dripping onto my legs. Reaching over, she scooped the pool from between my legs, grasped my cock and slid her hand up the length of it, and captured all she expelled from within me into her hand. Having a significant handful of my slippery fluids, she tipped her cupped hand into her mouth, and eagerly consumed it. She licked her hand clean, and smiled at me before turning back to watching the mattress inflate. I put my arm around her and pulled her tightly to me as we watch the final moments of the process. Once filled, I flipped the switch off.
I got the sleeping bags and pillows we had purchased, and dropped them on the bed. Sarah helped me spread the sleeping bags and zip them together. No way were we going to sleep separately, and we couldn't fit in one. As she worked, I was continually distracted by her damp hair swaying, and the rest of her perfect naked body as she worked with me. I really wanted to fuck her, but we were both exhausted. It took every ounce of restraint I had to keep from throwing her down and fucking her soundly. Knowing I could have my little sister's pussy any time I wanted it, I focused on preparing our sleeping arrangements.
Finally situated, Sarah climbed into the sleeping bag, and patiently waited for me.
"Oh, J," she suddenly said, just as I was about to get in bed with her.
"Yea, baby girl," I replied.
"Will you get me a drink?"
"Of course, love! What would you like?"
"Just water, please."
I went to get her a glass of water, and held it to her lips as she drank. She tipped her head back, signaling that she had enough.
"Thank you," she said, as I set the glass beside the bed on the floor.
I turned to walk around the bed, and climb in beside Sarah, but she grabbed my hand and stopped me. Standing over her, she stared up at me with her loving eyes. My penis pointed directly at her adorable face. I knew what she wanted just by the look on her face. I placed my hand atop her head, and gently encouraged her to proceed. She opened her mouth, and took my cock into her mouth. She quickly went to work, sucking me hard, running her tongue all around every inch of my rigid pole. I gently humped her face as she sucked, eager to get the load I was about to give her. Looking down, I watched as she played with her breasts as she made love to her brother's penis with her mouth. My legs grew weak and shaky. Sensing this, Sarah looked up and smiled as best she could with a mouth full of meat. She nodded slightly, as if giving me permission to release myself into her mouth. Seeing those perfect eyes lovingly staring up at me was enough to push me over the top. I grunted loudly as the first stream of semen burst forth from my penis, and fired with great velocity into my sister's throat. She swallowed more of my cock into her mouth, the tip in her esophagus. She sucked and swallowed as I emptied myself into her stomach.
Finally finished, she applied a generous amount of suction as she withdrew, making sure every last drop was in her mouth. Satisfied, she smiled again, and turned to lie down. I tucked her in, knowing it wouldn't last, but wanting to show her my love in that way, then went around to climb in beside her. My penis hung long, but not erect, and I could see her watching as it dangled beneath me. In bed beside my sister now, she rested her head on my arm, and snuggled her naked body against me. I turned towards her slightly and kissed her warm mouth, tasting the remnants of cum on her tongue.
"Good night, my princess. I love you."
On a typical night, Sarah would lie on my torso, and suck my penis until she went to sleep. Tonight was similar, but not the same position. After bidding her good night, Sarah scooted down under the cover of the sleeping bag, but lay on her side beside me, facing me. She grasped my cock, and tugged gently towards her. I rolled onto my side as encouraged, and she took my semi-rigid cock into her mouth. Being exhausted, I wasn't there to cum in her mouth again, but instead, just let her use me to pacify her into a deep sleep. I put my hand on her head, and caressed her scalp as she sucked. That was the last thing I felt, my penis being gently sucked by my sister. Quickly, I fell into a deep sleep, and dreamt of what was to come with my lover in our new home.