I found my dragon and trouble too
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
My searching for a way to get to my friend, Jiao-long, would have to wait. I was hired as a fight trainer and coordinator for a trio of films, for the 'Game of Thrones' storyline. I wasn't in the movie, but I helped a number of actors train for the movie. I even had two assistant trainers helping out.
During the shoot, I was behind the scenes, ready to assist in any fight scene. What I didn't expect was to also assist with the sex scenes. I was happy to show them the ropes. Sometimes, literally. All told, it consumed six months of my life.
I spent the next month studying my books for portal information. I was wary of making such, as I could see danger if they were wide open. I also saw problems in our society if they were found to exist. So I decided to make them keyed, and secret. I wanted the key to be simple, yet unexpected. I decided a strong magnet low down, like an anklet, would be the key. People don't usually carry magnets, and when they do, it is carried much higher. I felt the locations for my first portal would be my garden and Death Valley. I liked the portals used in the Stargate franchise, but they are far too obviously something. Instead, I felt a horizontal portal would work better.
For the material, I liked the idea of sand and glass. The glass would be beneath the surface, and hold the matrix of magic, while the sand would hide it from above. I chose a size of eight feet in diameter, as a set of wedges, as I could easily transport that in the back of a pickup. It would also fit through my access to my secret underground room. Researching it showed I had to handle the transporter problem. That is, what goes and what stays. Otherwise, I would lose some sand every time, or risk not sending part of a shoe or foot. I eventually realized I could simplify things by having the portal be aware of its surroundings. This would let me detect what is not usually there, and only send that. I still needed to detect sand as sand, as even footsteps would disturb it, and move it out of place.
Having come up with a plan, I researched the enchantments. I spoke with Alec, for his opinions on making the portals safe and secure. He recommended some changes, which I then added. When it came to testing, I used some remote-control cars. The first test wound up scrapping the toy. The fifth one was the first to survive intact. Next, I sent bagged goldfish on the back of the toys. Those worked fine. Next, I sent caged mice. After they made a few passes without a problem, I sent a laptop running a video. When it arrived, the video was still playing. When I ran the computer diagnostic after ten passes, no errors showed up. It was now time to set up the first portal in the garden.
I had been planning this for a while, and had a place selected. There were several areas of open sand, as a part of a rock garden. I had already decided it would be buried six feet down, with sand over it. It was also in an out-of-the-way part of the garden. I set up a bottomless tent over the area, and used Everest's power to remove the dirt, after using my own ability to clear the sand on top. Once I placed the first set of wedges, I filled in the pit with sand. Then, I relocated the tent over another area. This one I placed beneath two inches of sand, as it would later be placed in Death Valley. I used the toys to test that everything worked. When the fish, mice, and laptop tests worked in both directions, I pulled up the second ring.
For the Death Valley side, I chose a set of GPS coordinates, a mile, or so, away from the spiritually living part of the valley. I chose the location by the numbers, as I wanted it only to be found by its position. Both rings were enchanted to be hidden magically. Once it was in place, I had the guardian work the remotes on this side, while I teleported home to handle the other side. We coordinated by cell phone, and made our tests. Everything worked. Finally, I declared it was ready for people. The guardian walked in with the controller, and once inside the circle, drove the toy in. I was surprised at the toy, as I had expected him to take the magnetic anklet off the toy and onto his ankle.
I teleported back, and collected the toys and other equipment we used for the testing. While I left a pair of anklets with him, he told me something interesting. Apparently, his own link with the valley let him sense the portal directly. I realized I could also sense it that way, as well as by my rock sense. As the enchantment also kept them covered by sand, they would be extremely hard to find if you didn't know where they were. They also didn't react unless the magnets were above for several seconds, so you could walk through without triggering it.
Having succeeded on a portal, I now wanted to see about making a portal that could send me to a place visualized. For this kind of a portal, I felt a vertical one, within a doorway, was more appropriate. It would show where it went on this side, and if you walked through, you would appear where you saw. This one would need a magical key, so not to work for just anyone. As to aim, I felt the technique I used to send images with my mind would be good. This was harder, as I needed both a clairvoyant effect, and then a teleport effect. While a crystal ball is more traditional, I felt a picture frame would be less noticed. I chose a picture from Red Horizons to frame. It shows Mount Olympus on Mars at the bottom, and the moons Phobos and Demos to one side against black space. I wanted a large area of darkness to allow the vision to display.
I designed it so that you had to feed it some magic to make it work. The central part was the image you fed it, but if it was able to find a place that matched it, where you imagined it, the image would gain clarity and expand to fill the glass. Thus, you knew it was found when it went full frame. It could also use any connection you had to help find things. This took nearly six months of research, experiment, and refinement.
Well, I wasn't the only one thinking of Mars. The Red Horizon project had successfully reached Mars, and was producing results. Hollywood decided to remake 'John Carter on Mars', and I was cast as one of the main characters. As the original stories had the Martians with little clothing, and the bad guys having evil, sexual, intentions to the heroines, I got to play a semi-helpless sexpot. Being R-rated, they got to show a lot of sex. The funniest thing, to me, was there was no mention of my four breasts being notable. Given the bestial martians he first encounters, my form was almost unremarkable, until we had sex. They also were casting five of the young ladies I had recently encountered with four breasts and who had aspirations in film. They were all background parts, but one needed to start somewhere.
I soon learned those ladies were sexually active off the set with the cast and crew. I, at least, waited a week before I accepted requests for sex. Some other women on set had sex, but not nearly as much as us. The men, on the other hand, were far less private about it. In fact, some of the on-screen simulated sex wasn't. While I was a heroine, I was actually the secondary heroine. The leading lady was in her twenties, as was the leading man. I played the leading lady's mother. As a number of scenes were on the open 'Martian' surface, I played a little making my own special effects with swirling sand and dust. I would read the director's mind to see how to make it just as he wanted, but without making him too suspicious by being too exact.
What I hadn't expected was to feel another priestess of Inanna on set. It took a few days, but I learned it was one of those ladies. I did a little snooping and learned she did not know of my internet forum for priestesses, nor did she have a holy symbol. So I made her one, with her real name, Azura Ortiz, on it. I also made a card explaining it was from another priestess. I left it in a plain wooden box in her car, and waited for her to find it. Inanna later told me she accepted it, and began to use it. So I left another note in her car explaining the priestess' forum. Soon, she was online and asking all sorts of questions.
When the filming was over, I went back to my research. I decided to use the link the picture made rather than duplicate all the other enchantments. Instead, it would use the nearest link to make its own link. This time, it took nearly a year and a half. In part because I was in the Barsoom sequel, reprising my role. Getting the enchantments to hide when not in use was really hard, since it was a powerful device. Testing was harder, as I couldn't use radio control. But by selecting places with wi-fi, I was able to control the newer toys even without direct contact. There was a bit of a lag, but hey, this is new magic I'm inventing. When I could send fish, mice, and tablets without incident, I decided to try it, myself.
First, I made sure my own magic journal was up to date. Then I had a discussion with Filipe about what I was going to test. That took nearly a week, with me finally convincing him I had done everything I could to make sure it was safe. I was about to go through, when Alec said he would go first. We set up a way for him to be heard here, once he was there, and so he went through. He reported everything was fine, so I followed.
Woah. I felt... something... as I crossed. I picked up Alec, and the other stuff here, and teleported back home, and spent the rest of the day having sex with Filipe. He was quite inspired, so it took a few hours. That night, I had a discussion with Inanna. She was proud of all I had done, and we discussed the magic I used to create things, and the limitations they had. She warned me that trying to pop in on another power was likely to get me shot. While I might survive, there is a reason portals are not that close to where powers live.
When I spoke of what I felt, she was surprised. Apparently, I was sensing far more than most. Eventually, we decided it was because of my enhanced neural speed, combined with multiple senses that I used. She seemed to think that I was combining her healing sense with other senses and seeing the workings of the magic. She then offered me help with my 'itch' of Isis' tattoo. I asked for her patience, as I tried to learn it on my own with Jiao-long.
In the morning, I tried targeting Death Valley, and using my own connection to get the link. The picture frame picked up the image quickly, and the link solidified it nearly instantly. Walking through, but this time prepared to study what I felt, I arrived. It felt like it only lasted moments, yet I experienced a lot more than I expected. I then used the lesser portal to get back. It was nearly two miles away, so I teleported near it before walking to it.
Now that it seemed to work, I began my preparations to visit Jiao-long. First, I made a scrying picture to give as a gift to him. I chose our lonely practice island as the image to include. The lighthouse was on one side, and it was nearly dusk, leaving the image rather dark. I then tested it, both as a scrying device, but also as the master on my doorway portal. Since I planned to focus on the lake rather than him, I packed it in a watertight bag, and also packed a duffle bag with clothing, shoes, and jewelry. While it wasn't watertight, everything inside was sealed in bags.
I said my goodbye to Filipe, and then imagined the lake. It seemed to have difficulty, but when I focused on my connection to it, where it allowed me to walk on its surface, it started to come into focus. Even so, it took a while. To ensure things were right, I changed my viewpoint to appear in a different direction, as though I looked about while there. The image changed, and kept full focus, and I did recognize things that I would not expect on another similar lake. I even saw the hill hiding his place. With that view, I stepped through. It seemed to take much longer, and I felt and even saw additional things. More to ask about.
My foot went down halfway to my knee before the lake recognized me. Then it stopped. My next step was on the surface, and I could lift my other foot up. I then walked to the shore, even as I said hello to the lake. Once on shore, I felt for Hugeng by my dragon tattoo. I was in luck, he was somewhere nearby. Opening my other senses, I headed his way. When I got close, I realized he was with someone, so I hung back, intending to wait until he was alone. After an hour, I made a chair to sit on. Two hours later, they came to me. Recognizing the fancy dress of the other, I cast a few spells to replace my outfit with something more formal. After creating the robe, I sent what I wore into the duffel, then tied my robe. Then I made suitable jewelry to accent the outfit. I finished before they were halfway to me.
When they stopped ten feet away, Hugeng said, "Becky Sue? Is that you?"
I bowed to them, then replied, "Yes, Lord Hugeng. I come seeking your guidance."
The stranger, clearly an official, warned, "Careful. This could be an impostor. She was doing some sort of magic."
"You are right. Given the situation, we must be sure. Becky Sue, do you mind?"
"I trust you. Do what you need to do."
He did a number of spells, and seemed to be curious about my duffle, and also about my outfit. "Captain Zhu, there is some sort of magic device in the bag, and she has the magic tattoo I expected, but does not seem to have any active magic about her. Nor is she under any magical influence. She does have some divine influences about her."
"Is the magic dangerous?"
"For one like her? Extremely. She is a very competent warrior, and everything is a weapon in her hands. More to the point, the magic in the bag seems to be strong in divination. The tattoo, I gave her, and I am not worried about it."
"And what of the divine? The gods can make things complicated."
"They are the same as before. Two strong Sumerian gods, a mountain god, and a minor forest goddess, I think. It is the weakest. When she was here before, there was no difficulty."
"So, she is not a spy."
"No. But she does seem to attract trouble, at times. At least this time, trouble is already near. So, are you satisfied with her?"
"I will report this, but for now, I think things are quiet here." Turning to me, he said, "So, you are Becky Sue. I have heard of you. Have a care here, for these are dangerous times." Lastly, he turned back to Hugeng, and said, "I must go now." He turned and marched off toward the gate house.
Hugeng waited for him to leave before looking at me. When I felt the gate energy, I realized Hugeng did as well. He said, "Well, this is unexpected. I was near enough that I would have felt your arrival at the gate house, so you found another way here. Most unexpected. You bring some sort of magic device, again unexpected. And you seek my guidance, curious. Clearly you have been busy, and learned some new stuff. Let's head inside, and talk over lunch."
When lunch was served, I said, "Indeed, I have been busy. I've worked out how to make two different kinds of portals, and a scrying device, all so I could come visit you on my own terms. It seems I may have come at a bad time."
"Not yet bad. One of the outer provinces is being rebellious, and the court is dealing with it. They are worried it may come to fighting, which is where I come in. As a potent warrior, and mage, I will likely be asked to help if it does explode into violence."
"Is that likely to be soon?"
"It's politics. Nothing might happen, or war. Overnight, or in a decade or two. Who knows,"
"So, it is not a bad time?"
"No. Not a great time, but for now, things are quiet. That's a lot of work. What is so pressing?"
"I encountered another goddess, and it did not go well."
"Yet, you are here."
"Thanks to the efforts of my daughter. She stood up to the goddess, and argued against what she had done. Eventually, the goddess decided to release me."
"That sounds like a tale."
"It is. Have you heard of Isis?" He nodded. "I was cast as Cleopatra, and at one point she proclaims herself as being the goddess. What we didn't know was that my costume had an artifact holding her dormant self. She woke, and brushed aside my mind and took over my body. I didn't wake until she left, apparently to die by choice. But she left me a souvenir. Examine me again, concentrating between my breasts. I have a second tattoo now, purely magical. It is hidden."
Hugeng looked at me, and I nodded, so he cast one spell, waited, then cast another, and then a third. "You are right. I can tell there is something, but I can barely see it."
"Inanna said it was powerful, but hidden, and mainly mental in its power. I know it can levitate me. I don't know what else it can do. I did a lot of research before I felt I might be able to explore it without being targeted by it. I think it can also do powerful telekinesis, as she did while in my body. It may even have some healing abilities."
"That sounds like it could take a long time to figure out."
"While I would appreciate your help to return without taking a lot of time in my place, I am fine if I am returned with no time squeezing."
"That may not be up to me."
"I knew the risk when I chose to come. I will deal with whatever happens."
"Ballsy, but then you don't lack courage. What's in the bag?"
"A gift for you. Both as something I think you might value, but also an example of the fruits of my studies."
"You made something? It seemed complex, and I could not say what it does."
"It is a scrying device of sorts, as you suspected, but it also can be the control of the unique portal I created."
"What do you mean, control?"
"To control the portal, the picture frame brings forth the image, and transfers the clairvoyant link to define the teleport link. I used my first one to control it and come here."
"That is impressive. Not only have you made a variable portal, but one that goes across realities. That can be quite dangerous in the wrong hands."
"That's why it requires a magic key to use. Without that, it won't accept the link, and will sit there doing nothing. So, you want to take a look at it?"
"Sure."
I went over to the bag, and dug in for the picture. I then handed it to Hugeng, once I took off the waterproof wrapping. "Here you go. I chose the image to remind you of where we practiced. Any picture can be placed there, as it only serves as a backdrop and as disguise. Who imagines a picture frame to be a scrying window?"
"So, how do you work it?"
"I'll tell you, but perhaps you should try to discover it, to see how 'secret' it is, and how 'secure' it is."
"A good point. Let's see what I can figure out." He then started casting spells. "It is obviously magical, but not that strong to a cursory look... I can tell it is divination, but with some odd ancillary aspects... Odd, it interacts with the user beyond just picking up the mental desire... Oh! That's neat. The user has to start it up with their own power. Uncommon, that, but not unheard of." He stopped casting spells, and said, "I think, like the picture behind it, you made good use of diminishing magic. That can get it overlooked by a casual search, but not a thorough one. Likewise, some will be unable to access it because they don't know how to power it. In all, it is obscured, not hidden."
He paused, and attempted to access it. "It is not easy to casually use, and seems to only show a small blurry image. Wait a moment. Huh? It's changing. Oh my! The image has expanded and clarified. What happened?"
"That initial image is not a true divination, but rather the image you supply. As it seeks out the reality, that's all you see. But once it locates it, the image changes as you saw. Now imagine you are looking around. Try focusing on something on the edge. See? You can change the viewpoint."
"Interesting."
"I chose a dark picture, so that in a dark room the viewed image will be readily seen, but in a bright room, it won't be seen as well."
"What of the other aspects. They don't seem to be strong magic, yet I don't recognize it either."
"This will use existing links to assist the clairvoyant link. For example, I used my link to the lake to view it. I think I could use my tattoo to make a link to you, as it does connect us. By piggybacking on an existing link, it can more easily locate something or someone. It might even bypass protections, but I haven't tried that yet."
"That is rather sophisticated for an inexperienced mage."
"As I said, it took two years."
"You don't understand. This kind of thing would normally take at least a decade to create."
"Really? Do you think my library helped shave a lot of time off?"
"It definitely helps, but not that much. Your mental clarity helps a bit as well, but it still does not explain your genius."
"Well, you'll just have to come visit, so you can read my journal, for the insights I learned doing all of this."
"I shall at that. Enough of this small talk. What is the story of the new tattoo?"
It took over an hour detailing what happened, and the steps I took to understand her. I then finished, by saying, "You are the only one I know who might tell me more, and whom I would trust to help me understand and use it."
Hugeng looked surprised. "I am quite honored."
"It's not like I have a lot of choice."
"I know, but it is the trust, not the choice, that is the honor. Earlier, you said you trust me. I thought that was merely friendship, but what you just said shows it goes far deeper. This problem you bring is a worthy one. It also sounds fun. But it needs a lot of research, so why don't you go back to the room you used before. It is actually one of the rooms for larger guests, so your size works well there. Oh, that reminds me, you did some sort of magic as we walked up to you. What was that about?"
"When I saw someone official looking, I thought it best if I looked more formal. So I made some clothes, and sent what I was wearing into the bag."
"You made those clothes? They are fabric, not metal."
"Yeah. That is thanks to the magic I learned from Aja. I can now magically create things based on the life of a forest. With my practice with Everest's power, I quickly learned to control Aja's magic in creating stuff. I had to enter the dreamworld to achieve that, but I had already learned much before I went in."
"That sounds like another story."
"Several actually, but I'm sure we'll have time."
"That we shall. Well, I have some things to set up, so we can have a bit of time to explore this tattoo. I will see you in the morning."
"Thank you." He left, and I went to unpack.
Over the next two weeks, Hugeng went through many spells, and worked through several tomes he had before he gave up trying to understand the Isis tattoo. I had asked him to tell me what he was doing with each spell, as I wanted to study it from the other side. In the afternoon, I swam for an hour or two, then meditated while sitting on the surface of the lake. Part of my meditation was to visualize the spells to see what they did, and to then visualize the tattoo to understand how it interacted. When there was some interaction, I imagined a variation on the spell that focused things differently. If this variation seemed to elicit more info, I would suggest it to Hugeng. Another imagining I did was what the tattoo would let me do. For this, I imagined the tattoo letting me do something, and seeing if that seemed to match what it could do.
This is where my cosplay helped. Not from dressing up, but from the people I spoke with. The science fiction and fantasy crowds had lots of ideas for powers and abilities. Trying to test every single one was hard, but I got a few unexpected things that seemed to pop up. There were some things that seemed to be associated with water, and given what she said while in my body, I imagined it would concern the Nile. Telekinesis seemed to have a large variety of uses, so I expected it would be more than just pushing someone away. Levitation seemed to be linked to something else, but I wasn't able to figure it out. There were hints that telepathy was empowered, as well as protections.
"Well, Hugeng, I think we have learned all we can without activating it."
"I agree. Unfortunately, I've already taught you all I can about mental powers. You need an expert, and that means we need to go to the outer palace. Likewise, such experts can be quite forceful in their curiosity. You will have to be on your guard against their prying. It is less about keeping secrets than about making them work to get them. If you are willing, we can go tomorrow."
"Then let's go. Will we stay long, or just visit briefly?"
"If someone agrees to help you, you might be there for a few weeks."
"Then I'll pack some extra outfits. What's in fashion these days?"
After he described some things, I created an illusion to see if what I had in mind would be acceptable. Once he gave his approval, I sent my current clothes to the bed, and created new ones on myself. I accented it with shoes, jewelry, and such. I didn't copy it, but rather used it as an inspiration. After four such outfits were ready, I put my original outfit back on. All the outfits had a matching pair of daggers.
"There, four outfits all ready for our trip. How best to carry the extra? Or should we not worry about that and just operate out of your place there?"
"I think a silk duffle bag would be appropriate."
I gave it some thought, then used Aja's magic again to make it. "Ta da. Do you want anything?"
"No. But have a care not to show off your magic there. There are many eyes about, that wish to learn everything."
"I shall heed your advice."
"We'll leave in the morning."
I woke early, so I could get a quick swim in. Breakfast was simple, and then we went to the gate. In the blink of an eye, we were at the imperial city. Except, I sensed passing through something. Our first stop was his apartment. There, I unpacked, while Hugeng waited for me. We then went elsewhere in the city, where I began to notice signs of open-magic places. Some were curio shops, others service shops. We went into a large building that declared itself to be an academy of some sort.
Hugeng said to the one who was at the counter, "Is Master Chang available?"
"He is quite busy. Come back tomorrow."
"I have a rather unique find, and I would like his opinion of it."
"Many seek his appraisal for trinkets. Try next week."
This seemed odd to me, so I opened my mind to see if I could gain a sense of what this clerk was doing. Not intruding, but rather open for leaking thoughts.
"I do not come by idly. I am a Taoist master, and I find it unique."
"The Tao is not the same as magic. Go away."
His mind revealed he was having fun at our expense. I could see Hugeng seem to get annoyed, so I said sotto voice, and in the high court tongue, "It seems they have employed a street cleaner to greet honored guests." I also used a little mental influence to be sure he heard it clearly, but barely. I hit my mark.
"Lady, I am no street sweeper. You insult me."
"Perhaps not. As I said that to my companion very quietly, it is clear you are at least an eavesdropper, and not a helper." Looking at Hugeng, I said, "This... person... is not interested in helping us, my lord. Let's not waste any more time here." I then whammied the clerk, and said to him, "Sit down and shut up until you wish to be helpful." Privately, I told Hugeng what he was doing, and asked him to go forth.
Privately, Hugeng indicated I was courting trouble, but he followed my lead and led the way. Even so, I could tell he was amused by me. I followed, and once out of earshot, I told him I shut him down because the clerk was deliberately giving us grief. We went further in, and stopped at another door. We were greeted by an older lady.
"Hello. Who are you?"
"I am Lord Hugeng, here to see Master Chang, concerning a rather unique find."
"You do realize he is quite busy."
"Hung over again?"
"... It seems you do know him."
"Might I see him?"
"If you don't mind his current state, then he's inside."
"Thank you."
I, too, nodded as we passed within. We soon found him out cold, lying on a table in the back, behind a corner. Apparently, he set this location up for just such occasions.
Hugeng said, "I fear we will have to wait for him to wake up." Leaning in, he sniffed, and said, "Waiting a while."
"Anything we can do to help?"
"You got a hangover cure?"
"... Not the traditional kind. My lady's gift might be of help. But given your reaction to that idiot, I'm asking first."
"Thanks, I think.... Go for it, but try to be circumspect."
"Okay." I moved behind the Master, where he wouldn't notice me if he opened his eyes. Then I focused my healing sense on his body, looking for the cause of his stupor, and its scope. I reached for the vision of him in full health, and began to align the two, starting in his gut. I left his head for last, as I felt that would give me the most time to clean him out. I also did a little cleansing of his chi lines, at the same time. Just before I went to clear his head, I moved back next to Hugeng. He didn't wake up, but I quietly said, "Done. Perhaps, call his name, or shake his shoulder?"
Hugeng looked around, and spotted a large book on a table. He picked it up, then slammed it back down. Master Chang startled awake. "Huh? Who's that?" He blinked his eyes a lot, before finally realizing we were there. "Lord Hugeng, It's been a long time. What brings you to my lab?"
"This." He then opened the bag he brought, and pulled out the picture I gave to him. "Examine it. I am aware of its abilities, and so know it won't cause you trouble, but I think you might find it rather intriguing."
"Not gonna tell me, huh? Must be rather unusual then."
"Yes, and created by an inexperienced but gifted mage."
"Well then, let us see what it is." He took it over to another table, and we followed. A few minutes later, he said, "It has a clairvoyant effect, but there is something beneath that. It is elusive." We just smiled, and waited. For nearly half an hour, he would try a spell, and then grumble, then try another. Finally, he finished, and looked back at Hugeng. "Well, there is some kind of secondary detection web interwoven with the basic clairvoyance magic. It seems aimed at the user, but I cannot fathom why. Nor can I figure out the purpose of that second web. Also, the magic is limited to the glass, so the frame, and the image placed behind the glass have no particular effect. I do like the peaceful scene, as it is a calming one. So. Tell me what is going on here."
"Before I do that, tell me, how advanced would a mage need to be to create this."
"The basic divination and the screening spells are simple enough, but interweaving a second detection web into it? Our graduate students would likely need a decade or more to do it. Why?"
"This was created by a newcomer who has only a few years of magic training."
I spoke up, "Three years, and less than two years to make this."
"And you are?"
"The one who created it."
"Interesting. You seem unlikely for a mage. Your attire evokes... other associations to me."
"Your impure thoughts are correct. I am far more involved in that side of things than in being a mage."
"Indeed? Well, then, even more unlikely. Who taught you?"
"Lord Hugeng did. Oh, I also had access to a few magic books." Hugeng snickered.
"Well, Lord Hugeng. What's so funny about having a few books? Any serious mage collects such."
"While not rivaling what you have here, it easily surpasses what your graduates can access. Including one rather ancient manuscript."
"Good library, huh?"
"Better than mine, in fact."
"Wow. I expect you have a decent library, just because of your position, skill, and age. That hers is better, is impressive. What of that ancient book?"
Hugeng nodded to me, so I told him. "While I do not have the original, I did the translation of a cursed tome of Sumerian magic with Egyptian influences, and kept a true copy of the translation."
"Cursed?"
"Preservation spell that leached the user's energy to keep the book in good repair. It kept trying to repair nearly seven thousand years worth of existence, all at once, with lethal results. I found a way to limit its leaching to a survivable amount, and thus suppressed the curse eventually."
"Nasty result of neglect. What else?"
"It was part journal, part log book, and part spellbook. But it was from a very different viewpoint to the other books I acquired."
"Acquired?"
"Some other mages no longer had need of them."
"Lord Hugeng, should I be worried about her?"
"You should be thanking her. Also, I'm not sure I would class her as a serious mage, as that is not her focus."
"There is a story there. But I see it is not the time for such. Where were we? Oh, yeah. Creating this scrying device. So what is that second detection for?"
I looked at Hugeng, and he nodded. "Clairvoyance uses magic to find things. Sometimes. a person already has some sort of supernatural link to the object or person to be viewed. The detection is to allow the user to provide access to that link, so that the clairvoyance can seek better, and perhaps even past obstructions. I haven't tested that part, but I think it might. But the two years I spent developing this, was only partly for this. The other part was a variable destination portal that used the clairvoyant glass to define the destination."
"You made such?"
"Yes. I used it to go to Lord Hugeng directly."
Master Chang looked at Hugeng. "My lord, that could be dangerous."
"Yes, but the link between us is quite tenuous, and not one to be expected, as it was by accident. It took strong divination for me to learn of it, after it called itself out to me long after it formed. I think even you might be hard pressed to see it. While I do have protections, she wisely didn't use her link to me, exactly, but to something in my domain."
"Still, creating a variable gate is hard. You are sure of what she says?"
"I trust her."
"I see." Looking back at me, he said, "Two years? From scratch? I would expect more like twenty-five or thirty years for a graduate. I want you here. Not sure if I want you as a teacher or a student, or perhaps both, but your talent demands teaching."
Before I could say anything, Hugeng said, "She is not available, as she has other commitments. But she does have another problem, that she could use your help with. Perhaps she would be willing to let you teach her, as you help with her problem."
"With talent like you have shown, what seems to be the problem?"
"A goddess gave me a lesser talisman, then chose to die. Lord Hugeng has done some initial examination. I'll let him explain."
"Master Chang, she has been given a magical tattoo. It has no physical substance, but is pure magic. I can barely detect it, but what I have intuited, is that it is one of the most powerful talismans I have ever encountered. It was given to her by Isis, quite recently."
"I thought she died several thousand years ago."
"She did, but her domain included guarding the dead. That she returned to life briefly is not impossible for such a goddess."
"You're right. So, we're dealing with divine magic. That could be a challenge."
"Not for her."
"Huh? Why not?"
"She is a priestess, and serves four divine powers, I think. One being a goddess of sex and war, who also happens to have magic as a domain, as well."
"Sex?"
I said, "You noted my attire?"
"Oh!" He then blushed.
"We met by accident, but I have embraced her, as we get along quite well. Don't be concerned about impure thoughts on my behalf."
"... That won't be easy."
"If you need to talk about sexual topics, or even something more, I shall not be embarrassed by its nature. But I am here to learn about the tattoo."
"What do you know of it?"
"My Lady indicated it was strongly psychic in nature. My own meditations lead me to that direction as well, but also to some other aspects. Part of my suspicions arise from myths about Isis and her followers, and part by how it seems to react to my thoughts."
"Oh, I so want to study it, but I am not versed well in such. Have you had any training in such?"
"Lord Hugeng helped me, but I had originally learned on my own, and had my abilities bolstered by my Lady. The best I ever did was to survive Isis when she dominated me. I have no recollection of the time, but I emerged essentially myself. That's not what I would expect if someone that powerful blows your mind away casually. Oh! That cursed book may have helped, as I needed to withstand the leaching with my mind."
"This is best dealt with by the Jīngshén masters. They are in the Pínkùn district, where they can get the isolation they require. They are not as morally pure, as they so frequently invade other's minds, so beware, they will likely try to invade yours. Is that something you will risk?"
"Will I be allowed to enforce my mental privacy?"
"How?"
"Depends. I could spank them, or knock them out mentally, or hit them with a little lightning. I have some skill in combat. I suspect they are not used to physical things."
"How true that is. Well, let's see how late things are." He got up, and headed out, and we followed him out.
The old lady said, "Master Chang? I thought you would still be, um, busy."
"Oh? What time is it?"
"About ten in the morning."
"What! Impossible."
I spoke, "My Lady is benevolent."
"You did this?"
"No, she did. I just was her instrument."
"I am not used to priestesses." He sighed. "Okay, Miss Lai, have the duty clerk escort our guests to the Jīngshén branch in the Pínkùn district. Inform Master Zhāng to assist Miss..." He looked at me, but Hugeng signaled me to be quiet.
"Just say the Gāo gè nǚrén."
She looked up at me and smiled. "She is at that. Very tall."
Master Chang continued, "Master Zhāng is to assist her in understanding her magic item. He is to be expeditious, and I expect an initial report within a week." Then he asked, "Who's got the duty?"
"That would be... young Wáng."
"Punishment detail again, huh. When will he learn? See to it." Turning to Hugeng, he asked, "What of you?"
"I will be in town consulting with some officials. Seems certain parties have been getting uppity recently, and some others are concerned."
"That could get nasty."
"But, it isn't yet."
"Let's hope it stays that way. Well, if you have some time, I would love to visit." He turned and went further into the building.
Miss Lai led, and Hugeng took his bag and walked with me to see who this Wáng was. That's when we learned we had already met him.
"Young Wáng, you are to escort her. Here are your instructions."
"What! She called me a street sweeper."
"Keep up your antics, and you might yet reach that station. Now go."
"Yes, ma'am." He looked at me, then glanced at the waiting woman, then sighed. Looking back at me, he said, "You. Follow me." He then rushed out.
I quickly reached to catch his shoulder. "Is that how you escort? By running? Do it right. Escorting means to ensure I get there, and the best way to do that is to not attract attention. Running attracts attention. Now lead, as a true escort."
Hugeng said, "I'll be around. Keep in touch."
"I shall. Later."
I followed the young man, who clearly did not care for me. I decided to monitor his leaking thoughts in case he decided to do something inappropriate. We were entering the Pínkùn district, when he got nervous. I said, "Is there a problem? You seem nervous."
"This district has a lot of crime. You are showing a fair amount of wealth. There could be trouble."
"Is it acceptable to carry weapons openly in this place?"
"Yes, why?" He was looking at me, as a sword appeared in my hand. "How did you do that? You didn't cast a spell!"
"I am not what you assumed. I am an expert with this. Any who attack, will regret it." Now, I think he was more worried about me, so I smiled.
Eventually, we came to a block that seemed to be a single building. It showed many signs of being in a poor neighborhood. He led us to a grand entrance, where there was a set of double doors. When he began to push it open, I dismissed the sword. Once inside, he turned and said, "Time to get... what happened to your sword?"
"We have arrived. I see no need for a weapon now."
"That's good. They're not allowed here." He then went to a nearby office.
Inside was a middle-aged man. "No solicitations. What brings you here?" He then pointedly looked at Wáng.
"Master Chang sent me to escort her to Master Zhāng. Here are the instructions."
"Let me see that. Hmm... Yes, that is his mark." He then looked at me, and I felt someone try to read my mind. It wasn't strong enough to get in, as I have been keeping a block on since I knew I would be coming here. He raised his eyebrows, and said, "She does seem to be interesting. Very well, you will find him in his western office upstairs."
I could see my guide get nervous. "I'll be going now." He turned, and started to walk away.
Calling upon An's power, I said, "You will not. This is not Master Zhāng. Your job is not done." He stopped instantly, turned back, and apologized. "You have been informed where he is. Now take me there." Behind my back, I felt a smile break out.
"This way, ma'am." He again turned, but he waited for me to follow. As we walked to the far side of the building, I felt numerous attempts to read my mind. I could also tell Wáng was being read. We finally reached the office, and no one was there. I checked with my life sense, and there was no one deep in the office.
Wáng wanted to go find him, but I said, "I will remain here. You may wait outside the door to catch someone in the hall, but you may not leave until you have carried out your duty."
Over the next half hour, several people passed Wáng, but he was unable to get any help from them. Then, I felt a change within the office. Looking again, my life sense indicated someone was now behind the door to the inner office. When I sensed it going to the door and stopping, I realized they were looking through a spy hole. I turned to look directly at them. I felt their surprise. Then I felt a mind try to access mine, and be blocked. More surprise. Then a stronger try. I rebuffed it, and sent a thought, "You are being impolite. Why not show yourself, and introduce yourself. Surely, it will have a better resolution than trying to breach my barriers."
I felt yet greater surprise. They came back with "Who are you?"
"One who likes games at times, but now is not such a time."
"Interesting. Who taught you?"
"I said now is not the time. Shall I come to you instead?"
"Let's see you try."
I got up, and approached the door. Having already tried the door earlier, I knew it was locked. Examining it for magic, I found only a warning spell. I then focused on the lock. Remembering what Alec taught me, I carefully proceeded to examine it, and eventually opened it. It only took three minutes. Alec would be proud. I then opened the door and entered. I felt another surprise as the door opened.
"Are you Master Zhāng?"
"I am. And you?"
"In a moment." I turned and called out, "Young Wáng, come here. You have instructions to deliver."
He turned, and seeing another beside me, said, "Where did he come from?"
"Do you recognize him?"
"Yes. I've seen his portrait many times."
"Then deliver the instructions."
"Oh!" He then dug them out, and handed them over.
I said, "You have completed your duty. You are now free to return to wherever you need to be. Thank you." I then bowed a small amount, and he was forced to bow as well, before rushing out. I called out after him, "Running makes you a target, but confidence makes you safe."
When I felt him turn the second corner, I finally looked back, and said, "The young man seems to be asking for abuse."
"He is at that. That's why Master Huáng didn't send for me, and instead asked that I delay my arrival here. So, your name?"
"I am Becky Sue Tate. I am sure I have garnered your interest?"
"Master Chang was rather enigmatic. He said you had an unusual item?"
"Yes, a magical tattoo. Initial investigation indicates it has mental aspects. It is also a powerful lesser talisman."
"A talisman, huh. And not one you made. Curious. How powerful is it?"
"I have access to a number of talismans. I think it is stronger than any other lesser talisman I have ever encountered. It might be as powerful as one greater talisman I once held."
"You held a greater talisman? You do know what they are?"
"Ones that belong to a god or goddess, as opposed to ones made by a mortal."
"Are you sure you held a greater talisman?"
"Quite. I still have access to three others." That surprised him.
"How...?"
"I am a priestess. Life got interesting. Now I am here."
"Indeed. Do you know how this tattoo came to be?"
"Yes. Before she died, the goddess, Isis, gave it to me."
"You sure she is dead?"
"Mostly, but not completely. My own goddess says she is dead."
"Indeed, interesting, doesn't begin to cover it. So where is this tattoo?"
"On my chest, centered between my breasts."
"That might be a problem."
"Why?"
"Your modesty will make it hard."
"Actually, it won't. My goddess is one of sex and war. I have no need for modesty."
"You may want to keep that quiet around here."
"How shall we proceed?"
"Let's start in my office." After closing the door, he said, "May I examine the tattoo?"
"Sure." Then I removed my robe, revealing I was nude beneath it. I pointed to where the tattoo was. "Right here."
His eyes got real big, and I noticed he also got quickly aroused. "Four! How? Never-mind. Let me see...." He cast a spell, mumbled something, then another and another. I must have stood before him for nearly an hour before he completed. "Master Chang was right, it does take someone with my skill to unravel it."
"Have you finished, for now?"
"What? Oh! You can dress." I then caused some pinpoint wind to cause my clothes to return in place. "How... never-mind."
"What have you learned?"
"While I have not verified who made it, I have determined its divine origin. It also has a very effective screen that hides a powerful item. As to what it does, it is difficult to pierce the screen, but what I have learned does indicate it as being strongly psychic, but also with other aspects. It is also strongly keyed to you. I think we can figure out how to give you access."
"I know how to access it. I even did so in my sleep. It is fear of what it might do to me, that has prevented my experimentation. I did a large amount of research before I was satisfied it might be okay to explore. It is that exploration that led me here."
"I see. Cautious. Smart, when checking out unknown magic items. Especially ones with divine-level power."
"So what is next?"
"We find you quarters. Then I will assemble a team to research things. We will also need to set up a testing area. How are you at heights?"
"I am a master hang-glider pilot, and an accomplished mountain climber."
"... Well, it appears heights are not an issue. The top of the building is probably best. The southwest corner has the fewest near it. Follow me." We left the office, and proceeded to a room in the southwest. As we went, I felt him issuing orders mentally. When we got a particular room, several were already in attendance. Master Zhāng introduced me to those here, and indicated we were waiting for two more. They came, and introductions were made.
Finally, he began, "Ladies and gentlemen, Ms. Tate's case has been referred to us, and it is a doozy. She is the recipient of a lesser talisman from a goddess. It is powerful. My initial examination indicates it is in our domain. However, its screening magic makes study difficult. I need your help to detail its powers, and to help her learn to fully control it."
"What's in it for us?"
"Master Chang has decreed it. Now, hush. There are some other incentives. I want to learn how that screening magic works, as it is quite effective." At this point, I felt several try to pierce my thoughts. "My initial examination indicates it concerns several of your specialties."
After rebuffing a number of attempts, someone put too much effort in, and I felt the stiff pressure. It was much stronger than what the master had tried. They did not pierce, but I felt I should do something. So I shaped a very quick whammie, and focused it narrowly at the one who tried to breach my defenses. I released it in a blink of an eye, but its effect was quite noticeable. One of the women at the table cried out, and then passed out, showing signs of pain.
Master Zhāng asked, "What happened to Daiyu?"
The woman next to her said, "She has fainted. She looks in pain." Shaking her, Daiyu seemed to revive.
"Ow! Stop hurting me."
Everyone was startled when I said, "I only touched your mind for a moment, in return for your attack. Deal with it, yourself."
Master Zhāng asked me, "Becky Sue? She attacked you?"
"Yes. She applied a lot more force than you did, and I felt my privacy was being threatened. I chose to give her a message she would understand. Ms. Daiyu, do you understand my message?"
She looked down, as she replied, "Yes ma'am. I shall not do that again."
"Ladies and gentlemen, I am generally easy going. However, as a priestess of a goddess of war, I am skilled at defending myself, and have no compunction about doing so. If you want to read my mind, ask, and explain your need. If I think it is reasonable, I will likely allow it, within limits. But to trespass, well, ask Daiyu about her experience." I then turned to Master Zhāng and nodded for him to continue.
"As I was saying, she has been given a powerful talisman. It also appears she knows how to use power, and can still be merciful. I want each of you to examine the talisman, and we can arrange for each of you to spend time with her."
Someone said, "We don't need her to examine a talisman."
I spoke up, and said, "The talisman is in the form of a tattoo, between my breasts."
I heard several naughty comments, but one was kind of loud. It came from a man on the far side. "I look forward to examining her breasts, I mean tattoo."
I decided to have a bit of fun, so I summoned Inanna's power, stood, and removed my robe. "As you can see, it is not visible. It is purely magical."
The same guy said, "So is your body. I gotta have sex with such a wonderful body."
Master Zhāng said, "Mingli, mind your manners."
I just said, "See me after the meeting, and we can work something out, I'm sure."
Master Zhāng quickly turned to me. "Ms. Tate?"
Grinning, I said, "My lady has two main domains. I am happy to serve her in both."
Clearly, he could see what was about to happen. I thought it would be a good way to encourage their help. Meanwhile, the meeting was stopped, with most ogling me. I could also tell two men had come already. After another minute, he realized what was happening, and told me to get dressed. Then he said, "As you can see, examination will not be a problem. But understanding her, I mean the talisman, will be hard. I mean it will take a lot of focus." I decided to relent, and dropped Inanna's power.
The meeting went on for another twenty minutes, and he concluded with, "We'll begin in the morning, here at eight." He then closed the meeting.
I went over to Mingli, and said, "So, you want me. Shall we go someplace private?"
Blushing a bit, he said, "Um... I was joking."
"I am not." He looked like a deer in headlights at this point.
Someone walked up to him, and punched his arm. "Hey Mingli, take her to your room and do her before she changes her mind."
"Uh, yeah, I'll do that." He then asked me to come with him.
Just as he walked out the door, Master Zhāng said, "Mingli, bring her to my office after you're done. We need to find her a bed. Other than yours." Several snickered, and Mingli hustled us away before anything else could be said. As we walked away, I slowly allowed Inanna's power to increase. I also got a mental request to allow another to watch. After waiting a few seconds, I allowed them in. By the time we arrived, over a dozen were watching us vicariously.
Once the door was closed, Mingli turned to me and said, "I, um, am not sure how...."
I just held up my hand. When he stopped talking, I took off my robe, and laid it aside. "Simple. Take off your clothes. A bed is nice, but a table, a chair, the wall, and even the floor can be fun. Now strip. I'm waiting." Filipe was going to love this. Here I was bossing around a grown man, and he was acting like he had no clue. I could also feel the audience was enjoying every moment.
Again, he had that deer-in-headlights look, so I walked up to him, and started to undress him. The walk had some exaggerated hip action, and I was cranking Inanna's power even more, as I approached. He stood in shock. And did nothing to interfere with me undressing him. It was like undressing a department-store mannequin, but one far more adjustable. Before undoing his pants, I placed my hand there, softly. He came hard, and soon had a great big wet spot.
Laughing, I said, "Oh! You are so eager, aren't you." I then took off the remainder of his clothing. With a soft dick because he just let loose a load, I just grabbed the sticky thing, and pulled him behind me. I had already figured out where the bedroom was. I turned around and sat on the bed, and pulled his dick to my mouth. "Looks like I need to do a little cleanup, first." I then began licking him off, and using my hand at the same time. I also pulled his dick into my mouth a little bit at a time so I could clean it. I was so intense, and time consuming, he was hard again before I finished.
"This looks like a tasty treat. I think I'll swallow it all." I then deepthroated him in a single thrust. Part of that thrust also had my tongue snake out a little extra to wrap and pull his balls inside as well. From his reaction, he had never experienced this before, so I continued to apply suction, even as my tongue pulsed all over everything inside my mouth and throat. I made sure the audience felt this, but I knew that far more was in store for them. I started to go up and down a few inches, with his balls popping in and out of my mouth each time. And he blew again. I let him exit my mouth finally, and I looked up at him to show I still had a large load in my mouth, before swallowing it.
"Now for a bit more fun, while we wait." I then shifted back fully on the bed, and pulled him on top of me. I then stuffed an upper nipple into his mouth, and placed his hands on my lower breasts. "Play with me." I continued to talk dirty to him, until he was hard again. "Good. You're ready." I pushed him to the correct position, then said, "I'm ready for your entry into me." I looked him in the eye, and using a touch of An's power, I said, "Take me now." I got him worked up in no time, but I didn't let him come for twenty minutes. He was thrusting in and out as hard as he could, and while I had several orgasms, I denied him. Then, feeling ready, I made sure the audience could feel everything, and I let him finally blow, which set off a massive orgasm in me. He fainted, even as the last of his seed was still pumping into me.
When I got off of him, I saw that he was still erect, so I took it in my mouth to clean him off. Pulling back, it finally deflated, and a few last drops spilled, so I licked them up, as well. I got off the bed, and still looking at him, I sent to the audience that the show was over. They reluctantly left. Mingli was out for two hours. While I waited, I examined his quarters, and saw they were small, but well appointed, realizing he had a washing pool, Still naked, I went in and washed myself. Outside the pool, was a small balcony, with a recliner, so I opted to dry off in the sun, and work a little on my tan.
Finally, Mingli woke, took a bit to recover, including drinking a lot of fluids, before he realized he was supposed to deliver me. Panicking, he called out, "Ms. Tate! Where are you?"
I replied, "On the balcony."
He hurried out, then stopped short. "... Everyone can see you're naked!"
"So? The only ones who can see me are in this building, as this balcony can only be seen by this interior courtyard. Given how much you all will examine my body, I see no reason not to enjoy the sun."
"Please come. I have to bring you to the master."
"Very well." I got up, facing the courtyard, then gave a great stretch and yawn, with my legs apart enough to show everything. Then I turned around, and walked right past him and put my robe back on. However, I didn't fully close it before I tied it back together. While my breasts were covered, my vagina was on full display. I rushed things a bit, and acted impatient, so he didn't notice that. He then led me back to the master's office, where I turned around and thanked him for such a nice encounter. That's when he noticed my vagina.
He stared at it long enough, that I feigned surprise when I looked to see what he was looking at. "Oh my, has that been visible the whole way here? That would explain why everyone was looking at us oddly." I then turned my head to Master Zhāng and said, "Sorry about that."
The master said, "Mingli, you are dismissed. Ms. Tate? A courtier came by with your luggage. If you will follow me, I will bring you to your room." I nodded for him to proceed. "Ms. Tate? Your robe?"
"Oh! Sorry." I then undid it, opened it wide, then closed it properly before tying it again. I smiled, and said, "Ready."
He nodded, and led me to a suite with two beds, but only one woman in it. "This is Ms. Johnson... Yes, she is from your land, and so I thought it might be easier to have someone who understands your culture."
"Hi. I'm Ivy, Ivy Johnson."
"Becky Sue Tate."
"Now that you've met, I'll leave you to get acquainted." The master then left.
She invited me in, and showed me around. Eventually, she brought me to my room, where my silk duffel was on the bed. As I pulled out and put away my outfits, she said, "Oh, such beautiful outfits. Wherever did you find them?"
"I made them."
"You did?"
"As you can see, I am unusually tall. By now, you have likely heard I have four breasts. You cannot get off the rack clothing to fit me. So I learned how to make my own clothing."
"Wow. Yet it looks kind of like what's currently in fashion, but more interesting."
"I had the current fashions described, and took my inspiration from that and my knowledge of what works for me."
"You also have jewelry like I've never seen before. It matches the outfits perfectly. Who made it?"
"I did. I started with cosplay, then learned to make the real stuff. I've had a lot of practice, but I haven't sold any of my creations, nor think it likely. I've given some away, though."
"Wow... I just said that again, didn't I?"
"Yep. But I like honest emotions. Even if they seem simplistic, or banal. Words are just a way to convey meaning, so I don't sweat the specific words."
"Wo- I'm not going to say that, again. It took me weeks to figure that lesson out in my telepathy classes."
"You are a student?"
"Yes. I'm here to learn how to be a psychic healer, of sorts. You?"
"I'm just visiting. I have a psychic magic item that I need help with."
"Wow. Shit. I said it again. Sorry. You're the one who whooped Daiyu? Can you teach me to do that?"
"Possibly, but not only did I learn to do it before I had any training, I've also been 'enhanced' by my goddess. You'll have to convince the divine on your own." I grinned to show her the joke in what I said.
"Oh man, you are over the top. You hungry? I gotta introduce you to my friends in the dining hall."
"Sounds great."
After getting our food, she led the way to a large table already half filled.
"Hey Ivy, who's your friend?"
"Hey all, this is Becky Sue. She's visiting for a bit, not a student like us. But I had an empty bed in my suite, and was chosen to help her out."
"My professor said a very tall woman sexually wore out Mingli. You're tall. Was it you?"
"Yep. Afterwards, he took a two-hour nap."
Off to my side, I heard Ivy say, "Wow. Shit." She blushed, and then tried to hide the fact she said anything.
The other student continued, "Great. That player met his match, and then some. Maybe he'll ease up on us."
Another replied, "Maybe for a day or two."
Eventually, Ivy introduced her friends, and gave me a quick summary of why they were there. However, since my conquest of Mingli came up in conversation, my sexual activities dominated conversation. Later, back at the room, Ivy and I swapped some pointers on mental techniques. Then, we both went to bed.
In the morning, I got up before Ivy, so I went and took a shower. Ivy was waiting for hers when I came out, still naked. She stared at my breasts for a while, before saying, "Are they real?"
So I got close to her, took her hands, and placed them on my breasts. "Yes, feel for yourself." I even pushed them around on my breasts. Ivy didn't know what to do. So I then placed her hands on the other pair, and moved them about. "By the way, I like doing women as well, if you're interested."
"Eep!" She quickly pulled her hands off of me, and ran into the bathroom, closing the door. I could hear her heavy breathing through the door. After a moment, I went into my room to dry off and dress. I got breakfast, then went to the meeting room.
I arrived a little early to the meeting, ready to see how they would help. I ensured I had prepared for their mental inquiries, but I also opened my mind to listen to their leaks. I was surprised that only a few kept a tight rein on their thoughts like I did. Master Zhāng was quite tight. Once the meeting started, he asked each of them to examine me. He informed them of what he found in his own examination. While they hesitated, I just climbed on the table and lay down. Then I opened my shirt, revealing my breasts, and said "The tattoo is in the middle of my breasts. Right about here." I then used a finger to outline it.
Conversation stopped. A minute later, Master Zhāng said, Mingli, as you are already familiar with her body, why don't you start. Please examine the tattoo." There were a few snickers, and Mingli blushed, but got up and moved to begin examining me. He announced a spell, and after examining me, Mingli told what it revealed. I studied each spell as it was cast, and also the mind that cast it, so I could maybe learn it. The cross talk of other minds watching also gave me insights to the spell. Several of the others intently watched with their own magic-enhanced vision. After an hour, Mingli finished, and deferred to another.
Master Zhāng then called upon Daiyu. "Me, Master? After what happened yesterday?"
"Yes, you. She showed you mercy, so clearly she is willing to be examined by you. On the other hand, you need to focus on your work, and do it well."
She still hesitated, so I said, "Daiyu, I came here for help. Master Zhāng thinks you can help. Please proceed."
She nodded, and then moved up to examine me. Like Mingli, she announced the spell, then told her results after she used it to examine me. I noticed her mind seemed wide open while she did her examination. I also noted two others who were taking advantage of this. I whammied both, but with a mild leg cramp. Two more examined me before lunch was called. I was surprised when two carts were wheeled in, with food. I closed my shirt, and got off the table, and joined the rest in getting something to eat. Lunch was called an hour later, and the exams continued. Four others gave me their best. Three more times someone took advantage of the examiner's openness so three more got leg cramps.
Master Zhāng said we would meet again tomorrow, to discuss everything, then dismissed us. After everyone left, I asked him, "Master, I have a concern about some of your people, as well as a question about the one who did not do an examination."
"Do not worry about Master Po. His magic skills are not up to such an examination. However, his analytic skills, when it comes to magic, are the best we have. Trust me, he paid close attention to all that occurred today. Given the number of leg cramps that occurred today, and who they occurred to, and what happened yesterday, he knows you were responsible, even if neither of us noticed your touch."
"You knew, and said nothing?"
"Yes. Those you targeted are known for intruding beyond where they are welcome. The question is how you knew?"
Looking down for a moment, I looked back at him and said, "I, too, was watching all, but only what leaked, without entering another mind. When I saw them go where I chose not to, I decided to distract them. Knowing how important this was, I did not want them to be too distracted, so I settled on a little thing that they could ignore if they focused on the work, like they should."
"Not many can tell when someone is using their power on another. Fewer, still, that care. So, what is your concern?"
"I noted Daiyu, and several others, seemed excessively open when she worked. It makes her quite vulnerable when she's working. Are you aware of that?"
"Yes. It is one of my tasks as master here to make them aware of their vulnerability, as well as to teach them how to protect themselves. For Daiyu, it is holding her back from leaving and working on her own. She needs another to protect her while she works, and has not found any she trusts here."
"Okay. I just wanted you to be aware. It is not my place to run your school."
"You have already meddled. Don't worry, it has got them on their toes, which is a good thing. If you go too far, you will answer to me. Given your skill, it will take them a while to catch on. I, too, am fascinated at just what you can do. In the meantime, come join me for dinner. I know a nice place nearby."
"Gladly."
He took me to a small family restaurant, and we discussed many things over dinner. He even suggested I spend some time with a telepath teacher, so I could teach her what I did with Daiyu. The food was quite good. I decided to make a small pearl, and I placed it into the server's hands when I clasped them, to thank them for their good food. Later, Ivy asked me what my day was like, so I told her I was being examined all day, but the food provided was quite good.
I went to bed early, but not to sleep. Instead, I recalled each of the spells used, and used Inanna's gift to evaluate them. As I did, I wrote them in a book I had. I looked for ways to improve them significantly. Two looked interesting, so I wrote them down on loose paper, along with the changes needed to make them better. I made copies for myself and for Master Zhāng, as well. I planned to study them all, later.
In the morning, Ivy was again surprised when I walked out of the shower naked. This time, I teased her, by walking with a distinct swaying of my hips until I was in my room. Just before the meeting, I pulled the master aside, and showed him the notes I had made on the two spells. "Master, I have some suggestions for making them better. One copy is for you, and one for the caster. I leave it to you as to when."
"From what I heard, you're not studying to be a mage. How did you recognize these spells?"
"I did not even know about them. Rather, I studied them as they were cast. I may not have got it right, but I do have a studious eye and mind. I, apparently, also am gifted with magic. I might be completely off, but more likely, I have come close, and my ideas might work."
He looked at my description of one of the spells, and although glancing quickly, he said, "You have seen clearly. The details might be off, and that could invalidate everything, but it is remarkable you did this with only seeing it yesterday." He was quickly distracted by someone's arrival, so I went to sit down. Like last time, I did not contribute much with the analysis, but I felt keeping my mind open to leaks would both help me understand their thinking, and it might also let me see connections others might not. I also expected I would need to answer a lot of questions.
I was right. I was asked a lot of questions, and when I understood that they helped their study, I answered. Otherwise, I asked what the purpose of the question served. Soon, most of those questions stopped. Sometimes, I volunteered information if I felt it helped with one of those unseen connections. Master Po let the others take the lead, but his questions and comments were clearly insightful, and he was quite respected with this crowd. After breaking for lunch, we resumed, but Master Zhāng led us to the roof.
Once there, he directed a second examination session, but he asked me to try activating it a little. So I imagined myself saying, "I am Isis!" Then I tried to levitate six inches off the surface. When they noticed I was actually levitating, they began. I was quite surprised when Master Zhāng took a turn after the others, and tied both spells with the suggested modifications. I quickly realized several others were also surprised. After he explained what he found, he called it for the night. I lowered myself, and then imagined saying, "I am Becky Sue." As I suspected, the talisman's power disappeared.
The next day, I teased Ivy again, before dressing and going to the meeting.
While there were a number of ideas bandied about, several facts became apparent. The screening spell on the talisman allowed more through when active. This allowed them to get a better idea of what it might be able to do. I told them of all the ideas I had about it, and why I felt the talisman might allow some form of the idea. They took my ideas, and combined them with the facts they learned yesterday. We spent most of the day creating a plan of things to try. I had lunch with the telepath master. We broke early, and a man and woman stopped to speak to me.
He started by saying, "We were impressed by what you did with Mingli. We were wondering if you might be interested in a threesome?"
Looking at her, I asked, "You desire this, as well?" She nodded. "Then I would be happy to join you. Shall we start now, or later, and where?"
She looked to him, and said, "Now would be great. My place is also close."
"Then lead." We walked away, I noticed a lot of people sent thoughts to me asking to observe. I felt like giving them a treat, so I said they could. As we went through the halls, I invoked Inanna's power, and began loosening my outfit to make it easy to get nude. I was also careful to limit the observers to my body's feelings, and not my thoughts. By the time we arrived, I already had my shirt off. When they turned to invite me in, they were confronted with a very aroused woman, which in turn aroused them both instantly. I entered, and removed my skirt as they stared. I was naked before they closed the door. They both quickly got naked, and we headed to the bedroom.
I also drew upon An's power, and took command of the session. Lightly reading their minds, I soon had both in ecstasy. As they came down from our first shared orgasm, I asked them if they wanted to share their feelings. Both said yes, so I worked on accessing their body's feelings. When I had succeeded, I told the observers I had a treat. Then I added the pair to what they saw and felt. Several were shocked at suddenly getting three people's feelings rather than one.
I soon had both yelling and screaming again. I used my whammie to get both to not come, so I could build them up even more. I finally allowed them to come again, and it was even greater than before. We changed positions again, and I built the orgasm up again. My whammie made them go even further, and I was able to really go to town with them both. When I let them go, it was as if the earth was shaking for them, it was so strong. Before he finished coming, he was unconscious. She wasn't much better.
This time, I relocated to be just with her, and began building her up again. I kept it slow, so she could recover a bit, but I wasn't helping by fingering her as I sucked on a breast. She was sucking on mine as well, since we were inverted. When she was about to come, I stopped, and told her to lick my vagina and I would do hers. I made sure this was also shown to the audience, and I could feel their strong interest. After positioning myself, I began to lightly lick her. Beginning with a teasing lick near her opening, I spiraled in getting closer and closer. Finally I reached it, and she came.
But I wasn't done. I quickly told her to continue doing me, and she really tried. However, that could not compete with my tongue. I slowly extended it into her. Her orgasm receded, but did not end. Pushing further in, and thickening my tongue, I started going in and out. At the end of each stroke, I rubbed her G-spot. Soon her orgasm, rather than fading out, started getting stronger. That's when I started feeling my audiences' response. I soon sent that back as well, and caused them to be overloaded with sexual feelings.
I felt it was time to end this session, so I allowed myself to also come, and come strongly. With that added to the mix, the woman beneath me cried out even harder, and fell unconscious. It also caused everyone watching to achieve climax, with the men blowing and the women orgasming. None of the watchers were in a state to continue watching, so I said that's all for now, and shut down their connections. I then looked at both of my sleeping partners with Inanna's healing to ensure both were okay. Aside from needing restorative food, they were fine. I went to the main room, and used Aja's power to create a wooden bowl filled with assorted fruit. Eating one, I added Everest's power to make a pitcher and a pair of glasses. Then back to Aja's power to create fruit juice. I then went back to the bedroom, and arranged their bodies in comfortable positions, and put a cover over them.
I sought out the shower, and cleaned myself. Drying off with An's power, I then went back and dressed. As I was rather hungry, I went to the dining hall. While a little early, it was open. I spoiled myself, and got a lot. I took my time, and had a number of visitors. Soon, rumors were flying about a number of women unexpectedly having orgasms and men having unexpected explosions in their pants. Half an hour later, the truth started to circulate, and people started staring at me.
Finally, a guy asked me, "Is it true? Did you send over twenty into ecstasy just by letting others feel what you felt?"
"I believe so. But they did ask to watch." I then bared a breast, and openly played with it. "Perhaps I am too much woman for them." I then sent Inanna's power to him, and the lady next to him. Both collapsed, clearly overcome by their body's reaction. I then continued eating, but with my breast still out.
By this time, Ivy had sat down at my table, and when she saw what happened, she exclaimed, "Wow. You are so hot. You just talked with them, and they came. Wow..." Then she hung her head in shame, and said, "I did it again. I keep saying 'wow'. Why can't I stop saying that word?"
I answered, "I think it likely was your upbringing. I have noticed that while you have a New York accent, your speech seems closer to Appalachian usage."
"Huh? How can you possibly know that? I've worked hard to eliminate all traces of that."
"Simple. I grew up there, as well. I, too, have worked to hide it, but only because it was useful for my profession. Additionally, I have learned a lot about how to recognize subtle cues in speech, so I noticed yours."
"... I almost said it again. How can you be so much, and all I am is so little?"
"Remember, I said I am not a student? A student is usually young, like you. I am older than I look, and have had a lot of responsibility thrust upon me. I have had to learn things you have yet to experience. In essence, I have become a 'wise woman' or 'clan elder' by all my experience. You, on the other hand, are still working to establish yourself, and so are very unfinished. We never become finished, but I am further along than you. That is what you are reacting to."
"Oh. It sounds so simple when you explain it." I just smiled.
The dining room finally kicked us out at closing. By this time, everyone had heard what all happened in that room. Ivy walked with me quietly as we returned to our rooms. She went to study for a while, but after an hour, she went to her room. I sensed that she was pleasuring herself, and trying to be quiet. I went to my room and was meditating, when I heard a knock on my door.
"Enter."
Ivy came in. She was dressed in her robe, but it wasn't secured well. "I'm having trouble studying. Thoughts of you, and what you did to that woman are distracting me."
"Do you want advice, or something else?"
"I already know what I should do, but I can't do it. I tried to satisfy myself, but I couldn't."
"How can I help?"
"When you did that woman, you sent her flying with pleasure. I'm not into girls, but I can't stop thinking about how she felt. I need to feel that."
"So you want to be with me, just this once, so you can satisfy your curiosity?"
"... Yes. I'm so embarrassed."
"I've been in the sex business for quite a while. It happens more often than people expect. You have already seen that I have no embarrassment when it comes to sex. And despite the rumors flying today, I am discreet.'
"But how do you explain today?"
"They openly asked me to have sex with them while others were near. I shortly was asked by quite a few if they could watch telepathically. I allowed access to what I felt. After their first climax, I asked if they wanted to share."
"People really do that?"
"Yes. Some like to expose themselves in public for sexual gratification. You may have noticed my attire doesn't always cover me in public. Others want to be seen doing it. Some care who see them, others don't."
"Wow. Shit. There I go again." I just smiled at her. "You find this funny?"
"Yes. Don't you?"
She thought for a bit then chuckled, and said, "You're right it is funny."
"Now that you've had a laugh at yourself, why not get naked and join me. Unlike the others who wanted to show off, this will be about pleasing you. You set the pace, not me." I then lay back and stretched, displaying my breasts proudly before I crooked my finger and signaled her to come.
"I've never done anything like this before."
"Then we'll take it slow. Why not begin by exploring my body. Surely you are curious, and I don't mind curiosity at all. So go ahead." I waited patiently, and she eventually reached out to feel a lower breast. When she moved to another one, I said, "I really do have four and they are all natural, as you have felt."
"You said you have more experience than me. Do you have kids?" I nodded. "What's it like to nurse them?"
"Wonderful. But most women would say that. I expect you want to know what it's like nursing with four breasts?" She nodded. "I only ever used the upper ones for that, once I learned that a baby's eyes are focused at the distance from the breast to the face. That helps to promote the bond from the baby to the mother. But others who sampled my milk said there was no difference between my breasts as far as taste was concerned. Sometimes, at home, I would be nursing, and my husband would nurse from a lower breast at the same time."
"You're married? You don't act that way."
"We are swingers, and we love telling stories of our encounters to each other. We've been doing this since before we got married."
"Will you tell of this? About me?"
"To an extent. I won't identify you, nor say where or when. But sex due to curiosity does not make a great tale. So if you want, I will say nothing. Coming back for seconds another time, however, is another matter." I then grinned.
"You think I would come back?"
"That depends on you. I am good enough to make you want to, but because you are curious, and are concerned about being normal, I won't do that. As I said before, you set the pace, you set the rules."
She thought about it for a while, then suddenly pulled her hand away. So I said, "Take as long as you need. Explore where you will. Ask me questions, and I'll answer honestly."
Over the next two hours, she explored my body, and asked many questions, before finally deciding to have sex with me. When she inquired about what I used to pound the woman with, I said I have a long and talented tongue. I offered to show her, and soon she too was bucking in ecstasy before coming. Afterwards, there was a slow 'wow'. She then fell asleep curled up against me, so I went to sleep, as well.
I woke first and watched her as she sleepily sucked my nipple, and had a hand on a breast as she leaned on me. She woke with a start when she realized where she was. "Ack! Sorry! Excuse me." She rushed to get off my bed.
"It's okay. Tell me, with your questions about me answered, do you think you can study now?"
Still trying to cover herself, she backed out of my room, but did answer, "I... I think so."
Standing up, I said, "Good. I'll be in the shower, but I'll be quick."
The meeting today discussed what they found, and it was a lot more than I expected. There was also discussion about the modified spells, but the master only said it was an experiment suggested to him. They, again, reviewed all the possibilities suggested, and worked on a plan to determine if they existed, and what I would need to do to activate it. In the afternoon, we again went to the roof, and started working on telekinesis, as that seemed to have great potential. Within fifteen minutes, I learned how to activate the talisman's power to push, pull, and move. I also learned that I could handle two things at once, but they didn't appear to notice, so I didn't tell them.
Another aspect of the telekinesis was that I learned I could move myself as I levitated. It was here that the first big surprise occurred. As I slowly moved about floating, I was instructed to push the control a certain way, and suddenly, something happened to my arms. All we could see was long feathers coming out my sleeves past my hands. When I tried to take off my robe to free my arms, it failed due to the sleeves getting stuck. So I used another ability I had developed, and imagined I had a second pair of arms, and then I used those arms to cast the spell that sends my clothing back to my room.
Suddenly, I was naked, and all could see there were feathers on my arms. I spread them, and intermediately recognized the feathered aspect of the Isis seen with hieroglyphs. On a whim, I thought about flying forward slowly. Suddenly, I moved forward quickly. I thought to stop, and I stopped. I then turned around and levitated slowly over, until I was back where I began.
Later that day, they found I could use telekinesis to stop something from falling. Soon after, we could see its use as a shield. I was careful with this knowledge, so I made it move slowly, and only cover a small area, to imply that it wasn't that useful. The next day, we worked on the other aspects of the talisman, and learned I could create water. Again, I soft pedaled it, and said that since they didn't notice anything special, that we should move on. The last thing found was that there was some sort of healing power. That night, while meditating, I realized I could access the talisman's screen to hide the power, even as it was used. This let me hide the results of their testing.
Part of each day was spent with the telepath master. She and I would talk about, and explore my mental abilities. I would listen with a wide-open leak detection to catch all sorts of tidbits. She asked me to teach her how to whammie. Later, she asked about the leak detection I used, and helped me to make it better.
The next day, I was able to hide several other discoveries, and since they found nothing, they deemed they had found all they could. The day after, Master Zhāng escorted me back to Master Chang, and gave his report. One of the things I learned in my meditations was that the talisman allowed me to get a lot more out of my listening to leaks from other minds. I used it, and my new mental training, at that meeting to learn all I could from them. Master Zhāng left, and Master Chang said he had sent for Hugeng. He then turned the talk to the two modified spells I had given to Master Zhāng. When he learned I came up with the idea by just imagining the spell as it worked, he was shocked.
He was silent for nearly five minutes, before he said, "Follow me. I want to see you do something." As we left, he told Miss Lai, "We will be in my spell lab." She acknowledged him, and we went on. This turned out to be a tower, several stories higher than the nearby buildings. While stairs circled the inner wall of the hollow center of the tower, he directed me to a raised circular platform at the bottom of the hollow area. He activated it, and we rose past all the bracing, up the tower, and into a circle in the ceiling. Going through, we walked off, and the glowing disk dissipated. Off to the side were stairs up to the next floor, as well as a simple dorm setup, no doubt for resting while researching.
This floor was wide open, and wider than the space below. I recalled seeing several such towers that got twice as wide at the top. To one side was a desk, and plenty of papers. Nearby, were many things I didn't recognize, but gave me the impression of a magic laboratory. So, this was where he did his own research.
"Come, read this and show me the problem you see." He handed me a few pages of notes about a spell.
Secretly invoking Isis' talisman, I opened my mind to his leakage. I picked the pages up, and read them all. Asking a number of questions, about the new spell and what it was supposed to do, and how it was to do it, I then sat and meditated on it. I gained a lot of information from the leakage, and a lot was about how magic worked. While I knew some, I also learned a lot, as well. For the meditation, after invoking Inanna's power in magic, I focused on the effect desired, and started adding components from the spell in the notes I had been given. This let me see that two components were actually working against the desired effect. I then imagined the many spells that I knew of for ones that would contribute. I found five that could help, but there was some overlap. Then, I imagined what remained so that I could describe what still was needed.
I asked for a blank piece of paper to write my comments. There I mentioned the seven spells and their interactions, as well as what still needed to be added. "Here. I suspect you know the means to complete this spell, after you make the changes I mentioned."
He read my notes, and got a thoughtful look on his face. Going to the books on the shelf, he pulled out two. He opened the first, and flipped to a particular page, and passed me the book. "Read this spell, and tell me how it can help." As I read, he looked in the second book. By the time I was ready, he held a finger in the second book.
"This spell is better than some of the spells I suggested. And also reduces the unknown part you need."
He took the book, and handed me the other. "Add in this spell."
After reading it, I said, "Yes. I think the addition of this one will be sufficient to achieve what you need."
"Now for the final part. Can you write out the complete spell, as you see it?" He placed both books on the desk, open to the two spells, and also the papers he had first had me look at. Then he handed me blank paper.
"I will need to meditate a bit to do this. It could be a while."
"I can wait."
After filling the first page with a structural overview, I then began with the spell on the next page. I used the first page to set things in my mind so that I could hang the description on it. Once my mental map was done, I transcribed it onto paper, but I added notes explaining the stress points where near perfection was far more important. I also added warnings where errors could get hazardous. When I finished, I looked up, and said, "Here." Looking down, there were over twenty pages. He had only handed me five, so he must have handed me more as I needed it.
He picked up the stack, and began to read. Repeatedly, he looked briefly at me before going back to the spell. Writing a short note on another piece of paper, he cast a spell on it, and I understood he sent a message to someone. I gave him a look, and he said, "Test material." Twenty minutes later, Wáng arrived, out of breath, clearly from carrying the pair of bags up the stairs quickly. Master Chang gave him a few minutes to recover before he began giving orders to him. In one bag he had a pair of chickens, and the other had several geometric solids, and other fancy hollow shapes. He sent Wáng to the far side of the room, and told him to prepare to catch the objects. He then asked if I would toss the objects through the spell. I nodded, so he then cast the new spell.
Before him appeared a portal, and across the way a portal appeared to one side of Wáng. The master nodded, and I tossed a simple solid through. He asked Wáng if there was any deformation? There wasn't. I kept tossing objects through, and Wáng caught most. The only one damaged, was one he failed to catch. Master Chang let the spell go. He went over and examined all the objects, and even performed spells on them, before deciding the portal was working. He then sent Wáng to the floor below, and said to prepare to catch some chickens. Fortunately, their feet were tied, so they couldn't run around.
Wáng called out when he was in place. Master Chang cast the spell again, and I tossed a chicken through, aiming a little high. Since we could see each other, he was able to catch it. We could see the chicken had no more concern than any chicken that was tossed about. The portal did not make any difference. He then ended the spell. "Your turn."
"Huh? You want me to do this?"
"Yes. Let's see if your gift is that good."
Very well. So I stilled my mind, and used my life sense to locate Wáng, but from a different side than Master Chang used. I then cast the spell, with the near end by the master, and held it. I briefly nodded, and he picked up the other chicken. "Hey, Wáng. Over here. Good. Catch." He then tossed the other chicken. "Now toss it back at me." Wáng tossed it back, but it went low. I caused a small burst of wind to lift the chicken a little so that it didn't land hard. The portal seemed to waver briefly, but steadied. "Okay, now bring the other chicken back here, through the portal."
Wáng was immediately worried, but after screwing up his courage, came through with the chicken. "Good. Now put the chickens back in the bag." Turning back to me, he said, "Please drop the spell, and collect the objects please." So I dropped the spell. Wáng got wide eyed, and almost said something, but saw Master Chang was watching him. He chose to say nothing. When all was collected, he was to take the bags for examination by Master Huáng.
With him gone, Master Chang said, "I've been working on that spell for several years. There are similar spells, but the ability to be two way, and allowing the portals to be in any orientation is unique. You took my research, assimilated it, and finished it in hours. I now truly believe you made that gateway as quickly as you said. Let's go back down, and wait for Hugeng."
I followed him back down, using the magic platform, and we went back to his office. When we got there, we found Hugeng talking to Miss Lai. They saw us and Hugeng said, "So, did you solve the mysteries of the universe?"
I replied, "Two, actually. The one I came here for, and one for Master Chang."
Before he could reply, the master said, "I asked her advice on a project of my own. I now believe the timing you mentioned of her skill."
"How did that happen?"
"Join me for a glass of wine. You as well, miss." We followed him into his office, where he opened a hidden panel, and pulled out a bottle of wine. He placed it on his desk, then went to the open bar and grabbed a pair of expensive glasses and then put them on the desk before going back for a third. After searching for a bit, he grabbed a simple glass and came back to the desk, saying, "I can't find a matching one."
I reached for and picked up one of the glasses, and examined it closely, and set it back down. Then I concentrated and created a matching glass using Everest's power. I did leave a small difference at the base, where I placed my initials as tiny etched fancy letters. When I looked up, he snatched it and an original, and compared them.
"What kind of spell is this? The only difference is the initials."
Hugeng chuckled before saying, "That is priestly magic, not a spell."
"Oh? I've seen magic duplicate things before, but adding that subtle a difference, and in exquisite detail, is hard."
"She works hard at all she does. By now, that is not too complex for her."
"You've seen her do this before?"
"Several years ago. We were playing in my lake, and testing ourselves against each other. At one point, she suggested we dive for sunken treasure. I agreed, but then she created it. A small metal chest filled with minor value jewels. Later, I had them examined by a qualified jeweler. They were deemed real."
"There was no magic tell?"
"None that I could find. Becky Sue, could you make him two or three small jewels?" I concentrated, and then suddenly, a small ruby, a large piece of jade, and a large pearl were on the desk in front of him. Hugeng gave me a look, then said, "Please, examine these and let me know."
Looking at me, Master Chang asked, "Do you mind?"
"Actually, I would prefer you do all you can. If I am making fakes, I would rather know it."
That answer startled him, but he just started casting several spells. With my mind still open from before, I memorized his spells. "I find no trace of magic of any kind. It will be interesting to see their value."
"I think you will find them high quality."
"They look it."
"So, you mentioned you now believe in her speed?"
He poured himself a second glass, and gulped half of it down before answering. "I've been working on a variation of the short range portal for several years. I wanted to make it two way, and to make the ends be independently orientated."
"Not an easy spell to create. Much better than the standard one way version."
"I gave her my notes, and asked her to evaluate it and tell me. She told me where I had effects that hurt it, and some effects that would help, and what the missing effects that had to be added. I showed her some other spells with those effects and more, and she deemed it sufficient. I then had her write it down. After examining it- she has beautiful handwriting, by the way- I tried it. It worked. Then I gave it the standard tests, and it passed. I let her cast it for the last test, and she did. Then, since a certain student has been in trouble, again, I had him walk back through her portal. He didn't realize anything odd until I told her to let it go. He thought I was the one casting. As I said, I spent years on it, and in hours, she finished it. That level of speed is unnatural. Master Zhāng has a similar appreciation of her skill. He told me she was likely hiding something during the testing, and there should have been more found, but she is good at being 'innocent' of doing wrong."
"I did warn her about exposing what she can do."
"Oh? You think someone will try to challenge her?"
"Several have. More would if they knew what she can do. Please ask Master Zhāng to say little to nothing about her. Too many power-hungry types would rise up against her, trying to enslave or control her. They will likely fail, but the damage that occurs as they try, will likely be bad for everyone. Like me, she cares for the little people that lack power, and wants to protect them."
"... And the best way is to not be challenged. I agree. Is she really that good?"
"She can take me."
"What?"
"In our first true sparring, she hit me with a large bolt of lightning. It was clear she could do it again, repeatedly. I stopped the session then, knowing she would win if she did that."
"You can protect yourself from mage bolts."
"It wasn't that kind. It was from the storm above us. And she clearly aimed it at me."
"You're right. That's a lot more powerful."
I asked, "Hugeng, do you trust him to know who I took down?"
Hugeng looked at me, and thought, then said, "Yes."
"Have you heard of a lady mage called the Demon Hand?" He nodded. "She is now dead, and I have her library."
His jaw dropped. Hugeng said, "I can confirm that."
"Hugeng, you said I didn't need to be afraid of her. You are wrong. She is scary good."
"I know. But you are not evil, and so need not be concerned. She is competitive, and a perfectionist, but not one hungry for power. Her language tutor left, defeated, after about a year when he thought it would take at least five to teach her."
"To think I sent her walking with a minimal escort to the other school. Who knows what damage she could have done with her magic."
"She wouldn't have used magic on others. She can also take me on a physical level. She is merciful enough that they would most likely be left bruised and broken, but alive to learn better."
"Well, I'll send her stuff to you. It will be quiet without her. Apparently, several people have learned what it means to tangle with a priestess of a sex goddess."
"Oh?"
I said, "A number of them wanted to watch telepathically. I allowed them to, but apparently, it was a bit too much for them."
Hugeng gave a full-belly laugh before settling down and saying, "You'll have to tell me all about it." Standing up, he turned to the master and said, "Thank you, Master Chang. For everything."
I, too, stood, bowed, and said, "Thank you, wise master. I have learned much from you and yours."
On the way out of town, Hugeng asked me, "When did you add pearls to the jewels?"
"That would be courtesy of Aja. Her magic allows me to create organics. Wood has been far more useful for me."
"Interesting. Shall we return directly, or stay overnight here?"
"Actually, I thought to make a brief stop at my place to show you my notes on the portal."
"Very well. But the nearest gate to your home is in Egypt. Sure you want to do that?"
"Actually, that might help me test a theory I have about my new talisman."
"Oh?"
"It's a surprise. Let's go. But I want to change outfits before going through."
"Very well. We'll stop at my place for you to change, then head to the portal."
As I changed, Hugeng taught me how to recognize the public portals here, and how to use them. He even had me control the one we used. We arrived in Cairo, in an oriental bathhouse. I was in current Egyptian garb, but with a sleeveless outfit. It was evening, and I first took Jiao-long, as he is called here, to a place where I could buy a geographic map of Egypt.
"Why the map and flashlights?"
"I don't know this part of the world well enough, so I need something to navigate by. Now, let's go out of town, where we won't be seen."
As we traveled, Jiao-long tried to get me to tell him, but I stayed quiet. Finally, I was satisfied. "Now, for the big reveal. First, a little camouflage." I created a small grove of trees between us and the city. "It's dark enough now, that a flashlight will be useful."
Walking back a little, I spread my arms wide, and activated the talisman. Then I triggered the wings. "Myth has her speed quite fast. Time to see how it really works." I then imagined quickly flying up four miles. Stopping high up, I heard a soft boom. I also realized I was higher than I expected, and in under a second. I then got the map out, and figured out what to look for on my return. After putting it away, I imagined quickly flying to my home, but high in the sky. I was amazed at how fast I was moving, yet I felt only a little wind. Hovering when I got there, I again heard a soft boom. It was clearly mid-morning. I focused on my place, specifically my little hidden training area out back. I then quickly flew down into it. Dismissing the wings, I used my life sense to see where everyone was. No one was here. I walked to the shed, and inside to get to my secret library and collected my magic notebook. I then went back to Jiao-long by reversing the steps.
While hovering high over Cairo, I wasn't sure I had the correct location, so I focused on the dragon tattoo to try and sense where Jiao-long was. Turns out I was right over him. I then quickly flew down. He was meditating beneath a tree, and didn't notice me until the soft boom sounded.
"Where did you go?"
"I went home and got this." I handed him my journal.
"You went to California and back? It hasn't been that long. That's what, about thirty thousand kilometers round trip?"
"What's that in miles?"
"... I think something over eighteen thousand."
"The legends are right. She could fly anywhere in the world in just minutes."
"Nice."
"Shall we head to your place next? I want to train with the new abilities."
"Very well. Training should be interesting." We made a detour to collect some Nile water in several glass balls I created. An hour later, we were in his place after transferring at the imperial city. Soon, I told him what was discovered, and we worked out a training plan to get the most out of our time, as we didn't know how long we would have. After the sessions he read my journal, and we discussed my journey of magic discovery. I also updated the spells and magic I picked up at the academy, but they were the second book he had given me. He was amazed at how many spells I had picked up, and how much I learned of magic in the short time I was there.
The first thing we learned of these new powers was that they were slow to activate. The initial engagement of the talisman took a few seconds. Using any of the powers took a moment of thought, and did not work like a reflex. This basically precluded using it in combat in a reactive way. But if I knew ahead of time, I could mobilize them at a moment's notice. Once we realized that, I was able to pick off objects tossed at me with a telekinetic burst. We also learned that I could use it to push, pull, or lift multi-ton rocks. I could even carefully lift Hugeng and fly him with me.
The other thing we trained with was one of the skills I had hidden from the others. I was able to appear as another. I could even appear as one that only existed in my imagination. While using this, I added telekinesis to make the surface seem to be real, as far as touch was concerned. Thus, to sight and touch, I was as I seemed. Hugeng was quite surprised when I showed him Obsidian, and Kitty. He was quite impressed at my combat prowess as Obsidian, and that I was able to fight four-handed. He was also intrigued that I could fight two-handed, and use the others to cast spells.
After pushing me about using spells during combat, he had me do my best when I was not four-armed. I slipped up, and accidentally cast a spell in that combat, but I didn't use my real arms. When he realized that, he immediately stopped the sparring, and asked me what happened. That's when I told him that my effort in making the Obsidian character real, made me develop the mental skill to control a second set of arms even as the main set were occupied. I then said I tried casting spells with the second set of arms while wearing the prosthetic arms. When satisfied with that, I tried it without them. It wasn't as clean, but it seemed to work, so I practiced, until I could cast with my real arms, or with my imaginary arms.
While I was able to generate active shielding, it just wasn't fast enough for combat. Oh, if I knew where to expect an attack, it would be great. I could run to a line of enemies shooting at me shielded, but in the midst of enemies, it would almost be useless. I could use it to create a 'wall' to keep people off of me from one side, but that would be about it.
The generation of water was worked on at the end of a session, as a means of cooling off, and of having something to drink. I was not initially interested in working on it, but Hugeng said having a reliable source of water could make survival much more certain. I deferred using the Nile water, as I felt it was more toward the healing end of her magic, that I wanted to work on later, at home.
We were still working on the shielding, when an official summoned Hugeng. It seemed that the restless province had decided to act, and had assembled a fair-sized army. The little detail I overheard made me realize I had to help. So when Hugeng answered that he would come immediately, I just walked to his side and said I would join him.
"Becky Sue, you owe nothing to the Imperial Emperor. And you might be killed if you come."
"I know. But you are my friend, and what he says is happening is an evil I would gladly fight."
"You don't even know how to work with the Imperial Army."
"But you do, I assume, and I can do as you. Enough excuses. It is time to go."
Hugeng sighed, "Very well. I will help you adapt as I can, but stay very close." Turning back to the official, he said, "Let's return by way of my place. I can collect what I need, and she can prepare what she needs, as well."
"Do you vouch for her?"
"I do."
"Very well, but be quick."
We headed there at a jog, and I spoke with Hugeng telepathically, asking what I needed. He said I could probably create clothing, food, and water as needed, but I should start with armor and weapons. So I rushed into my room, and used a spell to instantly get naked, then I created a duplicate of my movie armor and weapons for Obsidian, but for only two arms. I used my Sumerian footwear, but with modern metal, as I knew how good it was, by experience. I met Hugeng and the official in only four minutes, ready for battle, with a heavy spear, two swords, bow and arrows, and several daggers. I even added the markings Hugeng told me to add to show I obeyed him. He didn't bother with armor, but he had a number of belts or straps holding his weapons and such.
When the official saw me, he said, "You look impressive, but can you use all that?" I just smiled, and Hugeng chuckled. "Well then, let's go." Hugeng set out at a fast jog, and the official was having difficulty keeping up. We went through the gate to the imperial city and the official was wheezing a bit before realizing that his transport was missing.
"Where is the cab? It was supposed to wait here. Someone's going to get it."
"Do we need to go someplace other than the palace?"
"Yes. We need to use the Mountain gate. There's no way we can get there quickly on foot."
Hugeng said, "We can run there, if there is that much need for speed."
"That would be great, but I must escort you. Security is tight."
I spoke telepathically to Hugeng, "I could make a rickshaw, and pull him behind me at speed, and we could run there. I will follow you."
He returned the thought, "Make it."
So, while the official was not looking, I used Aja's and Everest's powers to create a rickshaw, with wide wheels and a single well padded seat. I also included seat belts to keep him in, over any bumps. The shock-absorbers were simple springs, but better than nothing. I placed my spear, bow, and quiver in the side shelf and secured them. Then I spoke up, "Sir, I will pull you in this. Lord Hugeng will lead, and we will get to the gate quickly."
He turned around and said, "Where did that come from?"
Hugeng spoke before I could, and said, "Magic."
"It's a long way to pull someone."
"The sooner you get in, the sooner we can start."
He was hesitant, but finally did climb aboard. I telepathically explained to Hugeng about the belts, springs, and other things, so he could get the official securely in. Finally, the official said, "I am ready."
Hugeng nodded, and I followed. Then he began jogging, and I followed at the same pace. I pulled in Everest's power of endurance. Once we cleared the city, Hugeng sped up, and I followed right behind. On the straight parts he went full out, and I followed only a little further back, so I could slow when needed without losing my passenger. While the wheels were fairly large, it was still a bumpy ride for him. We turned off the main road to go down a winding side road. The curves kept the speed down, but we went about as fast as a marathon runner. Finally, we arrived at a large, temple-like building.
Hugeng said, "We have arrived." I pulled over to the side, and helped the official down, before re-arming myself. It was clear that the ride was a bit rough on him, but he didn't complain.
By this time, a selection of guards had come out and they had their weapons drawn. Hugeng was speaking with them, but since he seemed to be relaxed, I just kept silent and did not draw my own weapons. Instead, I just walked with the official as he joined Hugeng, then I stood up straight behind Hugeng. I opened my mind for leaks, so I could get a clue as to what was happening.
Turned out this was a restricted gate, and that the guards were here to keep everyone out, unless they had the right credentials. Our official had those credentials, some of which were verbal. Eventually, they let us through. Again, there was a group of guards, but they had an extra horse for the official. Turns out he is much better a rider than a runner. We set off, and must have done at least fifteen miles more before we arrived at the main camp.
Hugeng went to the command tent, with the official next to him, and me behind. When we tried to enter, I was blocked, and Hugeng was trying to get the guard to let me in. While it didn't get heated, the volume rose a little, and I could tell Hugeng was getting exasperated that I could not enter on his own authority. The official stayed out of it, beyond indicating that Hugeng had vouched for me. Suddenly, the tent flaps opened, and out came someone I knew.
"What's all this ruckus out here? Oh high, Lord Hugeng."
"Sir, while he is approved, she is not."
"Who?"
I stepped into view, and said, "Well met, Lord Monkey."
"Becky Sue? What brings you here? It is not your fight."
"True, but he is my friend. Also, what little I have heard about this fight leads me to think it is an evil that should be fought as opposed to a mere political spat over who controls what."
"You understand the danger?"
"I do. I was guard captain in a bronze age city for over a year. I also protected traveling merchants. I have killed, and risked my life before."
"Very well, come on it."
"Thank you, Lord Monkey." When he turned and went in, I followed. Hugeng and the official followed me in.
There were a number of others in the tent, as well as a central map with a lot laid out on it. I studied it a few moments before falling in behind Hugeng. Monkey said, "All, this is Lord Hugeng and his friend, Becky Sue Tate. She is as capable a fighter as he is, she is also quite smart, and commands some magic herself. As such, she is an unexpected benefit, and she has chosen to aid us. I intend to use her. Now let's get back to the planning. Lord Feng has left us no choice...."
When I realized he was going through a battle plan, I opened my mind, and invoked Isis's power to listen to the leakage. From that, I actually got a fairly good idea of what had really happened, and what they proposed to do. As he and others spoke I thought about it, given my own experience back in Sumeria. I only saw a few things, and most of them were asked or answered later. When he asked for any last questions, I stepped up.
He looked at me, so I spoke, "Lord Monkey, I noted your description of the area on the southern side. Such areas often have shallow caves, and thus places to hide. My own experience leads me to think it would be a fairly easy place for our opponent to ambush troops going through."
"You have a point. I don't think it likely, but gentlemen, keep this in mind." I stepped back to indicate that was all I had. Another also had a minor point. He then dismissed most, keeping Hugeng, myself, and another soldier back.
"Lord Hugeng, Ms. Tate, this is Detachment Commander Tian. You will be under his command. I am glad you made it in time to hear most of the main meeting. The Commander will give you your assignments.
"I am pleased to meet you, Lord Hugeng. I already have you slotted into my plans. However, Ms. Tate is an unknown. I don't know her abilities. Come, both of you to my tent, and we can discuss things."
We all took our leave, and followed him to his own tent. Once there, I saw it was a lesser command tent. Soon, we were discussing my abilities. Hugeng started with, "Commander, she was a potent warrior when I met her. We sparred daily for over a year, for the joy of it. On a good day, she can take me. If she adds offensive magic, she can take me on a bad day as well."
"So, she is a battle mage?"
"Sort of. She is a battle priestess, with several types of magic. In a battle with only mage-style magic, I would defeat her, I think. But she is full of surprises, and may have picked up some things I am unaware of. Her priestly magic, however, is far stronger."
"So, Ms. Tate, you are a priestess. Whom do you serve?"
"I mostly serve Queen Inanna, of the Sumerian pantheon. She is a goddess of sex and war, and I initially served her in a military capacity. I also serve Lord An, King of the Sumerian pantheon. I also have connections to three others."
"Ms. Tate, we travel light and fast. Are you able to ride a horse?"
"Yes, but I have not fought with one. Nor have I cared for one. I served as infantry, generally. I can shoot a bow from a horse."
"That will be a problem."
"I don't know if I can run for a whole day, but I ran alongside as we hurried here from the gate. I noted the horse was winded."
"Unlikely. Running about forty imperial li should leave you worn out."
Hugeng interrupted, "She augments her body with divine magic. As such, she can outrun me over three times the distance. And if need be, she can use other divine magic to go even faster, but it tends to get too much attention for her liking."
"Shy? That could be a problem. She is the only female in my command, and I will have to figure out what to do with her, as far as quarters."
"She is not shy. Not by a long shot. But she is humble in the use of power. As to being the only female, being the priestess of a goddess of sex means she is very familiar with sex. I have seen her at a casual gangbang of her own desire. I know she routinely has enjoyed orgies. On the other hand, when she chooses, she can seem sexless for weeks or months on end."
"Interesting. I already have a decent-sized tent for you, Lord Hugeng. Would it be acceptable to quarter her with you?"
"That would be simplest, and we are already used to each other's company. I can also use the time to teach her our rules of warfare."
The commander turned to me, and said, "You don't know the rules? Your speech is very refined, so I am surprised you don't know our ways better."
"I was taught by a learned scholar, at the command of the imperial palace. While I can speak the language, and write elegantly, I am still a foreigner. I know the rules of ancient Sumeria, I am familiar with my own land's rules, but not yours. However, I expect if I keep several opponents busy, others can kill or capture, as appropriate. Likewise, if I knock them out. But if it is to kill, then I can do that, but I want explicit instructions to do so."
"Lord Hugeng, while that will suffice for now, teach her quickly."
"I shall."
"Outside, you will find your camp aide. He will deal with your tent. We move out early tomorrow." He dismissed us.
We spent the rest of the day getting to know the people under his command. We got a meal, and I sparred with a few of them, so they could see I was skilled. We went to our tent and settled in for the night. Our aide found bedding and a backpack for me. I filled it, as Hugeng suggested. Then we went to bed. When I sensed the camp waking up, I got up and dressed. Hugeng was up and ready as well. Exiting, he led me over where they were handing out breakfast. A simple meal that could be eaten in one hand without utensils. While the camp was broken down, we ate, and Hugeng filled me in on their rules of combat. We spoke telepathically, so as not to alarm anyone. When the command came to mount up, I followed Hugeng, and we took our places to the side near the head of the line. I resumed my thought monitoring, and also invoked Everest's endurance.
While I got some looks, they soon disappeared as we moved out. The horses were going as fast as they could sustain over a long time, and I was easily keeping up. When Commander Tian pulled up beside me, half an hour in, he asked how well I was handling the pace, I told him I was fine, and thought I could keep this up all day, if needed.
We traveled for three days, and I impressed all but my friend, by easily keeping up. By this time, I had learned the rules of combat. The soldiers accepted me as a superior fighter, having sparred with me in a number of ways. The next day, we would not break camp, but we would travel an hour to encounter the enemy. The commander wanted Hugeng and I to engage from their rear, and keep them bottled up from easily leaving. We broke off about two miles before we expected to encounter them. Running at his full speed, we curled around to the side, and went around them. Our intent was to capture the leaders, but the commander wanted us to kill the rank and file. Hugeng was in dragon form, and I was off a ways to the side, with my spear at the ready. I waited for him to announce himself before I started. In the meantime, I used An's power to listen in to see who was in command. Hugeng also looked for them, and we kept telepathic contact so we could coordinate.
When we made ourselves known, the leading rider tried to run me over. Rather than ducking, I ran toward him, then leaped up and I speared him as I went over him. He was pulled off, and fell dead, while I flipped and landed on my feet. I then went for the next one. While a few passed us, we stopped nine out of ten, and many turned back rather than face us. Suddenly, we saw the enemy commander with two large bodyguards coming at us. As I closed, I threw my spear at the bodyguard on my side, as Hugeng took out the other one with magic. When I jumped for the commander, he tried to use a sword on me, but I blocked it with a dagger. I used a hardened fist with extra strength, and got several solid hits that knocked him out.
Several others that came with him came at me, so I switched to twin swords, and fought with his unconscious body at my feet. Hugeng soon battled through them, and joined me, at which point they decided to run. I got several with thrown daggers, and Hugeng got a few with magic. Soon after, their force collapsed. Later, Commander Tian interrogated the leader, and sent him and one other off with a small escort back to Lord Monkey. We did this twice more, and all returned after the third battle.
Back with the main group, Lord Monkey heard Commander Tian's report on me, and decided to help out my reputation as a superior fighter by sparring with me for an hour after dinner. We decided to both use staffs, and so, with a large area marked off. We commenced. After a minute, Lord Monkey said to go faster. Again, and again, he said so, until I was going as fast as I could. As before, I was unable to penetrate his defense, but I think I blocked more than before. Near the end, I even tried one of his own weapon tricks, and used telekinesis to wield the staff. That did surprise him, and got him laughing. Afterwards, he told me my remote staff fighting was good, but not as good as when I used my own hands. He also told me I had improved a little since last time.
At the command tent this time, Hugeng and I, along with two squads of men were sent to track down a rumor of a strong, but small, force which included several oni. He suspected this was a deliberate diversion of his force, and wanted us to evaluate it, and eliminate it if small enough. Meanwhile, Lord Monkey would be handling another battle nearby, but they would be in the area if something happened. He thought that battle might last a few days, as it was one of two large forces the enemy had.
The next morning, we left, and quickly moved to the last reported location. It took us two days to track them down. Hugeng and I peeked over the low hill, and saw them just starting to set up camp. There were three big tents, but we only saw one oni. We went back to our men.
Hugeng began, "We saw one oni, but three big tents, so there are likely three of them. Ms. Tate and I can handle the oni. The rest, outnumber us three to one. It will be a hard fight, but I think we can take them."
I asked, "Hugeng, that oni we saw, how many do you think it would take to take one of us?"
"Two at least, possibly three. Why?"
"You, in dragon form, look rather imposing. But do you think you look good enough to get two to attack you?"
"Good question. I can see you have an idea. Enlighten me."
"Remember how I was sparring with you while using disguises? I think I can imitate Lord Monkey, and almost guarantee the third oni won't attack the men. Think he'd object to a little misdirection?" I grinned as I said that.
"That is a good idea. But you might just get all three."
"There is that, but if one turns his back to you, that will be just too bad, won't it."
"A point. A very good point. Yes, do it. I'll explain it to the men while you prepare." He then told the men that I, as a magic wielder, was able to create a magical disguise that would make me seem to be Lord Monkey.
Meanwhile, I removed my armor and covered myself in Lord Monkey's image, but a little bit larger than me. Focusing on Isis' talisman, I then created a shield in the shape of him, so that when someone hit me, the shield would make the tactile response seem as though I was actually hit. As its position was fixed in relation to my body, it passively moved with me. Next, I created new armor, like his, that was tight to the shield surrounding me. Doing a few katas, I ensured I could move easily and quickly. I then used Everest's power to create a staff like his. Black iron, with a gold ring around each end, and about nine feet tall and three inches across. I swung it a few times to get a feel for it. Adding in strength, endurance, and the hardness, I was ready, and told Hegeng so.
He had my armor and weapons strapped to the back of three horses, so we would not need to return for it. "I will call you Lord Monkey until we defeat them, unless something comes up. Now lead us to their encampment, and I will follow at your side, and the men behind us." Mentally, he told me to keep in touch mentally, so we could coordinate the battle.
Almost as soon as we came into view, the alarm sounded. Two oni were in view, and the alarm added another. As we raced to meet them, Hugeng suggested I leap into battle. Using some levitation, and wind, I leaped the remaining distance, and engaged the largest of the oni that had appeared. The cry of "The Monkey King!" soon was shouted by several. I struck mighty blows on all three, while dodging or deflecting their own attacks. I tried to keep my own attacks to ones I knew he liked to use. Also, I laughed and joked as he did, to make the illusion even more complete. Hugeng changed to dragon form and charged, scattering all the enemy men in his way to the oni. Our men quickly set on the fallen ones to ensure they never got up, before they were too busy with other enemies. The plan was going well, until three more oni came out of the tents.
One of the three was clearly the boss, and we had to change plans, as he was coming for me. Hugeng and I decided we had to take down an oni real fast, to better the odds. Since he was already taking a piece of one, I concentrated on him, as well. By the time the boss got to me, that hurt oni was down, and another was significantly hurt. The boss oni sent two fresh ones after Hugeng, and the rest went after me. Now I had two slightly hurt oni, and one big fresh oni on my case. Hugeng told me to keep the big one engaged, and the others would stay here.
Hugeng was mostly right about us being equal to three oni, but that didn't account for the larger size of the boss. While I occasionally got some powerful hits in, their ability to absorb damage, and even heal as the fight continued, basically meant I was getting nowhere. Unfortunately, the downed one wasn't truly down. He was just resting, and waiting for a good opportunity. He leaped back up and joined in against Hugeng. The only good news was our men were up to the task, and were slowly taking the enemy soldiers down.
The bad news was that the big one was much better, and I was getting hit hard. I feared we were outmatched, and I felt the bruising starting to slow me down. Then a stray thought occurred. I used Inanna's power as a sex goddess to make me more potent in sex. Could I use her power as a war goddess to make me more powerful at war? So I pulled in her power, but for war. At first, I didn't notice anything, but after a while I realized I wasn't being hit as often, and I also was hitting more. Soon, I found myself understanding the little details of battle. The patterns of my opponent, the support of the ground, and how the others worked together. I was able to use these to get an edge, and to avoid getting hurt as much.
It seemed that it would be a stalemate, and we fought for several hours before it changed. That was how long it took our men to take down the enemy soldiers. Just before that point, it was clear they were being slaughtered, and so several ran away. The remaining few died. Half our men were down or dead, so the worst were told to care for each other while the healthier ones would help us. While their attacks did little, it distracted them when they could not afford it, and Hugeng and I both took advantage of that. Both of us chose a weak one to focus on, even as we spread some other attacks around to keep them on their toes.
Hugeng was the first to knock one down. Our men converged on him, and kept hitting the oni, until he was no longer moving. A few more hits to ensure he would stay down, then they went for the more difficult tack of permanently killing an oni. Hugeng was steadily working on a second oni, when I got a lucky hit on a distracted oni, and sent him down. Again, the men converged, and again they killed him.
Now that we both only had two, we were wearing them out faster. It was dark out now, and some of the men had lit fires to light the battle. It took nearly an hour for Hugeng to knock down the second oni. Keeping him down was also harder for the men, but Hugeng saw, and when an opportunity occurred, he struck the down one hard. That was enough for the men to kill the oni. I thought I would be the next to drop an oni, but Hugeng beat me by a few minutes. He spent that time ensuring his oni was dead before engaging the lesser oni on me. With both of us on him, he went down ten minutes later.
Hugeng then moved to flank the boss, and now he was being attacked from both sides. Between us, the boss only lasted another fifteen minutes, and we both took the time to ensure he was dead.
Suddenly we heard, "That was well done." Walking in from the darkness was Lord Monkey, followed by a small contingent of men, who quickly saw to our men. "Interesting choice of outfit, Ms. Tate."
"I apologize, Lord Monkey. We thought the deception would ensure the oni would attack us and not the men. From what I could tell, it worked." I then dismissed only the illusion.
Walking up to me, he asked, "Might I examine your weapon?"
I then offered it for him to take, and he picked it up and started to swing it about. "It is indeed similar to my own, especially in appearance. Not nearly as heavy as mine, but still heavy. Easily ten times as heavy as the one you sparred with. How come?" He then returned the weapon.
"I think I could wield a solid iron staff of the size you like, but its girth would prevent me getting a good grip, and thus make it less effective. I felt this size gave me the most heft while still giving me near perfect control. Also, it is known that your weapon can change size, so I felt its lesser size would not be remarked upon, especially since it is far larger than a normal warrior would use. I think the few that ran away will say you were here, even though you were also elsewhere. The idea that you might be in two places at once will eat at their confidence." Then in a bit of sleight-of-hand, I created a toothpick sized staff in one hand, while tossing the big one up with the other hand. I dismissed the big staff as I was about to catch it, and revealed the toothpick as it disappeared. Then with a cheeky smile, I placed the toothpick behind my ear.
Monkey gave a belly laugh at that, and said, "Lord Hugeng, Next time I choose to make a grand joke, I just might borrow her. She has a good sense of humor."
Hugeng replied, "Careful, sir. She has a competitive streak a mile wide. She might surprise you when you least expect it."
"She already did this day. The two of you taking down five oni, and one greater oni, is no mean feat. Enough idle talk. It is time to rest. My men will inspect their camp and ensure you have good food, and a good place to rest." He then ordered his free men to set a meal for all of us, then secure sufficient tents for our rest. Likewise, the horses were collected, and added to from the enemies herd. Before eating, I removed the over-sized armor and dismissed the shield it was backed up with. I dismissed all the enhancements save for the endurance before I began eating.
After the meal, I got sleepy, and was led to one of the big tents. Hugeng to another, and Lord Monkey got the largest. I will say, the oni in this tent had nice stuff. I did a quick check of my own, before I undressed and lay down on a really soft bed. Then I released the last enhancement and instantly fell asleep. Sometime during the night, Inanna's holy symbol appeared on my chest, between my breasts. After that, the many aches and pains began to heal at an accelerated rate, and were gone when I woke.
I woke to the sound of several people entering my tent. I heard a whispered conversation.
"She has four breasts!"
"Quiet, you'll wake her."
"I bet she's fun in bed."
"Hey, careful, she fought three oni at once."
"Just makes her sexier."
"You're hopeless."
"Quiet, I think she moved..."
They got quiet for a minute, so I decided to wake up, but in an erotic manner. Briefly, I played with myself, touching a breast and my clit. It didn't take long to come, and I let it consume me. I could hear them breathing heavily, and even smelled that one came. Then I started a nice yawn and stretch, arching my back and lifting my breasts into prominence. Another came at that sight. When the yawn was over, I slowly opened my eyes.
"Oh! Hello. What can I do for you?" I totally ignored that they saw me lying naked on the bed in full view.
"Sorry to disturb you, ma'am, but we have your armor."
"Great. I'll need it today." I then stood up and walked to them, and leading them to a table, I said, "Why not put it down over here. I'll put it on as soon as I get dressed."
As soon as they put it down, I headed over to my clothes, and bent at the waist to pick up my top and put it on. With my feet a little apart, and facing away from them, they clearly saw my vagina when I bent over. I stood and turned to them, making small talk, as I slowly and carefully buttoned up my shirt. When that was done, I turned again, and did the same with my trousers. We continued to talk as though it was routine, and I then put on my armor, asking for some assistance that I didn't really need. I then hugged each of them as I thanked them, before I went out to get breakfast.
After we exited the tent, two others went in, and started searching it for anything written. When I met Hugeng, he indicated they had already searched the other two tents and found some things. I ate a fair amount, but I also ate quickly, as I saw no one else eating. Not long after, Hugeng and I were summoned to the big tent. There, we met Lord Monkey, with the two I saw searching my tent.
"Lord Hugeng, Ms. Tate, it seems you hurt the enemy more than you know. I'll let my aide explain."
"On Lord Monkey's orders, we searched this camp and learned what they were doing here. We were wrong about it being a deliberate rumor. The information we found indicated this was a secret mission to cause trouble in the city to the north. Had you not encountered them, the city would have been invaded, and hundreds, perhaps thousands, killed before they would have been driven out. Additionally, we learned who paid them. It seems a certain functionary working for His Imperial Majesty has been aiding the enemy, and must be dealt with."
Lord Monkey then said, "Lord Hugeng, you know the politics, and have the grace to deal with them well. My own preference is too direct, and would have undesirable consequences. Will you see to it?" At this, he nodded to the other one, who gave a scroll to Hugeng.
Opening it, Hugeng gave a hiss, and said, "A difficult assignment to be sure, but such traitors must be dealt with. I am honored by your faith in me. It shall be done."
"I suggest you instruct Ms. Tate and bring her when you confront him. He will likely underestimate her ability, severely, and she will have your back should a fight occur." Turning to me, he said, "Ms. Tate, I cannot force you to help, but if you do, I think it will be resolved sooner, and with fewer innocents dying."
I looked him in the eye, and said, "My Lord, you honor me, as well. I shall have Lord Hugeng's back."
Lord Hugeng asked, "Lord Monkey, what of the battles here?"
"Removing that thorn will have a greater impact than your presence here. And thanks to Ms. Tate, they will now worry that I might show up elsewhere unexpectedly."
We spoke a few minutes more and then were sent back to the palace. We chose to run back, as Lord Monkey had indicated there was some urgency. When we arrived, he did not take us to his place, but to another, lesser house. Hugeng said this place belonged to an old friend, and we could prepare for a fancy meeting here. We went in the servant's entrance, but were quickly brought to see the old man. Plans were made, as well as a new outfit for me. In the morning, we took him down.
But that is another story....
= = = = = = = = = =
I love getting your votes.
I would also like to hear from you.
Leave a comment!