Kingston Surprise - Part Two -- The Party
Background -- Cheryl and Bill are a 40 something couple who have been in the swing lifestyle for nearly 20 years.
Bill recognized and groomed Cheryl's submissive sexual nature from the time the two met in their 20's. His efforts have paid off in many exciting adventures for them both.
While both are fit and attractive, Cheryl has worked hard to maintain her body and looks as she aged. She never fails to turn heads and she does love to dress to impress.
Paul is a divorced man their age whom they met online. He has dominant interests at least similar to Bill's with an inclination to the deviant.
He and Bill are in regular touch scheming new experiences for Cheryl. Bill views Paul as co-conspirator in having fun with Cheryl. In reality, Paul is a procurer of talent for a porn producer and escort service operator. His true interests are far more deviant than those he presents when he and Bill talk.
The three have met several times for great sex and Cheryl has most certainly fallen under Paul's spell.
On the two most recent meetings Paul introduced his good friend Patrick to their play. Patrick is a very large and very black former pro football player.
During his playing days Patrick made friends with people involved in the financing and production of pornography. After retirement he joined forces with James, a well-known producer of pornography.
James, a similarly very large and very black man, specializes in interracial porn and, over the last number of years, had been a leader in the growing market for mature women in porn.
Kingston Surprise -- Part Two -- The Party
The home was quite imposing with massive iron gates and warnings of security cameras and guard dogs making it seem like a fortress.
Ever the gentleman, Paul offered his hand as he opened the car door. His dirty chuckle made it obvious he had a clear view of Cheryl's breasts as she leaned and of her thong as her legs opened. Cheryl's hands were shaking as he brought her to her feet. "Don't worry baby, this will be a wonderful evening. There is nothing going to happen that won't excite you." His words made Cheryl's stomach flip as he walked her to the door.
After Paul rang the doorbell, it was opened by a massive black man wearing a tailored blue silk suit and open necked shirt that displayed large gold chains against his chest. Beside him was Patrick equally well dressed and sporting a massive smile. "Good evening, you must be Paul and Cheryl. I am James, your host for tonight and of course you know Patrick."
Showing impeccable manners, James reached his hand to shake Cheryl's then Paul's hands. James' immensity and stunning looks had Cheryl trembling as the group walked into the foyer.
Patrick gave Cheryl a hug and peck on the cheek. "Cheryl, it is wonderful to see again. You look amazing as usual and I am so glad you were able to come tonight. I am sure you won't be disappointed."
Cheryl's trembling continued when she saw his eyes take in her outfit and body with a lust Cheryl recognized only too well.
James moved behind her, dwarfing her with his size and put his huge hand on her ass as he said, "Well Cheryl, let's go to the games room and get you a drink. There are some people there who are dying to meet you."
Cheryl looked over her shoulder at Paul for reassurance. Seeing his broad smile and nod she blushed and moved, however shakily, in the direction James' hand was guiding her.
Cheryl could hear the clinking of glasses, the rumble of conversation and lots of laughter as they neared the games room.
Paul watched Cheryl being guided by James and gave Patrick a pat on the back. This was always a time Paul enjoyed, seeing another married white woman that he had found and seduced being put under James' spell to experience pleasures she had never imagined. He and Patrick had developed quite a system for finding submissive women, particularly mature, married white women, to be lured into film and servitude. Both he and Patrick had agreed and bragged to James that Cheryl was the best yet! He was certain this would be a party to remember and that he would be well rewarded for his find.
As the foursome passed through the door the room fell into silence and James, with a booming voice said, "Gentlemen, our guest of honour has arrived. Please welcome the lovely Cheryl!" Hearing the applause, compliments and whistles of those assembled, Cheryl could feel her face go hot. She looked around at what had to be at least another eight black men, all dressed very well and all tall and broad-shouldered.
Cheryl's stomach was doing non-stop flips as she quickly discovered the treat Paul had planned for her evening. With a look to Paul that said, "What have you got me into here?" she stood shaking like a leaf but also feeling her pussy getting so wet and her nipples harden.
Paul, ever playing the thoughtful lover, came to her, gave her a hug and with a chuckle, whispered in Cheryl's ear, "I told you that you wouldn't be disappointed. Patrick asked if he could give you a night of pleasure. He is definitely proud of you. Now relax, be yourself and you will have a night like none other!"
Cheryl smiled back at him and couldn't help herself as "Thank you Paul." left her mouth.
Paul chuckled again, this time because Cheryl had clearly already begun sliding into her hungry slut mode.
At that, James began guiding Cheryl around the room and introducing her to men whose names she promptly forgot. They were all gentlemen, albeit ones that had looks of lust burning from their eyes.
A glass of wine was pressed into Cheryl's hand and snacks of unusual, almost smoky tasting cheese and crackers were offered. In her nervous state Cheryl drank much more wine and devoured many more snacks than she normally would but she was so caught up in the tension in the room she needed something to do besides looking at some of the most muscular and attractive black men she had ever seen.
The men soon had her at ease and Cheryl found herself giggling and giving thanks to their increasingly suggestive and directly sexual compliments and comments. Cheryl's head was a whirl as the men saw to it that her wine glass was never empty and that she had all the snacks she wanted.
Cheryl was lost in the moment, not realizing that the alcohol and hashish laced cheese and crackers were having the desired effects on her. With every caress of her arm or comment about her breasts Cheryl was becoming ever more excited for whatever lay ahead. That all too familiar and welcome feeling that only a true slut knows was overwhelming her.
Cheryl found herself leaning into James. His arm went around her to begin caressing a breast while the men watched.
Crude comments about her enjoyment of the moment made it clear the men were ready to move events along. James looked down at her. "Well Cheryl, Patrick told me you are an amazing slut so let us see how hard you can get us."
Cheryl couldn't help melting at the commanding tone and she blushed and smiled as she gazed into James' eyes.
As James spoke, a curtain at the end of the games room was moved aside revealing a small round stage in front of a massive double king bed. Bright lights came on illuminating the stage and bed.
James gave Cheryl a quick kiss then said, "OK Cheryl, time to dance for us. We all want to see that body move and we want to see you naked. Time for your best strip tease!" James comments brought loud shouts and crude comments from the rest of the men.
Cheryl looked over at Paul and Patrick with a combination of nervousness and pride as James helped her unsteadily to the stage.
Music began blasting through the room and Cheryl found herself responding to the driving rhythm. She was well beyond caring now and looked James in the eyes as she smiled and licked her lips.
James laughed loudly and shouted over the music, "That's it Cheryl, show these men what I have promised them. You are theirs for tonight! Let's see what Patrick says is so special!"
Seeing James laugh and offer hand shakes and back pats to both Paul and Patrick while the three of them looked at her made Cheryl determined to make those three proud of her. She began moving in openly sexual ways. The veneer of civility disappeared as she heard, "Come on slut, let us see that body!" "Let me see that white pussy!" "Dance that white ass off!" and "Show me the white cunt I am going to fill baby!" were among the torrent of comments. The rain of filthy comments coming from the men now surrounding the stage only spurred Cheryl on.
Little did Cheryl know that all of her movements since her arrival at the house had been followed by a myriad of hidden cameras and microphones. It was clear Patrick and James were recording the evening's events for prosperity and to support a long-term plan that could see Cheryl become their personal toy and a potential star in the mature female porn market in the future.
Cheryl, lost in the moment, was oblivious to the self-satisfied smiles and comments passing amongst Paul, James and Patrick as they congratulated each other on their new discovery.
Cheryl's head was spinning as a combination of the music, filthy language, wine and hashish laced snacks took over. Without embarrassment, her inner slut burst through and she began dancing in a style that would have made a veteran stripper in the sleaziest club blush.
Cheryl looked at the men with a lust that matched theirs. She did all she could to invite their continued crude comments by bending over front and back, moving her hips and then reaching to draw her dress up over her head. With a wicked smile, Cheryl swung the dress over her head as her body twirled and twisted, showing off her shelf bra, thong and stockings. This only increased the onslaught of comments which raised Cheryl's excitement level.
She flung the dress to the crowd and reached behind to unsnap the skimpy bra. Teasingly she held it in place then dropped it slowly, exposing her breasts to the men. Cheryl reveled in the shouts from the men and slipped her fingers into the sides of her thong, all the while looking hard at the men as they shouted.
Her focus was on those in front of the stage so was unaware of the four naked men now standing on the super large bed, each sporting immense erections and laughing as they gestured at those in front of the stage.
Looking at the men in front of the stage Cheryl again teased by easing the thong slowly down over her hips exposing her shaved pussy. Loud shouts as her pink pussy came into view drove her further over the edge.
Cheryl turned and bent over, exposing her ass, and lowered the thong down her thighs to the floor. As she did, her eyes went wide when she saw the four naked and very hard men standing on the bed with predatory looks on their faces. A full-body shiver sent Cheryl's body into spasms, bringing laughter and filthy comments from the other men as her exposed pussy clenched and she moaned!
Without waiting, the four men moved to take Cheryl to the bed. She was well beyond resisting and, truth be told, her needs took over and she willingly allowed them to bring her to the bed.
She was oblivious to two of James' cameramen who, although naked, were recording every moment with close-ups from every angle to capture her defilement. James looked on happily. With the footage from the hidden cameras and now the close-up shots he knew he would have more than enough material to create the first in a series of films featuring Cheryl.
The party guests knew their jobs and immediately two mouths were on her breasts, one on her pussy and a massive, shiny black cock was forcing its way into her mouth. Within seconds an orgasm ripped through her body and she cried out around the cock as her body bucked on the bed. Cheryl's orgasmic response was evident to all and the crude comments only increased as they watched her give way to her needs.
Before her orgasm had subsided, the men had Cheryl on all fours, straddling a huge cock and sliding enthusiastically on it while taking another shiny monster in her mouth. Sparks were flying from her nipples to her clit as two men sucked, bit and otherwise mauled her swaying breasts.
Another man quickly disrobed and moved behind Cheryl. The room was filled with her loud scream and then laughter from the men watching as the man pressed his cock against her ass and it popped in. Her scream made it clear her ass was being stretched painfully.
In short order that pain had changed to a strangely thrilling and perverse pleasure/pain and Cheryl's hips were immediately moving hungrily against the two cocks in her ass and pussy while she sloppily sucked on the cock that was stretching her mouth. Totally engulfed in the moment, Cheryl did not see the rest of the men stripping off their clothes to await their turns.
The next three hours were filled by a steady stream of seemingly insatiable cocks filling her body in every way possible. Cheryl seemed to go into overdrive and she found herself begging for cock non-stop.
The play finished with Patrick and James using double penetration to send Cheryl into a series of orgasms that left her virtually unconscious on the bed.
As she lay panting and whimpering in pure pleasure, through her sex-induced fog Cheryl vaguely heard talk around her. "Jesus James, she is incredible!" "Wow Patrick, this one is going to be a lot of fun!" "This little piece of white ass is going to be worth her weight in gold!" and the excited voice of Paul saying, "James, don't you think it is time to bring Jay and Max in?"
As Paul left the room, James smiled and looked down at Cheryl's almost idyllic look. Patrick and James' soothing words and strong hands had Cheryl purring happily. Cheryl's head was turned to the side and a cameraman made sure to get a close up of her serene smile framed by globs of cum in her hair and on her face. The other cameraman had a clear view of her gaping pussy and ass and the strings of cum slowly oozing from them. What was about to happen was going to be an important step in Cheryl's defilement and introduction to pleasures beyond her imagination. Excited looks passed amongst the men in anticipation as the next participants entered the room.
Life was about to change for both Bill and Cheryl.
For Bill, his drive to explore and take advantage of Cheryl's submissive nature had led him to unknowingly meet a deviant predator in Paul. Paul was the main procurer of hot women for Patrick and James films. Bill would soon find that Cheryl was no longer his to share. He would have to, and he would, get used to Cheryl being the property of Paul, James and Patrick.
For Cheryl her responses to the grooming by Paul, culminating in tonight's experience, had surpassed all expectations. Without realizing it she had succumbed to the incredible pleasures that Paul's manipulations had given her. She had responded enthusiastically to the depravity that she had just been subjected to. Pandora's Box had been opened! She was about to find out the meaning of being a plaything for perverted men and women who wanted only to enjoy her for their own pleasures and that of others. With the creative minds of Paul. Patrick and James, Cheryl's hunger would be fed!
Paul smiled. His reputation with James was secured now. There had been many before but Cheryl had exceeded all expectations in the prior dates that Bill, Cheryl and Paul enjoyed. Patrick's inclusion in the last date before tonight was the one that gave the final stamp of approval for tonight's event.
Paul and Patrick assisted an exhausted Cheryl out to the car after she could take no more.
Patrick patted Paul on the back and said, "We knocked this one out of the park Paul. Cheryl is a natural and is going make us some big money! James and I will be by your place tomorrow about noon to help Cheryl understand how talented she is and to help her realize the fun that lays ahead! You have her ready and dressed to impress. I am sure she will enjoy helping us with a review of her first film!"
Paul drove home very proud of himself. He knew Cheryl was going to be special and tonight she proved it.
Arriving home, he helped her into the bedroom, removed what was left of her clothing and placed her exhausted body on the sheets. She was sound asleep in seconds.
Throughout the night, as he lay beside her, Paul was roused by moans and body movements as Cheryl apparently relived the previous night in her dreams. He smiled and thought to himself, "Girl, you have no idea the fun we have planned for you!"