The next morning Tracy had woken up before me and I tried to ignore her and go back to sleep. We had slept in a little later than usual and the room was well lit as the sun was coming in through the blinds. Amanda and Mark had to leave early and I assumed that Rich had left early to since Tracy was still naked in bed.
"Are you awake," Tracy inquired as she gently stroked my cock through my underwear.
"Sort of," I replied
"You should have told me Rich was sleeping on our couch last night," Tracy said in a nervous tone.
"Huh?" I replied. Then coming to my senses I commented, "Oh yeah, he had a fair amount to drink last night with Amanda and Mark so I didn't think it was good for him to drive home. Why, is he still here?"
Amanda responded, "No he left but I was pretty drunk last night with all the wine I drank with Amanda." She then recounted Amanda had removed her modesty blanket while breast feeding our daughter. The thought of Tracy exposed in front of Mark, Amanda and Rich started to get the blood flowing to my dick.
She followed that up with letting me know that she got up to feed our daughter at 2am and without thinking walked out of our room completely naked. "That sounds fine to me," I said. Tracy mentioned that our daughter had woken Rich up as well and that he saw her breast feeding again. Given he had already seen her earlier, I played it off by saying, "Well lucky guy as it seems lightning struck twice for him in one day but nothing he didn't see earlier."
Tracy paused looking at me in the eye and said, "But I was naked. Rich stood in the doorway and could clearly see me with the light of the bathroom and the nightlight." My dick suddenly hardened, and I said, "You were naked, naked?" not realizing that her cover up blanket was in the laundry. Tracy seemed to take note in the immediate firmness of my cock and said, "Honey, he watched me feed our daughter completely naked with a clear view of my tits and trimmed pussy patch." I can't believe Rich stood there watching Tracy but then again, I cannot blame him as it must have been a wonderful sight to see.
I was unsure of how to respond but surprisingly my dick got so hard at the thought of Tracy on display. Tracy seemed to need some reassurance but gauging by her erect nipples she seemed aroused as well. She beat me to the punch, "Why is your dick so hard? You like this, don't you?" I tried to play it off as morning wood and her gentle touching. Then I got on top of her and told her, "Any guy would be lucky to see her naked and after 5 years of being married and 1 kid, I still get captivated by her."
I reached down to rub her pussy which was soaking wet. "Looks like Rich wasn't the only one who got hot and bothered last night by your exposure." Nothing else was said as we had some of the hottest sex we have had in years.
Later that night, Tracy was embarrassed and needed some assurance that everything was good with us. Amanda was pretty wild and in high school and college often had gotten Tracy into embarrassing situations by flashing her tits to get guys attention. Amanda found it fun to push Tracy buttons seemly knowing exactly where Tracy's limits where. Tracy has always underestimated her attractiveness and I gathered appreciated the boldness Amanda had with guys. Tracy was not a wild child by any means and I loved when she would recount her Amanda stories with me since they were out of her normal character.
She was mostly concerned about what Rich would think of her. I told her not to worry as Rich was probably home still jerking off the image of her ingrained on his brain from seeing her naked last night. Tracy then confessed that things went a little further with Rich as she saw his cock pop out of his boxer when he got hard from looking at her. I could see her nipples harden as she described the events that unfolded next with her rubbing herself in the rocking chair feeding our daughter while Rich stroked himself across the hall in the bathroom.
My head was in a daze, I grabbed her hand led her back to our bedroom for round 2 of hot sex. I am not sure I reassured her but the sex was great as we drifted off to sleep.
Monday came early and I jetted off to work.
Around 3pm my phone buzzed with a text. I opened my phone to see a text from Amanda thanking us for hosting her and Mark. The text was sent to me, Tracy and Rich. I thought it strange Rich was included but a nice gesture. I was about to respond when another text from Amanda came through saying Mark especially loved the trip. Then, a picture of Tracy sitting topless breastfeeding our daughter appeared. I had no idea that Mark had taken such a pic. Why would they include Rich on this text?
Three little dots appeared, and I was nervous about what was coming next. Rich responded, saying, "Tracy's tits were perfect, exactly how he remembered them along with a please come back to visit soon!"
Tracy quickly sent off a devil emoji and told Mark, Amanda and Rich they are all on a visit probation for naughty behavior followed by a laughing emoji.
I wasn't sure what to expect when I got home but Tracy seemed unfazed by Amanda's text. When I brought up how surprised I was to see Mark's pic, she just commented on how flattered she was by Rich's response. "Do you really think he likes that picture or is he just being nice," she inquired. I sort of laughed at the question since the answer was obvious and playfully responded, "I certainly think so but maybe you should ask him when he done jerking off to it." I told her, I was going to go jerk off to it, if she didn't give me the real thing right now.
A week or so later, we were meeting up with some of our parent friends at a local patio bar for an early happy hour before we all had to all go home to put the kids down in the evening. It is a fun bar that has a plaza facing other restaurants and bars but no cars so the parent that have older kids can let them ride their scooters around without concern while all the mom's drink wine and margaritas. It is nice to have a common bond with other people going through the challenges of early parenting together. It is a funny time where we all are still young and vibrant, or so we think, but are now bearing the burden of being more responsible adults.
As we were wrapping up, I saw Rich walk in for happy hour with a couple of his work colleagues. Seeing we hadn't talked since Saturday night so I knew there would be an awkward moment as I approached their table. He stepped away from the other guys and immediately commented that things might have gotten a little out of hand on Saturday. I told him no harm was done and that Tracy was flattered by his text.
Once Tracy saw Rich, she made a beeline over to us. "Give me your phone," she commanded. "Huh," he replied being caught totally off guard. Of course, he complied immediately but Tracy had piqued the curiosity of his work colleagues with her demand. Scrolling through his photos she noticed, Rich had saved the topless photo of her into his favorites.
"I can't believe you favorited my picture, Rich!" she playfully ribbed him. "What are other girls going to think if they see this picture in your favorites?" Rich was back peddling looking for a response when his colleague chimed in that he was pretty sure no girl would touch that phone knowing where Rich's hands had been, which made us all laugh. It seems clear to me that Rich's colleagues knew precisely the photo in question as we all made our introductions. The two colleagues, Chris and Ted, were in their early to mid 40's and married. They seemed to have taken Rich under their wing at their office, mentoring him along.
"You must be the beautiful Tracy and you must be his friend Dirk," they commented inviting us to sit with them. Chris was the most senior of the group and said Rich owed them all drinks for violating his team's strict policy of NO texting in meetings. Not only did Rich get busted for texting but he had to share with Chris and Ted the nature of what was so important after the meeting. Tracy's eyes lit up with surprise, "Damn that Amanda! Oh, the trouble she gets me into." Then she dropped a bomb saying, "I am so embarrassed as that wasn't even a good picture Mark took of me."
My brain fired a thought "Wait, what? Did she just insinuate it would have been better if they saw a different picture?" Tracy might have had more margaritas than I thought but the guys clued in fast. "We would love to see better pictures," Ted quickly replied. "What options to we have to pick from?" responded Rich. Chris inquired, "Are you taking requests?"
Tracy was caught a little off guard as she didn't anticipate the trap she set for herself but responded simply with "maybe". I jumped into to save her by saying, "I better get this one home quickly while she still has her clothes on. Have fun tonight."
As we walked home, I could tell Tracy really enjoyed the attention from Chris, Ted and Rich and she seemed contemplative. "Are you thinking about pictures?" I inquired. She smirked at me, "Maybe, I just can't believe that they would want to see my mommy body when there are so many hot young girls in our area."
"You should be flattered as you are very lucky as you have maintained such a hot body after giving birth. I bet Chris and Ted's don't have hot naked pics of their wives. Did you see how disappointed they were when I pulled you away?"
About an hour later while I was putting our daughter down to bed, our phones buzzed. There was a group text from Rich, Ted and Chris who were still at the bar, "We have some suggestions in the event you are taking requests with a devil emoji and a laughing emoji"
Ted sent the next text "ladies choice lingerie pic," with a smiling emoji.
Chris followed with a text with saying "one finger challenge" with a photo link to FLICKR with a nude woman standing in front of a mirror taking a selfie where her middle finger is in front of the camera obscuring her tits and the reflection of her finger in the mirror obscures her pussy.
Rich sent the final text request and all it said was "Rocking Chair!"
Before I could say anything, Tracy responded with, "OMG! You dirty boys," with a devil emoji.
It was easy to see her mind spinning as she was enjoying the attention she was receiving. "I mean they have already seen that poor photo of my tits after breastfeeding. How unsexy is that?" she quipped. In her mind, she had a point, and I was just along for the ride. She laughed at the one finger challenge idea and that was when I knew she was more than thinking about it.
She poured herself a glass of wine and sat down scrolling through our Google Photos looking for some of the sexier pics I had taken of her over the years. She laughed at one of the pics and then my phone buzzed with a text "OK Ted -- Ladies choice it is," which was followed by a pic of Tracy, in her favorite zip up plaid onsie, I took of her on a ski trip. Tracy had a sexy look on her face, biting her lip as she was turned sideways tempting me with one button undone on her bottom flap so one butt check was exposed.
"Well played!" I said to her. She is beautiful in that pic but it clearly was not the kind of lingerie Ted had hope for.
Tracy led me to the bathroom and where see said, "I can't believe you want me to do this!"
"This is all you babe." I quipped, "no one is asking me for a one finger challenge!"
While she was preparing for the one finger challenge and finishing her wine, our phones beeped from the peanut gallery at the bar saying, "flannel onsie's don't count!"
Tracy quickly replied "Ladies choice, Ted, and rules are rules. Just ask poor Rich who broke the rules"
I had my iphone out taking the out take shots as Tracy attempted the one finger challenge. After many feeble attempts, where either a nipple was showing or her pussy was in view, Tracy seemed to have a pic that worked for her.
My phone buzzed, "OK Chris one finger challenge accepted." I admit I was nervous as I had not see one yet that wasn't NSFW. When my phone buzzed again there was my beautiful naked wife with her middle finger coming up from the left bottom corner of the pic covering her pussy and the reflection in the mirror her middle finger covered her right breast while her phone and right had covered her right breast. Surprisingly her lovely face was full view so there was no question that this was her.
I felt like I could hear some cheers from the bar, but of course foul play was called as Chris texted back, "One finger does not mean your phone hand."
Tracy promptly took another pick of her naked in the mirror with her middle finger showing. This time the finger covered nothing, but the catch was she was facing away from the mirror with just a nice shot of her sexy ass.
My phone buzzed as Tracy texted them back and said "how about a compromise." Before she texted them the pic, I said "are you sure?" She pointed out that they could basically see that on any beach day as she often wears thong bikini bottoms. "No argument from me," was all I could say. Then my phone buzzed with the pic.
Tracy was now touching up her hair and makeup. "I did say that if they are going to see a pic of me it should be better than that breastfeeding one."
My phone kept buzzing as the guys loved her ass. The comments were well received and fueled Tracy's desire for one last good pick.
Rich texted, "Rocking Chair! Rocking Chair!" Seemingly exuberant and optimistic.
Tracy responded, "Aren't you boys going to get in trouble staying at the bar so late? You better delete this text thread so your wives don't see it," with a winking emoji.
We set her phone on silent as we did not want to wake up our daughter. Tracy looked amazing as she walked into the nursery room completely nude and sat down in the rocking chair. This time her blanket was clean and folded over the back of the chair. I draped the blanket over her and began taking some sexy but safe pics. The pics were darker than I expected so we turned on the bathroom light across the hall and then the hallway light so there was sufficient lighting to make out Tracy's beautiful features.
She remained covered for the first few pics and then let the blanket drop around her waist, so her erect nipples were prominently displayed on her white c cup breasts. The picture evoked memories of 70's style Playboy pics when the models were more natural looking. Continuing to take pic after pic, I let her take control of the scene. With an intense desire in her eyes, she looked at me as she let the blanket fall to floor so that her brown trimmed pussy became exposed. I was captivated as my wife's sexual energy as she slowly spread her legs and as the hallway light glowed onto her exposed pussy lips. "Was this what Rich saw last time he was over?" I whispered. She bit her lip and nodded then slid her hand between her legs to touch herself.
At this point, I grabbed her hand to lead her to our bedroom. As we got into bed, she stopped me grabbing her phone to see the pics I had taken. The must have been at least 50. I crawled down between her legs and began to lick her as she surveyed each pic.
I heard my phone buzz as she set her phone down after texting the guys her Rocking Chair pic. Before I could move to grab my phone, Tracy wrestled me underneath her as she mounted me seeking some sweet relief.