Like I had done multiple times since our divorce, I knocked on the door of the woman who had been my wife. Our kids were at school, and I noticed a familiar car parked on the street. Ellie opened the door wearing a baggy sweater that she knew caused memories to flash upon my mind. My eyes were drawn immediately to the curvatures hidden behind the woven threads. Ellie knew that I was aware that she was completely nude underneath. "Oh my goodness, I did not know you would be here so soon," she cooed. I had heard that intonation often enough to know she was not being truthful.
While our relationship had lacked spontaneity and romance for many years even before our divorce, I still had strong feelings for her. I knew she loved to fan even the most remote sense of jealously. She believed she could demonstrate her power by making others squirm. "Who is it, Ellie?" came a familiar voice from the kitchen. I already knew from the car outside that Robert was visiting. I also knew something that she did not. I never felt jealousy when Ellie wore scant clothing or behaved seductively towards other men in my presence. No, I never squirmed out of jealously. Instead, I felt my crotch begin to throb and I squirmed to hide the fact that my building erection protested its confinement.
I laughed as he called out, "You know its me, Robert," as I walked towards the kitchen. Ellie knew she shouldn't ask but she couldn't help herself. She called out loud enough for Robert to hear, "Bill, is that a pistol in your pocket to protect my honor or are you actually aroused by my sweater? Oh, it must be those memories of fondling my breasts as we made out on the couch when we were still married."
Robert's face held an amused expression when I entered the kitchen with Ellie taunting me as she followed from behind. "What are you up to, Robert? Any new escapades and conquests for Ellie's entertainment?" I asked as Robert and I locked eyes. Generally, I looked away when images emerged on the screen of my mind, and I would attempt to erase the images by shaking my head. Robert always smirked aloud. But this time it was different. Ellie's verbal taunting aroused me. I never forgot her breasts and how they fought against the tiny red triangular bonds of the bikini that she had often worn around "family" during those earlier years.
I continued to lock eyes with Robert. And then my eyes went to the bulges of Ellie's breasts as I recalled her explosive orgasms and the upward arching of her body as her face contorted into the anticipated sneeze that never happens as an "ACHOOO" but instead escapes as an intense moan.
Lost in my own memories, I recalled the night I discovered her need for pain during sex play. Yes, with initial trepidation and then awe, I had honored her request as she begged, "Let them snap damn you!!" And I let go of each alligator clamp simultaneously upon each nipple. Almost immediately, she screamed out her release as the sensation shot through her down to her uterus, through her vaginal canal and ending on the lips of her vagina. The snap of the clamps contracted every organ simultaneously like a fuse that immediately released a dynamite-like explosion within her.
My eyes returned to Robert in an attempt to hold his focus on the present moment. Yet my mind wandered again as I relived memories in a moments time. Ellie and I met our freshman year in college. This thin, blonde Norwegian with a classical Scandinavian form mesmerized me. Ellie had had an older boyfriend during her senior year in high school. I could not recall when they broke up or how intimate they had been with each other. "I wonder why I never asked her?" I thought. And then I laughed because her beauty had captured my mind, so nothing mattered, barely life itself.
Suddenly, I saw Ellie in her very short mini skirts with colored tights, which was the style of the early 1970's. The longer the legs the more dramatic the look, and Ellie's legs were perfect. The colored nylon tights left little to the imagination when she bent over, and I often became lost in lust watching her butt. She knew the power her body had over men, and she dressed to maximize the effects. I remembered how I had mustered the courage to ask her out. And then, a new experience began. I began dating a woman that every man wanted, and I loved to watch their heads turn and their eyes follow her. It made me lust after her even more.
"Bill?!" shouted Ellie. I was suddenly shaken away from memories. "What?" I asked. "Robert asked if you wanted an early afternoon beer." "Oh, sure," I said. Ellie reached up for the glasses and both Robert and I noticed that her sweater rose above her butt, exposing the firm curvatures. "Ellie, did you ever tell Robert about the alligator clamps?" I asked. The sound of breaking glass preceded Ellie's scathing scold, "Bill!!" The two glasses lay shattered on the floor. Robert jumped up to help clean it up. "Don't move!" he commanded Ellie who was in bare feet as well as being naked beneath the sweater. Robert grabbed a handy small hand broom and had to get on his hands and knees to sweep up the glass around Ellie's feet.
"Yeah," I said. "That was the most powerful orgasm I ever saw you have." "Stop, Bill," pleaded Ellie as she picked up one foot to press her thighs together." "Stand still," commanded Robert. "Have you ever had one like that again, Ellie?" I asked. Ellie was now holding onto the counter with one hand while crossing one leg over another. She was beginning to squirm.
"Ellie, what is the matter with you?" asked Robert. "Let me sweep up this glass so you do not get cut." I looked down at Robert. "So, she never told you her Achilles' heel, huh Robert?" I was shocked at my own demeanor and forwardness. I had always deferred to her professed modesty. Yet, years of fantasizing of Ellie being pleased by another man had caused something to spark due to the perfect priming. Seeing Ellie safe but helpless to move made my aroused cock pound. I could not stand it, for my body was demanding release.
Suddenly Robert dropped the tiny pieces of sharp shrapnel back onto the floor, spreading them out even more. "What are you doing, Robert?" scolded Ellie. Robert put down the dustpan and began stroking Ellie's leg running his hand up to behind her knee. "Stand still Ellie. You do not want to step on glass," I warned. I had worked for Robert long enough to know his moves with women. Ellie shut her eyes as her body began to shudder; not in fear but in realization and suddenly aroused like never before. Robert noticed the lack of resistance, so he moved his hand higher.
Robert's face broke into an expression of unresolved lust and conquest as he felt her wetness even though her thighs were still held tightly together as Ellie attempted to balance on one foot. Then he stood up and reached his hand under her sweater and pinched one of Ellie's nipples. She moaned out and lost her balance. Robert swept her up into his arms and carried her to the living room couch. "No!" she protested. "Take me to the bedroom." Robert carried her into the room without her struggling to release herself. I followed behind them and quietly sat myself in a cushioned chair. Robert and Ellie seemed oblivious to my presence. I had longed to be in this chair for many years while we're married.
I surveyed the room as it slowly dawned on me what was transpiring in the bedroom I had once shared with Ellie. The bed had been stripped to just the bottom sheet and it obviously covered a towel spread in the middle of the bed. Satin restraints were tied to the four corners of the bed. The bedding itself was neatly folded in the corner of the room along with more towels and sheets. Ellie's liaison with Robert had been planned along with multiple sexual couplings during his stay. The restraints intrigued me. One night, long ago, she had asked me to tie her up and I had had to improvise restraints. These were professional sex toys. The extra towels and sheets implied the games would continue throughout the weekend after I picked up the kids to stay at my place. How long had this been planned I wondered?
Robert pulled the sweater off of Ellie and began to stroke her between her legs. I slowly got up and walked over to the bed. I got on my knees on the floor and began to stroke Ellie's nipples. Robert was tantalizing the lips of her vulva and her clit while I began to rub her nipples with greater and greater firmness. Ellie moaned as she writhed and arched. She came like never before, and a wetness of divine elixir seeped from her vagina. The towel was a smart touch for what she desired.
Robert instructed me to grab her arms and hold them above her head. "No," Ellie complained as she began to struggle. "Hold still," Robert commanded, "or I will leave." "No," Ellie complained again, "Bill will think I am a slut." Robert told her she was a slut and then he told me to tie her hands to the restraints while he tied her feet. Spread wide open on the bed, Ellie complained that I should leave before they continued. "Why?" Robert asked. "He was present the night Charles and I enjoyed you in your bed in while you made him sleep on the couch. Did he think you a slut then?"
"You were even so turned on when we began meeting behind his back that you asked me to tie you up and take you. You liked feeling helpless and used even though you were in control the whole time. You told me that being tied up allowed you to pretend you were being forced rather than cheating. You even told me you asked Bill to tie you up once, but it just wasn't the same because he was your husband. You loved the thrill of illicit meetings. Hell, you were doing Charles in your own bed after Bill went to work from what Charles told me."
Ellie asked Robert to stop and ask me to leave. But I said I was staying. I asked Robert if the lady he had told me about through the years, the married woman he was seeing every month or so had been my wife, Ellie. Robert confirmed that it was. I said his stories were so hot that they could have met more often if I had known it was Ellie that Robert bragged about.
"Stop telling me what to do Robert!" commanded Ellie again.
"You submit or I leave and I won't come back." Robert shot back.
Then Robert reached into his pocket and handed me two alligator clips. "Yes, she shared everything with me about your love life. Use them as you see fit while I get ready."
Robert quickly removed his clothing and then mounted Ellie. He rubbed his semi-erect penis on her vulva and Ellie arched again moaning out her ecstasy. I snapped the alligator clips on her nipples and continued to tweak them a bit harder and she arched over and over as her fluids flowed over Robert's cock. Robert was now becoming harder, and he entered her. At that moment I squeezed both nipples as hard as I could and Ellie screamed as she bent her knees and her hips jerked up to meet Robert's entry.
Afterwards, Robert and I lay on each side of her gently stroking her belly and legs and she slowly returned to herself. Yet, I saw softness in her eyes that I had never seen before. "Is this what you had suggested before our divorce?" Ellie asked in a whisper. "Oh, Bill, if I had realized we would never have gotten divorced."
I got a sparkle in my devious eyes. "What does divorce have to do with it? You know we are not compatible on certain issues. We will never be compatible. But now, we understand each other."
"Release my hand," she asked and I did. Ellie took my hand and brushed the back of it gently with her lips. "Can we do this again? If you do not enter me, then even if you found another woman and married her, you would not actually be having an affair. For it would be Robert, or," and Ellie got a very sly grin on her face, "or maybe even Charles. Oh, Bill I would never make any trouble." I thought for a moment. Realty or fantasy? Suddenly, I realized I could have the best ex-wife that any man ever had. Yet could I trust her? There are times that she has the ability to fire shrapnel.
I rose to leave the two lovers to their weekend of passion. "Wait," Robert said. "Help me turn her over and tie her down again. It won't take me long to get hard again and she likes me to play with her ass and take her from the rear as well."
"Please Robert, stop talking and fuck me again. We only have two days before the kids come back. I don't care anymore if Bill stays or goes. I just want to be used and pleasured." Ellie begged.
I said he would see myself out and pickup the kids after school. I walked out thinking about how different my life could have been if only I had known that the woman I loved was in reality the whore I desired. I would have loved and worshipped her. I would have made sure she had the opportunity for her sexual adventures whenever she desired, well as long as she let me watch whenever possible and shared her stories when I could not.
Then I stopped and remembered that Robert had told me photography students would join in his trysts with the married woman. Mostly they took pictures for Robert, but often she invited them to join the fun as well. How much more did I not know? And what happened to Robert's pictures? Who else might have taken pictures?
My mind began to wonder back to how it all began as I drove to meet my kids for our weekend while my ex-wife continued hers.