The author invites you to first read the two earlier chapters of this story, "Phone Call from the Nude Beach" and "Phone Call from the Nude Beach Ch. 02".
(She's in Miami, enjoying the weekend between the two weeks of her training class. Her husband is still Up North, trying desperately to get to Miami join her for the weekend. After spending Saturday afternoon on a clothing-optional beach she's back in her hotel room. The plan is for him to fly down late that night, spend Sunday with her, then return home Sunday night so he can be at work the next morning while she resumes her training class in Miami. She's waiting for her husband's call to tell her when he'll be arriving. Finally, her phone rings...)
"Hi sweetie. Oh no! Your flight's cancelled because of thunder storms there? And they can't get you out until tomorrow? Bummer! But you can still get here for tomorrow afternoon? And Mom is still OK keeping the kids?
"Okay then, try to get that morning flight, that will give us Sunday afternoon on the beach, then you can fly back tomorrow night and still be at work Monday morning. Better than nothing, so go for it! But will it be worth it, all that flying and airports and stuff, just to see me naked for a few hours?
"Oh, so it's not just the seeing me naked, it's the seeing me naked in front of the whole world. Okay, that's what I was doing today, might as well go naked tomorrow, too. Maybe about a thousand people saw me naked today, so I guess I can get naked for you!
"Yes, and you can watch as another thousand see me naked tomorrow, just get here!
"You should have been on the bus with me riding back from the beach today. When I left the beach I took that scruntchie out of my hair and made it back into the bathing suit, just enough to cover my nipples and my clit. Waiting at the bus stop, almost every car with guys in it stopped to offer me a ride, but I really wanted to take the bus, and one finally came by. The lady bus driver told me I'd have to wear more clothes to get on her bus, but I didn't have anything more, since the towel I'd been using at the beach was rented from a vendor there. So I waited for the next bus. Same deal: no clothes, no ride. But this time they let me on, but only after the driver and some other passengers looked closely at my my pussy and saw that there was a little strip of fabric in there. It had completely disappeared between my lips! But now, I held my pussy lips open so they all could clearly see the thin little strip that almost covered my clit, proving that I was wearing something and therefore not naked. Once I got to the hotel I grabbed one of their pool towels and put it around my waist in case anyone from my training class would be around. I really, really don't want them seeing me nearly nude. So now I'm back in my room.
"Well, tonight sweetie, I was planning to go club-hopping with you, so it looks like I'll be doing that alone, or maybe I can talk some of the other trainees here into going with me. But if I do get them to go with me, I'll have to wear something respectable, because these are the people I have to sit in class with all next week and they don't need to see me nearly naked. But if I go alone, only strangers will see me, so I'll wear what I'd be wearing if you were here taking me out, in other words, nearly naked. For you, I was planning to wear that cute little black sheer thing that flares out and comes down almost far enough to cover my butt. In front it comes down to the top of my slit, but since my pussy is bare it just looks like I'm wearing flesh-colored panties with a seam up the front that's actually the opening of my cunt. That's what I'd be wearing if you were here to take me out. Think how easy it would be for you to finger me—I wouldn't even be wearing panties to push aside!
"Oh, you got that for me just to wear with bottoms in the privacy of our bedroom? And all this time I was thinking of it as a complete outfit to wear when we go dancing, so you can show off my nakedness. Silly me!
"Oh, so you want me to go with them and not alone? And why is that?
You're so sweet to be worrying about me! I wish you were gonna be here tonite, I'd be going practically naked. That's what you get for staying home to play golf all weekend.
"You think I should cover up more? Why? I thought you wanted me to show off my lady bits—that's what you're always trying to get me to do. Well, I'll decide that later. Right now I'm going to get a shower, then get dressed, well, partly anyway, and go out. I'll call you later tonight after I get back from the clubs. And by then you'll be able to tell me what flight you'll be on tomorrow. And yes, I'll tell you then what I decided to wear. Are you excited now thinking of what I'm gonna wear? You'll find out later, meanwhile you can jerk off thinking about me being almost naked in front of the whole city of Miami. I'll call you later—love ya!"
(After she returns from club-hopping, she calls hubby...)
"Oh sweetie! Did I wake you up? Sorry, but I want to tell you what a great time I had. I'm back in my room now. First, I had almost forgotten, one of the guys from the beach, one of the ones who helped me keep my tits and pussy from getting sunburned...
"Yes, he did rub my tits and pussy with lotion. He was very careful to put lotion on the insides of my lips while I held them apart. It takes more than two hands to do that, so I appreciated the help.
"You don't like that? OK, next time, I'll get him to hold the lips apart while I put the lotion on.
"Well, he turned out to be in my training class. He gave me his room number, so after I hung up with you and got my shower I put on a towel and went down and knocked on his door. So he and his roommate agreed to go out clubbing with me. I was already wearing sandals and had my outfit in my hand, so I left the towel in their room, and off we went.
"No, not naked! Of course not naked. I'm a respectable woman. Since I was already holding that little black sheer thing in one hand, along with some money, I just dropped the towel, and slipped it on and out we went! However, we did sneak out the back entrance of the hotel, because I really didn't want to go through the lobby where the class instructors might see my bare ass and pussy. And also my tits through the transparent material.
"I had to be careful. Like I already told you, my outfit covered only the top half of my butt, so below the top of my hips I'm naked, front and back. Anybody could look and see my bare pussy, but since they'd think no woman would ever go that naked in public they'd think I was wearing flesh-colored panties with a seam up the front.
"Walking down the street to find a club, a smart cop stopped me because he realized he was really seeing my pussy. Remember, the sheer top doesn't come down very far, so he knew he really was seeing my bare pussy. He and everyone else on the sidewalk! Apparently he wasn't fooled into thinking my slit was a seam in a pair of panties. I thought I was busted! But he let me take the price tag that happened to be still on my outfit and stick it over my slit. I stuck the string inside me to keep the tag in place. Once he saw that the tag was enough to cover the top inch or so of my pussy crack, he let us go.
"You're squirming because of how I was dressed? Well, forget golf with your buddies and get down here!
"Well, the first club we came to was having a dance contest, so I and one of the guys entered. Every time he twirled me around, my outfit flew up almost to my shoulders, and a couple of times he turned me upside down over his shoulders.
"Yes, you know I was nude underneath, except for the price tag over my pussy. So, yes, they saw my whole bare body except for maybe my shoulders and the top inch of my pussy. But this was a club, there were no children there!
"Yes, you're right—our own kids should never see me dancing naked like this in public. That's why we made arrangements for them to stay with my Mom.
"and a couple of times he swung me upside down up in the air.
"Yes, my legs were sticking up in the air. And, yes, they were apart. After a couple of flips like that the tag came off. Well what do you think? Of course my pussy was 'out there', but only for a second! Until this one move where I got down on the floor on my back and pulled my knees up to my chest and he rolled me up on my shoulders—that's when my butt and pussy were straight up and I know everyone got a really good view between my butt cheeks and also between my pussy lips, because I saw the cellphone pictures afterwards. You should have heard all the cheers! Ha! and all you ever wanted me to do was just take off my bathing suit at the beach! Well, you wanted naked—this is my naked! Anyway, sweetie, that's how we won first prize, it was a lot of money, which he and I split!
"Well, my share is enough to pay for your airline ticket, so make sure you catch that flight tomorrow. So the next club we got to was just starting a home-made bikini contest. I wasn't expecting this so I didn't have any materials with me. So I made some little triangles out of the paper napkins they had on the tables. I used some of the juice from my pussy to stick two of them onto the ends of my nipples. And the one for my pussy was maybe half an inch wide and it stayed on just with the juice that was already there. In fact, it even stayed on when I was up on the stage and turned my back to the audience and bent over. If I hadn't spread my legs to let them see my pussy from behind, I would have won right then and there, but once the judges saw my butt hole they tried to disqualify me. That was because the rules said that your nipples, your pussy, AND your butt hole had to be covered—oops, sorry! The crowd got angry at the judges and started yelling for them to let me make a new piece for the bottom. So I cut out a new piece of paper, stretching from the hood of my clit down far enough underneath to cover my butt hole. Several volunteers helped me fit it. After several tries of patting it into place we got it just right, and they let me go back on the stage. So we won that contest, too. Enough money to pay for my whole trip AND yours! The other rule was that you couldn't get back into your street clothes for the rest of the dancing. The pieces of paper kept coming off, but nobody minded, so I just continued dancing nude.
"No, nobody else there was nude, just little ol' me. Wearing only sandals, my wedding ring, and a smile. My naked body, gyrating and twirling around, among all those dressed people. It was a real high, and I must have lost about two gallons of pussy juice all running down my legs and onto the floor. I wish you could have been there to see me, I was so horny I would have let you fuck me right there on the dance floor, even with everyone watching! But, you weren't there so you missed out. Anyhow the manager collected the bits of paper and, using my pussy juice, stuck them to a little card and had me sign it, and then, again using more juice, stuck it on the wall over the bar. I'll bring you here and show it to you, that is, if you ever get here! It gets us free drinks whenever we visit again.
"What? You just came in your shorts, without even touching yourself? Just from my talking? I am so flattered!
"Well, back to my story, walking back to the hotel we'd gone about half a block when a stranger brought to my attention that I seemed to be completely naked—apparently I had walked right out of the club not realizing I was still nude! Fortunately one of the guys found my outfit in a pocket so he gave it to me and I slipped it on. When we got back to the hotel, we found that the back entrance was locked so we had to go through the lobby. Lucky for me, nobody I knew was there, and we got back to our rooms without anyone else from the class seeing my tits through the sheer material, or my ass or pussy which were of course completely bare. We divided up the prize money before going to our rooms, which is where I am now, talking to you!
"And you know I'm teasing you about how naked I was because I want you to feel bad about not coming down here for the whole weekend. You can play golf anytime and you can see me naked anytime, but how often do you get to see me naked in public, like you tried to get me to do up at that beach in New Jersey? Well, here I am, naked on the beach, almost naked on the street, with strangers telling me how nice my tits, my ass, my pussy, and even my asshole look, and you're not even here!
"So call me tomorrow morning when you get on your plane.
"You're on the first flight out tomorrow morning? So you'll be here by noon? OK, text me your flight info, and I'll text you how to get to the hotel. Or maybe I'll just have you meet me at the beach. How are the kids? Asleep? Good. Are you gonna jerk off again?
"You already did? Twice? By thinking about how I was dressed going out for the clubs? Or about strangers seeing me naked? You're jealous? How sweet! Now get some sleep before you have to get up to go to the airport.
"Poor sweetie, you can't sleep thinking about me going out almost naked? Well, try to fall asleep dreaming about that. Call me tomorrow when you board your flight. Then get down here and we'll go naked together. Love ya!