This is another story continuing in the life I enjoyed with Suzy. It happened a couple months after I lost a bet and paid up at the holidays, thus getting to know her mother more than I would have imagined I ever would. For those of you that haven't read the story I'm in my mid-twenties and she's in her early fifties. Granted it's an age difference but she's a very attractive woman and doesn't act anywhere near the age of someone in her fifties. She's got curly long blonde hair, green eyes, still firm 38 d tits, 24 inch waist and 36 inch hips. She is a good looking 5'2''. At 6'3'' I'm about 235 pounds and in the best shape of my life with a 34 inch sculpted waist, muscular chest, bulging arms and toned legs. The work in the gym had definitely been paying off well before I met Suzy and her support and encouragement was definitely not hurting my results.
We'd been together for about six months by the first of the year and I was starting to get used to her more open lifestyle. It was different at first but the more I accepted it the more fun I had. Right after the first of the year she opened a new business, an achievement in itself. Sure, it was just a bar but it was something to be proud of so I told her we could celebrate. I offered to take her out or do something special for her since it was her special occasion.
"Would you mind helping me with one of the opening nights, that'd be great!" she exclaimed.
"Sure, if that's what you want," I told her.
"Absolutely," she gleamed, grabbing me by the belt and pulling me down onto the floor. As I hit the floor she undid my belt and my pants. Fishing out my cock she began to masterfully suck me off. I looked down and watched as she wiggled out of her clothes and scooted around where she could straddle my face. Her neatly shaved pussy was staring me in the face as she pushed it to my mouth. I stuck my tongue out and began to lick at her folds. It didn't take long before she began to buck uncontrollably as I found her clit with my tongue and fingered her hole. As I grabbed each of her ass cheeks, pulling her down onto my face, she began to fuck my cock with her mouth. It wasn't long before we both exploded together.
The next night was the third night at Suzy's. It was billed as Lady's night. This was the night she'd asked me to help out. I figured she'd have me working the door or helping to keep the crowd under control. I rode in with her so was there a little early. We were hanging out in the office together when she was doing paperwork from the past couple of nights. I noticed that she'd hired a couple extra guys for the night. There was a box of bow ties on her desk.
"So, you're still up for tonight right?"
"Yeah, why?"
"Well, I have actually had two of the bartenders call off. Actually they chickened out I think, so it's looking like it's just going to be you, Kevin and Janel unfortunately."
"That's a bad thing," I wondered.
"Well honestly, if you're still in I'm sure it'll go well," she told me. "Janel will do alright with some of the gals and Kevin is alright but he doesn't have near your build. He won't look near as good behind the bar or on the floor either," she explained.
"I'm not sure I follow," I told her.
"It's ladies night," She said. "I got special permits just to make this place a success. Everything has got to go well and with your build and...well attributes".
"Wait a second, are you saying what I think you are saying?" Suddenly I knew what the bow ties where for.
"You said you'd do anything I wanted to help me celebrate the opening, that's when I remembered Thanksgiving," she said. "I just need you for tonight and one other night".
"Great," I sighed. My heart was racing as she came around from behind her desk. Standing in front of me she smiled.
"If it makes you feel any better I'm going to have to work the floor to, I'm that short thanks to the call offs. Here," she told me, throwing me a black tie to put on. "Let's see how this looks."
An hour later I was behind the bar wiping things down and getting ready for the crowd that was waiting outside. There were already fifty women waiting to get in. Suzy came over and gave me a big kiss. I'd been naked whenever she wanted me to and wherever she wanted but in a bar full of people was something I'd never imagined. She looked over at Kevin, stood us both together, eyed us both up and down and smiled. "Looks good fellas," she grinned from ear to ear. "Now, remember to flirt with the gals and push the table service. One of you behind the bar and one of you can work the floor for tips. At eight o'clock we're going to do the dance auction for a dance with the bartenders so the girls will run the bar then." Off she went to go greet the crowd.
The bar was immediately packed with fifty loud and rowdy women all pushing to get a peek over the bar. Drinks were flowing as were the comments. Eventually, after an hour or so the tables finally began to fill up and Janel began to work the tables. Kevin went out first and then I went out. It was exactly how I figured it would be. The women were very hands on about their excitement. I heard oops and wow a lot. One even took ahold of me and asked how much was that cocktail.
By 730 things were getting pretty packed and Suzy had decided to come out and deliver some drinks. Being a good sport she stripped down to just a pair of thigh high boots and came behind the bar. When I came back from the floor I found her bent over in front of the bar with Kevin behind her running his hands up and down her ass. She looked over and smiled at me, a sex crazed glow taking over her face. As she grabbed a tray of drinks and moved towards me she reached down and grabbed a hold of my cock.
8:00 finally showed up and it was time for the bartenders auction. Suzy called out the names and the lady's all put the bids into a bowl to be announced later. One of the bartenders would be picked to dance with the lucky winner for three songs. When the announcement was made Suzy smiled at me as my name was read. The winner was an attractive woman in her forties wearing a black mini-dress and heels. Suzy came behind the bar to replace me and I stepped out onto the floor as the d.j. began to play a slow song. The winner introduced herself as Allison. Allison was a slightly graying haired, blue eyed woman with a thick ass. She grabbed me by the cheeks and pulled me close to her. Half way through the song I could feel her breathing on my neck. By the beginning of the second song she'd pulled her mini dress up in the front and guided my erection between her thighs. Her tongue was warm and wet and felt good.
I was really enjoying myself and all the attention as the women in the crowd were gathering around us. Allisons manipulations were harder to resist than I thought and before I knew it I was tearing at her dress there on the floor as the crowd of women cheered. She dropped down to her knees and took me in her mouth as another woman stood behind me dancing and playing with my ass. I could feel hands all over my body as Allison was sucking me off. I looked back over at the bar which had now cleared out. Suzy was bent over the bar with Kevin behind her pounding into her doggy style and Janel feeding Suzy her tits. I pulled Allison up and bent her over on the dance floor. Finding her pussy soaking wet I pushed into her all the way to my balls. I thought the crowd of women were going to lose their minds as I began to fuck the fortyish soccer mom right there on the floor. Before I was through she was down to just her high heels and grunting like an animal as I thrust into her. One of the crowd walked up to her and began playing with her tits as I pounded her for all she was worth. The excitement lasted until the end of the third song and I finally erupted, pulling out in time for the crowd to watch me cover her thick ass in cum.
I was exhausted and still had a couple hours of drink making to go. Walking back over to the bar Suzy was still taking a good pounding from Kevin when I grabbed a beer and began taking drink orders from the now satiated crowd of sex crazed women. Watching her tits swaying back and forth I was feeling my erection growing again. Kevin was pounding her hard against the bar as the women swarmed the bar, beginning to cheer on the show. Janel and I served drinks as the two continued to go at it. As Suzy began to scream, a sound I was familiar with, I turned to watch her face expressions knowing that she was clamping down on Kevin's cock. As this was happening one of the girls at the bar reached over and kissed her full on the mouth.
Kevin, feeling the urge, pulled out and grabbed Suzy by the hair pushing her down onto her knees much to the roar of the crowd. As I watched he jerked his dick at her face, exploding with a load of cum that didn't seem to end. Blast after blast struck her face running down onto her tits, down her stomach and onto her thighs. As the crowd applauded and ordered round after round of drinks to the sound of music coming from the speakers the ladies worked the selves into a frenzy for the rest of the night. Suzy wiped herself off and stayed behind the bar wearing Kevin's load for the rest of the night.
At the end of the night Suzy, Kevin, Janel and I stood around as the nights tally was rang up and in one night we'd done five nights worth of business, nearly eight thousand dollars. The auction for the bartenders dance brought in nearly two. Suzy paid Kevin and Janel and they left. Then, much to my surprise she kissed me on the lips still covered in Kevin's cum.
"So, did you have fun," she asked.
"It's never a dull moment with you," I told her.
"Wait until you see what I do for guys night..."