With thanks to Jasmine27 for help with editing. You may like to read some other short stories about this couple: A Taxi Ride Home, The Beginning and A Birthday Massage.
*****
So, did I tell you about the time I took my wife lingerie shopping? No? I didn't think so.
About six months ago my wife and I were making plans for a business dinner at home. I've started entertaining at home a lot more often recently. In fact, dinner at my house has become a highlight for the department heads of my company. I can't think why. Anyway, my wife decided she needed some new lingerie for the dinner. She likes to look pretty, and who am I to deny her?
It was one of those shops that you have to ring the bell to get in, and you just know your credit card is going to get a workout. We entered the shop and I have to say I was impressed, it was huge, with every type of lingerie you could imagine in an array of colours. My wife had shopped there before but this was my first time.
"Good afternoon, madam, sir." we were greeted by a rather stuck-up looking woman. "My name is Claudette, and if you should need any assistance, please, just ask." The assistant turned and walked back to the woman she had been talking to when we entered. "Sorry about that, Marian. Are you looking for something special, something to show Jeffery?"
"Sweetheart, I'm going to pick out a few things and then we'll go to the dressing room." My ears pricked up at the 'we'll go to the dressing room'. I turned my attention away from the shop assistant and the only other customer in the shop. "Why don't you have a wander round and see if there's anything that catches your eye?" my wife asked before she kissed me on the cheek and then left me on my own. Left me standing there surrounded by lace and silk.
'I can do this,' I thought to myself, 'I'm a grown man, I can select some things for my wife. Afterall, she buys my boxers and socks. How different can it be?'
Well fuck me!
Let me tell you, it's nothing like picking out a pair of boxers in the right size. Not only did I find lace and silk, but there were ribbons, pom poms, leather, chains and feathers. Some had parts missing, love those by the way, and some had extra bits dangling off them. Some tied up with ribbons, others with clasp or poppers. I have never seen so many different types of knickers; thong, g-string, French, bikini, to name but a few. The bras were padded, non-padded, with or without wire, full cups, half cups. I think you get the picture!
I lifted a pair of black, lace, crotchless knickers up to my face. I opened up the crotch area, just to see if they were in fact crotchless, and then jumped when I heard someone clearing their throat rather loudly. I looked through the missing crotch to see the shop assistant looking at me like I was something she had stepped in. Feeling like a teenage boy I quickly shoved them back onto the display shelf.
Luckily my wife had found some items she wanted to try on and she came and saved me from the withering stare of the assistant. My wife linked her arm through mine and took me to the back of the shop and through a door marked 'Dressing Room'.
The dressing room really was a room. It was large and opulently furnished. There were two velvet sofas, in a dusky pink colour. They were sitting at a slight angle to each other, so not only could you could see the doorway to each of the individual dressing rooms they were positioned in front off, but you could also, if you wanted to, make conversation with the other person waiting.
In this instance, the person sitting on one of the sofas was a man in his mid 20's. He was sitting surrounded by shopping bags and I assumed he was the long suffering Jeffery, judging by the bored look on his face, and the fact that the other individual changing room was empty.
I nodded my hellos to him and made myself comfortable on the sofa, while my wife took her items to try on in the separate changing room.
The door opened and my wife was stood in a white silk teddy. "What do you think?" she asked.
It wasn't really my cup of tea but I pretended I was thinking about it. "Hmm, I'm not sure. Step out of the doorway, you're kind of in the shadow. That's it, now turn around so I can see your arse."
My wife had stepped out of the doorway and duly complied with my request. I could see the bloke on the other sofa was busy on his mobile phone and paying no attention to us. "Yeah, I'm not sure if I like it, honey. Part your legs a little and bend over."
Jeffery's eyes flicked up from the screen of his phone.
I made a big show of leaning forward, elbows on my knees, and having a good look at my wife presenting her arse to me. "No, that's not the one, honey. I can't see any pussy, it's completely covered still. Next!"
My wife stood and looked over her shoulder at me. I moved my head a tiny bit in the direction of Jeffery. My wife smiled, understanding my gesture. "Ok, sweetheart. I've got plenty of lacey things in here to try on for you."
I smiled and sat back. This should be fun. Feeling a small twitch in my jeans, I shuffled myself about to loosen as much material as my jeans would allow and spread my legs. I knew I was going to need the space.
The door opened again. This time my wife was wearing a black lace bra, matching knickers and hold-up stockings. "Oh yes! That's more like it, honey. Give me a twirl."
My wife stepped out of the dressing room. With a hand on one hip she slowly turned. "There's something missing," I said, "Put your heels back on."
As my wife was putting her shoes back on I glanced over at Jeffery. His head was still down in the pretence of looking at his phone. But I could see his eyes were focused on the door of my wife's changing room.
I knew the moment she stepped out because his eyes widened and his lips parted.
She looked beautiful, very sexy in classic black lace. She gave a little turn and I could see the knickers were in fact a thong. With her back to me she bent over and gave her arse a shake. "Well, sweetheart? Do you like these?" She stayed in that position while she waited for my answer.
"Very sexy, honey. Now, why don't you come over here so I can get a proper look."
With a wiggle in her hips, my wife slowly made her way over to me. I indicated that she should stand to the side of me. I turned slightly on the sofa. I was now facing Jeffery straight on , my wife between us with her back to him.
My eyes roamed over my wife's body. My appreciation of her firm tits covered in lace, the dip of her waist and the flare of her hips, was evident in the growing bulge in my jeans. I ran one hand up her stocking clad leg, over her plump naked bum cheek and up, cupping one of her tits and squeezing it.
"Bend over and give your tits a little shake. I want to see if the bra can hold them in."
Smiling my wife took a step back and bent over. Our new friend had dropped the hand holding his phone and was now openly staring at my wife's arse. My attention quickly came back to my wife as she shook her upper body. Her tits gently shook. I reached up and placed my hands under her chest, letting my hands take the weight of her. "Your tits feel real good, honey. Now turn around."
She turned slowly and stood for a second before bending over. Her arse was in front of me and I couldn't resist giving it a slap. It jiggled nicely and a light pink hue covered one cheek. "I do like these honey, I can see the outline of your pussy. We're definitely taking this set." I slapped the same cheek again and sent her on her way.
The main door to the dressing room opened. Jeffery jumped and with a guilty look on his face stole his gaze away from my wife's dressing room and looked at his wife marching in. She had a few pieces in her hands, mainly white cotton from what I could see. Not that there's anything wrong with white cotton. I've had plenty of stiffies seeing my wife in white cotton knickers, seeing the white of the gusset change colour as it became wet, pressing my nose against the wet material... Anyway, where was I?
Marian breezed past both me and her husband without a second look. I heard him sigh heavily and saw him give a little shake of his head. As the door of Marian's dressing room closed the door of the sexist woman I have ever seen opened.
She came strutting out in a midnight blue, babydoll nightie. Her high heels made her legs look super long and toned. I had images of them wrapped around my waist or head, either would be acceptable. The lace of the nightie skimmed the tops of her thighs and the whole thing was held together by a matching ribbon, tied under her tits.
As she walked over to me the material parted with the movement. I could see the creamy coloured flesh of her stomach and the tiniest patch of lace covering her pussy. My cock was pressing hard against the zip of my jeans when my wife came to a stop in front of me.
"Oh, honey! You look good enough to eat." There was a slight growl to my voice as I spoke. I love it when my wife wears something special for me. I don't care if it's classy or slutty, I just like looking at what's mine, all wrapped up like a present waiting to be opened.
I looked over at Jeffery. "What do you think, mate? Should we get this one too?"
His face went bright red. His mouth opened and closed like a fish gasping for air as he looked from me to my wife. "Well?" I asked again.
"Erm, yes, erm. It's a very nice colour," he spluttered.
"It is, isn't it?" I agreed approvingly. "Come here," I whispered. My wife bent over and I cupped the back of her head, pulling her mouth to mine. I licked her parted lips with my tongue before pulling the bottom one with my teeth. She gave a moan and I pushed my tongue into her mouth. I kissed her hard, my tongue exploring her mouth. As I kissed her I ran a hand over her arse. I lifted the scant bit of nightie covering her and pushed it up onto her lower back.
She was wearing a g-string. With just those tiny bits of string going around her waist and between her cheeks, her arse was fully exposed. My wife rested her hands on my thighs, fully leaning into my kiss. I now had both hands on her arse, kneading the soft globes of flesh. As I squeezed I would pull her cheeks apart, knowing matey on the other sofa would be getting a great view of her open pussy.
I pulled away from my wife's kiss, her eyes were black with desire and her breathing rapid. With my hands on her hips I turned her round. I put a hand in the middle of her back and pressed down. She took the hint and bent over, her hands now resting on her own thighs.
Her arse in front of my face, I inhaled. "You smell good, honey. We have to buy this now, you've made the string all wet." It was true, I could see her wetness covering the lips of her pussy, the blue of the material even darker than before.
As my wife was pushing her arse back at me and wiggling it round, begging me to do something, I looked at the other sofa. Jeffery sat with his legs apart, one hand on his cock. His gaze was fully on my wife's chest and her gaze was on his hand, as he squeezed, trying to relieve the pressure.
"So, the nightie is held together by this little bit of ribbon?" I asked no one in particular. I took the individual pieces in my hand and pulled. The bow slid open. As my wife's tits were exposed, a strangled noise could be heard from across the room.
I laughed, pulled her upright and slapped that delicious arse again. "Go and try something else on!"
As my wife walked back to her little room, the nightie open, her body on display apart from the wet triangle of lace between her legs, the other door opened.
Marian stepped out, in her hands she held two plain cotton bra and knicker sets, obviously the ones she wanted to buy. She came to an abrupt halt when she saw my wife, big smile on her face, hard nipples and a hint of pussy in the air. "Hi!" my wife said breezily as she stepped into her room and closed the door.
Jeffery leapt up at the sight of his wife, trousers tenting at the front. "Jeffery! How could you? We are supposed to be getting married next Saturday!"
'They're not even married yet and she's buying that shit to wear?' I thought to myself.
Marian threw her boring undies at a deflated Jeffery and stormed out of the room. The poor bloke stood there, hands full of white cotton, and just looked at me. "I'd run as fast as you can away from that one if I were you, mate"
Jeffery threw the underwear on the floor and ran out after his fiancée.
Despite the drama my cock was still hard and demanding to be taken care of. The door to my wife's dressing room flew open. She stood there naked apart from her high heels. I was already undoing my jeans as I pushed her further inside the small room. I spun her round and put her hands on the mirror in front of her.
I dropped my jeans and boxers to my ankles, grabbed her hips and pulled her back. She rubbed her arse against my hard cock, her cheeks parting slightly so I was nestled in between them. "You naughty girl," I said grinding against her, "Poor Jeffery won't be getting any action for a while."
"If you're that worried about Jeffery why don't you go and get him," my wife grinned suggestively. "I could suck his cock while you fuck me."
"Stop being such a brat or I won't give you my cock." I slapped her arse again, hard this time. She knows I'm not sharing and now she has a bright red handprint on her arse to remind her.
Taking my throbbing cock in my hand I passed it over her wet opening, brushing over her clit, making sure I was nicely lubricated before I lined myself up. With one hard thrust I pushed myself into her soaking pussy. Her muscles gripped me tight, this wasn't going to take long.
I pounded in and out, my knees slightly bent so I could go nice and deep. My wife's head hung down between her shoulders, arms and hands braced on the mirror. I grabbed her hair and fisted it in my hand. Pulling her head up so I could see her face in the mirror. Her mouth was open and eyes closed, panting hard as she pushed back onto me.
I could feel her juices on the top of my thighs as it ran out of her. "Christ your wet!" I groaned pulling her hair even harder. A movement in the mirror caught my eye. Jeffery stood outside the door, the forgotten bags from the sofa in his hands. I grinned and winked at him.
Picking up the pace I fucked my wife hard. The slapping sounds of flesh on flesh and heavy breathing reverberating in the small changing room. I could feel my orgasm growing ever closer, I needed my wife to cum quickly.
"Did you enjoy Jeffery looking at your body?" As I asked the question I could feel a small spasm from inside her pussy. "Did it make you wet? Did you see how hard his cock was when he saw your tits?" More spasms. "Do you think he's jerking off now thinking about you, my little slut?"
My wife screamed out a long "Yesss." And as she came her tight tunnel gripped my cock like a vice. My head fell back and I let out my own shout as she milked the cum from my cock.
As my softening cock slipped out of her pussy I caught a glimpse of Jeffery slipping out of the door and back into the shop.
I left my wife to finish getting dressed while I paid for her purchases. I especially took delight at the face of the snooty shop assistant when she realised how wet the lace thong in her hand was as she wrapped it in tissue paper. I couldn't help but chuckle.
Arm in arm my wife and I left the shop, my wallet much lighter than when we entered. "I wish you'd let me put my knickers back on, sweetheart," my wife whispered as we walked down the street, "I can feel cum running down my leg." I just smiled, today has been a fucking great day so far.
The End.