Rachel returned from the bathroom suddenly aware of not having a bra on as she noticed two men sitting at the table next to theirs. Her husband only smiled as he noticed her erect nipples under the thin shirt. She wasn't surprised at his reaction; she was surprised at how much the other men seemed to like looking at her pregnant body. The men's eyes followed her breasts and belly as she walked to the table and sat down. Rachel found herself a little disappointed as they looked away, returning to their drinks. Rachel's husband, Jake began playing with her leg under the table, and she found herself looking over at the men again her mind wandering to some very naughty places.
The waitress arrived with their food and she was distracted. She ate, not trying to hide her braless breasts from anybody, enjoying the occasional glance she got from the men nearby whose food had also arrived now. About halfway through dinner the baby woke up and began moving inside her. Taking Jake's hand she put it on her stomach.
"Can you feel it?" she asked.
"Yes," he replied. The men were looking over now obviously interested. Rachel smiled back at them.
"May I?" one of them asked indicating her belly.
"Sure, if you want to."
He moved over to the chair next to her and placed his hand on her stomach.
"You need to go lower," she told him, taking his hand and sliding it down over her stomach, aware of how close he was to another area of her body.
"I think I felt something," he said. "Thank you. Sorry for being so forward."
"I don't mind," she said looking around. They were fairly alone in their section. "hang on," she said as he started to get up. She rolled the top of her maternity shorts down exposing her belly. "now feel."
She gave Jake a naughty smile as the man's hand rubbed over her bare stomach. His hand continued caressing her until his fingertips brushed the top of her trimmed pubic hair.
"Sorry," he said.
"It's OK," she said pulling her shorts back up as the waitress came over.
"Thank you. I hope you don't mind me saying you are very sexy."
"I don't mind at all," she replied. His hand no longer on her belly found a new home on her thigh. Jake had finished eating and so had the other man, leaving only Rachel and the one beside her. Jake was pretending to watch the game on TV, but she knew he was actually watching the hand on her thigh. He moved his plate over and they all sat together making small talk. His hand only rarely left her leg. After dinner the man helped her stand up and then took it upon himself to walk her out. Her husband and the other man following.
As they got near the vehicle, the baby woke up again. "there she goes again," Rachel said leaning against the van.
"May I? one more time?"
"Sure."
This time he rolled her shorts down himself as he caressed her stomach. His hands crept low on her stomach the movement had stopped, but he kept searching to find it. Rachel let him feel around, not ready for him to stop; she didn't tell him it wasn't still moving. His hand was low now, his fingers inside her shorts slipping through her pubic hair.
"Careful," she warned. "Much lower and you will find something else."
"I wouldn't mind that either," he whispered.
"Well, then keep looking."
"OK," he said his fingertips moving lower finding the growing wetness between her legs. She could hear Jake and the other man talking on the other side of the van only a few feet away as this stranger worked her shorts down to gain better access between her legs. She stood there the door blocking the view from the street as her shorts came down. She was leaning against the van, her shorts around her knees, fingers probing her wet pussy as Jake and the other man came around.
"Looks like we are missing out," the other man said moving towards her. His friend moved over and she soon had another hand roaming over her body. Jake looked on as her shirt was pulled up exposing her full breasts. She had a hand on each breasts and each of the men had a finger inside her. The first began kissing her neck, moving slowly to her mouth. She returned his kiss passionately, her body full of pleasure as the other man began sucking at her nipples. A car pulled into the parking lot disturbing her pleasure. The men opened the side door and everybody piled into the van. Jake drove, one man in front, Rachel was in the middle seat with the other, who was immediately all over her. She returned his kisses, letting him pull her shorts completely off. She freed his cock, pleased to find it long and hard. He laid the seat back as much as he could and Rachel straddled him her wet pussy welcoming his cock inside. Jake drove as she moved on top of his cock. The man in the front seat watched intently, adding to her excitement. It didn't take long for the cock in her to explode and at a stoplight the two men traded places. This time she found herself lying on the seat. The man half on, half off the seat between her legs. She moaned loudly as he drove his cock lustfully into her cum filled pussy. Rachel was soon cumming herself as the large cock moved around inside her, her orgasm sending him over the edge as he added his cum to her already full pussy. As her orgasm subsided she realized Jake was pulling into the parking lot again.
The two men helped her out of the van and she stood beside it naked, kissing each of them long and deep before they departed.