After the big rush, work was finally catching up and home life was getting back to normal. My boss Carl came into my office and said he was thinking about setting up a team building customer Bar-B-Que picnic. He said things had been hectic and the office had been under a lot of stress. Carl continued; with the industry tightening team member relationships outside the office were important and finding activities that the entire group could share was critical.
Carl also noted he had several potential clients but explained relationships have a short shelf life. He added matter how persuasive you are, no one will likely remember you from a business card or a one-time meeting. Making a connection quickly: grasp them with something to solidify the relationship was vital he noted. A bonding event that enables the staff to interact with customers and potential clients was a great investment. Carl stated he had picked a location but it was expensive to rent the entire location for the holiday weekend and wanted to confirm my wife and I could attend.
I was caught up in his pitch when I realized; "my wife" I asked?
I was only half-way listening to Carl as my mind was racing a mile a minute. My wife had abstained from several requests from my boss to join him at client events and it had been over a year since her last acquiescence to perform the lead role. I didn't even realize he had stopped talking and was looking at me for a response.
I was caught off guard and was a little at a loss but noted I would have to ask Pam if we could attend.
I tried to minimize my selfish reasons by thinking to myself our company was excelling while others in our industry were slowing down. We were expanding while others were cutting jobs. We had been billing more than our company had ever done over the past year and my bonus's had reflected the upturn.
Later that evening I was procrastinating, trying to figure a way to fit the question into conversation when I just blurted out "Carl wants us to attend a company picnic".
My wife seemed to stare at me for a long time, then asked pointedly "doesn't it bother you when your co-workers are fucking me?"
I was stunned by the abruptness of her question and there were a million things going thru my head but I realized I had an obsession... no more of a compulsion.
I loved my wife and our sex life was good but it was like a drug addiction. When my wife is being used it intensifies my senses. My orgasms are so intense there are no words to describe the feeling. In addition; my cock acts like being a teenager again, getting hard when the wind blows. I can cum more times in a short period than I thought possible. When I'm finished I'm so spent my balls ache.
After an awkward silence all I could think to reply was "would you rather not go?"
Pam looked at me for what seemed like eternity but was probably only a few seconds. She said "I worry about a lot of things: will the wrong people find out, what do your co-workers think of me, is what I'm doing wrong... but then I remember the rush of excitement being the center of attention, the arousal of being so vulnerable and the euphoria and relaxation from climaxing more than I thought possible..."
I interjected indecisively "if it makes you feel good?"
My wife went on "the last time I even had an orgasm the next day from the throbbing; I was just walking... I didn't even touch myself."
Before she could say anything else or change her mind I blurted out "I'll tell Carl we will be there."
My wife is an attractive 30 some-year-old mother of two. She is not a super model, but my colleagues think she is gorgeous and she keeps herself very fit. She stands 5'-2" with a slender 34B-24-34 body with an awesome bubble butt, brunette hair hanging just below her shoulders and an ever-present smile. Pam is typically a very conservative and modest woman, she is active at our local church and is a stay at home mom. But as I have found out she has a concealed uninhibited immodest element.
Carl had tentatively set up the picnic, inviting our best clients and a couple of possible new accounts. He pointed out that I would be the only manager level person at the event and it would be a great opportunity to position myself for further advancement. He went to great lengths to explain to me that the business world wasn't like a formal event and that Pam should dress in an immodest little outfit he had come across that was perfect for the event.
The morning of the picnic my wife squeezed into the skimpy tight white cotton shirt and skirt Carl had provided. We drove north of town following the map Carl had given me and arrived to a small parking lot with about 10-12 cars already parked. The map showed the grill and pavilion were about a half mile down the trail. The area was like a botanical garden; well-trimmed flowers and my wife talked about how beautiful it was to hide her nervousness. As we started walking down the path and could smell the cooking even from the lot.
When we got close the area we could see the smoke from the grill and a nicely kept pavilion; which was almost like a small house. Carl had the group broken into smaller groups, as they wandered around the gardens it looked like they were in the middle of some type of activity, like a scavenger hunt. Looking around at the wandering groups I was not surprised but realized my wife was the only female.
I counted 17 guys, most already drinking heavily; Carl, myself and seeing Philippe and Jorge was no surprise. The rest included my regular customers; Paul, Tim, Rob, Dale, Mic and our supplier and my neighbor Phil. What to say about Phil other than every time he came to an event with my wife he was able to get us another discount for our company's materials on our next order.
There were three prospective clients; Ruben, Eric and an older gentleman Bob. There were also four younger males; two I found out were Zach and Ryan (Phil's kids) and Bob's boys; Robert and Corey.
Carl pulled me aside shortly after we entered and explained that this event was very important to my job. He noted if "we" made a good impression today, especially with the prospective new clients I would be in line for more money and a promotion. Carl looked at Pam and asked her to give him a hand getting some cups and ice for the guys.
I gazed as they walked to the edge of the pavilion with Carl looking like he was giving her instructions. I could see my wife feign disgust, crossing her arms. I was a little confused when Carl reached and handed her a pouch and she walked around the corner.
Several minutes later I was beginning to understand Carl's scheme when my wife appeared with a beverage tray but without her skirt. Pam looked stunning passing out drinks in only her blouse, panties and heels. She had taken off her skirt to reveal her low rise red lace panties below the short tight white cotton top.
Pam's top was sheer and her bra shaped her breasts beautifully, the material allowed the dusky ring around her nipples to show through. Her panties were opaque but her dark patch of pubic hair could still be discerned under the lacy material. Her legs looked amazing from behind, the high heels making them look incredibly toned and muscular; the backs of her thighs were taut and shapely and her heart shaped buttocks round and firm. My hunch was Pam must have anticipated the impact; choosing the panties she wore because they covered less than half of her behind.
It also seemed the group had started taking notice as the activity was winding down and the guys gathering around my wife, gawking without trying to stare. Several guys broke the ice with Pam using the premise that the last item on everyone's list was to take a picture with an "exposed" living creature. They were pretending to complete their list; taking pictures with her but the boys were a little more obvious, following her like suckling pups.
When Pam came close I asked her how she was feeling.
She whispered that she felt incredibly sexy but nervous.
I asked her how far she was prepared to go...
My wife answered that she would go as far as necessary to "consummate" the activities as a devilish grin crossed her face.
I smiled at her and told I was already turned on by what she was doing.
Carl summoned Pam to serve the guys several more rounds as the group was starting to get rowdier. I was not surprised that my regular customers had brought some rum and Paul quickly got my wife to do several shots with them.
My wife continued to serve drinks to the group but the four boys seemed to lose all their inhibitions. The alcohol had made them brash as they followed Pam around they made no effort to hide their friskiness staring at my wife's ass when she walked.
I didn't blame them; Pam knows how to play to a crowd. Her posture up and confident and her butt cheeks moving immodestly with every step. I have always loved watching her ass; how the crease forms alternately at the bottom of each cheek when she walks.
After several more rounds of shots with the guys Pam's walk had slowed, a little unsteady in her heels trying to continue to replenish the guys drinks. When Pam got back to Carl I heard him say "Please don't ask me to explain, but I need you to take off your panties and hand them to me."
I pretended to object but Carl continued with instructions for my wife; "You are the only missus here; the clients will be looking at how well and how cheerfully you serve them."
Pam asked "why should I?" glaring over at me and putting on an act of being upset.
My wife moved beside me and quietly asked what I thought... she appeared to be waiting for a reply or my approval but I offered none. I only smiled and asked if she was thinking about serving the group without her panties. My mind was numb and my cock was already rock hard and throbbing. She stood silent, peering at me and assessing my emotions.
Pam took a small step back noticing me adjusting the tent in my pants. She froze for a moment lost in thought. My wife must have taken my aroused state as my approval and walked back towards Carl. He said "you should start behind the serving table, offer everyone anything they want." and then held out his hand like he was waiting.
Pam's face was stoic; trying to keep as much dignity as she could manage. She understood her fate but still blushed, turning red as the gathering got quiet. All eyes appeared to be on her; the group stopped drinking, staring at her intently. Carl snapped his fingers with more command and pointed at her panties.
My wife appeared to be tormenting the guys, making her performance a long drawn out process. She put a thumb under each side of her panties and took her time; slowly one side then the other until just a glimmer of her dark lower hair was visible above the top edge of her panties.
The hush of the gathering turned to a muted excitement as I heard several murmurs from the guys; "holy shit" and "God Damn" in disbelief.
Pam purposely turned slowly with her back to the group and bent at the waist to lower her panties. The bunch got a little louder as Pam kept her knees straight and slowly lowered the cotton fabric until she exposed just the uppermost crack of her ass.
Zach was adjusting the tent in his shorts with one hand and gave his brother a high five with the other as my wife carefully lowered her panties until the hair between her legs started to come into view just before exposing her female parts.
Pam lingered; slowly provoking the group, pausing lowering her panties. The group crunched together, everyone trying to get a better view of my wife's ass. The mass got louder and the comments to get lewder until our neighbor Phil shouted "show us your pussy Pam".
Both of his boys looked at their dad in bewilderment and several of my regular customers made suggestive comments. The prospective client's faces looked apprehensive and mesmerized at the same time. Pam moved her ass back and forth a couple times, then slowly lowered her panties until they were just below her bottom.
She continued the gradual shifting of her panties until her lower lips were peeking out from the small tuft of hair between her thighs. When I looked around it wasn't just the boys rubbing their crotches. My wife turned her head slightly to glimpse the reactions as she slowly lowered her panties further until they were at her knees.
Corey blurted out "damnnnnn ...look at her little butthole!" as Pam persisted; her panties reaching her ankles causing the cheeks of her ass open putting her little puckered back door on display.
Corey's announcement induced an evil grin from Pam as she reached back to spread her cheeks giving everyone a better view of the small closed hole, looking like the knotted end of a balloon with slightly larger amber colored ring around the opening.
Our neighbor's boy Zach added "I've wanted to see that shit hole for as long as I can remember."
Pam must not have wanted to be outdone when Phil blurted "show me where my cock goes "she spread her cheeks wider; expanding and contracting her anus winking the small puckered pink funnel to her nether region. I also noticed Zach wasn't bashful, he had put his hand down the front of his shorts openly tugging his erection.
I think Pam surprised them as the group got quiet until I heard Philippe say "that asshole is mine" from behind the guys.
My wife looked amazing as she stood and turned in only her bra and tight white shirt; her fully exposed brunette bush was a drastic clash from the pure white top she was wearing. Carl directed her behind the serving table and told her to take care of the guys. With my wife behind the table I realize Carl must have thought ahead; standing in the heels the bottom of her bush was just above with the top of the white table; displaying her goods for all to examine.
Seeing Pam exposed and publicly paraded for my coworkers was like a main line of Viagra; my cock was rock hard and aching for a release. The group had gathered up to go thru the food line but most appeared more eager to stare at my wife's pussy than worry about the food.
I wasn't sure if Zach and Ryan were actually old enough to drink but both of them looked like they had a couple too many. It was apparent the apple didn't fall far from the tree as Phil's boys wandered behind my wife. Most of the guys at least pretended to be getting something to eat but Zach and Ryan were preoccupied with staring at Pam's behind.
The boys lingered behind Pam not bothering to disguise their awkward gawking for what seemed like 10 minutes. They continued getting more fidgety until Ryan moved forward acting like he accidentally bumped my wife on the bottom, trying to see how she would react.
They looked at each other in excitement because she had not acknowledge their antics. Zach whispered to his brother and then cupped his hand to pat Pam's behind; he grinned ear to ear when she still didn't respond.
The brothers got more animated and slowly the pat became a quick squeeze, then a full grope of her butt cheek. Before long I watched Zach reach his hand between my wife's legs and then removed his hand to smell his fingers. Both boys had a look of shock on their face that Pam did not look back or acknowledge their behavior in anyway.
I'm not sure what caught my attention but when I looked over at his brother, I noticed Ryan had fished his cock out of his shorts and was actively rubbing his member. Although he acted like his dad his erect male organ was anything but; appearing to be almost 8 inches long and thick. His urgency stroking his cock had increased however he was very quick to move behind Pam when Zach took a step back.
Ryan was only a few inches taller than Pam, so the heels Carl selected positioned his cock at the same height as her behind. He was gripping his cock tightly causing the precum from the head to form a slimy drip that reached to the ground. Ryan was very cautious as Pam kept serving but he inched forward; his eyes closed, mouth agape and his body tensed as he gently slide the head of his cock down the crack between the cheeks of her ass.
Ryan's whole body trembled as he gave his cock a quick wank uttering "ohhhh Jesus Christ Ms. *****." He stood there panting, waiting to see if she would respond and when she didn't he got a little bolder. Without touching my wife he pointed his cock head; still dripping a steady stream of precum, at the gap between her legs. Slowly he eased forward resting the head of his cock in the cavity at the bottom of my wife's ass and the top of her thighs. His eyes closed again as the look on his face appeared he was on cloud nine.
My neighbor Phil walked up beside me and said "I think she's going to pop my boy's cherry" when Ryan slowly started wriggling his hips.
He was still cautious as he began gently pushing his pelvis forward, tentatively reaching out to put his hands on my wife's hips. With his eyes closed the look on his face went from pleasure to anguish as he bent his knees and quickened his thrusts. Pam must have been enjoying it too as she placed her palms on the table to brace herself; opened her legs and arched her back for his access.
Pam looked to the sky; her mouth opened as Ryan lurched forward shouting "oh fuuuucck... Jesus Christ" at the instant his cock found the warm gash between her legs.
He wasn't gentle as my wife let out a low moan. Ryan had wrapped his arms around her and it looked like he was trying to mount her. "Oh fuck its good" he shouted as he started humping like a dog trying to mate his bitch. "I've wanted to fuck you forever Ms. *****." "Oh fuck I need to cum" he shouted as he was literally trying to climb on her back.
Pam tried to slow him telling him "not yet" to no avail.
Ryan moaned "oh god, OHHH MY GOD" as his ass clinched almost knocking my wife and the serving table over as he pumped his young sperm into her cunt in an instant. His arms wrapped around her tighter as his body spasmed with each spurt, the entire deed lasted less than a minute. My wife leaned forward to rest on her elbows with Ryan seeming attached to her back huffing and puffing to catch his breath; groaning "oh god damn, thank you Ms. *****, thank you..."
I looked around and the pretense of eating was now gone, at least 5 guys had their cocks out stroking them as they watched. Zach moved forward pulling Ryan out of the way before he seemed ready. My wife opened her legs a little wider as Zach shifted behind her.
Zach looked a little more like his dad; a stubby 5 inch cock, except it looked as fat as it was long. "Yes" he mouthed as he spread her cheeks and situated the wide mushroom cap of his cock against her pussy lips. Zach asked questioningly "it's my turn?" as he slowly pushed forward. The head of his cock disappeared between her lower lips as he let out a groan "oh fuck you feel good Ms. ******." He was more deliberate than his brother and asked "are you ready Ms. *****?"
My wife moaned "put the whole thing in me Zach!"
"Yes mam" he said as he grabbed her waist and thrust forward. "Oh fuck me" he shouted as Pam moaned when he bottomed out in her cunt.
Pam looked back beaming and said "no fuck me" with a playful grin.
Zach just held her tight, his face in ecstasy savoring the moment. The moment didn't last long as he started acting like a Chihuahua humping to find a wet spot, he was in effect masturbating with my wife's pussy. Pam moaned louder as it looked like he was trying to crawl thru her.
It must have been in the family genes, Zach had his arms wrapped tightly around Pam's chest and was physically lifting both his feet off the ground mounting her. "Jesus Christ Ms. *****" he moaned, "Oh God Damn I'm going to cum Ms. ******". He was out of control; his ass spasming as he was nutting into my wife. "Oh god, oh god Ms. ***** , oh god" he kept moaning as he bucked his hips losing control and falling to one knee. He quickly grabbed his cock jerking out the last couple of squirts groaning "fuck...fuck."
Neighbor Phil suddenly announced "Pam I'm next, I'm going to fuck you good."
But Carl stepped in and said "we should move to the pavilion." Carl must have prepared; the pavilion was screened in and cool with a ceiling fan, most of the chairs were moved to the outer area and a make shift mattress and sheets were in the middle of the floor.
A lot of the guys were trying to get a feel of my wife as we were ushering into the area when Philippe scolded "Pam, come here now!" He was leaning against the back wall and had removed his pants and underwear. His cock was not even hard yet but was thick and hanging at least 8 inches between his legs. He extended his arm to bring Pam in as she got close, giving her a deep kiss.
Pam had removed her shoes and was only wearing her small cotton blouse so the group had a perfect view of her gorgeous bubble butt and her toned thighs when she rose on the tips toes reaching up to kiss Philippe.
When they finished the kiss he never said a word, he put his hands on her shoulders and gently guided her to her knees. My wife looked up at him as she reached for his cock but he playfully slapped her hand away. Pam was looking up at him as he wagged his finger back and forth she grinned knowing what he wanted.
She lowered her head and kissed the tip of his cock, then slowly licked up one side of his cock and then down the other. Philippe's cock was beginning to twitch and had grown several inches. He let out a low grown as she place the head of his cock to her lips. She mouthed the crown of his cock coaxing the black shaft from hanging down to almost a foot long and arching forward to her mouth. Pam did her best to get the whole head in her mouth and Philippe's eyes were closed with a smile of enjoyment on his face.
He looked down at Pam and said "do you know what I want?"
Pam responded "my ass" as he broke out in a grin. She took his hand and tried to move him but he didn't budge.
She looked at him inquiringly as he said again "do you know what I want?"
Pam questioned "my ass?"
Philippe then said "tell me what you want."
My wife said "not in front of everybody."
Philippe then scolded her "tell everybody what you want." Pam was silent as he chastised her more forcefully "tell them what you want!" "Now!"
Pam looked down and said "I want that cock in my ass" quietly.
"LOUDER!" he replied.
She looked up at him and said "I want your big black cock fucking my ass" as she tried again to lead him to the mattress.
He just replied "no"... you are going to fuck my cock right here in front of everybody." He leaned back against the wall, lowered his arms to his side and waited. Pam must have realized he was serious as she turned to the crowd to remove her top. The guys were getting rowdy; she could see everyone watching her and most were stroking their cock.
My wife inched back until she could reach between her legs and take hold of his big hose. She could barely wrap her fingers around him as she slowly rubbed the tip in her cum filled pussy juices until he was slick and coated. She bent forward at the waist and adjusted his cock until it was level with her back door and pushed several times causing his cock to plop away because her sphincter was too tight.
Pam let go and placed her fingers in her sopping pussy and then reached around to put one, then two, then three fingers in her ass and worked them around as she moaned.
Philippe was getting impatient and announced "it looks like you are ready". My wife hold of his cock in her small hand and rubbed the head thru the cum dripping from her pussy.
When she placed the large cock head to her anus Pam's head tilted up to the ceiling ; her mouth opened moaning "anngh, unngh, annnhg, oh my God, ohhhh" constantly while she gradually wiggled her ass. She started rhythmically groaning louder as she pushed back a little more and then screamed "oh good Lord" as the sizable bell shaped head of his cock lodged in her ass.
Philippe smiled as he said "where's my cock baby?"
Pam looked delirious; she was staring like she was looking thru the group as she replied "in my ass."
He grin grew wider when he replied back "not all of it..."
My wife appeared to take it as a challenge as she started backing her body towards his, groaning loudly in delight. She had most of his cock buried in her behind as he put his arms around her chest to bring her back against his chest; making her fuck his cock with her hips. She had not stopped moaning for nearly five minutes when he said "my turn."
Philippe reached down putting one arm under each of her thighs, just above the knee and lifted all 100 pounds of my wife into the air. He lifted her legs to her chest to show everyone he was balancing my wife by the black pole shoved up her ass.
The group was going crazy shouting encouragement as Philippe and Pam both started moaning. Philippe was relentless banging my wife; her ass making slapping noises against his thrusting hips. As he got into a rhythm I was mesmerized as my wife looked a kinetic motion toy like a Newton's Cradle where every action has an equal but opposite reaction as her small white body seemed to repeatedly spring off his dark midsection.
She was chanting "Ow yes, oh God yes" every time her ass slapped his pelvis. My wife's eyes were focused on the group in front of her but she looked like she didn't seem to realize or didn't care anyone else was there.
Philippe's paced increased as Pam's body arched; her arms suddenly extended as she went rigid. She looked to the ceiling; screaming when he announced "I'm gonna cum". My wife's body began to jerk and quiver erratically as she reached her peak. The spasms of my wife's body caused him to lose control "here it cums" he said "Oh Jesus Christ I'm gonna fill your ass." Philippe almost lost his balance as his tempo changed to short quick thrusts; his nut sack contracting as he filled Pam's bowels with his sperm.
Philippe was able to regain his balance and lean against the wall as both their bodies seemed to go limp. My wife's body was like a wet noodle with her arms drooping to her side and her ankles next to her ears everybody had a perfect view of the long black hose penetrating her ass; deflating until it plopped out of her sphincter followed by a stream of semen.
There was a rumble of voices around me and I noticed several guys had got over excited and shot their load on the floor. Most of the other guys were standing in awe, watching with a drink in one hand and their cock in the other looking like they were ready for some action.
Phil immediately grabbed Pam's hand to lead her to the makeshift spread to be the center of attention when she told him "I need a minute and a strong drink."
Phil seemed a little impatient as Pam downed a couple of quick drinks. My wife grabbed her third drink in less than 5 minutes as Carl had turned on some music. She danced over to my regular customers in a teasing manner shaking her ass; she spun around planting a big kiss on Ricky. He pulled her in tight against his body and she did not resist as he dry humped her thigh.
After about the fifth guy, she was getting pawed and fondled by multiple guys all at the same time. She would be kissing on guy while another was behind her trying to rub his hard cock against her ass while reaching to fondle her tits. Several guys standing next to her would have their hands on her thighs trying to get between her legs for a feel of her pussy.
The alcohol was starting to kick in as Pam grabbed a drink out of Dale's hand and downed it quickly. By the time she got across the room she was being groped by 4 guys, she had the entire group steamed up.
She positioned herself behind Bob's kid; Robert and started rubbing her chest on his back. Pam reached around him to wrap her hand around his cock as he moaned and bucked his pelvis. She gave him a couple of soft slow tugs causing him to arch his back before she let go and moved on.
Pam lined up in front of his younger brother Corey and danced to the music. Corey reached down to pleasure himself and my wife playfully slapped his hand away. Corey seemed shy and turned red as she turned her back to him and reached to wrap her hand around his cock; sticking straight out from his body. She slowly lifted it as she backed up until it was seated in her ass crack like a hot dog in a bun.
Tim moved in front of my wife and as she bent to take his cock the movement of her ass on Corey's cock caused him to moan. Pam got an evil grin as she took Tim in her mouth she slowly undulated the cock between her ass cheeks. Corey closed his eyes and exclaimed "oh my god, so fucking good." She was bobbing up and down between the cock in her mouth and the cock enveloped by her butt cheeks. When Corey started murmuring "oh, fuck, oh fuck" my wife seemed to speed up her motions.
With my wife bent at the waist Corey grabbed her hips and pushed forward causing the head of his the head of his cock to pop out from between the top of her ass cheeks. With one last buck forward his cock spit a stream of cum that cleared my wife's head and hit Tim in the chest.
Tim didn't seem to care; he had grabbed the back of Pam's head and was fucking her mouth for his own gratification. Corey's cock was still splashing cum on her back when Tim shouted "oh shit, I'm fucking cumming"; his ass clinching as he forced my wife's head to choke on his cock. Tim was not gentle yelling "eat my cum you fucking bitch" pushing harder holding her head down forcing his cock deeper in her throat causing her to gag; semen drooling to the floor.
Carl had reached around her ass and began fingering her asshole when Pam turned to look at him saying "Yea that feels soooooooo good."
She looked out at all the guys saying, "Are you guys ready to fuck me, I need some cock in me!"
There was an immediate and resounding chorus of "HELL YES", "Fuck yeah" and more.
She was quickly picked up and carried above their heads to the center area of the room. One guy holding her up by her thighs lifting her above his head and then lowered her so his face was directly in her crotch, he sucked on her sloppy cunt as they walked over to the mattress.
Three guys laid her down, one got between her spread legs, another got up by her head and the third was rubbing his cock against her tits. The pace was furious when the guy fucking her pussy unloaded his sperm in her Phil instantly stepped up and slammed his cock in her. "Pam I love my cock in you" he said pumping her at a brisk pace.
Pam had drained the cock in her mouth only to have Ricky's cock shoved in her face. She enthusiastically welcomed the cock by pulling him deep into her mouth to the point of her gagging. He did not let up and forced his entire cock down her throat to the sounds of her gagging with tears appearing in her eyes. He pulled his dick from her mouth long enough to say "are you OK?"
She nodded in response "yes I love being used like that." He smiled and shoved his cock back down her throat and began fucking her mouth like it was her pussy. Each time he fully penetrated her mouth and throat, Pam gagged but never showed signs of wanting to quit.
Phil had been fucking her for just a minute when he announced "I love your hairy piss hole Pam." "I need to put my belly seed inside you" as he was starting to lose control. "Oh fuck Pam, I need to get deeper inside you Pam" as he put his hands under her ass lifting her body to meet his. "Oh God damn Pam, God damn" Phil shouted "here it cums Pam, I going to put my sperm in you" as he pounded his pelvis into hers and clinched his ass. "Oh fuck, my sticky seed is filling your hairy belly opening Pam" he continued "oh God Damn Pam... uuunghhh... my babies are swimming in your tummy."
Ricky wasn't patient, fucking her mouth for his own pleasure when he groaned "get ready slut... God damn it, oww fuck oh fuck, ohh, ooohhh God swallow my cum" as his body tensed. He groaned and tried to thrust his cock deeper like he was trying to pump his cum directly into her stomach.
Pam was gagging the entire time he was grunting, he continued to hold her head as he looked to the ceiling yelling "swallow it all cunt!" Rickey pulled his cock from her mouth laughing "you're supposed to swallow it slut" as my wife spit up cum and saliva that ran down her chin and onto her neck, she was panting for air with her eyes tearing down her cheeks.
Pam looking worse for the wear; smiled and said, "That was good but I did not get much in my mouth."
Several guys, including myself were standing real close with our hard dicks in our hands about ready to erupt Pam said, "OK guys, cum on my face." The closest guy leaned forward and stroked his cock shooting a thick load of white cum all over Pam's face. When he was through, the rest of us crowded her, covering her face and hair with our white sticky fluid.
Several of us were still squeezing out the last drops when my customer Paul stepped forward and said "guys, she has more openings we are wasting."
I mentioned before Paul had worked with me, we spent several years with desks across from each other and I barely knew the guy. Now he was one of my customers and orchestrating my wife's orifices like a rat going up a drain. Paul had a couple guys move her so he could lay down, they lifted her to position her squatting over his hefty 8 inch cock.
Pam knew what he wanted and quickly positioned his cock head at her little rosebud. Philippe had already got her ass ready as she shoved half Paul's cock in her ass on the first try. Paul and Pam seemed to groan "oh fuck yes" at the same time as she had lifted herself then quickly lowered fully impaling his cock up her anus.
There was no hesitation as another customer of mine; Dale immediately stepped up placing his hard dick in my wife's mouth while her head was turned toward him. He tried to shove his entire dick in her mouth but because of the angle he was at he was not able. Dale shifted directly above her head so that his cock was pointing directly down her throat and then shoved his cock and it completely vanished in her mouth.
Looking at Pam you could see Dale's nut sack on her chin and the bulge below her jaw at her throat as she began gagging again. Pam reached up and grabbed his ass and pushed him as best she could, out of her mouth. He let her take a breath and to his surprise, she tilted her head pulled him back down her throat even deeper than what he had done. He just let her control the action pulling him down her throat, then releasing him long enough to catch a breathe. She was controlling the action of getting her mouth fucked and his cock lodging in the warm tightness of her throat.
Mic crawled between her legs and she was about to service three of my customers at the same time. He struggled but finally was able to get his fat cock in her pussy.
Dale had let her control his fucking her face and she delivered; she pulled his cock completely down her throat. Pam held him tightly in position, with his cock in the tight confines of her throat. Her moaning must have pushed him over the edge because his face was in anguish as he grabbed her head, pulling her tighter like he was trying to shoot his load directly in her stomach. Dale moaned "Jesus Christ I'm cumming, I'm cumming;" as his ass cheeks clinched, his hips bucking causing her throat to bulge swallowing his load.
Mic and Paul were close behind filling her lower two orifices with their sexual discharge. The three ensuing guys impatiently waiting were three guys with bigger than average cocks. Jorge and two of my prospective clients; Ruben and the older gentleman Bob. Jorge had a thick black 9 inch cock; Ruben's cock was not as long but his girth was substantial. Then there was Bob, his cock was uncircumcised and not fully hard but it was thick as my wife's wrist and longer than her forearm.
All three wanted to fuck my wife in the ass. They positioned her to lie down with her back on the couch, her butt up on the edge of the arm and holding her legs back toward her head. This caused her body to lift her rear entrance off the couch a few inches and Jorge showed little mercy pressing the big head of his cock against her sphincter.
My wife's asshole opened up to swallow the head and then clinched tight around his shaft. Pam was in tears again but was commanding "fuck me harder, harder, deeper, oh God please put it all the way up my butt." Jorge took her at her word and ravished her ass for nearly 5 minutes.
"Get ready slut" he said as his nut sack started contracting; fucking her ass hard. "I'm cumming" dumping what must have been a ton of cum in her ass. Everyone could all see cum spewing out of her ass when he pulled his cock out; until Ruben took his place plugging her rear hole and continuing the harsh pounding of her butt.
My wife was moaning constantly but Ruben was too busy to notice. He was gritting his teeth, holding her waist and leaning forward on his toes trying to get deeper in her ass. Ruben mouthed "mierda, te voy a destrozar el trasero." as his body jerked when he began adding more sperm into her bowels.
As Pam lay on the couch with cum running out of her ass, several guys walked by calling her names. "You're a wonderful fucking slut, you're a cum loving little bitch."
Phil added "Pam I love putting my cock in all you're fuck holes."
Several guys stood next to the couch close her head was calling her names and dumping their ejaculations across her face and chest. My wife's face was almost covered in semen when she cleared her eyes and looked up to see Bob.
He was standing at corner of the sofa, his large cock bowed to the right but was as hard as it was going to get. He told me later it was 11 inches long and nearly 8 inches in circumference. Pam continued to stare as Bob seemed reluctant until my wife pointed and said succinctly "I want that in my ass."
Bob moved forward and placed the large mushroom cap of his cock against my wife's rear entry. Even though her sphincter was staying open the size of a dime it did not look there was anyway his big cock would fit in the small hole. She began moaning as Bob rubbed the head against her sphincter and pushed, his cock shaft bent more as the head slipped from her rear opening.
Bob grabbed the shaft of his cock with both hands as my wife opened her legs a little further. Pam was grunting loudly as Bob pushed the head of his cock against the amber ring surrounding my wife's anus. She began chanting "Jesus Christ, Jesus Christ" as the large head on his cock was starting to dilate her back hole. "Oh my God it's big" she screamed as the head fully expanded her sphincter.
Bob moaned and my wife screamed "Ooohhhhh God... holy Christ" as his cock plopped into her ass. Bob thought he hurt her until she screamed again "Oh Jesus Christ yes!" She let go of her legs and Bob held them to his chest as he slowly wiggled his cock. Pam yelled at him "God Damn you... Fuck my ass now!"
That was all the instruction he needed as he rammed her ass so hard that two guys had to hold her so she did not scoot across the couch. He was pounding her hard, almost brutal; he really wanted her tight ass and was trying to get all 11 inches inside. Bob lowered his grip to around my wife's thighs and grit his teeth like he was in pain as he increased the pace of his pounding.
"Ohhh fuck! God! Ooooh my God" Pam screamed as he violently took her asshole.
Bob bellowed back "Oh fuck Pam, fuck that's it ... get ready, OW MY GOD", slowly pulling his massive cock almost all the way out of her ass. My wife's anus was expanding outward until the underside of cock head purple was starting to show before violently slamming it back in her ass. Bob's pace got frantic as he began long stokes, pulling his cock almost all the way out of her ass each time before thrusting fully inside her bowels with each stroke.
He was pounding her ass so hard and fast, it was difficult for her to catch her breath. My wife was rhythmically panting when cock must have found the right spot. Pam was screaming and hurling her arms out of control as she became taut.
My wife's whole body began shaking and trembling as Bob announced "I'm going to fill your ass." He wasn't gentle slamming her so hard his balls were bouncing off my wife's ass, rolling his hips grinding his cock fully inside of her ass. Bob moaned loudly "oh fuck"; reached up and grabbed her tits as his ass clinched; bucking his hips, his cock spewing deep in her bowels.
My wife was still moaning, her body jerking as he pulled out cum streaming from her open orifice. Bob collapsed on top of my wife, giving her a deep kiss on her cum covered lips. They spent several minutes clutched catching their breath when he said "I can't ever remember fucking like that."
Pam just smiled and asked for some relief; she said she needed something to drink and to catch her breath. She told the guys "I'll be back in a min" to a chorus of grumbles and grabbed a towel as she went out the door. She took the small path to the side of the pavilion where there was a small pad, a stone wall that match the stone on the building and sink with make shift shower.
The group meandered to the back corner where the open air shower was visible. The boys; Zach and Ryan were in front, each jerking on their cock while they watched. As Pam was using the soap to lather up Ryan groaned and left a stream of spunk on the window screen.
When Pam finished the shower she walked back on the path and into the room like she went out, totally nude but looking refreshed. She approached Carl pressing her clean body against him while giving him a big kiss. She released his lips and swallowed his drink saying, "Do you want to be the first to fuck me after my shower?"
Carl was quick to lay her down and climb between her legs. He wasn't gentle and was quick about his work, cumming in just a couple minutes. Pam looked around and noticed Eric; one of the potential clients. He was sheepishly standing behind some of the guys watching the activities intently. My wife got up and walked over to him, he looked a little embarrassed but his cock seemed to say otherwise. He turned red as she took his hand and led him to the center of the room.
He was very obedient as she had him lay on the mat and turned her back to him. As Pam squatted over him he groaned "oh Jesus Christ" as she clutched his cock in her hand. "Oh fuck, oh fuck" was all he could say as she placed the head to her anus. Eric's eyes grew wide as he moaned "ooh my God" when she lowered herself on his shaft.
Dale was back and pulled her head to his cock as she bounced on Eric's cock. He must have been more than ready because he didn't even let her suck, he grabbed her head thrust his hips and groaned as his body jerked filling her mouth with his sperm. Eric was close behind, groaning as my wife ground her ass on his pelvis.
Neighbor Phil was hovering over her before Eric had even pulled out saying "I want that ass next Pam." He got a quizzical look and asked "where are you going Pam?" when she had him lie down and started walking away.
She just raised one finger to him; gesturing one minute and she went over and took Zach and Ryan by the hand. Pam led the two boys over to where their father was laying, she let go of their hands as she straddled Phil.
The boys looked on as Pam sat on his face and said "eat me where you want to put you cock." The boys seemed in awe as their dad hungrily munched on my wife's well used ass. "Mmmmmmm yeah" she moaned "stick your tongue in and clean me out" as she began gyrating on his face. Pam playfully slapped his hand as he moaned; reaching for his cock to relieve his pressure.
Phil mouthed "Oh God I want it in your ass Pam" as she lifted off his face. "Pam you slut PLEASE stick my cock in your ass" he begged causing her face to show an evil grin. She purposely sat on his mid-section and took Zach in her mouth. Phil kept trying to shift his body grind his cock on her body as she shifted to take Ryan in her mouth.
Phil was frantic as my wife teased him "Pam you fucking whore, I need to cum...NOW!"
She purposely raised and leaned forward to expose her puckered hole to him. "Oh God Damn Pam; I love the brown ring around your back door" he yelled. "Pam Please put my dick in your shit hole." "I want to fill your ass Pam; I need to empty my cock in your gorgeous behind."
Phil reached to spread her cheeks "Fuck Pam, I want my cock in your little brown butt hole." "Pam don't make me beg, Please let me cum in your back hole." She finally relented squatting with her back to him and aiming his cock at her anus, he shouted loudly "Oh Jesus Christ Pam" as she sat on his cock.
Phil looked anxious as she leaned her back to his chest, wondering what she was doing. He was quick to find out when Pam said "okay boys your turn." She spread her legs wide as Zach got between them and without any preliminaries, shoved his cock completely into her cunt. Zach bent forward and kissed her cum covered face passionately while he pounded her pussy. When he released her she reached over and took Ryan in her mouth, she was now servicing all three of our male neighbors at one time.
Zach was pounding her hard causing his dad to start losing control "oh fuck Pam, oh fuck, oh Jesus Christ here it cums Pam" as he groaned and spasmed underneath the pile. "Oh God Pam my load is filling your ass" he continued moaning "oooh fuck Pam your brown shit hole is taking all my baby seed" as his son was starting to moan fucking my wife's mouth.
Ryan turned red, still being polite and asked "Ms. ***** can I put my stuff on your face?" as he was getting more excited... "I've never cum on a girls face Ms. ******"...oh fuck I need to cum"... "Please Ms. ****** please!" getting impatient. Ryan grabbed the back of my wife's head frantically fucking her mouth shouting "Oh God, I want to shoot my sperm on your face Ms. *****" as he was starting to lose control.
As Pam released him from her mouth, Ryan grabbed his cock jerking as fast as he could shouting "I'm gonna put my hot spunk on your face Ms. *****". Ryan's body jerked as he rubbed his cock on her lips as he spewed 6 or 7 jets of cum on Pam's face. He grabbed the back of her head tightly as he shoved her face roughly against his crotch. He rubbed her face in his crotch yelling "Oh God damn you're an awesome fucking whore Ms. ******." Ryan continued moaning "thank you, thank you, oh fuck thank you Ms. *****, thank you..."
Before she could pull away, Zach grabbed her hand saying, "I'm next, and I need to cum. I want to fill your nasty piss slit you slut." He had one hand on her thigh to hold her still as he fucked her and with the other hand; he was pinching her tits creating small red welts.
She was moaning with pleasure as Zach shifted her body off his dad's and continued his assault of her cunt.
His forceful pounding was getting her worked up as Pam instructed "Yes, take me, fuck me, abuse me, I'm your slut." His bigger than average cock was pounding her without any tenderness, he rammed his cock all the way inside her for his own pleasure. Pam and Zach were both moaning as her pussy was being pounded.
Zach was not gentle as he shifted both hands under her ass and lifted her pelvis to get his cock deeper. "Oh fuck, Right there!" she screamed.
Zach was grunting loudly with each stroke as he would pull out almost all the way out and then slam back into her cunt. Pam wrapped her arms around his torso exclaiming "yes, yes, YES" each time his pelvis slapped hers. My wife got rigid as her whole body started to shake.
Zach tensed up and slammed inside her one last time "Oh fuck here it cums bitch" as his ass clinched with each spasm. They laid there gathering their breath when Zach kissed her cum covered lips. "Fuck that was good Ms. *****" he gasped sheepishly between breaths.
Pam gathered herself and looked up to see at least half a dozen guys still rubbing hard cocks. The group was rowdier from the alcohol and chanting when Zach finally got up. Pam just licked her lips saying "that was fine, now how about you guys getting your cocks in my ass while I suck on more cocks, anyone ready?"
She got up to the guys drunken cheers and walked to a bar stool; bending over while reaching behind her backside spreading her cheeks to expose her gooey asshole. She did not have to wait long as Bob's boy Corey approached her and pressed his cock against her anus. Not to be outdone his brother quickly placed his cock at Pam's lips.
Corey; who appeared to be young enough to be her son seemed to enjoying the view as he spread her cheeks with one hand and aimed his cock with the other, quickly putting the head against her sphincter pushing just the head in her ass and quickly cock all the way back out to inspect her asshole.
Pam was moaning on the cock in her mouth as Corey shoved the tip of his cock back in her ass then pull it right out. He was enjoying the pleasure and purposely putting on a show for the group.
He commanded "spread those legs; show me mommy's used back hole" continuing the show for the guys. Pam did as she was told as Corey stepped up between her spread legs, holding his cock with two hands and quickly shoved it in her ass and pulled it all the way out. "Oh fuck your shit-hole is awesome Ms. ******" holding her cheeks open."
Corey grabbed my wife's ass cheeks spreading them wide "oh fuck Ms. ******, I can see your used asshole." "Fuck" he said again "mommy's little puckered brown hole is stretched and leaking."
"Damn Ms. ****** I could stand here all day looking at mommy's little puckered back door." "Jesus Christ" he voiced as he spread her cheeks wider "I can see up your ass Ms. ******" as her anus opened. "Mommy's little puckered brown hole is open and leaking the little swimmers from our cocks."
Pam released the cock from her mouth and said "I need to be fucked, I want to feel every inch of that cock of yours up my behind."
He did as she said; shoving his cock in her ass a few times getting it coated with cum and shoved it in her anus balls deep. Corey began to really pound her butt. She was encouraging him on with moans of pleasure egging him on "c'mon on baby, give momma your lovin."
My wife realized her comment excited him as he roughly grabbed her waist and was almost climbing on her back trying to fuck her ass deeper.
Corey got frantic screaming "Jesus Christ Ms. ****** I'm gonna cum".
Pam added "that's mommies little angel; put your mud guppies in mommy's behind."
His ass bucking and clinching he yelled out "I'm filling mommy's ass with my sperm" as he was squirting his seed in my wife's backside.
Corey slumped on her back; his feet weren't even touching the ground as he mouthed "oh God thank you, thank you mom... I mean Ms. ******, God thank you."
Pam didn't even let him finish as he slid to one knee when she moved; immediately grabbing Robert's cock. She sucked him deep in her mouth, working his cock feverishly, fondling his balls until he shot his load down her throat with a loud groan.
She looked over at me saying, "I'm so glad we came."
I pushed Pam toward Corey's limp cock that just finished in her ass and said "clean his cock baby, make sure his balls are clean too." She got down on her knees in front of him and immediately stuck out her tongue to catch the last few drops of cum.
She then opened her mouth and totally engulfed his cock. She closed her lips and let his dick slide from her mouth. After licking his balls, she licked his cock again and then turned her head and sucked his balls totally into her mouth. Oh to young again, his cock was responding to her mouth becoming hard again.
Corey said "holy shit you're a fucking hot mom, you are a fucking gorgeous slut. I need to fuck you again already Ms. *****, please... mommy?"
Pam said "in good time, in good time" kissing the head of his cock as she looked up, the line had grown with the lustful woman putting on a lewd show in front of the whole group.
The guy sitting next to her could not wait much longer, helping her stand he knelt burying his face in my wife's dripping snatch. Pam used one hand to hold his head against her pussy while she reached down to grab his hand. She then placed his hand on her ass encouraging him to run his fingers along her crack.
Paul followed her direction and when his fingers found her asshole she moaned "oh yes, that's the spot." Pam seemed to wiggle as she directed him "put your fingers in, tickle my dirty hole, please get me ready for more cock up my ass."
Paul did as she said and played with her back slit until he had worked three fingers up her ass. He was being tugged at by the next guy and when he removed his mouth from her pussy and his finger from her ass, she grabbed his hand and sucked on his fingers.
Paul said, "ohhh you fucking whore, you're the most wicked... mind blowing... delicious whore I've ever known."
Pam had a gleam in her eye as she laid Paul down and straddled him with her back to his face. She quickly lowered herself and started to ride the cock in her ass. My wife immediately began bouncing up and down on the his cock, slamming her ass down on his pelvis yelling, "Oh fuck me, fuck my ass, fuck me good, shoot another load of cum up my ass, I want to feel my ass getting filled up."
As she continued slamming her ass up and down his cock, he reached up and grabbed her tits. Dale yelled, "Let go of her tits and let them bounce, I want to see her tits bounce up and down." Paul let go and her tits were really getting a work out, it was turning guys on as they watched her tits bounce to their chants.
Dale was jerking his cock with one hand and slapped just the nipple of her bouncing tit with the other. Pam groaned loudly and looked a little surprised but did not ask him to stop. He began calling her names each time he slapped one of her tits, "You nasty slut, you cum sucking bitch... oh you filthy slut, you're going to make me cum again."
Pam's bulging nipples were fully extended as she continually whimpered; pleading for him to punish her tits while she increased the pace fucking the cock ass. Dale intensified his abuse on Pam's red ravaged nipples causing her to violently impale the cock in her ass. Both guys were going full stroke as my wife screamed she was cumming. Her body started convulsing causing Paul to lose his load in her ass.
Dale grabbed her hair as he turned her face toward him as he shoved his dick down your throat for the second time in less than a half hour. My wife reached up to pull him down her throat; Dale pulling her head tighter to thrust his cock deeper cumming down her throat. Before he could finish Corey pulled her hair, turning your face toward him saying "finish what you started mommy."
Pam choked but he would not release her hair as he held her head very firmly against his stomach pumping his sperm into her stomach. She pushed him away gasping for air with Corey still spurting, shooting his sperm into her hair and neck letting the remaining squirts of cum be deposited on the side of her face.
When they two finished with their animal needs they backed away leaving her lying with Paul's dick still buried in her ass. Corey said "mommy looks like a filthy skank" when Pam looked up disheveled, cum all over her face with globs of cum dripping from her hair.
The action pushed Rob and Mic forward in a frenzy. Rob grabbed Pam's head hair turning her face toward him. Her mouth and his hard cock were at the same level and he unceremoniously shoved his entire cock into her open mouth. He started to fuck Pam's mouth without any resistance when Mic moved forward shouting "my turn slut, choke on my cock."
Both guys feuding for her mouth as they started emptying their load on my wife. Rob and Mic rubbed their spent cocks all over her face, smearing their reproductive fluid on her face and dripping down her chest. Pam licked their cocks squeezing the head let the final drops of cum drip straight down her throat.
With the frenzy slowing Zach and Ryan stepped up; still a little polite and asked sheepishly "Ms. ***** can we stick our dicks in you again?" "Please!"
Pam just smiled and said "I still have an itch in my back door." Zach got the message immediately and moved forward but she put her hand up and had him lie on the floor. My wife squatted and impaled herself on the boy's stiff cock. Zach moaned as she leaned back against his chest.
Ryan looked impatient as he pulled her legs way up in the air. He stood their motionless until he blurted out "holy shit look at his cock in her asshole, Zach let me have a turn." He looked at his brother who had a big grin on his face enjoying my wife's ass and said "Ms. ***** tell Zach to let me try."
Pam just closed her eyes and moaned when Zach started moving his hips to thrust his cock in her ass.
Ryan continued to hold her legs, watching intently as a drip of precum leaked from his cock. "Please Ms. ***** I need a turn" as his cock throbbed upward as more liquid leaked from his cock "my dick hurts" Ryan said. Looking around for approval he added "I think she can get two cocks in there." Looking back at Pam he asked "can I go in your ass too?" "Please Ms. *****, my dick is hurting, PLEASE!"
He took the queue when she smiled at him and knelt between his brothers legs, putting my wife's legs to his shoulders. Ryan grabbed his cock to aim and stated inquiringly "Ms. ***** I'm gonna put it in your ass at the same time?" looking for an answer.
He was not patient when she didn't respond and pushed forward trying to squeeze his cock next to his brothers. He missed on the first try but it still must have felt good because he groaned "oh fuck." Ryan was quick to aim again and started pushing but he was not as polite "oh God Damn Ms. ***** you nasty slut" as his cock plopped into her ass. He yelled "you fucking bitch, ohhh... my dick feels so fucking good in your ass" as he frantically pounded her ass a break neck speed. He didn't even last 30 seconds as he screamed "oh fuck, ohhhh fuck Ms. *****, oh fuck aughhhh" bucking his hips as he shot his load.
Zach must have been enjoying it too; moaning as his dad shifted Ryan out of the way to take a turn. "Get ready Pam I'm going to add the family seed in your ass." Phil knelt between her legs and quickly pushed "here is cums Pam, I'm putting my cock in your ass." Phil and Zach both started pumping wildly and moaning loudly. Phil announced "I'm going to cum in your ass Pam" as Zach groaned loudly grabbing my wife's body and jerking. Phil was pumping with urgency "oh fuck Pam I'm going to put the family babies in your ass."
Pam smiled responded, "Yes I love the warm feeling in my ass..." as both guys had their cocks buried in her ass filling her bowels with their hot load.
Pam had taken care of the entire group and the line behind her was gone. Bob and Ruben were off to the side whispering and walked up to her said "we are leaning towards giving your husband our orders" with an evil smile.
Pam looked at the two and said "that sounds good."
Bob smiled and said "we are almost sure..."
After about a minute my wife looked at them saying "annnnnnnd?"
Ruben said "we think we just need one more sample..." as both guys smiled ear to ear while they were stroking their oversized cocks.
Pam looked like she saw a ghost as she realized what they wanted. She said "I can't fit both of you back there at the same time if that is what you are thinking..."
Bob replied "trust me slut, your asshole will welcome our cocks effortlessly. In fact you will be begging us for more. Come on Ruben; let's see how big her asshole gets."
Pam looked down between their legs saying " be careful guys, I'll do whatever you say, but just please ease it into me slowly." "Remember I still need to use that hole" as she laughed uneasily.
Bob said "Ruben lie down on the bench and let this slut straddle your lap so you can get your cock in her ass. Then I will get behind her and see if I fit my cock inside her butt to double fuck her ass with some real cocks" He moved the bench out into the middle of the floor and laid on his back, holding his dick sticking straight up.
My wife walked over to where he was laying and first reached down to stroke his cock to get it fully hard. She leaned down to take his cock in her mouth, took a deep suck and then swung her leg over his body placing her ass over his hips. Pam reached between her legs taking a hold of his cock and moving it so that as she lowered her hips on his cock slowly, inch by inch until all fat eight inches of cock were buried in her bowels.
Bob was stroking his cock, and then pushed her forward making her lean down on Ruben's chest. He straddled the bench right behind her making several attempts to put the large cock head next to the one filling her ass.
Without much luck he moved his cock reached down inserting two fingers in her ass. Pam moaned louder as he looked like he was trying to expand her anal opening. She moaned as she rose up and down a few times showing everybody her enlarged hole had room to spare. Pam said, "oh yes, just what I like. Yeah, I think there might be room for one more."
Bob grasped the shaft of his cock with both hands and a grit of his teeth as he forced his cock alongside the cock already filling her ass. He struggled with his cock pressed firmly against her amber crevice with Ruben's pole blocking the opening. Bob started yelling "fuck... Oh fuck" and kept pushing his cock in when he felt Ruben pulling out.
My wife gasped loudly "Oh Christ yes" as the immense head of Bob's cock plopped into her ass. She placed her hand on his thigh and just moaned "slow."
Bob was enjoying the view; standing over her tiny body with his cock head fully sheathed inside her sphincter next to Ruben's. The guys in the room were transfixed as they watched my wife's ass getting stretched obscenely.
Pam must have been enjoying it because she told them both "use me please, use me now."
Bob did not have to be told twice as he started grunting, pushing his cock into her back side. Bob shifted her body slightly so that he was better positioned to put his meat deep inside my wife's ass. With my wife sandwiched between them l watched as they slowly worked up a rhythm. As one massive cock would thrust in the other was coming out and then opposite again.
Pam was screaming for them to "fuck me harder". Bob grinned and pulled his cock almost all the way out and stop, making her beg him to fuck her. I watched my wife's body become taut as she was getting close to orgasm. Both guys began to frantically fuck her ass. She could only hold on and grunt as the two cocks slammed into her like pile drivers.
My wife's body started shaking uncontrollably with orgasm after orgasm as Bob suddenly announced he was going to cum. He shoved his cock fully inside her bowels, shaking violently as he buried himself in my wife's bowels. His body continued shaking as he shot spurt after spurt of hot sperm into my wife's convulsing body. Bob came for nearly a full minute before finally collapsing upon my wife's body with his cock still embedded in her ass.
Ruben was close too as it looked like he was trying to lift both of their bodies as he was screaming "oh fuck Pam, I going fill your ass too!" His body jerked as he added his sperm to her back hole. The three of them laid as one for several minutes until my wife gasped as Bob got up removing his cock. Ruben's cock slipped out and a stream of white fluid ran out of her gaping ass.
Pam was woozy and barely able to stand but she could see several guys still stroking their cocks. She was unsteady on my feet and appeared to slow things down. She reached down to grab her cloths but she stumbled. Before she could fall all four boys caught her to hold her up, Corey just said "please Ms. *****" looking into her eyes. Then all the boys chimed in "please, please" looking like puppies begging for a meal.
My wife couldn't help but smile at the sad faces and the boys took this as approval to guide hands on her upper back and instantly press her chest to the floor. Corey pulled her ass into the air as he straddled her thighs proclaiming "mommy ready for my pee-pee in her dirty hole?"
Pam hissed back "oh baby, do mommy good" when his cock slammed into her ass. He lasted no more than a dozen strokes before he pulled out and shot his load up my wife's back. As soon as he left, Zach took his place. He fucked her harder than Corey, but like the one before him, he didn't last long. He barely managed to pull out before Cumming, dumping his load between her ass cheeks.
Robert quickly moved into position and rammed his cock balls deep into her ass in one violent thrust. Pam whined as he was shooting hot cum into her ass without even pumping. As quick as he left as Zach plunged his cock into her ass. My wife raised her head enough to see that the crowd of stiff cocks had faded, leaving only a few more guys. Zach wasn't gentle, using her for his quick release causing Pam to growl.
Pam look back and said "Philippe finish me one more time, please!" He had Jorge crawl under her to slide into her cunt. He quickly moved behind Pam and filled her ass. Pam got on her hands and knees and quickly started ramming against the two cocks in her lower holes. The boys must have started and it looked like she needed to finish.
She slammed against the two guys yelling "fuck me" but didn't give them the chance. She thrashed against the two cocks for several minutes like she was trying to hurt them and squealed like an animal as her arms gave way, her whole body shaking violently to climax.
My wife looked out of it as Philippe and Jorge pounded her holes to finish. She lay still, only letting out several small whimpers as the two guys were destroying her orifices to get relief. Philippe came first filling her ass and Jorge rolled her over, put her legs to his shoulders aiming his cock at her back door. He was relentless; he broke out in a full sweat pounding her ass for nearly five minutes trying to get one last nut.
Jorge announced "oh fuck I gotta cum Pam" as he grabbed her hips and started pounding harder. He grit his teeth and started grunting struggling to get release. "Oh God... augh... augh... Oh God" he chanted.
Pam looked up at him a dizzy smile saying "God can't help you now" and seem to zone out.
The group started laughing except for Jorge, he kept up the pace pulling her legs on his shoulders. He was using her body like a rag doll, abusing her ass only for his animal needs. Jorge was swearing loudly "Fuck Pam, fuck Pam, I need to fill your ass" sweating profusely from the physical labor. "Oh shit here it cums Pam" at the same time as his body started convulsing, his ass clinched as he pumping one more load in her ass.
What had now become normal for Carl's events he thanked Pam for her "acquiescence" to "satiate" everyone at the picnic while under the pretense of comfort. His illusion fumbling for words was broken when he said "can I have one more go before we call it a day?" My wife seemed to weary to object; acknowledging his request without saying a word.
Pam crossed her arms resting her head as she turned stayed lying on her stomach. Carl nudged her legs together as he mounted he like a jockey. Hunched over her behind Carl played with her ass, spreading her cheeks to expose her gooey bull's eye. He nestled his cock between her cheeks to lube his member before abruptly burying his entire shaft up her ass.
Carl was brutal as he voiced "you are such a beautiful fucking cum dumpster." He was riding her so fast if he would have had a crop he would have looked like he was trying to win the Kentucky Derby. "Oh fuck Pam, I'm almost there" he added as he got even more vocal. "Shit, I'm gonna fill your back hole you slut" as his movements got unsteady. His body contracted adding "here it is bitch, oooohhh shit I'm filling your ass Pam" as he grimaced and his ass clinched with each spurt into my wife's bowels.
Carl laid on my wife's back panting for breath and noted "God damn Pam you're the best I've ever had." Pam looked wiped out but still turned her head and managed a devious smile. Although there were still a couple of guys jerking their cocks like they wanted another turn, Carl helped me situate her to leave and handed her an envelope for her "assistance" with office morale.