Copyright PennameWombat June 2019
The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
This is part 2 of "Chronicle: Mel and Chris," which began in "Chronicle" Mel & Chris." This series is a sequel to the "Mel's Phone Call" trilogy.
If you haven't read them I hope you'll be interested in Chris and Mel's 'origin story' in the trilogy that begin in "Mel's Phone Call" and continued in "Mel's Phone Call, Part 2" and "Mel's Phone Call, Part 3," all in 'Exhibitionist & Voyeur Stories.' Our core cast of characters were introduced in there. New characters have arrived and we'll likely see characters we've met elsewhere come onto the scene.
Tags: Anal Sex, 18-year-old, College, Cunnilingus, Exhibitionist, Fellatio, FFM, Girl-girl, Public Sex, Vibrator
*****
Invitations
"Not the loudest welcome home I've had," Mel pouted as she walked into their room, her work heels made soft clicks in the carpet. Chris pushed 'enter' on the VT-220 terminal that Roger O'Dell had arranged for him and Mel to borrow to send the email as he turned his head. Mel leaned over and held his cheeks and kissed him.
"I swear," she said as she stood, "if that terminal took it up the ass I'd be out of here in an instant!"
It wasn't a computer but it and the modem allowed him to hook into his account on the TOPS-20 system to run their orbital simulations and more importantly to Roger, 'manage' the still-heavy flows of email and USENET posting they'd triggered by posting the orbital information of two "invisible" satellites, the Caldicott-Bajevic Anomalies they'd been dubbed by the pros at Mount Mallomar.
"No, no," he replied, "it doesn't swallow..."
He got tongue from a distance.
"There's a phone message for you, on the bed," Chris said as he heard the soft trill of Mel's skirt zipper. He rotated his chair fully and watched her lower the skirt and slip off to lay them on the bed, long, stocking-covered legs with her heels still on, the top quarters of her thighs and ass bare to the square hem of her blouse.
She picked up the paper and he saw her head tilt as she read it before she turned.
"Who's Dr. Gainsborough? He wants me to call his office?" Mel's confusion at the message.
"Physics professor," Chris said, "who wants one Melanie Caldicott to call his office to set up a meeting. Guess he heard about your exploits. His secretary's name is there. She can work out an appointment."
"'Next week will be fine,' it says," Mel read as her smile broadened and she began to bounce her heels off the floor, "shit! Cool! I'll call tomorrow. The permanent office manager is back tomorrow for a couple of days with Angie, I'll make sure Angie tells her to trust me for a few hours."
"You think that's cool, you need to come see this too," he nodded toward the monitor, "on the computer."
Paper still in hand she walked over and put her naked ass on his lap instead of in the second chair, her skin warm where it met the bare flesh of his thighs below his running shorts. She put her right arm around his shoulders to clasp her hands around him.
"Just a sec," he said as he reached around her to the keyboard and navigated back to the original email, "here."
He watched her eyes widen and her mouth form into an 'O' as she ingested the words, she looked at him after she finished, then she read it again.
"Mount fucking Mallomar," Mel said in staccato as she stared at the screen, "Mount fucking Mallomar wants us to come and do a press conference with them."
"Helen and Shelly said they might leave September 5th," Chris said, "well, we will be. About 12 hours drive to get there that night."
"They'll pay for a couple hotel nights," Mel read, "and want to do the conference on Friday the 6th..."
"Shall I tell them no, sweet demon?"
"Only if you want to me to go all demon on your ass..."
"Good. I already replied. Said we're fine with one hotel room with a king size bed, whirlpool bath, balcony and a bowl full of only red Emms. Figure we can go to Castleland on the Saturday, it's just up the road in Anaheim, you said once you've never been and neither have I. Drive home Sunday, back for work on Monday."
She tightened her arms around him and kissed his neck and cheek and moved toward his mouth.
"Oh, and I also wrote 'for the love of god if there is so much as a single brown Emms in the bowl I don't want to put into words what she'll do to me.'"
"Damned right on that," she growled, "if even one..."
"And if you don't stop doing your pogo on my cock," Chris whispered as she bounced on his lap, "I'm not going to have blood in my legs to run."
"We'll run later," she whispered as she bit at his ear and ground her ass against the cock that demanded freedom.
Detritus
With only one weekend before the big Labor Day tournament Chris was preoccupied as he pulled his soccer boots out of his bag. That meant he didn't react when a couple of teammates with a view behind him went silent and loose jawed before his shoulders were grabbed and he was pushed onto his back, he had a momentary view of high heels, long, firm legs covered in black silk to mid-thigh, bare flesh meeting black, closely-trimmed pubic hair before the view disappeared as the legs shifted, bent at the knees and he faced a beaming, no, a glowing Mel over him as she bent and pressed her upside down mouth on his, his only vision before closing his eyes a wall of loose, black hair.
"Bajevic!!" He heard a loud, gruff voice with a British accent softened by two decades and a bit in America, "you're going to need your energy for more important things!"
Chris opened his eyes as Mel's torso lifted, he saw a broad, demonic smile without a hint of apology to it.
"Sorry, Coach Wallace," she said, her smile unwavering,"I know he's been slacking off, just trying to pep him up."
Chris knew her mood had to be from her meeting with Dr. Gainsborough. She had on a slinky knee-length skirt with a slit that as she knelt exposed the top of one stocking and an inch of skin. Her short-sleeved blouse was also form fitting and showed off her bust to good effect but with only the barest cleavage, the merest outline of her bra visible through the cloth as strong, late-afternoon sunlight hit her blouse. But it was her hair, again brushed and corralled into an over-the-right eye sweep that showed off her beaming face. Eye shadow, mascara, a touch of blush, made her every bit the equal of Carole the succubus in his eyes and his teammates apparently agreed.
"Sorry, Coach," Chris said, tried to put that completely out of his mind, to widespread laughs and good-natured jeers from everyone as he finished tying his bootlaces.
"Coach," Mel asked as she stood and walked to the flat grass and stopped near the Englishman, "so you guys aren't varsity, it's a club setup?"
"All right, let's go, two laps then sprint to the far side and line up," Coach Wallace yelled, a wink at Mel and he shouted, "Bajevic, three laps! Move it!"
"Aye, missy," he said, "the Uni gives the men a few hundred and same to the women, we both play in the local leagues here, that pays the league fees and gets us some uniforms. Like rugby and lacrosse. Most of the other premier soccer teams we play against are generally older guys from other countries so it means my guys need to work their arses off. We might do another spring break trip next year, some of these guys hope they find their own demons."
The players ran past where he and Mel stood, her soft smile acknowledged his implied compliment.
"Bajevic! Move it, you got an extra lap to run! And since we have to have three-quarters of the players be Uni students or employees, sometimes we lose our good guys when they graduate. They end up playing against us!"
"But no travelling around the country every weekend," Mel mused, Coach Wallace nodded, "ok, thanks. Maybe I'll sign up for one of your medieval literature courses winter quarter, Professor."
"My other life," he laughed, "of the mind. Please do. I fear such erudition would be lost on your boy-o though."
"It would be," she laughed back as she touched his shoulder and walked toward the parking lot, "he has his charms, just not for that!"
Two hours later Chris stood open mouthed as his sweat rapidly dried, but better off than a number of his teammates who were flat or groaned with their hands on their knees.
"Hey, lame-o," Chris heard from the parking lot, "move it, I'm hungry."
"Better hurry, boy-o," Coach Wallace said to him with a chuckle, sweaty himself with his participation in plenty of the drills, still trim and fit despite his considerable sprinkle of grey hairs, "she's got something up her sleeve tonight."
"Guess I'll find out, coach, see you Thursday," they nodded at each other and Chris hefted his bag and his helmet.
"Drop the bike off at the house," Mel directed him, the car was parked next to the motorcycle lot, somehow most of the buttons of her blouse had fallen open, "we're going to that burrito place. I'm driving so we get there and back alive."
"Naugles?" He put his soccer bag into the back seat to save time lashing it to the motorcycle seat.
"Yeah, they have ice cream, too," the demonic grin as the car door closed. He hurried to put his helmet on and follow as she sped out of the lot.
A short while later they carried their burritos and chocolate malts into a difficult to find cul-de-sac in Bonneville Glen, the semi-tamed natural area near their house that surrounded a mountain stream to keep the rampant dense suburbia at bay. The spot was surrounded on three sides by a mortared rock wall backed by thick trees, the fourth side had the entrance and a solid hedge of evergreens hid it from any but determined searchers.
Over the western wall the sun dipped and the sky grew red, the only break in the trees offered an overlook of the lightly-flowing late summer stream that fell over rock falls and a view to the lower parking lot along 15th East but only people knowing exactly where to look could see the opening.
"Fuckers," Mel said, Chris turned as he set the bag with the burritos and his malt on the table. He saw a crumpled fast food bag stuck in a tree to the left of the entrance.
"Here," she handed him her malt as she walked quickly to the wall and stood on her toes and stretched to grab the bag, as she grabbed it she looked down, "hey, come get this bag."
He did as asked and took the bag, she used the wall as a fulcrum with her stomach and he saw her reach down.
"Got it," she rotated back, pushed herself off of the wall, "here."
She held an obviously long-discarded Coke can, paint faded evenly with no sun bleached side, hidden here as it was. As she rotated it they saw what looked like a black, charred slit, the edges of it bent very slightly outward.
"Weird, someone burn this?" Chris said as they looked over the can, they shrugged, "we'll take all this out with our stuff. Assholes. There are bins all over the place..."
"I'm really impressed how well you walk in those heels," Chris said a bit later as he finished his burrito and sucked up a bit of now mostly-liquid malt, "thought those were for vacuuming?"
"Special occasion," Mel explained, "couple of the lawyers gave me some appreciative looks. It's ok here, these paths are all paved now."
"Ok," Chris said, "what happened with Professor Gainsborough?"
"Nothing, nothing at all," Mel deadpanned as she chewed the last of her burrito and stared forward, her right leg crossed over her left and her swinging foot and and bounding butt proved her calmness faked.
"Out with it," Chris nudged her, "usually it's just your ass doing the pogo thing, but your foot is kicking me too. Speak."
"He had printouts of our stuff," she said excitedly, "we went over it thoroughly. He was impressed with your stuff too. That's why I was still on campus, we went for over two hours! He handles astrophysics, says not too many people been focusing on it lately. I think I gave him reason to continue teaching."
"Impressive," he said, "and thanks for mentioning my minor role. Did he know you weren't wearing underwear?"
"Subject didn't come up, but I think he appreciated my 'old school' look," she kissed his cheek, took his right in both of hers, "he was older, short, trimmed hair, didn't look like Einstein at all. Least I could do was to mention your minor assistance, he went over my schedule and said if I make it through fall quarter he'll get me in some accelerated courses and use me as a tutor. He said CompSci nerds always need babysitting in physics."
"Anyway," Chris snorted, "Dave emailed me Dr. Carlstrom might have an 'offer' for some sort of project work this fall... We might never see each other again once school starts...'specially with you in the dorm..."
"I never expected to see you again. Your call was the best surprise of my life. All I wanted to do was show you the lights of the city from up the hill," Chris said softly, "then take you home and fuck your brains out."
She leaned into him with a soft 'uh huh,' her grip still tight.
"And then, being I'm Black Cloud, I caused a freaking alien satellite to plummet to earth in a fiery streak just to impress you. Where you could see it and know it for what it was. Anywhere else, we wouldn't have known shit."
"All because you wanted to impress a naive, virginal North Dakota girl so you could stick your prick up her ass like the pervert you are... Didn't know what you were getting into."
They turned and kissed softly.
"Virginal?" Chris smiled. She smiled back then kissed him much harder. He returned the sentiment as the red sky darkened to its moonless black. He undid one more button and released the slightly strained cloth and worked his fingers along the flesh at the edge of her bra.
"You smell like you've been working out or something," she said among puffs of breath as she lifted her chin so he could kiss around her neck and down her chest, "but you were just playing soccer. You sneak away to do some exercise?"
He undid the remaining buttons of her blouse above her waistband then worked his hand around her back as she put her arms around his neck and pulled them together. He found the top of her skirt's zipper and worked it down.
"You have a plan," she growled, "or just want me to walk home naked?"
"Keep the stockings and shoes on," Chris directed, "but lose the skirt and sit on the table."
She met his lips again as she stood to allow him to push the zipper down with one hand and hold the waistband of the skirt with the other, he lowered the skirt and held it as she stood. She stepped out of the skirt and took it out of his hands and laid it on the table behind her.
"Take your shirt off," she directed as she reached for the bottom of it, he put his hands up and she lifted his shirt off and laid it on the edge of the table and sat on it to straddle him, "it's stinky as hell already, bit more won't hurt."
Chris rubbed his cheek up the inside of her left thigh from just above the knee, felt the silky cloth against his cheek. He turned and kissed from the top of the stocking and slowly moved toward her bare crotch. She reached around her back and unclasped her bra then slipped the straps out of her armholes and tossed it on top of her skirt. She licked her fingers and massaged her nipples to coax them as they met the slowly cooling air.
Chris worked his way to her closely trimmed pubic hair and used his tongue and lips to kiss down one pussy lip, across her perineum and up the opposite side, pushed his tongue along the folds of her vulva every so often to taste the growing moisture as she purred softly and rubbed her silken calves on his bare back and played with her nipples.
He moved to the bottom of her slit and worked his tongue deep as he moved upward, she pushed her crotch forward as she tried to push her hungry clit into his mouth but he kept himself just out of reach without leaving her body.
"Asshole," she hissed, his finger slid into her body as she pushed forward, she stopped and a second finger joined it as he continued to avoid direct pressure on her clit. His fingers found the firm bubble of flesh at the top of the inside of her cunt, pressed firmly as his mouth pulled first one then the other lip, rubbed his tongue along the flesh each time.
He felt her pussy muscles contract as his fingers worked at her most sensitive spot, she ground her hips around and at him.
"Fucker...," she hissed softly again as he still avoided her now desperate clit, despite that his attentions pulled a steady flow of juice from her, past her ass and onto his chin and t-shirt, "it's there for a reason..."
He pressed his fingers harder to draw a wordless groan and a slight gush from her, he lifted his head slightly to see her flat on the table, fingers pinched both nipples as her breath sped. Without warning he dove in to suck her engorged clit into his mouth, surrounded it and pushed his tongue hard onto it as his fingers pushed and rubbed inside of her.
"Of, aahh, argh... fuck!" She jerked her crotch at him twice as he sucked her clit hard and pumped his fingers in and out of her, "shit! Yeah!"
A gush of cum soaked everything in its path as she bucked her hips hard once, then two more times with slower movements on each, she let out a held breath and released her nipples to wrap and pull his head up as she sat up, lifted him to kiss and lick her juices off of his face before she pushed her tongue into his mouth as deeply as she could get it. He slid his arms under her shirt and around her bare back.
She reached down and untied his soccer shorts and slid her hand inside of those and his jock to caress his hard, confined cock.
"This way," he sidled to his left and she kept her legs around him, used her arms to move her upper body and Chris's shirt until he turned to face the end of the table, she spun.
"Ya know," Chris whispered into an ear as he nibbled on it and slid his hips to and fro, "this blouse covers enough. Don't think you'll need to put your skirt back on to walk home. It'll be dark before we finish. And you're rather gooey."
She pushed his shorts and jock down, he shook his legs until they fell. She stroked his stiff prick, pulled him and slid it between her soaked and swollen pussy lips. He kneaded her nipples and leaned in and kissed her. She slathered more of her juice with one hand on his hard flesh, used the other to push it down and fingered her own back opening. He pulled back and adjusted his stance, she guided the intruder to nestle its head at her ready ring. He broke the kiss and pulled back, they watched each other's faces as he slowly pushed himself into her bowel, her tongue licked her lips as he went deeper.
"No wonder Jess dumped you," Mel's raspy husk caused the flesh pushed into her body to twitch.
"I think her regular response became, 'no way, you sick fuck,'" Chris whispered before he kissed Mel again. Her response purred as he pulled his groin back before he pushed forward again.
"Yes way, you sick fuck,"she said softly, their mouths an inch apart.
The Arrival
"What time is it?" Mel asked, her ass doing its pogo on the little front porch, her voice nervy.
"Two minutes later past nine pm then the last time you asked," Chris said as he sat beside her and pried the fingers around his right arm loose to return blood circulation to his hand, "should be close, they called from Little America about two hours ago. Unless they got lost. Eaten by cannibals in Evanston or something."
He wasn't used to seeing Mel nervous but wasn't sure if it was more about her mother or Shelly. He knew she loved both of them but she and her mother had a strange relationship in his mind. He was curious to see it up close, at least on his turf for now before Christmas. He pried the fingers looser once again.
A silver Chevy pickup truck with a matching shell on it rolled to a stop along the curb in front of the house, a spot they'd left open in anticipation. Mel jumped up and ran as a door slammed, apparently the passenger door as the dark-haired driver was still seated. Chris saw a blonde streak come around the back of the truck to collide with the onrushing Mel, the smaller Shelly's feet lifted off of the ground as Mel spun her around in a complete circle, both of them squealed.
Chris walked slowly toward the entwined friends but paused when Helen stepped out of the truck and put her hands on her hips and arched her back. Her wavy hair dark brown instead of her daughter's black, but otherwise a close match including its length to the bottoms of her shoulder blades. The number of open buttons on her snug, short-sleeved blouse showed where Mel had learned how to wear her shirts but the fit and firm cleavage on view meant the younger woman might have some growing to do in that department. Both mother and daughter had denim shorts on, the older woman's a third of the way down her thighs while Mel's as usual had almost no inseam.
"So you're Chris," Helen said as she walked up and hugged him, her height an inch shorter than her daughter, he hugged back but then she nudged his head and kissed him on the lips with growing force as she pried his lips apart. Once her tongue had forced its way into his mouth she backed off and Chris knew where Mel had learned her most demonic smile. Mel and Shelly were still clenched when they released.
"It's good you made it, Mrs. Caldicott...,"
"Stop that," she said as she held her crotch against his, their faces slightly separated, "she's not Melanie and I'm not Mrs. Caldicott, I'm Helen. And that goes for all of you too."
Terry, Teresa and Sam were all smiles as they stood on the front porch and watched the scene, they nodded and gave a group 'ok.' Chris had heard her voice on the phone but in person she and Mel sounded even more alike. They weren't twins but the genetic heritage was obvious, the addition of short lines around her eyes and slightly more flesh made for a softer but no less attractive face.
"Everyone," Mel's voice loud and excited, "this is Shelly."
The two stood side by side, the top of Shelly's head just above the top of Mel's shoulder, her hair long, blonde and straight, her face beamed.
"That's Terry, his twin Teresa and the cute redhead we have no idea. We sent her into the mountains to count deer but she somehow made it back!"
Sam's tongue was clearly meant for Mel as Shelly laughed.
"You're Sam," Shelly said in her broad, North Dakota Scandinavian accent, "Mel's sent me pictures of all of you."
"Oh," Mel added, "and Chris is over there, who my mother is already failing to seduce."
Shelly released herself from Mel's grip and pried Chris away from Helen and they hugged, she kissed him on the cheek.
"Of course I remember him," Shelly smiled shyly and nudged her hip against his crotch, his cock had hesitated but was now at full attention, then she put her mouth to his ear as she rubbed his cock, "I've loved the pictures, bring back such nice memories."
She kissed him again.
"Ok, ground rules," Mel said as she slipped her arm around Chris's waist, Shelly at his other side, "this one is my boyfriend. Unless someone wants to lose a hand they'll be keeping them off of him. That clear? That goes for you too, Teresa!"
The sandy haired woman snorted at that.
"Well," said Helen, "if you were properly taking care of him he'd not be interested!"
"Um," Chris interjected, "how about we get what we need out of the truck and we all go inside? We've got drinks and if you're hungry we have sandwich stuff, whatever."
"Toilet," Shelly said, "that would be nice."
Chris looked over at the blonde girl, her shorts between Mel's and Helen's in length, her exposed legs and arms showed the slightest carefully measured tan, better tended than Sam's slightly rough color from her weeks counting deer in the wilds, the two worked from the same base. The slight swell of Shelly's chest exposed by her tight, peach-coloured scoop-necked t-shirt showed him that the thin girl he'd shared with Mel barely six months previously had become a beauty, her breasts, though still small, were rounder than they were in Mexico and clearly limned by her choice of bra.
Helen unlocked the truck's shell, they decided to unload Mel's stuff in the morning so they collected the travelers' suitcases, relocked the shell and went inside. The older woman volunteered to take the small room on the main floor where they'd put the futon they'd borrowed from Sam, saying Shelly and Mel would probably just talk all night so could have the fold-out bed upstairs.
"So where's this place for lunch tomorrow," Shelly asked as she sat next to Mel on the sofa, Chris the other side of the demon and the others in chairs around the room, "you been keeping it secret forever."
"Sorry," Mel said firmly, "not telling. Chris is banned by the owner because it's a classy place but we'll go. It's a big surprise."
The room was dark when a mostly-asleep Chris felt a body next to him then lips on his neck as fingers coaxed his shaft awake more quickly than his brain managed, the fingers were moist and slightly cool as they stroked his hardening flesh.
"Hey, lover," a raspy husk of a whisper, "I played with Shelly, I'm sorry I left you out."
She pushed his mouth open with hers, his subconscious retrieved the memory of Shelly's taste from Mel's tongue to pull him awake. She moved along his neck and cheek, nibbled on his ear, kissed his lips again. He rubbed her back and felt the sweat.
"But you know how it is for now. So I owe you this for letting us go."
She kissed her way back down his chest as her hand stroked his fully-awake prick, biting first one nipple then the other before his firm abs. Her tongue pressed against the slightly yielding flesh of his glans as its tip found the hole and the flesh at the bottom edge of the head. Her lips followed as they moved tightly over the head to find the shaft, her cheeks sucked in to squeeze the quivering end. She sucked more of him into her mouth as one of his hands rubbed her sweaty back, her skin grown hot, his other hand tangled in her hair as he urged her to take him even deeper.
She did. He moaned as he felt her nudge his crotch with her cheek, her hair tickled the tops of his thighs as for the first time she worked his entire length into her throat. He felt a wave of pressure as she held her position for a count of three before she slowly pulled back, her fingertips kneaded his balls. He heard her breathe through her nose as she backed off, swirled her tongue around the tip of his prick with her lips just below it. She adjusted her hand to find the bottom of his shaft as she pushed her mouth down but rather than going all the way again she stopped just past halfway then pulled back, gained speed with each stroke.
"Ah, babe," Chris groaned, "suck. Umm. Oh, fuck!"
Mel's mouth sucked hard on Chris's cock as his breathing went more ragged, he pumped his hips in unison with her movements as his cock hardened even more. She grunted at him as she sucked to encourage him. He lost track of time as the enthusiasm of her sucking went beyond most anything he'd felt before, his cock finally stretched to its utmost.
"Oh, ahh...," was his less than eloquent warning as his prick let loose with a stream of cum, Mel's throat audibly swallowed that and the subsequent shots that Chris began to think would never end as he arched his back and his mouth opened wide.
He collapsed into a sweaty heap as Mel slowly released his cock and held the last of his massive load. She snuggled against him, put her mouth on his to share what she'd preserved.
"I half expected I'd have to chase my mother out of here," Mel whispered after their mouths parted, Chris wrapped his arm around her shoulders and kissed her forehead.
"Saved it all for my demon," he kissed her again as they both fell asleep.
The Broiler
"It's a wonder what I do for my little girl," Helen said from the back seat as Chris drove and Mel half-turned with a friendly but doubtful expression, "agreeing to ride in THIS back seat after the, um, activities that have taken place here."
"It's been well-cleaned since Jess was back there," Mel said firmly.
"You mean that lovely waitress we met at lunch at Shelley's? She seemed so nice. Nothing to worry about her, it's more recent activities...ugh..."
Mel's laughing exhale made Chris smile a bit.
"She is," Mel offered as she put her hand on Chris's shoulder, "too nice for the likes of this one!"
Helen's imitation of Mel's sound provided Chris one more puzzle piece about why Mel was here. The two women seemed to love each other but they were also so much alike that each one's rough edges would hit the other's. But nicely enough for him he did admire their efforts to outdo who could show the most cleavage without actually going topless, Helen's breasts were certainly larger and he admired their shared love of bras that emphasised both sets. He did feel slightly guilty in wondering if Helen's nipples were as prominent as her daughter's. The mother had conceded skirt length, Mel's mini just covered the tops of her stockings, Helen's knee length skirt snug to show an ass broader than Mel's. He knew Mel's answer but his guilty feeling was enhanced by wanting to know if her mother had also skipped underwear.
He shook the thoughts out of his mind as he drove before he decided to change the conversation.
"I still can't believe," he said keeping his eyes forward as he drove, "that you let Shelly get into a car with a known ax-murderer. And, we expect to see her again?"
"He's your friend," Mel said, "you'd know about doing away with lovers."
"She isn't...," he started.
"That would be that poor Kelly," Helen added from the back seat, "I want to try that vibrator."
"Moving on, that you got Frank to show up at Shelley's for Friday lunch boggles my mind," said Chris, "he'd just laugh at me."
"I made it worth his time," Mel said, doing Kathleen Turner again, Helen chuckled in the back seat.
A short while later the trio met up with the quartet who'd come in Terry's car, him, Pam, Teresa and Sam, the whole party more sedately attired in jeans and without the cleavage battle. As they'd waited for the maitre'd to seat them Chris had seen an unusual expression on his friend Frank as he escorted a widely beaming Shelly, her head just level with his shoulder. He had his work clothes on for his usual stint in the Village Cafe's kitchen but it was his face and his bearing Chris couldn't quite read..
"Sheeit...," he heard Mel say softly, Helen and the quartet oblivious for the moment.
They weren't arm in arm, Chris saw, but they touched lightly and he finally figured it out. Frank looked, frankly speaking, happy. He smiled without reservation. Chris sometimes thought him a tad morose and joy was new. When they saw their audience both faces went slack and dull.
"Hey, you two," said Mel as she stepped forward, "have fun?"
"Oh, it was ok," Shelly deadpanned as best she could, the corners of her mouth fought to stay level.
"Major shrug," Frank more practiced at it, his face hangdog, the eyes behind his glasses depths of despair, "maybe better tomorrow."
They turned to each other and the facades dropped as Frank bent his head and Shelly looked up, their lips met softly and their hands just contacted the other's arms. Then they separated. Paired despair again.
"Gotta run, tomorrow?" Frank's last word meant only for Shelly.
Her smile and slight nod all that was needed. He waved as he turned, Chris and Mel waved back, the rest still not aware. Shelly and Mel took a step each and took each other's hands.
"So what'd you guys do?"
"Talked. Drove. Walked. Went to his place so he could get changed, his parents are nice."
They hugged quickly, the rest of their party finally noticing as the maître'd arrived to seat them at the same time. Helen opened her arms and Shelly walked to her.
"My little girl's all grown up," Mel said softly into Chris's ear as she slipped her arm into his and they followed.
A Perfectly Embossed Figure
Sam
"It's not even 9 am on a Saturday and we're at Riverside Park," Teresa grumped, but with a hidden smile, "why exactly?"
"To support our good friend Chris in his soccer endeavors," Sam said as she caressed her girlfriend's back, "and because those three made too much noise to sleep through!"
Those three being the North Dakota visitors and the demon, lungs being prepped for the game.
"Why does Chris's teammate have a boombox?"
"Good question. I came to some of Chris's games last season, never had one..."
It was about 10 minutes before kickoff and Coach Wallace had given the team their lineup and instructions and stepped away. Chris had described this tournament as 'premier amateur,' there being no pro leagues anymore.
"These other teams are all older, stronger, more experienced than our team," he'd said at dinner, "it'll be a challenge. But we have our secrets."
Sam assumed that the boombox was part of that.
The team joined in a tight circle and the tall, strong forward Ben counted "one, two, three..."
"Did they just chant 'buttfuck'?" Teresa said, her mouth open in a shocked smile. It wasn't loud but Mel's giant grin made clear they had. Teresa's next statement was drowned out as a chorded guitar progression blared from the boombox. Sam watched Helen's face break into as broad a grin as her daughter had at the mention of a 'club down in old Soho.'
"Do they know this song's about a transvestite?" Teresa asked Sam.
"Chris does," she answered, "he's got this and that Lou Reed song about Holly and Candy."
"No wonder Mel's voice drives him nuts...," Teresa laughed, "your ex has his quirks!"
Ten minutes into Chris's second game on Saturday Sam saw Shelly's smile go broad, and then her face blanked again in seconds. Teresa had left for a family thing after the first game but had said if Sam wanted to stay here that'd be a fine idea. She'd taken the hint, they chose their battles carefully. Teresa's parents may have been accepting but her lover was part of a large clan with plenty like her own parents.
Now she followed the blonde's eyes and saw Frank, like Shelly wearing shorts and a short-sleeve polo, the blonde had added a broad hat as she stood alongside the soccer field in the still hot late summer sun the last day of August. Like Shelly she saw Frank's face flash before it fell into that mutual deadpan that had already become their trademark and fooled no one. She heard Helen scream at Chris to 'cream him' and Mel tried to look disinterested but failed. Although like each other in so many ways one big difference obvious to Sam was Helen's open sandals.
Sam used her peripheral vision to see Frank and Shelly kiss quickly but deeply, she smiled, as again of dour mien they approached Sam and the Caldicotts.
"Hey, Frank," Sam said, he nodded to her, Mel and Helen turned to greet him as well.
"How's the putz doing out there," Frank said, "losing as usual?"
"They won their first game, I'll have you know," Helen said, "but Denver here looks better than that last team they played."
"We went to high school four years, he played varsity three, they won total of five games," Frank shrugged, his and Shelly's arms and hands lightly touching.
"I've seen your high school," Mel sniffed, "almost as shitty as mine! Not surprised. How about your hockey team?"
"Made playoffs senior year, but everyone did," Frank laughed, "lost first round."
"So did you actually go into the mountains to count deer?" Shelly asked Sam.
"Yup, each year a bunch of biology students work with the state Department of Wildlife, take surveys, look for health issues, so they know how many permits to allow for deer hunting in the fall. Lots of hiking. And studying deer poop!"
Shelly's tongue and scrunched eyes told Sam she wasn't a likely biology recruit.
Helen yelled more encouragement at Chris and his team, Mel added her bit occasionally. No one bothered to use the folding chairs they'd brought.
Sam watched as Chris nodded at Frank and had the gesture returned as the team came off at halftime still in a scoreless game, Coach Wallace's soft accent a controlled rant that laid out their second half while everyone sucked down water and chewed on orange halves handed out by Mel and Helen, the latter had adopted shorts every bit as short as Mel's usual, Sam hoped her own ass held up that well over the next two decades.
"Kick their asses," Helen shouted as the whistle started the second half.
Ten minutes left in the scoreless game the Denver striker hit the hardest shot of his life from just outside of the Uni's penalty box, a shot that would've ripped the net off of the goal. But it never got there.
Sam watched the ball bounce thirty or forty yards and heard the 'oof' as she watched Chris rock back, he'd jumped in front of the shot and took it in the middle of his chest at point blank range. Helen's and Mel's mouths gaped as Chris wavered for a moment then he shook his head and took a deep breath. Almost everyone froze except for Chris's teammate Ben who collected the ball once it had bounced past midfield and sprinted away, the defenders reacted a step too late, their chase in vain as Ben faked the Denver goalkeeper and rolled the ball into the goal. Chris joined the group sprint to congratulate him that allowed Sam and the others to breathe easy.
At the end of the game a cheer went up all along the Uni side. The teams shook hands before Mel and a few other girlfriends trotted onto the field, Sam, Helen trailed, Frank and Shelly stayed near the chairs. Mel hugged Chris who let out an audible 'ouch' when she did, she jumped back. He looked down, grimaced, pulled his jersey off.
"Holy shit!" Mel said, Helen's "wow!" A number of other exclamations.
Sam stared with the others at the perfect stylised diamond logo embossed into Chris's solid chest, surrounded by the outlines of pentagonal and hexagonal shapes, black, blue and deep red lines already formed.
"Does it hurt?" Mel asked, Chris winced as she poked a finger in the center of the diamond.
"That's not how to treat it," Helen pushed her daughter out of the way, "he needs this."
She leaned and kissed the diamond softly but firmly, Mel shook her head, Chris smiled shyly but bit his lower lip a bit.
"C'mon, guys," Coach Wallace, "let's get out of the way and let's get some ice on that!"
"Good job," Frank said, "that was your best play of the game!"
Chris laughed, but winced.
"We're taking off," Shelly said a few minutes later, the team settled under some trees, Chris on his back with a towel under him and an ice pack on his logoed chest, he waved to her and Frank.
"Have fun," Sam said.
"We'll be right back, keep an eye on him, Sam," Mel said as she and Helen walked the couple to Frank's car, her mood seemed less light than she tried to sound. Sam nodded.
Mel had upstaged her mother by wearing not shorts but the little beige skirt Chris loved, the demon had made sure he'd had the perfect view up it just before going off with Shelly. Sam wished she'd have been brave enough to wear the same and in the same way. It would've kept Chris's mind off that wild bruise, she told herself.
The Day of Labor
Sam
Frank and Shelly walked past the kitchen window, each carried a bag of briquettes, while Sam and Teresa came in with bags of buns, chips and other fixings, at the end of whatever ongoing mother-daughter conversation had been happening.
"Well, he's fine, but I did tell him I needed to take Chris for a test drive," Helen grinned, "just to make sure you're being taken care of. But if not, what's that nice Coach Wallace's story?"
Sam saw Mel shake her head.
"How did we end up volunteering to have the post-tournament Labor Day BBQ?" Teresa said as she placed a full, brown grocery bag on the table.
"A certain redhead jabbered how nice 'our yard' is and, um," Mel hesitated, "maybe I bragged about seeing Chris cook BBQ for a hundred people on the Fourth... But the team is paying for all of this, too bad they lost the semi-final this morning!"
"Chris should be here soon," Helen said, "they wanted to watch the final."
"Well, we'll soon know who won it."
"Hey, Sam," Mel said a couple of hours later as she stepped alongside the shorter woman as they both put their paper plates into a plastic-lined bin, "please go over there and pry my mother off of Chris's poor coach. He's suffered enough this weekend!"
Sam laughed, but it caught in her throat when she saw Chris, just finished running his two charcoal grills, wince as he lifted his shirt to the admiration of a knot of his teammate's girlfriends and girlfriends of girlfriends, the diamond still visibly embossed and fine lines of red in the vast dark blue covering his entire chest. She heard Mel inhale sharply, her eyes trailed Sam's.
"I can't believe he played every minute of every game," Sam said to the taller woman, "with that..."
"They're a bit short on players, a few guys not back 'til school starts. And he's having trouble sleeping," Mel said, a serious tone Sam hadn't heard, "he rolls over and it wakes him up."
"And every time he wakes up," her tone brightened, "he's wants to fuck me!"
Sam snorted. The damage apparently hopeless but not serious then.
"Have you two, um," Sam smiled broadly, "ever had a pair of sheets last a week?"
"Not yet," Mel's smile back, her tongue between her teeth for a moment, then she looked back at Chris and sniffed, "but since I promised my mother I'd actually STAY in my dorm weeknights I need to make sure he knows what he's missing, eh. Blondes circling..."
Mel nudged her toward her mother as the demon decided that Chris had absorbed enough sympathy from a lissome blonde admirer in skimpy shorts straight out of Mel's wardrobe who traced his diamond with long fingers. Whether the too small halter top that emphasized the admirer's shapely breasts or Mel's tight midriff-baring crop top worn braless with way oversize arm holes was most complimentary was hard for Sam to decide. She licked her slightly open lips and laughed as she walked toward her assigned target.
"Hello, Sam, right?" Iain Wallace said as she approached, Helen turned too, Sam thought his smile appreciative of the greeting.
"Yup, Coach... Or, Professor Wallace?"
"Just Iain, we're not at the pitch now and not in class!"
"Is your wife coming, Iain?" Sam decided to go nuclear with her assigned mission.
"No, she's with our daughter who's expecting our first grandchild, going to be close to Christmas time for the baby!"
"Congratulations," Helen recovered and switched tack, "I despair of any with that one!"
She led their eyes toward Mel, who'd led Chris to sit at a table with the ever-dour pair of Frank and Shelly, his recent admirer's eyes followed him as well.
Chris
"We're just going to talk a while," Shelly said as she stood next to Frank, fingers just entwined, in front of the door to the upstairs rec room turned bedroom. Distant voices and laughs on the main level as Sam, Teresa and Helen finished the last of the cleanup after they'd chased the two young couples upstairs.
"Pull our other one," Chris interjected to her before Mel could, "this is the first week I've ever seen your not-boyfriend take off of work... That's going to be lots of talking."
"You sick perverts," Frank said, his lips fighting to not twitch upwards, Shelly bit her lower lip almost hard enough to draw blood to stifle her grin, "shouldn't be disrespecting us clean living types!"
"Just keep the screaming down," Mel said, "some of us need our beauty sleep."
That finally broke everyone's composure. Finally Mel mimed a push and Shelly and Frank pulled the door closed behind them. She and Chris laughed softly. She wrapped her arms around him.
"I know you can't tell," she whispered into his ear, "but sweat, smoke, you need a shower, C'mon, I'll scrub you down."
He let her lead him into the nearby bathroom and pushed the door closed quietly. She pulled his shirt off to have hers lifted off in turn. They stepped back and pushed their shoes off then watched as each pushed down their own shorts, his brief jock followed as did her panties.
"Underwear," he said softly, "I'm going to tell your mother!"
She stuck her tongue out at him. He bent over to pull his socks off as Mel opened the door to the free-standing glass-walled shower, turned on and adjusted the faucet, she pushed him in, he closed his eyes and stood with his back to the shower head, he felt a body lightly press against his, arms go around his waist. He opened his eyes.
"How is it this is the first shower we've ever taken together?" Chris asked between soft kisses, on lips, cheeks, Mel's forehead.
"You have... issues...," she answered, her voice a bit ragged. He nudged her back and bent over to pull her left nipple into his mouth, it was as usual half-erect and he felt it grow before he moved to the other one. He heard 'shit' under her breath and felt as the bottom of her foot, a bare foot, softly traced its way along the top of his foot. He kissed his way up her chest and neck to her cheek and deliberately didn't look down.
"Special occasion," she whispered, before she pulled his mouth to hers for a deep and slow kiss, she pushed his head back and put it under the spray, "now, turn around."
He did, he felt her hands put shampoo into his hair as she massaged his shaggy hair, at the moment it covered his ears and collar.
"Need a trim before we go," she said as she scrubbed, "now, rinse."
He obeyed and felt the water and suds flow down his body, soapy hands worked circles down his back until they paid special attention to his ass, rubbed hard on one firm cheek then the other.
"You have such a hot ass," her voice gone deep and raspy, "I guess soccer's good for something. And these thighs."
Hands ran soap down his hamstrings, a hand between his legs soaped up his balls, the other hand around the front to encourage his half-aroused cock to full attention.
"Easier to clean the whole thing," she growled, "if it's like this. Now, turn and rinse."
He did, the water ran down his back as two hands rubbed suds the length of his shaft and fingertips scrubbed the head. The hands left his cock and he grimaced slightly as she made contact with the bottom of his bruise, her eyes soft as she rubbed soap on his chest. He took a deep breath but relaxed as she worked her way out. He took the soap and foamed his hands then put them to her aroused nipples and worked the firm flesh of her tits, worked his way around the rest of her chest, their eyes locked.
He used firm pressure between her thighs to clean her vulva, pushed his hand down then back up, scrubbed the tuft of black hair.
"Speaking of needing a trim," he said without looking away from her eyes, she held her tongue between her lips, "now, turn around, your turn."
She closed her eyes and put her head under the water then spun and he worked the shampoo into her black mop. He massaged her scalp and worked his fingers the length of her wavy curls.
"You're better than some hairdressers I've gone to," she rasped, "didn't think you could massage hair too!"
"You've only begun to scratch the surface of my talents."
"Doesn't surprise me, you did kill Kelly after all...," a hand reached behind and found his still-erect cock and gripped it, pulled him toward her.
"Rinse," he adjusted her head and worked the shampoo out, then soaped her back and ass, deft rubs caused her to purr before he turned her to rinse. She pulled him tightly and pushed her mouth on his, only to find his tongue quicker to push its way into her mouth. They stayed that way, under the water, until a change as it turned cold before going back to temperature.
"I want to owe some ice cream," Chris whispered as he kissed along her cheek, "there's a place in Heber."
"Oh?"
"When we retrace our mountain drive with everyone tomorrow, we'll turn right, detour before Park City. Best onion rings in the state and pretty darn good ice cream."
She purred agreement for a moment then Chris turned the tap off and pushed the door open and pulled extra towels from the shelves and they wrapped each other. He swore he'd not looked away more than an instant but her ankle socks were on, a shy, soft smile on her face. He knew she had a stash of clean ones in a box under the sink but he didn't press. He just kissed her forehead.
Her smile shifted and caused his already hard cock to twitch against the towel as she led them into the hallway, her finger to her lips. She led them to the closed door of the den, they stood silently, two sets of raised eyebrows at the muffled moans, voices but not words, bodies in contact. After a few heartbeats of spying he pulled her into their room, lit by only his desk lamp and closed the door quietly, she sprinted past him and threw her towels on the bed and jumped onto it on her knees and elbows, slid the headboard open.
Chris shed his towels as he stepped quickly and steadied her hips, he pushed his rigid shaft between her legs and rubbed it backwards along her moist lips. At the bottom he found the source of her wet with his glans and pushed in, her intake of breath at his quick insertion. They pulled away from each other then pushed back just before the head of his prick left her. A dozen slow, full strokes before she reached between her legs and stopped him.
"Out," her voice deep and husky, he obeyed. She flipped herself onto her back, her hips rotated her legs up. She handed him the lube and the distinctive sound of her vibrator kicked on.
"Be generous with that, like Sam on movie night. I want it hard and fast."
He held her eyes as he followed her instructions and generously lubed up his cock, then inserted two lubricated fingers into her ass as the vibrator worked its way from her clit and into her cunt and back. She bit her lips as she pulled a pillow, put her towel on it and laid her still damp head back. He pushed just the head of his cock past her outer ring and stopped, she glared at him and pushed her hips at him. He inserted himself fully into her colon in one swift push, her mouth formed a wordless 'O' as her hips bucked slightly and pressed the vibrator home.
The glitter of their eyes, brown and black, the movements of their eyelids and cheeks made sounds beyond the hardworking vibrator's unnecessary as Chris slammed his cock with full strokes, Mel's rectal muscles pressed it tightly on each passage. Chris used his hands to caress and pull Mel's nipples to their full prodigious extents. Her breathing ragged and every third breath held, her eyes narrow black slits, then she panted rapidly three, four, five times.
"You fuc...," she rasped, her ass gripped Chris's cock like a vise, her face scrunched, her eyes closed, "aahhh..."
Chris saw a gusher of her cum, ejected from her overwhelmed pussy, hit his crotch as her hand pressed the vibrator to her unrestrained clit. She wrapped her legs around him to prevent him from moving as he held her nipples and felt a half-dozen spasms rack her body, his cock held in a prison of heat and pressure, hot cum ran down their bodies.
She spread her legs and the vibrator went silent, a single word from her mouth, her head still leaned back, "go."
His own breathing ragged as another dozen quick strokes led him to his own "aahhh," loud now in the silent room. One word in response, an order, "out."
Several things happened at once. Chris pulled his cock in a full stroke from his lover's ass as she spun to her left, her right hand on his hip nudged him sideways as she brought his cock toward her mouth. The bedroom door opened and an "oh!"
Chris wasn't sure what happened but Mel had his cock in her mouth for his first shot of cum when he realized there was a second head next to hers, a second head of dark wavy hair.
"Let me..." Mel nudged Chris's cock out of her mouth and turned him where he realized both Mel and Helen pushed his cock into the latter's mouth. He heard and felt her suck three spasms as she swallowed skilfully.
"You know where that cock just was," Mel's voice deep and raspy. Helen released his cock and looked up at him with a satisfied smile.
"Was in your mouth first," the retort, almost as raspy, "you're my daughter. That's obvious."
The two women stroked his gooey cock, lube, cum and saliva all over it. He looked from one to the other, decided that silence was the smartest choice. He noticed now Helen had nothing but a robe on, more appropriate than Mel's favorite one but fallen open. His cock twitched slightly when he saw her breasts, one size larger than Mel's, her nipples less pronounced, somewhere between Mel's and Sam's. Full and round, like Mel's, they'd conceded a bit to gravity but were clearly fighting it well. He could see a more expansive tuft of not-quite black pubic hair down her nearly flat stomach. He knew she was in her early forties, but could easily pass for his sister's just past thirty.
"Interesting timing, don't you think," Mel groused, "someone been listening outside the door?"
"Everyone has someone here," less rasp, more pout, "but me. Teresa and Sam invited me, but, well, they're girls. I don't mind, sometimes. But. I came up to borrow that magic vibrator I've heard so much about."
"It's killed before," Mel's rasp as deep as Chris had ever heard it, a near tiny, subconscious pumping of his crotch into the two hands his response, "what makes you think you can handle it?"
"If you can handle both at once," Helen's grip tightened, "no doubt I can too, child."
"He needs his rest," Mel nudged her mother's hand off of his cock, "gotta drive us around all day tomorrow. But, if you go get us a glass of ice water you can borrow it. Just it. Just clean it. Very thoroughly, after you're done. And don't even think about sneaking it out of here!"
Helen stood and leaned forward and slightly up to kiss Chris on the lips, a quick, deep open mouth kiss as she pressed her body against his cock and rubbed, the daughter let it continue for ten, then fifteen, seconds before she nudged them apart. Helen smiled down at her, then headed toward the door, pulled her robe together. She looked back and winked.
"Here," Mel said as she stood, gathered the towels and dumped them in a pile, "lay down, lover."
She kissed him softly but deeply. He felt his eyes struggle. She helped him into bed.
"I can see it in your face, you're exhausted. You should be, after your weekend. I'll be here, mom and I will probably talk a while."
"Go ahead," Chris said haltingly, "I'm done."
She put him in his side of the bed and put the blanket just over his waist.
"Keep this out of sight when she comes back," she squeezed his cock under the blanket as it finally relaxed, she kissed him, "just remember, I'm wearing my same blue tomorrow as that first time through the mountains. Let's see her top that!"
The door opened, Helen entered with a tall cup, Mel directed her to get a chair and pull it around the other side of the bed as Mel sat alongside her mother, Chris the other side of her, on his side. He faced her, his eyes fluttered. She laid a protective arm on his sweaty shoulder.
"I WAS listening," Helen said slowly, a wicked grin, "I heard you..."
"The bruise, seeing it...," Mel's voice unsteady, her emotion not quite readable with Chris's sudden fatigue, "that's as good as I've ever blown..."
"You're still learning," Helen's voice, soft and kind. Or was it a dream? Chris wasn't sure and knew nothing after that.
A Single, Brown, Hard-Shelled Candy
"So we're leaving and you two are staying," Mel said to her mother at a few minutes before seven am the Thursday after Labor Day.
"Shelly wants one more day with Frank," Helen said as she held her daughter's hands and the blonde girl stood next to the pair and smiled shyly, "and with you two gone I can get your housemates to tell me what you've REALLY been up to!"
Chris put their shared suitcase into the trunk of the car as Mel squinted at her mother then shook her head and moved from her to a tight embrace with Shelly. Helen took the couple of steps and wrapped her arms around Chris.
"Thank you for making her happy," Helen whispered in his ear, "I had the clippers honed. Razor sharp."
She nibbled his ear as he embraced her, hoped his overeager cock wouldn't get ideas.
"Take care of her down there, but," she continued softly, "I know there's nothing you, me, or the devil could do to dissuade her from something she has her mind set on doing."
"Hey," Chris said, "I started this by making the satellite crash, so I have no choice..."
"That's what she told me you did," Helen said as she smiled, "to get that talented cock of yours up her ass, right?"
Chris just stood frozen. Helen kissed him on the cheek and hugged him one last time.
"Got more than you bargained for, didn't you?" He just nodded to that.
"You two want to run inside for a quickie," Mel said with an affected growl, "or just bend her over out here?"
"He could do with a woman's touch, someone who knows how to really take care of her man," Helen answered as she shifted and stood next to Chris and put her head on his shoulder, her arms entwined with his nervously twitching left arm, "but that might spoil him for his other, current, options..."
Mel's protruding tongue and her vocal raspberry were all the comments she'd offer to that. Shelly's slight head shake as she caught Chris's eye reconfirmed to him that this was simply the latest instalment of an ongoing saga that had been in high gear for a week.
"You two do what you need to," Mel said as she walked to Chris and stuck her hand in his right, front pocket where he kept his car keys, she pushed the pocket fabric more central, "oh, sorry, but it seems you don't do it for him..."
"I think it's time for us to go," Chris tugged Mel's hand from his pocket, took back his keys and untangled his arm from Helen's grip, Shelly ran over and hugged Chris and kissed him on the cheek, then hugged Mel one more time. She went and took Helen's left arm.
"Take care, you two," Helen said, Chris saw her eyes meet Mel's, they both shared a moment of silent contemplation and their faces showed soft, slight smiles. Then Mel walked to the passenger side, opened the door and got in. Chris followed suit on the drivers side. He turned the key as Mel rolled the window down.
"Bye," she said loudly but not quite shouting and waving, "don't do anything I wouldn't do!"
Helen and Shelly waved back as Chris drove the car to the nearest intersection and turned right.
"THIS is Las Vegas," Mel said as Chris turned right onto Las Vegas Boulevard to head south again, having passed the Fremont and Four Queens casino/hotels, "not what I see on TV!"
"We just turned onto the 'Strip,'" Chris offered, "and what they always show will take a while to get to. This is the old downtown area. Emphasis on old. Besides, a half hour past noon on a random Thursday isn't prime time around here."
Mel snorted. She'd removed the old button down shirt of his she'd had on when they left in the cool air, leaving just a tight, white tank top which only managed to cover enough of her round breasts to avoid arrest along with Chris's favorite short blue skirt, comfortable for the lack of air conditioning in Chris's car.
"Married by Elvis?" Mel read the sign as a question. She went silent again, watched the collection of themed wedding chapels, budget hotels, strip malls and the like that occupied the road before the 'Strip' began.
"Here we go," Chris said, "'Circus Circus,' start of the Strip, more or less. Want to eat lunch at a casino buffet? You can't gamble, but they'll let you eat."
"No... fucking... way...," Mel said.
"Good," Chris said with a chuckle, "I have a better idea."
He continued past a few more of the casino-hotels and at Tropicana Avenue turned left away from cranes and a large complex, the newest entry nearly completed now behind them.
"That new one is the Arista, they're calling it. See that one," he pointed to his right as Mel nodded, "big fire a few years ago, some people died. They rebuilt it."
"Ouch," seemed about to cover it.
"This is new, to me at least," Mel said as Chris pulled into a fast food place with a clown head sign, but not 'the' clown.
"From California," Chris explained as he parked, "not made it even to where we live yet. I need to piss, we'll get some food and go, I have a place we can eat that isn't all asphalt and strip malls!"
"Sounds good to me."
The sign read 'Sunset Park' as Chris drove into a large city park. He followed the road around to an area near a playground, empty in the heat of a school day afternoon, and parked under some trees near a scattering of shaded picnic tables. They carried their food and drinks to a table and sat down.
"Can you smell those things," Mel pointed past the trees at two pairs of soccer goals on worn side-by-side grass fields, "that why you know this is here?"
"You know I can't smell things...," he started.
"Yeah," she interrupted, "that's why I only need to take a shower once a week!"
"Hah! That's why no one likes to hang out with us," it was his turn to get the protruding tongue, "no, they sing to me. Like that myth about the sirens."
"If you run out there and start humping one of the soccer goalposts," she sniffed, "I'm taking the car and going. I'll tell them you're in jail for being a pervert."
"I'm not the one with air conditioning nipples," to emphasise he caressed the left one softly with fingertips. He sometimes wondered if she could will them that way.
"Save it for Escondido," she said, grabbed his hand and kissed his fingers, "now, let me eat in peace!"
"I know this park 'cause we played a tournament here, last year," Chris explained a few minutes later as they ate, "it sucks to be in Vegas if you're not 21. Can't do shit except walk around. Not that I saw much that interested me. But our goalkeeper from then has even worse memories!"
Mel tilted her head as she chewed and raised an eyebrow.
"He dove and made a save, was on the ground, one of the opposing players claimed he was trying to kick the ball, walloped him in the side. Ruptured his kidney and spleen. Almost two weeks in the hospital, intensive care, everything. Transferred out after the end of the school year, said he was done playing."
"Shit... Ref red card the player or anything?"
"Hah. Nothing. But, you heard that word, karma?"
Mel nodded.
"The player that hurt him, his ankle got broken later in the game," Chris's voice had left his ever-steady smooth soft near-baritone for a growl that lacked his usual kindness, "fancy that."
Chris's realized he was staring across the empty soccer fields when he felt Mel's hand on his thigh, she'd slid to sit next to him. He couldn't quite read her smile. He put his hand in hers.
"First time back in Vegas since then," he said, "stretch our legs a few minutes then get out of here?"
Mel kissed him quickly then slid back and lifted her left leg over the bench but stopped and set her foot on the bench. Chris smiled broadly as he looked down.
"Nicely trimmed. So who's going to jail?"
"I'll be fine. I'm just an innocent eighteen year old girl, held in thrall by a raging sex maniac," she declared.
It was Chris's turn for a protruding tongue as they stood and dumped their trash in a nearby bin. She agreed to hold his hand while they walked a path through shaded areas of the park. Just as they got back to the car Chris handed Mel the keys but at the door she stopped and looked over the roof at Chris.
"Where's 'Area 51' from here?"
Chris stopped, rotated his head to orient himself, then turned and pointed away from the car and over a point between the Strip and downtown.
"That way, more or less. We'll go back to the freeway and head south again, if we kept going straight it would be one of the ways to get there. But. You can't get close and anywhere you can go you can't see anything."
"Think they took the bodies there?"
"It's basically just an air base, did all the nuke tests nearby, but they test secret planes there. It's isolated as hell, so good a place as any. Remember that yokel Bart Shell had on about 'unmarked trucks?'"
Mel snorted.
"And they have serious signs about not trespassing. Like, they're allowed to shoot you."
Mel nodded and backed out of the parking spot.
"Oh, the road to Area 51 is also one way to go to get to Pahrump, you turn left instead of right after a bit. Ya know, where Bart Shell lives and has his station."
"No shit?"
"None. Now, turn left at the road, then left when we get to the freeway. Then just keep going about six more hours. The scenery will be impressive, if you think driving through sagebrush desert is exciting."
"Well, it's not like driving for six hours through wheat and oil fields I guess..."
Chris laughed to concede the point as Mel drove.
"Turn in here," Chris said as he looked up from the map, "this is it, 'The Ranch.'"
Mel navigated past the wooden posts holding the sign announcing the name of the place. It appeared to be a number of cute single-level cottages built amongst the pinyon pines and oak trees in some low hills between Escondido and Mt. Mallomar.
"Just past six, made good time thanks to me knowing how to drive," Mel said as she parked in front of the cottage with the 'Office' sign in front of it, a large picture window facing the parking lot, a low wooden porch with a roof overhang covering it. There were only a couple of other cars in the gravel parking lot, with Labor Day come and gone prime vacation season had come to an end.
"I'll go deal with the manager," Mel said and retrieved her backpack from the back seat, "since the room's in the name of the leader of this expedition..."
"No," Chris said as he slid the map book into his pack, "it's in your name."
"The astronomers at Mallomar know who the brains are...," she did a leap to land halfway across the porch, one more step and Chris heard the tinkling of a bell as she opened the door, her 'hello' clear and happy. Chris had just made it to the door when Mel skipped back out.
"Thanks, Mrs. Anderton, this is Chris," Chris waved through the door at a friendly face topped by well-trimmed white hair, her skin had obviously spent too much time in the sun in her youth. She waved back as the door slowly closed itself.
"Number 12," Mel said as she looked at a piece of paper, then up and to her left as she stood at the edge of the porch, "that way, at the end, then behind cottage 6! Here, I'll meet you there."
She handed Chris the car keys and strode purposely toward cottage 12. Chris went to the car, backed it and pulled it the hundred feet to the edge of the parking lot, as close to 6 as he could get. Mel had disappeared so he locked the car, shrugged on his backpack and got the suitcase out of the trunk. He saw cottage 12 about 40 feet away, with the front door propped open by Mel's backpack. He heard a clear joyous 'they did it!'
He carried the suitcase and stepped through the door, heard the toilet flush and Mel walked out of the bathroom.
"Look," she said, pointed toward a desk in a corner behind Chris, he turned. There was a clear glass bowl, about four inches high and similarly in diameter, full of red Emms candies.
"There's a spa tub in there," she pointed behind her, "not quite a balcony, but a back porch."
Chris put the suitcase onto the bed, slipped off his backpack as Mel retrieved hers and let the door close. She walked over to the bowl and tossed a couple of the Emms into her mouth.
"Hmm," she said as she surveyed the bowl, "no obvious brown ones... Oh! Look!"
Chris looked at what she was holding. His mouth dropped open a bit as Mel squealed.
"Two day passes to Castleland! Holy shit!"
Chris smiled as she put them back on the desk, he walked to the back porch and opened the door and stepped out.
"This is pretty nice," he said, he heard Mel follow him to stand at his side, her hands on the wooden railing. He stepped behind her and cupped her breasts as she reached behind and put one hand just behind her to rub his stiffening cock, the other behind his hip to pull him close.
"I can't believe they gave us Castleland passes and the Emms thing," she cooed, rubbed the length of his cock slowly, "but now they did you better hope there aren't any brown ones..."
He reached down to the hem of her tank and lifted it to expose her tits, she put her arms straight up and he took the hint to lift the tank completely off, she returned her hands to their duties as he cupped her breasts then used his fingers to pinch and pull on her nipples as she very deliberately stroked the length of his cock.
"There's no one next to us," Mel purred as her voice dropped a note, "but one past that. Also there are paths out there."
She released his ass and guided his hand to the zipper on the side of her skirt, he pushed it down and moved back slightly to let gravity take care of removing it, left her naked save her shoes and socks. He felt her hand work his snap and then his zipper, gravity needed an assist from her hand to work his shorts past his tumescent prick. She grabbed it, her fingers worked the swollen head.
"How about a quickie," Chris said as he pressed his erection vertically between her ass cheeks, his hand found her clit which was awake and attentive to the situation, "then a little run on one of these trails and then dinner somewhere and we'll go over our notes for tomorrow."
"Mrs. Anderton said there's a nice cafe just a couple miles down the road," Mel purred as she encouraged Chris's fingers to work her clit, "closer than back into town. And lots of trails."
She turned him a bit so they were sideways to the railing to allow them to kiss slowly, with increasing depth and fervour, hands at each other's most sensitive spots. He grunted once when she pressed tightly against his faded but still colorful chest.
"I keep saying that a good boyfriend wouldn't strip me naked on every porch he gets me on," Mel whispered as she kissed his cheek and nibbled his ear, "and make me fuck him."
"And I keep telling you to feel free to find that good boyfriend... But so long as you haven't...," Chris turned Mel and shifted to allow her to brace her hands on the railing and bend over, he slipped behind her and felt her hand reach between her legs to pull his rampant cock toward her now-wet opening. She adjusted the aim and he pushed forward slowly, both of them exhaled as he buried himself as far as he could reach, felt the touch of flesh at the tip of his prick. He pulled back as her fingers found her excited button and pushed home again. Chris saw what might have been the color of clothes in the distance through brush, trees and leaves and in response he pulled back and pushed himself forward, once, twice, as he gained speed on each stroke.
After showers Mel had worn a dress that was translucent in bright light to the cafe, a place whose dim lighting denied their fellow diners too clear of a view. Returned, they sat naked on the bed and reviewed their prepared notes for the Friday press conference. Mel stood up and walked to the bowl and gathered up a handful of red Emms, then used her other hand to swirl the mass of candies a bit.
"Oh, shit..." Chris heard the joyous exclamation and looked up. Mel held a single brown-shelled spheroid chocolate candy.
Meet the Press
"Caldicott, Bajevic," the Mt. Mallomar morning receptionist looked a bit guardedly at the couple at the front desk, "yes, I'll call Dr. Hauptmann. He'll be right down. Have a seat."
Chris sat down gingerly, the sling holding his left arm uncomfortable. Mel wore the slinky, blue, button-down dress that she'd bought that first weekend, a push-up bra, strategically open buttons showed the requisite amount of cleavage, enough bottom buttons undone so each step confirmed thigh-highs and not panty-hose. Her high vacuuming heels completed her outfit along with her office-mode light touch of makeup and brushed hair. Chris had his one offering to formality, a blue sport coat over his button down shirt and new jeans.
"Heh," Mel's very soft laugh as she reached and undid a button on Chris's shirt and pushed apart the cloth, the tip of a still-ugly bruise in the gap.
Two men came through a door at the far end of the room, one just over six feet tall, cropped brown hair and a neatly trimmed beard, his black rim glasses emphasized his wide eyes. The other man a couple of inches shorter and slightly heavier, clean shaven with a short, darker brown ponytail, both appeared to be in their forties and were wearing jackets similar in style to Chris's. They both stopped short when they saw the young couple as the pair stood up from the couch.
"Dr. Hauptmann," Mel said cheerfully to the bearded man as she nudged Chris to step forward with her, "I have one of your papers in my pack!"
"Um, yeah, Bernard Hauptmann," he said, his German accent obvious but his English clear and clipped, "yes indeed. This is Dr. Harold Joyce."
Mel stepped forward and shook first Dr. Hauptmann's hand then Joyce's.
"I'm Melanie Caldicott, call me Mel," she said, Chris put his free, right hand forward, "this is my drudge Chris Bajevic."
"Your eye," said Joyce with a clear Yankee accent, his eyes flashed to Chris's chest but moved quickly away, "Mr. Bajevic, um, your arm. Recent?"
"Chris, please," the younger man said, "ah, it's nothing. Last night."
The two astronomers' eyes went wide, then quizzical expressions formed.
"Well, sirs," Melanie said, "we didn't think you'd actually do the Emms in a bowl! But since you did, you, um, there was a brown one in there..."
She kissed Chris's cheek just below the black, blue and red of his swollen and bruised left eye and patted the arm in its sling.
"He failed to properly convey my unique needs," she said with a husky certainty, "did he not warn you?"
Chris saw two mouths fall open as they developed looks of utter, soul-numbing terror. He tried to summon a tear or two from his good eye.
After a few seconds of their audience's mouths moving but failing to form words, their hands wanting to do something, Chris could no longer contain himself and broke into a laugh. Mel broke into a grin, her eyes glittered. She pulled a tissue out of her pocket and ran it through the makeup on Chris's cheek to expose a finger's width of skin.
"Got you," she said as Chris extracted his arm from the sling, the young couple shook together as they tried to stifle their laughter. After a few more seconds Joyce broke into his own smile.
"You two would fit into here," he said as he chuckled as well, "so perfectly!"
Hauptmann smiled but clearly wasn't quite as ready to join in the amusement.
"Let's go," he said, "the conference is 1:30, we have some coffee, pastries, we'll go over the material we've discussed."
"Just need a moment to clean this," Chris said with his smile, "unless you want me to keep wearing this? By the way, the chest is real, but that was from soccer."
Joyce's mouth a silent 'O' at that, he pointed to a marked door just ahead on the left, but stopped, his mouth opened into a feral grin. Chris glanced at Hauptmann, whose face went from surprise to resignation.
"Can you redo that," Joyce asked Mel, "and put the sling back?"
Mel's smile took a few seconds to widen before she nodded and opened her purse. Chris chuckled and reworked the scarf as Mel pulled out her makeup case and touched up the eye.
"My grad assistant, the one you emailed with, Sandy, is in the conference room. She and I did the Emms and I told her 'what could happen with one brown one.' We have so many of those bloody candies here now... Anyway, like I said, you two will fit right in."
As they walked Mel told Hauptmann which paper she had, he asked a couple of questions and she told him she slightly disagreed with one of his points. Joyce put his finger to his lips and motioned for Chris to delay. He smiled as he nodded and stopped.
Hauptmann led them in, Mel followed and Joyce trailed.
"Team," the New Englander said, "this is Melanie Caldicott, but you know the drill. Trust me, don't get on her wrong side."
Mel stepped forward and introduced herself to the first two, both male grad students from area universities, the last one introduced herself as Sandra, Sandy, a mid-twenties woman with light brown hair and a plain face but with sharp, querying eyes, an astrophysics PhD student from U Mass but without Joyce's clear regional accent. Her dark slacks and blouse were well fitted to her thin frame, her socked height close to Mel's but her soft-soled flats lagged Mel's heels.
"You're the one who did the Emms, Dr. Joyce told us," Mel said to her, a joyful lilt in her voice, "but you missed a brown one. Did my drudge not make that point clear enough?"
Chris chose that instant to trudge into the room with their packs in his free hand, his eyes in what he hoped was a rictus of agony, he tried to remember the slouch like his injured goalkeeper had been forced into after his injury in Vegas. He saw the quirk in Joyce's lips as he tried to maintain form and Hauptmann's resigned disapproval.
"I can believe he didn't," Mel continued, "I'm sure he does this intentionally because he LIKES what happens when he disappoints me..."
The three grad students went from smiles to questioning confusion and finally to horrified understanding. He saw the woman's, Sandy's, expression on him and then her eyes and mouth flashed with anger as her gaze went to the beaming Mel.
"Now, drudge," Mel said with a shrug, "I need my pack. Let's get to work."
For just an instant as Chris trudged toward the table with their packs he thought Sandy might actually take a swing at Mel, she seemed so intense, her body rigid and shaking.
"Enough," said Hauptmann, as Joyce's reserve broke into soft laughter, "Miss Caldicott, please be kind enough to remove Mr. Bajevic's makeup."
Chris stood straight and released his arm as Mel pulled a bottle and some prepositioned cotton pads out of her pack. The grad students swung their glares from Mel to their laughing boss.
"Don't worry," Joyce said finally, "they came in like this. Had the two of us going. They're perfect fits!"
Chris looked out of his one opened eye as Mel used her makeup remover on his other, he was pretty sure Sandy wasn't quite ready to let things pass. But she didn't say anything, her mouth a tight line.
"One thing that has to be clear," Joyce said about 45 minutes later, "no aliens. No mention of aliens, no use of the 'a' word, no mention of who else might've built the anomalies."
"But," Mel said, "they're kidnapping people. They're hot, beautiful blondes with awesome legs, big tits, and very high sex drives! Think of them like you would a succubus."
She looked to Chris who nodded, the assembled scientific professionals blinked in near-unison.
"Yup," he said, "that seems to be the case. They might be brunettes too, we're not as sure on that part. The brunettes have even bigger breasts apparently. No idea if there are male ones or not."
The gaped mouths on the other five people in the room were met with smiling certainty.
"But," Mel said, "ok. We're still trying to PROVE the 'aliens are here, female and horny' part, and these so far might just be human women they've recruited. But who else would've built these?"
"Back to point," said Hauptmann as he held the 16x20 enlargement of an anomaly occluding Jupiter they'd taken in the Uintas, Chris having mailed them copies of that and a few other photos, "we greatly admire the amazing insight and the ability to find these things."
In turn Chris and Mel were going over even higher-resolution photos from the astronomy's scopes.
"They're slippery," added Joyce, "even with our scopes if they don't pass in front of anything they're just not there! But, you need to accept, we aren't talking about aliens. They do have some IR signature but nothing like we'd expect and they seem to simply eat radar waves."
"Yes," Hauptmann tapped in, "we'd like to understand WHAT it was that crashed, some info about what was found, and possibly a mission to investigate these in orbit."
"Shuttles can't get anywhere close," Mel said, "nothing I know about that we or the Soviets have that would be manned."
The professional astronomers and their assistants seemed impressed at that, again, all nodding.
"Would have to be unmanned, but GPS is close to there so we could put something up. Maybe with different angles..."
The debate went on but finished right where Chris and Mel had expected, they'd describe their methods but ignore speculation on the occupants, if any, of the anomalies.
Just before lunch Sandy led Mel and Chris to the briefing room where they'd meet the expected massive numbers of press people.
"Both of them," Sandy said with a laugh, "double what we usually get! In here."
"Ah," said Chris as they stood in the room, a low stage at the front of the room, "it looks like plan B is a no go, Mel."
"Huh?" Sandy asked with furrowed brows, "Plan B?"
"We expected there'd be chairs, so if things weren't going so well," Chris said, "Mel had a plan."
Sandy looked at the younger woman, her expression still guarded from their initial meeting.
"I'm not wearing any...," Mel leaned in and cupped her hand around Sandy's ear and whispered, the graduate assistant's eyes went briefly wide then half slits as Mel stood straight again with her best demon smile, she used a hand to hold her dress just below the open buttons and tossed it a bit with a swing of her hips.
"But that tablecloth hanging over the front to the floor means we'll need to rethink things, my demon," Chris said as he strolled into the middle of the room and sat in a chair, "nope, not even this angle. We'll have to skate by on our brilliant ideas."
"We're effed then," Mel said, "I even trimmed extra short this week!"
"I noticed that last night," Chris said as he moved his head to various angles while still seated.
Sandy's open mouthed expression swung from one to the other of them. Chris knew she had no idea how the afternoon was going to go and she wasn't happy about that. She'd told them she'd been here since the first of the year and had assisted on a few briefings, but those had always been low-key affairs given by professional astronomers or physicists. She also did lots of scut work but had never been on stage during one of the briefings, her attitude made clear she wasn't happy it would be two pain in the ass amateurs who got lucky to be up there. 'Plan B' just cemented whatever ill feelings their meeting had engendered.
"So what's for lunch?" Mel asked Sandy as Chris stood and took Mel's hand and they walked toward the door, Sandy finally reacted and followed.
"Thank you all for coming, I'm Dr. Bernard Hauptmann, the Director for Near Earth Studies here at Mount Mallomar. I think we've set a record for attendance today with and, yes," a latecomer came in the door with a sheepish expression, "we've reached double figures. We're here to discuss the Caldicott-Bajevic Anomalies and we have the discoverers with us today."
After Dr. Joyce, the Chief Astronomer, introduced himself he nodded to Mel.
"Hi, I'm Melanie Caldicott, but if anyone calls me anything other than Mel there will be trouble. My boyfriend sitting next to me wanted to get into my pants so being that his family lovingly calls him Black Cloud he caused some sort of orbiting object to crash to Earth back in June in a flaming streak. Of course, I was wearing a skirt with no underwear so no pants to get into so the fireball was overkill. But it made me certain I was making the right decision."
"I'm Chris Bajevic, also known as 'Black Cloud' when I'm crashing things that I don't even know exist, much less don't touch. I just follow directions and write wicked computer programs to allow my girlfriend to tell me where to point my cameras to take pictures of invisible satellites. And I do it to get into her non-existent pants."
Chris glanced sideways to see Sandy's pained look as she stood hidden from the lightly laughing reporters, all but one of them male. Leftward Joyce smiled but Hauptmann was, as usual, less amused. He also looked at the cameras, although it wasn't being broadcast live it was being recorded. Whether any of the networks would want any of it who knew.
Hauptmann sighed softly then launched into a summary of the key dates and events, highlighted the USENET posting from Mel and Chris but entirely omitted the Bart ShellShore to Shore AMappearance. He described the observatory's efforts to capture their own images and the exchanges with these two young amateurs to build up their certainty.
"So before I open to questions, allow me to reiterate that we do NOT know what the anomalies actually are. They are seemingly regular in appearance and the two remaining ones fit perfectly with the third, apparently crashed, one being part of an original trio. That they are of artificial origin is consistent with what we have but we cannot state that definitively. Nor can we state much about the crashed item as the government continues to insist it was simply a radioactive meteorite. They continue to restrict access, claim severe radioactivity. One of our goals here today is to lay out as much information as we have to encourage more openness in the investigation."
He stopped and sipped from his glass of water as a couple of the reporters took pictures.
"All of this is in the briefing materials you were given. Now, we hope you have questions."
"So Ms. Caldicott, how did you conclude this wasn't simply a rock?"
"Mel, please, Ms. Caldicott is my mother. And this one next to me is Chris, Mr. Bajevic is his very wonderful father, no idea how he ended up with this as his son!"
A chuckle around the room, a snort from Chris in Mel's direction. Mel nodded to him.
"That said," Chris began, "I'd taken Mel to the park up the mountain to try and impress her. I had, as we admitted, ulterior motives. That I somehow conjured up a fireball just as we were moving things along was well, a nice coincidence."
Chris stopped and another quick glance showed Sandy's growing desperation. It was early though and he was worried for her. Joyce's near-losing fight to not laugh relaxed him. He couldn't quite see Hauptmann's face but his crossed arms weren't a man in a sanguine mood.
"The fireball was kind of excessive," Mel said, "I mean, I'd already decided I was going to put out. But going out of his way to conjure it for me meant Chris got my front AND back doors that night."
Mel left some silence for that to sink in as she kept an innocent 'did I say something' face, Chris watched lights turn on behind the sets of eyes in the audience, including the lone female journalist there, whose professional demeanor almost broke but whether to outrage or joy Chris didn't know. Another sideways glance he saw Sandy's mouth slowly open as it belatedly sunk in.
"But it wasn't quite right. I didn't know the dimensions of the Valley, the latitude and heights of the mountains, the crash site, but it stuck in my mind. So when Chris helped me get all of that I knew it had to have been something in orbit. The rest was his magic fingers. And also his code writing."
After a wave of chuckling passed through the room, the next question came from the woman, except for the dark blonde hair an almost-twin to Maria. Chris immediately liked her.
"So Mel, Chris, what was the moment when you two felt you'd calculated the orbits? Why didn't you announce then?"
"It was still just my hypothesis," Mel said, "lots of numbers. We were naked in the computer lab..."
A round of murmurs caused her to pause, smiling softly.
"As I said, Chris used my info to do his programs and fired it all off, then we went out to run."
"Obstacle running," Chris interjected, "not parkour like those French guys call it. WE invented it. Please note that."
"Silly CS guys," Mel muttered with a shake of her head, then continued, "anyway, we came back, sweaty, it was cold in the air conditioning, so we stripped down, had towels but hadn't gotten redressed when we reviewed the numbers. We got excited and celebrated."
"What if you'd gotten caught?" the female journalist added quickly.
"I'd have gotten a massive boost in status in the CS department," Chris said, "from being caught with this beautiful demon."
"And while this one is hard to control," Mel reached and took Chris's hand, "for most of the CS guys a bit of thigh, glimpse of cleavage, and they're putty. I'd have had them at my beck and call just by implying they might be next..."
"What about the CS women?"
"Harder, but I'm willing to share him now and again," Mel nodded toward Chris, who raised an eyebrow and nodded with a soft smile, "and for the lesbians I'm quite flexible."
His next glance showed him that Sandy's hands gripped her cheeks, her mouth open. He was definitely worried for her continued health at that point.
"But we wanted solid proof," Chris said, "now we had predicted orbits we found a telescope and went into the high mountains with it. Mel's theory was three equidistant satellites that can use lasers or something like that to communicate, make it impossible to detect."
"And it was key that we had a wonderful professional photographer," Mel picked up, "who guided us with how to do proper astrophotography."
"The briefing guide and the paper we did with Mt. Mallomar has details," Chris explained, "about the exact films we used, the hypersensitization process, exposures, development, all that. We owe our photo pro big time. But no use us reading that stuff off up here."
"Why isn't she here?"
"We respect her wish for privacy, would YOU want to be publicly associated with US?" Mel's answer led to another bout of group laughter, once it had quieted she continued, "Dr. Joyce has spoken with her, knows her story. If she chooses to come forward we'll enthusiastically help her. But not before. But that was what led us to post on USENET and the eventual chain that led to today."
"I did speak with the photographer to confirm her story. When we saw their posting," Joyce said, "I just had a feeling about it. There'd been discussion about the fireball so given we had ridiculously precise guidance from these two we went for it."
"Did you two, um, 'celebrate' up in the mountains?"
"Oh, yeah, both doors again," said Mel, with a firm nod, but she left off certain details in this case. Chris simply smiled and nodded along. He was relieved no one asked the possibly obvious follow-up.
"What about your claims on Bart Shell's show? About the kidnapping?" A burly man, around fifty or fifty-five, Chris thought, if he based the comparison of grey hair and the like to his soccer coach.
Both of them glanced quickly at Joyce, who shrugged, as if he'd expected this.
"All we KNOW," Chris said the last word firmly, "was two students, one of them a CS guy named Peter Miller, disappeared back in 1981. His girlfriend was utterly stunning by all accounts, but they left everything behind. Clothes, his car, money. No sign of either of them. By all accounts he was a great student and had excellent prospects. No obvious reason to disappear."
"Stunning isn't the word, she was absolutely beautiful," said Mel, "but it was like they were beamed up and the girl, Carole, seemed to have appeared from nowhere. When we have PROOF about that we'll be happy to have another briefing. But mainly we wanted to get the word out through an alternative channel."
Chris could no longer see Sandy. He hoped one of the other grad assistants was calling her an ambulance. He wondered if she might reappear with a shotgun.
"Let's get back to subject," Joyce said, but his face was soft, "we're happy to stay as long as we need but I know many of you have deadlines."
Most of the subsequent questions were around work Mallomar had done in conjunction with other observatories using different techniques, all largely useless in working out exactly what was in orbit.
"But going back over photos," Joyce said, "we think, think mind you, that the anomalies appeared no earlier than 1975. Given that we need precise conditions we don't have many photos, but we have some that would provide indications. The earliest is from that year."
"That's after the moon shots were done," said a reporter with what sounded to Chris like a Russian accent, "so what was being launched?"
"To these orbits? Nothing anywhere near large enough to match these, and nothing manned," Joyce said firmly, "shuttles go nowhere near this high."
Both Mel and Chris mouthed but didn't say 'aliens.'
"There's also the stealth," Chris added, "these things are nearly invisible. I'd say we got blindly lucky but we didn't. Mel KNEW where to look once I'd run her numbers and she has damned good eyes. Which makes it more surprising she's with me!"
"Thank you everyone for coming," Hauptmann's first words for quite some time, "we'll be available informally and off the record for those who'd like to attend our reception. We'll also have a few other staff available. For those needing to leave, thank you for your time and attention."
He stood and the rest of the panel followed suit, a round of soft applause. Chris saw Sandy back at her station, her relief at this having ended losing to her new stress at having two lunatics loose in her building. The panelists stood and Joyce motioned for Chris to lead them off, he smiled at Sandy who forced her face into a minimal smile, for the sake of her bosses rather than the lunatics.
"Good job," Joyce said brightly, "you two sure you've not done briefings before?"
"We're just too stupid to be scared," Chris shrugged as Mel slid her right arm around his left one and nodded in agreement, "no use hiding."
Sandy's stiff shoulders led them to the cafeteria where it seemed the staff had the afternoon to mill around and drink wine. Chris stuck with coke as did Mel to avoid any awkward questions around her getting alcohol, although Joyce shrugged at the prospect.
After a few questions and discussions with various of the other astronomers and staff members Mel and Chris were left slightly apart from the crowd and she leaned her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes, he slipped his arm around her waist and kissed the top of her head.
"None of the networks are here," she said softly, "just specialists."
"One of them's from the LA Times," Chris said, "or so I was told. And 'Science for America,' and 'Astrophysics Today.' You read that one, don't you?"
"Me, and three other people..."
"Heads up," Chris nudged her softly with his shoulder, "attractive older woman approaching."
Mel opened her eyes and straightened up as the one woman who'd attended approached. Chris noticed less resemblance to Maria beyond her similar age and her build, a bit taller than their anonymous photographer and her dark blonde hair quite a bit lighter.
"Chris, Mel," the woman put out her right hand to shake Chris's then Mel's hand, "I'm Sonia Tarkus, I'm a freelance journalist. I've been in many of the science magazines and I'd love to set up a long interview with just the two of you."
She let that sink in, the lowered her voice.
"Where you won't need to follow someone else's rules."
"Here's my card," she handed each of them a business card with her name and contact information, her office somewhere in the Los Angeles area so far as Chris could tell, "I'm happy to come to the Uni. I'd like to do it before your classes start at the end of the month but I'm flexible. Not doing it on commission, but if we set a date I can start trying to sell it."
"Thanks a lot, Sonia," Mel said with a tired smile, "we'll talk about it, okay? Get back to you?"
"Sure," she said, then lowered her voice again, "think of me like Bart Shell, eh?"
The young couple chuckled, they shook hands with her and she turned, "call me, don't be shy!"
"Remember," Chris said softly to Mel when they were more or less being ignored again, Mel's head nestled back onto his shoulder, Sonia had joined a couple of other of the journalists speaking to Hauptmann and Joyce, "how Dave said Peter talked about Carole's 'crazy green eyes?' Dave said he never bothered looking at her eyes though, too busy elsewhere."
He felt Mel's nod and heard her snort.
"That Sonia's eyes were green."
Mel laughed at that.
"Glad you managed to look at her eyes. What color are my eyes?" She had them closed tightly.
"Black," Chris said, "black like your cute little trimmed bush."
She opened them and kissed him. Her black eyes glimmered.
"Flattery will get you in. Think we could find a quiet spot," she murmured, his hand fell down her back to slide over her ass, "always been a fantasy of mine to be here... I have underwear in my pack, for after... We'll worry about the maybe alien agent that wants to interview us later... Unless you want to invite her along. She's hot. And you have this thing for old women..."
Chris scanned the room. No one paid special attention to them.
"That conference room," Chris said, "everyone's here drinking. We should probably be quick about it. Unless we could get back with the main scope..."
He kissed her forehead as she nudged his crotch, his cock wanted attention.
"I'll do you slow, slow, slow, tonight to make up for it...," he added as she responded with purring, he took her hand and started to walk, at the door she took one last look and noticed they were still being ignored as they slipped into the empty hallway.
They passed one staffer who nodded to them as he went toward the cafeteria and the refreshments and wasn't interested in why the guests wandered loose. Mel slipped into the conference room as Chris checked to ensure the hall was empty before he followed and closed the door quietly.
"Mmmfff," he said as arms were thrown around his neck and his mouth was the victim of a forceful tongue, he mounted a late but effective defensive response that led to a series of battles trading back and forth over the same territory. He pushed her back until her ass bumped against the table and a mutually-agreed tongue truce was called.
Chris moved back enough to slip his jacket off and lay it over a chair back. Mel pushed forward as she unbuttoned her dress.
Chris and Mel walked out of the conference room hand-in-hand to see an anxious Sandy stride rapidly toward them.
"There you two are! I've been looking...," she wrinkled her nose slightly as she reached them, looked at their heavy-lidded eyes and Mel's slightly smudged makeup, "did you two just have se..."
She couldn't quite speak the last word aloud.
"Quite the sense of smell. Oh," Chris was apologetic, "should we have invited you? We would've if we'd known. Had the impression you didn't like us."
They watched her close her eyes and breathe slowly and deeply, counting apparently.
"No...," she opened her eyes and spoke slowly and showed a smile that didn't hold much mirth, "but we have new news. You'll like it."
"Lead on," said Mel, she looked at Chris, both unsure how to read her changed mood.
Instead of the cafeteria Sandy led them to a tiered lecture room, about a third full with what Chris assumed was everyone working today and half of the journalists, an excited buzz in the room.
"There you are," Joyce's clipped accent, he caught Chris and Mel's eyes, they smiled and nodded at him, "have a seat here in the front. Quite the day you two picked to drop by. Chris, I think you really are Black Cloud!"
Chris just smiled. As with Sandy's cheerless smile, the laughter in the room was strained, even if Joyce still seemed happy to have them. He motioned to them to sit and then walked to the side of the stage and signaled to someone in the back. The room lights dimmed and a star-filled photo was displayed.
"Thirty minutes ago we got a call from Kitami observatory in Japan, with confirmation from Matterview in Switzerland. Others are reporting in. What we believe was an utterly boring K3 star, similar to our sun, went supernova. The Japanese first saw it six hours ago but of course, as it's not quite 33 light years away it actually happened near 33 years ago."
The screen changed to show a tiny dot surrounded with a red circle.
"That's near Ursa Major," said Mel, "but toward Bootes."
"Got it," Joyce nodded, a few murmurs agreed, "we should get a view of it in a few hours. But I'll note the Japan sighting that was the first was almost precisely the time our guests here walked in the front door."
Chris's jaw dropped as he worked out his implication. Joyce's tone was jocular but Mel stared at her lover, struck silent for possibly the first time in their acquaintance.
"I... blew up... a star? But they do that, don't they?" Chris said, Joyce smiled at him.
"Not these kinds, lover," Mel said, her voice husky but with a kind of awe as well as lust, she wrapped her arms around his right arm to keep it from flailing, "K stars are even longer-lived than our sun. Usually..."
"She knows her stuff," Joyce said, "ok, HR5256 is so minor it doesn't even have a name, need excellent eyes to see it without a scope. It's a bit cooler than Sol and much lower in ultraviolet output but if it did have a planet similar to Earth it could very well have hosted life, we just don't yet have the technology to find them. But with this supernova any and all life in that system will have been wiped out."
"What about us," Mel asked Joyce, "that's close!"
"Good question. From what's been seen so far," the man's face went a bit grimmer, "we think we're ok. We believe we're going to have some awesome aurorae for a while and likely some ozone damage but it's so far a simple type II supernova. Not such good news if anything was living THERE though."
"All right, then. It'll be all hands on deck tonight. We want everything we have pointing at this event all night. Mel, if you want, we have a team going through old pictures, we want to see if there was any variation of this star. You have great eyes, we could use the help."
Mel looked quickly at Chris, he saw the excitement on her face, nodded. She smiled up at Joyce and nodded.
"Chris, sit in with the computer guys? You built orbit hunting code from scratch, talk to our team, maybe some good ideas?"
"Least I can do," he said, a morose tone in his voice,"Black Cloud strikes again. So much for the Black Flag show."
Mel's silent 'wha?' and he mouthed 'later.'
"Ok, everyone, you know where you're going! Mel, Chris, hold on, let's talk quickly."
They nodded to him as the noise of numerous conversations picked up and people stood and filed out of the room.
"I'd rape the fuck out of you right now, but they might get mad," whispered Mel, "blowing up a star for me."
"I don't even know what star it was..."
"It's what you do," she kissed him quickly, then they stood, stepped up onto the stage and walked toward Joyce.
"Just one thing," Mel added quietly to Chris, "this was bad timing. We'll be yesterday's news now."
Chris looked at her with a puzzled expression.
"The only thing people will care about," Mel smiled sadly at Chris, "is will the sun decide to do this too."
They saw Sandy turn and step aside at the door, she looked back at them, her mood clearly bolstered by this turn of events. She turned away from them and slipped into the stream of people going to their various duties, her head held high.
A Night Out
Anna
Anna watched the light traffic from where she sat on the front porch. She liked the feel of her new brown boots, low-heeled and just over her ankles. She'd wanted ones like Jayne wore, with the big heels, but her beautiful brunette friend had discouraged her, said 'you're already so tall, Anna, don't scare them off even more.' She expected Jayne so they could go out to dinner at Some Place Cafe, her favorite restaurant in this city. Jayne so far had refused to take her to Crompton's, she had a new option for going there.
She saw the sporty, red, Camaro Z28 pull to a stop in front of the house on the left, strangers' cars filled the couple of spots in front of her ugly old two story house. Anna stood up and watched as the lovely young woman emerged and walked toward the house, her dark brown wavy hair parted on her left bounced loosely over her shoulders. Her snug, red blouse accentuated her large breasts above a flat stomach, tight jeans and the high heeled boots Anna so loved.
"Hi, Anna," Jayne said as she slowed at the steps up onto the worn boards of the front porch, the old house in need of any number of facelifts, "everything ok?"
"Of course,"Anna pouted in an affected manner, "just wondering if I'm going to starve to death here."
"Heh, it's Friday night and I don't have to work, take what you get," Jayne laughed, "anyway, I need the bathroom. Let me in."
Anna backed up and Jayne did a quick step to the main level bathroom. The tall woman walked into her bedroom, her door open as she debated what to put into her purse when Jayne entered the room.
"That's better," the shorter woman said, "ok, dinner, then I'm going to take you to the Green Parrot. That bra and blouse make your tits so damned awesome it's too bad I'm not a lesbian. Wait'll the pervs at the Parrot get a sight of you!"
"You sure about that," Anna tried to coo as she leaned over, the push-up bra and the deep, scoop-neck long-sleeve pullover top left huge, round cleavage, utterly unlike her normal loose t-shirts, blouses and jeans, "interested in a test drive?"
"Been there," said Jayne wistfully, "done that. Some parts of that night I'll always treasure. But yeah, I'm stuck on team 'I like to fuck boys.'"
"Me too," Anna laughed, "maybe you'll find one tonight?"
"Hah! Not a good look, my bosses told me I can take a camera truck out Halloween night if nothing 'big' happens, like an earthquake or whatever, do a feel-good story! All mine, just three weeks from now. One thing, I have to wear a mask."
"But you're so beautiful, Jayne, why?"
"Contracts, pay grades, shit like that. Oh well, it gets me in front of the camera once, second time be easier. Anyway, not good picking up some random dude in the pub then having him nudge his friends another night when I come on and telling everyone 'hey, I fucked her!'"
They both laughed, some sadness mixed in.
"So, do these jeans look ok," Anna said, "they're much tighter then my other ones."
"Men will kill to get their hands on your ass, ok? You should wear jeans like these more often! Anyway, get your stuff, you're driving. I'm drinking. Let's go."
"Ah, Halloween," Anna said, her eyes unfocused, "my new boy..."
"New boy? Hey, wait! What?"
"Oh, didn't I tell you?" Anna made a 'so sorry' face.
"You're getting scary good, girl... what's this about a boy?"
Anna put her purse strap over her shoulder and led Jayne toward the back door and her beloved Mustang in its parking spot.
"Classmate, he's taller than me! And he told me there's going to be a Halloween party..."
"What? You're...," Jayne smiled as she stepped past Anna so the taller woman could lock the back door, "and I'll have a camera."
They walked in silence.
"GOT IT!" Jayne exclaimed, "On the way to dinner, we need to stop and get some comics."
"Comic books?"
"Yup, I'll show you the perfect costume. You can take pictures on that padlet of yours and get them to make the costume for you, one that makes you look really, really, hot. And I know exactly what I'll wear. I can show you that too!"
Ultimate
Sam
Sam lowered her water bottle after a long swig of the cold water as she brought her breathing back to normal, the unusually hot, Indian summer weather almost halfway through October dried her ample sweat quickly. She saw Mel's cute ass and sweet legs in her tight running shorts as her black ponytail swung from her animated discussion with a couple of guys alongside the Ultimate Frisbee fields they'd laid out at Riverside Park. Sam admired that Mel's athleticism allowed her to match up against most of the male players and she'd laughed quietly when she'd seen a couple of guys silently insist on switching off of covering or being covered by Mel, tried not to draw attention while they did it.
"Remember last week," Mel said as she jogged to where Sam stood after her discussion as they watched the beginning of Chris's soccer game, "some of the other Ultimate guys said they used to play at Fairmont Park but it's all dug up now being rebuilt?"
"Um, yeah," Sam stammered a bit at the seemingly irrelevant point, her own, red ponytail bobbed at the motion, "so?"
"Chris's TA Dave said Peter used to play Ultimate at Fairmont," Mel said, "those two guys knew him."
Sam followed Mel's use of her water bottle to point to the two guys, they'd happily welcomed Mel and Sam to join them earlier that day after a short tutorial on the rules. Chris had taken them to the Medical Tower basement for his traditional breakfast, early enough so he could make it to watch the Uni women's soccer game which was just before his on the same field his game was on.
"Anyway," Mel continued, Sam forced to stay on the subject, "that one has info about Peter's old housemates, gave me his number. Said give him a call during the week and he'd look it up."
Sam wasn't excited about that but having this 'puzzle' seemed to pep them up and she liked that. Mel and Chris had been unusually reserved after their trip to the California observatory and she'd been worried they were upset at one another. But if anything she noticed they were more bunkered together but all Mel would say was 'he coulda blown it up NEXT month.' The supernova dominated all of the news for many days until it became clear the immediate effects were minor, for earth at least. That no one could explain the why and what that meant for the sun meant there was little room for attention for two college students and their strange obsession which left the briefing they'd been so excited about no more than a couple of paragraphs in even the specialist space magazines. Since the two of them were top of her 'people I care about who aren't my lover' list, Sam just tried to be supportive but was worried.
Ten days before classes began Chris had an interview with Dr. Carlstrom and was offered an independent research position. It wouldn't pay anything but it gave him a tuition waiver and so long as he graduated as planned at the end of the school year his entry into grad school was guaranteed. Sam was a bit jealous, she got paid and a tuition waiver for teaching labs, but she had to deal with snot-nosed undergraduates. That most of her friends were undergrads didn't seem to quite surface in her sense of annoyance. Nothing much changed for a couple of days but a week before classes started Chris, Teresa and Sam were all at the house and Mel was at work. Chris had been in his room on his terminal and when he came downstairs he seemed much happier. He even called Mel, who was temping at yet another law office, and said "I have something to show you..."
Sam had walked sneakily upstairs shortly after Mel had raced up there upon getting home and barely said hi. When she peeked, unusually they were fully clothed, Mel still in her work dress, hose and heels. But Chris was animatedly pointing at the screen and Mel was doing that weird, pogo thing with her ass that she did when she was happy and excited. After that, they were back to their 'best.' That it had to do with the disappeared Peter Miller and Carole Dzhavo worried Sam, but what the hell, was there anything REALLY bad that could come of their slight obsession?
Shouts from the soccer field as Chris's team scored their second goal in the first fifteen minutes of the match freed Sam from having to say anything and derailed her somewhat obsessive thought train. She was happy for that.
Ah," said Mel after another deep drink, "I really liked Park City. The first full day I was here Chris took me through the mountains and we stopped there and that day after Labor Day. But I'm not sure a degree in astrophysics will pay enough to afford those nice, sexy skirts and dresses up there!"
"You're funny," Sam said with a friendly laugh and definitely happy on the change of subject, "you're the biggest tomboy I've ever met, you're outrunning these guys in Ultimate... And you love wearing dresses and skirts and stockings more than any girl I know, not to mention those wild heels you vacuum in! When I was in grade school the biggest event was they finally let us wear pants!"
"Us too," Mel said, her own smile wide, "but, I like them, guess I have to admit I got it from my mother... but Chris likes them too..."
"He really likes the way you WEAR them," Sam's laughter clear, "I like that too. Wish I had the guts to do that..."
Mel's joy turned serious for a moment.
"That's why we met," she said, her smile returned, "and I like doing nice things for him. He does nice things for me. He bought me all those stockings!"
Sam's face was a study in amusement. She nodded.
"Speaking of skirts," Mel continued, "I need to tell you what we're wearing for our Halloween party... You and me. Watching Chris's team kick ass is boring. Park City doesn't look too good today. Let's go play over here some more."
She jogged toward the scrum of Ultimate players, reorganized down to a single game. Sam's question was stuck in her throat but as Teresa didn't seem excited about a paired theme whatever the demon had planned for Halloween it would likely be interesting. She ran to catch up.
Close to an hour later Sam heard one of the Ultimate guys yell 'last game' but she waved them off.
"I'm done," she shouted to Mel, who was out on the field and gave her a wave back, "I'll be sitting."
She watched the last few minutes of Chris's game, his team up 4-0 and clearly playing keep-away more than anything at the moment when she heard Mel yell 'open!' She twisted and saw the demon turn ninety-degrees just inside the end zone and her defender lost a step. Sam heard another defender, the one covering Mel's teammate with the disc, hit 'six' in his count when Mel's teammate quickly faked to his backhand then pivoted rapidly to his opposite side which freed him just enough and he released a sharp forehand throw perfectly weighted to allow Mel to make the game-winning catch between two defenders.
"Yeah!" Sam heard Mel and most of her teammates shouting, most of them and their opponents stopped and put hands on knees.
Sam turned as she saw the Ultimate players shake hands and watched the last few minutes of the Uni men's victory, a step above the Uni women's earlier draw. She felt two arms wrap around her from behind and cup her breasts, she yelped a bit as Mel's head landed on her left shoulder and teeth and lips nipped at her neck.
"Yum," said the contralto with a slight rasp, "dried salty sweat."
Sam smiled and turned her head as she heard the whistle end Chris's game, cheers on his side amid desultory stances from their vanquished opponents.
"Think they even worked up a sweat," Mel said as she put her chin on Sam's shoulder, her hands still cupped the seated woman's breasts, Sam caressed Mel's sweaty, bare arms.
"Not much of one," Sam answered, "not like last week's battle against Provo."
"C'mon," Mel said as she stood and folded her lawn chair, Sam followed suit, "let's go get Chris."
Just as they started they saw Chris wave quickly at them then he looked off to his right and an odd expression came over him. Sam and Mel followed his eyes and saw a young woman, thin, light brown hair in a pixie cut.
"That's Jess," Mel said with a puzzled tone, "the only ex of Chris's who isn't apparently dead or lesbian. Don't know which I'll end up."
"Hopefully the second," Sam stroked Mel's arm, "you'll be warmly welcomed."
Mel laughed. Chris walked about fifteen feet and met Jess, her expression seemed drawn. They saw her hand Chris an envelope then she quickly hugged him and turned and jogged away, like she was in a hurry.
He turned to walk back, saw Mel and Sam and smiled. A few teammates noticed them as well and chants of 'our favorite fans' broke out, the women smiled and both took bows. Mel walked up to Chris and kissed him deeply and slipped her arm around his back.
"Don't worry, Coach," she said to the salt-and-pepper haired Englishman who coached their team, "that's all he gets the rest of the season. He needs his energy for this!"
"That's it, my lovely," the softened British accent, "that'll have him right."
"Hey..." Chris said, but gave up given the cheers.
"Mel, Sam," said Ben, Chris's goal-scoring teammate and, Sam knew but hadn't told Mel, Chaos Kelly's cousin, "we're going to Der Rathskeller, come along, you two are much better company than Chris!"
More cheers across the group.
"Sorry, boys," Sam said, as she did her best come-hither pose, "I have a date with my girlfriend."
"Next week," Chris said as Mel nodded, "other plans too. See ya'll Tuesday!"
As Mel and Chris walked arm in arm and Sam walked alongside, Mel waited until they were out of earshot.
"What'd Jess give you?" Mel asked him.
"Dunno," he said quietly, "said it's just for us."
His tone worried Sam but Mel left it at that so she decided to just think about all the fun the day had been so far.
Halloween
Sam
Sam heard the doorbell and muffled shouts of 'trick or treat' at the front door. Chris and Bobby were in the backyard, Teresa was back in the basement, Mel upstairs and Terry had left a few minutes earlier to get Pam for the party. Others had handled the previous packs of candy hunters so this one was on her. Just past six pm, the sky darkened with the sun down and a full moon expected in an hour, she hoped this was the last ones since they hadn't known how many to expect and were down to the last few miniature candy bars. October had started with Indian summer that gave way to eight inches of surprise snow that melted in hours but this last week may as well have been August again. Tomorrow's forecast was for cold rain so Sam had no complaints..
She walked carefully, she couldn't remember the last time she'd tried to wear heels even half this high and wondered for an instant how she'd let Mel talk her into them. The feathered wings on her back meant she walked a tightrope. Even more frustrating was how easy the demon made heels look. Damn that charming, lovely chameleon, thought Sam as she gripped the candy bowl and opened the door in the middle of another 'trick or...'
There were six children, apparently two families as two sets of parents stood midway from the street to the small front porch. Sam bent over and put a candy bar in each proffered bag or plastic pumpkin in turn to a smattering of 'thank yous.' She squinted for a second at one little bunny-eared girl who'd circled around and squinted back and Sam quickly tossed the last bar into her bag, her thighs would be happier she'd given it away. She stood up as the children all turned to run off, she noticed the two mothers' eyes slightly hooded, their husbands' eyes behind them glittered.
'Shit,' Sam silently vocalized as she smiled and waved with her free hand, she hoped her cheeks weren't beet red. She wasn't used to wearing a bustier that cupped and pushed her breasts up while offering minimal coverage, like everything else she wore it was the white of heavenly purity, her white heels, white thigh-high stockings, the white pleated, mid-thigh skirt and bustier, and of course her angelic wings and halo. What the husbands on the path probably found most heavenly was the view of white flesh and two erect buds of pink down her bustier as she delivered her candy. Fortunately they all turned and walked back to the footpath but she swore the two husbands glanced back quickly.
She was about to close the door when she saw what she took to be the first arrivals for their Halloween party, the tall, heavy man wore a peaked grey cap and grey cape, a long walking stick clicked on the concrete each step, his dark blond beard and hair flowed freely. The heavily pregnant woman alongside him had lighter blonde hair with what looked like silver highlights in the streetlights and the front yard lights. She had on a flowing silvery dress and cape, her hair parted around two pointed ears. They waved and smiled at the children before turning onto the walk to the front door. Sam set the candy bowl on the little table just inside the door and stepped carefully out.
"Yon angel," said the hefty man, "well met. Have we come upon the abode of Chris and Mel?"
They stopped at the front steps.
"Hail, Gandalf the Grey," said Sam, who wasn't sure on the latter but decided to give it a shot, "and Lady Galadriel. You're at the right place, tho' it not be the Prancing Pony."
Sam bowed and when she stood the couple beamed, obviously pleased at being recognized. Or at the view.
"I'm Sam," she resumed, "but, alas, not he of the green thumb."
"You're a heavenly sight, though," said the woman.
"I'm Roger O'Dell, and this is Jeanie," said the Wizard, "I'm the computer center manager."
"Indeed," said a voice behind Sam, she turned and saw Teresa in her crisp, dark blue suit, a white shirt, dark blue tie, black shoes. She had a plastic martini glass with clear, bubbly liquid in it and her hair darkened and slicked back.
"Bond, Teresa Bond," she said, as she stepped out to stand next to Sam, "you gave Chris the terminal and the modem."
Roger nodded.
"It means he never comes out of his room," Teresa sighed, "neither of them do!"
"Anyway," Sam nodded to her left, "Chris and Bobby are setting up the kegs around back, we have all kinds of soft drinks and lemonade in the fridge. Pizzas be a bit later, snacks in here."
"Sounds good," said Roger, "I could use a flagon of ale."
"Take 'em around," Teresa said, "I'll keep an eye out for more."
She kissed Sam quickly, to the quirked eyebrows of their onlookers.
"Do you live here too," asked the Elven Queen, "Sam?"
"No," a bit wistful, she pointed to her left, "just drop by regularly. Around that corner and head back."
Sam tread carefully as she followed the couple, just around the corner she heard voices in the back discuss the tapping of the two pony kegs. Just as Roger made it to the side door from the house Sam heard clicking and suddenly Roger was engulfed, a pair of black leathery wings flapped.
"Avaunt, foul demon," the Lady said, Sam not sure where the acting ended and the real feeling began as her husband was wrapped tightly in a hug from Mel.
"Holy... shit," said Sam. Six inch stilettos with platforms, black and red, black thigh high stockings with lace tops. Sam's skirt left an inch of her pale thighs exposed between it and the tops of her stockings but with Mel, there was so much of her fit thighs covered only by her garter straps that the black skirt deserved that name only because Sam couldn't think of what else to call it, it was hardly more than a wide belt. Her bustier was red with black panels and covered even less than Sam's did, the bulk of Mel's round breasts exposed. The black wings and a yard long red devil's tail that swung from the waistband of her skirt completed the outfit.
No, it didn't. She stepped away from Roger and Sam saw her already black eyes surrounded by black and crimson shadow that caught the porch light as if they were bottomless wells. Sam saw the pointy tops of dark red horns sticking out of her mass of piled black hair. Her lips were the same reddish black color as her eye shadow. Even her closely-trimmed fingernails were painted in glossy black that reflected light.
"Roger!! You've lost weight!" She said firmly as she stepped back, her hands on his shoulders, his mouth hung open as he stared, "And you must be Jeanie!" Mel released Roger and stepped to her.
"Look at you," Mel said as she looked at the protruding stomach, "congratulations."
She hugged the woman, who hugged back after two heartbeats of resistance. Then Mel stepped back as all three onlookers stared open-mouthed at her.
"I'm Mel," she said, looked at Jeanie, "I'm Chris's succubus. Your husband has helped us soooo much!"
"Ah," said Jeanie, her eyes worked their way down the demon's body, "YOU'RE Mel."
Sam saw the glance at Roger that meant this revelation was going to be discussed later.
"C'mon," Mel said as she pulled what Sam thought was a rolled up leash from a hook on her waist, "let's go find my prey."
"I just have no idea," they heard Chris say to the tall, broad barbarian warrior standing next to him, a broadsword in a scabbard on his back, "how you got someone to bring you two pony kegs of beer all the way from San Francisco."
The barbarian poured himself a dark beer from one of the miniature kegs that they'd surrounded in ice in plastic storage tubs, both hooked to a CO2 canister thanks to Bobby's contact. He'd stayed back east until just before classes began and returned over thirty pounds lighter.
"Bit foamy, but mostly settled," he said, "you just need to have real friends."
He sipped at the beer, nodded his head, handed it toward Chris, who took a sip then handed it back.
"Ah, nice, but I've still gotta drive and get the pizza. Plenty of time to drink after that."
Sam saw Chris had skintight leather jeans, a sleeveless skin tight leather vest and something around his neck. Mel stepped ahead and put her hand on his shoulder to turn him, Sam saw his eyes widen a bit before she pushed her mouth onto his and his eyes closed. While they were kissing Mel lifted the leash and by feel clipped it onto a hook on the front of Chris's choker.
"Come here and say hi to our friends," Mel pulled him, Bobby the Barbarian had turned also. His breechcloth and open faux fur vest meant his solid definition was obvious. Sam wondered if with less weight his height had rebounded or something.
Thirty minutes later Sam had given up on the heels. Mel zoomed around the place on those insane shoes without pause, made sure everyone had drinks and snacks and whatever, tail and wings swinging.
Sam snuck downstairs and found the white slip-ons she'd kept ready to match her costume, an audible 'ah' as she pulled them on. She'd earlier resisted Mel's entreaty to avoid underwear but just before she opened the door she worked her hands under her skirt and slipped the white boyfriend cut panties down and tossed them on Teresa's bed and wondered what those mothers would think now.
She climbed the stairs and met Chris who was coming in the side door with a couple of large empty plastic bowls.
"Sam," he said, "give me a hand with some more chips?"
She nodded and turned right to follow him into the kitchen.
"Is your friend, Frank, coming?" Sam asked as they refilled the bowls, "Haven't seen him much since Shelly and Helen left."
"Working," Chris said, "he usually only works Friday and Saturday nights during school, but he said the extra tips they'll make tonight will make it worthwhile. Plus he's concentrating extra hard on his classes, says no way U of Chicago will reject him. I wonder why he's so determined..."
"I would guess," Sam's smile was almost as broad as Chris's, "it has nothing to do with a certain blonde freshman already there..."
They gathered up the filled bowls and went out the side door, the warm evening followed a cold snap that meant a total lack of insects and kept most people outside.
"Bobby," Mel said, "where is this mystery woman of yours?"
"She's coming, said she'll be here a bit late," he shrugged, a nervous twitch in his eyes, Sam had seen plenty of the guys here so far with that twitch when facing Mel. It was subtle but she'd used the same reddish-black eye shadow on her areolas and the barely-there bustier offered regular views as she moved. Added to that her lack of underwear under the barely there skirt entranced onlookers as it swung.
But in this case Sam was pretty sure Bobby barely saw Mel, despite his habit of practically drooling when she was around him. She'd never seen the big guy in this mood.
"C'mon, prey," Mel hooked Chris, "time for you to go get our pizzas!"
Sam admired Chris's body, much slimmer than Bobby's but very well-defined. The tight leather pants showed his every part in fine detail, she'd heard about their adventures on the old front porch and bedroom window, they both enjoyed Mel's showing off and it was clear Chris was happy to do his part.
"Hey, Dave," Chris said to his TA, a not too successful Ranger, "wanna give me a hand with the pizzas? We need to run to the Pie."
Sam guessed he picked Dave as he was alone and looked a bit lost, Terry had his WWI flying ace helmet, goggles and jacket on and was sitting with a WWI-themed Pam on his lap, Sam didn't know WWI battlefield nurses showed that much cleavage. Both had beers and were talking to her friend Cheryl who was dressed as a tiger, her black face the only skin exposed by her tight and furry orange and black striped full body costume. A knot of folks around the Wizard and his Elven Queen and some soccer teammates in another group rounded out the attendees.
"Sure, Chris," he drained the last of his beer and stood. Sam decided to follow them out as Mel led Chris and Dave followed, soft nods showed he and Sam agreed that was the best angle. Sam noticed the attractive boy and girl pair dressed as matching pirates followed but they ducked through the side door and into the house. She'd find them later and get to know them, she'd heard the boy was a biology undergrad, the costume made it hard to be sure but she had the idea she'd seen him around.
At the corner of the house she saw Ben and another soccer player and their girlfriends, then a couple more people behind them on the walk. Chris and Mel greeted them quickly, Sam smiled silently at the tight expressions the girlfriends tried to hide on seeing Mel, but Chris sent them to the back saying if they wanted hot pizza he needed to get going.
"What the hell...," Chris said most of the way down the driveway, he looked toward the road where a low, throaty throb approached from the right, headlights indicated a car on the way, "that's a muscle V8, big ass carb... Fucking hell... They don't make anything like that anymore..."
Sam, Mel and Dave looked quizzically at him as he spoke in tongues but he stared at the road as an old but beautifully painted and maintained maroon red Mustang drove slowly past, obviously the source of the sound. The driver was obscured but slowed as if locking in the house, then pulled off to apparently find a parking spot.
"1971 Boss 351 'Stang... holy hell," said Chris, "I'm going to kill whoever's driving that car and take it. I like my old car but that's almost the best Ford ever built."
They heard the sound cut off a couple of houses away, then a car door close.
"I don't know ANYONE with a Boss 351," Chris said, "oh, holy, holy, fucking holy hell."
Three sets of eyes stared anew at him, worried expressions at his sudden and obvious insanity.
"It's Bobby's girlfrie...," he started, then stopped.
Sam's mouth dropped open as a tall, six foot at least, woman stepped around the bushes and stopped at the base of the driveway, four sets of eyes stared at her.
"That costume, it's perfect. It's the best I've ever seen," said Mel, the first one to recover.
Sam wasn't sure if it was the one piece costume or the pale, incredibly pale, skin, so much on display. Over the calf boots, then the blue with white stars bottom section cut so high her nice but not overly wide hips were bared, a gold faux-whalebone bustier and a red breastplate that perfectly highlighted her very large bust with a bit more coverage than Sam's, her tiara perfectly placed in her dark brown hair. The woman's face was rounder and softer than her figure seemed to countenance and was quite attractive if not quite beautiful.
'She's not albino,' Sam thought, she knew she was pale but compared to this woman, she was practically Cheryl.
"Thank you," the woman said, her voice added to her oddness in Sam's mind, "I'm Anna. Is this the place where I will find Bobby?"
Chris was right, thought Sam. Wow. This was Bobby's secret girlfriend.
"He's in the back," Mel pointed with the hand not holding Chris's leash, "I'm Mel and this is my prey Chris."
Chris smiled and lifted his hand, a slightly embarrassed look on his face Sam took from hoping no one would tell Anna what he wanted to do to her and not the leash.
"Yes, Bobby told me all about both of you," Anna said in that weird, inflection-less voice, "and you're Sam, the redhead."
Sam lifted her hand in greeting.
"I'm Dave," the last of the quartet said to Anna's nod and continued smile.
"Head on back," Mel said, "going to send this one off on an errand and I'll be heading back too."
"Thank you," Anna said, she strode in low heels, Mel matched her height only because of her own, exceptionally high heels. As she did Mel unhooked Chris and turned to watch Anna.
Sam turned as well but heard two quiet voices.
"You saw her eyes?"
"Green," Chris said, "So pale. Tall. Green eyes..."
"Go get the pizzas," Mel kissed him quickly, "I'll be here."
"Peter had a car like that," Dave said in his own monotone, "not that color and kinda beat up. Sounded like that too."
Sam glanced at Mel and Chris as they silently turned their eyes to Dave then back to each other. Chris put his hand to Mel's chin and pulled her for a quick but deep kiss. She couldn't read the thoughts they silently shared.
"Let's go, Dave," Sam watched Chris give a final smile as he led Dave to his car which was parked in front of the house, she turned and followed Mel who walked purposefully toward the back yard.
"I'm a tad confused," Teresa said in a soft voice as she stood next to Sam, a bit apart from most of the milling crowd. She'd replaced her pseudo-martini with a pale beer ultimately delivered from San Francisco, Sam had followed suit. Chris and Dave had returned with the pizzas and spread them out on the picnic table and the hordes had descended. A few people were still working on slices, others had just drinks, the close to thirty people spread amongst a few groups.
Sam and Teresa watched as Bobby and Anna stood next to each other, he worked the taps as she rubbed his muscular back with one hand and took samples of the beer as he handed them to her. He'd held off until Chris returned to introduce her around, they'd met in a microprocessor design course meant for senior CS undergrads and first-year grad students in related fields.
"About? Makes sense she'd be in that course if she's doing bioengineering. Pretty new subject though. She's cutting edge."
"Not that, my angel. Look at those two, I've seen Bobby leer plenty, hell, Mel handles him like a champ. But he looks... so happy."
"Didn't know he had it in him," Sam said as she took a long swig.
"And so does she. If only I had someone who looked at me like that..."
The elbow in the ribs wasn't very angelic.
"Anyway," Teresa said with a chuckle, "I get how she looks at him. But she sounds like, hell, she sounds absolutely the same no matter what. But they're clearly smitten."
"Speaking of smitten," Sam said as she drained her plastic cup of beer, "where the hell is the demon and her prey?"
"Oh..., hmm, I've never heard Mel so quiet as she was since Anna arrived, after Bobby introduced her I saw her tug Chris, they're inside somewhere."
"Weird," the redhead shook her head, "need a refill? I do."
She took the proffered cup and went to join the small scrum of others with similar ideas, Terry and Pam walked with the Barbarian and the Amazon, all had full cups, Anna towered over most except for her boyfriend who beat her in height, if only by fractions.
With wizardly aid Sam filled her two cups and his, she saw Jeanie come out of the house with a fresh lemonade, followed by Mel and Chris. Mel had Chris's Polaroid and he had his 35mm SLR with the flash attached.
"Okay everyone," Sam thought Mel's voice was off in some way, as if she was trying to sound like herself and not quite succeeding, "make yourselves decent. I'm going to take crappy pictures and Chris will take good ones. You can have the Polaroids and Chris can get you good ones once he develops them."
"We'll have an 8x10 glossy," Anna said, her arm around Bobby and his around her, Sam couldn't read Mel's face but she wondered if anyone else even noticed the demon's slight shiver.
"Cool," said Chris, over here, he stood them in a pool of light in front of the tall hedge separating their house from next door, "smile."
The shine of green from the tall, pale woman's eyes caught Sam's notice. She wondered what it would look like in the picture. Chris directed couples and a few other combinations as Mel ambushed people with the Polaroid and slowly seemed to come out of her funk.
"Roger," Chris asked his lab manager, "can you take this one? I want to get us. I know you've done some photography."
He gathered the housemates and Sam, Mel and Pam and Roger took a picture, they added Bobby and Anna and he took one more. Chris thanked him.
"Next request," Chris said, "it's just past eight. We promised the neighbors we'd keep it down so if everyone can move inside we can keep going. We'll leave the beer out here but we have three floors. Plenty of room!"
To a round of cheers and 'salut' people grabbed chairs and filed into the house.
"You okay, Mel?" Sam asked her as she threaded angel and demon arms as they trailed behind the crowd that had disappeared inside.
"Oh, Sam, yeah," she said but without her full brio, maybe she was tired thought Sam, "it's ok. Doubt anything will happen tonight."
A KPUD TV mobile news van that stopped at the edge of the driveway left Sam's 'what the fuck you talking about' stuck in her throat. A black-suited figure hopped out of the passenger side, it was a woman. Obviously a woman, as she and Mel drew near they saw she was dressed in what was apparently a skin-tight one piece costume and a mask that covered her face and head above the base of her nose and had two, peaked ears sticking up. She was medium-tall, mid five feet something, although the tall heels made that harder to gauge. Her chest wasn't quite Anna's but was still impressive in the suit. She slid open the side door of the van as a man with a three day growth of beard and a KPUD baseball cap walked around. He hefted a portable camera from just inside the open side door.
The woman had a microphone but held it down along her thigh, as if to indicate it wasn't being used.
"Hi," a modulated voice, smooth and just above Mel's timbre, without the demon's usual bit of rasp, "I'm Cat."
Sam and Mel turned when they heard footsteps behind them to see Anna and Bobby.
"There you are, my Amazon friend," Cat said, "I found you."
"I am here," no change in her intonation although a broad smile, "and this is my Bobby."
"So," Cat, apparently, said, speaking to Mel and Sam, "we've been gathering Halloween festivities from all age groups. Anna's a friend of mine and mentioned you all, would you mind if we caught some footage?"
Sam's mind reeled, Anna had been in town barely over a month and knew TV people? She'd never heard a Valley lifer like Chris ever say he knew TV people here. Sam had been in town over a year and barely even watched the local TV so had no idea who this Cat might be.
Chris trotted up to the group, a few others had spilled out the side door and Sam could see what appeared to be everyone else stare through the now-open front door or the front window.
"They want to film us," Mel said to Chris, who scrunched his face then nodded.
"Ok," he said, then he turned to Cat, "I'll put it up to a vote. If everyone agrees, come on through I guess. Just don't get the outside of the house or ID our house number, ok?"
"That'll work," Cat said, her cameraman nodded as he stood behind her.
Chris nodded then turned and spread his arms to ask people to gather, the mass agreement was easily discernible by the group near the van. Sam and Mel shrugged and turned to head inside, followed by the TV crew.
"We'll start as we walk into the front door? I'll stand alone just inside it, do my intro, he'll come in as I back up and I'll ask people to introduce themselves? No need to use real names on camera if you don't want to, it's Halloween! Mac has release forms in that satchel, anyone we film needs to sign one, your real names, but we won't broadcast those unless you use 'em on camera."
"Anyone not wanting to be on camera can head to the basement?" Chris asked Cat, who nodded.
"Oh, you, demon?" Cat said, Mel turned just outside the doorway, "We definitely hope we can get you and this angel together?"
"Fine by me," Sam said, then she held up the looped leash attached to Mel's waist, "and you need to get her with her leash on her prey!"
Chris smiled tightly at that. Sam wondered if his parents or his sister watched KPUD. Or any of a hundred other relatives did.
Anna
Anna and her barbarian stood at the back of the large upstairs rec room as Chris turned the big screen TV to the 10 pm KPUD news. Almost everyone else was sitting or standing and cheered a bit. It had apparently been a slow news day as "Cat's" report had been teased a couple of times. After the depressing weather report elicited groans it was on.
Anna felt the anticipation grow as "Cat" surveyed children's parties but a cheer went up when the Wizard and the Elven Queen appeared, Cat congratulated them on the imminent arrival of their "beautiful elven baby!"
"And now," the costumed reporter continued, "has this succubus captured her prey?"
An even bigger cheer as a beaming Mel stepped into frame leading the leashed, smiling Chris, the camera worked hard to convey Mel's long legs and luscious body without straying into an R rated segment, his tautly defined body clear to all, his apparent excitement as well. Her slightly sideways stance showed off her wings and her tail but only just obscured her rouged nipple and areola.
"Or can this sweet angel rescue him?" Was Sam's cue to take Chris's arm opposite Mel wearing her own beaming smile and only moderately more covered. She'd even put the white high heels back on for her cameo and walked smoothly enough in them, angled to show one feathered wing and a bit less rounded breast.
The segment ended as the camera panned across everyone as Cat said "from somewhere between heaven... and hell... this is your Cat reporting on Halloween."
"But does he WANT to be rescued?" someone said amongst the cheers, causing the noise to jump once more.
Anna noticed as the cute, curvy redheaded angel looked at her as if she was going to say something, but she just shrugged and went with Teresa to join the crowd and teased Chris. The other girl, this Mel, had done wonders with her costume, Anna thought, perfectly in tune with what her studies of the myths and the stories of her ex-lover had put in her mind a succubus should be. Anna smiled a bit at the thought that THIS was the girl's natural form, the sexy, ebullient whirlwind that her barbarian was so in love with was the disguise. She'd learned early in her education to recognise that emotion in one who was her lover, THAT was her test, convince him to move those feelings to her. It was a good start so far she felt. And she had plans.
In addition to the housemates and their partners there were only a handful of others still at the party as the Barbarian and the Amazon said their good nights a bit before midnight, most had taken their leaves after the news report. Anna had enjoyed meeting everyone this evening and was quite impressed with the efforts many had gone with what they wore, she knew they couldn't simply transmit pictures and have a perfect costume delivered. She knew that was cheating but Jayne had convinced her that was the only way she'd get something to fit properly. Jayne had no such problems, her proportions perfectly in line for her catsuit. Her one order to Anna had been to refer to her only as 'Cat.' Easy enough as they'd hardly spoken, and as it turned out Anna and Bobby were only on camera for a moment during the final sweep.
She'd watched Chris and Bobby move the mostly-empty kegs in their containers into the garage next to two motorcycles. The CO2 cylinder would keep it fresh for tomorrow night after racquetball. She'd agreed to attend but said she'd decide after watching whether to play or not on another night, athletics hadn't been a big part of her life she claimed.
She leaned into Bobby's muscular shoulder as they strolled down the driveway and along the sidewalk to her car. At the car he lifted the broadsword in its scabbard over his shoulder by its strap and set it in the trunk, she pushed it closed softly to not disturb the neighbors. She held Bobby's hand as he stepped over the curb onto the grass alongside the rear of her car, she nudged him and he turned to face her. His arms went around her shoulders as she reached around the small of his back. She leaned in and he returned the sentiment, his kiss hard, she moved a hand to his chin and guided him for the second round, as she remembered being taught in her turn.
He didn't fight her, as she hadn't fought then.
Their mouths worked into a firm but not overly hard meeting, their tongues made slow but steady acquaintance, he must have decided the best course was to let her lead and reply in kind. She didn't mind. She was desperate for this contact but she knew best would be to build this to a hopefully inevitable crescendo. She rubbed the exposed parts of his chest and stomach, muscles hard beneath slightly goose pimpled flesh in the air that had finally cooled. His hands were up and down her bare back, seemingly unaware or uncaring that her skin failed to respond to the chill air as did his.
Or maybe it was her thigh that rubbed against the firm flesh in his loincloth that prevented him caring. She knew the overall body size of a man didn't mean every proportion might match but in this case it appeared it would.
"Ready for your ride home," she said softly, but without other inflection, "my sweet barbarian prince?"
"I live alone, my red, white and blue Amazon," he said with more inflection, "no housemates to trip over and disturb."
"Good," she said as she nudged him to the passenger door and produced her key from a hidden pouch, "because I'm going to make you scream."
She pressed her left ass cheek against the hand that was gripping it as they kissed one last time before he folded himself into the passenger seat, he reached across, unlocked her door as she walked around and got in. The thrum that she so loved followed as she turned the key, his left hand rubbed her right arm and hand as it handled the stick shift and she pulled the car slowly away, making as little noise as possible but this car refused to pass unnoticed.
Sam
Sam slipped quietly out of bed, tried to not disturb a sleeping Teresa. The digital clock said 1:15, a raucous bout of sex hadn't knocked her out. She licked her lips and tasted her lover again, smiled, but Mel's earlier unease had infected her and she decided water would be nice. There was enough light to allow her to see a t-shirt in a pile of clothes, she lifted it and sniffed, it was one of Teresa's. It fit her much curvier body quite snugly but was long enough to allow minimal modesty, Dave had crashed on the sofa on the main level, too drunk to walk home easily but had refused the offer of the upstairs fold out bed.
She slipped out and quietly closed the door, went up the first flight of stairs and noticed the glow at the top of the next flight, a quick check she heard Dave's light snoring. Out of the basement the house still held some of the day's heat but she heard the wind outside that heralded the coming change. Were Mel and Chris still awake?
She filled a large, plastic cup with water and padded barefoot up the carpeted stairs, there was indeed light in Chris's room. She took a deep drink then tapped on the door.
"Chris? Mel?"
A heartbeat. Mel's voice, just audible.
"Come on in Sam. We're awake."
Sam opened the door slowly and stepped in, the overhead light was off but both side table lamps were on. Mel and Chris were both sitting cross-legged on the bed and Sam swallowed as she took in the scene.
Chris was naked, save for his choker which had the leash attached. Black fingernails blindly wrapped the other end of the leash around his obvious erection and rubbed it. Mel's shoes were discarded by the side of the bed but she still had her stockings and skirt on, her position gave Sam a clear view of her pussy with its tuft of black hair. She was naked from the waist up, except for her half-hidden horns. The hand not playing with Chris had hold of her devil's tail and was idly caressing her own right nipple with the triangular tip. Chris's right hand made a circuit as it rubbed up her thigh and along her pussy. His other hand managed a set of papers spread on the bed that both sets of eyes seemed to study. His chest had what was apparently a permanent diamond outlined in dark blue, a fine tracery of red lines still looked like a soccer ball.
"Oh, hey," Sam said, "not disturbing anything am I?"
Mel looked at her and smiled broadly and seemed to shake the hard penis in welcome.
"No, angel, in fact we could use your advice. Let me have a sip of that water and sit."
Chris looked up and smiled too as Mel indicated a spot alongside Chris with the devil's tail. Sam raised one eyebrow but closed the door quietly and walked over. Mel dropped the tail to take the cup as Sam sat herself on the bed. She hesitated for an instant then shrugged and sat cross-legged, Mel smiled and her tongue touched her lips for an instant as Sam simply let the t-shirt rise to expose her matted red pubic hair, bushier than Mel's despite her having picked up the trimming habit from the demon.
Help me," Mel said as she touched Sam's right hand with the leash, pulled it to Chris's prick. She followed the leash and felt the hard flesh as it jerked slightly at her touch. Mel's hand and the leash joined hers. Mel took a long drink then handed the cup back to Sam's left hand and grabbed her tail again.
"So, uh," Sam stammered slightly, "what's up."
The papers had yellow highlighting but were otherwise some sort of incredibly strange text that had way too many parentheses and words like 'car,' 'cdr,' 'cons' and such.
"What is this stuff?" Sam asked, utterly perplexed, occasional words in yellow highlighter like 'Carole,' 'succubus,' 'green,' 'buzzy buzzy,' just made it more confusing. Another piece of paper had two lines of neat, cursive writing on it but was otherwise empty.
"It's LISP," said Chris, "a computer language."
"Take his word for it," Mel said, "and don't ask him to explain. PLEASE!"
A snort from Chris.
"We need to know if we're insane," Mel said, her tone of seriousness one that gave Sam pause, "after meeting Anna tonight."
"Anna? She seemed, well, yeah, she's an odd one. But I think she and Bobby are going to make the most gigantic children the world has ever seen."
Sam hoped her jocular comment would lighten the mood but if anything it had the opposite effect on two of the three people she'd come to love more than any others. Their smiles went slightly grim.
"That's actually what we're thinking might happen," Chris said, "actually, worried that's what will happen."
Sam's turn to stare at first one, then the other, serious expression. She just shook her head slightly, her mouth open, unable to work out words to use.
"Ok," Mel said, "you know we believe it was an alien satellite that crashed?"
Sam nodded.
"And that CS guy Peter was kidnapped by those same aliens? That Carole was one or working for them?" Another nod.
"Chris has been working with code Peter wrote, and I told you he stuck in comments about 'green eyes' and 'Carole' and stuff?"
"Yeah," Sam said, she pointed to papers with her free hand, how Chris was still hard was beyond what she thought she knew about cocks, though she didn't consider her knowledge extensive, "oh, ok, this stuff."
"Yup," Chris picked up the story, then nodded at the handwritten page, "but that paper there is supposedly from something they found in the crash."
"Jess...," Sam said slowly, before turning her eyes to the paper, "at the park."
Chris nodded. The writing was easy to read.
'Carole's crazy green eyes.'
'Tall. So pale. Green eyes.'
"Tall, pale. Green eyes. Green... eyes...," Sam said slowly, "tall, pale, with green eyes."
She looked at Chris then Mel, their soft smiles invited her to join them in insanity.
"It was supposedly written in English, on some sort of flat computers made out of glass, or something like that. Not like anything we have on Earth. Peter mentions lots about Carole and her 'crazy green eyes' in his code but we know she wasn't much over five feet tall."
"But," Sam said, then she took a breath, "but Anna's tall as fuck, pale as a ghost... And when you took that picture of her and Bobby, the green when your flash went off was, um, crazy."
"Yeah," said Chris, "I can't wait to develop those pictures."
"We'll make sure she and Bobby get their 8x10," Mel said with a smile, Chris chuckled.
"One other thing," Chris said, to get a nod from Sam, "you heard Dave say Peter had a Boss 351 Mustang. Different color, he told me more about it. That color of Anna's car isn't factory, well, I don't think it is, but it's definitely been repainted, missing some stripes the originals had. I have a relative who I can call tomorrow. He'll know. Our misspent youths as motor heads. There weren't that many Boss 351s built back in 1971, they were pretty prized. There can't be that many still around after fourteen years."
"Are you saying that was HIS car?" Sam exclaimed.
"Maybe," Mel said, "one advantage of too many relatives. Dave and Roger say Peter didn't have anything to do with his family so maybe they didn't keep the car."
"You two think Anna's an, um," Sam's mind simply stopped, she wished she'd had much more alcohol, she'd be passed out right now, "you think she's an... an alien???"
"Like we said," Mel took a slow breath, Chris just smiled with a crooked head turn at her, "are we insane?"
Sam licked her lips, felt Mel's fingers and they both squeezed Chris's cock and rubbed each other, as if reaching for comfort.
"Do you believe the note?"
"Yeah," Chris said, "Jess said she overheard her father. She also said he's scared as fuck. So is she, thinks we might be able to help. And it has to be someone with insider info, even most of Peter's old workgroup haven't read his code, wouldn't know about 'green eyes' and the like."
"And you two aren't going to forget about this?"
Both Mel and Chris looked at her, their mouths tight for a moment, then their faces lightened and they looked at each other.
"It's our satellite," Mel said, "well, the crashed one is mine. The two still up there are ours even if no one cares anymore. As I've mentioned, Black Cloud here crashed the one so he could get his cock up my ass. Too bad he got carried away and blew up that star too!"
Sam felt the insanity as it tried to seep into her brain as Chris snorted and leaned into Mel, the tip of her devil's tail pressed lightly to the twitching head of his prick.
"Why would aliens," Sam tried to keep the insanity at bay, "like Carole and Anna, be here? In secret? What do they want?"
"Isn't that obvious," Mel brightened even more, "they want our men. They're going to outfuck us human women until all of the men go to their side and they take over the earth. Might be fine with Teresa but I'm not quite of the same feeling!"
Sam started to laugh, thought that this was all an involved joke, but even though Mel was smiling her tone wasn't entirely jovial.
"You're serious, aren't you," Sam said, another open mouth moment as Mel raised her eyebrows and they both nodded.
"Lots we don't know yet, so we'll just keep an eye on Anna... while I'm sure she's keeping an eye on us," Chris said as he gathered the papers into a pile and Mel stood, took them and took the water cup from Sam and delivered it all to the desk a few steps away. Then she returned, got onto the bed on her knees, lifted the still attached leash.
"So, I'm going to demonstrate to this one that a human woman fucks better than any alien ever could. Why don't you sit on his face while I do that, unless..."
Mel pushed Chris onto his back just behind her, Sam's mouth dropped open as she understood what was being offered. She bit her lower lip. She shook her head slightly as she lifted her t-shirt off and Mel smiled and pulled her tail around to wave it at her as if to confirm the agreement.
Mel helped her balance as she straddled Chris's face, leaned forward a bit as she felt his tongue run the length of her slit, Mel straddled his crotch as she lowered herself and pushed his shaft into her body, her mouth opened by degrees as it achieved full penetration, she stopped and adjusted. Mel leaned in and kissed Sam deeply and slowly as three sets of hands worked at two sets of tits identical in shape, Mel's large, reddish-black shadowed nipples the contrast to two firm but smaller pink buds.
Mel ground her body on Chris and pumped vertically, paused every few strokes to allow him to use his strong thighs to pump up into her. Sam moaned as she admired his impressively skilled tongue. Especially for a boy! Mel's and Sam's tongues fought for dominance. Sam changed the game and reached down to finger Mel's erect clit as her fingertips felt the moisture running down Chris's pumping shaft. Mel returned the favor and she felt her third orgasm of the night coming. She squeezed Chris's head with thighs and groaned into Mel's mouth as the she came, the demon lifted and Chris sped up his pumping, she heard him moan.
As he was at the bottom of a pump Mel released Sam's mouth and half-leaped off of him, at the same time she turned sideways and put her hand on the back of Sam's neck as her eyes opened. She saw Chris's wet, gleaming cock, then Mel's demonic smile as she pressed on Sam's neck. Her climax-fogged brain didn't consciously understand but she obeyed.
Sam leaned forward and took half of Chris's cock into her mouth and closed her lips around it as a hot gush of cum sprayed onto her tongue and down her throat, Mel's tangy and Chris's sharp taste combined in her mouth. She held like that for one more squirt before she had to lift and coughed. A hand moved her slightly as a mass of black hair and horns filled her view, she heard slow, deep sucking sounds and her own, ragged breathing.
Mel rose, licked her lips, then she kissed Sam deeply. She pushed the redhead so they laid on each side of Chris, he kissed first Sam, then Mel, as they shared the mingled cum.
The full force of the fatigue that had been missing found Sam, she felt Chris roll away to land on top of Mel, obviously intent on a repeat. Sam decided she'd just sleep here, Teresa would understand. As she faded she smiled as she felt the bed bounce with the violence of Chris's thrusts met by Mel's moans and equally forceful hips to ensure his flesh drilled fully into the demon again and again, liquid squelches and body on body hits Sam's lullaby. This was not the sedate lovemaking she'd just joined. This was boys and girls in unrestrained flight.
That aliens. Even tall, green eyed, pretty, female aliens with awesome figures could think to match that. What a dream she thought, to know you're dreaming.
*****