Succubus Coed 03: Daughter
She's an independent woman
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Let the horror return.
= = = = = = = = = =
This weekend will be our daughter's eighteenth birthday. I wasn't supposed to be able to have children the normal way, anymore, but I figured out a loophole. Since my spirit would prevent conception, I had to find a way to conceive with my spirit absent. So, Terry and I took a vacation to DC. We stayed downtown, and stayed in a nice hotel for two months. The first several days, I managed to have sex with the help, and used my influence to get them to ignore my barely-breathing body when they saw it. Terry would have sex with me, often while the help came.
When we had them trained to expect this; I then left my body. To maintain my energy, I would feed off the people in the hotel, and nearby places. That's why I wanted a heavily populated area. Terry fucked me often, and I shared some of the energy I was receiving with him, so he could sex me a dozen times a day. Without my spirit, my body reacted with instinctive sex when Terry did me.
When two months had passed, I returned to my body. It felt strange, but after a few days, I was back to normal, and best of all, I tested pregnant. The last few days, I made the rounds of the hotel staff, so they were sure I was okay. Nine months later, I gave birth, and Richard Julie Thomson was born. She was named with my dad's middle name, and Terry's mother's middle name. I told Terry that I wanted to honor dad, since he raised me, so he allowed the name. But we called her Julie most of the time. About the only odd thing was that she continued to suckle until she was four.
We brought her up, and she was a girly girl, into unicorns, faeries, and other such cute things. By the time she was ten, we were letting her decide what clothes to buy. When puberty hit, her clothing preferences changed. We were strict about what she wore outside of the house.
When she was sixteen, her clothing became more like mine. Terry and I talked about it, and decided she was old enough to make her own choices. But now, she was about to turn eighteen. She was clearly looking forward to having all her friends over for her birthday.
Finally, the time came for the party, and Julie had just come from her room after a long bath. She looked smoking, and Terry and I gave her our presents. As Terry and I went out for the rest of the day, he said, "Did you see what she was wearing?"
"Yes. Quite provocative."
"When she hugged you with that microskirt, she lifted her legs, and from the side, I saw she wasn't wearing underwear."
"And her crop top was showing a lot of underboob. I bet if she lifts her arms, her nipples show."
"... I think you're right. Think she'll still be a virgin when we get back?"
"I doubt it. Hopefully, we've instilled her with enough sense to use condoms. She knows where I keep a stock."
We had a nice tour of the local museum, then dinner, and finally a movie, before we came home. As expected, everyone was gone, and the place was a mess, but we found Julie watching a movie. What surprised us was that she no longer had her top on.
"We're back."
She jumped up, her D-cup breasts bouncing, and ran to us, and hugged us, saying, "This was the best birthday ever."
Terry said, "Julie, your top."
"I don't care if, or who sees them. I think they're lovely. Don't you?" She then grabbed them and lifted them to present them to us.
I said, "Yes, dear. But if you show them off all the time, you'll get a reputation. However, I see a big mess here. You shouldn't leave this big mess for the help."
She pouted, and said, "Yes, mom."
Terry said, "Julie, you know who's responsible, and it's not your mom."
She sighed, and said, "I do, dad. Okay, I'll clean up."
We said goodnight, and went to bed for some slow sex, since we had the time. In the morning, with both of us naked, I was grinding on Terry, when suddenly Julie came in without knocking. The only reason she could not see Terry's dick was because he was deep inside me. I'm just glad I hadn't shifted to another form when it happened.
Terry said, "Julie, what have we said about knocking before entering?"
She just climbed onto the bed next to us, and she was wearing a lacy teddy that let her nipples poke through, and it was designed to show off her panties. However, she wasn't wearing any, so we could both see her pussy.
"If I had knocked, you would have stopped having sex, and would have hid under the covers. I'm old enough now for sex, and I want mom to teach me everything, and dad, I want to practice on that twelve-inch dick you have."
Terry looked shocked, so I said, "Julie, dear, that's incest. Not something you should be doing."
"Yeah, right. I'm not stupid, and I can add two plus two when we have family over. Besides, I'm a succubus."
Now, I was in shock. Terry, however, had recovered by then, and said, "How do you know this?"
"I got curious, and I found the book."
I said, "What book?"
"That one you keep hidden in the toolbox in dad's closet. Look what I can do." She grabbed the hem of her teddy and whipped it over her head, leaving her nude. Then she started playing with her clit, and it grew, and grew, and grew. Finally, it was nine inches long.
I said, "My god, you are a succubus."
Terry asked, "What else can you do?"
"This, but I need to orgasm first." She then started wanking with her clit, and when she came, she reached for her head and lifted. It came off. She placed it on the bed between us, looking up, and she said, "Just like the book said."
"... I can't do that. Where did the book say that?"
Her body got off the bed, and went to the closet, and pulled out the toolbox, then got the book. Standing next to the bed, her body leaned over and presented the book to her head, and she flipped the pages until she found it. Then she handed the book to me, pointing out the passage.
It said, "... after sufficient investment of sexual energy, you can achieve magical effects, such as detachment of body parts for a time."
"Oh my god. You are a succubus. I bet you got a lot at yesterday's orgy."
"Mom, we didn't have an orgy."
Terry said, "But that microskirt practically revealed your pussy when standing. No way they didn't see it when you sat. And your top. You weren't wearing it when we got home. Surely they saw."
"Oh, they saw, and I let them play with my breasts, but I only let them look at my pussy."
"But why?"
"Because, dad, I want you to take my virginity."
"Huh?"
"Yes, dad. I read that taking my virginity with incest is more powerful, so you must do it. And mom, You can make your clit long too, and we can scissor each other and fuck each other with our clits."
I said, "Oh my, that sounds interesting. Having my pussy fucked while I fuck another pussy."
Terry said, "But you're my daughter. I can't do that."
"Sure you can. How many times have you done mommy when she looked like me?"
"She's got you there, Terry."
"But... but..."
"Come on, dad, you know you want my pussy. Oops, still got the dick." She concentrated, and it disappeared. "Mom, you can teach me." She then pulled one of Terry's hands to her breast.
"But, precious, I don't know if I can?"
Julie then reached between us, and pushed me back so she could grab Terry's dick. "Sure you can. Just put this in me, and we can get started." She then moved to do it.
When I saw her put the tip in, and her muscles tensed too quickly, to push it in at one go, I said, "Stop. Ease it in, or the pain will be terrible. Do it slowly."
She slowly went down, then stopped long enough to pick up her head and reposition it on Terry's stomach so she could watch his dick go in her cunt. "I want to see everything up close." Then she continued easing down.
"How's it going?" I asked.
"It feels weird. I'm so full, but I want more. Oh! Something's in the way. What is it?"
"Haven't you paid attention in class? That's your hymen. It blocks your vagina to protect you when young. But you must pierce it to have sex. The trick is to do it slowly, and to confuse your body's pain with pleasure."
"Confuse it with pleasure? What do you mean?"
"If you do it when you come, you'll barely notice. Let me help." I leaned in and started sucking on her breast, while teasing the nipple of the other one. I learned she has another succubus ability - milk.
"Oh my! Keep doing that, and I'll come soon."
I broke off long enough to say, "Terry, play with her clit and anus."
He did, and Julie clearly responded. Less than a minute later, she came, and as she did, I pushed her down, causing Terry to pierce the hymen. Julie didn't notice.
"Terry, don't come in her. We don't want her to get pregnant."
"It's okay, mom. I'm on the pill."
"Huh? I thought you needed our permission to get that."
"Usually, but when I was fifteen, I convinced the intern to get me the prescription, and once I had it, I had no trouble getting it renewed."
"That shouldn't happen."
"Dad, don't worry. You know I've not had sex with anyone else. I didn't know if I could hold out until eighteen, and I wanted to be safe, just like you taught me."
I continued to guide her until they both came. I then said, "After sex, it's best to clean him off after, so you don't leave a mess."
At first, she tried to deepthroat him, but even semi-hard, he was too much for her.
So I told her to just lick everything clean, "And you can put the balls in your mouth to clean them." She did all that, then she licked herself clean. "Okay. That was your first lesson. Now go put the book back, and then get dressed for the day."
"Yes, mom." She grabbed the book, put it in the toolbox, and the toolbox in the closet.
She stood, and started to the door, so I said, "Julie?"
She stopped. "What?"
"Aren't you forgetting something?"
"Oh!" She reached over and grabbed her teddy, and turned to go.
"Julie?"
"What? So I'm nude. Let them see me."
"Where's your head?"
I saw her hands fly up, and find nothing above her shoulders. Her face, still between us, became flushed with embarrassment. Her body came back, and she collected her head, and put it back on.
"Julie, now that we know, forgetting your head in the privacy of your room or our room is no big deal. But to anyone else, it could give them the fright of their lives. So be very careful to literally 'have your head on straight' when others are about."
"Sorry, mom. It won't happen again."
"Good, then. Now go, 'cause I have unfinished business with Terry." I then put my hand on his erect dick and guided it into my pussy. She waved, then left, but forgot to close the door. Terry and I just rolled our eyes.
"She's going to be such a handful. I'm still not sure about doing her."
"It's okay, Terry. Unlike other guys, you do love her with your whole heart, and would never hurt her. And given that she seems to be a succubus also, she's going to be having a lot of sex now. At least, for the moment, we can guide her into the safer side of things."
Terry came twice more, and I came five more times, before we finished. Our discussion came to a consensus that I would teach her as she had asked, and she would practice on us both. It didn't take long for a new routine to form. She went to bed nude, and played with herself, sometimes detaching her head to eat herself out. She always remembered to put her head back on before going to sleep. In the morning, she would come straight into our room, and present her naked body for lessons, and we would teach her. I would teach her techniques with her hips and vagina to make a man enjoy it more. After that, I had her grow her clit to a dick, and then we would shift to giving oral, and work on deepthroating. I would show her by giving her oral on her dick, and she would imitate on Terry. I taught her how to please a woman. After we both came, I would make my clit grow, as well, and we would scissor each other. Lastly, I would teach her how to eat pussy, by sixty-nining her and have her do what I did. Then she would leave to take a shower, and Terry and I would have sex.
Another fact of supernatural life I also taught her, was about feeding, and how it can suck a person dry. I taught her to recognize it, and how to avoid problems. I also explained the risks it presented to her, if others learned of it, or suspected it.
The help, at first uneasy at her nudity, soon grew used to it, and so things settled down. Walter came for a weekend visit, and while he did have sex with me, I learned later that Julie had sex with him, as well. She said that it was okay 'cause we're a family that shares. I just rolled my eyes at that, and ignored it. I did tell Terry, so he wouldn't be surprised.
Summer came, and with it, also her acceptance letter from Randal University, my alma mater. We were proud she was accepted, and since they had gone coed, I wasn't worried about them. I should have worried about her.
Like me, she was going to live on campus, but what I didn't know was that she applied as Richard, not Julie. She told everyone to call her Dick. So when they assigned her a dorm, she had a guy for a roommate, and she was on a guy's floor. She must have heard Terry and I talk about it when she listened in on us. But it seemed she wanted to have my experience there. However, she was smart enough to not try the men's locker room. She convinced the guys that she'd happily have sex with them in the shower, as long as they didn't tell anyone in authority.
Since there was no dress code anymore, she wore see-through shirts, and miniskirts that barely covered her, when standing. She frequently had sex during the day when she didn't have a class, and she went out every night on a date, and had sex. The women on campus considered her a slut, and she relished it. But she made friends with them also, as she shared the lessons I had taught her, and she was also very willing to have sex with them. If they had sex on three dates, she showed them what she could do with her clit, and made their sex even better, since she knew how to use it well. She said her name was Dick - and she had one, too.
Shortly after the second semester started, we got a call about Julie. "Ms. Thomson?"
"Yes?"
"This is Poly, from Randal University. We have had some complaints about your daughter, Dick."
"Do you mean Julie?"
"Could be. She's registered as Richard J Thomson."
"I wonder why she's going by her first name?"
"I wouldn't know, ma'am. But apparently, she has been rather blatant about her sexual activities. Could you or your husband come and help us deal with this? I know she's a legacy student, and we'd like to have this blow over without a scandal."
"I see. Let me check my schedule... How about Thursday afternoon, sometime?"
"Hmm... Yes, 4:00 PM would be good. We can be finished in an hour, I'm sure."
"Great, see you then. Oh, can you have some information on how well she's doing in her classes? That might help to convince her."
"Sure thing."
She told me where to meet, and I remembered the place from when I went.
I was there an hour early. My license plate, 'BITCH4U', was noticed and approved by the students, as was my skimpy club uniform. I only worked one day a week, but went to Sunshine Point several days a week as a member. My uniform showed off my assets quite nicely. I saw at least two guys climax, as I walked about campus. I arrived just before the meeting, Poly welcomed me, and had me sit next to my daughter, as we were waiting for the dean, Mr. Rosenthall, to finish his call. A few minutes later, we went in.
His eyes instantly went to my tits, and rarely left them. "Hello, Ms. Thomson. Dick."
"Please call me Mike."
"Huh?"
"My dad really wanted a boy, and I've grown to like the name."
"Oh. Well, about your daughter here. As you can see, her attire is quite provocative, and she is known to have sex frequently. Worse, she somehow got assigned to the boys' dorm, and is sexing everyone there as well. Such is rather unbecoming of a legacy."
"Oh? As I recall, when I went here, I was a bit wild. I was the only girl, and you didn't even have any facilities for girls. I shared the guys' locker room and dorm, and as I recall, I, too, had sex every day when I went here. As for her attire, it looks fine to me." By this time, I had subtly shapeshifted my breasts to cause both nipples to slip out on display. "Tell me, what of her academic work?"
"Well, there's nothing much to report there."
"Oh? She had a three-point-eight on her report card, as I recall. Surely, her professors have had something to say about her work. Tell me, what did they say?"
It was like pulling teeth, but he finally admitted she was an excellent student, and that the only B she got was from a known misogynist.
"Well. It sounds like she should appeal the grade, and would likely win. Thus making her a straight-A student. I see no embarrassment."
"But what about being a whore?"
I stood at that, and said, "She is not a whore. She's a student, and one you should be proud of." Adjusting my appearance to be more like his fantasy woman, and using my power to alter his memory a little, I walked over to him, and pulled one of his hands up my own miniskirt, and said, "She is an excellent student, and you will make it known that being a nympho does not affect her scholastic abilities. As to her dorm situation, if it was good enough for me, it is good enough for her. If she wants sex, she is a consenting adult. You will encourage others to let her be and encourage her scholastic growth."
His eyes glazed over, but he responded, "Yes, Mike. She can keep her dorm room, and continue to be a nympho."
"Good. Now about those complaints, I want to see them."
"Yes, Mike." He picked up the phone, and said, "Poly? Please make a copy of the complaints, and bring them to my office." He then hung up.
I said, with his hand still on my pussy, "I want you to put in the paperwork to appeal the B, based on his misogynistic attitude, and also discipline him for it. If she earned an A, she should get an A, understood?"
"Yes ma'am." I went back to my chair, and noticed Julie, no, she's using Dick now, Dick was bug-eyed at what I did. I just smiled and winked at her and held a finger to my lips. She smiled and nodded.
Five minutes later, Poly came in with a folder and gave it to Mr. Rosenthall. She looked at me oddly, until I made her forget what I had looked like. When she left, he gave me the folder. I pulled out the papers, and stuffed them in my purse.
"Thank you for your assistance, Mr. Rosenthall. I'm glad you understand. Dick and I will be going now."
He rose, shook my hand, and eyes still on my exposed nipples, said, "It's been so nice to meet you, Mike. It's always nice to meet an alumnus."
We exited, and in the outer office, with Poly watching, I tucked my nipples back in. Looking at her, I said, "Men are so predictable, aren't they?" Then I smiled like the cat that ate the canary, and I could feel her lust, as well as Dick's.
Once out of the building, Dick couldn't hold it anymore. "Mom, how the hell did you do that?"
"You read the book. Don't you recall how to use lust to control?"
"I do, but it never works for me. In fact, very little works for me besides the clit-dick and head thing."
"You also have milk. What about girls?"
"That usually is good, but sometimes my dick scares them off."
"Well, I got this mess halfway straightened out."
"Huh? You fixed everything!"
"No. I fixed the dean. The complaints are still there, and others might come as well. Let's see who they are, and I want you to find them and introduce me. After I fix them, I'll get them to have sex with you so they feel they cannot complain about you anymore."
Her eyes bugged out, but I just pulled the papers out, and we read the first one. We went and found him, and while walking towards him, I changed into his fantasy while holding Dick's hand. I asked if we could speak in private, and after making a move on him, I pulled his hand so it was on my pussy.
"You will accept Dick's sexuality, and encourage others to accept it, as well. Okay?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"To show your commitment, I want you two to have sex."
"But I'm married!"
"This is not about being faithful. It is about accepting others as sexual beings. Dick, please take off your clothes." She did quickly. "Now you, as well." I then backed off, and he took off his clothes. I nodded to Dick, and she went up to him and proceeded to have sex.
After he came, Dick got off and cleaned him up with her mouth, and dressed. I moved in and pulled a hand back to my pussy, and said, "You also had sex with me, treasure it, and you will let Dick be herself. Now get dressed."
We left, and I said, "One down, four to go."
I sorted through the complaints, and we went to the other three men, and did essentially the same. The last, however, was a woman. I said, "Dick, being the fantasy of a woman is often a bit harder, because the fantasy is of a man. But I can do it. Watch and learn." She nodded.
Apparently, she liked the look of the Spartans from the movie '300'. We circled around the halls a bit, as I changed from F-cups to the near flat and chiseled chest of a Spartan warrior. I took off my top and put it in my purse, and had my skirt appear as a loincloth like in the movie. By the time we approached her, my dick was partly hanging out, and she couldn't keep her eyes off of it. I walked right up to her, and placed her hand on my dick, and did my spiel.
She wasn't into women, so I said, "I have a special treat for you." I looked over at Dick and said, "Dick, show her your dick."
Dick's eyes lit up, and in seconds, her clit was a nine-inch dick. The woman's eyes got big, and Dick went up to her, and pulled her other hand to her own dick.
"Remember, this is a secret, so don't tell anyone she can grow a dick. Now go, enjoy it." I watched as they had sex, and both came several times.
Afterwards, we ate at the local pizza shop, and Dick had lots of questions. By the time the extra-large pie was done, I had come to the conclusion that she couldn't be a succubus, but must be something else. But what? We said our goodbyes, French kissing for the onlookers, then I drove home.
It took two months of visiting libraries, before I found the answer. I went looking like many different people, used sex to gain access to the rare book collections of seven of the libraries, and even managed to gain access to a Catholic library using money rather than sex. I smiled inwardly at that, but their library, for all the proscribed information it had, wasn't the one that had the answer. I actually found it in the San Jose Public Library. Seems Silicon Valley people like occult stuff, and they funded the public library quite well.
She was a Dullahan, that is one who can separate one's head from one's body. Dullahan are also a kind of ghost, but Dick's alive, not a ghost. At least, not yet. I also found an explanation for her milk and ability with her clit. Apparently, I'm not the only succubus to try to have children the usual way. We can conceive, but it is quite rare. Most babies are stillborn, and the few that live are often psychotic. While being a nympho might be considered a mental disease, Dick is not psychotic, so I somehow avoided that. But others have adopted, and since they can nurse, some have even taken infants. It was their tales that led to my discovery that the prolonged contact of nursing can transfer some abilities. Since she nursed for four years, she probably had more than just milk and the clit-dick ability, but we'd have to figure out what it was. I told Terry when I found out, but we waited for her to come back for the summer before telling her. After she did some research, she learned to take her head off at will, without needing sex.
She usually would tan nude in the backyard, and didn't bother to dress when friends came over. Given all I had read, I knew of many different manifestations of succubi powers, and a few dullahan ones, as well. In the mornings as she had sex with us, we tried to identify what she could do. We spent a few weeks, and our final conclusion was that she could sense lust, and even sense enough of the perfect fantasy to adjust her actions to be like the desired fantasy. On the other side, she could sense good and evil in people. We thought she might get supernatural strength if she was sufficiently motivated against evil, but we couldn't really test that.
Despite all this, Terry said she should go looking for a job. I suggested exotic dancing, as it paid well, and she had a hot body, but Terry suggested she look into something that would last longer than a few years. He suggested she take courses in other areas to see what she wanted to do.
She went back to Randy U, and again dorming with the guys, she signed up for several different classes to stretch her view of possibilities. She also got work at a local strip club, and on ladies' night, she went as 'The Masked Futa'. When she removed her bottoms, everyone saw her dick, as well as the fact she had a pussy. Turned out it paid well, and she had both male and female customers demanding their turn. While she couldn't make people think she was a new girl at the place like I did, she did enthrall by playing to men's fantasies.
She was visiting at Christmas, when she said, "Yeah, I joined the track team, and the guys and I get along fine."
"Randy U has women's track?"
"No."
"You're on the men's team?"
"Um... yeah."
"How did you manage that?"
"Well, one of the guys you confronted, and let me have sex with, is the track coach. I just told him that I wanted to follow in my mother's footsteps and join the track team. He was hesitant, so I lifted my miniskirt and said I'd have sex with him. He folded."
"Oh dear. Terry, I think I've created a monster."
"Too late, Mike, she was already a monster, just like her mother." He smiled as he said that, and I grinned back.
We continued to talk about her life at Randy U, and she broke down and admitted she worked at a strip club, but her grades weren't suffering. She even showed us she was still a straight-A student. We congratulated her, and soon enough, she went back to Randy U.
The next summer, she got a job as a hotel maid, which surprised me, but she said it gave her a chance to see lots of people, and many times, she ran into single men, where she could have sex. So, of course, she got good ratings. She also continued part time when school started, and started helping out the masseuse at the hotel. She finally decided she wanted to become a masseuse and run her own business, and chose to get an MBA. She took masseuse classes from her earnings at the strip club. And got her license and degree at the same time.
The degree followup program was still there, and they helped her to open her own parlor. While it was rough the first year, her stripping income managed to keep her in business, as she learned the hard lessons of a single proprietorship. The second year, she turned a tiny profit, as she now had regular clientele, and a reputation for delivering the perfect massage. She hired several people, mostly Randy U students, as her employees, and expanded her business slowly. It didn't hurt that the uniform was a topless miniskirt for women, with optional panties, and bare chested men with tight shorts. The customers liked seeing tits and buff chests, and her miniskirt showed an inch of her vagina while standing.
While sex was not on the menu, it happened often. Somehow, and no one was sure, she learned to detect the cops when they came looking to see if she was crossing the line and selling sex. She was also able to alert the others when the detectives came in. I advised her to make friends with the cops, as it would go much easier with her and her employees, if the cops liked her. I suggested she give the cops crime tips they learned of, and also discount or free massages.
She later told me that she gave the regular cops on the beat free massages, and they usually ended up with her having sex with them.
Two years later, there was a fire. It took out the entire strip mall where her parlor was, and many died. Quite a few people were missing, and there were a number of unidentified, burnt bodies. Our daughter was one of the missing. We did all we could to find her. The fire was quickly found to be arson, and a few days later, they arrested the owner of the property. The next night, they found him dead, in his cell, by decapitation. In the morning, Dick was found sleeping on the ground behind the jail, wearing her parlor uniform of a microskirt and tennis shoes. They had to confirm her identification by her fingerprints, since she couldn't find her wallet.
We were called, and Terry went to pick her up, and brought her home. I fixed her a sandwich, and gave it to her on a plate with some orange slices. She sat down at the table, and I got her a beer. She ate slowly, not caring that she was in her work outfit. When she finished, I suggested she get a shower, and then we could talk about what happened.
A few moments after the shower stopped, I heard, "Mom? Did you take my stuff to wash?"
"No. Why?"
"I can't find my shoes or skirt."
"Don't worry about it now. Just use a towel for now."
A few minutes later, she came out with a towel on her head, to dry her hair, but she was otherwise nude, and joined us in the living room. When she saw the butler, she asked him for another beer.
As we talked, I kept feeling something was off about her, but couldn't quite figure it out. Terry was a lot more concerned about her, as she had lost several days' memory, apparently. She was confused at the loss, but believed us. We spoke about the loss of her business, and how she would have to work at the strip club a lot to recover, if the insurance fails.
After she finished her beer, I said, "You look tired. Why don't you go to sleep?"
"That sounds like a good idea." She grabbed a cover, and threw it over herself, as she settled into the chair.
Terry and I watched her, and had a quiet conversation. We discussed what she might be able to do next. Then Terry noticed something.
"Mike, something's happening. Look at our daughter."
I did, and saw what was happening. The cover she had placed over herself was slowly lowering to the chair, and her body seemed to be going right through it.
"That can't be happening."
"No it can't, yet it is. It's going right through her."
Once it was all the way through, I got up quietly, and carefully touched her hip. Or rather, I tried. My hand seemed to meet a little resistance, but passed through. I tried several different places, but it was the same. There was no reaction from her, and she even seemed to fade a bit. I then tried to see what I could feel with my supernatural senses.
Whoa! That was powerful. There was a powerful sense of righteousness, and when I was able to handle it, I felt under that was the lust our little nympho usually had.
"Terry, something has happened to her. I was able to sense her spirit, and it is just as strong as before, but there is now a powerful aura of righteousness. Yet, when I went to feel her body, there was almost nothing there."
"What do we do?"
"I don't know. She might be able to tell us, but she might not. But for now, she needs us."
"Yeah, you're right. Let's watch her for a while, and see if anything happens."
So we sat in silence, and asked the staff to stay out, so she could sleep. Three hours later, it was me who noticed that she was starting to firm up, and she was wearing the skirt and shoes she wore when she came in. Then, a half hour later, she yawned, and opened her eyes. Sitting up, she noticed her miniskirt.
"Oh, you found and washed my stuff. Thanks."
I said, "Dick, we didn't find your clothes."
"But you must have. I don't know how you got them on me without waking me, but thanks. I'm rested now."
Terry tried, "Dick, your clothes just appeared on you a few minutes ago."
"What do you mean?"
Terry and I looked at each other, and since I was the expert in such, I said, "When you went to sleep, you pulled that cover over yourself. After you went unconscious, it began to go right through your body."
"Impossible."
"Possible. I got up and tried to touch you, and my hand went right through you, as well. I tried to sense you, and got the usual nympho, but it was masked by a righteous aura I have never encountered before. A little while ago, when your skirt appeared, I realized that you seem to be a manifesting ghost. I fear you may have died."
She looked troubled, but soon I could see she was thinking.
"Mom, I recently had a dream where I killed someone in a jail cell. I don't know why, just that it was the proper punishment."
Terry looked at me and said, "That's what the station was buzzing about. How someone killed a prisoner inside their jail cell."
"You're right, it was on the news." I said, "And I think he was their suspect for the fire."
Suddenly, Dick stood up straight, and her head flew off. But instead of it falling quickly to the ground, it slowly floated down. She reached out one hand and it floated to it. Holding it beside her, she said, "That must be it. Somehow I must be involved. But how?"
"Dick, why are you carrying your head?"
"Huh?" She looked about, and with her other hand tried to pat her head on top, but instead patted her neck. "How'd that happen?"
"You stood fast, and your head kept going up a bit. But it didn't fall, but floated down, until you caught it."
She put her head back on, and sat back down, with a look of shock on her face.
"Honey, what is it?"
Terry added, "What's wrong, pumpkin?"
That last startled her, then she started laughing. It was only for a few seconds, before she calmed down. "Mom, dad, it fits. I am a dullahan, which is a spirit of vengeance. I don't remember it, but I think I killed the guy in part for killing me."
Terry asked, "Why the laughter?"
"You said pumpkin. Well, I don't have a horse, but I can sure play the part of the headless horseman, and he throws pumpkins."
That brought a smile to both of our faces. If only for a moment. I said, "What now?"
"Well, if the business is gone, I'm going to need cash to handle things in the short term, and I'll need to get into my apartment to get ready for the club. I'll have to call as well, and see if they have an opening for me tonight. Um, what day is it?"
"Wednesday."
"Yikes! It's ladies' night. Better check on my dick." She looked down, and I saw it quickly grow out past her microskirt by nearly five inches. "Good. That's working. Mom, can you drive me home? And lend me your key to my place?"
"Sure thing. When do you want to leave?"
"Now would be great. We can stop and make a copy of your key on the way, then I can change into my work outfit, and get my other purse. Damn. My ID. I'll need to get all that taken care of."
"I'll help you, as I have a lot more free time during the day."
So we left. When she got in the car, she didn't belt in, so I said, "Dick, seatbelt."
"Gee, mom. What's the worst that can happen? I die? Already there."
"No, revelation. I saw you walking to the car, and you seemed to bounce higher than usual, like you don't weigh as much. If we hit a bump, I don't want you or your head ejecting because you weigh nothing."
"Oh! I hadn't thought of that."
"Try thinking heavy."
"Right. How do I do that?"
"I have no idea, but try everything."
We got there, after getting a copy of her key. We used it to get in successfully, and she gathered her stuff for work. I said she should have sex with me to practice in her lighter state.
She took off her skirt and threw it aside. We were both surprised it faded quickly. "So that's what happened to it." Then she kicked off her shoes, and we watched them fade also. She grabbed my hand, and led me to her bed, and we had sex in a number of positions. After two hours, she knew her limits, at least for now. We also learned she could change her appearance a little. Maybe her spirit could do what her body couldn't. She wanted to get there early, to explain missing a day, and to also explain she needed more nights to help with the business loss. I made another stop, and bought a burn phone.
"Dick, After we get there, I'll program our numbers, and leave this phone for you."
"Thanks, mom. You're the best."
I went in with her, and the manager approached us, saying, "Whoa! Hot stuff. Want to work at the best place ever? We could use you."
Dick seemed to find this amusing, but I just said, "I work elsewhere. My daughter here, has had some recent difficulties with her life, and needs more work nights." I pulled his hand to my pussy, and continued, "Could you oblige?"
"For you, anything."
"Great. I stick around and watch a set or two, and then I'll leave her phone with you. Can you see to it she gets it?"
"You can give it to me now."
"No, I need to program some contacts first."
"Oh, too bad. Let me show you a good seat."
"Sure thing."
He started to pull me to the floor, but said over his shoulder, "Dick, why don't you do the M.F. for your first set. I'm sure she'll enjoy it."
I let him place me, and I ordered a drink. While I waited, I programmed the numbers for Terry and I, home, and work numbers. I also added the password she gave me outside. I had to laugh, as it was 'dullahan'.
I watched her play the Masked Futa, but I also watched the crowd, and saw quite a few ladies getting up close, and trying to grab her dick. I actually waited for her second set to finish, and texted her new phone to ask if anyone noticed. She replied no one did.
She may be dead, but but my little girl's doing all right.
= = = = = = = = = =
I love getting your votes.
I would also like to hear from you.
Leave a comment!
cat: erotic-horror
tags: incest, ghost, futa, exhibitionist