CHAPTER ONE: Foreplay
The shopping was done.Finally. I'd been horny all afternoon, and although I'd made Liz suck my cock on the way home, there were a few things in my mind that you couldn't do in a car. We each grabbed the groceries from the back seat and Liz headed toward the house while I popped the trunk and swung the bag of dog food we'd bought over my shoulder before following her up the driveway. I watched Liz appreciatively as, a few steps ahead of me, her full ass moved seductively under her loose skirt. I grinned as I thought about what else she'd be showing me later this afternoon.
Liz was a full-bodied woman. She had large, double-D breasts that lay like soft pillows on her chest or swung down beneath her when she was on her knees (which was a lot). I was lucky to have met her. It had taken me a long time to find a woman who loved sex as much as I did -- and wasn't afraid to express her kinkier side. The truth was, I liked sex hot and nasty, and Liz was the only woman I'd ever known who was almost as nasty as I was. No one else could turn me on or satisfy me the way she could. Even after four years of marriage, I still couldn't get enough of her.
She set the grocery bags down at the door and unlocked it. Then I followed her into the house where we put everything away in the kitchen. Liz had been teasing me in subtle ways all afternoon and she didn't quit now. Taking the cans out of the grocery bags, she bent over just a little farther than was necessary, making her short skirt ride up the backs of her thighs, revealing the naked swell of her ass cheeks. Liz knew I was an ass man, and she made the most of it.
My cock twitched, and I could feel the sticky warmth of pre-cum soak the front of my boxers. I could feel the nasty thoughts squirm up into my brain and I pictured her lying on the floor, legs spread wide, her tight, pink pussy spread open for my view. She knew I loved it when she exposed herself so blatantly for me. There was an exhibitionist streak in her and she got off on intentionally displaying herself to my filthy gaze.
We put away the rest of the groceries and headed back into the living room. A few feet into room, on impulse I suddenly grabbed her by the arm and in one smooth motion spun her to the left and neatly pushed her over the arm of the sofa. She gave a gasp of surprise but didn't struggle. I stepped back and smiled. She was bent neatly at the waist over the side of the couch, her full ass lifted up into the air. The position pulled her skirt up obscenely, making it obvious she wasn't wearing anything underneath.
I reached over and flipped her skirt the rest of the way up over her hips, exposing her naked ass completely. I never let her wear underwear when she was around me, and she always wore a skirt when she knew I was horny so I'd have easy access. I let my gaze follow the crack of her ass to where her tight little asshole was hidden, and then down to her even more enticing pussy lips, puffy and moist, pushing out between her thighs.
I slipped two of my fingers into my mouth and got them wet with saliva. Then I slid them into the crack of her ass, rubbing over her tight asshole before slipping into the folds of her pussy. I needn't have bothered to wet my fingers. She was soaking wet already. I smiled. She must have been finger-fucking herself while she was blowing me in the car. She never missed a chance to play with her pussy. I was sorry I'd missed it.
It was easy to slip my two fingers into the slick hole of her cunt. It was tight and hot, and I used my other hand to spread her ass cheeks with my other hand, so I could get a good look at my fingers sliding in and out of her hot hole.
Liz moaned against the couch cushions as I slowly finger fucked her pussy.
"That feel good baby," I asked in a low voice. "You like having my fingers sliding in and out of your hot pussy?"
"Oh, yes!" she groaned, her voice muffled against the couch. "Fuck my pussy! Your fingers feel so good in my pussy."
"Theylookgood too," I said, knowing how hot it got her to know I was watching myself finger-fuck her. "I want you to reach back and spread your ass cheeks for me baby. I want you to spread them nice and wide. I want to see your tight little asshole and watch my fingers sliding into your hot cunt."
She groaned, but obediently reached back with both hands and grabbed hold of either side of her ass, spreading her cheeks wide. My cock felt like a piece of rock in my pants as I watched her blatantly spreading her ass so I could see her asshole stretched open and every detail of her tight little pussy. Now that she was holding her ass open for me, I had a free hand, and I used it to unsnap my jeans and slide down my zipper. I reached into my boxers and pulled my cock out. It felt twice as big as usual and I couldn't wait to stretch her pussy wide with it.
"Ah, you're pussy and ass look so hot, baby. I love it when you spread your cheeks like that. Show me your tight little asshole." If anything, she spread her cheeks even wider, until I could see the delicate muscles of her asshole stretch, revealing just a glimpse of her tight opening. I groaned as I felt a throb run through my cock. I held it in my hand while I continued to fuck her pussy with two fingers of my other hand.
Then, as I watched, she slid two of her fingers down into the crack of her ass and started playing with her asshole: first gently rubbing the outside, then pushing the tip of one finger just past her sphincter. If it was possible, my cock got even harder. She knew it drove me crazy when she played with her ass. I stoked my cock and shifted my gaze between her fingers dipping into her asshole and mine plunging in and out of her pussy.
"Oh," I almost groaned, stroking my cock even harder. "That looks so good. I've got my cock in my hand, baby. I'm stroking my cock while I watch you play with your ass. And you're making it so hard!"
"Really? Does it?" she replied huskily. I could almost hear the smile in her voice, as she knew what she was doing to me. "You like to watch me play with my ass? You like playing with your cock when I spread my ass nice and wide for you? Does my asshole look good?"
"Fuck, it looks so good! I can't wait to slide my cock into it. I want to stretch that fucking tight little asshole wide open and just fuck it!" I loved it when she started to get nasty, talking to me like that and exposing her delicious secrets for my view.
I pulled my fingers out of her pussy, and she groaned. Then I took hold of my cock and slide it between the cheeks of her ass and into the warm folds of her pussy. She shifted her hands from her cheeks down to her thighs so she could spread her pussy for my cockhead.
I slid it up and down her pussy. She pushed back, trying to get my cock to slip inside her pussy, but I gave her a smack on the ass and told her to lay still. I was just enjoying the warm, wet feeling of her puffy lips sliding around the head of my cock. After a moment, I slid my cock down to the entrance to her hole and slowly eased it in. Not far, just until the fat head popped inside, and then I slowly pulled it back out again.
She was almost moaning now, her breath coming heavy and hoarse. "Ahhh, fuck my pussy! Shove your cock into my cunt! I want it!" she almost yelled.
I smiled. I was enjoying this. Oh, she wanted my hard cock in her pussy all right. But I also knew how much she liked me to tease her, and I liked getting her soaking wet so that her entire pussy glistened with her juices. I slipped my cock out again and bent over, running my tongue all the way down the crack of her ass, over her puckered little asshole, and down into her cunt. She was wet, and I enjoyed the way her moisture covered my face and filled my mouth with her taste and smell. She spread her pussy even wider, pinning her outer lips with her fingertips so that her pussy was stretched and pink, and her hole easily accessible. I dipped my tongue into her a couple of times, enjoying the sexual heat and wetness.
I moved over to the side of the couch and bent over her. I kissed her. She opened her mouth greedily and I slipped my tongue in, letting her taste her own pussy. Her hand crept up while we were kissing and gripped my cock, squeezing tightly.
I broke the kiss and bent toward her ear, "I'm feeling nasty today," I said with a low growl, full of meaning. "Really nasty!"
"Mmmm," she said, "I think I might be able to help you with that..."
"I bet you can." I slipped my tongue into her ear, then sucked on her lobe for a moment, making her shiver. Then I stood up again, sliding my hand down over her ass and feeling her wetness again.
Then I turned and headed into the kitchen to get something cold to drink. When I opened the refrigerator, I glanced over my shoulder. I grinned as I saw her getting up off the couch. She untied her skirt and kicked it off, and pulled her shirt up over her head, letting her big breasts flop down onto her chest. Then she lay back on the couch, out of my line of sight.
Telling her I felt nasty was something of a code word. It wasn't anything we had ever sat down and talked about. But somehow over the four years of our marriage, when I whispered that into her ear, she knew what I want. Her clothes would come off, and nasty would take on a whole new meaning. My cock, which had started to soften just a bit, stood up straight and hard again as I thought about what I was in for.
I grabbed a beer out of the 'fridge and a coke for Liz and headed back into the living room. Liz was laying back on the couch with her legs spread. When she saw me come in she smiled and used both hands to spread her pussy lips, exposing her tight little hole to my view. I stared at her gaping pussy hungrily. I handed her the coke, and she took it with one hand while she slipped a finger into her pussy with the other one. I snapped the button on my jeans and kicked them and my boxers off so my cock was readily available. I couldn't be presented with that kind of view without my cock within easy reach. I slowly stroked my cock as I watched her slip another finger into her soaking pussy.
She took a drink, and then set the bottle down on the floor and added her other hand to the task of playing with her pussy. She spread herself wide open so I could see her fingers slipping in and out of her tight hole, rubbing her clit lustily with her thumb.
Not taking my eyes off her playful pussy fucking, I moved over toward her face and pointed my cock at her face. She didn't need any more prompting than that, and leaned forward, taking my cock into her mouth. Before meeting her, I'd never really been the type of guy to count cock sucking as one of the best parts of sex. I'd rather be shoving my cock into a nice wet pussy, or watching my hard dick penetrate a tight little ass. But Liz had made a convert of me. She was the best cock sucker I'd ever experienced. And I would have stood up in a court of law, put my hand on the bible, and sworn she could suck cock better than anyone in the state, if not in all of North America.
I couldn't have told you why she was so amazing. I only knew that feeling my cock in her mouth was heaven. I loved to watch her suck on my cock too. I could tell she loved it, and maybe that was part of it – she made it clear to me that she loved my cock and that turned me on like crazy -- but it wasn't everything. She did things with her mouth I never thought was possible. She could also deep throat me farther than anyone else I'd been with. And I loved watching my cock slide into her mouth and all the way down her throat until her chin was pressed up against my balls, and I could feel the head of my cock pressing against the back of her throat. When she was really relaxed, she'd grab my ass and shoved my cock hard and deep down her throat and that drove me nuts. Besides, how good it felt, there was just something so nasty about the way she liked to just shove my cock down her throat.
I dragged my gaze away from the fingers in her pussy and watched her suck on me. She was running her tongue all the way down my shaft, and then licking the underside of my balls, sucking each one gently into her mouth just the way I liked. I could feel my cock getting even harder. In a sudden aggressive burst of desire, I grabbed her by the hair and jerked her head back up. Then I shoved my cock into her mouth. I suddenly wanted it deep in her throat. I slid it in and out a couple of times and then when I felt she was ready, I shoved my cock in hard, until my stomach was pressed up against her nose, my entire cock buried in her throat. I knew how long she could hold it in, so I held it there until I knew she couldn't take it anymore and then slowly pulled it out again. She knew how I liked to push my cock all the way in and then just leave it buried in warmth of her throat. She was getting better at holding it in longer and longer. I pulled it out of her mouth, rubbing it against her lips, letting her tongue slide out and lovingly caress the tip. I reached down and grabbed a handful of her tits. squeezing them in my big hands the way she liked and enjoying the feel of her hard nipples against my palms.
"You love my cock, don't you?" I said, just because I enjoyed hearing her tell me.
"I love sucking your big, hard cock. It feels so good in my mouth and sliding down my throat." "Mmmm," I groaned, as she sucked gently on the head. I released her tit and slid my hand down her stomach to her pussy. I loved slipping my fingers into those hot, slippery folds. I slid my finger down and into her hole. She pressed her hips up against my hand, trying to get my finger into her deeper. I pushed it in until it was all the way up till the last knuckle, and then pulled it out again. I brought it up to her face and she sucked my wet finger into her mouth.
I headed back into the kitchen, to let our dog, Scooter, in so she could have a drink of water and feel like we hadn't totally forgotten her. I heard Liz push herself up from the couch and head toward the bathroom. She was going to jump in the shower, where she'd shave her pussy nice and smooth, completely bald. I liked it like that. It looked nasty, and without the hair I could see everything that much better. Besides when I went down on her, I liked how slippery her smoothly shaven skin felt when it was covered in her cum. I loved to just rub my face in her pussy, feeling those slippery folds slide over my mouth and cheeks, totally covering my face with her wet essence.
I let the puppy in and gave her some water. She raced in and picked up one of my socks that I'd tossed in a corner the day before in a hurry to get my clothes off so I could fuck Liz, and pranced around the living room for a moment. Then she sauntered over to me, deigned to let me scratch her under the chin and behind the ears for a bit, then dropped the sock and headed over to drink and munch some food.
The water came on the bathroom, and I imagined Liz standing in the shower, with the water running in clear streams down her body. I thought about heading in to watch a bit, but decided to wait till she started shaving. I liked watching her lather up, and then stretch the skin of her pussy in order to get a nice close shave.
I opened the dishwasher, put away the clean dishes and then filled it back up with the ones that had started piling up in the sink. Wouldn't Liz be surprised! I chuckled. Well, after everything she was going to do for me this afternoon, the least I could do was put a few dishes away.
Scooter had finished with her meal and was already anxious to go back outside and annoy the neighbors by barking at shadows, so I let her out. Then I headed upstairs to the linen closet for a clean blanket and spread that on the floor in front of the couch.
By then I figured Liz would probably be in the middle of shaving, so if I wanted a peek I'd better go get it. I walked down the hall and pushed the bathroom door open without knocking. Liz was standing in the shower with one leg up on the edge of the tub. The shower curtain wasn't pulled shut, because one of the unspoken rules we'd agreed on was that she wasn't allowed to do anything which would prevent me from looking at her naked body whenever I wanted.
Seeing me come in, she smiled and blew me a kiss, giving my cock, which had softened and was hanging down against my thigh, an appreciative look. She was just finishing shaving her inner pussy, and she spread her legs a little wider to give me a good look as she pulled on her pussy lips and shaved the last bit of hair off them.
I watched her till she finished, by which time my cock was hard again, and then slipped into the shower behind her as she aimed the water down between her legs to wash the shaving lotion away. I pushed my cock up against her from behind, sliding it into the crack of her ass and pulling back on her by the hips. She pushed into my cock so that it was buried in between her ass cheeks. I flexed my legs, sliding my dick up and down her crack. I pulled down and back a little so I could feel the head of my cock rub against her tight little asshole, and then let it slip down further until it dropped between her legs and I was pushing it back and forth between the folds of her newly shaven pussy lips. I reached around her and cupped her heavy breasts, pinching the nipples between my thumb and forefinger until they were hard and wrinkled.
"Have you washed yet?" I asked, hoping I'd get to lather her up with soap and spend some time running my hands over her.
She laughed. "Yes, butyouhaven't!" She reached for the soap on the wall, but – seemingly – by accident, it slipped out of her hand and fell to the bottom of the tub.
I don't think it was by accident, because then she bent over straight from the waist, without bending her knees and with her legs spread so I had a great view of her hot ass and her pink, smooth pussy lips sticking out from between her legs as she stretched down. I didn't complain, especially when she stayed in that position a bit longer than was necessary, and even reached up between her legs and spread her pussy for me, slipping her middle finger deep into her hole. Fucking it in and out a couple of times before finally picking up the soap and turning around.
She lathered up the soap and immediately reached down to give my hard cock a good soaping, feeling the hard shaft of my cock between her palms. "Oh, is this for me?" she said, giving me a wicked smile. She slipped her hand down and cupped my balls, which were pulled tight against my thighs, then slid it further between my legs until her fingers slipped into the crack of my ass. One of her fingers even grazed my asshole, and it sent a little shiver up my dick. I had never really had anyone play with my ass much before, but on the few occasions she did it, it was always a major turn on. The thought sparked the sudden hope that she would lick my asshole tonight. I'd rarely had that done before, but when she did it, it made my dick rock-hard and gave me the wicked feeling of dirty sex. And for some reason that idea just got me hornier than ever. And besides, there was just something very erotic and pleasurable about feeling a hot, wet tongue rubbing against my asshole. I'd never realized how sensitive that area was before.
I wondered if I should let her finger fuck me in the ass today. I knew she liked that, and sometimes it was an enormous turn on, especially when she sucked my cock at the same time.
Liz rubbed the soap into my body, even turning me around and pushing me forward against the wall so she could do a thorough job on my ass, teasing my asshole and rubbing the sensitive spot just under my balls. After I'd rinsed, we were about ready to get out, but her attentions and that little stunt with the soap had gotten me too horny to let her leave without relieving the tension just a little. I turned her around firmly and pushed down on her shoulders until she was bent over with her hands against the front wall of the shower. I spread her ass with my hands and rubbed my cock up and down her crack. "Ahh," I said seeing the smooth skin around her asshole, "you even shaved your ass too." Her little puckered hole looked good enough to eat. "I think I'm gonna have to give you a good ass licking tonight as well." "Mmmm," she said, reaching between her legs with one hand and rubbing her pussy, spreading her lips as she slid her fingers into her folds so I glimpsed the bright pink interior. "You're going to tongue fuck my ass tonight? Stick your tongue right up in my tight little asshole? While I spread my cunt wide open and maybe fuck myself with a dildo for you?"
Shit, her talk was making me hot. "Yeah, I'm gonna tongue-fuck your tight little asshole, and then I'm gonna fuck you in the ass with my cock. You like that?"
"Oh,yeah," she said lustily, slipping her hand further up to her ass, spreading her cheeks and slipping the tip on one finger into her asshole. "Yeah, I want you to slide your hard cock into my ass. I want you to fuck my ass real good."
My eyes were glued to her finger casually penetrating her ass right in front of me. My cock had just grown so hard it actually was beginning to hurt. I think I almost let out a sigh when she slipped her finger out of her ass and back down to her smooth, pink pussy. As if she knew what I needed she spread her pussy lips and exposed her tight hole for me to do whatever I wanted. And what I wanted was to slide my cock into that tight opening. I held my cock in my hand and slowly guided it up against her exposed opening, the pushed slowly, enjoying the sight of my cock sinking into her tight pussy. I pushed it in until I was buried all the way to my balls. She groaned. "Ah, your cock feels so good when you push it nice and deep into my pussy."
"Oh, your tight pussy feels so good," I said. It did. I could feel her pussy tightening around my cock as if it never wanted to let go.
She wiggled her ass up against me, trying to push my cock even deeper. "Does it look good? Buried in my hot cunt? Do you like watching your cock slide into my tight little cunt?"
"Oh, fuck yes," I said. "I love watching my cock slide into your hot pink cunt." I knew she didn't really like the word "cunt," but was using it because she knew it would turn me on. And it did. I pulled back until the head of my cock popped out of her tight hole reluctantly.
"Spread your pussy nice and wide for me," I said, "so I can watch my cock slide into you."
She leaned her forehead against the shower wall, and used two hands to spread her pussy until it was stretched and pink, and her hole was totally exposed to my hungry gaze... and my hard cock. I slowly pushed my cock back into her, enjoying the feeling as the bulbous head popped inside her and the tight muscles of her opening wrapped about my shaft as I went deeper, but I was pushed in as far as I could. I wished I could have gone in further, and almost as she had read my mind, she shifted her hands to her ass cheeks, and spread them so I could push in another half inch.
She let out a gasp as I pushed into her, and then swiveled her ass on my cock, still holding her cheeks spread wide. "You like looking at my tight little asshole while you fuck me, don't you?" she asked.
"Yeah," I said huskily, and I had been staring at her hot little asshole, which was clearly visible between her spread cheeks.
"You can play with it if you want," she teased. "Go ahead. I know how nasty you are. I know you want to play with my ass. Rub my asshole while I spread my cheeks for you. You can finger fuck me if you want. I know how much that turns you on... sticking a finger in my ass, watching your finger slide in and out of my tight little asshole."
I couldn't believe this. She was being even nastier than usual. And it was making me so horny that it felt like everything else was driven out of my head. There was not room for anything except this insane sexual desire and heat that seemed to consume my entire body and mind. She was turning me on so much, I think my cock actually grew another inch.
I took one hand off her hip and rubbed my thumb against her asshole. The feel of that tight entrance against my fingers felt so good.
"Ah," Liz groaned, pressing her ass against my intruding finger. "Yeah, play with my ass. That feels good. Fuck me in the ass with your finger. Watch it slide in and out of my asshole. It make me feel so nasty when you do that."
I slipped my middle finger gently into her ass. Sliding it out again slowly and then pushing it in again, deeper this time. I loved watching my finger disappear into her ass. And her words were just making it more erotic.
"You're so fucking dirty, finger-fucking my asshole like that. Watching your finger slide into my ass. Fuck my ass some more. Get it ready for your cock. I know you'd like to watch your cock stretching my tight ass. It would feel so good to feel your cock sliding in and out of my ass. Stretching me..."
I almost pulled my cock out of her pussy right then and rammed it into her ass, she was making me so horny, but I stopped myself. Not yet. I slid my cock in and out of her cunt while I fucked her ass with my fingers. I slipped two fingers into her ass and she groaned and pushed up against me, until my fingers were buried up to the knuckle in her ass with my rock hard cock wrapped in the heat of her pussy.
Finally I pulled my fingers out of her ass, and and let my cock slip from her pussy. I turned her around and pushed her down to her knees. I wanted to see her suck my cock, naked and on her knees. I had an irresistible urge to watch my cock pump in and out of her mouth. She took my cock eagerly. Taking me all the way down her throat almost at once. I groaned and brushed the hair back from her face so I could watch her suck and lick my hard cock. I loved watching her. I could tell she was loving it. She sucked me as if she couldn't get enough, swirling her tongue about the head before sliding me all the way down her throat again.
"Play with your pussy," I commanded. "I want to watch you play with your pussy while you suck my cock."
She immediately slid her hands down between her legs and began to rub her pussy. I could see one hand reach lower and she pushed two fingers into her hole and began to fuck herself, while the other hand rubbed her clit vigorously. I wished I could see that better. I loved watching her play with herself just as much as I liked seeing her suck my cock. I hoped she'd set the mirror up again, and maybe let me watch her fuck herself with a dildo while she deep throated me like she did sometimes.
Finally, I unwillingly pulled my dick out of her mouth and stood back. "You suck my cock so good," I told her, lifting her chin so that she had to look at me. I bent over and kissed her on the lips. "But I think it's time to get out of the shower. I've got lots of other plans for you tonight."
*
...to be continued... "Fucking Liz Good - Part Two: The Main Event"