The weather was hot. If tan-lines was the objective, the afternoon spent in my little two-piece by the apartment pool had paid off bigtime, as evidenced by my nude reflection in the big bathroom mirror.
My wobbly legs were recovering from the half hour workout I just completed with my Magic-Wand and 7" dildo. OMG, that Magic-Wand! Sure, I miss my traveling salesman husband of 3 years, but the toys he bought for me make his absence much more tolerable, to say the least.
A slight turn and glance back at the mirror revealed that my bikini bottom had ridden up a bit more than I had realized. I had a couple of inches of pink sunburned butt cheek between the dark tan and the white ass. Guess that is what the 3 guys at the pool keep looking at as I had turned onto my tummy, spread my legs slightly (just to be sure the sun reached made its way between my legs and the tan was even).
I had also undone my top to prevent that tan line. Doing so had made propping up on my elbows while I read my book a bit of an opportunity to tease those young men. Thoughts of what I was doing to them, and what they likely would like to do to me, greatly enhanced my just finished self-indulgence session.
The hot shower was awaiting me. That's when I noticed the badly dripping vanity faucet and remembered that maintenance was supposed to come and repair it today. I had hoped they would take care of it while I was at the pool. Then came the knock at the door. Oh shit, maintenance had arrived.
I quickly shut off the shower and grabbed my pool cover-up (one of my husband's button up white dress shirts) and slipped it on as I headed to answer the door. I heard the announcement of "Adam from maintenance" as I approached and opened the door. There stood over six foot of twenty something blond and toned maintenance man. His tight jeans, t-shirt, and tool-belt looked hot. Guess I had not worked out all of my horniness...
I had planned to tell him to come back another time, but just blurted out "the leak is in here, follow me." I turned and headed through the master bedroom and to the bath vanity. As I turned back to say here is the problem, I saw his eyes were fixed on the bed. Oh shit! I had not put the toys away. There, right on top, lay that dildo and the Magic-Wand, still plugged in. That was about the same time I realized I was wearing a half buttoned men's dress shirt with not a stitch on otherwise.
Adam was a perfect gentleman. He just said, yes ma'am. I fix these little leaks all the time. Just give me five minutes and I'll have it fixed right up. I just stepped back and told to go right ahead.
The bed and bath where the vanity was were like one room, kind of. So there would be no discretely putting the toys away. I decided they would just remain where they were for now.
If it had not been obvious to Adam that I was completely naked under the shirt before, it was most certainly obvious now. As I had only stepped back a foot or two from Adam as he sat his tool belt on the floor to begin the task, I hadn't occurred to me what he would need to do next. To shut off the water he had to get under the sink. When he did he got a total and complete view up that shirt of my hairy pussy, still swollen and wet from my recent activity. Well mostly wet from the dildo. Maybe some of the wet was from the current circumstances. A girl can have some dirty thoughts, can't she?
I went over and took a seat on the end of the bed and watched as Adam made quick work of the leak. "All done," he announced as he turned to face me. Oh my! I guess that view of my pussy had had an effect on him. I could see the outline of his long cock pressing against his tight jeans.
Adam, being as polite as ever, somewhat shyly asked if he could ask me a question. I said "sure Adam, ask away."
He proceeded to say, "Well, I've seen those things on your bed get used in movies a couple of times. Well, I'm just gonna ask. Can I watch you use them?"
I said "Adam, do you promise you will just watch? No touching?
An enthusiastic and very sincere "yes ma'am" was his reply.
Without saying another word I scooted upon the bed, propped myself up slightly on my pillows, and unbuttoned the buttons of the dress shirt. I opened the shirt completely and allowed Adam to have an unobstructed view of all of me. My God, this was making me so wet!
The show started with my vibrating dildo. As I usually do, I started gliding the tip over my pussy lips and resting it directly on my clit for a few seconds at a time. Already drenched, the dildo quickly found its way deep inside of me. Next came Magic-Wand. Left hand slowly working the dildo in and out. Right hand gently but firmly moving and pressing the wand in all the right places.
Adam moved close to the end of the bed near my spread feet. I could see his cock pulsing in those tight jeans. His eyes were glued on my pussy. My left foot moved up to rub his cock through his jeans. I told him to pull down his pants and show me his cock. He did as he was told.
As my pussy pulsed and the tiny orgasms started against the wand, my red painted toes found their way to Adam's scrotum. My toes looked tiny as I gently caressed his huge balls with my feet. Adam took control of my foot by gently holding my ankle. He gripped his dick and started pumping his fist up and down while he ran the head all over the soft bottom of my foot. I could feel the wetness of his pre-cum as he continues to jerk against me.
His entire body stiffened. His tight grip made his first stream of cum shoot my entire length and land globs of warm cum on my nose and cheek. Adam's final fist pumps and release sends a huge stream of thick hot cum all over my lucky left foot and between my toes. There is so much cum!
Adam squeezes out the last drops with his closed hand. He mutters a quiet wow, pulls up his tighty whities, and makes for the door. I hear him stop briefly in the kitchen and run some water. I presume to wash his hands before going on to his next task.
A bit shocked at myself for being so naughty, but with nasty thoughts raging, I kept the Magic-Wand buzzing for a bit longer. I reached the fifth, (or was it the sixth?) but best orgasm of the strange interlude.
I look forward to seeing Adam around the property again. Maybe while I am at the pool working on my tan lines. Perhaps I'll let him know how salty sweet his cum tasted when licked from my toes.
And what ever will I tell hubby?
Maybe nothing.
Or, maybe someday I will tell him this story.