In bed the next morning we were having our morning recap and plan for the second week of our holiday. In week one Sarah had rushed through the teasing stage, straight to the point where she spent her time being fucked for most of the week.
This was, we both agreed, an amazing introduction into the world of extra marital intercourse. But once the genie was out of the bottle, there was no going back to the build-up stage, which was, we both agreed, absolutely essential to the quality of the resulting experiences, as well as being hugely exciting in its own right.
With the departure of the first group of willing victims of Sarah's lust, came the arrival of a whole new batch, and there were many more to choose from this time. The first week appeared to have sated her extreme desire to feel cock after cock inside her, for the time being at least.
As she'd already said, the build-up was definitely at least as exciting as the event - although she was clearly a massive fan of the event as well. But she was very definite what the plan was.
"I'm not going to fuck anyone, until our last day here. Nobody!"
"What about me?" I feigned disappointment.
"Oh, you're getting it, my love. And my Dobbin (she'd named the large dildo we'd purchased on our first day here).
"And," she thought for a moment. "OK, when I say I'm not going to fuck anyone, I'm talking about those newcomers, in our hotel. They are my project. But if something comes up outside of that, it could be different."
"Right," I nodded sagely. "So, you're going to fuck everyone apart from those new lads?"
"No! Well, how should I know? You never know what's going to happen. But no, as of now, my target is to be a super tease, and then on our last day, we can take the shackles off, and see what will happen."
"I can see that last day being very interesting. Well, I'm keeping count now. Take a look at this:"
I handed her my phone. I'd installed a memo app I'd found, upon which I'd created a log of each of our sexual adventures, those here in Spain and also back home. Each one had one photo, together with a log of what Sarah had done.
"28th May. Pose nude, Fuck Dan, blowjob for photographer. Facial from Photographer and Dan. 2nd facial from Dan. Buy a mars bar covered in three loads of cum." This was accompanied by the picture I took directly prior to entering the garage on her impromptu shopping trip.
She laughed hysterically.
"Oh, that's really good. A diary of all of my most disgusting behaviour. Definitely keep that going, I want to know when I hit a hundred!"
Down at poolside, the teasing began. Sarah repeated all the things she'd done before, but visibly slowed everything down. She even kept her bikini top on for at least an hour, before revealing her now beautifully tanned breasts for the newcomers. And rather than choose a spot, where she could reveal herself to whom she chose, instead she picked a spot and let them come to her. Which they inevitably did.
Early on, there were only a few of the new arrivals nearby, but after lunch when people started vacating sunbeds and tables, we noticed they were quickly occupied by one of the groups of lads. Sarah's top was now discarded, her full, firm breasts full exposed. She was obviously starting to feel the urge to advertise a little - over application of sun oil, sitting up, changing position, making sure everyone who might want to take a look was able to.
"I think we've only got three main groups," she said, conspiratorially, having spent some time getting the lay of the land.
She pointed them out. "See - these ones, then these, and then these ones. Probably about fifteen or so in each group."
She stood, very obviously pulling her bikini bottoms straight, and strolled confidently over to the first group. Her naked breasts bounced energetically as she approached them, her long black hair pulled back into two cute bunches. She made sure to stand close enough to the second group too, so that she had the maximum possible audience.
"Hi boys!" she said. "How are you getting settled in?" I couldn't really hear the responses, but they seemed friendly enough. Sarah pushed her chest out slightly, hands on hips. She looked stunning.
"I just noticed you had all arrived, I thought it was going to be a quiet week, a load of lads have just gone - we're here another week."
She motioned over to me, and I held my hand up to identify myself.
"Me and Dan there. So, what are you all up to then? Any sightseeing?"
I guessed there might have been a lewd comment or two at that point in my day, but young lads these days seem to be so much more well behaved then they used to be.
"Anyway, we'll be off now, just saying hello. We're going down to the beach for a bit - we go there every day, makes a nice change. It's one of those nudist ones, so you get an all-over tan."
Sarah pulled the string down on her bikini bottom to show there was no tan line. It also seemed to go just far enough to reveal an absence of pubic hair as well, I thought.
"Yeah, it's not often we get to see sun like this, so I reckon we should make the most of it. And it's so lovely feeling the cool air all over your body. It's very liberating!"
Later on, down at the beach, Sarah was true to her word, taking the whole exposure of her naked body a lot slower this time.
As the pool of potentials was so much bigger, we counted at least ten who had 'happened to be passing', and ended up stopping for a nude sunbathe, just close enough to glimpse Sarah's naked body. And she also refrained from immediately spreading her legs, but that one was a battle.
"You really, really want to just face them and spread your legs wide, don't you?" I'd teased.
"Oh don't. I'm just thinking of last week, I was such a slut down here. I could just go over, and do it again couldn't I? I just stood over each of them, let them look right up into my pussy."
"You could. I'm not stopping you," I laughed. "And I'm pretty sure they wouldn't complain."
All eyes were on her. Sarah was fighting an internal battle, but the teasing Sarah won out against the slut, for the time being anyway.
"No, stop leading me astray. I'm not going to do it. I'm a super tease, and they aren't going to see me be the super-slut. Not yet. They've got to use their imaginations."
She settled on several naked walks, skirting each side of the group, and several cooling visits to the sea.
As we left for the day Sarah stopped beside the lads and made naked small talk for a minute, keeping her legs fairly close together. She did ask for opinions on her newly shaved pussy though.
"Yeah, we were here last week, and I had a really thick bush. I just thought, it's cheating a bit, right? I mean it's not properly naked, with all that hair. And everyone shaves nowadays, right?"
She was very deliberately examining each of the boy's crotches in turn, noting that many indeed also sported shaven or trimmed pubic areas.
"It's meant to be much more hygienic... Anyway, I'd better get something on - last week we forgot, nearly walked into the hotel starkers!"
The conversations as I record them may appear very one sided. That's mostly because I had and have no interest in what they were saying, but also because young lads generally give very short and monosyllabic responses. But that was fine by us, Sarah had her plan, and it was going just as she wanted.
The build-up continued through the week, Sarah continued to tease, gradually building back to the sort of behaviour she'd exhibited on our first full day here in Spain.
The past two days she'd reverted to sunbathing with her legs wide open, and the talk with the lads had become very sexual. As her behaviour had become sluttier, the numbers of attendees had increased in correlation.
Today was our last full day in Spain. We'd come straight down to the nude beach, dispensing with the hanging around the pool to drum up interest - interest was already high, Sarah had been priming them all week.
So here we were, myself and Sarah, pretty much circled by thirty young lads, all naked as she was. On previous days, she'd already established the protocol - if they could see everything, she wanted to see everything also. So, there were thirty-three lads, with thirty-three cocks, all the attention Sarah had ever dreamed of.
She rolled on her side, taking care to keep her knee up so the slit of her lovely vagina was still visible to everyone, and whispered to me:
"I love it when a plan comes together!" I snorted, and she giggled.
"Seriously. I've been priming them all week - and now look. Now it's time to get them hard."
She stood and brushed some sand from her body.
"OK boys. I've been good all week," she began. "But you can't be good all the time." She stepped across the face of the nearest guy, just as she had done nearly two weeks earlier. The lad was wearing sunglasses, so we couldn't see his eyes, but there was only one place they could be. His cock rose, she moved onto the next.
"You see," she continued, as the next cock rose obediently, "The week before you guys arrived, I let eleven young lads, just like you, fuck me every which way for the whole week."
My girlfriend continued moving from one lad to the next - she appeared to be selecting her targets by how hard they were - softest first."
"Just the first day we were here, Dan fucked me just over there, and three lads wanked in my face. After that, all eleven of them basically fucked me whenever they felt like it until they left."
Cocks were now rising all around her, even without the visual encouragement Sarah was providing everyone.
"They fucked me, wanked on me, stuck their cocks in my mouth, up the arse, anything you can think of. Most nights I ended up in the bath with everyone pissing on me."
She looked around - I did too. The beach was, for the first time in the two weeks we'd been there, mostly empty -- just a few dots in the distance indicating other people. Sarah looked at me and smiled.
She picked the closest cock, stood astride it, and simply sank down on it.
There was very little resistance. The week of teasing had left Sarah absolutely desperate for all these cocks, she was soaking wet, and she'd waited long enough. Forgetting the nude beach etiquette, she eased herself up and then down on this lucky lad's bursting cock. He lasted about three strokes before shooting a load deep inside her with a low groan. She stayed mounted on his cock.
"That's one load of spunk, right up my dirty little cunt." She looked left and right, addressing the whole group.
"From now until we leave, think of me as your free whore. I'm a cunt, a mouth, an arsehole on legs, you can stick your cock anywhere you want. Fuck me, suck me, stick your cocks down my throat. I'm now a fuck toy."
She still had the lad's cock inside her, and she leaned back on his lounger, bracing herself with her forearm across his chest and looking down affectionately at the white cum oozing out of her. The guy suddenly started pumping again, this time for about thirty seconds, before going stiff as he unloaded again.
"Oh yes, that's what I'm talking about. This lad has just given me two loads. Thank you," she said, stroking his hair and giving him a pat on the chest.
You might have expected a feeding frenzy to begin at that point, and I think that's what Sarah was trying to instigate, but there was very little movement. A couple of the lads had grabbed their cocks, but they were gripping them hard, it looked like in an attempt to stop themselves just cumming everywhere right there and then.
Sarah raised herself up, two loads of sperm dripping out of her as she did so, and simply found the next closest cock and repeated the process. This one didn't immediately cum, so she continued talking, whilst rotating her hips.
"Nice wet cunt. It's only getting wetter," she muttered. Looking back down the beach, I could still only see a few dots on the horizon - nobody was close enough to see what was going on.
Sarah clearly expected more attention by now - everyone was still just lying there, rock hard but seemingly unwilling to make a move. It was my time to shine. I walked up behind her, and tapped her on the shoulder. She beamed at me as she turned.
"Dan!"
I shut her up by shoving my cock deep to the back of her throat. Her eyes widened and she gagged a couple of times before settling into a rhythm where she would thrust her face forward to match my thrusts. One of the lads had taken my lead, and Sarah had his cock in her hand as soon as he was within reach.
"She's not joking boys," I addressed the group, fucking her face firmly. You will never get another chance with a whore like this, I promise you."
The lad under her pulled out, and stood up, delivering a load of semen onto the back of Sarah's head. She paused from her sucking, turning to suck the last drops out and giving him a sweet smile before returning to me.
However, I felt like my work here was done, as around me the young men were standing up and approaching my girlfriend, each with a rock hard present for her.
It appeared we weren't going to be disturbed, there was still nobody within sight.
I stayed back and wanked slowly, reaching for my camera - that was my main role in all of this. I also made a quick note of the work she'd done so far - 2 loads of cum inside her (from the same lad!) and one in her hair (call that one a facial).
It was going to be hard to keep track though, as she received a mouthful from the lad who'd replaced me in her mouth, at the same time another just let fly over her tits.
The following twenty minutes or so were exactly what Sarah had been working towards all that week. The work she'd done to tease these young men was bearing fruition in the most spectacular way imaginable. Everyone there needed a piece of her.
There was polite pushing as they tried to surround her with as many cocks as possible. The lucky ones managed to sink into her soaking pussy, or her arsehole which got some serious attention that afternoon as well. Those who weren't so lucky just got to wank themselves over her. But there was no orderly queue. There was an urgency, an animal desire each of these boys had to gratify themselves with my girlfriend's body.
You'd imagine it might take a few hours for one woman to successfully relieve thirty-three men of their semen. But in slightly under twenty minutes, Sarah had not only achieved that, but actually managed to get at least five of them to have another go.
The young men had either collapsed, sated on the sand, or were sitting in groups laughing. A few were masturbating slowly, pondering a second visit. But it seemed the rush was now over.
Sarah was gratefully annihilated. She used her phone to take some selfies, trying to avoid getting too much cum on the screen. Her whole body appeared to be covered completely. They'd deposited loads wherever her brown skin had been available - arms, knees, even her feet had a good coating.
But most of the semen was now pooled on her tits and belly, having slid down from her face, which as always was the favourite target. She had taken several loads vaginally, and at least two of the lads had left a deposit inside her anus.
I still hadn't had my own way with my girlfriend, knowing these strangers' cocks were her main focus. I toyed with the idea of adding another load, but at this stage I didn't see the point - visually anyway. She could take the cum of another 50 men and wouldn't be any more soaked. There's only so much semen one body can hold.
Sarah carefully opened each eye, which appeared to be a difficult job - more and more cum kept slipping down her forehead and closing them again. She giggled. I took picture after picture, and she obligingly posed in all sorts of positions, with no prompting on my part.
There was lots of scooping up of big handfuls of the stuff, dropping it back onto her face and letting it slide down again. She licked it from her fingers sexily. She gathered up an enormous amount and fed it into her shaved cunt, before letting it ooze out again, then repeated the process with even more, as if she was trying to fill her cunt up with the strangers' cum.
Then she started fingering herself, the sperm of at least 15 men providing the lubrication. A couple of lads approached again, and she obediently lifted her face up with a sweet smile, 'whore reflex' in full effect, as they added a couple more contributions.
Her eye makeup was somehow still intact (I later discovered she'd deliberately purchased waterproof eye shadow purely for occasions such as this). And she still somehow, despite the liquid battering she'd received, looked amazing. Her perfect body was even more perfect when decorated in this way. And her face, that delighted smile, was simply stunning, not despite, but almost because of the visual confirmation of her whorishness.
It was a bit of a risk, but she again didn't want to get cleaned up before going back to the hotel - she wanted the rest of the boys who hadn't attended to see her like this. So, we'd walked back up without even wiping her eyes clean, and she walked very quickly - urgently, disappointed with each wasted drop that fell into the path.
I might have thought that she'd had enough, but she was just getting started. And she wanted anyone who hadn't been there to be made aware of what a slut she was.
Luckily, there were no families or couples on the route between the side gate into the hotel grounds and the steps up to our room. There were around ten of the lads who hadn't made it down to the beach today, for whatever reason. Sarah wanted them to regret it.
"Hi boys," she said, confidently walking directly towards them.
The last time she'd done this, it might not have been immediately obvious what was in front of the lads. But this time...
Although she was wearing her bikini bottoms now, each leg sported a huge trail of cum down the inner thigh, it was still oozing from her little hole, where she'd scooped so much in for safe keeping. Her black hair was matted and stuck up in clumps, with several areas where the white cum had gathered. Her eyes were bloodshot, but she had a huge smile on her face. Her perfectly formed breasts were completely covered with the sheen of semen.
Sarah gestured at her body, as the boys looked agog.
"Well, lads. Can you guess what you missed out on, down at the beach this afternoon?" She placed her hands on her hips, and cocked her head, quizzically.
"All of your mates have just done this to me. I'm going to get cleaned up - it's now just coming up to two o' clock. Give me until three-thirty, and then anyone who fancies a go at me is welcome - just knock on the door. We're number twenty-eight. If there's anything you'd like to do - and I do mean anything - just come up and do it to me, I'm available."
"Just to be clear, I'm going to spell it out. You can fuck me, in the cunt or in the arse. You can fuck my mouth or let me bring you off with my mouth - I do deep throat if you like."
"We will be leaving at about 2pm tomorrow, so until then, I'd like you to treat me as your free whore. How does that sound?
"Fucking fantastic," one voice said, and murmurs of agreement went around the group.
"Lovely, she smiled, and gave a cute little wave. "See you soon!"
Rather than go straight in the shower, she again went out onto the balcony with her dildo, and again fucked herself, although unfortunately there was little lewd talk audible this time - the lads were too far away. She brought herself to a massive orgasm with 'Dobbin' as I recounted what she'd just done, in the abrupt and blunt style I knew she loved.
"Fucking slut, just sat on his cock, no warning - made him cum right inside you twice. Let everyone fuck you and wank on you. They were cumming inside you, in your arse, anywhere they wanted. Then you scoop up all their spunk and start filling up your cunt with it. All that cum in twenty minutes. Fucking whore!"
"This is... this is what I wanted. This is why I've been teasing all week. Oh fuck, I'm such a slut. I'm so covered.
"Thirty eight loads of ... no wait - two more wanked on you again when you were fingering yourself. You got forty loads in twenty minutes. Dirty, dirty little whore."
As I still hadn't ejaculated myself that day, I was finding everything even hotter than usual, and my verbally describing her incredibly debauched behaviour helped Sarah bring herself to another shuddering orgasm. Before she went to clean up, I stopped and made sure I had plenty of pictures, as the cum was now pretty dry on a lot of her body and in some ways it looked dirtier.
At three-thirty sharp, there came a knock on the door. Sarah had worn her favourite outfit, which was a black dress which hugged her breasts and hips, had a nice low neckline, and matched nicely with her hold-up stockings. This was also my favourite outfit, the one I'd given quite a substantial covering of spunk, the first time she came over. I wondered what it would look like at the end of the night. She also wore her stilettos and looked every bit the elegant slut that she was as she teetered to the door. She seemed a little disappointed that there was only one caller, but she led him by the hand back to the sofa.
Without a word, she sank to her knees and pulled his cock free of his shorts. Looking up into his eyes, she smiled: "Thanks for coming!" and began sucking him off.
Sarah's hands slid down between her legs as she sucked, rubbing at her clit. After a few minutes, she pulled his hard cock out of her mouth, playfully slapping herself in the face with it.
"Is this OK? I can do other stuff, just let me know what you want."
"Can I see you spread your legs? Like you do on the beach?" I recognised this lad as one who'd been on the beach yesterday, so had coped with a good few hours staring right into Sarah's pussy, but was not present for today's release. I thought he was doing a good job holding back, I would have come in her mouth by now, if I were him.
"Of course!" Sarah smiled obligingly. "Like this? You can lick me if you like - I'm all clean now. Or just push your cock straight in, if you want. The first time I did this in front of Dan, he just wanked all over me, didn't you sweetie?" She smiled over, affectionately.
He was wanking now.
"Do you want me to play with myself?" she asked, with that innocent look. "You can fuck me, just pick a hole, stick your cock in it. His eyes glued to her open legs, he pulled her head back towards him, pushing his cock back down her throat.
"Thats... it," Sarah managed to say, in-between thrusts. "Treat.. my...mouth... like... a... cunt..." There was another knock at the door. Sarah was otherwise engaged, so I went to open it.
"Is it OK?" the new visitor had an apologetic look on his face, clearly he hadn't gathered from Sarah's behaviour so far that day that it was more than OK.
"I think so," I replied, moving out of the way to reveal the sight of Sarah, legs open, having her face fucked. She put her hand on her suitor's belly to pause the thrusts momentarily.
"Hi!" She smiled. Come and make yourself at home. She was wanking the cock quite firmly as she beckoned the second guy over. Suddenly it started twitching and he grabbed it back off her, pushing back into her throat as he pumped her mouth full of semen.
The lad was quick to leave, Sarah waving a 'see you!' with a mouthful of cum. As the newcomer approached her, she opened her mouth and pointed at the sperm within. She spat it into her hand.
"You like it if I swallow it? Or dribble it out?"
"Swallow, please," said the lad. Sarah obliged, pouring the load back into her mouth, gulping it down and licking her hand clean.
"No problem!" She smiled. She was still looking extremely sexy in her black dress, still with her legs wide open. "So, what can I do for you?"
"I'd like to try anal - if that's OK?"
"It's more than OK!" she assured him. "Do you want to fuck my cunt first, to get warmed up? Or just straight up my arse?"
"Straight up the arse, if that's honestly OK?"
"Of course it is," she smiled. She pushed herself forward a touch, so her bum hung slightly off the end of the couch, and pulled both legs back, presenting her anus to this stranger who'd just knocked on our door.
At that moment another knock came. This time there were two lads together. I ushered them in. One had brought a bottle of wine. Sarah was still presenting her anus to the first lad.
"Oh you shouldn't have! I did say I was a free whore, no payment required. But why don't you all pour yourself a glass, while this nice lad fucks my arsehole."
"Have you got any lube?" the lucky boy asked, jabbing dryly at her tight little hole.
"We've got a nice little pot of lube, right here," she smiled, fingering herself to get her hand soaking wet, and then moving onto her anus, penetrating gently with firstly one, then two fingers. She fingered her little hole for a few seconds, before pulling the lad's hand down to continue the job.
"That's it, work it really gently, a tiny little bit more each time. I think that should do it. Now push the head of your cock in, nice and slow ... just like that, mmm."
The other lads each had a glass of wine, and watched politely as first the head, and then the shaft of this cock was gradually eased up Sarah's arse. Soon he had built up a rhythm.
"Oh, sorry, how rude of me, she flashed a cheeky smile at the others. "What do you two want? Or are you both waiting to fuck my arse too? If you want me to suck you off, just stick it in there!"
One of the lads took her up on that, kneeling on the couch and offering his hardening penis which my girlfriend eagerly went to work on. The other one said he would rather wait.
"I'd just like to fuck you normally, please." He asked respectfully.
"OK sweetie," she winked, as the young man pumping his cock into her anus started to show signs of reaching his orgasm. You want to wank over me while you wait?"
Over the next few hours, Sarah was methodically and repeatedly violated by an unending string of callers. At no time were there more than three, but equally there was no time where she had a break - she was constantly filled, other than a couple of short toilet breaks, from three-thirty all the way through to nearly eleven.
She'd taken a while to build to it, but by around six p.m. Sarah started a string of orgasms, which had repeatedly returned with every new cock until the last one came all over her. Throughout all of this she never once showed any sign of flagging. Far from it, she a couple of times expressed surprise at the lack of numbers.
As we were left alone for the first time since mid-afternoon, she let out a satisfied sigh, propped herself up on her elbows, and fluttered her eyelashes at me affectionately. As usual, her face, hair and torso were smeared with sperm, and there was a pool between her legs as all of the semen recently deposited inside her vagina and anus leaked out.
"How am I doing?"
"Fucking beautifully, as always, sexy," I replied. "You've got some stamina, I'll give you that. Over seven hours you've been fucking. Aren't you sore? And you must be starving!" I'd been munching on the occasional snack whilst I'd watched the show, but I couldn't remember Sarah having anything to eat at all."
"I'm not, really," she wondered. "All I've had is, Oh wait. I still feel pretty full up, I've actually swallowed quite a few loads of spunk" she chuckled to herself like it was the most normal thing in the world. "How could I forget that?"
It made me so, so horny when she spoke so matter-of-factly like that about such extraordinarily debauched behaviour. "And I'm not sore at all. A couple of times I've been a little raw in the morning, but a little time in the sun and that soon disappears."
"Besides," she continued pragmatically. "We'll be home by this time tomorrow and arranging this many cocks for me gets a bit more complicated then. I'd kick myself if I missed out on any of this while it was available."
Her eyes fixed on mine, and I, as I never failed to do when our eyes met, marvelled at how pretty my girlfriend was.
"How's it been for you? You must be getting bored?"
"Bored!"
I was feeling many things, but bored wasn't one of them. I was still intensely turned on, but physically my cock wasn't hard, it was slightly swollen but after being pointed at the ceiling for the first few hours, it had gradually sunk as the evening wore on.
"I don't think it's possible to be bored around you, Sarah. I've just watched the longest, most exciting porn performance of my life, starring the woman I love."
"You OK though? You aren't even hard!"
"I always cum far too soon, watching you," I explained. "So this time I've been holding back a bit, so we can finish the night with a bang! I think I'm basically on standby - say something dirty."
She sat up, with a bright expression, licking her lips clean of a small piece of sperm which had been making its way down the side of her nose all the time we'd been speaking.
"Did you like watching me get fucked by everyone tonight? Like the way I offered them every sexual service you could imagine? Let them stick their hard cocks..."
"See! It was just waiting for the right time." I pushed my now full erect again cock out proudly. Sarah grabbed it affectionately, slowly stroking it."
"So, you aren't sick of your girlfriend getting fucked all over Majorca like a whore?"
"Like a whore?" I referred to my journal. "It's been a real job keeping track tonight, you've been non-stop fucked all day, and my phone ran out of batteries! I had to rotate between my phone and yours. And I ran out of space on mine about eight, it's been uploading everything to the cloud since to make room. I got everything else on your phone though, we've not missed anything."
"So, I don't think 'like a whore' covers it. You are a whore." It was said, and received, with nothing but affection.
"A whore gets paid," Sarah corrected me. "I'm doing it purely for the love of it. I'm a slut."
"You are, and I've got every minute of every slutty thing you've done recorded for our future entertainment. It's going to be amazing watching all this back."
"I know, I can't wait! And what are my numbers like? I was kind of hoping it was going to be more of a free-for all today, like six cocks round me all the time, but, actually, it was nice to get them spread out like that. And because I kept getting a fresh one, it meant I was continually fucked hard for ... how long again?
"Seven or eight hours," I smiled. "And so much for you not being able to come from a cock inside you - you seemed to be having one long orgasm for all of the evening."
"I know, right? It just goes to show. I'm sorry, love, but women aren't built for just one man. I really believe that. Men like it quick and hard. Women like it to keep going - need it to. When we can get a proper fuck for a few hours, that's when the fireworks start!"
"Well, I'll do whatever I can to make sure you continue to get fucked properly, I promise," I grinned.
I'd been totting up the numbers since Sarah effectively declared she was going to be prolifically unfaithful. I looked forward to seeing her reaction to what I had for her.
"Anyway. Tonight, my darling, perfect little love of my life, you were fucked vaginally thirty-four times, by twenty-five different cocks. Your lovely little arsehole was taken by eleven - no, wait - twelve times by eleven cocks, that first guy came back for another go, didn't he?"
Sarah had her head back and her eyes were closed, as I recounted the activity of the night. I wondered if the description of the extent of her immoral acts actually had the effect of giving her a physical orgasm - it certainly appeared to be having that effect on her mentally. She suddenly registered the question and shrugged.
"I don't really look at their faces. I know two of the cocks were black. And one was pretty fucking massive. Once wasn't much bigger than my clit, poor lad, he didn't even try to fuck me, I just sucked him off. I hadn't realised anyone had come back for seconds though - how many?"
"Nine," I answered.
"So, twenty-five of them fucked me, and only nine came back for another go?" She seemed disappointed.
"Twenty-five fucked you in your lovely little cunt, I corrected her. You had eleven in your arse."
"Oh, of course, I'd forgotten those ones!" She seemed delighted.
"And don't forget, pretty much all of them had already fucked you at least once already, at the beach."
"Oh right! Busy day, wasn't it? How many fucked me there?"
"I actually have no idea - it was impossible to keep track. I did count the number of times you made them cum though. You definitely took forty loads of spunk earlier. At a guess, I'd say only about fifteen or twenty managed to get their cocks inside you though. At the beach it was hard to get close enough to see for sure."
"Oh fuck, that's so dirty when you say it like that. Only fifteen or twenty. Just ballpark figures, there were so many!"
Despite her epic session, Sarah had taken it upon herself to start playing with Dobbin again. She pushed it nearly all the way in, in one go - no foreplay being required to loosen her up, she'd had twenty-five cocks inside her this evening to do that job.
"Keep going, she sighed, fucking herself with the plastic cock which was probably the girth of at least three cocks together. I marvelled at how much she could stretch herself.
"And obviously we've got the guys who you just sucked off, or that one who just came in and wanked over you."
"I didn't even see him, I don't think!"
Smiling, I continued.
"So, a further eleven of them. Which means," a pause as I reached the grand total. "Wow. Since three-thirty you've taken fourty-seven different cocks. And fifty-eight loads of strangers' sperm. You fucking, fucking dirty little trampy whore," I finished with a wink.
"Ever the statistician," she said, admiringly. "And what a fucking turn on. I love it when you read it back like that, all the detail." She was still pumping her dildo, clearly getting very worked up again.
"Fuck... me," she spoken in stacatto fashion, pausing between words as she shoved the rubber cock in deep. "Fucking... slut."
"Indeed you are, Sarah. Add on the fourty from earlier, and you nearly reached a century!"
"Ooohhh Jesus!"
I've got more for you," I continued, knowing this was one of the things she enjoyed more than anything.
"Out of those ninety-eight loads of spunk, you've taken thirty in your cunt, nine up your arse, you've actually swallowed twenty-six, with the remainder being the thirty-three loads of cum you've taken over your face, hair, tits, everywhere else."
I wasn't actually one hundred percent about these numbers, but Sarah loved it so much I made it as precise as she wanted it. I did, however, comment that my favourite was when she took it in her face, hair, neck, cheeks - I loved seeing her coated.
"Noted," she nodded, solemnly "No wonder I'm not hungry though!" she pondered, "I've really swallowed twenty-six portions of cum?" I nodded. "I wonder if that counts towards any of my five a..." there was a knock the door. "Ooh! More?"
"You want more?" it was a stupid question. She nodded eagerly, beaming. "I thought you'd worn them all out. I opened the door to two lads, looking like they were straight from the nightclub, all smart shirts and gelled hair. Sarah was still pumping her sexy little shaved cunt with one hand, and with the other she waved excitedly.
"Come in, come in!" she welcomed them. The first lad I recognised, but the second was not familiar. They looked at each other, the first with a 'told you', knowing type of expression. The second was smiling broadly
"Oh fucking hell, you weren't joking." He was a good looking, confident young man, and strode past me right over to Sarah. Sarah smiled up sweetly, letting the huge dildo start to ease out of her as she released it. "She is fucking stunning," he looked astounded.
He continued addressing his friend. "I thought you were lying out of your arse, and she'd either be a moose, or you'd made her up completely. But oh my fucking god." He was inspecting Sarah. "Is that spunk? She's fucking totally covered, fucking hell!"
"Do you mind," my girlfriend asked, in mock indignation. "It's hard to get fucked as much as I have and stay clean, you know. And I am most certainly not a moose!"
The lad just stood, shaking his head, as Sarah again took charge. I was pleased to see my phone was now totally empty, its transfer of contents onto the cloud now complete, and it was fully charged. Nevertheless, I made sure to put Sarah's phone on to charge again, to make sure nothing would get missed.
"The first young man spoke, slightly apologetic.
"I hope it's OK - Scott isn't staying here, we were just chatting, and everyone was talking about you," I knew Sarah would love this, and saw her smile broaden as he spoke. "He didn't believe it, so I thought I'd bring him over to see for himself."
"Oh, I don't mind, far from it," Sarah reassured the young men. "I thought I'd worn you all out, so I was just fucking myself with this monster," she smiled, nodding at Dobbin. "However, I would like to try something new." I wondered where she was headed.
"If you'd be good enough to help me, I'd really like to feel two big cocks inside me at the same time." My mind flashed back to the first night I spent with Sarah, when she'd shown a distinct interest in the 'Double Vaginal' folder in my porn collection.
She glanced over to me and I gave her a look of agreement.
"Double penetration, two cocks pumping in and out of me at once." The boys looked at each other.
"I reckon I can do that," said the newcomer. "I mean, you are so fucking hot, I don't think anyone could say no. What do you reckon, mate?"
"The other was similarly in agreement.
"Well, I don't really fancy rubbing my cock against your's mate," he grimaced, "but if it's a price I have to pay to get back in there," he nodded at Sarah, who was thoughtfully rubbing her clit as they conferred.
"Perfect!" Sarah declared. "Let's see what you've got."
In a flash both lads were naked, and Sarah sucked both to an erection double-quick. Each fucked her, swapping between her mouth, cunt and arsehole. Soon came the moment Sarah was waiting for.
Although I knew from previous conversations that she'd be most excited with the thought of two cocks being squeezed inside her little cunt, the lads were preparing for a simultaneous vaginal and anal performance. Sarah had never mentioned any interest in this - in fact before this holiday anal hadn't really been a focus for either of us, but it was nice to see every available orifice being used, and Sarah had clearly enjoyed the multiple cocks which had already taken her anus this week.
Sarah was taking them in doggy style, and after a short period of time easing themselves in both began pumping in turn, stretching both her holes at once. Sarah began orgasming really, really quickly. As she continued groaning in ecstasy, there was another knock on the door.
I opened to see a further three visitors, again I suspected not all of them had visited before - I wondered how much more 'business' the tales of Sarah's antics up to now would produce.
For her though, it was clearly a case of 'the more the merrier.' Within a few seconds of it arriving, Sarah had a third cock inside her, this time in her mouth as one of the lads went around the back of the couch where her head was invitingly waiting. She waved each hand, beckoning the other two, and now five were being satisfied.
"Oh, Jesus, fuck me, fuck me," she was panting. Then "Both of you, in my cunt. Fill my cunt with cock!"
A little reluctantly at first, the cock which was pumping Sarah's anus so well was pushed alongside his friends into her little cunt. If I hadn't witnessed her beautiful little hole being stretched so thoroughly by her huge dildo, I'd have feared for it, but I knew she could take this. And take it she did. And clearly being filled up by so much real cock was a cut above her plastic friend.
For the rest of the night, it seemed that she was having one long orgasm, as she was relentlessly ploughed in any available orifice. The knocks on the door kept coming, and our visitors introduced themselves before taking their turn on my girlfriend. There were nearly as many newcomers from outside our hotel as there were fellow guests. Word had clearly got around and this resulted in a steady stream of keen, hard cock for Sarah.
During proceedings she made them switch quickly - nobody was in any one hole for longer than a few minutes. Sarah wanted to make sure everyone got a turn, and that she got her reward from each. As soon as one showed signs of ejaculating, Sarah ushered them around to the back of the couch, inviting them to masturbate over her head, and turning her face as appropriate to ensure it hit its target.
The night's activities finally started winding down at around 3am. Sarah's holes hadn't had, or asked for, any rest, and almost all of her cocks had spilled their load over her head, face, shoulders, tits -- her entire top half really. There was the odd cock which had gone off inside her, but in general they'd done what she asked.
Her arsehole was still extremely popular, but she also managed to persuade the boys to regularly plug her cunt up with two cocks at once. My girlfriend clearly adored being filled vaginally with two cocks more than anything I'd seen from her before.
The sheer erotic energy of the situation had meant very few of the lads hadn't been able to raise the energy for another go - it's difficult not to raise an erection when greeted with a sight like Sarah that night. no matter how many gallons of semen she'd already coaxed out of them. I was sure at least one of them had managed four goes.
Lots of them hadn't left yet, preferring to at least sit and watch - this was perfect for Sarah, who loved an audience, and no doubt the multiple eyes on her as she came only made the orgasms more intense.
After the last one wanked into her face, adding to a number of loads I was sure would be unbelievable (keeping count had long gone, but I had video footage of the whole evening from beginning to end, so we could work that out later), Sarah turned to the roomful of incredulous faces.
"What time is it?" It was three-twenty-five. "Have I worn all of you out?" I raised my hand.
"Any time for me?"
"Oh, Dan!" She clapped her hands. "My amazing boyfriend, without whom none of this would be possible. What can I do for you?"
I stood her up and walked her round the back of the couch. She nearly slipped over on the pools of slimy semen she was creating on the tiled floor with each step. Bending her over, facing the room, I bent her over the sofa face first, and rammed into her cunt. She was looser than I'd ever felt, my cock going where possibly hundreds of others had been that day.
"Everyone ... enjoy ... fucking my girlfriend?" I asked the room, as I slammed in hard. This wasn't going to last long. Murmurs of agreement, and nods. "Ever seen ... a slut ... like this?"
They clearly hadn't.
"She's fucked everyone in the fucking hotel today, and plenty more. She fucking opens her legs for anyone, utter ... utter... whore."
"Oh Jesus Christ!" Sarah shrieked, coming again as I explained to the room what she was.
"Cum in her face, up her arse, in her cunt, fuck her face, slut, slut." I was just mouthing disparaging obscenities now, and Sarah, predictably, loved it.
Banging into her harder, her tits flopped back and forwards, sperm splashing around the room as they swung. I pulled out and moved to the front of the couch, pushed her head down into the cushion and milked an enormous load over the side of her face, in her ear, splashing her shoulder. Ordinarily it would have made quite a mess, but you could hardly tell, the couch and my girlfriend was completely saturated with stranger's sperm.
The lads seemed a little shell-shocked by this display, but a couple had continued to wank and stood to add to the mess on Sarah's face. This prompted one of two more, but eventually Sarah had taken all the semen she would take that night.
"Piss," she gasped, raising her gunked-up face from the couch and addressing the room.
"Time for you all to piss over me."
"I fucking knew it!" one lad shouted. "Didn't I tell you? Probably want us all to piss over her, she's that dirty.
"I am, she admitted. She was having trouble standing, the tiled floor was now so wet with semen it was quite dangerous. With the help of a couple of chivalrous lads, Sarah was helped into the bathroom, and into the bath.
Our guests then proceeded to urinate on her. In groups of three, four, five, they took their place around the bath and took turns to soak her. Sarah used the piss to wash her hair, wash the spunk off her face and tits, as ever beaming with pleasure the whole time.
She allowed streams of piss to fill her mouth, before letting it splash down her body and accumulate in the bath. She'd actually put the plug in, so the pints and pints of clear, warm odourless piss from their beer-filled bladders filled it, until she was both showering and bathing in it.
Dumbfounded that it was possible for one woman to be so, so filthy, the young men gradually left, until I was left looking at the love of my life, my soulmate, someone to whom I had begun to hatch a plan to propose marriage, splashing around in a bath of stranger's piss and semen.
"That dirty enough for you?" she asked.
That night was clearly the crescendo of the holiday; however it wasn't the last of Sarah's sexual deviancy. We had a few hours sleep, but had to vacate our room at 10am, and the bus to take us to the airport wasn't due until 2pm.
Some of the boys had offered us the use of their room to store our bags while we waited, and so they were thanked by Sarah offering up her holes in gratitude. She kept coming down to the pool area, but within a few minutes had persuaded another one or two to come back up to the room and fuck her. For the first time that holiday I wasn't in attendance as she fucked strangers, and we didn't get any pictures or video footage of these sessions.
I thought I might have been jealous, not being present, but there is something very erotic about sitting with a group of lads, knowing that some of their group are upstairs fucking the shit out of your girlfriend. And when those young men come back down, and your girlfriend arrives with a sexy, excited, and extremely happy expression to pick some more candidates to take back upstairs and have sex with, it becomes ever the more exciting. It is also strangely gratifying to discuss these exploits with the participants, over a beer in the sunshine.
"We've only been together about two months. Honestly, my cock never gets any rest," I laughed. "You've all done me a favour, seriously. Nobody could keep up with her. She just fucking loves cock."
I told them all her escapades, and they marvelled at her lust, stamina, and penchant for the morally disgraceful.
"She just sat on the bench, letting these two old blokes finger her, chatting away to them like it was nothing. One time, I came on her face - two loads, actually, and some other guy had also given her a face full. She went into the garage for a Mars bar, all covered like that, and started chatting to the woman about why shew was drenched in cum that night.
"Fuck me," said one of the lads. "I'm going up for one last visit - if that's OK?" I nodded and he headed up the stairs to fuck my girlfriend again.
Once anyone who she could persuade to join her had been milked of their sperm, Sarah got cleaned up, dressed, and we boarded the bus to take us away from the hotel.
There was time for one last dirty act, before we boarded the plane. Sarah was looking super sophisticated, in a really sexy but elegant looking red dress. We were queuing for check-in, and a man sidled over, looking shiftily over his shoulder.
"Excuse me," he muttered, almost under his breath.
"Hello?" Sarah replied, quizzically.
"I hope you don't mind; I was wondering..." he looked left and right. "I was staying in the same hotel as you, and couldn't help noticing...I mean, I was talking to a few of those young lads before we left, and.." he gulped. "And I was wondering if you could..."
Sarah looked at me, delighted, her sex with strangers holiday was not entirely at an end.
"You wondered if you could fuck me?"
"Well, yes, I mean, if you don't mind. But you see I'm actually here with my son and his friends over there." He looked over to where three boys sat.
"I heard about what you were getting up to a week ago, but never had the chance to introduce myself. I would have loved to I had to look after them, you see?"
"No worries," Sarah winked, looking around. The boarding for our flight had been called.
"We have to get on the plane, but I can quickly suck your cock if you like?" it was said as a bartender might offer a bag of crisps, or a waiter might offer a twist of black pepper.
The man smiled and nodded. "Over there - she nodded. You go first. The man headed over to the gent's toilet. Sarah waited for about ten seconds and then followed, walking straight into the gents without a second thought.
They had been in there for a few minutes when another man went in. I wondered whether this one last blowjob would make us miss our plane - the queue for boarding was shrinking as everyone went through the gate onto the walkway. The three boys were looking around for their chaperone.
Eventually the first guy came out, walked past me with a thankful glance, and reunited with his son. Then the second one also came out. He appeared to be on holiday with his wife or girlfriend, and she ushered him towards the boarding gate.
I looked at my watch, concerned, but then Sarah followed, just a few seconds later. She was spotted by a group of teenage girls, who nudged each other as this clearly female, stunning, elegantly beautiful raven-haired goddess emerged from the gent's toilets.
"Everything OK?" Sarah smiled a tight-lipped grin and nodded.
We hurried onto the plane and got ourselves seated. The first man was sitting with the boys directly opposite our aisle. The second, who'd just stumbled upon the scene of Sarah handing out blowjobs and make sure he got one of his own, was a couple of rows in front with his girlfriend.
As we buckled up, Sarah tapped me on the shoulder. She looked like she was trying to hold back a laugh. She pointed at her mouth, parting her lips slightly to reveal a large load of milky sperm. She tried to speak, whilst displaying it, but I couldn't make out what she was saying. Eventually she gulped if down, made a satisfied 'ahh' and looked at me, finally able to speak.
"Two! I was sucking the first guy off, and another one walked in, so I took him as well."
We both agreed that Sarah swallowing two loads of stranger's semen on the plane home, whilst the donors sat with their family and partners only metres away, seemed like a fitting way to end the holiday.
To be continued...