Everyone having sex is at least 18. This story is a work of fiction. I made it all up. I know NOTHING about cars. Check reality at the door and enjoy it for what it is. Special thanks to goducks111 for his help and making this a better story.
This is an entry for theLiterotica Halloween 2020 Story Contest.
******
It's October 31, about 6:00 PM. My big brother Jim has just finished making dinner and doing the dishes. It's my birthday. He made my favorites for dinner: spaghetti, meatballs, and a chocolate cake. Yes, it was a box mix, but I love chocolate cake. Mom is working her second job to support us because dad died years ago in the Iraq war. That leaves only my brother to make us dinner and my birthday cake.
As soon as dinner is made, I rush upstairs to put on my costume; I am an ancient Greek goddess. I take off my pants and shirt. Then I put on white shorts, a white shirt, and a sheet to make a toga. Curl and tease my long honey blonde hair and exaggerate my makeup. I wear a fake pearl neckless from mom; we are way too poor for real pearls. I think I look damn good looking for twelve. I am using mom's bra, and it's stuffed with a shirt of mine in each cup.
On seeing me, Jim wants to object, his mouth is hanging open, ready to explain why my outfit is wrong.
He is starting to say "No," when I interject, "Hurry up, we are late! We need to pick up Jasper and Dawn still. Come on, let's go!" I scream as I run out to his car.
We are poor, like really poor. Mom doesn't have a great job, so she works two jobs. Jim should be in college, but he is working to help mom until I get into college. Jim is a loving brother, but Einstein, he is not. I have the brains in the family. However, Jim works on cars and has a knack for fixing them. The first time I saw his car, I laughed at it. It was full of rust, and no interior, rats, and other vermin ate it! Gross!
As he repaired cars for other people, he was paid in parts and cash. Everyone knew he wanted parts, especially old parts, in good condition. A friend of his painted the car. Now it's still a 1934 Ford Tudor, but it has a beautiful maroon paint job. The thing that Jim excels at is the interior. On the outside of the car, it's a typical 1934. That's a cool car. Under the hood is a reliable small block engine. No turbos or superchargers, this is a cruiser. Remember, we are poor, those things cost a ton of money. Don't ask me what those things are; I just know the words from hearing them for so long at dinner.
On the inside, it's ultra-modern, with satellite radio, video screens in the back, rearview backup tv, air conditioning, a dark red plush interior with glowing red gauges. The car had no direct lights like most cars have. This car has recessed red LED lighting. At night, it's super cool with the lights on.
Would you believe it? Jasper and Dawn love being driven anywhere with me. I either sit up front with my brother or in the back with my friends. Tonight, I feel like a million bucks; I am up front with the window down. I want everyone to see me.
My friends live down the street a few blocks. We pick them up and then cruise out to a much better neighborhood. We have had good luck in wealthier neighborhoods, the kids aren't as aggressive, and the candy is much better.
At home, we get a piece of candy from a $4.00 "300-piece bag." Out here, they give us full-size candy bars, generally several at a time. It's much better pickings. It's also cool because Jim lets us go out by ourselves. We don't have a parent nagging and following us like everyone else does.
We are talking and giggling as we walk between the houses. We never saw the four older boys that step out and cut us off. They must be eighteen! Oh shit, where is Jim? I don't see a parent, no overhead light near us. OH FUCK, we screwed up!
They are all leering at me specifically. I have a terrible feeling about this.
The tall fat boy is in a skeleton costume and says to me, "Hey, little girl. I think you want to spend time with us. If you stay quiet, nobody gets hurt."
Is this how women get assaulted? Of fuck, they think I am sixteen, maybe older. They want to rape me? My stomach is swirling, I want to puke. I am literally getting sick at what they might do to me. I can't talk, I can't scream, and I am frozen from fear.
I then jump out of my skin as I feel fingers on my shoulder. Fuck, more are behind me!
Then my life changed when I hear, "I think you boys better move along before you get hurt," from my brother. He moves in front of me. He is in a pitch-black ninja outfit. No shoes, just black material.
The big fat kid charges my brother. Like lightning, he lowers his stance, screams a short word, and then throws a fist while pulling the other fist back. The punch confused me. The fat boy is holding his stomach, and my brother is helping him to the ground. Damn, that was cool. He stands up, puts his arms out wide, and pushes us back, away from the other boys. We then walk around them and to the next house. Jim stayed with us for the rest of the night, like a regular parent.
++++++
It's exactly four years later, this is my sixteenth birthday. I am too old for trick-or-treating now. I am at a party with friends from school. Now I have real boobs; I no longer need to stuff mom's bra. Jim dropped Dawn, Jasper, and I off at the party. We are too cool to be seen with my older brother now. My friends and I are much better looking than most of the other girls. Individually, a couple girls look better than us. As a group, no three are is as hot.
We know not to drink the beer, nothing good will come of that. We are doing soda, 7-Up specifically, it looks like a drink. Jim taught me that. As the party continues, the vibe is changing. The boys are getting handsy. The sluts don't mind, but me, my friends, and several other girls are getting nervous. I think it's time to leave. I text Jim, "get here quick, turning bad."
We live about thirty minutes away; I don't like this. Do I call 911? We move to a quiet corner. That was a terrible mistake. Two older boys come to our table. They smell of beer and are loud. One grabs my arm.
He says to me, "I like you. You're good looking. Come with me, and I'll show you a special time."
I scream, "I am only sixteen!"
He laughs at me, "Nice try bitch. Look, I need to screw, and you're the best here. You ARE coming with me."
I see fingers wrap around his neck from behind. I see those fingers turn red and then quickly white.
The boy drops my arm and yells, "What the fuck, dude. You can have next."
One of his legs is kicked out, and he falls to the floor. His tries to hit Jim, he misses, he is off balance from drinking. Jim rotates, punches the boy in the stomach while pulling the other arm back. I have learned that's a martial art move. He is on the floor in severe pain and holding his stomach.
Jim shouts, "Anyone else want a shot at me?"
Not surprisingly, no takers.
Jim shouts again, "We are leaving now. Anyone else coming with?"
About twenty girls are now surrounding us with their arms around him or trying to place a hand on him. We stroll out of the house and to his car.
Jim suggests, "I have room for one more. Call your parents and friends, I'll wait here until you get picked up."
It's an hour before all but one girl has been picked up. We take her home. She sat up front with Jim and never noticed how cool the car was. She only had eyes for my brother.
+++++
It's two years later, Friday, October 30. I just got home from work. I have a part-time job now so I can start saving for college. Jim is ready to take me out for dinner. He has no idea of my plan. I may have hinted that he is taking me out to dinner.
Jim asks me, "Ready to go?"
I give him my best smile, "I am, but you aren't. I have a plan for my birthday, and I won't take no for an answer. Hurry up a pack a bag for two days. You need one good outfit and a nice outfit for being outside all day. Something that would impress a woman, kind of like me. No concert t-shirts. Hurry, we need to get moving."
Jim wants to resist. After looking at me, he realizes it's futile. He runs to his room. Quickly he has one small bag and a second pair of nice shoes. When he opens his trunk, my bag and a box are already in the trunk. He chuckles and adds his bag. We are soon on the road heading towards Atlanta. My tummy tickles, I am excited.
I pay for dinner at a truck stop. That surprises the hell out of Jim. We pull into the southern suburbs of Atlanta. I can't afford a downtown hotel room; we get a cheap queen-sized bed near the airport at a Ferguson. What's a Ferguson? I have no idea, never heard of them. The internet found them, and the rooms are cheap. It's midnight, we are both tired. With just one bed, Jim is nervous.
I hope I set him at ease, "I'm eighteen tomorrow. I've never slept next to a man. You leave your boxers on. I'll step into the washroom, clean up, then strip ..." He jumps in fright. "... to my bra and panties." Now he is relieved. "You will hold me. We need to get up at 6:00 AM."
I can see the disappointment in his eyes. He wanted to sleep in. He resigns himself to a short night of sleep. I hate doing this, but we don't have much choice. He won't hold me on his own. I push myself back until I am in his arms. I can hear him sigh, but he doesn't complain. I fall asleep listening to his heartbeat slow down.
+++++
The alarm goes off at 6:00. It's Halloween. I love Halloween and having my birthday on Halloween. I rush to take a shower and get dressed. While I am dressing, Jim takes his shower. I am ready before he finishes. He is quite startled to see my outfit. I am curling my hair still, but I am nearly done. He is looking at me like he can't believe what I am wearing.
I have mom's dark blue satin robe over a tiny black bikini. I don't want him seeing the bikini yet, he would throw a fit. My smile curls up, and he has no idea why. It's 7:00 before we are again on the road. We eat a few breakfast sandwiches on the way north. We only have a thirty-minute drive today, our destination is an abandoned shopping mall.
We pull up, and there are a few people there already with some cool looking cars. They are setting up signs for parking and showing cars. We are the second "Show" car there.
Jim is at a complete loss; he looks at me with an open mouth. He is clueless.
I use a few short, simple words, "In a few hours they will open this car show to the public. We have two hours to detail your car."
Jim looks unhappy, "I don't have my stuff, the car looks like hell."
I get out of the car and have him pop the trunk. Inside that "extra box" ... everything we need to detail the car.
I apologize, "I know two hours isn't enough. It will have to do. Give me jobs, and I will help the best I can."
For two hours, we speed through cleaning every part of the car. Is it perfect? No. But it's much better than it was. Now it's my turn to get ready. Around my waist, I add a hoop that has a cat tail. I add a headband that has cat ears on it. I exaggerate my eyelashes, paint on whiskers, add pink to my cheeks, and black on the tip of my nose. I take off my shoes and socks, I have small black slippers. I turn towards Jim.
Jim is motionless. He stares at me, and his cock grows in front of me. He gets embarrassed and turns around to adjust himself. I laugh internally; I don't want to hurt his feelings.
When Jim turns back around, "Wha, wha, what are you doing?"
I purr and use my hands like cat claws, "I am cat woman!"
I notice that a crowd of people are around us. Most are staring at me.
I go into sales mode, yelling, "Come get a great look ... at this awesome car! Check out the interior. I climb into the car, and everyone rushes to get in a doorway and follow me. Once they see the car interior, their geek turns on, and there is a collective, "Woah, how fucking cool."
I exit the car and yell with a breathy voice, "Jim built the car, the motor, and the interior. Have you ever seen anything as cool?"
The organizers see the huge crowds and allow me to use their mic and speakers. That was a huge help; it's easier to speak sexy when I don't have to yell. For eight hours, I invite people to look at the car, talk about the highlights, and describe the interior.
I know many of them are there to perve on me. Its extreme fun showing off my body. Some stare at my breasts. Some watch them sway back and forth. Some look at my pussy. I bet they're wondering if I shave. In this cat woman outfit, I have never felt so sexy. The men can't help watching me walk around the car as I talk about it. We have by far the largest crowd.
When I walk, I am like a runway model. My right leg crosses over to the left side, and then my left leg follows up by crossing to the right side of me. That forces my hips to swivel and my breasts to bounce. This is a ton of fun showing off.
If someone watches too much, I suggest they get me a soda or a hot dog. Jim and I had way more soda and hotdogs than we needed. I start sharing with children that look like they're hungry ... if their parents allow it.
Soon, Jim is ignoring me. He has a group of people around him with business cards and pens in hand. It seems like two hours later, and the organizers are asking for their PA equipment back. They get big hugs from me. It's 5:00 PM, and they close. There is a line by Jim still, I help by standing at his side.
There are two types of people talking to him. One type wants to hire him to work in their custom garage. The other type is individuals that want their car to be the best. They want Jim to redo their interiors.
I help by walking ten feet away and shouting, "Anyone here to offer Jim a job working on other people's cars, please come over here!"
Half the group moves to me, and every one of them has a huge smile on their face, even the one woman.
I shout out, "We're not negotiating here. I need your company information and a phone number. We will contact you and set up a formal interview. If you have a business card, write your number on the back if you want him to call a different number. Otherwise, hand me your cards, please."
For the next twenty minutes, I exchange business cards for a breathy, "Thank you, have a safe drive home," and a handshake.
When they are all done, Jim crushes me in a hug. I didn't expect that at all. He has tears in his eyes.
To break the awkward moment, I whisper to Jim, "Three miles from here is a lovely steak house. You owe me dinner for my birthday. We can skip trick-or-treating; my feet are killing me."
As we are getting into our car, a man calls out. He is older, probably in his fifties. He has big arms and the man, even though he is older, looks quite fit. He has salt and pepper hair and balding on top. He has a permanent smile on his face and a handlebar mustache.
The guy leans over, so he can talk to us, "Hey, I saw your car. I like the work you did. Do you have time to talk?"
Jim sounds sad, "I would love nothing more than to talk shop with you. However, it's my sister's eighteenth birthday today. It seems I'm taking her out to a steak restaurant about three miles from here. I hope they have chocolate cake for her. It's her favorite."
The guy smiles, "I have a bunch of people going over there. I'm buying if you stop by. Otherwise, here is my card. My booth was busy as well, but each of my people told me about your car."
A massive 4x4 Ford pick-up stops, and a lady yells out, "Gary, I'm hungry. Come on."
Jim then surprises the hell out of me. He gets out of the car!
Jim says to Gary, "Drive my car. That's the best way to get a feel for it. Careful, my sister bites. I'll catch a ride with this monster. You OK with that?"
Gary looks at me, "Son, you are trading an eighteen-year-old-goddess for a fifty-five well-used brunet. I'll make that trade any day. I'll get your sister there, no problem."
He yells at the truck, "Martha, take this nice young man to dinner." He chuckles loud. "No, you can't keep him, you're stuck with me!"
Martha yells out, "Dammit Gary, this is the best-looking thing I have seen all day."
Martha is looking at Jim, "Get in, cutie, we'll follow them."
Jim gets in the big 4x4, while Gary gets in our car with me sitting next to Gary. I am nervous about this.
Gary says to me, "I'm safe, I won't harm you." He looks around. "How do you start this spaceship up?"
I point at a button, using my breathy voice again, "Push that one. It's manual, fifth is warp speed ... if you can handle it, big boyyyyyyy."
Gary laughs hard, then looks at me. He eyes me up and down, whistles, and then says, "My oh my, you are walking trouble for any married man. I doubt my wife saw you or no way I am allowed in this car. You two are going to be a ton of fun, I can feel it."
We pull out of the parking lot. Gary is being cautious about driving the car. It's not long before he relaxes.
Gary is smiling, "Not only does it look cool, but it's comfortable and feels ... natural. I almost know what each button does. I love what he did with the lights. That is way cool. I'm going to hire your brother; I need him to elevate my place to the national level. That's something I have been working towards for years."
We pull up to the restaurant, he parks in the back of the lot, next to his own truck. They were right behind us the whole way. Both couples, Gary and Martha, Jim and I, walk arm in arm into the restaurant. Gary stays behind to talk to the hostess. Martha guides us to the back room. There we meet all the garage employees. I take my robe off. Every man is staring at me, ... and my chest. Jim rolls his eyes.
I can't help it. It's a huge turn-on seeing them so filled with lust, staring at me in my bikini still. Imagine them if I were naked. Ooooh. My pussy is leaking from that thought.
Gary comes back and introduces us to his crew. He then tells them who we are. Every one of them knew exactly who we were. We were "The Babe" and the guy with a "Super cool interior." Jim continues talking about the different variations he can do and then other ideas he has. They all look at him like he is speaking another language. Dinner is served, and it's incredible.
Jim explains how the car looks even cooler at night. They all want to view the car after we finish dinner. They finally talk about the other cool stuff they saw and how their vehicles stack up against others. It seems there were cars there that were better, but they were done by individuals, that means not a threat. They are worried about a few competitors, due to their work being so close in quality.
Martha is first to see it.
Martha shouts out, "Oh. Oh. You sly dog. Jim is the difference-maker." She is thinking. "With him, we can do SEMA?" (SEMA is the nation's largest car show for upgrading and modifying cars).
Gary smiles, "Next year. We don't have enough time for this year, and I still need to hire the kid. We need to show SEMA some finished stuff. They will flip over what I saw."
The next thing I hear is clapping from behind me. There is a large chocolate cake with a single sparkler in the center. Gary and Jim are the first to start singing "Happy Birthday," to me. Soon, the entire room is singing. It's good they can fix cars; they suck at singing. Thankfully, the thirty restaurant employees are pretty good.
Me, I am crying, of course. I am embarrassed. I laugh at myself. I am almost naked, and that doesn't bother me. People sing to me, and then I get embarrassed. How weird. This is a bunch of people singing. When I say a bunch, there is close to twenty of us, thirty from the restaurant. Then they open the retractable walls, and everyone in the restaurant is singing to me as well. With my bikini on, it's easy to see the red all the way down to my breasts.
How did they do this? How did they know? Jim told Martha, she told Gary, and he made it happen. Damn, they want him bad. We sit and talk forever about cars. I am trying to be patient.
As soon as the sun starts to set, Jim suggests, "Let's go look at the car now. It's much better at night."
Martha is the first to ask, "It gets better?"
Jim grins wide.
"Waitress! Bill!"
Soon we are outside. Jim starts up the car, and all the lights come on. You can now see faint running board lights and a soft glow under the car. Now inside the car, the glow is calmer; it adjusts to the light level. Things that were gauges and buttons before now have a soft glow to them. I think Gary was right; this is actually a spaceship transformed into a '34 Ford.
After everyone had a good look, the show is over, and I am complaining that my feet hurt. Hugs go around, and we are on our way back to the motel.
Jim is commanding, "As soon as we get home, I want you on the bed for a foot massage. I owe you big time for today. This will change my life; nothing is too good for you. That was a hell of a set-up and surprise. I'm just sorry it had to be on your birthday."
He missed the hint as I say, "The night is still young."
The drive home seems to last forever; I count the cars we pass to distract me. I must do something; otherwise, I will stare at Jim. He was so cool and pleasant to everyone. He stayed close, watching over me like he always does. That allowed me to have my fun.
We get to the motel and he has me stay in the car. He runs to my side and picks me up out of the vehicle. I wrap my legs around him. He carries me over to our room, opens the door, and then sets me down on the bed. Quickly, my shoes and socks are off my feet. The thin sandals I wore had no support. We were on hot cement and asphalt all day. My feet really do hurt.
Jim has no clue what to do. I am no better. He runs to the washroom, stops the tub, and fills it with several inches of scalding hot water. The asshole then picks me up and dips my feet in the water, like making a candle. Each dunking is longer as it's cooling off. That felt divine. He takes me back and places me on the bed again. It's so hard to stay mad at him.
This time he starts off by rubbing my feet. He is soft until he gets a moan. No moan, he uses more pressure. Different parts of the feet need more pressure. To finish me off, he rubs my entire foot. I collapse from an orgasm.
Jim is startled; he thinks he hurt me.
I explain, "Oh no, Jim. That wasn't pain, quite the opposite, I orgasmed." He looks amazed. "Having all those men looking at my body. Staring at my chest. Trying to determine if I shave or not. That made me horny. Then add to it, I teased them with my breathy voice all day; I was ready to explode. They shut down the show, and it faded. Then at dinner, they are all staring at me again, like I am a free sex toy. That worked me up. You come along and make my feet feel awesome and some of that sexual energy explodes."
Jim gulps hard, "Some?"
I laugh hard, "Oh, yes! I am overflowing with sexual energy from those men all day." I sit on his lap. "It's actually been building for a lot longer. On my twelfth birthday, my friends and I were out trick or treating. We were having a blast out on our own. Then some ass holes came along and wanted trouble. As you know, you fixed that.
"On my sixteenth birthday party, me, my friends, and about half the women feared being raped. I thought you went home, that meant thirty minutes to come back. You knew there might be trouble. You stayed close and were there very fast. You made me the most popular person in school to half the women and the most hated by a few boys.
"I planned today out to the smallest detail. Gary was not in my plans, but I figured someone like him would like your work. It's about time someone does something for you. Plan "B" was dressing up for a nice dinner. You got out of that one."
I look at him seriously now, "You know I love you. I know you love mom and me. You have done so much to prove that. I love you a bit more than a sister should." He tries to object. "Just hang on, I want to make my case. You saved me when I was twelve. You saved half my school when I was sixteen. You should have gone to college. You are my brother, yet, you act more like my mother and father."
I hug him hard and shed a few tears.
With tears in my eyes, "You've sacrificed a lot for this family and never complained. That's partially why I made today happen. I knew you'd never ask me to do what I did today. Not you. Oh no, you never ask for yourself." I kiss him on the lips gently and for just a few seconds to confuse him.
I am now on the bed, next to Jim. He looks tired, I am tired. I want my present now.
Sheepishly, I look up to Jim, bat my eyelashes at him, and with my now practiced breathy voice, I tell Jim, "It's Halloween, my birthday, I'm going to ask you for my present. I will tell you exactly what I want, and I expect you to give it to me." I pause, so the butterflies in my stomach can settle down. "I want you to make me a woman."
Jim is frozen, emotionless. He finally blinks.
Tentatively, Jim asks me, "What ... did you say?"
I bat my eyelashes at him, "You know damn well what I said, Jim Calhoun. I want you to make me a real woman. I've had enough close calls with the opposite sex. You are the one man I can trust with my first time. I need experience before I go off to college."
Jim makes a valiant effort to speak. I shoot him down.
I give him my pleading eyes, "I am not asking you to marry me, or even be your girlfriend. You love me enough to do this for me." I smile at him, drawing him in, "You might even like it. You know my body is hot and sexy. No man can deny me. You think I paid for any of that food or drink? Hell no. I love what you have done for both me and mom."
I have a tear in my eye again, "When dad died, I thought the world ended. Without saying a word or being asked to. Hell, I bet you never wanted to, but you did become the man of the house. I give you this choice, you can fuck me or mom."
Jim looks scared, not at all what I expected. I thought he would be happy to fuck me. He has minimal experience with women. His next words knock me into next week.
With a timid expression on his face, he softly asks, "Can I have both of you? I am already fucking, mom."
WHAT THE FUCK DID HE JUST SAY?
No way. Not mom. Not cheating on dad. I don't believe it. JIM IS MINE!
Jim continues, "Soon after dad died, mom wanted to be comforted. She often fell asleep in my arms. From there it just ... um ... kind of ... um ... progressed. I am sorry."
Now he has tears in his eyes.
I am pissed; my own mother has taken my boyfriend before I could. Jim doesn't understand my anger. Oh shit, he probably thinks I am pissed at him. Hell, I AM pissed at him. I slap his face hard.
With a stern voice, "That's for cheating on me with mom!"
Now I lean forward and kiss him passionately on the lips. He is confused and has no idea what's going on. I giggle at his confusion.
I push him back on the bed, and then I stand up. I look him square in the eyes as I pull the string on my bikini top. It drops to the floor. My bright white full breasts are swinging as I move back and forth. His head moves with me like watching a tennis match. I then pull the string on my briefs, they, too, fall to the floor. These fall much faster. I am so fucking horny that my lower half is soaked from my juices.
All-day I have been building. I wasn't up in a titty bar showing off, but it felt very similar. I was very much on display. I loved the way they looked at me. All that pales to the feeling I am receiving from Jim. He is on the bed, taking off his shirt, shorts, and boxers as quick as humanly possible. He is motivated. Once undressed, he moves up the bed.
I crawl onto the bed and then up to his pole. I know that six inches is typical. I am no expert on cocks, but this appears to be six inches of solid meat. He is thick enough that it will feel good. He doesn't even have a Red Bull in width, again, normal. In my eyes, this is the perfect starter cock. It's hard, clean, and right in front of my face.
I do what any good horny woman does when staring at a cock up close, I open my mouth and suck on the thing. I apply suction and then bob up and down with just my lips. My tongue stays on the bottom, sliding up and down the shaft. As I pull back, my tongue wags back and forth. I press harder as the head approaches, so I get that spot behind the helmet.
I am laying down on his legs, allowing me to look up into his eyes seductively. I can't help verifying I am still sucking his cock. It's silly. It's in my mouth, touching my lips and tongue, yet I feel the need to leave his eyes and stare at the magical meat that is sending pulses to my pussy and stomach. This is doing nothing to relieve my symptoms. Yet, it's intoxicating watching the agony on his face as he fights the desire to cum. It's cute on so many levels.
My deceptively simple skills win the day. OK, my sexy naked body and amateur cock sucking skills win the day. They earn me a mouthful of cum. He warned me, but I could tell from the thickening of his cock, he was ready to burst. Like everything else, he produces an average amount of cum, and although it's not the best I have ever had, it is far from the worst. Some were so bad; I spit it out.
Jim's cum is salty as they all are but has some ... tanginess, which made it enjoyable. A hint of pineapple is as close as I can describe it. Jim relaxes on the bed, enjoying his orgasm. His eyes close, and a huge smile emerges on his face. That is precisely the look I am looking for.
I crawl up the bed and lay down half on his ribs, half on the bed. My head is snuggled up under his chin. Instinctually, his arm comes up and pulls me closer. I close my eyes and listen to his quick breathing and his racing heart. Over time, both slow down. That is when I push up the upper half of my body. My breasts are hanging down on his body. He instantly smiles.
Jim still has his eyes closed, but he speaks in a deep excited voice, "I love my car. It thrills me to show it off. It's one of the most satisfying things in life, having others see your work and say it's incredible. That is the apex of my life; nothing will top that. Then I heard your voice on the PA sound system. I look up, and you have a dozen guys in front of you and a crowd behind them.
"Your breasts are shaking, and I see a ton of skin. Your voice, though, oh my. You almost made me shoot a load with just your voice. I wasn't checking, but damn, I bet every man that heard you turned hard. It was very distracting. Even the people that I am talking with are stammering, and it wasn't because of my car."
I am straddling his waist, looking for that rod. As soon as Jim figures out my intentions, he flips me over on my back and presses down on my wrists, effectively restraining me. Is it really restraining when I offer no resistance? Hmm. Anyways, I am on my back, "restrained," and he moves AWAY from me. NO. No. You're going the wrong way. I want you fucking me! Oh my, he doesn't want me! Oh, how embarrassing.
I am looking up at the ceiling, my life is over. I won't ever be able to look at Jim again. A tear wets my eyes. That is precisely when my body gets a jolt of sexual energy zing through me. Jim's nose hit my clit too hard. My legs close, and Jim is stuck in the middle. I look up and see a shit-eating grin on his face looking back at me. His head goes down, and I can feel his tongue and lips, kissing and pushing my pussy lips. Oh wow, this is gooooooood.
It's challenging to determine what he is doing to me. I know he is licking my vulva, lips, and deep inside my honey pot. The problem is that everything he does also sends a bolt of lightning to the same region. I am being hit with a double whammy at the most sensitive place on a woman. The sensation is fantastic, it's intense, and my orgasm is quickly building.
I know how to get myself off, but I never get the lightning bolts. I wonder if that happens with all men or just Jim because of the taboo thing. Doesn't matter, the tsunami is in sight, and there isn't a damn thing I can do about it. WHAM! The wave crashes into me, and the orgasm takes me away.
I can still breathe, and my heart is racing. I am glad my hair is in a ponytail, or it would be a mess. He changes his technique. His tongue seems bigger like he is using a giant paintbrush. WHAM! I get blindsided by another orgasm. Where the fuck did that one come from? Oh, wow, that is glorious. He never needs to fuck me if he does this to me.
Ten minutes later, what was once glorious fun, is now on the verge of killing me. I can't catch my breath. I am struggling to breathe. Jim has become a machine, and the orgasms are rolling off his tongue at an alarming rate.
I do the only thing I can think of and probably the only thing I can do. Speaking and movement are out of reach right now. I play dead, I go limp, and hold my breath. Immediately, Jim senses something is wrong and stops. I release my breath and suck hard to get more air.
Before he gets any ideas of going back, I croak, "DONE!"
He looks at me, sheepishly, "Sorry. I kind of, I mean sort of, I mean ... I got carried away. I was in a zone; everything was working. Everything worked, one after another. You were on fire, and I loved how I could bring you so much joy."
"JOY? You almost fucking killed me," I shout with a bit of anger in my voice.
I have calmed down, "The first ten minutes were divine. Then I couldn't catch my breath, and the orgasms kept coming. I literally thought I was going to die," ending with tears running down my face.
Jim brings me to him, and he holds me hard. My chin is on his shoulder.
Jim is near tears, "I am soooooo sorry. I will NEVER make that same mistake again. I love you, and the last thing I want to do is hurt you." Now he has mischief in his eyes. "You know ... if you have to go ... death by sex isn't the worst way to die. You'd go out with a smile on your face."
I push away from him, playfully slug his shoulder, and then comment, "You're weird. Now come fuck me."
No need to ask Jim twice, quick as a cat, he throws me on my back, spreads my legs, and has his dick at my entrance. He stops to look at me. He opens his mouth like he is going to say something. I give him a stern look, and he melts on the spot. He knows I want this.
I have no hymen. I have been pleasuring myself for years, and a hairbrush did the job. This should be all fun. As he pushes forward, there is friction that feels different from anything else that has been inside of me. It's warm. The difference between a dildo and a real cock is like the difference between a cold and hot shower. Cool works at cleaning; it does the job. However, an excellent hot shower does much better at cleaning and feels terrific. I love this feeling.
I don't know about men, but I have never had a feeling like this before. I have known joy from amusement park rides. This is far more intense. The core of my body, which has butterflies when I am excited, is on fire. I can feel an object pushing in and pulling out. That perfect object fits as expected; and feels awesome going in and pulling out.
I can feel the veins on his dick as it slides along my tunnel of love. I am doing well at breathing. I love the double zing of his cock plus the bolts of lightning. I won't ever forget this night. The feeling is extraordinary. I don't dare say unique, I think he can do this to me often. As I learn, I will get better. It's funny, my mind is wondering while I am still enjoying this incredible feeling.
My world changes. It's better. There is more fun and excitement. Jim increased the speed, he put it in second gear. I still feel everything, but it's condensed, packed together. I have less time to catch my breath. I take them now while I can. My senses are heightened, the feeling is more intense. The lightning bolts hitting my twat are also more intense. That double whammy is hitting me hard. I am just too dumb and happy now to care.
Jim puts me in third gear. This is a small increase and causes me to orgasm. Jim never stops, his eyes bore into my soul. He is a man on a mission to please me. I don't care that he also feels great. I don't mind if I feel like this.
It's not long, and Jim hit's fourth gear. He is sweating heavily. His hands are on my hips. My hands are clawing his shoulders, to keep me in place and help slam his body into mine. I orgasm again. He doesn't give a damn; he is on a mission. He is trying to kill me!
It doesn't matter. I feel wonderful. The friction between my legs is impressive. Easily the best feeling in the world so far. His dick is on fire. It's hot and lances forward and back with the precision of a well-tuned engine. I am fighting for my breath; I force myself to concentrate on breathing. It's hard though, the feeling is amazing, and everything else around me is tuned out.
I feel my vagina spasming with great feelings, my body is being hit by Zeus and his lightning bolts, and the orgasms are hitting me frequently now. With each one, I stop breathing. If this didn't feel so damn good, I would be scared for my life. It does feel that good; nothing else matters. Not mom, not dad, not ... what's his name, not even me. It's all about the all-consuming feeling.
Then my life shatters. Jim shifts gears again. He hit the fifth gear, light speed. Immediately, I am hyperventilating. My breaths are enormous. I can't talk, see, or feel anything but my cunt and those God damn lightning bolts ripping me to pieces, and I love it!
In the end, it's too much for me. I can't handle that much pleasure, my brain turns off, and my vision narrows. My body shreds itself as a nuclear bomb goes off. An enormous wave of energy and joy shoots through my body. I can see it tearing at muscle and organs. It's like I am being fed through a grinder. I see fireworks and intense heat. In an instant, it turns cold. My senses return to my body and my eyes open.
I fight to catch my breath. DAMN! That was some ride. Tears start flowing down my face. Jim didn't have sex with me. I know the stories of girls having sex. They talk about that a lot. Jim made love to me. He rocked my world and then some. I am speechless. Jim pulls my lifeless body to him so that I am now sitting up.
His arms wrap around me, and he whispers into my ear, "Welcome to being a woman. I hope you enjoyed the ride. I sure did."
With me sitting up, his cum is seeping from my pussy. I had no clue he shot his load in me. I take the pill; I'm not worried. I find it fascinating that I didn't feel that. Jim gets up and carries me like a baby to the washroom where I can clean myself. He doesn't want me draining in the bed we will sleep in. I agree with that.
We go back to bed, he pulls me tight, and we fall asleep quickly.
+++++
We wake up Sunday morning and grab breakfast on the road. We have a three-hour drive to get home. Once there, mom knew instantly what we had done. She is unhappy with Jim; she didn't want to share him! Secretly, I think she is happy for both of us.
Mom knew my basic plan. She didn't know about my bikini and the flirting. I would have left that out, but Jim thought it was important that she know.
Jim is surprisingly insightful, "Mom, tomorrow I'm driving up to see Gary. He will make me an offer I won't be able to refuse. While up there, I want to look at houses. Will you be staying here or moving with us?"
I love that he said us. He knows I will follow him anywhere.
Mom moves to Jim, hugs him, kisses him, and then explains, "You're the man of the house. I go where you go unless I am unwanted. I'm a small business accountant; I can get a job anywhere. If you can significantly improve on your $25,000 a year job, go for it. When are you leaving?"
Jim defensively says, "6:30. Is that OK with you?"
Mom smiles, "It's OK with US. Your sister Hanna and I are going with you. Let's stay overnight. Your sister will do events for them, that will earn lots of fans. I'll verify his books are in order. It does no good to get a job if they go under in a year from now. What if they can't handle the debt of building a bunch of show cars?"
Jim's mouth is still open. Mom starts to make dinner.
+++++
The next day we both wanted to sit next to Jim. Since we couldn't decide, he put us both in the back seat. We pull up to a large metal building. It's older and weathered. They don't put much into making the place look good. This is not a promising start. I can see the disappointment on mom's face.
Mom whispers, "I'm glad I came. You watch over him close."
We walk into the showroom, and it's clean and much nicer looking. Like a dealership, there are several beautiful cars on display and for sale. Some big price tags on those cars. Martha warmly greets us. She is very friendly; she hugs all of us. Then she has us come back to their conference room.
White walls, white ceiling, white table, white chairs with black mesh chairs for seating. What a bland color room. They do not impress me so far.
Before Martha can say anything, mom explains, "I'm a CPA for small businesses in our hometown. I'd like to see your books and verify this place is financially sound." Martha starts to object. "Sorry, it will take me a good two hours looking at your history and doing ratios, or nothing else matters. Please let me start. I do a lot of auditing; I can tell you how well your current accountant is doing."
Martha relents and lets mom use her office and her computer.
Martha says to us, "That must be your mother and not an older sister, right?"
Jim arches his eyebrows, "You know how moms are. They get their way. Momma bear is very protective of her cubs."
Martha takes us on a tour of the facility. Nothing is nice looking; everything is worn. This place has been here for a long time. They have a bunch of machines for fabricating metal parts, assembling, painting, and fixing cars. Jim has many questions that Martha can't answer, but the employees do as we walk around.
The interior department is all leather, textiles, foam, and panels for car doors. I don't see any electronics for the dashboards. They will have to change a lot to adjust to Jim.
We go back to the conference room, and Martha brings out two large three-ring binders with plastic pages for holding 8 x 10 photos. This is the history of their work on show cars. It's obvious to see how they have improved over the years. Even a novice like me can tell the difference over time.
They got a new paint guy within the last year or so, and he is far better than the previous guys. He chooses better colors; the cars really shine. Everything points in a positive direction.
I ask, "What position do you see Jim filling for you?"
Martha makes it sound obvious, "Interiors."
I am confused, "Your interior department and our garage have nothing in common. Your room has fabric, foam, and leather. At home, he has fabric, foam, leather, electronics, and machines that shape metal. He isn't just doing the seats and doors, it's a lot more."
Jim adds, "I did the running boards, lights under the vehicle, lights in the headliner, and my specialty is lighting and dashboards. That is molding plastic, metal, and modifying gauges. I do the sound system, the visuals, and the custom feel of the items throughout the car. I am more than upholstery. I need to be part of the design process in many cases."
Martha has a smile on her face, "Let me tell you a story. My husband and his three brothers fixed cars for a living. They eventually got into customizing automobiles and replacing engines with bigger ones. Then add turbos and superchargers. Next was paint and quickly followed by customizing metal. Then show cars were being made for local events. They did very well; they were original.
"In time, the competitors caught up. They learned from my brother, and they added their own twists. We took that and added something new. We go back and forth, neither of us making a name for ourselves. You don't follow the rules, the norms, the age-old way of doing things. We will adjust to you. It's what my husband does well, he assembles great help, and they make fantastic cars.
"Pictures of your car are already circulating, we need to jump, and jump quickly to capitalize on your ... uniqueness. What I'm prepared to do is offer you a job, and then I want ten cars you want to do. Those will be the ten we take to SEMA. Jay Leno has already contacted us to buy his choice of the ten for his collection."
I sit dumbfounded.
Martha has a piece of paper that she slides to me. I turn it over, and it says $60,000 a year plus insurance and three weeks of vacation. That's a hell of a lot of money, far more than he was making.
Jim doesn't seem thrilled. No kidding. I figured he would accept the first offer.
Mom comes out of the office and doesn't look happy. The offer may not matter.
Mom sits down and looks stunned.
Mom is at a loss for words, but she finally says, "I have no idea how you people are still in business. Your accountant is robbing you, you don't have enough debt, and your cash flows are like a roller coaster. There are a ton of things we can do to help you out. Modernize, for Christ's sake. You need depreciation to cover your profits. You haven't modernized anything in ... forever. You aren't using debt wisely.
"Your accountant is a thief; they are setting money aside and then cutting checks to themselves from that account, over $100,000 just this year. Instead of selling the car loans you extend, keeping some will even out your cash flow, making it easier to budget and plan. You can take on debt for SEMA easily, and it will pay off handsomely. Now let's see that offer.
"OK, Hanna and Jim, let's go. They're wasting our time. I bet we can get someone, like a competitor, to put up for twice that."
All three of us stand up. Jim shakes Martha's hands, and we turn to leave.
Gary is walking into the room with a smile on his face, almost laughing, "See honey, I told you that was a bad idea." We stop. "She thought you were making a small living, that's why all three of you were living together. She felt a large upgrade would entice you. I knew with all those people giving you cards there would be a bidding war.
"Let me end this here. I'll double the money, add a week of paid vacation, but I want you in a non-compete contract for three years. I'll need to invest in new equipment for you, and I want you here to use it."
Mom looks at me, I look at Jim, he smiles.
Mom smiles, "You have a deal."
Martha adds, "She looked at the books. Uncle Sid took over $100,000 this year alone. What do we do?"
Gary laughs hardy, "We fire the mother fucker, and he isn't invited for Christmas or Thanksgiving anymore. I won't throw him in jail, mom would tan my hide."
I interject, "I want a job as well."
Gary looks amused, "Can you upholster, paint, or work metal?"
I give him an amused smile, "Nope."
Martha asks questioningly, "Then why do we need to hire you?"
I got them, "Because once you build those cars, you want me splayed over the hood in the photoshoot and behind the wheel exposing some leg while they photograph the interior. I will be in the booth talking and looking sexy, as I expound the virtues of your strong, hard, vehicles," using my breathy voice.
I continue, "I will also create web advertising for all of your cars. I will be the face of your company."
Gary doesn't look impressed.
Martha confidently says, "Part-time, no insurance, no vacation, $35,000 a year. You're on the front of every car ad."
She looks at Gary, "With a body like hers, we'll sell every car we have. You couldn't keep your eyes off her at dinner. None of you brutes could. She is cute and wears bikinis, what's not to like."
Mom gasps, "You what?"
I snicker, "I did wear your blue robe ... some ... on the way there. Hey, that day got us here. It was so worth it. Jim and I were so horny, we fucked like crazy that night."
Collectively, we all held our breaths at what I just admitted.
Jim is the first to speak, "It's not like we are the only ones. Martha, you slipped and called Gary your brother."
Martha covers her mouth with her hands.
Gary looks down, "Your secret is safe with us. If Hanna ever has a child, I'll find someone willing to say they are the father for you."
Jim hugs Gary, "Thank you. That means a lot to me."
Mom looks at them, "You get me for free. My new goal in life is to take every client Sid ever had. I can live on that. I don't need your money; you do need my advice."
Gary says to Jim, "Martha will start you and Hanna on HR paper-work. Then I need a list of ten vehicles you want to do, the themes for those cars, and your ideas on paint colors. That means that in twelve months, we need to purchase, restyle, paint, and do an interior for each vehicle, so we can take it to SEMA. I need time to get pictures to them so we can get a large booth. I must show them that I have something worth the space. We are going to shake up the whole show. You are going to cause an explosion of interior designs and parts. That's exactly what SEMA loves to see."
Jim spends the rest of the day, picking cars off the internet and then doing basic designs. He has one like his, one of the Ocean, Military, an Airplane, a Train (steam locomotive on the outside, Pullman car on the inside), a Motorcycle, an Eagle, a Cheetah, a Lego car, and of course, a Spaceship for Gary.
We never did get to talk with a real estate agent. Jim took too long. I did call the two in town. One was Uncle Sid's wife, we chose the other one, Betty. Tomorrow we are going out house hunting with her. Martha invites us to stay at their house. They have five bedrooms for just the two of them. Mom asks for two adjacent rooms. She wanted two showers even though we will sleep in one bed.
As we are preparing for sleep, Martha stops by to check in on us. She is in an almost transparent baby doll outfit. I know a whole lot more about Martha than I did before.
Martha looks shy as she asks, "Jane, if you like, Gary and I wouldn't mind a night of pleasing you."
Mom looks hesitant, "I justify Jim because he looks like his father before he was killed in the war."
Martha looks sad, "Sorry, I had no idea."
I step in, "Mom, go have fun. Jim is taken. The Statue of Limitations is over; you're allowed to go have fun. Take a man, woman, or both. You deserve it, you worked two jobs for over a decade. If anyone deserves a chance to let loose, it's you."
I look at Martha, "At least six orgasms, or you don't leave that room. GO!"
Together, they hug, then mom ran out into the hallway, giggling like a little grade-school girl. That was a fantastic view.
I use conviction in saying, "Gary has two women pleasing him. I will die if he gets more orgasms than you do. I don't care if I wear you down to a stub; he will not get more pleasure than you will tonight."
Gary is in excellent shape, but I will be amazed if he comes more than twice with his age. I hear Martha scream. Jim grabs my body and throws me on the bed. He moves into a munching position where be begins with a broad, slow tongue. I hate him. He knows I get off easily to this. I look down at him, and I swear he has a smile on his face. My orgasm is already rapidly approaching.
I am horny, and he is slow. Those are two critical factors for getting me off easy. I orgasm easily from that. He transitions into slurping my pussy lips. He is noisy, and that is revving my motor. I love hearing him play with my lips, it feels fantastic, and the sound teases my molten hole of pleasure. My hole needs filling.
I quickly orgasm again. It's embarrassing at how quickly he gets me off. Mom or whoever taught him well. Wow, I have no idea who he slept with. I should find out. He is messing with me now. I call this the blender. He spends about five seconds doing something before he swaps to a different technique, speed, or pressure. There is no pattern that I can detect. I quickly orgasm again. That is my third orgasm, mom and Martha have each screamed one.
Mom screamed louder. I guess that makes sense. She has been sleeping and fucking Jim for a while; Gary is something new and exciting. Marta is used to Gary and his habits; this is nothing new for her. Well, other than mom being there. I wonder if mom and Martha do anything. This new version of mom would not surprise me. Old mom, no way in hell.
After my third orgasm, I move my hands to cover my pussy.
I use my sexy voice, "I need you."
Jim says nothing. He looks at me and then moves a bit closer. He has a sly grin on his face. I love that look. While still grinning and looking at me, he slides forward into my waiting tunnel. He is fast tonight, that's odd. I want a slow and long version. I can only guess that he has his reasons. He is almost laughing. Oh yes, he has a plan. I am on my back, he picks up my legs and bends them up, over my head. This is new.
I like this; the angle is a bit different; he hits me in a new way. I am quickly nearing my orgasm. In one way, I feel tremendous; this orgasm will be good. Jim has a ton of energy. On the other hand, this won't last long. It's not my decision and I trust he has a plan.
It doesn't take long, and my orgasm hits me like a ton of bricks. I feel Jim shoots his load into me, and it's barely registering. The monumental rush of happiness supersedes all else.
I see Jim walk away, but now that I have come back to my senses, where did he go, and why did he leave? My questions are answered when I hear the toilet flush.
Jim walks back into the room, grinning, "They heard you orgasm quickly. They will expect two like that, making Gary the better lover. You now get the slow fucking. He will take a long time to get the second one-off. I will go far longer." He has a look of fear on his face, "I hope."
I don't think there will be any issues. I am on my back, legs wide, relaxing. Jim comes back to the bed with his hair slicked back. I appreciate that gesture; sweat in the eyes is most annoying. It's not perfect, but it will help.
Jim starts off glacially slow; I am not impressed. I don't complain; I fully expect him to speed up. It takes a while to speed up. He is in no rush, clearly taking his time. He slowly sped up until the feeling is spectacular, and my smile lights up. I see the joy in his face. I know he gets a large percent of his fun at the end. That's the point men live for.
I can't tell if he enjoys my reaction or his own happiness more. I do know that one of the two, if not both, have a big happy smile planted on his face. I hear a second scream come from the master bedroom. Now the big question, is Gary done?
Ten minutes later, Jim moves to his fastest speed. No warning, no wink, nothing. He just starts slamming into me quickly. I have a loud grunting going. I want to be silent, and not let them know, but I can't help it. I am putting everything I have, all my energy, into preventing my orgasm. The harder I try to hold off, and the longer it delays, the more powerful it will be.
I get to prolong the exquisite feeling and then have a super orgasm. Who doesn't want that? It's been several minutes now of extreme resistance. I end it. Two more thrusts and I go off. Jim says that I first screamed like an air-raid alarm, I tried to chop his cock off, and then I fell to pieces.
That's about right. A sharp blade is no match versus a steel pipe, his cock wins every time. I can't talk or move; I lay still and enjoy the pleasure coursing through my body.
When I finally realize I have my body under control again, I take deeper breaths. In front of me is a young man with a devious smile on his face, and a solid steel cock pointing at me. Oh? This is new. I notice his eyes have a bit of crazy in them. After fucking me twice, I was expecting sleep. I don't think that will happen for a while.
His right-hand reaches for my hip. With a single pull, I am rolled over and am on my knees. I feel both hands on my hips now. Oh fuck. Quickly, I spread my legs, making it easier for him to take me in doggie. As I get the energy, I do get up on my hands and knees. He couldn't care less. He is hammering away at a fast rate.
This isn't his fastest, that surprises me. He is up to something. It's not five minutes before there is a knock on the door, and mom walks in. I can see Martha is the hallway. She wants to see but is embarrassed to be seen watching.
I smirk first, which surprises Jim, then I yell out, "Martha, you might as well get your ass in here. We can see you."
In walks a very sheepish Martha. She and mom have robes on.
As mom starts to talk, Jim moves to his fastest fucking, "We wore our man out. I heard two orgasms, so we came to check up on you two. I am sorry to have disturbed you. We will go."
Seems reasonable.
Jim snarls, "Bull shit! You know I can go for hours. You came in here looking for another round. It's been a while for Martha. You are near your sexual peak, yet your husband is wearing out. He can't last as long, or as often, or with as much volume of cum. It's nature, not much he can do."
As he is talking, he is thrusting into me harder and harder. THIS IS AWESOME! Don't stop talking! He has forgotten about me. He is never this harsh with me. Is mom doing this on purpose?
Martha starts yelling, "Fuck you. Young people know so little about sex. Gary is twice the man you are in bed. You're a phony. You are a loser! That isn't a cock, that's a miniature golf club for a baby."
What is this stupid shit they're talking about? Why the fuck do I care? He is lasting much longer, going faster, and pounding harder than he ever has.
Jim continues yelling, "You two don't know shit. I came quick, so you would think I was like every other man. Then I slow fuck her well past what both of you got. Then when you are done, I use a fast fucking, until you enter the room. I let my anger feed, I yelled at you, you yell back at me. I know exactly what I am doing. I am pounding the fuck out of Hanna!"
He screams, which scares us all. Then he has five hard strokes. He thrust into me, blow his load, holds it, pulls out, and repeat four more times. On his first shot, I scream even louder as my orgasm wallops me. This one kicks my ass into next week. I come to in mom's arms, she is cradling me in her lap and soothing me. Her hand is wiping the sweat from my face. Jim is on the bed. It sounds like Martha is doing a similar job on him. Gary is in the bedroom doorway in shorts. He is shaking his head.
Gary smiles as he says, "That is a hell of a guy there. I'm going to bed. Us old people need our sleep."
I hear him chuckling as he walks down the hallway.
Martha looks over to us, "He really does like Jim. Many people have disappointed him over the years; he is slow to like people. He liked you immediately, please don't disappoint him." She has a tear in her eyes.
I have no idea what prompted me, but I tell Jim, "You mentioned an Ocean car. I always like the Caribbean blue seas, the beautiful fish, and the coral."
Martha is next to add, "Gary would love a Spaceship car. Think Star Trek, and you have a great start. Me, I love animals. You said an Eagle and a Cheetah. The Cheetah, I would guess, is natural. Not so sure about motorcycle or Eagle. But hey, you're the artist."
++++++
The next twelve months are amazingly crazy. We sold the old house, purchased a new one. Mom is doing great at her own accounting firm and has just one job. I am far busier than I ever expected with advertising. I have a budget and can do anything I want, providing I stay in budget. Magazines and TV shows are sniffing around to get hints of our cars. I give them closeups of individual parts. I never give out the full shot; that's reserved for the big unveiling at SEMA.
Manufacturing companies are calling like crazy to make the things Jim is making by hand. After the show, we will make a boatload of cash when they start selling the items. He has lights, gauges, and all kinds of things I didn't even know had a name. They do.
Gary is worried that if everyone has his stuff, why will he need Jim. Jim reasons that everything they do; he has already done. He is on to new things that nobody has yet. As for me, after the boys go home, Martha comes back with her fancy digital camera. I put on my tiny black bikini, lay out on the cars we're selling, and she takes pictures. Once in a while, we go out on a sunny day, and treat the boys to my modeling.
Most of it is for our web site. If a car doesn't sell, I will put it in a magazine. With my new web design, and of course me on the cars, they are selling cars about as fast as they finish them. Some are sold even before they're finished, so the customer gets to pick the final color.
It's approaching my birthday again. This year, it coincides with the opening day of SEMA. This will be fun.
Jim asked me to stop by the shop today. He is ready to show me all ten cars for SEMA. I know they have been working weekends, late nights, and even hired extra help for the last six months. The back half of the shop is sectioned off. They don't want anyone seeing the cars.
I am super excited. Jim knows that I really want the Ocean car, I have been dropping hints like crazy. He pretends like he doesn't hear me, but I know he does. Martha only talks about the Cheetah and what it might look like. I hear Jim talking about LCARS and what a pain it has been to make it useful. What's an L car?
Mom knows how excited I am, so she comes with me. I need her to drive my car home. As we pull up, Martha is also pulling up, as are several other employees' family members. This is a big deal.
Gary stands in front of a single plywood door. They erected an eight-foot-tall wall of plywood to keep the cars under wraps. I saw the cars being built. Before the paint, the cars were out in the open being modified and fixed up. Only after painting and before Jim does his thing, do the cars get hidden.
Gary says with a loud voice, "No children, no pictures, no touching. The men who work here have busted their asses for the last year, fixed up these cars, and still do our normal work so we can pay the bills. These ten cars are the biggest mystery in the car industry. I have armed security with dogs at night. Right now, I am going to let you see the fruit of our labors. Take your time, I don't want these walls falling down."
I hear a shout from behind me, "Hey! Gary! I'm here to pick out my cars!"
IT'S JAY LENO! I know he is a huge car collector. I heard that he has the first choice in a car. Nooooooooo, he's going to pick mine. I just know it. FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! What do I do? What can I do?
Gary and Jim are practically salivating, knowing that a huge sale is about to take place. They motion for him to come up front. Fuck you, Jay Leno!
They open the door, and we all step inside. They spread us out along the temporary wall. Jay is with Gary and Jim in the middle of the cars. There are two rows of five cars aligned on an angle. Each is covered with a pure white car cover. Gary uses a commanding voice to count down, "3. 2. 1. Please reveal the cars!"
Ten employees slowly roll back the covers, revealing ten of the most stunning cars ever in one spot. My eyes are drawn to my car, and I float towards it. Jay is there before me, as are a bunch of the family members. In my opinion, it is clearly the star of the show.
Oh my, this new paint artist is impressive. The car is a greenish blue, like the Caribbean ocean. The body is painted as a wave, and then it smooths out on the vehicle's back. The inside is like I am scuba diving. All the gauges are bubbles and look like diving equipment. The lighting shifts like a soothing wave effect, both the color and the speed adjust.
The steering wheel resembles the wheel of an old-fashioned ship's steering wheel, yet it feels like a standard steering wheel. There is a button that will play The Beetles, "Yellow Submarine" on demand. I see what Gary meant when he drove Jim's car. It feels comfortable, and you just seem to know what everything does. It's also where you expect it to be, even though it looks different.
The indirect lighting is spectacular. The entire car is impressive. Then Jay Leno sits in the passenger seat.
Jay introduces himself like he really needs to.
I am cordial, although I have a tear in my eye, knowing he will take this car, "Hi, I am Hanna, I am Jim's sister."
Jay laughs, "I know exactly who you are. You are on every car ad and plastered on the web site. I also understand that you're responsible for starting Jim professionally."
I half-laugh, "Yeah, as soon as today, I was hoping to get one of these cars."
Jay chuckles, "You realize that each of these cars will go for about $250,000, with this one going for a cool $500,000. It's clearly the best of the bunch. So, with this reveal being a huge success, why are you so sad?"
I was going to try to say it didn't matter, but I can see he figured it out.
Jay looks sad, "You wanted this car, I bet, right?"
I nod my head, and my eyes start to tear, yet I still say, "Gary has been great to us. He deserves the money. I have no business driving a show car as a daily driver, especially one worth half a million dollars."
Jay pats me on the back gently; he really is a nice man.
Jay grins at me, "I am going to take every car here. These are show cars that belong in a museum. I do this partially because they are worth so much money, and partially because these will be the first done in this style, by the famous interior man, your brother Jim. Nobody can drive these; they are too cool, and will mark a change in the industry. When I heard what he was making, sight unseen, I bought the Ocean car."
I feel like I was just shot. I want to throw up. My tears are flowing at an alarming rate.
Jay says to me with a smile, "Jim told me you would want that car and that Gary would want the Spaceship car. I told them that I would buy three brand new Porsche's, strip them down, and prepare them to Jim's specifications. They drive and handle like a Porsche, yet they have a very similar interior to the Ocean and Spaceship cars. Because they aren't going to SEMA, their value is much less."
I never quested why three cars, I will learn why soon enough.
Jay continues with a smile on his face, "That means you can drive it. I gave them plenty of time. If you look at the paint booth, you will find your car. For now, keep looking unhappy, like I didn't tell you." My tears have stopped, I am grinning now. "I do have one request for you." I say, "Name it." "After everyone goes home, Jim has your black bikini. I would like pictures with you, me, and my cars. Jim will make millions on his parts; I am backing him financially. As early as next year, he will have his own booth at SEMA. Here is my card. If you EVER need anything, call me."
I reach over and hug Jay. My tears are back, but this time I am thrilled.
Jay continues, "There are old cars. No power steering. No air conditioning. No awesome handling. They each have around 100 horsepower. You'll love the Porsche much better. How about we go look at the other cars and let others sit in this magnificent car?"
We both get out, and I follow Jay around as he teaches me about what's unique in each car. They ditched the motorcycle theme for a moon theme. It's a black car with tiny lights to light up the car a little bit. Just enough so it has lighted pinpricks on the front and back of the vehicle. The cabin is painted like the moon.
Surprisingly, the military car was probably the next most fantastic car. It's painted in drab olive, but Jim added daylight running lights on the floorboards and wheel fenders. There are two tiny American flags on the front fenders. Once inside, it's an ultra-modern military vehicle with soft red "Field Command Center" lighting. The gauges are all super cool, and they all look rugged. They look tough and futuristic with intricate detail and screws making each module easy to replace.
Jay was accommodating in explaining the cool modifications the metalworkers did. He described how the stance had been changed, and when larger wheels were used. Damn, this guy knows his cars. He is blown away by the paint artist, Julio. Those two (Julio and Jim) worked closely together. Julio's painting came inside the car. Then Jim airbrushed more detail, did the leather, door boards, roof liner, and of course, his famous dashboards and center consoles.
I see Gary's vision now. He had the metal workers, improved the painting, and then hires the world's best interior designer. Jay is right; these do belong in a museum. I see it now. The craftsmanship is beyond what people thought was possible.
Everyone says hello and goodbye to Jay. It's just Martha, Gary, Jay, Jim, and me in the shop. Jim surprises me by grabbing me around the waist and picking me off the floor.
I scream, "PUT ME DOWN!"
Gary grabs his wife and hoists her over his shoulder. They start walking with Martha and I screaming at both men to put us down, or no sex for a year. They ignore us. Jim's hand covers my head as we walk through a small doorway. Martha, Gary, and Jay are right behind us. Martha and I are sat down at the same time.
Before us are three cars. One is an Ocean, and the other is a Cheetah. They rip off a cover, and a third is a Spaceship.
Suddenly, all the employees jump out and yell, "SURPRISE!"
They scared the crap out of me, and I jumped back into Jim's arms. These are smaller cars, but every bit as amazing as the others are. I am balling my eyes out. I am happy, thrilled, pissed at how they did this, but ecstatic that I got my car. Yes, Jay let the cat out of the bag, but it's still a big surprise.
Gary is quite proud of himself, "Jay helped a bunch by providing the cars and prepping them for us. Everyone donated their time for us, often forgoing lunch to work on these three. They'll all get good bonuses. Julio and Jim will get exceptional bonuses. Everyone here does excellent work. You two might each be the best at what you do. All thirteen of these cars are amazing.
"There is one tiny issue. These three are so awesome, and so like the ten, we can't show or drive them until after SEMA. That's next weekend. I hope you can hold off; it's only a week. Tuesday, we start loading the cars. It's going to be a hell of a week."
+++++
We are halfway home when I comment, "Are you ready for the change in your life? You are about to become a celebrity and rich. You may have to give me up."
Jim continues to drive for a bit before responding in his familiar voice, "I'm a naturally shy introvert. I thought I'd rely on you to make the sales and talk for me as much as possible. You love the spotlight and making others uncomfortable. You manipulate men with ease. I can't do that. I like working on cars; it's what I am good at.
"I understand that just because Jay is backing me, my stuff will fly off the shelves. No, I'm not ready for this. I have no idea how I will react or how much will go to my head. There is nothing that will keep me from you. We will both need to date others, you know."
He hits his forehead with his palm, "While you were inside, Jay loaded up my trunk with prototypes of the new merchandise I will be selling. I need to check the quality, and then you can begin the advertising. Nothing goes live until after the cars are revealed. You will be needed for the reveal. They want you to uncover each car, from your least favorite to your number one, one by one. I have tomorrow off; you and Martha need to get started on the pictures."
I object, "It's still three days until you start loading the cars. We have plenty of time."
Jim grins, "SEMA wants to help keep the cars a surprise. We're going in a day early. We will do final detailing and then cover the cars. Two security and two SEMA officials will be with us. The show opens with you unveiling the cars on live TV. Do you need a new Bikini?"
Holy shit! I am opening the nation's largest car shows of parts and upgraded equipment live, on TV, with millions of people watching. I will be practically naked in that bikini. I am going to rip Jim apart as soon as we close the hotel room doors!
Because of some expansion construction, SEMA is a year early this year. Cat woman will return!
Jim continues, "Because you will be on TV, they'll do your hair, nails, and makeup. You don't need to say anything; they have hosts that take care of that. However, I love that breathy voice you do. I will give you the details on each car. That way, you have the details of what's important and unique. You can even demo the gadgets that work, like a lot of the lighting effects. Our booth will be covered, so it will be darker.
"That helps many of my cars look even better. You, my dear sister, are going to become famous AND a sex symbol. Did you notice how Jay never let you out of his sights? You really are that stunning just in case you didn't know."
Oh, I know. I also know that Jim is the love of my life. Always was, and always will be. I will get tempted, but they will never care for me like he will. I already have men watching me. People recognize me from the web site from selling cars. Now with the parts, that will go nationwide. This is exciting. All this talk has my tunnel of love ready for some lov'in. I need me, my man.
+++++
We walk in the house, mom is consoling me, "Awww baby, I am sorry about your car. I know you really wanted it. Maybe they can make you another."
Jim is quick to pounce on that, "We already did. Jay got a preview a few months back and bought them all. Gary and I were devastated; he wanted one for himself, his wife, and the Ocean for Hanna. Jay is a cool guy and quickly picked up on our disappointment. He gives us shit about those being museum cars and not driving cars. He buys three brand new Porsche 911, strips them down, and sandblasts them. Basically, they're ready for Julio and me to start on. Gary did a few things; he must leave his mark.
"They won't have the same value, but that makes them drivable, and a Porsche 911 is a hell of a lot of fun to drive. That's why we stayed late to give Hannah her car." Mom runs outside; it's not there. "We can't take them home until after SEMA. The originals need to stay a secret."
Mom does the quick math, "You did thirteen cars in just twelve months. That is incredible."
I blush, "A lot of the credit goes to Julio. Oh my, what he did with my themes was amazing. With the Ocean car he painted, I put in microfiber wires that glow, and then he painted over them and made the wire look like part of the paint job. He makes my stuff look better."
I correct him, "He has been painting a long time. He is far better than average. However, he didn't do shit like you two are until you came along. You get the best out of him. You do know we have two problems, right?"
Mom looks at me with a smile, but talks at Jim, "Oh honey. We didn't eat dinner tonight. She is hungry. She was around you tonight and saw you getting accolades. She saw those amazing cars. She. Sorry, WE need a good fucking. We are both very proud of you and need a good quick, and hard fucking. I will call in a pizza order. In the meantime, I expect you to fuck her good and quick so I can have you next when I finish placing the order."
Jim grabs me and throws me over his shoulder. He runs to his room and sets me down. I like an excellent stripping as much as anyone. WE HAVE NO TIME! Shirt and bra in one swipe and panties and shorts in the next. I have already kicked off my shoes while he carried me.
Jim is about like me, shirt, then pants and boxers. Shoes and socks are quick. He rolls me into doggie, and he stuffs me slowly. Once he is comfortable with me, he starts slamming in and out of me. Jim has both hands on my hips. He uses all his strength to hold me in place as he slams his meat stick into my tunnel of love. He is quick and violent in his slamming. It's just a few minutes, and mom has arrived. She has a look on her face of, "Why aren't you done yet?"
Jim is trying hard. Me, I am resisting. I want this to go on for as long as possible. The bitch will get her turn. Don't mess with me, or I will take him away. That will show her. Would he come with me? Oh yes, men can't resist me. He's been fucking her for a few years; I am exciting still. Damn, I need to investigate this more. I can't lose Jim.
I am not paying attention. Mom came close to me and is caressing a breast. Ooo, that feels nice. Mom pinches a nipple, I scream, "Ouch!" She ignores me and alternates pinching my nipples. I had no idea how awesome that is. In no time at all, I orgasm and freeze from the thrill I am receiving. Mom pushes me over, and Jim falls back. He shot his wad in me, and he is all soft again.
Mom licks Jim for a minute, and he is clean but still soft. Ha, ha, bitch, he went soft, I win. Never underestimate old people. She pushes me onto my back, spreads my legs, and with her eyes on Jim, she licks my pussy. Holy fuck! This is new. She is soft, gentle, and caring. I love this feeling. Jim seems to love watching her do this. Really? She touches my vagina with her tongue, and he gets hard? That's all it takes?
He reaches over and grabs mom's legs. He pulls her towards him and sticks his cock into mom. Ever wonder what it's like to see your parents have sex? Nope, me either. Yet, here my mother is, fucking my boyfriend, in his bed, right after fucking me. The doorbell rings. Shit!
I take Jim's t-shirt, which is almost a dress on me, and throw it on as I run towards the front door. Mom left her wallet and her credit card out. I pay for the pizza and give a good tip.
I yell out, "Dinner is ready!"
I get plates, cups, soda, and napkins. I open the pizza I like and take a few slices. Mmmmm, hot pizza.
I yell out, "Hot pizza getting cold! Wow, this is great pizza!"
I chuckle at their expense. Two minutes later, mom has my top and her shorts on, Jim has on his boxers, and they both look worn out. For a few minutes, nobody talks.
Jim finally has enough energy to talk, "Hanna, you and I are going up with the cars. We will help detail them and set up our booth. Until then, I need you and Martha to take pictures of the merchandise in my car trunk and prep the web site. As soon as the cars are announced, you can activate the site. We take the orders and fax the information to a sales company.
"We'll give them an administrative account, and they will get the sales themselves as soon as you can get that done. They bill and ship the merchandise. They're using my designs and looks, they have a version for each manufacturer, so the items are plug and play. Chevy, Ford, all the manufacturers use their own connectors. This makes it easy to install and swap out one for the new one. Jay sank a lot of money into inventory. I sure hope he's right."
I laugh at him, "You mark my words. The Ocean car will be the talk of the show. However, the Military gauges and accessories will sell the best." Mom gives me a blank look. I can't put an Oceanic bubble gauge in an F350. I can put a Military grade looking gauge in there, and it will look cool as hell."
In two years, the Military looking accessories make up half of our sales.
+++++
I am in Jim's car, following a truck with five show cars. There is another truck behind us. SEMA told me not to bring the black bikini. It wasn't because it was too sexual, nooooo. It was because it wouldn't look good on TV. I now have a slightly smaller suit, and it has splotches of white and a light tan. I order a matching tail and ears, so I can recreate my Halloween costume. The tan is almost nude, this will be even more fun. Oh, the fun I could have with my top and a colored marker. Better keep it "G" rating, no marker.
The place is so big that we drive into the building, following the car carriers. Our booth is at the far end, which is where the attendees' front door is. So really the first booth. It's large with a black cloth wrapping the sides, twenty feet up, and then the top. Some of the top is not covered, meaning some lights goes into the booth.
Two, armed security guards are there along with two SEMA officials, and then our crew. The cars stay covered until they are inside the black walls of the booth. Gary and his team spend all day maneuvering the cars to precisely the right position. Then they detail the cars with incredible skill. They are pristine. All-day, Gary, and Jim are feeding me details on each vehicle. When we leave, the cars are covered again, and the security guards stay around the booth. Two more are added as we go. Damn, that is top secret shit.
Gary takes the whole crew out to dinner. It is an average place, nothing special. However, we are on the strip, and I am positive that it costs an arm and a leg. After we finish with dinner, Gary has some announcements.
Gary is an exceedingly happy man, speaking with a louder than average voice, so all can hear, "First, thank you to my wife for putting up with me. I love you, Martha." Everyone gives him an aww, that makes him blush. "I want to thank all of you for a supreme effort this year with overtime, late nights, and weekends. You all will get 40% of your yearly salary as a bonus. The business has had an exceptional year due to Hanna's efforts. You know the work that Julio and Jim did on those cars. Their skills are almost magical. All three of them got a bit more for unequaled skills.
"You will hear many things about those cars. The final invoice with shipping will be $3.875 million for all ten cars. In two days, the show will open, and Hanna will remove the covers from her tenth favorite to her first. That will be the official number of each car. Tomorrow, every magazine will be in the booth to photograph each car. Security will keep their cameras until an hour before the doors open, and they will be under a non-disclosure agreement to stay silent.
"On the day of the show, a TV crew will be in our booth to see the attendees' reactions as the show opens. Hanna will remove the covers at that time, describe each car, show off the interior, and then move to the next. They will force people to flow through the booth. Starting on the second day of the event, the sides will go up, so more people can see the cars. On the hour, the sides go down for fifteen minutes, to show off the interior lighting effects.
"Jay will show up sometime on day three. By the way, he owns the cars now. We have a contract to show all ten this year, then five, four, three, two, and one in the following years if we choose to. It's his choice to allow more if he wants to. We will still do ten cars next year; however, of the ten, only the five best will go to SEMA, the other owners get stuck with an awesome car." He smiles big.
Martha stands up, raises her glass of wine, and shouts, "To the best crew ever!"
Naturally, everyone cheered.
+++++
After dinner, I am tired. It's been a long day. Jim notices that I look worn out. Hell, he looks worse. Rather than spending time on slots, we go up to our room. Gary and Martha are next door. I can hear them going at it already. I hear Martha, "I said harder! FUCK ME HARDER!!!!"
I stay listening for a bit while Jim strips and gets into bed. I quickly strip and get in next to him.
I ask questioningly, "You know I'll be wearing that cat costume again. This time, the bikini is tan and white. I'll be talking sexually with my breathy voice and teasing those men as much as I can. How do you feel about that? Does it bother you?"
Jim takes a moment to think about his answer, "To me, I like it and hate it. I hate that so many people get to see you; I want you all for myself. I love that you get off on it. You get so horny that the sex afterwards is incredible. Can't have one without the other. We need your talents. However, if you hated it, I would have stopped you.
"It was obvious to me at the first car show. You love being on display, not too slutty like your vagina hanging out or your perfect breasts flopping around. No, you have class. I also know that you truly love doing it, and there's no way I take that from you. Besides, I like helping to bring your horny level down afterward. That's SO much fun."
I giggle, "Well, between this conversation and Martha, I am ... in need."
Jim rolls his eyes like it's not worth the effort. Oh crap, he really is tired. I should let him sleep. However, in a quick flurry of activity, Jim leaps up out of bed, rolls me on my stomach, pulls my body back over my bent legs, and then starts slamming into me fast and hard. Holy shit, where did this come from?
As Jim quickly fucks me, he says, "I have been listening to Gary and Martha for a while. I want me some of what he's getting, and I suspect you want what Martha is getting. I am going to slam my body into you as hard and as fast as I can." SMACK! He cracks his hand on my ass hard!
I was horny from listening to them myself. This is precisely what I wanted. I am moaning to spur him on. Ok, I am moaning because it feels so damn good. I know it spurs Jim on. He loves audio feedback of any kind. I am sweating sheets of perspiration on my forehead, and it's running into my eyes. I use a pillow to soak up the liquid. I spread my legs wider, and Jim is going faster.
With each of his hard thrusts, I now issue an "UGH!"
I can't feel his shaft or the veins sliding in anymore. All I can feel is the helmet on the end, pushing in and out of my tunnel. It's fantastic. I love the pressure, the friction, the all-around fantastic feeling of being fucked quick and hard. His hands are fighting to keep me in place. I am sweating from the intense pleasure. That makes it harder to hold my body in place.
Jim has a magnificent look of concentration on his face. He is making sure that maximum speed is achieved. It's like his car; he puts everything he has into his work. His sex skills are like his auto skills; he earns maximum pleasure from his target audience. My orgasm is creeping up on me. It tries to sit in the background and stew. When I feel it, I fight it, to prevent its appearance. I don't want anything stopping this wondrous feeling.
Oh FUCK! He pulled my hair, forcing me to stand up on my knees and arch my back so that my head tilts back. My breasts are bouncing, and it's an incredible feeling. This distracts me, and my orgasm is sneaking up; it's much closer. I don't want it to come; I NEED to hold it off. It's sooooo hard, though. The fucking is fantastic.
SMACK! He swats my ass. I scream! Shit, my orgasm has almost arrived. No more distractions! I must hold out longer. I want to enjoy it more! Oh, yes, this is awesome. Jim has one hand on my hair, holding me up. His other hand is now trying to slap a breast. He missed several times. In his defense, they are moving around quite a bit.
He finally connects! I hear a loud slapping of skin. I feel my breast going in the wrong direction. Then I feel electricity scald my pussy, burning it with joy. That distracted me enough for my orgasm to break through and get even with me for holding it at bay. I scream, "ARGGGGGGGG," and then collapse.
No passing out for me, just a wonderful feeling. I can't move, talk, or look at anything. I feel Jim fall over onto his side and partially across my body. One hand is holding a breast which he is squeezing. That excites me, and my orgasm decides to intensify. Awesome, I welcome the feeling. However, orgasms are fleeting feelings. Just as quickly as they jump you and kick your ass, they also leave. They typically leave you a mess.
I am exhausted, light-headed, have dry mouth, smell, and short on breath.
Jim is speaking into a pillow, "I will start the shower."
That is an awesome idea. I don't hear Gary and Martha anymore. I have no idea why, but that amuses me to no end.
+++++
The following day, we are woken up early for breakfast. I am needed to model for the magazine photographers. The booth is completely enclosed, so we can get the dark photographs done first. Then the light is let in a bit, and they photograph the rest of the car. We give each photographer one hour. Many took a bit longer. They could have cared less about me, but they did want me in the shots. These guys know their cars, and they are gaga over the interiors.
The guys have seen awesome paint jobs. They have never seen the type of work Jim did. An hour before the show starts, each will get their cameras back to put up pictures as the show starts. It takes a while to send photos, find the best ones, edit them, and then put them on a web page. An hour is fair.
I explain all the facts about the cars. I am corrected by Gary and Jim a lot. It's like a trial run for tomorrow when it's all live on TV. I was glad for this time and having a walk thru. Tonight, everyone is on their own. Get to bed early; it will be a long day tomorrow. Jim and I go to an upscale buffet. We each quickly lose twenty dollars in nickel slots. No wonder these places are so nice; they are efficient at taking your money and leaving a smile on your face.
It's early, but we go back to our room. Jim is looking out the window. We are on the top floor and have a magnificent view. The sun is setting, and the sky is gorgeous. My heart is beating 1000 beats a minute.
Jim drops his head, "It was the photographers, right?"
I have no idea what he is talking about. I don't care; I just want him fucking me. NOW!
Jim gives me a short chuckle, "You were in the zone today. You got off on having your picture taken in that tiny bikini. I am not asking; I know you did. You had them eating out of your hand. They were all silent, listening to you describe the cars, and all the special features with your deep sexy voice. It was inspiring. I am positive those pictures will be amazing. Right now, you don't give a damn about how important that was or how beautiful the sunset it. Nope, you just want to be fucked."
I scoff at him, "I knew exactly what I was doing with those men. You're right, I was manipulating them, and I loved it. I knew how I wanted the pictures to look, and I stopped in those positions. You are correct; the evening sunset is wonderful. It's a magnificent evening."
He taunts me, "Magnificent evening to ..."
Ohh, I hate him, "Fuck."
He almost killed me when he responds with a "No."
I am stunned, speechless, and pissed. I am horny and need fucking.
He finally smiles, after several long seconds, "Tonight I won't just fuck you. Tonight, I will make love to you."
I won't get immediate satisfaction, but I will get far more enjoyment. Sign me up!
Jim takes my hand and leads us away from the open window where we could be seen and into the bedroom. He pulls hard on my hand, pulling my body towards him. He catches me and plants a big kiss on my lips. For him, this is unique; he is gentle; it's barely a kiss. As time goes on, he uses more force. A bit longer, and his tongue is prying open my mouth.
We do a sweet ballet with our tongues. It's dark when we finish. He leaves me, I feel cold. He kisses down my neck and finds my nipples. They are very sensitive tonight. Each time he sucks on them, I let out an "Ohhhhhh ahhhhhh." Tonight, they are driving me up the wall. Almost every touch is a mini orgasm. Sounds great, it isn't. I can't enjoy that great feeling that gives me butterflies in my stomach. This is too much.
I use my hands and cover my breasts. Jim stops, leans back, and gives me a questioning look.
I explain with a grin, "My nipples are on fire tonight. Every touch is a mini orgasm. They're coming too fast; I can't enjoy it."
Jim's response is to push me back into a pillow. He moves down the bed. Will he turn around into a 69? Nope, not tonight, he is maximizing my pleasure. I guess he doesn't understand how much I like pleasing him. I need to work on that.
Yet again, Jim is full of surprises tonight. He starts the evening, not licking me, but rubbing his chin from thigh to thigh, running over my pussy on the way to the opposite side. Oh my, that is a fantastic feeling. He's doing it again, slowly sliding down my leg, then gliding over my opening where I orgasm, and then back up the leg.
That wasn't the world's best orgasm, but it was a keeper, causing Jim to move on. I don't get it. He is using a snail's pace to lick my entrance. Is he doing the alphabet? How amateur. Oh, wait a minute. What the hell? He is barely doing anything, and my orgasm is pushing through, even though I am fighting hard.
My orgasm hits me hard over the head. It completely disregarded all my defenses. He walked up with a bat, slugged me, and it felt beautiful. Why couldn't I prevent that? Why was that technique so effective? He is licking me with his tongue. Like usual, he plays with the lips and mons a bunch. He will give the labia attention, but not much. Tonight, the pressure and intensity vary, making it more interesting. Again, my orgasm sneaks up on me and wallops my ass.
Jim can see the pattern; he changes one more time. I like it much better. I am prepared for a good hard fucking. Nope, wrong again. Jim is far slower today. I wanted to say I am bored, but I'm not. This is a new feeling. I can feel his entire cock sliding into me. OH MY GOD! AMAZING! Oh my, I can feel it sliding in and out. The bulbous head makes room, then the veins on the side "scratch" their way along the tunnel. Scratch isn't the right word. Maybe more of a "tickle" is a better word.
I know I am failing to adequately describe the feeling. I knowingly fall into a zone. I can picture his perfect cock sliding into and out of me. The feeling in slow motion allows me to do this. Yes, everything has slowed down; I am hyper-aware of everything. This feeling is fantastic, yet there is something that impresses me even more. I am looking up into Jim's dark brown eyes. The dilation has changed due to the low light in the room. I see something even more powerful and impressive to me. I see true love in his eyes; he will do anything for me forever. No other woman will ever tempt him.
That warms my heart because he will need to date. So, will I. Otherwise, people will talk about us. Now, I know that I never have to worry; he is mine. Women will be prettier, smarter, richer, younger, and none of that will ever matter. Dammit, I am distracted, and my orgasm rushed to the surface. It kicks my ass big time. Jim never stops.
HOW COOL! I can orgasm all I want while he is in this mode. I know he is paying attention. While I was swimming in my orgasm, enjoying the rush, he smiles at me, knowing that I orgasmed from this slow rate. WOW! According to the clock, Jim fucked me slowly for forty-five minutes. I had three rather satisfying orgasms. I am a BIG fan of this method.
I didn't do anything different. I assume that Jim is finally unable to hold off anymore. He instantly moves from a slow cruising speed to a dragster. He puts the foot down, and instantly we are at his fastest rate. Fuck yeah! I am constantly moaning. Damn, this feels awesome. The contrast between this and the crazy slow speed is incredible.
I was afraid that I wouldn't get this. He doesn't deny me, sorry, OUR fun. He is looking down at me, sweat falling from his forehead, anguish in his face. He is working hard to hold back his orgasm. I want him to release. I have a problem, I can't talk. Soon I won't be able to breathe. It doesn't matter, he screams out his orgasm.
As I feel his jism shoot into my dirty cunt. My orgasm was waiting, hiding, it now washes over me, causing every muscle to contract. WOAH! This is a big one. With each splash of cum, a lightning bolt shoots to my vagina, shocking me and causing a follow-up orgasm. Thankfully, secondary orgasms are much less. At least it feels like they are, the initial one still has my full attention. As I feel Jim fall to my side, I quickly fade out; sleep was held off by sex. No sex, sleep demanded his time. He got it, and it's been a long time since I have slept so well.
+++++
We both wake up from a knock on our common door. That means Martha or Gary wants us. Jim quickly puts on boxers and answers the door. We have a company buffet breakfast in thirty minutes on the first floor. We quickly take a shower. I put on my bikini, a robe, and we go to breakfast. Jim is in black pants and a polo with the company logo. After breakfast, I am off to the TV booth. They are doing my makeup, nails, and hair. They are fantastic, and I have a ton of fun. I have never looked better.
Makeup is tricky. They need to prep me for TV, but I need to look suitable for the live people as well. The TV people will only be around an hour; I will be there for ten hours. After the TV people leave, I am to move between the cars, showing off the features, and basically, do what I do, sell and be sexy.
When I walk into our booth, I take off my robe. Everything stops, and they all whistle at me. I blush, I add the tail and the ears while everyone stares at me. They go back to work. Two TV cameramen are there. They run me through what they want, how I should move, and what order to do the cars in. They don't want me talking much, so the hosts can describe the cars. I explain that I am picking the order, and I will be doing the commentary. Nobody else knows the vehicles and the features.
I ask, "Do you think two dorks in a production studio know how the indirect lighting works, how the LCARS interface work, or a multitude of other things? Not a chance in hell."
They have earpieces to get direction from the director.
They tell me, "Ok, you do your thing, they can always mute you."
I use my breathy voice, "I can be very persuasive."
One of the men says, "I doubt they mute you. You just keep talking like that, and the ratings will skyrocket."
All the guys line outside the booth, staying out of the way. Once the TV guys are done, the shop guys will stand with a car to explain the details and answer questions from the public. Gary, Jim, Julio, and I will wander around, answering questions. Martha will be taking names for potential orders.
While waiting for the show's start, Jim, Gary, Martha, and I sit talking. We are all nervous; this will make or break the company. Of course, we already have almost four million in the bank. Still, there were a lot of costs involved like salary, materials, electronics. It's all hand made. Jim blew his own plastic bubbles. After bonuses, Gary probably clears close to a million dollars. Some was eaten by the loans to buy the cars, pay salaries, and purchase materials until the sale was made.
Could Gary have made more money by selling each car after the show? If it goes well, yes. However, having money in the bank and then doing the show is much safer. The TV people want me. They are letting the first fifty people in now to fill our booth. They want the public there for the facial and audible reactions.
The lights are on, the people are staring at me. I see a countdown of fingers, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, and they point at me.
I smile big, throw up my arms into the air, and say in my best sexy voice, "Welcome to SEMA! This is the Gary Anderson Garage booth. I have here the ten hottest cars on the planet. Let's start with number ten. I slowly peel off the cover, revealing a 1934 Ford Tudor. I know this car like the back of my hand; I start ticking off the features and then show how a few items work or are unique. The crowd is speechless.
+++++
Back in the production booth, the hosts are muting me and saying what I just said.
Both hosts get orders from the director, "Steve and Dave, do you hear how awesome that woman is? Do you hear how knowledgeable she is? SHUT THE FUCK UP! You sound like teenage dorks trying to prove you're smarter than a woman when it's painfully obvious you aren't. You can do a recap at the end where you describe your favorites. Until then, STAY OFF THE FUCKING AIR!"
+++++
I have just taken the cover off car #2. I saved you from the tedious car descriptions; they are all cool. We are past our allotted hour, but nobody is pushing me.
I continue, "Obviously, the paint scheme on this one is the star. The entire car looks like it could take off and fly into outer space. The wheels are mostly hidden front and back. Open the door. Oops, sorry, no handles. Press here." A panel fades into the door, and a number pad appears. I type in an eight-digit code, and the door opens on its own. Inside is where it really gets cool. For you science fiction fans, that is the Star Trek LCARS interface. The difference is, this one works and runs the entire car.
"There are two large touchscreen monitors that control everything. Like the other cars, indirect lighting throughout. This one changes colors and is programmable, has Italian leather seats, a warp drive in the back seat, and star chart turn by turn navigation. The dashboard is ultra-modern, modeled after TV starships. There are options to put data on the windshield, fully customizable, of course.
"For each driver, as you talk, the system recognizes your voice, adjusts the seats, and the HUD (Heads up Display.) This is the technology that fighter pilots use, like car #5, the Airplane. Now, over here ..."
+++++
Finally, we are on the last car. Everyone is salivating and guessing. I teasingly reveal the vehicle, there is a gasp at seeing the car. The hood is like a forming wave, the cab is the wave crashing, and then the trunk is the smoothing out of the waves. This car has running boards that look like the edge of a surfboard. They are even rounded, just like a real surfboard.
I look at a man on the opposite side of the car, "Please open the door ... now!" Both doors open, and the people that can see, all shout, "WOW!"
I continue on TV, "This is my favorite car. As you can see, it's like your scuba diving inside the car. The dashboard looks like coral with red LED lights. Each gauge is separate and is hand shaped like a bubble. They are placed where you want them, but the placement isn't lined up, their sort of random, like nature. The ceiling isn't a steady color, it shimmers as if you were underwater."
I motion for the cameraman to come in; he sits in the back seat as I go through every feature, the sound effects, and the amazing lighting. The leather looks like sand, and the inside is mostly painted to continue the fantastic look from the outside. Sure, the armrest is soft, but it's a fish, it should be. On the driver side, an eel comes out of a hole and then back into another for their armrest.
I look back at the cameraman, "I'm sorry for taking so long. I hope you have enjoyed the show and these cars. We're going to close the walls and roof off to make it dark in here. Then you can see some of the amazing lighting that is done on the inside. The military truck was excellent, but in the dark, it has a control room lighting effect that is killer, yet doesn't interfere with driving.
"All the cars have something special for the night. Lighted running boards, cool headlight tricks, or even more amazing interior lighting effects. Look around and see how many you can see. Then ask one of the crew, they will point out the rest to you. Well, it's been awesome showing all of you these awesome cars. I wish you were here ... with me. Maybe next yearrrrrr? Back to our hosts and goodbye from SEMA!"
I wave my hand goodbye until they turn off the lights on the cameras.
The guy sets down his camera and looks at me.
He is stumbling as he says, "Damn. You are cute as hell, sound like a seductress, and have advanced knowledge of cars. You might be the perfect woman."
Gary saves me; he comes over laughing and hugs me, "She is taken already. You are right, though; you saw her on TV for almost two hours. She is special."
Both doors are open, people start rushing in and the booth is packed. They open the top for safety, too many people in a small area. The TV guys take off, everyone wants my autograph. Julio and Jim sit off to the side, talking. They are letting the crew get the accolades from the fans.
A writer comes to me, "Why are the crew on the booth floor, aren't metal workers common?"
I smile at the man, "Either you're very smart or very dumb. Every one of these men is a seasoned expert in working metal or assembling cars. These ten cars were rust buckets when they came in. Huge sections wholly rusted out. You are right, a lot of men across the country can fix that type of metal. However, these men all had to learn new skills.
"My brother comes in and says yes, that's great work. However, I need a groove in the metal that's a 1/16 inch ever inch for my lighting. Jim runs a few strands of fiber-optics in that groove. The body guys must now add body filler yet can't cover the wires, only seal them in place. Nobody does that.
"Each of these guys had to learn new tricks and techniques that allowed this fantastic work to happen. Yes, my brother can do the work. But if he does, he only gets one or two cars done in a year. With everyone working as a team, they did thirteen."
The man looks at me with surprise, "Thirteen? They're only ten here. Do you have three for sale?"
I laugh at the clueless man, "You're funny. After the ten were made, Jay gave us three prepped cars, and we did three more. I love the Ocean car, Gary the Spaceship, and Martha's - Gary's wife, the Cheetah. They are modern cars, not nearly as impressive. But for the three of us, very drivable. As Jay explained to me, these here cars are museum-quality pieces; you don't drive these every day. It was a team project; they all did their job. That's how we got all ten done in one year. To answer your question, yes, they are just metal men. But they are much more than that as well.
"Nobody has ever done door handles like we did on the spaceship and the military vehicles. We're setting the new standard. Jim has more ideas; we'll stay ahead of the curve for a while. Make no mistake, the next Jim is out there, and Jim just motivated him with these ten cars. The best part, everyone wins."
The man asks me, "Where are you in ten years?"
Without thinking, I answer, "Probably married, sitting at home with children, updating the product web site with the newest model's pictures. Jim's name will be big, people will buy his stuff because of his brand. We will be selling for years. Jim has no limit of ideas; he will keep the product line fresh."
The man says, "Thank you. I won't hold you up; your fans await you, my dear."
I wanted to show off the cars, but I end up spending all day giving away autographs. Jim and Julio bought everyone lunch. Gary bought dinner. We eat in shifts, so someone is there to help the public. It's a long day. Closing could not come quick enough.
When they finally do close, I sit in the closest car. They guys are wiping down the cars. I get out and sit on the ground, my head in my hands, propped up. Mom drops a bottle of orange juice in my lap. She has enough for everyone. When did she get here? The juice is icy cold, precisely what all of us need.
Gary yells out, "One done, four more to go!" Now less excited, "Yeah, me too. How about we go over to the 'Blue Bar' and have a drink before going to bed?"
I can't get up. Steve, a big burly mountain, picks me up like a kitten and puts me over his shoulders while holding my body tight to him. He carried me over to the bar.
On the way over, he asks the group, "Did anyone catch Hanna's interview with the writer? I had no idea she knew what we went through to prep the cars. With Julio and Jim, we all learned new skills and shared them with each other. They now know there is a higher level of skill out there and we all have it. It was awesome to hear you give us thanks when Julio and Jim clearly are the difference makers."
Before I can answer, Jim is all over him, "Oh, wait a minute there. Without you all doing the work I asked, there is no way I get thirteen cars done in one year. I get three tops. She's right; you all stepped up your game and did the crazy-ass stuff I requested. Even when I didn't know how it would happen, you got it done. The assemblers had it harder. Most of my stuff is not on the drawing, and some things like the Spaceship monitors, that was a lot of computer work.
"The keyless entry, that too was amazing engineering. I could go on and on. It was a team effort, we need each other. That's part of why I selected your company; I could tell the difference in the metalwork and assembly. I wanted the best for my interior designs. I knew Julio was talented, but wow, the things he did even blew away the pictures in my mind away."
Jim looks dreary, "You know, I'm worn out. I'm going to bed. Good night everyone."
Mom went up with him. Everyone looks surprised that I don't go up with Jim like mom is doing.
I explain, "I love my brother. When I was younger, I was careless. Twice he saved my friends and me from a horrible situation. With him being older and more mature than boys my age, he seemed perfect. Our father was killed in the first Gulf war. Jim set his life and ambitions aside to help mom and care for me. How many of you guys had to discuss the finer points of breasts, bras, panties, and the pill to your younger sister?
"So, yes, I love him deeply. I also want to get married, have children, and have a family. Right now, my body is killer, and it's perfect for selling cars. That's short-lived; in a few years or with my first child, my modeling life is over. I can still do the web site and sales, but models need to be young and cute."
With a tear in my eye and my bottom lip trembling, I say to the group, "I'll need to date someone, have sex with them, marry them, and it will break Jim's heart. I don't know if I can love someone else. I know I can have sex with others, that's fun. But I fear there is only one man for me, and it's one I can't have."
Tyler asks me, "Why not?"
Sniffling, I answer, "It's against the law. All of you know that. All it takes is one jealous person, and we would be in the national rags, in jail, and our lives would be shattered."
Tim replies, "You don't have a clue, do you? No, I can see it in your face."
Sean says, "Two years ago, we were at home, watching SEMA's live coverage. Every single one of us here was at Gary's home drinking beer. We worked our asses off, and SEMA turned us down. Not only were we not highlighted, but they also didn't even want to see us. We weren't considered interesting enough to be allowed in their show. They have a limited number of booths, it's invitation only to pay them lots of money."
Julio continues, "I have talent, they have talent, nobody really married it together. Nobody could tell me the vision. I always got, 'Pick a cool color kid.' Your brother comes in here, and he paints a picture in words. I understand the overall vision he has and an idea of the color range I can work in. Then he tells me where I can do airbrushing to get specific effects or pinstripes."
Gary adds, "I feel the metal, and it talks to me. I know what I need to do. I don't see the whole concept. Jim has helped us all improve by working towards a common vision. We each add our parts when and where it's needed. He doesn't tell me every detail, he gives me a general idea, and then I fill it in with my experience. When needed, he is specific."
Martha adds, "Gary has done fenders the same way for decades. Jim challenged him to do it a different way, so it works with the running boards. Hearing these guys talk now, I can see it. They had no focus, no vision. They were each doing their own thing. Their skills and craftsmanship were good enough that the cars were still super.
"With Jim to head up the projects, it's a perfect storm. We had no idea we even needed him for that. It's only after he came aboard and explained each of the projects in detail, and then drew pictures of key points, that it focused everyone."
Tears are pouring down my face, "I still don't see how this helps me find a husband and have children. You all know how I feel."
Jeremy laughs, "Do I have to beat you with a stick? You already have the same last name. To everyone but the government, you're already married! Go buy yourself a ring. As far as a baby is concerned, every one of us would stand-in for Jim in a heartbeat. My guess, you want Jim, though. None of us will ever measure up. So, if you're going to call him husband, you need to be faithful, and only fuck your husband."
Billy adds, "I've been married for thirty-eight years. I had affairs. Sex with anyone but someone you love is never as good. To be honest, I haven't had sex with you yet, and from listening to your voice all day, I would be more than willing. However, you don't want me. You don't want any of us. You only want one man."
Ron speaks up, "Do you see a trend here? I believe we're all suggesting that you go back to your room. I think you'll find a very worn out and horny man up there that would love to do nothing more than to make love to you. If he doesn't, each of us would be more than willing to stand in."
I can't believe these answers.
My tears are drying up when I ask, "Nobody wants to take me to bed?"
Martha says it well, "Oh no, they all do. What they are trying to tell you is go sleep with the man you love."
Steve stands up, and he roughly grabs me, AGAIN! I am lifted out of my chair; he holds me in his arms like I am an infant.
Gary tells him, "2208."
I am being carried to my room. I give Steve a kiss to embarrass him in front of everyone. We got many weird looks as I am carried up to my room by this huge man.
I say softly, "You really don't have to do this, you know."
Steve smiles, "My feet are killing me. I think we're all worn out. Nothing we do comes close to the attention you got us. Nobody sells cars like you do. Please allow me to help an employee who needs to be on top of her game every day. One of us can hide or sleep during the show. Not you. Everyone is looking for you and wants to meet you. You heard the people, 'Can you introduce me to Hanna?' They even know your name. You're more than just, 'That cute girl.'
"Besides, my room is next door. I enjoy hearing the screams." He chuckles. "Around my neck is a necklace. I want you to take it off." Cautiously, I reach behind his neck and unclasp the necklace. "It's chock full of engagement rings. Pick one you like."
I am blunt, "No. No. I can't do that. Some of these are worth a lot of money. No, they're yours. You keep them, I like the way they jingle."
Steve has a tear in his eye, "Myself and several of my friends have had a bad run with women. Partially, it was because we were too young. One friend donated six rings. Since you just got married tonight, you need a wedding ring. It's why I collect these, for people in need."
I pick a beautiful setting with a smaller diamond but exceptional sapphires surrounding the center gem. I show it to Steve as I am full of tears.
He looks at it and smiles, "That was the first one I gave my fianc. She hated it. I bought three more before I figured out this is the wrong woman. This proves I do have good taste after all."
I hug Steve, "Yes, you do. There were two other nice ones, but this stood out the most."
Steve reminds me, "Give it to your mom during the day. We need you to look single and available. You are so sexy."
We are at the door, and Steve knocks on the door. I have my key and could have just walked in.
Jim answers the door and looks confused.
Steve says, "Trick or Treat!"
Steve then hands me over, now Jim is holding me in his arms.
Steve smiles and says, "Congratulations!" Jim has a bewildered look on his face. "You're such a lucky guy." He pauses. "You know ... on getting married. What a treat"
Jim's jaw drops.
Steve smiles as he continues, "Hanna was explaining about having to marry someone she didn't love, so she could have a family. I mean like you can't get married, too many of us know. Right?" Jim's head nods up and down. "Well, we had a vote. Hanna won. She gets to marry the man she loves. Do you know who that is?"
Jim nods his head, yes. He seems incapable of speech.
Steve is on a roll, "Ok, so maybe we didn't tell the government or the county, and maybe we didn't have a service. We did a round of drinks, though. That seems to satisfy all of us. To us, you're married, and on Hanna's birthday. We told Hanna how important you two are to us. You specifically get the design ideas and have made everyone better at their profession. I don't need to explain what Hanna does. Even your mom has helped. We now all have retirement plans and insurance. We love you two."
He has a sly smile on his face now, "You two need sleep for tomorrow. You don't have time to fuck her for three hours. If I am so bold ... I dare you to take her. Impose your will and show her who the boss is. You'll both enjoy it."
I get his attention, "Steve! Thank you for everything. Now go to bed!" I close the door.
Jim still has a surprised look on his face. I am going to tease him; this should be fun.
I start with my shy look, "They all want to fuck me. Had you been asleep, I'd have taken Steve. He's such a big, sweet man. I bet his cock is huge, and he knows how to treat a woman. I can only imagine him taking me, stripping off my clothes. I would fight him, but no way I can stop a man that big. He does what he wants to me. I bet I love it. Oh yes, to have a huge cock sliding into and out of my pussy. Oh yes, that would be ..."
Jim is furious. Two quick steps to enter our bedroom, mom is in the second bedroom. I am thrown on the bed. I quickly take off my bikini before he rips it. Jim is stripping himself. He is so fueled with rage; he has tangled his arms in his shirt. He screams and shreds his shirt. Holy fuck, he is pissed. This is something I have never seen. Jim grabs me and positions me in the center.
He looks into my eyes, "So, you want to fuck other men, huh? We'll see about that."
I try to say that it was Steve's words. My first squeak, and he slaps my face. Damn, that hurt.
Jim's veins are popped, he forces the words, "Shut your face, you dirty cunt. You're mine. You hear me, MINE!" He slowly inserts his cock, then takes off at his fastest speed. "I am the only one that fucks you." He is slamming into me hard. Each thrust causes a lightning bolt to surge through my body. "No orgasm unless I allow it. You need to BEG for your orgasm!"
What have I done! He's gone insane! Jim lets out a burst of maniacal laughter that chills me to the bone. He's like a Dr. Frankenstein on Halloween. Wait, it is Halloween, my birthday. OH FUCK, I am screwed!
On the positive side, I am gettering the proverbial fast and hard. He is straining to keep up the speed and pound the fuck out of my body. I feel his body hitting my pubic bone, and it is uncomfortable. His hair is curled, and no two hairs are going in the same direction. His face is dark pink. Sweat is falling off his body in sheets. The muscles in his arms are bulging with veins popped out for easy viewing. I had no idea he was so buff.
I tease him, "I want my orgasm madman."
He laughs at me, "That was so pathetic, I should stop fucking you."
He lifts a leg and swats my ass hard. I am positive that it left five fingers. I cry out, and a double bolt hits my entire body. What the fuck was that? Lightning, from where?
He still has an intense and angry look on his face. Yup, I pushed him too far. I hope I can walk tomorrow. He is fucking me faster and harder than ever. OH SHIT! He just found a new speed. I am grunting as I fight to get enough air. I can't believe how awesome this is. I am positive I have a goofy smile on my face that makes him even madder at me. He fucks me harder and faster. I get more joy and satisfaction.
Oh, oooo, he is slowing down. He is losing the edge.
I taunt him, "Wearing out already, yup, I should have had Steve fuck me. He probably would have used doggie and drilled me from behind like a real man."
Oh, yes, that did it. My body is jerked from the bed and tossed into doggie. In a split second, he is back to an extreme fucking. Now he can easily spank my ass as well, which he does twice, and then twice more.
I scream, "I NEED MY ORGASM NOW!"
Jim counters, "Fuck you bitch! That wasn't desperate enough."
He has plenty of energy now; he loved denying me an orgasm. Oooo, he is so sexy right now.
I am meeting his thrusts. He laughs and smacks my ass again. Oh shit, not sure I can hold back much longer!
I cry out a pathetic plea, "Please! I NEED TO CUM! Pleaseeeeeeeee."
He is still reaming my cunt like a mad man.
I beg, "I. I. I need. To. To. Cummmmmmmm."
Jim slowly lances my hole and holds it as a massive geyser of baby batter shoots forth into my body as Jim says, "Now my love, you may cum!"
He broke me, my orgasm releases, and my body overflows with pleasure. I have zero control of my body. My scream starts with a low, deep bellow, and then quickly scales up to a high note before I collapse on the bed. I am exhausted. I can't see or feel Jim. That worries me until I hear his heavy breathing.
The mother fucker says in a weak voice, "We need to get married on your birthday more often."
My only response is to laugh my ass off until I fall asleep.
+++++
It's still dark out when I wake up. I am spooned up with Jim, in bed, my head on a pillow. A blanket covers us. I am caked with cum, the sheets are wet still, and the room reeks of sex. Such powerful memories. I go back to bed with a huge smile on my face. Best Birthday/Halloween ever.
+++++
The rest of the show is a let down from all the first day's secrecy and pageantry. We met many friendly people, lots of celebrities, signed lots of autographs, and showed off our cool cars. It was a lot of long hours, but it was apparent that we are the show's stars. I heard about other cars, but these ten are a fantastic sight. Each is special in one way or another. Some are special in several ways. The web site sold out of all products in stock, and we need to ship everything in a week.
I will be placing some huge orders when we get back. Mom has been more active and helped show off the cars. I think she enjoyed it a lot. I know she enjoyed taking Jim on the third night. I was mad, but really, I can't get too mad at my own mom. Besides, I need a break, I was getting sore.
+++++
We are dropped off at the shop after flying home. Everyone has three days off; we are all exhausted. I am not exhausted. Ok, yes, I am, but I am also as excited as I have ever been. Today, I get to drive my Ocean car. I have never had a turbo before. My heavy foot almost put us in a tree. Fortunately, the car handles like a dream. It took us three hours to drive the twenty minutes home.
We stop for gas, and a hundred people rush the car. People driving by stop to see the magnificent car. Some had seen the cars online, some just thought it was the most fantastic thing they have ever seen. Wait until the Spaceship and Cheetah are seen on the streets. Oh my. As we drive along, people point at the car and go crazy out the window.
I got pulled over for going too fast. Within twenty minutes, the entire police station has surrounded us and is checking out the car. We talk for an hour about SEMA and the security. Then we talk about how this is number eleven. No ticket was issued! I did get a warning; they know who I am now. I wonder, is that good or bad?
+++++
Over the next few months, we rent a building, hire warehouse people, do our own advertising, and create a web site. Everything Jim touches turns to gold. He is a huge celebrity for parts. He still works for Gary, does cars, and considers himself Gary's employee even though he makes more money on car parts. Jay Leno sure knows what he was getting into. The stuff flies off the shelves even though many other people are copying his stuff.
Jim's parts are top quality, and he stands behind everything. He once flew out to prove that a guy was wrong. A writer went with him and made an amazing article about the event.
Nine months after SEMA, Janet came into our lives. I told everyone, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. Well, except Janet, she is a keeper. Jim loves being a father, even if he can't take credit.
At next year's SEMA, Jim has another ten cars, and they are even better than the first ten cars. These are also the type of vehicles a guy might build himself with our parts. Of course, Jim added many new innovations, he can't keep still.
It seems I got knocked up by some "random stranger" again at SEMA. I need to explain to Jim that I will need even more help as it's hard to raise a child as a "single parent." Ha, ha, ha.
The End