(Or Dani Finds Her Muse)
[Content Warning: This story contains examples of emotional manipulation and gaslighting.
Author's Notes: Before you get invested in this very long story let me give you the heads-up for the kinks so you know beforehand if this is worth it. This is a cheating girlfriend revenge fuck story, with a happy ending for her. There's hate-sex, lusty sex, and loving sex: and as normal for my stories this is deliberately over the top smut with bodily fluids galore and little need for rest between rounds. If you're interested then read on, otherwise check out any number of the amazing stories posted to Literotica on a daily basis - there's probably another author writing stuff you'll love more than my works!]
The UK county of Eroshire is a land of mundane features; mostly flat fields marked by colossal wind turbines and divided by old canals now used only by tourists in their plodding canal boats (though what happens on those boats is anything but 'plodding'!). Only the route marked by the river Eros is different; winding a picturesque path up a gently sloping valley from the coastal city of Coytoss, up past the university near Clinterus, to the sleepy town of Myle Hye.
As she sat at the small table on their patio enjoying the early morning rays of a lazy March sun Dani Cohen sipped her morning coffee and endured the silence of a typical Myle Hye morning, as it seemed its inhabitants never woke up before ten. Dressed in baggy sweatpants and a blue sports bra that only barely held her large fake tits, with her long black hair tied up in a simple bun behind her head and her long pale neck exposed to a sun that somehow could never tan her skin, Dani was five feet and eight inches of home-grown Eroshire beauty (and when she opened her mouth sounded every bit the Eroshire lass).
Sipping her coffee, Dani mused on how much she hated mornings here in Myle Hye.
No traffic outside to wake her with the car horns of angry drivers; no screaming matches in the early morning with accusations of cheating being hurled at the highest of volumes; no drilling into old water mains in an endless, futile effort to discover why people's pipes kept exploding; no bed posts slamming against walls as someone slammed into someone else in a fit of lust-fuelled coupling. Oh no: out here as far west as one could go before leaving Eroshire for its neighbour Cambridgeshire there was little noise save for the birds, the bees, and the odd car traversing the street on the other side of the house.
It was peaceful.
And Dani fucking hated it.
Yet it had apparently been her choice to 'join the Myle Hye Club', as moving to the town was often called, or it might have been her boyfriend's, Jacob Cook - Dani couldn't recall which of them originally came up with the idea. What she did recall was that Jake did not like living in the city: he had made it clear many times that he hated the noise, hated the bustle, hated the smell and the sights, and he hated the couple who had lived next door to their expensive flat, and who would often wake Dani with the sound of their fucking in the early hours of the morning.
Jake hated it; hated everything about that spacious flat, while Dani had loved every moment in it; being so much larger than any place she had ever called home before meeting Jake. Yet Jake had made it clear every day after she had moved in with him that he planned to move to a much quieter place someday, and just been looking for a reason to, and Babe: You Are the Reason.
After everything he had done for her Dani couldn't so no when Jake began talking about options, and one of them (her memory was a little hazy on this) suggested Myle Hye, and before she knew it Jake had bought a small two-bedroom house in a town on the other side of the world (OK, county) and they had bagged all their shit and moved out within the span of a week.
Dani's best friend, Zehra, had positively lost her shit about all of this.
The house was gorgeous, and Dani loved its rural aesthetic - good old-fashioned English abode with mock Tudor beams - and spacious garden, but what she wasn't a fan of was turning an easy twenty-minute commute (from Jake's old flat) to a gruelling ninety minute long journey on the train; travelling from Myle Hye's single station into central Coytoss, where they both worked: Jake at the law firm Hills & Follett, and Dani at the animation company Blue Ball.
This hadn't gone down well with Zehra, who constantly told Dani that she was trapped in a town where nothing happened, with a long, hellish journey back to the city; where there was life, love, adventure; where something was always happening just around the corner.
Her friend might have a point.
But it had been Dani's choice, and she had made it for Jake: he definitely had cheered up since the move. Not having those moments of frightening anger from him made her days easier; Dani found she could concentrate on her art, and while Myle Hye was maddeningly quiet at least there wasn't any chance of one of Jake's 'dark moods' to disturb her attempts to sketch new ideas. Her boss had been on her case for a while now; the company struck gold several years back with a creation of hers, and she had had trouble coming up with anything quite as good.
With her art pad on her knees, Dani continued to sketch random ideas that popped into her head, as she listened to Jake's phone conversation: he was just inside the house, pacing up and down the kitchen with his mobile held to his head; the kitchen sliding doors wide open to allow the pleasantly warm March morning air to waft through the house, especially after the disaster that had been this morning's attempt at breakfast. Dani felt embarrassed about it, and more so that she had almost caused another dark mood in her boyfriend.
She should have listened to him when he had said not to get distracted.
"I don't think you understand what's at stake here," Jake was saying as he paced the length of their modest kitchen. "No! You fucking listen to me, Theo! I don't fucking care how much we've got on them; none of it will hold up in court. No... stop being an arrogant piece of shit... we need more if we're to build a case... no you *will* listen to me: I have more experience on this than- I don't fucking care, Theo. Fine... run to Ewa like the mummy's boy you are. Yeah... fuck you too."
Dani winced as she listened to her boyfriend talk with his colleague. After accidentally burning the breakfast this conversation definitely won't put Jake in a good mood. She needed him to be in a good mood: she couldn't draw when he wasn't in a good mood, and she needed to come up with something good; her art pads were full of shit these past few months.
"Fucking entitled cunt," Jake declared as he walked out to stand beside her.
"Was that Theo?" Dani said. She'd met none of Jake's colleagues; he always said, when asked, that none of them were good people. Liars and cheaters, who would use her for their own means Jake told her. 'It's best if you don't get exposed to the shit I have to deal with,' he had said. Still, Dani had managed to learn the names of a few people through listening to Jake's conversations on the phone, whenever his work called. Theo [last name unknown] was a recurring name.
"Don't worry about it," Jake said. Not answering her question about his work, as normal. Jake never liked talking about his job; preferring to listen to Dani talk about her work at the Blue Ball instead. "I tell you: my life would be so much easier if people listened to me to begin with."
Dani nodded; it was always best to agree with him when he was like this. "Why aren't they?"
"Because Theo thinks he knows better, despite working for the company less than I have," he said. Jake had been working at Hills & Follet for over fifteen years; at thirty-seven he was almost ten years older than Dani. She always preferred older guys, and Jake had ticked all her boxes on their first date, some three years ago. Now she was living with him in a quaint Eroshire town.
Funny how that worked out.
"Sounds like he's a difficult man to work with," Dani said. Moments like this - where she got to find out more details of Jake's life at work - were rare, and she enjoyed seizing the opportunities when presented.
"Yeah... him and Mark: the two are fucking inseparable," Jake muttered. Then frowned, as if he suddenly realised he was talking about work; a subject he generally avoided. Glancing down at her, Dani had a brief rush of fear as it looked like he was going to chastise her for getting him to talk about his colleagues. Then Jake smiled: "don't you worry about it. How's the art?"
"Oh... erm... coming along," Dani lied. She actually hated everything she was drawing. Nothing was working out how she imagined it in her head. What had happened to her art? Ever since she had moved here she just couldn't get into the right vibe! It was so easy back in the city...
"See, babe: I told you moving out here to the country would help you," Jake said. He kissed her on the neck. "You couldn't concentrate with all that noise going on in the city."
Had she said that? Sometimes it was hard for Dani to remember what she had said to Jake. He always said it had been her suggestion to move out here; he'd just acted on it. Though she didn't recall having a moment of frustration where she might have angrily suggested moving out of the city. She loved the city! Though maybe she had... Dani wasn't sure anymore.
"I guess..." Dani said, her voice trailing off. "But this used to be easier..."
"Relax, babe," Jake said, kissing her neck again. "You'll kill it. I know you will. This is the best place for your talents. You know I'm right."
"Yeah..." Dani reached up behind her to scratch the back of his head affectionately. He liked it when she did so. Dani could tell that the conversation he had with Theo had annoyed Jake, and she wanted to placate him; it was too early in the morning for one of Jake's moods, and despite the suffocating silence surrounding their little slice of Myle Hye it was nonetheless a pleasantly warm morning; maybe, if she really tried, Dani could somehow reconnect with how she used to feel when she drew. "You're right, babe. You're always right."
He kissed the top of her head. "Moving out here was the best thing for you," he said. "You look so much more refreshed than you used to."
"Do I?" Perhaps she did; but Dani didn't *feel* refreshed these days. "Maybe..."
"If you could see yourself how I see you now," Jake said, gently stroking her long black hair. "I see a beautiful, talented woman, who one day will be a fantastic mother."
She smiled: Jake did love to talk about their future. They had only been dating for three years - twice as long as Dani's average, to be honest - but Jake loved to talk about raising a family with her. He said he'd never thought about having children with any of his earlier girlfriends; she was the first with whom he felt a genuine connection (so he said). Dani found it flattering at first; she had since grown used to it and treated it as just another way Jake told her he loved her.
Just as she loved him: Jake was so unlike her previous boyfriends. Growing up with a friend as wild as Zehra Sydin had introduced Dani to many men who were, with the benefit of hindsight, not great boyfriend materials: from the loudmouths to the addicts, Dani had slept with guys who she had later regretted fucking. Too many.
So Jake had been a refreshing change of pace for her. A high-flying lawyer at the most elite of firms in the city - Hills & Follett - who earned more than Dani ever thought she would in her life, and she credited his stabilising influence in her landing her job at Blue Ball. It was a job that let her fully unleash the creativity she had been dabbling in all these years; doodles on spare bits of paper between shooting up in the grimier pubs of the city; graffiti on the walls of underpasses in the centre of the city; using all manner of random sauces, foods and the like when, in the grip of drug-induced madness, she had created wild, elaborate works of art on the cum-stained walls of her current boyfriend's bachelor pad.
That last one had seen at least two relationships end quickly afterwards (but not before Dani had managed to capture her work with her phone camera, when the drugs wore off).
In short, Dani was a fucking artist, and so joining a company like Blue Ball was just what she needed in her life. Being a company that specialises in taking on all manner of jobs for anyone who wanted to hire their team, Dani found herself bouncing from TV adverts to sports logos; the artwork adorning daycare centres and playgrounds, to helping re-design the map of the Coytoss train, rail and tram systems. Dani had frequently found herself at the University of Eroshire - a place she never thought she would see - working with art students on a range of projects.
In short, it was a dream job, with people she loved working with; especially the new guy...
"What are you thinking of, babe?"
Dani tipped her head back to look up at Jake. "Just thinking how much I love you," she said. Jake didn't like to hear her talk about her work, and he especially didn't like the new guy. Dani didn't know why: Gareth was a warm, friendly man, six years younger than her (and fresh out of university!). Dani enjoyed working with him, and it was knowing that she would be back in the Blue Ball offices tomorrow that had brought the smile to her face that Jake had commented on.
"I love you too, babe," Jake said.
They kissed: their heads in different directions.
"I've invited the Farrows round tonight," Jake said. "I'm thinking of pasta."
Dani forced her features to remain neutral: the Farrows were their neighbours. An older pair - the wife was on the town committee - and they were both filthy rich; and Dani was certain that was why Jake insisted on them coming round for dinner almost every week.
Not that she minded them: Albert Farrow was nice enough, although possibly old enough to be her father (and Dani wasn't sure about the way he'd look at her), while Felicity Farrow was... exactly who Dani would think of as being on a town committee: the type of older woman who considered it her business to have her finger in every pie in the town.
They weren't distasteful company, by a long margin, but not the type of people Dani wanted to hang out with.
No, *her* type of people were several miles away in the city. No doubt waking up to a day full of noise and activity; feeling the hustle and bustle of life in a large urban environment.
"Babe, try and be on your best behaviour tonight."
"What do you mean?" Dani said, frowning. She was normally cordial with the Farrows.
"I know you mean well, it's just... Felicity says you're a little too forward with Albert," Jake said as he stroked her hair. "It's not your fault, babe: you're naturally warm and friendly, I get it. It's what I love about you. Just remember Albert is a little old-school and what you might consider appropriate he might not."
That wasn't how Dani remembered the last time the Farrows came over: Albert had squeezed her leg under the table when he thought his wife had been engrossed in conversation with Jake. Dani hadn't said anything: she didn't want to upset Jake, but the experience hadn't been a good one. She had mentioned it to Jake afterwards, and he had laughed and told her that Albert was just being friendly, and she shouldn't take offence to it. He was a product of his time, after all.
Dani didn't think so, but she hadn't said anything, and the next day wondered if Jake was right after all. Albert did seem such a sweet old man.
"I'm sorry if I caused you any trouble," Dani said. She didn't want to give Jake aggro: if only so she didn't have to endure one of his dark moods. It wasn't that he became violent or anything - Jake would never hit her, Dani was sure of it - but he did shout a lot, and there was an air to him when he was in one of these moods that reminded Dani of her past; of times spent in dark dens, with a needle in hand. It was when Jake was in one of his moods that Dani thought about when she had last hit up - almost four years now - and made her wonder... maybe... just one more.
But then he would smile, kiss her, and the Jake she knew and loved would return, and with his reappearance in her life the strength she needed to make it through another drug-free day came back, and Dani knew her life was better; and it would get better every day.
Moving here, to Myle Hye, was one step on that wonderful path, she was sure of it. Jake would turn out to be right, as always: she needed the peace and quiet to reconnect with her art, to find within herself the talent she knew was hiding deep inside her. It used to come to her so easily; it would again. Dani was sure of it.
She just needed to get used to this silence.
She just needed to trust in Jake. He had never let her down.
"You never cause me trouble, babe," Jake said, stroking her hair. "I love you."
"Love you too."
Their tender kissing turned more passionate, and Jake stepped around to straddle the chair; a quick and effortless move on his part to lift her skinny frame and settle her on his lap. Their lips danced and their tongues slashed. Jake pulled down her sweatpants just far enough to reveal no underwear beneath (Dani often went commando when at home - it gave Jake easier access!) His own trousers were unbuttoned, and Dani helped him release the behemoth that made her feel so good.
In addition to being the best boyfriend a girl could ask for, Jake was hung like a fucking horse! At just over ten inches he was by far the largest she had ever taken, and he was definitely thicker than most guys she had fucked. As she helped him guide that monster inside her Dani moaned as she felt her pussy spread wide open by Jake's colossal girth.
"Hmmm... oh fuck... oh you feel so good..." Dani moaned as she began to bounce her hips onto Jake's thick cock. So fucking thick: he spread her wide like none of her previous boyfriends had. Dani felt so full of Jake's cock it was unreal! He went deep inside her, reaching places she didn't know even existed, and when he made her cum her vision almost blacked out. She saw fucking stars! "So fucking good... oh fuck..." Dani moaned as her hips rocked against his. His huge cock pumped up deep into her.
They always fucked without protection. Jake had told her that first night they had fucked that he never used condoms, and Dani, being on the pill, was fine with that. With a cock like this one why the fuck would she make him use rubber? She wanted to feel every thick inch of Jake's huge dick as it plunged up again and again into her moist, warm pussy.
Right now, here on the patio of their spacious garden, secluded by the tall fences that Jake had installed the moment they moved in (replacing the ones that Jake, being 6' 5", could see over, no issue), they fucked with more fury and passion than one would expect from a couple three years into their relationship.
The sex saw them move from one position to another, as Jake held her face-down on the table between the patio chairs and fucked her ruthlessly from behind. Dani bit her tongue as she came hard, before Jake picked her up and carried her inside. In the kitchen he fucked her against the counter. Dani leaned back on the fake marble surface, knocking over jars and pots left lying out from dinner last night. Jake kissed her hard when she came, then lifted her into his arms again, carrying her over to the kitchen table and planting her on her back.
Spreading her legs wide Jake grinned at Dani as he pistoned his dick, and she came hard again and again until it felt like her pussy was about to explode - it had been just over an hour and she had cum a dozen times! Jesus Christ, her boyfriend was a sex machine!
Jake had his usual look of triumph when he slammed his cock all ten inches deep and blasted a truly staggering amount of cum into her. Yet another area where he outperformed her previous boyfriends: Dani had never felt so much cum in her pussy and womb. Thank God she was on the pill, for Jake's cum was thick and full of sperm, and Dani had little desire to be a mother again.
Not yet, at any rate.
"Now that's how you start the day," Jake said, wiping his cock with a towel as he regarded her; Dani still lying back on the table, a hand on her chest as she struggled to catch her breath.
"Fuck! Yes! Oh my God..." Dani moaned, still recovering from her last cum. "Although... we do start *every* day like this..."
It was true: Dani had never had so much sex with a boyfriend before. Every morning Jake and her would fuck furiously for a good hour or two. Dani cuming hard many times; Jake often only the once, but that was all he needed. In the evening they would fuck again, and sometimes Jake would cum several times; displaying a truly shocking sexual stamina.
Three years and Dani had never had so much sex. It more than made up for the times when he could be... problematic... to put it mildly.
Still, in comparison to some of the men Dani had fucked before, Jake was a gentleman.
"Fuck you filled me up!" Dani gasped as she slowly sat up.
Jake grinned. "Might get you pregnant this time!" He said.
It was an old boast of his. The pill wasn't one hundred percent, of course, and Jake's cum was fucking thick with sperm, but three years of unprotected sex and he hadn't managed to put a kid in her belly; Dani was confident he wouldn't today, either.
"We'll see," she said, smugly.
Smiling at her expression, Jake made to leave; half-turning to give her a look: "You know, you would be a great mother," he said. Not the first time he'd made that comment either.
When he left the kitchen, a man basking in triumphant sexual performance, Dani fixed up her sweatpants and returned to the patio, and to her art.
After several minutes her mind wandered to the end of the garden, where Jake had built a greenhouse and surrounded it with small plant beds, where he was slowly growing vegetables. It was a curious thing for a man in his thirties to do, but Dani found it somewhat quaint: it was obvious Jake was settling for the long haul here.
She wondered again about his continuing comments regarding her suitability for motherhood; Dani hadn't told him about *that* part of her past. Not yet. There just hadn't been a good time to bring Chloe into the conversation. Sooner or later she would have to mention to Jake that he was wrong: she wouldn't be a great mother.
She *wasn't* a great mother.
Though perhaps Jake saw in her something she wasn't seeing herself.
Again: trust in Jake. He knew what he was doing.
Which was more than Dani could say for herself: her scribblings still looked shit.
*****
"I don't think so, babe."
Dani blinked: she had just zoned out, staring out the window at the fading sunset; the last light of day giving way to the streetlights. Myle Hye still had those old style of streetlights that bathed the front driveway, pavement and road going past the house in a sickly yellow; combined with an almost deserted road it made the whole scene like something from a horror movie. Dani missed the white lights of central Coytoss; where the colours of the streets were allowed to shine. After a day spent trying to recapture her old artistic spark, it was a shame that she didn't have the time now to be inspired by such a creepy ambience. "Sorry babe, you don't think what?"
Jake appeared by her right arm and proceeded to tug on the loose neckline of the blue blouse she had chosen for the evening. "Too much," he said, drawing the fabric together. "Do you want them to think of you like a street harlot?"
"Jake... it wasn't that much..." Dani protested, but she did nothing as he buttoned it up by one more button. She honestly wasn't showing off that much cleavage! If anything he had now made it worse: the blouse strained against her tits, making it even more obvious she had a great pair.
"Bad enough you still have..." he didn't finish his sentence; instead gesturing at her breasts.
Dani knew he was referring to her implants. A rash decision made when she turned nineteen, she had kept them for reasons that Dani found difficult to articulate on the occasion anyone had asked, including Jake. She hoped Jake wouldn't make an issue out of it right now. "Jake..."
"Don't worry, babe," Jake said, suddenly smiling like everything was OK. "You look beautiful."
"Thanks..." Dani said, returning his smile; although hers was laced with anxiety.
The doorbell didn't make her feel any better.
"Jake!" Felicity greeted him at the door. "Thank you for inviting us over again! Dani! You look simply radiant tonight!"
"Thank you..." Dani said, holding her arms tightly around herself as the couple entered.
"Very beautiful," Albert said, following his wife.
Handshakes were shared between the men, while the women kissed each other politely on the cheek. When Albert leaned down to kiss Dani's cheek as his wife had done he lingered just a few heartbeats longer than Felicity; Dani swore she could feel him sniffing the perfume she had on.
Glancing at Felicity, worried what the older woman was thinking, she was disappointed to see Felicity watching her husband's actions with something like amusement. Oh great: this was just Albert being Albert; Dani could practically hear Felicity's voice in her head describing it as such.
"I can't wait to see what you've prepared for us tonight, Jake!" Felicity said, taking Jake's arm as he led her into the dining room.
Dani mentally groaned as Albert slipped his arm through hers. "Surprising to find a couple like yours where it's the man who cooks, and not his beautiful wife!"
"Oh I'm... I'm not much of a cook..." Dani said. She had a habit of burning anything she tried to cook; constantly getting distracted by something. Jake had learned quite early that he would be doing most of the cooking. He didn't seem to mind: if anything Dani got the suspicion that he actually preferred to be the one in charge of the kitchen.
"Not to worry: I'm sure it's not your aptitude in the kitchen that Jake here loves about you," he said; Dani didn't like the way Albert winked at her as he spoke, and she definitely didn't like the way his eyes briefly looked down her blouse; even with Jake's last-minute adjustments almost sealing the fabric to her neck. "A woman of your physicality need not worry about aptitude in the kitchen, anyway."
Looking ahead, Dani was annoyed to see Felicity and Jake deep in conversation, having heard none of Albert's comments.
She felt Albert's breath on her ear, and her head froze as it was: looking ahead.
"Especially with lips such as yours," Albert whispered. "So perfect to wrap around a man's-"
Jake's head suddenly turned back, and Dani breathed a sigh of relief as she felt Albert return to a normal posture. Although then her boyfriend spoke: "Are you OK sitting by the window?"
Of course he hadn't seen or heard anything: Dani was annoyed at herself for thinking Jake had and was going to chastise Albert, or even (hopefully!) ask this creepy couple to leave the house.
"I'll be fine!" Albert said cheerfully. He had the audacity to give Dani's hand a squeeze before joining his wife at the table.
Giving her boyfriend a concerned look, Dani was disappointed to see Jake more concerned for the food than his girlfriend, and settled herself at the table, forcing a polite smile to her face as Jake and Felicity began to talk; conscious of Albert's eyes constantly feasting on her.
*****
"Jesus... what did he do after that?"
"Nothing!" Dani said, before taking another large bite of the baguette. Noticing Gareth's face she held her fingers to her lips to prevent food from exploding outwards as she fought back her laughter. "I know! But honestly nothing else happened last night!"
They were sitting on one of the art sculptures that someone, many years ago, had arranged to fill the large square outside the office buildings that Blue Ball shared with many companies. This time of the day lots of workers were enjoying their lunches at the portable food vans that called the square their place of business between the hours of ten and three. Several different cuisines were offered by the vans, from Thai to supposedly authentic Indian, but Dani and her colleague, Gareth Bates, always found themselves drawn to the simple sandwich van.
The sun was out in force - Dani and Gareth had stripped down to their t-shirts; their coats on the smooth marble of the sculpture - and the square was packed with people. Surrounded by so many voices, Dani found herself at ease; the uncomfortable events of last night having happened far away in another place entirely (quite literally!)
"Still... what a fucking creep," Gareth said between mouthfuls of his own baguette (cheese and pickle, like Dani's). "I mean he actually said you have dick-sucking lips."
"He didn't *actually* say that!"
"No, but he was about to, right?"
"I mean..." Dani laughed. "Yeah... I think that's what he was definitely gonna say..." She looked at him and his expression, and laughed again. "I know! What a fucking creep!"
"I can't believe you put up with that shit!" Gareth said, shaking his head.
Dani shrugged. How could she explain this to her colleague? She did it for Jake. As he ate she watched Gareth; she really did enjoy his company, despite being several years younger than her and fresh out of university, Gareth made her laugh and was easy to hang out with; and he was easy on the eyes as well! At five-foot ten he was a good two inches taller than her, although quite a bit shorter than Jake; Gareth was lean, muscular-but-not-too-much, with a mop of brown hair and light brown eyes. Working with Gareth made the long commute into Coytoss bearable for her, otherwise Dani might have taken up her manager's offer of working from home a long while back.
"So Jake did nothing?" Gareth said incredulously.
"I don't think he noticed," she said.
"Have you told him how this guy makes you feel?"
"I..." Dani said, before her voice trailed off. She had tried to raise the topic with Jake, but each time she thought about how much Jake was trying to make a place for them both in Myle Hye; a good standing with Felicity Farrow would definitely help. If it meant smiling and grinning as her lecherous husband made inappropriate comments to Dani, well...
At least it was just comments.
"So you haven't?"
"I'm getting around to it!" Dani said defensively.
"In the same way you're getting around to that new tattoo you want on your other arm?"
She glanced at the bare skin of her left arm: her right was covered in an elaborate design she had been working on for several years now. Frequent trips to the tattoo artist Nikolaj had seen a simple sleeve swallow her right arm entirely. In contrast, her left arm was untouched. "I'm just thinking of what I want..."
"You've been thinking for how long now?"
"Shut up!" Dani said, giving him a friendly elbow. "You can't rush art!"
"Spoken like a true artist!" Gareth said, smiling with her. "Speaking of which, how's those new designs you were working on last week?"
"Oh those..." Dani sighed. "They weren't going anywhere."
"Really? I thought they were great! That dude with the axe for the head... wow!"
She smiled. Gareth seemed to be her biggest fan, but he only got to see the occasional doodles she made while in the office between projects, or when they were out here having lunch. He did not get to see the crap she spent hours on when at home. Maybe she should bring in her art for him to take a look at someday. Maybe not: part of her enjoyed Gareth's praise for her work, and him seeing what she came up with when at home would definitely spoil that.
Why was it so difficult to draw at home?
"So... Do you think the strike will happen?" He said, changing the subject.
Dani shrugged. "Possibly." The ongoing disagreement between Transport for Eroshire and the local government about pay was rumoured to be turning quite sour; talk was a strike could be on the table, possibly later this month. With the pay issue spilling over to both the local rail and the tram drivers the rumour was shaping up to be, if the strike went ahead, a total shutdown of train and rail transport into and out of the city. With decades of privatisation having stripped the city of almost all bus routes it would mean a long and miserable commute for anyone looking to get into and out of Coytoss by bus.
If the strike happened. It was all rumour, anyway.
"Wouldn't affect me much," Gareth said. Dani knew he lived fairly locally: renting a small flat with three of his friends; all ex-students of the UOE. He looked at her with sympathy. "Would be a bitch for you, though."
"Yeah..." Dani sighed. "Downside of living on the other side of the county..."
"Erm... you can tell me to mind my own business if you think I'm overstepping boundaries," he said, "but... er... I get the vibe you don't like living out in the sticks."
"What?" Dani tried a dismissive smile. It didn't feel as genuine as she wanted it to. "No... I like the place. It's peaceful. It's helping my art." Was it though? Wasn't she just thinking that her art made at home wasn't worth bringing in to show Gareth? Why was she defending Myle Hye? "It's totally unlike the city," she continued, although this was quite true. Even sitting here, on this bit of pretentious modern art that littered the area, Dani was surrounded by people; everyone going about their day, their lives intersecting only briefly as they passed each other.
It was all so beautiful. Pulling out the sketchpad from the satchel resting beside her Dani took it all in: the people, the food vans, even the fucking pigeons eating up scraps as people walked by without giving the birds a second thought. She retrieved a pencil from behind her ear - she never left the office without one perched there - and began to sketch as she continued to defend Jake's choice to move out to the sticks. "I've got plenty of time to myself. No distractions. No neighbour to keep me up all night with his loud sex, or awful choice in music." The latter had been so much worse than the former; at least Dani could masturbate to her neighbour's sex life.
Gareth chuckled. "Yeah... that was uni digs for me. All three years. Mind you..." He looked over at her and winked. "I was that guy keeping everyone up all night."
Dani shared his mischievous grin. "Same!" She whispered like a schoolgirl gossiping. "I was so bad at your age-"
"My age?!?" Gareth said, obviously pretending to be offended. "Come on! I'm not that young!"
"No, you're a big strong boy now," Dani said, ruffling his hair.
"Alright you old bat," Gareth said. "I'll forgive you because I know your menopause has set in."
Dani looked at him, mouth wide in mock outrage. "The fucking audacity!" She gasped. "After I bought you lunch, as well!"
"Cheers for that," Gareth said, finishing his baguette. He nodded at her sketch. "That's coming along real nice."
Looking at what she had been creating while they spoke, Dani smiled at the cartoonish pigeons waging a mock war between the feet of city dwellers. Rough outlines of pigeon guns fired small bullets as a half-sketched pigeon tank rolled between the suited legs of a banker. "What do you think I should have for flags?" She said, sketching a few pigeons planting blank flags on the dirty flagstones. "Bird feet? Beak? Or be really fucking tasteless?"
"What? A pigeon AK47?" Gareth shook his head. "Yeah... let's not. You know Derek's been looking for suggestions for a small kid's project. Something to put on CBBC to earn a bit for the company."
"Hmm... what if I swap the guns for swords?"
"Pigeon D&D?"
"Fuck yeah!" Dani was already scribbling over her work. Guns became swords, and wings had shields drawn over them. A few pigeons waved magical staves over their beaked heads. "I could have dragon pigeons!"
"Drageons? Pigons?"
"We can work on it," Dani said. Her hand was flying over the page now. Ideas tumbling out of her head and onto the paper, like they used to. This was why she enjoyed coming into the city to work at the office. Work alongside Gareth. He reminded her of how easy it used to be to draw.
Pausing, Dani looked over at Gareth. "What time is it?"
He checked his phone and sighed. "Time we should be moving," he said. "Don't want to be late to the meeting, do we?"
"You wanna meet up after? Hash a few ideas out?" Dani said, knowing full well that Jake did not appreciate her staying late at the office. Still... if she gave him heads-up so he didn't spend so much time cooking a meal only for it to go cold, like last time. She didn't want to go home with all these ideas still buzzing in her head, and she really did enjoy creating with Gareth.
Jake would understand.
So why was Dani hesitating to call him? She would just be staying for an hour of two after her work ended to focus on some personal art developments. Working with a colleague. It wasn't a date or anything.
Yet Dani found herself unable to call Jake and explain that, not after what happened the last time she spent time after work with Gareth.
Thankfully she was spared coming up with a plausible excuse when her phone rang on the way back to the office. "Hey Zee," Dani said when she answered her phone.
"Hey Dee," Zehra Sydin, Dani's long-time friend and former partner in crime (literally), said. "Fancy a drink after you finish work?"
"Sure! Just got to finish a few things and I'll be right over."
*****
'A few things' ended up taking two hours: Dani and Gareth had spent ages hashing out a whole backstory for the Pigeon Wars, as they took to calling Dani's absurd depiction of the secret life of Coytoss' 'rats with wings'. An epic tale of avian combat beneath the sight of normal citizens. Two hours of Dani creating sketch after sketch of several principle characters, while Gareth's excited banter fueled her imagination.
Eventually Dani had to apologise to him and tear herself away, otherwise she would probably still be at the empty offices brainstorming ideas about fighting cartoon pigeons with Gareth. She was kinda disappointed to say goodbye, even though she would be back in the office tomorrow.
Silly girl, she told herself as she walked through the doors of the Paradiso Costiero.
"Sounds like you've got a crush," the blonde behind the bar was saying as Dani approached; Rhian Carter was a regular barmaid, and one of Dani's closest friends. The other was sitting just in front of Rhian, resting her bare arms on the bar's surface with a single drink in front of her.
"It's more than a crush! I'm like..."
"Besotted?" Dani finished for Zehra as she sat down next to her friend. Similar in height to her, Zehra Sydin had hair of more a brown shade than Dani's pitch black, with skin so tanned it was like she had just come back from a holiday in the Mediterranean. Contrasting nicely with Dani's pale, almost white skin. Though like Dani, the other woman had several tattoos; done at the same time, and the same place (although Dani had paid less for hers, opting to settle her debt with the handsome tattoo artist, Nikolaj, with some great sex instead - this was all before meeting Jake, of course! These days she paid for her ink with cash like a normal person.) "Sorry I'm late," she added with an apologetic look.
Zehra smiled at Dani. "You've got to stop staying late at the office," Zehra said. "They're not going to reward you."
"I don't mind it."
"Gives her more time to spend with that cute newbie," Rhian commented slyly.
Dani felt the heat rise to her face. "I just think he's funny," she muttered, and quickly changed the topic; her friends loved to challenge her on her relationship with Gareth. Dani was tired of insisting that there wasn't anything going on between them! "Speaking of people doing their jobs: I'll have an apple spritzer, thanks."
Rhian rolled her eyes as she made off to find ingredients for Dani's order.
"What does Jake think of all of this?" Zehra asked, supporting her head with one hand.
Dani didn't like that smirk on her friend's face. "We're just friends!" She insisted.
"Well at least you're 'just friends'," Zehra muttered. "Meanwhile Logan's been making it very clear he can't stand the sight of me."
Logan Evans was the best friend of Zehra's current boyfriend, Adrian Foster; Dani had grown used to Zehra complaining about him (Logan). Apparently neither of them liked each other; she hadn't been able to figure out who started it, only having Zehra's side of the story, of course, but Dani's friend was always complaining about this man, to the point that Dani had suspicions...
If a guy was living rent-free in her friend's head this badly it normally meant one thing.
(She was right, but that's another story.)
"You sound disappointed," Dani observed dryly. Oh yeah... she had suspicions...
Not that her friend would ever cheat: Zehra had always been a faithful woman to the men she dated (even the assholes). Dani had cheated once, and had immediately regretted it; destroying a decent relationship with a decent guy. She wouldn't do that to Jake.
"I just think we could be good friends..."
"Just good friends?" Dani teased. She really shouldn't.
"Just good friends," Zehra insisted.
Dani left it at that. The conversation moved away from Zehra's man problems, and the two had a lengthy talk about the current state of the city (endless maintenance on the water works, future strike action from TFE, and the ongoing encampment by environmental activists on land for the proposed second sexual health clinic to be operated by Yusuf "Cold Hands" Khan - a name given to him by his patients due to the cold way he would probe a vagina, as well as terrible circulation issues that made his hands literally cold to the touch; having endured a few examinations by him in the past Dani felt sorry for his bombshell of a wife).
Then, when they had finished laughing about the leader of the activists being the eldest child of their old friend from the force - Commissioner Newell himself - Zehra had to go and spoil the mood by asking "so how's life out in the sticks working out for you?"
Dani sighed. She'd known Zehra too long to bullshit the woman. "It's not. It's too quiet."
"See... I told you it would be a mistake," Zehra said. Catching Rhian's eye she added "didn't we tell her it would be a mistake?"
"What? The tat?" Rhian said loudly; being several metres away from the women mixing a fresh cocktail for the customer sitting next to Zehra; a tall man with a messy mop of brown hair still in a smart suit he'd probably been wearing all day. Drinking alone, which was always bad news for a girl like Dani, in a relationship (which tended to encourage Coytoss men further), and so she had been trying not to catch his eye when looking at her friend.
"No! Moving to Myle Hye!"
"That was a mistake, Dee!" Rhian said, finishing the cocktail.
After taking it from the barmaid, the man half-turned to catch Dani's eyes, revealing his own to be a most brilliant shade of green. "My condolences," he said. Raising his glass.
"Oh it's not that bad!" Dani said, annoyed with both of her friends and this stranger; as hot as he was. "It's just quiet, that's all."
"You mean dead," Zehra said, glancing at the man as if seeking his agreement.
Which he gave: "That's an insult to dead towns," he said, then he looked at Dani. "Is it true you all have to be in by eight? That there's only one convenience store and all it sells is marmite and baked beans? Have you lived there long enough now to have forgotten all sex positions except missionary?"
"What? No!" Dani said. "My sex like is fucking incredible right now! How about you shut the fuck up... er... who the *fuck* are you, anyway?"
Before he could answer, Rhian slid into Dani's view, dramatically gesturing with one hand as she wore a right cuntish smile. "Ladies, may I present the esteemed Theodore Miller, descendent of the great Maximillian Miller himself, and inheritor to the Throne of Sordid Delights."
Dani's eyebrows rose. Said Throne wasn't a seat, but rather one of the most expensive houses in Eroshire: a colossal thirty-bedroom affair set amongst six hundred acres of private land, built over two hundred years ago and modified extensively throughout the years as it passed from one Miller to another, until its current owner, the reclusive Evangeline Miller; who no one had seen in the public eye since the death of her husband some twenty years ago. 'The Throne of Sordid Delights' was a nickname given to it since the days of Maximillian Miller's infamous orgies; what the house was actually called no one could remember.
Theo Miller smiled a polite smile that suggested to Dani he disliked being introduced like that.
"Nice suit," Zehra said. "What fancy office do you work at?"
"Only the fanciest," Theo said, his smile becoming genuine as the topic moved to something he was obviously proud of; possibly because he had earned it rather than inherited it. "H&F."
Dani's brain connected two dots: "Theo, right? Do you know Jake Cook?"
"Jake? Yeah I know that wank-" Theo suddenly frowned, then his expression softened to what Dani could only interpret as sympathy. "Huh... guess you must be Dani."
"Yeah... does Jake talk about me?"
"No... at least not as much as most of the guys talk about their other halves," Theo said. He was still regarding Dani with that odd sympathetic expression, which was beginning to annoy her. "I think Jake's mentioned you... twice... maybe? How long have you two been seeing each other?"
"Three years."
"And you moved to Myle Hye with him?" Theo said, frowning. "That's a big step for only three years."
"Thank you!" Zehra said, gesturing wildly. Turning to Dani she said: "I said it was too big of a step for just three years!"
"How long do I have to be sleeping with a guy before moving in with him?" Dani said, raising an eyebrow. "I mean haven't you just moved in with Adrian?"
Zehra gave her friend a look. "That's not the same! My situation is one of necessity," she said, referring to the property damage that had currently rendered Zehra's flat uninhabitable. "Yours was lovesick infatuation."
Dani felt herself blush: her friend wasn't wrong. In the beginning Dani had been sickeningly in love with Jake; like a schoolgirl with a new crush. He had been everything previous boyfriends had not, except one: John, whose heart Dani had broken when she had cheated on him. Like her ex John, Jake had been kind, compassionate, a good listener, insisted on paying for their meals out (handy because Dani had not been in a great financial position), shared her tastes in music, films and TV, and encouraged her art; eventually helping her land her current place at Blue Ball.
His name also began with 'J', which Dani saw as providence that this was a second chance with a man like John, and she was not going to fuck it up this time.
Which made her feel guilty about all the time she was spending with Gareth lately.
"With Jake, huh?" Theo looked at Dani like she was putting on a show. "Guess he must be a different man outside work."
"Most of us are," Dani said, feeling compelled to defend her boyfriend against someone that Jake apparently didn't like. She wasn't sure why: Theo seemed harmless enough, although she was probably being distracted by his handsome looks and those eyes of his... "Jake's a wonderful boyfriend. I moved in with him because I need some stability in my life." She glanced at Zehra, and felt a stab of guilt when Zehra's expression betrayed the guilt her friend apparently still had even after all these years for the shit they both went through when they had been younger. "Zee, I didn't mean-"
"Nah, it's cool," Zehra said. Her sudden smile obviously a guard. "You're right. You need a guy like Jake in your life. Doesn't matter what the rest of us think, does it? So long as you're happy." Her expression softened; dark green eyes searching Dani's face. "You *are* happy, right?"
"Course I am," Dani said, a little too fast even for her own liking. She *was* happy, right? Sure there was the problem with sleep, but that was just getting used to how *quiet* it was there. She just needed more time to get adjusted to Myle Hye's lack of nighttime ambience.
With sleep would come inspiration, and Dani would get in touch with her art once more.
She just needed to be patient, like Jake kept saying.
Her friend didn't seem too convinced, but Zehra mercifully changed the topic. The two talked for a half-hour more before Dani's phone rang. "Hey babe," she said, bracing herself. Dani knew she had stayed out longer than she should have.
Sure enough: "Babe, you said you wouldn't be out too late." Jake had a knack for making her feel guilty. "It's almost nine. By the time you get back it will be too late for food."
A part of her wondered why: she was a grown-ass woman, right? She could snack late. Yet she nodded, despite knowing Jake wouldn't see her chastised expression. "I'm so sorry Jake," Dani said into her phone. "I'll head out now. Sorry for making you worry about me, babe."
"Really? It's not even nine," Zehra muttered after Dani had hung up and was sorting herself for a walk to the nearest station - Coytoss Main Street.
"Got you dancing to his tune," Theo said; the first thing he had said to either of the women in a while. At first Dani had thought he was planning to hit on either of them - and she was prepped with ways to shoot down his advances - but when it became obvious Theo had no plans further than just sitting there at the bar beside them drinking and watching the closest TV, Dani found him to be kind of creepy, and had started to think her boyfriend was onto something with regard to Theodore Miller, inheritor of big homes out in the countryside.
"What the fuck did you say about my boyfriend?" Dani snapped. She wasn't entirely sure why she was suddenly so angry; maybe it was Theo's comment and demeanour, maybe it was the lack of sleep (even with the pills), or maybe it was Jake's insistence on ending her night out with her friend, but whatever it was Dani was not in a good mood; and she was not normally angry. That was Zehra's scene, not hers.
Theo looked at her. Those brilliant green eyes of his filled with so much concern Dani found all of her anger draining away. "Look after yourself, OK?" Theo said. "Jake's... he's got a nasty side, that's all I'm saying."
If he was talking about Jake's moods, then yes: Dani knew Jake had a dark side. Yet she didn't think that was what Theo was talking about, and with a little hesitancy she answered "sure..."
As she left the Paradiso Costiero she looked over her shoulder to see Zehra and Theo in deep conversation. A part of her wanted to storm over and demand to know what they were talking about, but the rest of her didn't want to keep Jake waiting any longer. Sighing at how her friend and some random stranger seemed to be so full of suspicion about her life, Dani walked out into the cold night air.
*****
"Hey babe," Jake said, kissing her on the cheek after she closed the front door behind her. "No trouble on the train, I take it?"
"None," Dani said, hanging up her coat and regarding her boyfriend wearily.
Jake seemed to be in a good mood: there was a smile on his face and the smell of his cooking still permeated the air of their house. Had he been cooking for himself? Dani felt a little guilty at how she had stayed out with her friend and colleague so late, instead of coming home for Jake to cook for her. It was almost half-ten!
"That smells nice," she said.
"Sorry babe, I didn't save anything," Jake said. "Just made some curry for myself. It doesn't keep well, I'm afraid, so I didn't see the point in putting aside anything for you."
"No, that's fine..." Dani lied: that smell was too good, and was making her hungry. She felt bad about missing out on Jake's great food. "I'll get something for myself."
"Don't be too long," he said, kissing her on the cheek. His lips moved across to meet hers, and for a good moment they locked their lips in the passionate kiss of lovers. "It's been a long day: I might fall asleep if you keep me waiting upstairs."
"I won't... don't worry," Dani whispered back.
She didn't keep him waiting: after shoving a quick sandwich down her gob Dani hurried up to their bedroom. She'd barely made it through the door before Jake had gathered her in his arms and thrown her to the bed.
Dani loved a good hard fuck like any decent Eroshire girl, and sex with Jake was that: hard. He dominated her in the bedroom; folding her legs up to meet her ears as he hammered his big ten inch dick into her like a fucking piston, until Dani was practically seeing stars as she came hard. Not only was Jake big but he also had incredible stamina; and after an hour of his relentless pace he pulled out. Knowing how he liked to finish, Dani got down on her knees on the bed and took his whole length into her mouth. Early on in their relationship Dani discovered that Jake loved to look down on her when she had him in her mouth; and as she sucked and throat-fucked him to orgasm his dark brown eyes were regarding hers with pride.
Thick hot jets of gunk splashed around inside her mouth; Jake came a lot, and he quickly filled her mouth to bursting, but Dani was a good girl, as Jake liked her to be, and swallowed each hot blast of cum until his cock stopped erupting.
"So tell me," he said, stroking her hair as she licked his cock and balls clean of cum. "What did you and Zee talk about for four hours?"
"Oh we weren't talking for..." Dani blinked. Shit. She had walked right into that one. "I mean-"
"You were hanging out with that guy from work again, weren't you?" Jake said.
Was it her imagination or had his grip on her hair just got tighter?
"He's just a friend," Dani said. Looking up at him with her pale grey eyes. "It was just work."
"Couldn't have waited until tomorrow?" Jake said. He hadn't let go of her hair.
"I..." Dani realised she didn't have an answer to that. Gareth and her could have waited until tomorrow, but they hadn't wanted to; she enjoyed his company, and she suspected Gareth did as well. Perhaps there was something there. Looking up at her boyfriend, Dani realised that what was buzzing through her head must be obvious to him, for Jake's eyes were flaring with anger. "I didn't mean to keep you waiting... I'm sorry babe... we're just friends... we're just-"
"That's great!" Jake said, his whole mannerisms switching to a bright smile so quickly that she wondered if she had seen that anger in his eyes to begin with. Maybe she was just projecting her own guilt about how much time she seemed to be spending with another man. "I'm glad you've got friends at work. They sound like better people than who I have to work with."
For a brief second Dani thought about mentioning her chance encounter with Theo earlier that evening, but decided against it: better not try her luck with Jake tonight. She could always bring it up at a later date, when Jake was in a better mood.
"It would just be nice if you'd join me for dinner," Jake said, gently stroking her cheek. "I love hearing about your day. So much more interesting than what I get up to."
Dani would love to hear Jake talk about his work; but he never did, and she didn't want to say that with him in this odd mood of his; so she smiled at him, held his hand to her cheek, and said "I'm sorry, Jake. I'll try not to stay too long at the office in future."
His smile took on a slight edge to it; like he felt he had won an argument, although Dani didn't feel they had been arguing. He kissed her lips. Gently at first. Then more passionately. Tongues entwined as Dani felt him push her back down.
Jake did love being on top.
It was almost midnight when he finally finished. Pumping thick globs of his hot cum into her, until Dani was practically overflowing with Jake's potent seed. Even though she was on the pill Dani sometimes wondered if Jake would still get her pregnant; his talk about starting a family here in Myle Hye made her wonder if he were hedging his bets that his virile cum would get her knocked up soon. So she made sure not to forget a day when taking her pill.
Speaking of pills... as she heard Jake fall asleep - he was always quick to begin snoring - Dani got up and quietly headed into the bathroom. Retrieving the bottle of sleeping pills she kept at the back of the bathroom cupboard, Dani poured out two pills (the recommended dosage), and returned the bottle to its inconspicuous hiding place.
She didn't want Jake to know she was having difficulty sleeping in the quiet of Myle Hye. Dani didn't want her boyfriend to know how difficult she was finding it here. Moving to this town had meant so much to Jake; she didn't want to hurt him.
Yet as she looked at her sleeping boyfriend - his large, muscular form illuminated by the pale moonlight coming in through the open curtains - Dani wondered if she was really keeping these pills hidden from him to protect Jake's feelings...
...but what else was there to it?
Looking away from her sleeping boyfriend and the conflicted and confusing feelings Jake kept causing in her, Dani stood by the window and focused on the dark countryside that surrounded Myle Hye. As she knocked back the pills and swallowed them dry, her eyes searched the miles of unkempt fields and hedges that dominated the north-western Eroshire countryside; the distant lights of Kreenpye on the horizon, where Dani grew up in a household she'd rather forget; and in contrast on the horizon shone the towers of central Coytoss, where the Blue Ball offices resided; a way down the valley between her and Coytoss the lights of the university campus were still on, no doubt students of all ages were enjoying another night of debauchery. A life Dani would have loved to have lived.
And there, between those lights and the single road leading into Myle Hye from further down the valley, where the university sprawled like a drunken teen after blowing their load, Dani saw the great house partially hidden by surrounding forest. The Throne of Sordid Delights.
To think she'd sat next to its inheritor. A girl like her. Danielle Cohen from the block.
As the drugs began to take hold and Dni started to feel drowsy she noticed something...
A single light was on in a room on the first floor.
Dani frowned.
It had to have been her imagination: the distance from her window here to that window on the first floor of the old house had to be some five miles or so. The light was barely a dot. Yet she felt as if someone had just passed by the open window, and, for one brief moment, paused beside it.
Paused to look through that window.
Right at her.
And for the briefest moment Dani felt a sense of vertigo; like standing on the edge of the abyss, a vast dark infinite abyss, with the knowledge that one step forward and she would fall forever...
Reaching up she pulled the curtains shut.
*****
"Did you close the curtains last night?"
Dani nodded as she finished her cereal.
Jake sighed. "Babe, you know I love the night sky out here," he said. "It's so peaceful to look at the stars. Don't you think?"
"Sorry," she said. There was absolutely no reason to mention how she had felt last night, when she saw the light in that room in a house five miles away. In broad daylight it sounded insane; as crazy as a ghost story. Perhaps the quiet of this town was finally driving her insane.
Still, she managed to get a decent night's sleep with the help of the pills. Dani wished she could manage to get to sleep without them, but it was either risk addiction or succumb to insomnia. A horrible choice considering she was coming up to four years clean now. Dani wished she could talk to Jake about this, but she knew her boyfriend wouldn't understand.
Or worse: take it the wrong way and think she hated it here.
Well... she didn't *like* it here... either...
"That's OK, babe," Jake said. He folded the paper he had been reading and stood up. "Going to the office again today?" When she nodded he quickly added "don't stay too late. Remember we'll be hosting dinner for the Farrows again tonight."
"I haven't forgotten, Jake," Dani said, feeling a little annoyed with his patronising reminder.
Perhaps that was a mistake, as Jake's smile dropped a little. "I don't like you spending time with that guy from the office, Dani," he said. Jake rarely used her name when talking to her. "I want you back by seven."
He walked out without giving her a chance to respond. Dani dropped the spoon into the bowel out of frustration, taking a small measure of satisfaction in how loud it clattered.
*****
"Your boyfriend sounds like a cunt."
Dani gasped, then playfully slapped Gareth on his arm. "Don't be mean!" She said, "Jake just... he's just looking out for me... that's all! I'll have you know he was very supportive of me when we first met. I wouldn't have made it through my first year without his help."
"Your first year of what?" Gareth said.
They were sitting at Dani's desk in the offices of Blue Ball. Though it was nearly four there was still lots of people working; artists dwarfed by their multi-screen set-ups as they relaxed on large ergonomic bean bags that moulded into your form as you sat upon them. Dani's was pink with a lot of white flowers, and she had been sitting at her desk so long it had begun to envelop her. A collection of half-finished images dominated her four screens; though her hand still manoeuvred the stylus over the touchpad resting on her knees as she spoke.
Gareth loved watching her create; the way her body almost subconsciously conjured up these amazing images while her mouth happily chatted about anything that was on her mind. Even if that subject was this boyfriend of hers that he'd not yet met. While he liked to consider himself a great artist - definitely the best out of his housemates - Gareth knew his talents were a drop in the vast ocean of Dani Cohen's potential. He didn't understand why she had moved away from a city she so obviously loved and that she used to help fuel her creativity, to some dead zone on the other side of the county, an hour away by train.
"Being sober," Dani said. The look she gave him was one of honesty, not meant to shame, but Gareth still found himself looking away out of guilt. Of course that was what she had meant. He knew she had a past with addiction problems; Dani had mentioned going into rehab in the first week Gareth and her had worked together.
"Sounds like he's been good to you," Gareth said. Not quite believing it; Dani spoke a lot about her boyfriend, Jake, and while he seemed like a decent sort there were a couple of red flags with his behaviour that had Gareth worried. This insistence on her coming back in a timely manner felt a little beyond loving boyfriend concern for her safety.
"He has," Dani said, though like Gareth (a fact obviously unknown to her) she didn't feel what she was saying was the whole truth. No, it was just complicated: Jake had indeed been there for her in that crucial first year after she started rehab. They had met by chance when she had left her fourth meeting; a cliche 'meet-cute' which saw them have a drink (hers was non-alcoholic; at the time Dani wasn't confident in herself not to swap drug addiction for alcoholism, something that she had since conquered and could drink socially in confidence) and talk for a while, before discovering a mutual attraction that saw him take her back to his place for the evening; Dani had discovered Jake's huge cock and drive when he fucked her silly for hours. But it wasn't just the sex that had kept her coming back (although the sex was great!), but Jake's ability to provide her support; a shoulder to lean on during the moments when she felt most vulnerable; without him Dani was certain she would have fallen off the wagon and been back shooting shit into her veins in the toilets of the more seedy nightclubs in Coytoss before that first year had finished.
"But still..." Gareth persisted, giving her a sympathetic look. "Ordering you to come back home before seven like you're a teenager-"
"Yeah, I know how it sounds..." Dani said, not sure how she could spin this in any way that he would find acceptable; Gareth definitely didn't trust Jake. "But we do have guests round tonight; Jake just doesn't want me to be late again."
"The Farrows again?" Gareth rolled his eyes. "Think that Albert's going to be a sex pest again?"
"He's just... a little handsy..."
"That's what they said about Harvey Weinstein."
"Gareth! Albert's not like that!" Dani said, though a part of her felt he had a point: Albert was not a man Dani wanted to be alone with. "He's just..."
"A little handsy?" Gareth said, grinning.
Dani elbowed him. "Stop that!" She said, although she couldn't keep from smiling either. Why was it so easy being around this guy?
They looked at each other, smiling, until Dani looked away; she realised she had been doodling something and now realised what it was: on the fields she was supposed to be enriching for this wellbeing app's advert she had added a couple lounging on a crudely sketched rug, arm-in-arm.
"I think that works better," Gareth said.
Dani was aware of how close he hand leaned towards her; it was certainly so he could get a better look at the main monitor, but a part of her wondered if he wasn't just using it as an excuse to get close to her, and she realised that she was kind of glad he had... it was... nice... having him so close to her... close enough that if she turned her head-
Their lips were barely an inch apart. Her eyes were so close to his; and for a few seconds that seemed to stretch like an eternity Dani gazed into his eyes, as Gareth did likewise to her.
"They want it to be an open field," she whispered, not wanting to look away back to the project she was working on.
"I say surprise them with this," he whispered back; not wanting to look away either. Her eyes held him captive: like the expansive grey sky outside the windows of the office. "I think it looks a lot better..."
She thought so too. Those two little figures added some humanity that should work better for a lifestyle app...
"Hey you guys! Going for drinks after we're done?"
They both snapped their heads away from each other at the sound of their colleague's voice. "I can't," Dani said, hurriedly. "My boyfriend's got friends round."
"Yeah... I got shit to do this evening," Gareth muttered, feeling the heat rise to his face. For one moment he felt all he had to do was lean forward just an inch and she would have reciprocated.
"Fair enough," Amanda Byron said as she carried on walking past the two; though she couldn't keep the smile from her face at how she had caught her colleagues looking at each other like lovesick teens. The gossip around the office was that Dani Cohen and Gareth Bates were in denial about how much they obviously wanted to fuck; the secret pool was that Dani would be hoping on his (supposedly) big dick sometime near the end of this month.
Completely oblivious to the gossip amongst their colleagues, Dani and Gareth made to look as if there was absolutely nothing between them; they were professional colleagues, that was all.
"I better make a move," Dani muttered, saving her work. "Sorry I can't hang out this evening-"
"Don't worry about it," Gareth said, giving her a warm smile. "See you tomorrow?"
"Of course!" Dani said, beaming like there wasn't a greater certainty in the world.
As she left the offices Dani paused by the TVs behind the reception desk, where a report on the latest developments surrounding TFE's proposed strikes suggested talks were in progress. With the next few weeks looking optimistic - train strike called off and the memory of her almost-kiss with Gareth burning bright in her mind - Dani smiled and began her long journey back home to Myle Hye.
Little did she know that the future would be a lot brighter than she could ever imagine...
*****
Gareth too kept thinking about that almost kiss; even when he arrived back home at the house he shared with three ex-students from the University of Eroshire: a modest semi-detached in one of the many post-war (now ex-)council estates that had been built on the ruins of where the Luftwaffe had thoroughly done a number on old Coytoss during the Blitz. His housemates were a decent lot, if just a little messy: Gareth sighed as he stacked dirty plates by the sink, having not even taken off his coat since he got in.
"Mate, I've got the dishes tonight," Harry Watts said as he walked into the small kitchen with a bottle of Peroni in hand. Harry was a tall guy (a good six inches taller than Gareth) with a thin frame that he refused to bulk up despite Gareth telling him some muscles would help score with the chicks. "What are you doing back so early, anyway?"
"Not spending time with what's-her-name?" Cathy Vern said as she leaned against the frame of the door leading into the living room (the house had no dining room, not that anyone cared; they either ate food watching TV or sitting glued to their PC screens). A slim woman of French descent, Cathay wore her long dark hair loose over a top that seemed a size too large for her.
"Dani," Harry said, smirking as he watched Gareth's reaction.
Gareth looked at his two friends. "First off: Dani has a boyfriend," he said. "Secondly: she has guests round hers tonight, so couldn't stick around for the evening."
"Too morose to head out and bag yourself a distraction fuck?" Cathy said. "That's what I would do if the girl I hopelessly fancied was having dinner with her boyfriend and friends."
"Yeah... I'm not in the mood," Gareth said. There was something about having meaningless sex to take his mind off of Dani and how close he had come to kissing her that didn't sit right with him. Which was odd because just under a year ago that would totally be something he would have done. "Gonna Netflix and chill tonight. Literally."
"So lonely," Cathy teased. Though she gave him a friendly punch on the shoulder. "One day."
"Don't tease."
"I'm being serious," Cathy said, draping an arm around his shoulder as they both left Harry to the dishes (much to his annoyance). "I see your face when you talk about her. You really fancy the fuck out of this girl, don't you?"
"She's great," Gareth said, knowing how dorky he must be looking right now with the dreamy smile creeping across his face. "She's just your type, actually: tats, tits and talent."
"She bi?"
"Might be. Tell you what," Gareth said as they parted at the base of the stairs, "if - and I mean if, 'cause this is all as unlikely as fuck - if I fuck her I'll ask Dani if she's up for fucking you too."
"Good boy," Cathy winked at him as he walked up the stairs.
"You know it's not going to happen!" Gareth said just before he disappeared from her sight.
"I have faith!"
Smiling at his friend's confidence in hook-ups that would never happen, Gareth walked into his room and closed the door behind him. Collapsing onto his bed his mind returned to that kiss that never happened. The feeling of being so close to her; the scent of Dani as she was right next to him... feeling his hard-on Gareth pulled off his shoes and socks and unbuttoned his flies. His huge eight inch cock sprung out, sticking up towards the ceiling; fuelled by how charged that one moment had been a few hours earlier.
As his hand vigorously flew up and down his long, thick shaft, Gareth recalled being so close to Dani, but in his mind that moment hadn't been interrupted by Amanda; they had kissed. Finally. His imagination created the taste of her lips. The feeling of their tongues intertwining.
In his mind the office had been empty, and they had torn their clothes off in lust. He saw what her huge fake tits would look like without clothes in the way; skin so pale and so soft as his hand squeezed them. She moaned in his imagination as Gareth gasped with the pleasure he was giving himself: his hand flying up and down his considerable length as his mind's eye saw him fuck her on that huge pink bag chair thing she always sat on. He imagined her riding his cock for hours before he pumped his thick load inside her warm, tight cunt. He imagined them fucking on all of the desks, the chairs, the staff room sofas and pool table; Gareth imagined them fucking on the rooftop garden; the sun shining down on them as moved from position to position, moaning and gasping as they fucked like university students. He filled her with his cum again and again. Dani screaming his name as he made her cum; harder than that controlling boyfriend of hers could.
His real life orgasm interrupted this fantasy of his: Gareth quickly grabbed a sock and stuffed it over his cock as he felt the first load of cum travel up from his balls. He watched the fabric of the sock expand as he pumped his hot gunk into it, until white goo began oozing through the soft wool and all down his hand. His other hand grabbed another sock and swapped it over, though it didn't take long before that was swollen with his gunk.
Tossing the socks aside Gareth held his cock as it sprayed jets of gunk across his room, hitting the door five times before his cock finally stopped ejaculating thick white gunk.
Lying on his bed, smelling the odour of his own copious cum, Gareth sighed, and began to beat his meat once more: his cock barely softening despite cuming so hard and so much.
"Fuck my life," he muttered. Knowing how sad he must look masturbating to a woman totally unavailable to him. He'd fucked girls before who had been in relationships, but they had been in shitty relationships, and Gareth had been only too happy to be the outlet for their frustrations.
Dani obviously loved her boyfriend, and he very much doubted she would ever fuck him; even though there was so much energy between them. Their sex would remain entirely in his mind.
Fortunately for Gareth, events would soon prove him wrong...
*****
The train ride back from Coytoss was always a surreal journey for Dani: getting on at Coytoss Main Street would see her fighting for a seat in the eight-carriage reject from the 80's, but as the train made its ponderous journey past the next two stations servicing the outskirts of the city a strange transformation took place; at first half the train would empty at the next stop, and Dani would often be able to grab a seat (but not always!), then the next station would see half get off again, then half again at the next stop, and so on for the next five until, after fifty minutes or so, the train would terminate at Myle Hye's short platform, where the ticket barriers were overseen by a single attendant: an old man often asleep on a chair beside the ticket machine. By that time Dani was often the only one left in the carriage.
Walking back from Myle Hye train station was an easy route following a curving road, where it seemed most of the village's houses could be found; several smaller roads leading off ended with bulbous cul-de-sacs and large detached houses of the type not even Jake's salary could afford. A quiet road; Dani had only passed about five people on the pavement since moving here.
The quiet was practically suffocating her by the time she walked up to her front door.
"Hey babe," Jake said as he kissed her on the cheek. Taking her coat from her, Dani eyed him cautiously as Jake then returned to the kitchen: so far her boyfriend seemed in a good mood. "I got that nice dress out for you. The red one. I think you'll look beautiful in it."
Dani actually hated the red one - bought for her by Jake a year into their relationship - but she had never mentioned it to him for fear of offending. She'd hoped hiding it at the back amongst all the other clothes she rarely wore these days meant she wouldn't see it again, but it seemed he had dug deep and unearthed it. "Thanks babe," she called out to him as she headed upstairs.
One reason why she hated the red dress was how it collected and pushed out her tits. She felt a little bit like a prostitute when she wore it (not that Dani had ever been a sex worker, although she did have a few friends who were), and she was certain it wasn't appropriate attire for their guests (although Dani was certain Albert would appreciate the view).
Still it was what Jake wanted her to wear...
"You look beautiful," he said when she came back down into the kitchen.
"Are you sure this is appropriate?" Dani said, pushing her tits together slightly; looking at how the plunging neckline seemed to show off a lot of her pale flesh.
"Of course," Jake said, seeming baffled by her comment. "Why? Do you not think so?"
"No! I mean yes! I mean of course this is fine!" Dani blustered. "It's a lovely dress, thank you."
"Not sure why you haven't worn it since I got it for you," Jake continued to talk as he cooked whatever was bubbling in the large saucepan on the stove. "Don't you like it?"
"Of course!" Dani said, very quickly. "It's lovely!"
Jake smiled at her. "I'm glad to hear it." Returning to his cooking, Jake focused on the sizzling meat in the pan. "Tonight should be good for us. Felicity is not only happy to recommend us for the town committee but she's also looking to switch legal representation from Hoffman and Stye to H&F."
Dani wasn't surprised to learn Jake had been courting the Farrows to join his law firm. From the little she had been able to squeeze out of him regarding his life at Hills & Follett it seemed to her that Jake was quite career-oriented, and moving an affluent couple like the Farrows from a rival law firm like Hoffman & Stye to H&F would probably be quite the feather in his cap.
So she would need to be on her best behaviour-
"I need you by my side, Dani."
-and not fuck it up-
"Whatever they say, just smile and be amazing." Jake looked over at her. "I know you can do it. You're an amazing person, Dani. You'll do this for me, won't you?"
"Of course," Dani said. She stood close to Jake, an arm around his waist. "I can see this means a lot to you. I'll be on my best behaviour." What? What was she saying? She was apologising like she was a child to her parents. Not a twenty-eight year old woman who'd done nothing wrong!
She stepped away from Jake; somewhat horrified by her thoughts.
"Best behaviour, Dani," Jake said. This time there was no humour in his words. No teasing: his eyes were cold and regarded her with a sense of dominion that made Dani feel as helpless as she had the day Zehra had dropped her off at the rehab clinic. Only there was no Zehra here to hug her and whisper that everything would be OK. That she just had to be strong.
Be-
The doorbell sounded.
As if a switch had been pressed in his head at the sound, Jake's eyes were suddenly filled with a compassionate warmth that made Dani question whether she had even seen that coldness just a moment ago. "Can you get the door for me, babe? I've almost finished the chicken."
"Oh... sure," she said. Her head was spinning. Dani felt trapped, but she didn't know how, and what by. Just an overwhelming feeling that she was constrained by something she couldn't see. It all felt surreal, and Dani wasn't sure how it had come to this. Wasn't moving out here her idea in the first place? She wanted space? Somewhere to concentrate on her art because it wasn't...
No, that wasn't right.
Fuck. Whose idea had it been?
When her hand touched the door handle Dani banished all confusion from her mind: this was not a night to let Jake down. She needed to be on best behaviour (why? What had she done?). It was an important night for Jake (what about her?).
Opening the door Dani forced a smile to her face as she saw the Farrows. Felicity had dressed herself in a flowing black ensemble that showed off a tight figure impressive for a woman of her age, while Albert had found a suit somewhere that strained at his expanding gut. "Welcome!"
"Danielle! Darling!" Felicity said, giving Dani a quick peck on each cheek. "So wonderful to be back here again! I do find your little home charming, have I mentioned that?"
She had. Many times. Emphasising 'little' each time. Dani knew that the Farrows lived in one of the big cul-de-sac houses she walked past to and from the station; she just didn't know which one.
"Danielle!" Albert said, coming in to hug her.
Dani braced herself, and sure enough she felt a harsh squeeze of her left buttock. Creep.
"Now, now, Albert," Felicity said without a trace of concern. "Be on your best behaviour."
"Of course, dear." Albert released Dani. He gave her a look that continued for a few seconds, a look that Dani did not like one bit. His tongue briefly flickered across his bottom lip.
Dani felt like she was going to throw up. But she shouldn't: Jake had spent a lot of time in the kitchen preparing the food.
Slipping her arm between Dani's, Felicity began walking Dani into the dining room. "So tell us about your art, dear. How is it going?"
"Erm... well... thank you..." Dani said, momentarily thankful for a conversation she could have without feeling out of her depth, as tended to be the case between the Farrows and Jake; as well as thankful that Felicity seemed to be taking her away from her lecherous husband. Whatever it was between these two, Dani was thankful that Felicity didn't seem to want her husband being a creep all evening.
Be thankful for small mercies, she guessed.
Unfortunately any chance for Dani to talk about her art was swiftly interrupted by Jake; as he entered the dining room - Dani and the Farrows having just walked in themselves - he carried a huge tray of cooked chicken, neatly sliced after being soaked in all manner of flavourings. "Take a seat, everyone!" He said. "It's a buffet meal tonight. Please help yourselves. Eat as much as you like!" He then promptly vanished back into the kitchen for the rest.
Feeling she should be the polite hostess Dani pulled out a seat for Felicity, who thanked her as she (Felicity) sat down, then did likewise for Albert; trying to smile as politely as she (Dani) could despite the way his eyes drifted to her dress-enhanced cleavage all the time.
"Tell me, Danielle," he said as Dani walked to her seat. Jake didn't like anyone helping him in the kitchen when he cooked, so she figured she would keep the Farrows company while he laid the food out for them all. "I've been meaning to ask you: are they real?"
He asked the question just as Jake entered with two plates worth of vegetables. Yet all he said was "anyone for wine?"
"Red please," Albert said, smiling politely at Jake. Then his eyes turned to Dani: or rather, to her tits. "They appear to be quite fake. I'm surprised a woman like yourself would debase your body like that."
"What?" Dani said weakly. They had barely started! Couldn't this old fuck at least wait until it was time for desert before being a cunt? "I don't see how..."
"You had them done when you were nineteen, didn't you darling?" Jake said as he poured out red wine into Albert's glass, then Felicity's when she held hers up for him.
"What size were your tits before?" Albert said.
"Albert, darling," Felicity said. Her face seemingly like this was a natural thing for her husband to ask his hostess. Not for the first time Dani wondered if these two got off on being as weird as possible. "That's not a question we should ask a lady."
"Not much of a lady if she's got fake tits and ink all over her body!"
Dani looked at Jake, desperately hoping for him to defend her, but her boyfriend had sat down at the table after helping himself to wine. He hadn't filled Dani's glass, she noted. What had she done?
"I do apologise for my husband," Felicity said, looking at Jake rather than Dani.
"Nothing to apologise for," Jake said. "Tell me about the proposals for the new road-"
"Absolute nonsense!" Albert roared as he shovelled food onto his plate. "We don't need a new road into Myle Hye! We barely have any traffic!" His eyes found Dani, who had been trying to fill her own plate. "Tell me: what parts of you have you covered in drawings?"
"That's something Albert and I are quite proud of," Felicity was saying to Jake, apparently she was quite happy to ignore her husband now. "The train station was a compromise, of course, as are the bus routes, but the through-road they wanted to build between Kreenpye and King's Lynn was rejected, keeping our little village secure against traffic and our roads quiet-"
"Do you have one of those... what do you call them... 'tramp-stamps'?"
"I love how quiet it is around here," Jake said to Felicity, cutting the meat on his plate. "It was one of the many things that drew us to this village, isn't that right, darling?"
"Erm... sorry... what did you say?" Dani was thankful to look away from Albert's gaze.
"Darling, are you feeling OK?" Jake said. He turned to Felicity. "She's not been herself lately. I think work is putting her under pressure. I've been telling her she should take time off work to heal. She's been working a lot of overtime lately. I think one of her colleagues is putting pressure on her to work more."
What? No, Gareth wasn't... where was all this coming from?
"That's terrible," Felicity looked at her. "You really should take your boyfriend's advice."
"Gareth isn't-"
"So his name's Gareth," Jake said, and his eyes flashed with a brief flare of anger as he looked at her; Dani felt a sudden jolt of fear inside her. "How long has Gareth been working with you?"
"Erm... a few months..."
"Been working late since he started?" Jake said. He swallowed a chunk of chicken as he looked at her. The anger had disappeared but his eyes had none of the warmth he usually showed. They were cold, and regarded her like... like the meat he was eating, Dani realised. "I really hope this is all just a coincidence, babe."
"What else could it be?" Dani said, then caught Felicity's smirk out of the corner of her eye.
"Tell me more about this Gareth."
"He's just a friend," Dani said.
"They always say that," Albert suddenly interjected. Dani was surprised to see him looking not at her, but at Felicity; the older woman, however, was ignoring him and regarding Dani with a curious, knowing smile, that Dani didn't like.
Dani also didn't like the way Jake was looking at her either.
"He's just a friend!" She said. "There's nothing going on between us!"
"Even if she isn't right now, she wants to," Albert continued. His pudgy face alight with an evil grin. "You can see it in her eyes. You have my sympathies, dear boy-" he briefly turned his head to look at Jake, who hadn't taken his eyes off of Dani "-for I know what it is like to live with this type of woman. A cheating hussy-"
"SHUT UP!" Dani screamed, slamming her hand down on the table.
In the silence that followed Dani became acutely aware of the sound of Felicity's necklace as it moved against itself; the older woman's chest rising and falling with heavy breathing; Dani saw Jake's expression, and was rooted to the chair like a deer in the headlights of an oncoming truck.
Then it changed: Jake smiled. "Babe, do you mind checking on the desert? I don't want to burn it."
Dani looked at Felicity, who was regarding her with amusement, and then risked a glance over the table at Albert: the old man had settled back and was looking at her with a smug smirk, as if he had just won something. Dani had never wanted to punch someone so much in her life. "Yes, dear," she said to Jake, rising to her feet - surprised at how steady she was on them - and left the dining room.
Entering the kitchen she paused when she saw the oven was off: there wasn't anything in it.
She then felt his presence behind her. Heard the kitchen door quietly close.
His hands gripped her shoulder. His lips barely an inch from her ear. "All you had to do was sit there and smile," he whispered. It was the calm tone of his voice that was most frightening. "All you had to do, Dani. Ignore him. He's a fat, old fuck married to a woman who's sleeping with all the young men in this town. He's so fucking emasculated, and the only thing he has to enjoy is trying to get a rise out of her by leering at anyone with tits. All you had to do was sit there and show them off for him so I could talk with her. She's the fucking power in this town, Dani. She's almost ready to join our team. So fucking close. You better pray that your FUCKING IDIOCY in there hasn't ruined it for me."
Dani felt tears running down her cheeks.
"Now... stay here and get a hold of yourself," Jake continued to say in a horribly calm way. "I'll go back and tell them you had to bin the desert. There's an Eton Mess in the fridge. We'll serve that and pretend that's the back-up I had prepared earlier. OK?" He kissed her cheek. "There's a good girl... I know I can count on you... oh... and Dani?"
Turning her around, Jake looked down on her and smiled, and if anyone were to look in on the scene at this very point it would seem like a loving boyfriend talking to his distressed girlfriend; possibly trying to console her. Yet Dani felt anything but consoled by the look in his eyes.
"He better be a fucking friend," Jake said. That smile never wavered despite the venom in his voice. "I swear to God, Dani... he BETTER be just a FUCKING FRIEND..."
Somehow... miraculously... Dani found it within herself to look him in the eyes, and, with all the strength she had within her, lie: "He's just a friend, Jake. We work together. That's all."
For several, horrible seconds Jake's eyes searched hers; and somehow he was satisfied. "Good. I'm glad to hear that," he said. Letting her go. "Take a moment. Then come in and tell them that you burnt the desert I made. Then tell them I made a back-up in the fridge. OK?"
"OK, Jake," Dani said. Her eyes never leaving his. "I'll do exactly what you tell me."
"Hmm..." Jake regarded her for a few more seconds, before returning to the dining room; the door closing behind him before either of the Farrows could see her standing there; her breathing heavy, tears running down her face, realising that her friends had all been right to be wary of her boyfriend.
Well... Jake's mask was off now. But where would she go? She'd sold her flat. Added his name to her bank account. Fuck... he even knew her phone password... she had been in love... and he'd used that to trap her.
She was just his hot piece of ass to dangle in front of potential clients, wasn't she?
Dani wanted to run. Run to Zehra. To Rhian. To Gareth. To her friends.
But no...
No... fuck him... he thought he could do this to her? After everything she'd been through?
Fuck him...
No... not yet... she would have her revenge... She needed to be patient.
Two could play the long game...
So she gathered herself; wiped her eyes and checked her reflection in the window (by now the darkness had swallowed the garden); rearranged the dress to push her tits up even more; and, a forced smile on her face, strode back into the dining room and loudly announced to the Farrows that, due to her epic cock-up, her talented boyfriend's creation had to be ditched; but, thankfully due to Jake's incredible foresight regarding his girlfriend's abysmal skills in the kitchen, he had prepared a back-up for everyone; then promptly sat down to finish her dinner (which had gone stone cold by this point). Giving Albert a wink as she shovelled food into her mouth, and was very much amused to see a brief flicker of fear in the old man's eyes.
Obviously the type of man to be afraid of a strong woman.
Perhaps he wasn't the only one at this table who was...
*****
Dinner passed by without any further drama: if anything Dani behaved the perfect bimbo host as her boyfriend commanded the conversation. Felicity declared that she would love to see his boss, Ewa Kowalska, about switching legal representation to Hills & Follett; Jake couldn't be any happier as he shook her hand as the old woman and her lecherous husband left.
When the door closed shut that smile vanished, and Jake turned to look at Dani, who stood in the hallway behind him. Her face was perfectly neutral.
"Thank you..." he said. Though his face betrayed his suspicions.
Dani smiled sweetly. "I'm doing this for you, Jake," she said. "Like you wanted."
Jake regarded her for a moment longer, then walked towards her. Dani stood her ground. "Do you think you're clever?" He said. Standing right next to her Dani was acutely aware of the seven inch difference between their heights. "Do you, Danielle?"
"What do you think... JACOB?"
In answer his hand gripped her neck. Gently, but firmly, Jake pushed her back onto the stairs; Dani capitulating only out of fear for his strength. When she felt the stairs against her back, Jake pulled up her dress with his other hand. Finding her underwear he pulled it down, and began to softly, gently, fuck her with his fingers.
His eyes never left hers, and Dani didn't look away for a moment as she felt her body betray her: this whole situation was horribly arousing, and she hated herself for how wet she became in only five minutes of his touch. Her self-disgust must be showing in her eyes, for Jake smiled as he pulled his hand out and, reaching down to his own trousers, unzipped his flies and pulled out his huge ten-inch cock; by now fully erect and hard as rock.
Pushing himself into her, Jake fucked her on the stairs; his pace hard and fast. His hand left her neck to brace himself against the stairs as he plunged his dick into her. Her own hands were gripping the stairs and the bannister. Giving herself purchase as she held firm against his thrusts as his cock hammered deep into her.
Then... after five or ten minutes, Dani began to thrust back. Her breathing deep and heavy, her moans loud as she took his massive cock with hard and fast thrusts. Her hands gripped the steps tightly as she slammed herself against him.
They had fucked hard and fast before, but this was different. This was a dark, primal fuck. Her eyes never left his. She hated him. Loved him. Wanted him. Was disgusted by him. Emotions all tumbled in her head as she took his cock with a feral ferocity.
They said nothing to each other. The hallway was filled with the sound of grunting, and the wet sound of his cock plunging deep into her soaking wet pussy; their fluids gushing out all over the carpeted stairs. Dani glared up at him, even as she felt herself cum; her new-found hatred for the man mixing with how much she realised she still enjoyed having sex with him.
That made her hate him even more; and Jake knew it. His smug expression was of vile pride in what he was doing to her. Making this woman cum as she embraced her new loathing of all that he represented. It was obviously enough to tip him over the edge, or perhaps Jake wasn't even bothering to display some dick control: his cock began pumping massive amounts of his cum as he continued to thrust deep into her. Thick, potent gunk sloshed around inside her. Coating her fertile walls with his potent goo.
Jake didn't stop thrusting as he came. Hot, thick gunk squirted out over the carpets. Drops landed beneath their battling hips as he hammered away for a good minute, before he reached beneath her ass to pick her up.
Slamming her against the wall Jake continued to fuck her hard. Dani snarled as she wrapped her long, pale legs around him and helped him give her his dick with a strength he hadn't given her before. She felt her ass collide painfully with the wall; the pain drowned out by how good his dick felt as it slammed up into her.
Jake's face was a triumphant smug grin as he locked eye contact with Dani; her snarling as she came hard betraying her mutual emotional mix of contempt and lust. This whole situation both turned her on and filled her with disgust, which in turn turned her on even more. A sordid loop that made Dani cum hard again and again, as Jake carried her from wall to wall; slamming Dani against each surface so hard it knocked the wind out of her, before he proceeded to pound every inch of his ten-inch cock up into her.
He came just as much as she did, but Jake barely slowed down as his cock ejaculated massive quantities of his potent gunk up into her; his cock was a piston that kept going, as he threw her onto the sofa and pounded her into the cushions. He carried her to the table where they had just had such an uncomfortable meal; his arms sweeping the mats and remaining cutlery off before throwing Dani onto the tablecloth and furiously fucking her until they both came.
Hours passed and the hate sex only grew more intense, as both of them fucked each other until they came, over and over, until finally, out on the patio, Jake folded Dani up with her legs held to her shoulders and blasted her insides with his thirteenth load.
When the last glob of his cum splashed across her cervix, Jake leaned close to her. "I'm going to put a baby in that belly of yours," he whispered.
"I'm on the pill, you cunt," Dani whispered back. Their faces barely an inch apart. Expressions soaked in contempt for each other.
Jake just smirked. "Don't worry: my cum's potent as fuck," he said. "You won't be the first girl I get knocked up who was on birth control." He suddenly went in for a kiss. Their lips smashed together in a most grotesque way. "We're going to make a beautiful family here. Remember what you were when I found you. I made you who you are now. The least you can fucking do is give me what I want."
Dani didn't know what to say to that: the thought, previously uncomfortable, was now quite horrifying. She lay there as Jake withdrew himself and walked up the stairs past her. Feeling his thick cum ooze out of her, Dani's mind was suddenly clear.
When Dani finally picked herself up off the stairs and tentatively walked upstairs she found Jake fast asleep on the bed. Taking two sleeping pills for herself, Dani settled on the bed, facing him, and as she waited for the pills to take effect she stared into the sleeping face of a man she thought she knew.
Something caught her eye through the window, and she turned to look out into the night.
A light was on in the creepy old mansion again. So far away, yet Dani could see it clearly.
That sense of vertigo caught her again, and she looked away as the pills took effect; crawling up the bed to lie beside Jake, Dani allowed sleep to take hold of her despite her mind still full of horrifically contrasting thoughts.
She needed to get away from this. Somehow.
*****
A loud snap cut through the office chatter. A few heads turned to notice the new guy, Gareth, sitting next to Dani Cohen with a foul look on his face. She didn't seem too happy either, but the day had just started and the company had just taken on several new projects that needed to be completed by the end of the week and today was Thursday.
Those heads quickly turned away, giving the two privacy.
Gareth opened his hand and looked at the plastic pen he had just snapped in half.
"Hope that wasn't expensive," Dani said sardonically.
"Don't worry about it," Gareth muttered. It was a cheap biro. Nothing important. "Jesus! Dani! I can't believe this cunt thinks he can put you through shit like that!"
Dani shrugged. She hadn't told Gareth everything. Just about the dinner. She didn't mention how Jake had taken her on the stairs (and the ensuing hate-sex marathon). Didn't mention how she had found herself enjoying how he had aggressively fucked her after making her feel so weak and powerless. Didn't mention any of it because Dani didn't want Gareth to be as disgusted with her as she was with herself. It was terrifying to think that Jake had such a hold over her.
"You should leave him!" Gareth said, leaning forward to keep his voice down so that the others in the office wouldn't hear this conversation. "You can't stay with a guy like that!"
"I don't have anywhere to go!" Dani said. She didn't want to admit to Gareth that Jake terrified her: simply leaving him wouldn't be enough when he could just follow her, and Dani didn't want to know what he would do to her if she tried to leave.
"What about your friend, Zee? She's got a place, right?"
"Damaged by flooding," Dani said. It was true: Zehra's place was still being repaired. "Zee's at her boyfriend's place at the moment." Trying not to fuck her boyfriend's best friend, as well.
"You can stay with me," Gareth said. That would be a tough sell to the others, he knew, but he didn't want this woman he had come to care about staying with this obviously abusive boyfriend of hers.
"Gareth..." Dani said. Flattered and also a little terrified by his suggestion: Jake was already so suspicious about her 'working' relationship with Gareth. Moving in with him would spell trouble for them both. Gareth was a nice guy, who worked out, but he wasn't the physical powerhouse that Jake was. "You live with three people already. There's no space for me. That wouldn't be fair for your friends."
"I'm sure they'll understand..." Gareth muttered, not too sure himself. "What about family?"
Dani's look hardened. "Trust me when I say I'd rather stay with Jake than live with my parents in Kreenpye."
"Jesus... are they that bad?" When she nodded Gareth whistled in sympathy. "Mine are cool... but they live on the other side of the UK..." Otherwise he might have asked them to give Dani a room to stay in.
"Look... I appreciate what you're trying to do, but..." Dani wasn't sure what to say. She didn't know what she was going to do, and nothing Gareth was suggesting felt like the answer. "I just need some time... I'll think of a plan..."
Gareth raised an eyebrow.
"Gareth... please... don't do anything stupid: you don't know Jake."
"Apparently neither did you," he said. Then immediately regretted it: "Dani... I'm sorry..."
"No, that's fair," she said with a sigh. "Impressive how people can lie to you."
"I haven't."
She looked at him. Placed her hand on his. "I know. Thanks, Gareth. I'm glad you're here."
He gripped her hand tightly. "I don't want to be just 'here', he said.
Dani bit her lip. Dear God: she wanted to take him right now! She didn't care if he was bigger than Jake or not (unlikely - Jake was fucking monstrous! (In more ways than one)). Dani wanted to feel this man inside her.
Yet she still offered a sad smile. "I'm sorry Gareth," she said. What was she sorry for? "I should probably not..."
She was still holding his hand. Feeling his fingers entwined with hers. The warmth of his flesh.
"Don't go..." he said. Leaning so close to her.
God, he smelt nice!
"Gareth... I..." She was looking right at him. His eyes so close. She could just-
Her phone rang. For one brief, panic-stricken moment Dani thought it was Jake.
It wasn't. "Hey Zee," she said. "What's up?"
"I need to see you!" Zehra said. "This is an emergency!"
Dani offered Gareth an apologetic smile. "I have to go: Zee needs me."
"Sure," he smiled at her; his face filled with warmth and support. "Go see your friend. We'll talk again tomorrow, right?"
"Sure."
*****
"Hey! What's the emergency?" Dani exclaimed as she hurriedly collapsed onto the stool next to Zehra's, dumping her work bag on the bar in front of her and holding it tightly against the reasonably large crowd in the club tonight; although only a few were by the bar, with most out on the dance floor enjoying some poor man's synthwave. As this was a Thursday her friend, Rhian, wasn't working behind the bar, and Dani wasn't surprised to see Rhian's boss, the tall, blonde and equally tattooed Alexa Matthews-Kent serving drinks instead.
"Apple spritzer, please!" She said to Alexa. The much taller woman rolled her eyes but went off to make the cocktail anyway. Dani smiled at that: it seemed she was very much a slave to habit with her drinks, ordering the same thing every time she drank. "So what's up, Zee?"
Zehra looked at her with despair. "I want to have sex with Logan!"
"Fucking knew it!" Dani said, slapping the surface of the bar. "I knew you wanted a ride on the Logan Log!"
Zehra closed her eyes. "Please tell me that's not what people call it."
"That's what I called it!" Alexa spoke up. Then she glanced at the two women. "We are talking about Logan Evans, right?"
"The one, the only," Zehra sighed. "The 'Logan Log'... really?!?"
"It's fucking huge," Alexa said. "I mean... I've fucked some big dicks in my life, but Logan? Girl you are..." Alexa's voice trailed off as she positioned her hands in the air in front of her, a good ten inches or so apart, Zehra reckoned.
"Fuck..." Zehra said breathlessly.
The Dani from a week ago would have found her friend's reaction amusing - Jake was just as big as Logan, after all - but the Dani of today found the size an uncomfortable reminder of Jake and the power he held over her. It wasn't just his big dick and the way he made her feel with it, but that he knew she had liked it when he had fucked her on the stairs.
"Shoo, Alex!" Dani said, gesturing with a hand. Eager for the conversation to move away from how big Logan was down there. "Go be boss girl somewhere. I need a moment with my bestie here." Ignoring Alexa's look, Dani turned to Zehra. "Is this a two-way street?"
"No! At least... I'm fairly sure he doesn't fancy me," Zehra said.
"Oh Jesus, Zee..." Dani sighed, although she was happy that her friend was apparently leading a life less complicated than hers. "Tell me you're not thinking of acting on this, are you?"
"Hmm?"
"I said you're not thinking of actually fucking him, right?" Dani said, her eyes wide. "I mean... Christ, Zee! Adrian's a sweet man!"
"I'm not going to cheat on my boyfriend!" Zehra said in annoyance. "I love Adrian. He's been the best thing to happen to me in fucking years! He GETS me! He fucking deals with my shit! I'm not going to fuck anyone behind his back; ESPECIALLY not his best friend! Logan and Adrian go back YEARS! I'm not going to get in between them like that!"
"Jesus, Zee... just making sure you weren't thinking of doing something fucking stupid like get your vagina wet with someone else's dick," Dani muttered. Getting HER pussy wet with a certain other man's cock would definitely be a bad idea.
"I'm not!" Zehra insisted. "It's just a fantasy, OK? Just a little..."
"Please tell me you're not masturbating to him."
"God no! It's Henry Cavill, like a normal person."
Strange: Dani also enjoyed shlicking one out to Henry Cavill. Especially watching him painting Warhammer miniatures... what girl could resist a handsome man with a chiselled jawline who could fucking paint? Not Dani Cohen, that was for certain.
It was what had attracted her to Jake. His good looks. Chiselled jawline.
He wasn't very creative though (outside the kitchen).
Now Gareth on the other hand... handsome as fuck... and he could actually paint...
"Good girl," Dani took a sip from her drink. "Hmm... this is nice. Hey, what's in this?" Calling out down the bar to where Alexa was serving someone else.
Alexa half-turned to regard Dani and called back "Apples!"
"Bet you think you're funny!"
"Fucking hilarious," Alexa said. "You gonna pay your tab?"
Dani made a half-strangled laugh, then turned back to Zehra. "She gets me."
"I think she wants to kill you."
"No, she's just got a really bad case of resting bitch face. Worse than yours."
"It's not that bad, is it?" Zehra said. Prodding her cheeks with her fingers as she spoke. Then a strange look came over her friend's face. "Hey... Dani... do you think... if a guy actually likes you, but is afraid to show it... could he be an asshole to you?"
"What? Like pulling your hair in school because he has a crush on you?" Dani said, smiling at the image she conjured. "Do you think Logan's got a crush on you, then? He's acting all mean to you because he doesn't want Adrian to know he fancies the pants off you?" That was certainly an opposite display of affection than Gareth, who was practically dripping with his desire for her.
"Oh God..." Zehra's eyes widened. "I've done the same to him."
"Wow... you two are children," Dani said, as she licked the inside of her cocktail glass clean.
"Hark who's talking." Zehra sighed. "This just makes things more awkward. I mean... if I like him, and he likes me, but I'm dating his best friend..."
"Your life is a shitty romance novel," Dani said.
"You're right. Any advice?"
"I've got some," Alexa said, having moved back down to their end of the bar.
Zehra regarded her with obvious irritation. "And what would that be?"
Alexa grinned a savage grin. "Turn it into shitty erotica instead."
"Real fucking helpful, Alex," Dani said. "Is that your advice for every problem? Fuck it?"
"It's worked for me."
Dani rolled her eyes. There was no way she could turn HER life into shitty erotica. It was a bad Colleen Hoover novel instead. Just her fucking luck.
"So enough about me," Zehra said, plunging Dani into a state of fear: she had been enjoying her friend bitching about her lovelife. "What's going on with you lately? Didn't disturb some quality time with you and... what's-his-face?"
"Gareth? No..." Dani sighed. She didn't want to lie to Zehra. No, her friend deserved the truth.
So Dani told Zehra everything.
Including the parts she hadn't told Gareth.
Dani could see Zehra's face become more and more furious the longer her story went on, until she finally finished and her friend exploded: "I WILL FUCKING KILL HIM!" Zehra snarled as she turned to leave, forcing Dani to restrain her. "Dee! What the fuck? After what he did to you?"
"Come on Zee?" Dani hissed. "What are you going to do? March into my house and beat the shit out of my boyfriend?"
"YES!"
"He'll just charge you with breaking and entering and GBH," Alexa muttered, cleaning a glass as she stood behind the bar.
"Wait... he can't do that... right?" Zehra said, looking from Dani to Alexa.
"No, she's right... I think..." Dani looked questioningly at Alexa.
"Your boyfriend's Jacob Cook, right?" When Dani nodded, apparently confused as to why this nightclub owner knew her boyfriend, Alexa clarified: "My husband, Mark, is a colleague of Jake. Apparently Jake doesn't get on with most people at H&F, Mark included."
"Yeah... I've met another H&F guy, Theo," Dani said, noticing Alexa's lips curl into a smile at the mention of the name. Curious. "He says Jake's not popular too."
"Except with the bigwigs," Alexa said. "Unfortunately that's all that counts. Jake brings in the big clients. Clients that make H&F a lot of money. You're not the first woman he's wrapped in his spider's web."
"What happened to them?" Dani asked, realising that Jake had never spoken about his exes.
"Left town," Alexa said. "It seems Coytoss isn't big enough for Jake and any woman that pisses him off."
"What did he do? Harass them?"
"Don't need to when you're golfing buddies with John Follett and his friends," Alexa said.
Dani whistled. No wonder Jake didn't talk much about work: keeping that under wraps was a definite power move. John Follett - the Follett in Hills & Follett - was arguably one of the most powerful men in the city. Possibly Eroshire. Possibly even the UK. He didn't have quite as big a house as the Throne, but it was up there; in that suburb within the city, the Sashan Grey Estate, where you could find a few other big families, the movers-and-shakers of Coytoss, like the Khans and the Matthews; the Kents and the Chens. John Follett and his golfing buddies were the type of people who could say one thing and every employer in the city would be tossing your CV in the bin the moment they saw your name. It would render you unemployable to anyone except binmen, cleaners, and the Pret A Manger on the corner. No wonder the women left town.
"No way we're fucking letting that happen to Dani!" Zehra growled. "We need to get her out of this ASAP-"
Dani's phone went off. She looked at the screen and sighed.
"Don't answer it!" Zehra said, noticing the name on the screen.
"I have to," Dani said. "He'll only get worse if I don't." Holding a finger up to her friend's anger Dani held the phone up to her ear. "I'm not at work. I'm at PC with Zee."
"Really?" Jake said. Sounding unconvinced.
"Yes, really!" Dani said, trying to remain calm. "Zee called and-"
"Let me speak to that fucking cunt!" Zehra hissed through Dani's finger, by now almost held firm against her face.
"Tell Zehra I can hear her."
Dani looked at Zehra. "He can hear you."
"Good!" Zehra leaned as close to Dani as she could; Dani furiously tried to keep her friend at bay with one hand while holding the phone with the other. "I KNOW WHAT YOU DID! IF I SEE YOU I WILL FUCKING KILL YOU!"
"Put me on speaker," Jake said.
Feeling a cold chill Dani did.
"Hey Zehra, how's the job hunting going?"
Zehra's eyes widened. "You haven't-"
"Did you think I wasn't listening when you told Dani those lies about me?"
Dani groaned. That had been months ago! Zehra had come round the flat before the move out to Myle Hye. She and Dani had been sharing a drink on the balcony overlooking the roundabout known as Miller's Madness. Zehra had been pointing out her new boyfriend's flat on the other side of the roundabout. They had been laughing about it. The conversation had shifted to Dani's boyfriend. Zehra had said a few choice remarks about Jake (she was somewhere between four or five vodka tonics into the evening). Dani was sure Jake had been in the kitchen, cooking snacks for the evening!
Zehra grabbed the phone and held it closer to her. "Well, I was right, wasn't I? You're a fucking control freak! You and your chums can blacklist me all you fucking want! I'm not leaving!"
"I don't expect you to, Zehra," Jake said. Dani hated how calm he sounded. "But you're going to be a good girl and keep to your lane. You're not going to give Dani any shitty advice, OK?"
"Or what?" Zehra snarled.
Dani wished she hadn't said that.
"Dani's been making such great progress. I'm sure they'll let her see Chloe soon. You wouldn't want to be responsible for messing that up, would you?"
Dani turned the speaker off and held the phone to her ear while Zehra's face grew white. "I'm coming home," she croaked. "We'll talk then."
"I'm sure we will," Jake said, sounding pleased with himself.
Disconnecting the call Dani looked at her friend in shock. "I never told him!"
"Oh shit!" Zehra said. "How did he find out...?"
A moment of shocked silence descended between the two women. They look at each other, too stunned to talk. A phone slid across the counter towards Dani; she looked up at Alexa. "Give me your number," the tall woman said. "My husband works for H&F. He'll work something out."
Dani nodded. She felt numb. "Thank you..." After typing her number into Alexa's phone she got to her feet, swaying slightly. "I'm sorry... I need to go..." She felt Zehra's hands in hers, but couldn't give her friend more than a look of panic before she turned and hurried out of the club.
*****
Panic had given way to rage by the time she arrived back at Jake's house (she couldn't regard it as home anymore). Letting herself in she found him in the kitchen, preparing dinner.
"HOW DARE YOU USE MY DAUGHTER AGAINST ME!" Dani screamed as she strode up to him.
"I'm hurt that you never told me you had one," Jake said with a calmness that infuriated her. "I thought we had a relationship built on truth and honesty."
Dani stared at him, incredulous. "How dare you-"
"If you told me about her from the start this might all have turned out a little differently."
"Am I honestly to believe you've been torturing me because you're butthurt I didn't tell you I have a daughter?" Dani snarled. "Moving out here! The Farrows! Your little ways of punishing me for not telling you?"
"I feel I should know that you have a child with another man."
"You have no right to that!" Dani said. She was standing right next to him. Unperturbed by the height difference between them.
With a speed that took her by surprise Jake grabbed her hips and pinned her against the other counter. His face was close to hers. A smile on his face. "What a sad little girl you were," he said, and as he spoke his hand moved to slide down between her jeans and panties, and her pale skin. "All drugged up and shacking up with all kinds of bad men." His fingers slid inside her. Dani felt her breath catch and with horror realised she was actually finding this arousing - and he knew! This bastard knew! "One of them took advantage of you... knocked you up... but they wouldn't let you keep the baby... they took it away from you..."
"Her..." Dani whispered. She countered - her hands slipped beneath his jeans. "She has a name you cunt."
"Do remind me..." Jake's face was almost touching hers. Their lips so close together.
"Chloe," Dani said. Hating that she was telling this manipulative piece of shit one of the most personal aspects of her life. Her baby girl; taken from her by social services so many years ago. A daughter she had never seen. She was promised if she got clean and got a stable income that she might, one day, see Chloe again.
Jake kissed her. She kissed him back. How she hated kissing him back, but she was, and her hands were around his cock, and his were pleasing her cunt like he had so often did, in that way of his that made her feel fire down below, and before Dani realised it he had lifted her up and perched her on the side of the counter, and he had pushed himself inside her, and Dani had her arms around his neck, her lips to his ear, whispering how much of a cunt he was, and that she hated him - hated him so much - but he was making her cum like only Jake could do...
The dinner was forgotten: Jake fucked her in the kitchen for hours, moving her from counter to floor; pounding his monstrous cock into her in ways he knew made her cum hard enough to see stars. Dani screamed obscenities as she climaxed again and again - actual obscenities, about how much she hated him and what he was doing to her, even as she clawed at his back, bucking her hips up to meet his thrusts as he fucked her, before she clutched her legs around his waist as he blasted her insides with copious amounts of his cum.
His sordid method of torturing her continued to their bedroom, and he pounded her into the bed over and over, until Dani's screams became incoherent as she came over and over; Jake kept flooding her pussy with his cum until it felt like her eyes would turn white with his vile (but oh so fucking tasty) cum.
It was sometime in the early morning when he finally stopped. Holding himself above her, his face drenched in sweat, Jake grinned as he watched her come to her senses. "Are you going to be a good girl, Dani?" He growled.
Post-nut clarity was a real bitch, Dani mused as she brought her head up. Eyes filled with such loathing for this man. This handsome stud of a man who never failed to give her the best sex of her life, even now that she hated him with a passion she didn't think she was capable of. Hated him, and still wanted him. Fuck him. Fuck him literally and figuratively.
"I'll be a good girl," she snarled. "I'll be good..." Raising her lips to his ear she whispered "Until I FUCK you... good and HARD!"
"Good luck with that," Jake whispered back.
*****
The next few weeks were not the worst of Dani's life; those dark days lying on the squalid cold concrete floor of an abandoned house in the southern dilapidated districts of Coytoss, a far cry from the glittering towers she walked amongst these days, were much worse than living with her asshole boyfriend, and Dani knew it would be hyperbole in most revolting degree to even claim it was remotely similar.
Yet that didn't make the days any less hellish. Every waking moment was spent pretending to be nice to Jake; whether it was eating with him at their dining table, or watching TV with him on the sofa; when he called her repeatedly at work, asking how she was and pretending to be the caring boyfriend, but Dani knew he was making sure she wasn't with Gareth.
Gareth was about to explode: Dani could tell from the way he would find opportunities to be at her desk, using the projects they were working together on as excuses to be near her, asking her questions about what Jake was doing, what she was going to do; questions Dani didn't have any answers to. He wanted to help, but what could he do?
Nothing was worse than the evenings Jake and she had sex: Dani hating every moment of the intense pleasures he could give her. Hating that it was Jake who was making her cum like no man had before. She would tell him this again and again, as she moaned with the pleasures he gave her even as she wanted nothing more than to be anywhere else.
What made it worse - what made the whole situation revolting - was that Dani found herself at work actually, genuinely looking forward to going home and having sex with her boyfriend, even as she doodled dozens of ways she could kill the man and get away with it. She hated that he had such a hold over her; she hated that she could see the chains; she hated that it was obvious that Jake could see them too, and that smug smile he always had when he fucked her on, against and beneath everything in their house told her that he was fully aware of how addicted she was to his sex. He knew that her niceness to him was an act, and she knew he knew, but neither of them had any intention of breaking this sordid act of theirs; because in some way it was making their fucking even hotter, even spicier, more orgasmic, more... *wrong*.
Dani knew the feeling well. She still recalled that same sense of need and revulsion from when she would hold the needle to her skin...
Jake had become her new drug.
It was fortunate that Blue Ball insisted on working at the offices, for Jake couldn't make her work from home; although he worked at the H&F offices most days Dani knew he was frustrated that he wasn't keeping an eye on her at work. She found it amusing that he obviously felt Gareth was a threat to him, but she couldn't tell Gareth that. It might give the young man ideas.
Dani didn't want him to risk himself riding into town to save the day, but her fear for his safety was partially drowned out by her desire to keep this unhealthy relationship going. She wanted to fuck Jake figeratively, but that was being constantly put on hold by her desire to fuck him...
"Literally," Dani said, sighing. She looked at her friend, who had been quiet throughout.
Zehra had her mouth partially open, and Dani could tell that the tanned woman was trying to figure out what to say to that admission. Eventually: "Well... fuck..."
"The idea is not to," Dani said.
"Jesus, Dee... is sex with him *that* good?" Zehra said. "Is it worth fucking your life up over?"
"My life isn't 'fucked up'!" Dani muttered. "It's just..."
"Not exactly 'unfucked' now, is it?"
"It's complicated."
"It's really not," said the new barmaid as she placed the refills down on the polished counter in front of the two women.
Dani wasn't sure what to think of PC's newest worker. Tonight was surprisingly busy, and her friend Rhian was elsewhere dealing with some cock-up with the latest delivery on Alexa's orders, leaving the assistant manager Terri Harding, Angelica Potts, and this newbie running the bar on such a packed night. Dani had been surprised when she had first seen the new girl: Haley Smith was a towering six feet and five inches. The only other woman Dani knew that tall was the doctor at the Health of Khan - Leona Hunt - who had been a tall nerdy boy before realising that she was in fact a tall, glamorous (but still nerdy) woman.
Haley didn't appear to be trans, and Dani was insanely jealous of not only the woman's height, but also her smooth, pale skin - untouched by ink or needle, it seemed - and a perfect hourglass figure with hips that Dani would literally kill to obtain, and a pair of tits that seemed revoltingly natural and larger than Zehra's (who had been, up to this point, Dani's main boob envy). Haley's hair was long and loose, and Dani wasn't sure if it was the lighting in this nightclub or she had had one too many cocktails already tonight, but Haley's dark hair seemed to have a purplish hue to it (maybe she dyed it?)
But what was most unnerving where the tall girl's eyes: bright blue, with that same purple tint to them, but when Dani had looked too long and hard to see if that purple tint was a trick of the lights a strange sense of vertigo had came over her - despite being seated at the bar. It had been very much like that feeling she had had those nights in her bedroom looking across the valley at the distant Miller house. That light in the window.
Dani had avoided looking at Haley too much since that moment, and had managed it all night so far until now.
Still, she tried not to look the woman in the eye when she said "and why do you think that?"
Haley shrugged, taking the empty glasses. Spinning them between her fingers as she spoke: "I think it's obvious you enjoy the forbidden nature of sex with this man," she said. "You know it is not a healthy indulgence of lust, yet that sordid flavour tastes far too good to pass up."
"How about less eavesdropping into customer conversations and more serving?" Terri said as she hurried past Haley.
"Yeah, what she said," Zehra said, gesturing with a finger for Haley to go away.
The tall woman smiled as she did so; glasses still spinning between slender pale fingers.
"She's creepy," Zehra muttered.
Dani nodded in agreement, but what was most creepy was the feeling she had seen the woman before. However: "she's right, though. I don't want to leave Jake. I'm not afraid of him, I'm..."
"Addicted?"
Dani nodded again. "So much for four years clean..."
"Don't," Zehra said. "You're still going strong. This is... something else. I know you'll fight him. I know you're strong enough."
"What do I do? Chain him up?"
"Well, if you want..." Zehra reached into her handbag and pulled out a pair of grubby looking handcuffs. "Look what I found when I emptied my place the other day."
"Oh Jesus... are they what I think they are?" Dani said, taking the handcuffs from her friend. "I guess this means they're finally going to sort your place out?"
"Soon," Zehra said, sighing. "Landlord says he'll get the builders in over the next few weeks to fix the damage. In the meantime I'm kind of living with Adrian proper now... might not go back to the old flat, to be honest."
Dani looked at the handcuffs. "I can't believe you kept them!"
"Memento of our amazing escape from Derek Newell's clutches!" Zehra said, referring to the now Commissioner of the Eroshire Police Force, who had, years ago, arrested the two women on one eventful night. Having sex with him in the back of his police car had been one of Dani's high points in an otherwise crappy year of several mistakes (and several arrests). "Seriously though: I still laugh at the look on his face when you switched those cuffs around. How the fuck did you do that, anyway?"
"Trade secret," Dani said, smiling. She had become very adept at getting herself out of cuffs in all the times she had found herself in them; Derek Newell had discovered that when the woman he thought had been securely handcuffed in the back of his police car had - while he had been so very occupied pounding her into the back seat - casually slipped the handcuffs on him, leaving him attached to the car when Dani had run off (taking Zehra with her, after taking the cuffs off of her friend).
She had at least waited until Derek had cum before escaping, though. She wasn't that mean.
"Keep them," Zehra said. "As a reminder of how you can get yourself out of any situation."
Dani smiled at her friend, dropping the cuffs into her own handbag. "This is sweet... in a really weird way."
"Would I be any other way?" Zehra said, grinning.
Dani's phone interrupted any reply she would have made to her friend. Seeing the name on the screen (changed from 'Jakester' to 'Cuntster' a while back) she sighed. "I'm just having drinks."
"Bitching about me to your girlfriend?" Jake said. He sounded smug about something.
"You're not even worth talking about."
"You're so sweet, babe," he said. "You should come back home and I can show you how sweet you are in person."
Dani looked at Zehra; the other woman appeared frightened by something. It was certainly the look in Dani's eye. "I'm on my way," she said, mouthing 'I'm sorry' to her friend.
The look Zehra gave her still haunted Dani an hour later when she stepped off the train at the tiny Myle Hye station. She felt thoroughly disgusted with herself; the feeling still with her when Jake had finally stopped fucking her, and had flopped onto the bed and fallen asleep. It was the early hours of the morning, and Dani once again stood in front of the window, sleeping pills in her hand, regarding that distant light on an otherwise dark and abandoned-looking manor.
"What are YOU fucking looking at?" She growled before knocking back the pills.
The house was silent.
*****
It was Thursday. All the worst shit seemed to happen on Thursdays. The morning was marked only by crowds at the ticket booth when Dani exited the train at Coytoss Main Street; as she walked past she heard enough to understand people were nervously asking if the strike was still called off; the station staff calmly assuring people that yes, the pay talks were going well and the strike was definitely not happening today.
For some reason this made Dani feel worse, for reasons she couldn't explain to herself.
Somehow she managed to drag herself through the morning, despite Gareth being nowhere to be seen. She had grown to be afraid of when he was around, for fear (completely irrational fear) that Jake was watching her, but now, with him mysteriously absent, and no one in the office had any idea why, Dani realised she missed him. Deeply.
She needed Gareth. Somehow, slowly, over the course of many months, he had become kind of a rock for her. Something she had been using to keep herself afloat even while Jake had tried to drown her in the mundanity of Myle Hye.
Now he was the lifeline that kept her from drowning in Jake. Zehra was too volatile: she would only exacerbate the situation. Gareth was keeping his distance, but he was also there for her; his support a much needed island of peace in the sea of shame and guilt that had become her life.
"Are you sure you don't know where he's gone?" Dani asked Amanda, who again shrugged.
"He's not answering his phone," she said. Obviously concerned for Dani. "I'm sure he's fine."
Dani could only nod and try and concentrate on her work, but it felt like she was back in Myle Hye, drowning beneath all that silence. She loved coming into the office; for she could feel all the inspiration of the city, but now it was missing something. She couldn't quite touch it. All the city around her - all the noise and turbulence and activity and life - and she couldn't feel it.
It was Gareth. He was her muse. His smile, his laughter, his very presence was needed for her to feel connected with her art.
She needed him.
She needed to take a fucking walk.
Getting up from her voluminous cushion, Dani trudged to the staff room to pour herself some fresh coffee, when she practically collided with him.
"Hey! Sorry I'm late, my-"
Gareth stopped talking when Dani pressed her lips to his. He felt so warm. Comforting. Dani heard her mug hit the floor as her hands wrapped around Gareth. She felt his hands on her back, pulling her close until her tits, barely held back by the shirt she was wearing, pressed tightly to his chest; it felt hard, but she knew he worked out.
"About time," Amanda muttered as she walked past the two. Smirking when she noticed Dani push her tongue into Gareth's mouth.
Their tongues entwined, Dani and Gareth kissed in the hallway. Ignoring the looks from their colleagues as people passed them; ignoring the few 'get a room' comments flung their way; they kissed like two lovers who hadn't seen each other for an age, not like two work colleagues who'd only known each other for a few months.
Eventually Dani broke the kiss. She felt no shame for what she had done: if anything it felt... it felt *right*. "Sorry," she said, smirking like she had just had her first kiss. "You were saying?"
It took a moment for Gareth to restart his brain: even in his wildest dreams he had never, ever thought Dani would do something like that. He was very aware that his jeans were straining; his cock desperate to break free. Maybe tonight... "I forgot to charge my phone," he said calmly, his heart beating thunderously. "Have you guys been trying to call me?"
Feeling a little sheepish now, Dani nodded. "Sorry..."
"Stop apologising," Gareth said. "I'm happy to see you too." He frowned. "Does this mean-"
"No... I'm sorry..." Dani sighed. "I just... I was worried about you..."
"You're really not leaving him?" Gareth was confused. What was it this man had over her?
"I'm... it's difficult to explain... I-" Dani was saved from having to explain her vile connection to Jake by her phone. Seeing 'Cuntster' on the screen her heart leapt into her mouth. "Oh shit it's him..."
"Don't answer it!"
"I have to!"
"Why?" Gareth said. "He's not good for you!"
"No... no he's not," Dani said, feeling the tears build up. "But I can't escape, Gareth..."
"Come back with me," Gareth said, holding her arms. "I'll protect you."
"How can you protect me from myself?"
He didn't have an answer to that.
Dani kissed him again. More gently this time. Less tongue. "I can't help it," she said. "I always make the worst mistakes in my life."
"No you don't," Gareth said. "Kissing me wasn't a mistake."
Dani was about to answer when her phone rang again. It was Jake. Again. She gave Gareth an apologetic look; his expression in reply almost hurt her, physically. "What do you want, Jake?"
"Just want to check up on you, babe," he said. "How's your day going?"
"Fine."
"No problems getting in?"
"No. Everything's fine."
"How's Gareth?"
"Wouldn't know. Haven't seen him all day."
There was a pause. Dani felt her heart beating.
"Don't fucking lie to me!" He snarled.
"I'm not fucking lying!" Dani lied. "I haven't seen him all day! No one here has been able to get in contact with him!" She stared at Gareth as she spoke; he was looking at her as if he wanted to snatch the phone from her hand and tell Jake exactly what he thought of him. Just in case, Dani turned her body away from him so as to put herself between Gareth and the phone. "Did you call just because you don't believe I don't feel anything more for Gareth than as a colleague?"
"Don't take me for a fucking idiot, Danielle," Jake said. "I've seen your face when you mention him."
"You're just paranoid... Jacob."
"Am I?"
Another long pause. "Is there anything else I can do for you... *babe*?!?"
"Yes. I'm in town today."
A pit opened up in her stomach. "I thought you were working from home today?"
"Needed to come to the office for a meeting," Jake replied. "I think we should meet up after to have a drink. I think it would be good for us."
"When I finish up here."
"Of course. Meet you outside your office around five?"
Dani could feel her teeth grinding. "Sure... meet you at five." She hung up before he could give her a response; or maybe he would have hung up anyway in some sort of sick power play.
"He's in town, I take it?" Gareth said. When she nodded he pulled her close, hugging her. "You told me once you were four years clean?"
"Yeah..." Dani frowned.
"Dani... I think you just swapped one drug for another."
She pulled away. Regarded him with both anger and embarrassment: Gareth was right. Dani had realised it a while back. It hadn't been too long after attending addicts anonymous that Jake had entered her life, giving all the life-affirming, comforting benefits she had once taken drugs to chase. He had wormed his way underneath her skin until it felt she would die if she removed him from her. She kept going back to him even now, knowing what a piece of shit he was.
He was her drug. The way he made her feel... even knowing how bad he was for her Dani couldn't let go of him. Even after all these years she was still an addict.
"Dani, I didn't mean-"
"No, you're right," she said. "I'm sorry, Gareth. I'm just a fucking mess."
It was why they had taken Chloe from her, after all...
"Dani, I-"
"Please, Gareth... just... I need some time... not today..." Knowing how he must feel, knowing it was *her* who had kissed him first, Dani felt like an awful human being just leaving him there in the corridor - confused and hurt - but she couldn't face him at the moment. She felt so disgusted with herself. She didn't deserve a guy like Gareth. She deserved a guy like Jake.
A part of her was disappointed that Gareth didn't chase after her; Dani returned to her desk alone, and tried her best to concentrate on her work.
*****
Five hours later she had done sweet fuck-all. Staring at the screen in despair - the project had to be finished by the end of next week! - Dani looked at the time and, with a heavy feeling inside her, gathered her things and headed out to meet with her dear, loving, boyfriend (who was not a piece of shit who enjoyed tormenting her!)
Jake was leaning against the sculpture as she exited the building. Smiling like someone who had everything in the palm of his hand. "Looking beautiful today," he said.
She knew she looked a mess. Knew he saw it too. "Fuck you," she said, giving him a kiss on the cheek for anyone watching them. "Where the fuck are going?"
"Home," Jake said.
She frowned. "I thought you wanted a drink?"
"Haven't you been paying any attention to the news?" Jake said, grabbing her by the arm and quickly marching her in the direction of Coytoss Main Street station. "The talks fell through one minute to midnight! The union stormed out! The strike is back on!"
"What? Can they do it so quickly?" Dani was shocked. She was trying to keep up with Jake and his faster pace - his legs were longer than hers, after all.
"They're sending everyone home," Jake said. His face was thunderous. "They've already closed several stations. Fuck! I'm not getting stuck in this shithole tonight!"
"Can that happen?"
"The buses don't run this late, Dani! Fucking Mayor killed off most of the routes!"
She voted for the other guy.
Jake was practically carrying her down the street towards the station; even at a distance Dani could see hundreds of people crowding around the entrance. As they approached the sounds of desperate commuters rose to a cacophony of angry demands "WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?"; desperate pleas "I JUST NEED TO GET HOME!"; and verbal aggression "FUCK YOU! FUCKING UNIONS!"
Dani was dragged through the crowds by Jake, as he barged between people on his way to the platform they normally used to travel to Myle Hye; only to almost collide with his broad back as Jake came to an abrupt stop.
"Fuck..." She heard him mutter.
Standing on her toes, Dani looked over the shoulders of the people in front of her to see that a series of whiteboards had been wheeled out in front of all the platforms. 'NO TRAINS' was the one sentence written in thick black pen on each board. "That was fast..." she muttered.
"Only two fucking trains an hour," Jake said. "Probably went into the sidings earlier today and never came out. Fuck this..."
"We could get an Uber?"
"Along with most of Coytoss?" Jake shook his head. "Too late. Knew you'd take too fucking long getting out of that fucking office-"
Dani felt her blood boil. "Well if someone hadn't moved us out to the middle of fucking nowhere in the first place!"
"I-" Jake began, then bit his tongue: she could see in his face that he knew she had him there.
"Lets just rent a hotel room," she said. "Quickly, before anyone else gets the same idea and there's no rooms left."
Jake made to reply, then nodded. "Good idea," he said. No trace of his venom could be heard. This was not a moment for them to indulge in their toxic relationship. No, they could save that for when they found a place to rest for the night.
*****
That place wasn't too far away: the Main Street Hotel. They were not the first through the front doors; Dani and Jake entered the luxurious hotel lobby to find it packed full of people already looking for a place to stay for the evening; every route out of Coytoss was quickly shutting down with the strike.
It took an hour to finally reach the reception desk. Dani had watched Jake's face grow darker and darker the longer they waited. She hadn't said much to him throughout the whole ordeal. All she wanted was to collapse on a bed, curl up, and escape her problems with sleep.
"We only have a few rooms left-" The pretty receptionist began to say. Her face betrayed what few nerves she must have left after the last few hours.
"We'll take one," Jake growled.
The woman nodded. Her green eyes narrowed behind her glasses as she typed away, staring at the screen intently for a few minutes. Those minutes then kept accumulating...
"What's the problem?" Jake said. Leaning on the counter of the reception desk like he wanted to leap over and strangle her.
Perhaps sensing how annoyed he had become, the receptionist wheeled her chair over to the one other receptionist manning this desk. "I need you to see something," she whispered into his ear.
Both receptionists then wheeled back to the screen. They looked at the monitor. Then at each other. Then at the monitor.
"Christ's sake... what's happened?" Jake sighed.
"I'm sorry... I don't know how it happened... but you're booked into a room with one other..."
"Jesus Christ, this new system is shit," the second receptionist muttered under his breath. He didn't seem too bothered that Jake heard: it must have been a long day for them both these past few hours.
The first receptionist had the good grace to look embarrassed. "I'm sorry," she said again. "We can offer you a room in our sister hotel on the other side of-"
Jake silenced her with an aggressive motion of his hand. "Can't you book us a different room in this hotel?"
The male receptionist looked at Jake. "I'm sorry, sir... I just booked the last room we have."
For a moment Dani thought Jake was actually about to commit murder. A part of her wanted him to leap over the counter and start assaulting the other man just so Jake would get arrested. Then he sighed. "Fine. Can you tell us who we're sharing the room with?"
For a moment the two receptionists looked at each other, probably trying to figure out if any kind of data protection applied here, then the female receptionists shrugged and said "It's been booked under the name Gareth Bates."
Dani laughed. She actually laughed out loud. A hysterical laughter that silenced all the noise that had surrounded them from the people behind now faced with the prospect of trying to find another hotel in the area to stay the night. She laughed, and she laughed, and she laughed. Only in a vague sort of way was she aware of Jake looking at her with a sly grin.
Of course.
Of course it would be Gareth.
Of all the fucking people in this fucking city that could, through such stupid, convoluted events be sharing a hotel room with Dani and her asshole, cunt of a boyfriend, it would be the man she had shared a passionate kiss with earlier today because she realised she couldn't bare to face just one day without him.
"Fuck my life..." Dani sobbed.
She looked up at Jake, and the grin on his face only made her feel even worse.
*****
Gareth was already in the room when Jake strode in. "Who are-" Gareth began, before he saw Dani trailing behind her boyfriend. "Dani? Oh..." Straightening, having been caught sorting out his laptop on the desk (hoping to start some work before giving up and having another wank as he thought about Dani), Gareth didn't want to give this asshole the satisfaction of being in any way intimidated: although Jake was a good six inches taller than him, and more solid too.
Like, holy shit this guy worked out. Gareth needed to hit the gym more often...
"How did you get in?" Gareth said.
"Keys, mate," Jake said, dangling his in front of him. "Sexy fucknuts at reception managed to cock up her only job and double-book this room."
"How's that even possible?"
"Who knows with the retarded system this place uses," Jake said, dumping his bag on the bed. "Stayed here a few times myself in the past. Always thought they spent more on the decor than on their software." He looked at Gareth and extended a hand. "Nice to finally meet you. Danielle has told me a lot about you."
Rising to his feet - and still annoyed by the height difference between himself and this man - Gareth nonetheless shook Jake's hand as they both maintained the illusion of politeness. At least until they started slinging shit at each other over a girl, Gareth mused. "Strange you call her that when she tells me she hates that name."
"Did she tell you that?" Jake said, grinning. "What else has Dan...ielle told you?"
"That you're an asshole."
"Gareth, please..." Dani said, moving to stand between them. "Look... this is an uncomfortable situation for all of us. Let's just all be adults here-"
"That's a good idea, babe," Jake said. "We're adults: let's talk about adult shit. Do you want to fuck my girlfriend, Gareth?"
Ah, so he was that kind of asshole, Gareth thought as he suppressed his immediate desire to tell this piece of shit to go fuck himself. "She's a work colleague, Jake - it is Jake, isn't it?"
"She talks about me to you, how sweet." Jake folded his arms as he jerked his head to Dani. "I wonder what she says about me."
"I tell him you're an asshole," Dani said.
"I love you too, babe." Jake hadn't looked away from Gareth: he seemed to be ignoring her. His attention entirely focused on Gareth. "What else do you two secretly talk about when you both should be working?"
"Battle pigeons."
That confused him; Gareth enjoyed a moment of seeing Jake caught off-guard. Dani even had a smirk on her face, where before she had been looking like death warmed up. "What the fuck-"
"We talk about art shit, you dumb fuck," Gareth said. "Because we're both artists. We work at a company that does art. We talk art. All fucking day. Because all we are to each other are people who work together. That's all you dense motherfucker."
Jake nodded. "OK. Fair enough. I'm convinced." He finally looked at Dani. His expression was strangely... boyfriendly... if Gareth had to admit. The guy seemed a complete sociopath. "Sorry I ever doubted you, babe."
Dani didn't seem to be buying it: her expression was still guarded as Jake turned to her, arms extended; he drew her into a kiss. Softly at first. Then a little harder. A little tongue.
And his eyes opened and he was looking directly at Gareth.
Who kept his expression completely neutral. He didn't look away: just looked back at Jake; his own eyes empty. Gareth doubted there was anything he could say that would convince this fuck that he (Gareth) had no interest in Dani beyond a fellow artist, because Gareth knew that was so much bullshit.
He wanted Dani. He wanted to be there kissing her (again). He wanted to be feeling her lips on his. Feeling her tongue press against his. Slide deep into his mouth, as he slid his own into hers. He wanted to be feeling her ass right now. Squeezing it like Jake was. Sliding his fingers down to where her jeans followed the shape of her ass where it flowed to her crotch. Gareth wanted to be the one to be rubbing his fingers between her legs.
Dani held Jake's arm. "Jake please... not with Gareth in the room..."
"Why babe? He's just a friend."
She glared at him. "You know that doesn't matter: anyone would be uncomfortable with you rubbing my vag right in front of them. Don't be a dense fuck."
"But he's not anyone, is he?"
Dani rolled her eyes.
"Do you mind if I kiss my girlfriend, Gareth?" Jake asked, still looking straight at Dani.
"Go ahead," Gareth said. "She's your girlfriend. If she wants to kiss you, then kiss her."
"Good man: got to have consent," Jake said. He lifted her chin to look up at him. "Can I kiss you, babe?"
She rolled her eyes again. "Sure... babe."
He kissed her. Gently again. So soft and delicately that for a brief moment Gareth thought that he actually, genuinely cared about her. "Can I hold your ass... Dani?"
She frowned. "OK... I guess."
His hands squeezed her ass as he held her close to him. Their lips met. Tongues danced. For an age they stood like that; kissing passionately. Dani moaned. Gareth felt his hands clench.
"Can I feel you... Dani?"
Dani frowned. "You are..."
He slid his hands between her jeans so fast she gasped. She felt his fingers slide deep into her - fuck, she had become so wet with the way he was kissing her! Once again Dani felt betrayed by her own body. She hated how he was so good at manipulating her own body against her. When her mind was full of fury towards him and how he was treating her and Gareth, her body wanted nothing more than to feel his huge, hard cock inside her once more. "Can I FEEL you?"
"Oh fuck..." Dani moaned. "Fuck..."
"Can I, Dani?" Jake said. He stepped forward, and she felt the chest of drawers behind her. "I would like to feel you... can I?"
"Jake you're a sick fuck," Gareth said.
"Don't..." Dani moaned. Jake's fingers and thumb were pressing against her clit. Not moving, but maintaining pressure, and she was so sensitive right now... this whole situation... God, she didn't want to be turned on by all of this, but she also did! "Please..."
"Please what, Dani?"
"Please don't look at me... Gareth... I don't want you to watch this..."
"And what is this, Dani?"
"He's going to fuck me..."
Jake kissed her. His fingers began their work. That technique of his that she once enjoyed so much - had loved how easily it made her wet and cum - now used against her. He knew her body so much better than she did, and Jake was working fast to prove this as Gareth watched.
Gareth stood his ground. Expression blank, but his blood boiled as he watched Jake hold Dani against the drawers and finger-fucked her while they kissed passionately. Stepping back he felt the wall against his back as he watched Jake lead Dani into reciprocating: her hands moving to his jeans, unzipping them; Gareth couldn't help but stare as Jake's colossal cock sprung out into Dani's seemingly eager hands.
And she was eager. Horniness was taking over. The lust for Jake and his body always clouded her thoughts, and even though she knew Gareth was in the same room watching this unfold she couldn't stop herself from pulling Jake's dick out and begin furiously jacked him off.
Gareth felt somewhat outdone by Jake's size: the guy was easily ten inches! Perhaps only just a little thicker, but definitely longer! Jake would reach places inside Dani that Gareth could never feel with his smaller dick. No wonder she was going crazy: he must make her cum like Gareth would never be able to.
How the hell could a guy like him compare to this tall, built, hung stallion of a man?
Then her eyes met his. Pale grey and full of concern...
"Please don't watch me..." she whispered. "Don't watch me like this."
Jake also regarded Gareth, his smile a cruel one. "Keeping watching, Gareth. Let me show you how you'll never fuck a girl like Dani." Jake's hands continued their furious assault within Dani's jeans, and she moaned as she desperately tried to get him off. But his orgasm control was much better than hers, and Dani knew she would cum much sooner than him.
"Don't look at me, Gareth..." she moaned. "Please don't watch me cum..."
"Watch her closely, Gareth," Jake said. "Watch her cum. Watch her cum like you will never be able to make her. I bet you've got a tiny little cock in those jeans of yours! I bet it's much smaller than mine."
"I'm not whipping it out for you to look at, you sick fuck," Gareth said.
"I bet you won't, because my cock's bigger," Jake said. His eyes flashing with triumph. "Don't want Dani to see your little pecker when she's got her hands around my big cock!"
"Size doesn't mean anything, Jake."
"Hear that?" Jake asked Dani, smirking. "Hear that fucking nonsense? I think we need to show him how this world works, don't you?"
Dani looked at Gareth. Her eyes took on a disturbing hue of lust. "Don't watch this, Gareth," she said. "I don't want you to see me like this..."
"Better to keep that image in your head of a virginal princess, no?" Jake said.
Gareth rolled his eyes. He had no problems with Dani having a sex-filled past: he liked a girl who had a sexy history. Meant she knew how to fuck. He normally didn't even care if she'd cum harder with previous lovers, so long as she enjoyed having sex with him.
With this guy? Oh, Gareth was going to out-fuck this sick, twisted piece of shit. Let him make Dani cum all he could; the moment Gareth got his cock in her (and he knew he would), he would show Dani what *real* pleasure felt like.
Had he known that Dani was thinking the exact same thing right then, Gareth would probably have broken his stoic expression and smiled with her; Dani's face was a rictus grin as she pulled her jeans down, panties as well.
"Look away Gareth," she said, knowing full well he wouldn't. "Jake's going to make me cum."
With a feral snarl Jake picked her up and slammed her against the drawers; Dani gasped as his cock plunged deep into her. Deeper than she knew Gareth could ever go. Their eyes met as Jake began slamming his dick into her with powerful strokes.
Gareth couldn't believe the change he was seeing in her: the Dani who had walked in with Jake had been timid, afraid, and a little distraught. As Jake hammered away, grunting with the effort he was putting in, Dani's eyes were filled with an animalistic lust; a desire that Gareth had never seen in a woman before. He refused to believe it was Jake doing this to her.
"You watching this, Gareth?" Jake said, unable to take his eyes off Dani either. He loved seeing this expression in her: Dani was the only woman who looked like she did now when they fucked. There was a hunger in her eyes that frankly terrified him, but Jake refused to let this bitch see a single sliver of weakness in him. From the moment he had seduced her that night when they met outside rehab, after he had picked her out from all the other drug-addled sickos that he liked to select as his girlfriends, Jake knew that Dani would be something special.
And oh... she was. So much. Jake would say he was in love, if he actually believed in that shit.
"Yeah I'm watching, you cunthole."
"This is how you fuck a girl," Jake said. Grunting with the effort. He was slamming his cock up into Dani with a power and vigour that impressed even him: he really wanted to show this piece of shit that his girlfriend kept obsessing over who was the better fuck in her life! He had no idea if Dani and Gareth had had sex yet (he didn't think so), but he was certainly not going to let her have a chance tonight! "Take notes."
"All I'm noting is how fucking sick you are, mate."
"Hmm... he's got you there... babe..." Dani moaned, although even through her horniness her contempt for the man currently fucking her could be heard by both men. "Look at you thinking you're making a point... in making me cum... lots of men have made me cum... lots of shit men... what makes you think you're anything special?"
In answer Jake reached down and grabbed both of her legs; with a sudden, powerful motion he lifted them up and pushed them back until her toes touched the wall behind the drawer. "I'm going to make you cum like none of those shitstains could ever!" He growled, and began to slam his cock into her with such force the drawers began to rattle dangerously.
Gareth watched, quietly impressed with the speed and power of this man as he jackhammered his huge dick into Dani. The rest of Gareth seethed with how Jake was verbally treating her; his vitriolic sex-talk didn't stop as he pounded his meaty cock deep into Dani's cunt.
"Look at me, Dani. Look at me! Who's giving you this pleasure? Who's making you cum like no other man could?" Jake snarled as he pounded Dani into the drawers. His hands clutched her long, pale legs as he held them high, giving him unfettered access to her pussy; which he was well and truly taking advantage of as he plunged himself deep into her. "Do you think that short fuck over there can make you cum like I can?"
"I wouldn't know!" Dani growled back. Her eyes wide with contempt even as the pleasure of his huge cock hammering her was brewing up a mother of all orgasms. Fuck! She hated how he could make her cum so good and hard! "I haven't fucked Gareth! Like I told you!"
"Yeah, but you want to, right?" Jake said. His face was a mixture of fury and pride. Fury at how hard he was pounding her, and pride that he was keeping up such a frantic pace. His cock was pumping deep into her with such speed it was almost a blur, and the drawers were now rattling so loud and heavy that Gareth wondered if the furniture was going to collapse under the force of these two and their sweaty hate-fuck. "I can see it in your fucking eyes! You're such a shit liar!"
"FUCK YOU!" Dani yelled. Her hands gripped his arms. Holding them in place as she felt her orgasm approach. Fuck this man! Fuck him and his great dick! Oh she hated him. Hated what he had done to her. Hated how he had lied to her. Hated that she loved having sex with him! Hated how good he made her feel when they fucked! "FUCK YOU, YOU PIECE OF SHIT! YOU CUNT!"
"ONLY CUNT HERE IS YOU!" Jake snarled back. Ramming his big cock into her.
Gareth collapsed back onto the sofa. He couldn't take his eyes off of Dani. The way her pretty features were twisted into such a hate-filled visage. Yet it was her eyes that disturbed him the most: filled with such intense hunger for this man and what he was doing to her. He had never seen such a need in a woman for something she so obviously despised. This was some toxic shit, and Gareth burned with a desire to pull her from it.
Dani burned with desires as well: two of them. Wrapped and twisted around each other until she couldn't tell them apart. One was her sickening need for Jake to keep fucking her. Giving her his dick like no other man had before him. The other desire was for the man who watched this act from the sofa. The man she had come to need; a stable rock in her turbulent life.
Two conflicting needs. Only one would win out tonight.
"CUNT!" She snarled at Jake, even as she felt him push her closer and closer to cuming with his big, piston-like cock. "PIECE OF SHIT! YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT! I HATE YOU!"
"YEAH, YOU HATE ME!" Jake yelled back. His skin dripped with sweat as he pumped his cock into her. "BECAUSE NO ONE ELSE FEELS THIS GOOD, DO THEY? I'M THE BEST FUCK YOU EVER HAD! ALL YOU'VE FUCKED IS SOY BOYS AND DRUG ADDICTS! I'M A REAL MAN! I MAKE YOU CUM LIKE NONE OF THOSE CUNTS EVER DID!"
"OH GOD! FUCK YOU! FUCK!" Dani's head snapped back and hit the wall as her orgasm hit. A blinding explosion of pleasure that erupted from her cunt and flooded through her torso, her limbs and finally hitting her head like a shot to the system. It was intense. It was incredible. And it was all thanks to this fucking piece of shit. Fuck this guy. Honestly.
Throughout her cum Jake was relentless as he pistoned his dick. Keeping her pleasure riding high with huge, powerful thrusts. The drawers shook violently with the power of his fucking; the sound filling the room almost as loudly as the wet slapping of flesh plunging into flesh, and the screaming obscenities between the two hate-filled lovers. "YEAH! YOU LIKE THAT? YOU LIKE THAT CUNT? LIKE ME FUCKING YOUR CUNT? DO YOU LIKE IT?"
"Don't need to fucking shout, she's right in front of you."
Jake's head snapped to Gareth at the sound of the other man's voice. "Keep watching, Gareth," he said, in a rather more normal tone of voice; his hips still slamming forward into Dani, as she moaned loudly; her head pressed against the wall and her hands gripping Jake's arms so tightly her pale flesh had almost turned pure white. "I'm gonna show you a sight you'll never get to see. Are you ready for it? Are you ready for a view?"
Dreading what this sicko had planned next, Gareth didn't even bother to reply.
Sliding his hands underneath her ass, Jake picked Dani up and swung her around, showing an unparalleled view of his big cock plunging up into her as he bounced her on his dick for Gareth to watch. "Take a look at that, Gareth! You see that? That's a real fucking cock!"
"Why are you showing me this?" Gareth said, trying to hold back his anger and his urge to leap to his feet and tear Dani away from this absolute madman. "You gay or something? Want me to suck your cock when you're finished?"
Jake snorted with derision as he furiously bounced Dani on his dick; she was moaning with the feeling of Jake's mammoth rod plunging up deep into her. Holding her eyes closed as she came down from her mind-shattering cum. She was vaguely aware of the change in position: the lack of a hard wall behind her and Jake's arms cupping her ass meant he was holding her. She knew it was to show off his cock entering her for Gareth, and she forced an eye open as she dropped her head back.
There he sat. His face was furious. She couldn't blame him: Dani hated herself as well.
"Don't watch me... please..." she moaned as she bounced on Jake's dick. "Please... I don't want you to see me like this..."
"Watch her, Gareth," Jake taunted as he continued to piston his dick into her. "Watch how she cums. Watch, because you aren't going to make her cum like this."
"Says you," Gareth muttered.
"You still don't get it, do you?" Jake shook his head, smirking. "You don't understand how this works, do you? BIG COCKS GET THE GIRL! It's how the world works! Women don't want small dicks like yours! No, Gareth: they want fat cocks! Big, meaty sticks to impale themselves on! Size is everything!"
"Fuck you..." Dani moaned as she bounced frantically.
"You understand, don't you Dani? You told me I was the biggest you ever had. How I fucked you better than any boyfriend, right? How I made you cum HARD!"
Shit. She had said that. Meant it too.
"Because I'm the biggest cock you've taken," Jake said, grinning. "I make you cum harder than any boyfriend had. It's why you can't get enough of me, even when you hate me with every fibre of your being. You're just a slave to your cunt. Like every bitch in this city."
"You fucking misogynistic asshole..." Dani moaned.
"Yeah... I might believe you if you weren't taking my cock like a slut," Jake said, grinning. "You think she's got a leg to stand on, Gareth? I don't: I think I'm fucking her legs out from under her. I don't think Dani's going to look very respectable when I'm finished with her, do you?"
"I will fuck you up so badly-" Gareth began.
"I like to see you try!" Jake snarled. "Fucking little soy boy! You fucking gen z shitstains! Can't even call yourself men 'cause it'll fucking offend someone! Go and cry in your safe space!"
"Gareth..." Dani said, her head hanging back. She had her arms around Jake as she bounced on his dick. "Don't... please... don't..."
"Listen to her, Gareth," Jake said as he thrust his hips. Keeping Dani's landings nice and hard, keeping her riding him as he stood right in front of the sofa. His massive meat piston in full view of Gareth as it plunged up deep into Dani. Over and over. Keeping her riding a post-orgasm bliss as the next orgasm brewed within her. "Occasionally Dani says something smart. But I think you should stay and watch, anyway. You might even learn something. Like how to please a woman."
"Please don't look at me..." Dani moaned. God! She was going to cum again! She was going to cum right in front of Gareth! He was going to watch her get fucked into cuming over and over by her asshole boyfriend's dick! What would he think of her? "Please... I hate this... I hate how good it feels... I don't want to cum..."
"Tough! I'm gonna make you cum anyway!"
"Oh fuck you... fuck you... asshole... cunt... piece of shit..."
"You keep calling me names, babe," Jake said as he fucked her standing. "I'm still going to fill you with cum all evening. Let's give Gareth a show, eh? Let him watch as I pump you full of cum! More than he can brew in his tiny balls."
Gareth smirked. Jake was too enraptured in Dani's contorted expressions to notice.
"Don't... don't watch him cum in me..." Dani said, her head hanging back and looking over at Gareth upside-down. "Please..."
Suddenly Gareth darted forward, and before Jake could say anything Gareth had planted a soft and tender kiss on Dani's upside-down lips. Looking up at Jake, Gareth smirked at Jake's face. "OK, you got me," he said. "I want to fuck your girl, Jake."
Jake grinned. "Someone's telling me the truth... how about you, Dani?"
Spurred by the briefest of kisses, Dani pulled herself up by her arms and stared her boyfriend in the eye as she bounced on his dick. "Fine! I want to fuck him!" She snapped, her eyes full and furious. "I want to fuck Gareth! I don't care how big his dick is! I want to feel him inside me!"
Jake snarled as he bounced her. Keeping her landings hard as his dick plunged up deep into a pussy that was practically dripping pre-cum all over the hotel carpet. "You cheating slut!" Jake said as he pistoned his big dick up into her. "You fucking little cunt! You lied to my face!"
"You fucking hypocrit!" Dani snarled back. "You have the fucking audacity to be pissed that I lied to you? After what you did?!?"
Throwing her onto the bed, causing Gareth to jump back in shock, Jake pinned her arms onto the sheets as his hips became almost a blur. The bed screamed in protest as Jake hammered his cock into Dani; in turn Dani wrapped her legs around Jake's waist.
"Yeah! Let's fuck in missionary!" Dani snarled. "You always loved this position, didn't you? I think you like being in control! Being on top! Looking down at a woman! You hate it when I'm on top, don't you?"
"Shut your fucking mouth!" Jake said as he slammed his cock into her. The bed shaking with the force of the fucking happening on top of it.
Gareth had stepped back and fallen onto the sofa again. He watched as Jake hammered Dani into the bed. The man was covered in sweat: his shirt clung to his muscular body, and the lower half of him glistened. Dani was also sweating profusely. She briefly released her hold around his neck, using her strong core muscles to keep herself from falling backwards as she lifted her shirt over her head. Gareth couldn't help but smile at the plain white support bra she was wearing - a choice of underwear made for practicality, considering her large tits, rather than sex appeal.
"Why? Are you intimidated by women you can't control?" Dani snarled back at him. "Are you that small a man you can't handle me?"
"I can handle you fine, you bitch!" Jake said. Hammering her into the bed. "Can you feel that? You're gonna cum soon! I can see it in your eyes, you smart-mouthed bitch!"
"Fuck you!" Dani said. But he was right: she was going to cum. He was making her cum. This piece of shit was making her cum, and Dani hated him for it. Hated and couldn't stop thrusting her own hips up to meet him. She knew Gareth was watching, and loathed herself for behaving like this in front of him, but she couldn't stop. She could feel the orgasm approach, could feel his cock plunging deeper into her than any man she had ever fucked could go.
Jake was a powerhouse of fucking, and right now he was going to make her cum like no other man could. Maybe not even the one sitting on the sofa beside her: Dani didn't want to even look at Gareth for fear of what she would see in his eyes. Instead she locked her gaze on the man right above her; his own face contorted into a look of savage pride as his cock pounded her closer and closer to an incredible cum.
"You're going to cum for me, Dani!" Jake snarled. "You're going to cum for me like Gareth will never make you! Who makes you feel like this? Do you think that little sack of shit over there is going to give you this kind of pleasure? Is he going to make you feel good the way I do?"
"Fuck you!" Dani snarled. Her face warped by her hatred for this man, even as her body moved to take him deeper and harder than anyone else before him. "Fuck you! Fuck you!"
"Yeah, you're fucking me all right!" Jake said, grinning. "We're definitely FUCKING!"
Sinking into the sofa, Gareth couldn't leave: it would feel like abandoning Dani. So he watched her get fucked by this asshole.
It was about to get worse: Dani's eyes widened. "OH FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!"
Gareth watched Dani cum hard from Jake's pistoning dick. Watched as the woman he desired had an orgasm around another man's cock. Her mouth hung open, her head slamming into the bed with the force of Jake's fucking; her eyes wide and staring up at the ceiling.
Those eyes turned to him. "I'm sorry..." she moaned.
"Why are you apologising to him?" Jake grunted as he kept thrusting. "Gareth needs to learn how this game is played! He's got to learn that nice guys don't get the girl! It's cunts like me and my big fucking cock!" The bedframe collided with the wall with the force of Jake's thrusting. "This is how these things work, Dani! You know it! I know it! Gareth here needs to learn it too!"
"Oh fuck you!" Dani moaned, though her hands clenched his and her legs drew tighter around Jake's waist. She hated how good he was making her feel. Hated that Jake knew he was making her feel so good, and hated, HATED that Gareth was watching how much of a pitiful slut she had become. "Fuck..."
"You've had your fun," Jake grunted, "now it's time I had mine!"
Gareth felt a rock drop inside his stomach: he had been dreading this moment, but these two had been fucking for ages. It had to happen eventually: Jake was going to cum inside Dani.
"Fuck! FUCK!" Dani was moaning, knowing what was about to happen and hated that Gareth was going to be witness to how much of a cumslut she was for Jake's vile spunk. "Don't watch!"
"Keep your eyes on this, Gareth!" Jake said, his hips almost a blur as they pounded Dani into the bed. "This is how you pump a girl full of cum! Are you ready for my cum, Dani? Ready to be filled with some decent spunk? Nothing like what this pathetic little shit can brew in his tiny weak balls!"
"Don't watch this, Gareth..." Dani moaned. "Please don't..."
She felt the head of Jake's cock expand, and her legs pulled him into her as she received his hot cum; her body humping up into him as the first of his ejaculations erupted against her cervix with such force it triggered another orgasm, even though she had only just cum!
"OH GOD! FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU!" Dani screamed, although whether she was saying 'fuck you' to Jake or God, Gareth wasn't too sure. Maybe a bit of both.
Jake gasped as he felt his cock blow huge loads into Dani: this whole situation was a massive turn-on for him, and his heavy, powerful balls had brewed up a real motherload for this horny slut. He glanced over towards the sofa and grinned as he saw Gareth's expression: no doubt the young man was watching globs of gunk squirt out from Jake and Dani's connected organs; very much intimidated by how much Jake was unloading into Dani.
Dani moaned with pleasure as Jake continued to empty his balls into her. Feeling cum slosh in her; splashing against the sides of her pussy and filling her with Jake's incredibly potent cum. So potent she was sure he would get her knocked up, despite being on the pill.
Gareth watched the woman he had come to desire, to admire, be filled by this asshole's cum as he held her to the bed. He watched Jake's huge cock throb with each huge, heavy load that Jake was pumping into Dani...
...and he smiled.
Jake saw Gareth smile, and was confused: what the hell did the guy think he had over him? Gareth's cock had to be smaller than his, right? There was no way this kid had a foot long in his pants, was there? For a brief moment Jake felt intimidated, and he didn't like it.
"I'm going to wipe that smile off your face!" He snarled; not slowing down his thrusts despite having just cum. "Keep watching, Gareth! The night is young and Dani needs more cum pumped into her!"
Gareth was expecting Jake to stay hard: no way a guy built like him was going to go soft after a single cum, and he watched dispassionately as Jake proceeded to fuck Dani on the bed for hours; moving from position to position: he rolled over and Dani rode him on top, screaming with how good it felt to ride Jake's huge cock, just as she moaned for Gareth to turn away and not watch; Jake placed Dani on her side, facing Gareth, and lifted her leg so that the younger man could see Jake's massive dick plunged deep into Dani's pussy, squirting thick cum all over the bed.
Then the sex moved elsewhere: Jake carried Dani over to the nearest wall and fucked her into the wallpaper, cuming deep into her and squirting his gunk all over the place. Jake carried her to the wardrobe and slammed her hard against it, making her cum again and again, as she moaned for Gareth to avert his eyes, to not watch her behave like this, until Jake hollered and filled her with more cum.
Gareth watched as the bastard took Dani from one corner of the hotel room to the other, as the two fucked against the walls, furniture, on the floor, and again with Jake holding Dani right in front of him, so Gareth could watch Jake's bigger dick plunging up into her. Thick cum squirting all over the carpet until Dani came hard, and so did Jake. Filling her with more of his cum, right in front of Gareth.
Finally after several agonising hours Jake pumped one more load into Dani as he held her to the drawers, and backed away. His huge cock still hard and dripping with cum and vaginal fluids from their long, hard sex. Jake looked at Gareth. "Get the message now?" He said, smugly.
"You've made your point," Gareth replied.
"Good, because I'm fucking hungry," Jake said. Marching over to the phone by the bedside, he picked it up. "Hello? Room service? Not too late to order food? No? Good." He held his hand over the phone and looked at Dani. "Hey babe, what do you fancy?" He said, perfectly politely, as if he hadn't just fucked her multiple times for hours right in front of another man.
"Chicken," Dani said. Glaring at him. She didn't want to look at Gareth. Having lost her clothes while fucking Jake she was currently naked and dripping with sweat and cum. Her body glowed with post-orgasmic bliss, but she felt disgusted with herself. Dani was so confused.
"Gareth?" Jake asked him, like he hadn't just spent hours trying to cuck the guy into the sofa.
"Anything vegan," Gareth replied.
"Of course you would be a fucking vegan," Jake muttered, but relayed the order anyway.
Waiting for the food to arrive was the most surreal moment of Dani and Gareth's lives, as Jake sat on the end of the bed, also stark naked, and chatted cordially to both of them about what he thought of the strike.
"In short, if they wanted my support they shouldn't have stranded us in the city," he said. "Hey Gareth; you alright there?"
Gareth raised his eyebrows.
"Don't want to get naked as well?"
"You just want to see my cock."
"Well..."
Dani finally looked at Gareth and grinned a twisted grin. "He's frightened your dick's bigger."
Gareth sighed, then pulled his shirt off. He took enjoyment from seeing the brief moment of concern pass Jake's face as Gareth pulled off his jeans and boxers before a smug smile returned to the bigger man's face, as Jake saw Gareth's 8" cock - fully erect despite Gareth's disgust at the whole situation (seeing two hot people fuck, no matter the circumstances, was still a dick hardening sight).
"There," Gareth said, gesturing to his dick. "It's smaller. You happy?"
"There it is," Jake said, smugly. He looked at Dani. "You want to trade this-" he gestured at his own huge dick "-for that?"
Dani looked at Jake like he was a fool. "Dick size isn't everything, you cunt."
"You women keep saying that, but then you hop on the bigger cock when it comes along," Jake said. "It's basic biology, Dani. It's how stories like this go."
(Ordinarily Jake would be right. However this isn't one of those stories. He might have acted a little differently if he'd known.)
(Or maybe not. Jake did suffer from that most crippling of issues: being a cunt.)
A knock on the door heralded the arrival of their food; brought into a room on a trolley cart by an attractive young woman who didn't so much as bat an eyelid in surprise at seeing everyone in the room naked. Dani reckoned this was probably business as usual for the young woman, and felt a moment of sympathy for her.
"Well I don't know about you two but I'm fucking starving," Jake said when the hotel staff had left. Picking up his plate - a thick burger and chunky chips - he sat on the edge of the bed to eat. Glancing at the other two, he gestured to the trolley. "Come on - eat. I'll pay the bill."
Well... Gareth wanted to kill the man but if Jake was providing food, and he *was* also fucking starving: it had been a very long day. He caught Dani's eye as he went to the trolley for the vegan dish, and was taken aback by the disgust that was evident in them.
"Hey..." he began, but she shook her head.
And so the strangeness of the night continued: the three of them eating in silence. Not even Jake bothered to fill the air with conversation. Eventually he finished first. "Going to take a piss," he said. "Oh..." pausing on the way to the bathroom, he rummaged in his bag and tossed a plastic bottle of pills to Dani. "I'm guessing you'd want some of these for later. If you want a good night's sleep."
She caught the bottle and looked at him, shocked.
"What? You think I never noticed?" Jake scoffed. "You should have hidden them better, love."
With her eyes fixed on his, Dani unscrewed the bottle and poured out two pills, popping them into her mouth without ever looking away from him. Jake chuckled and disappeared into the bathroom.
Dani caught Gareth's eye, and as he watched spat the two pills out into her hand. Giving him a wink she walked over to the trolley, where Jake had left the juice he'd ordered. Breaking the two capsules she poured the drug into the juice.
Gareth smiled. This night was far from over.
When Jake returned he gave them both a smirk before downing the drink. "Well I'd love to keep fucking my girl all night," he said to Gareth, "but I got a meeting tomorrow and I need to get some sleep. I'm a light sleeper though, so don't try anything."
"Wouldn't dream of it," Gareth said, as he too walked into the bathroom.
Jake turned to Dani. "What the fuck does that soy boy have over me?"
"I'm not going to waste my breath explaining it to you," Dani said, settling onto the bed and curling up with her back to the other side. She heard Jake sigh and the bed bounce as he laid down on the other side. She heard Gareth return from the bathroom.
Jake turned off the light.
And Dani waited.
*****
Gareth woke. He realised he hadn't been asleep for long. Maybe a half hour. It must be nearly midnight. He had settled onto the sofa. Looking across the room he saw Dani was sitting up on the bed. Leaning over the large shape that was Jake. She was watching him.
In the light streaming through the windows from the street lights outside, Gareth saw her look at him and raise a finger to her lips. Her eyes returned to Jake.
"Hey Jake," she said. Softly. "I thought you might want to know: I'm going to fuck Gareth."
Gareth held his breath.
Jake didn't move.
"I'm going to fuck him, Jake," Dani said, a little louder this time. "We're going to have sex."
Jake still didn't move.
"Do you hear? We're going to FUCK. I'm going to have sex with Gareth ALL NIGHT!"
By now her eyes had found him. They looked at each other across the sleeping form of her cunt of a boyfriend. Gareth saw the lust in her eyes and knew she likewise saw what was in his. He felt his cock rise beneath the spare blanket he had found in the wardrobe and draped across himself before falling asleep.
"Gareth's going to fuck me and cum in me all night," Dani continued, although now it was very apparent to Gareth she was no longer talking to her boyfriend. Jake was clearly out for the count with whatever sleeping pills Dani had drugged him with. She was talking to Gareth now. "We're going to have so much sex. You think size matters? It doesn't. It's who you fuck, Jake. That's all that matters."
He tossed the blanket aside and walked over to the bed, resting one knee on it, just beside Jake where he slept oblivious to the hot (totally justified) cheating sex that was about to happen. For months Gareth and Dani had danced around their obvious attraction to each other, and now, on this very surreal night, they were finally going to fuck.
Gareth didn't think he could get any harder.
Then Dani rose to her knees to greet him: one hand found the back of his head, pulling his lips close to hers, while her other grabbed his dick and began to explore it. Her fingers felt the tip of his cock, pushing his foreskin back as she rubbed his bulbous head with her thumb. Her lips found his in the light of the city beyond the window. Gently at first; two lovers exploring for the first time. A soft touch of their flesh; a slight probe of their tongues, meeting half-way between a pair of half-open lips; then Dani pulled him closer as Gareth mirrored her; slipping his fingers into her vagina, reciprocating her stimulation of his own genitals.
"Oh God..." Dani moaned at the feeling of Gareth's lips on hers. "Finally..."
"Finally..." Gareth agreed, his tongue slashing against hers as their mouths touched, wide open in the half-darkness. "Oh... fuck... God, I've wanted to do this for so long..."
"So fucking long..." Dani said. "I've wanted you for so long, Gareth..."
"We should have fucked ages ago..."
Breaking off from him, Dani regarded Gareth; her eyes twinkling with mischief; her hand still furiously stroking his cock; his hand thumbing her clit. "Amanda's going to be happy when she hears about this," she said. "Normally I'd give a guy head first... to see what kind of cock he has, but with sleeping beauty here I don't want to waste a moment longer..."
Gently she pulled him by the cock over to her side of the bed; Gareth taking care not to disturb Jake where he lay. As Dani settled on the bed sheets, Gareth came to hold himself above her by his limbs; lifting one hand to stroke Dani's thick black hair away from her sweaty face.
"I'm sorry I'm all filled with Jake," Dani said.
"Don't apologise," Gareth said. Kissing her, he smiled at the change in her face: this wasn't the Dani he had watched fuck and be fucked by her boyfriend; a Dani fuelled by rage as well as lust; this was Dani giving herself over completely to desire. She wanted him. "By the time I'm finished with you tonight, Dani, you'll only have *my* cum inside you."
Her eyes flashed with want at the thought of that. "Hmm... you're going to have to fuck me real good, Gareth... Jake's no slouch and his balls are fucking cum factories!"
Gareth winked at her. "Just wait and see," he said. "It's a good job you're skipping the blowjob this time! Gives me a chance to catch you off guard!"
"Surprise me, Gareth!" Dani said, wrapping her arms around his neck as Gareth pushed his big (not Jake big but still fucking impressive nonetheless) cock into her. He felt the copious amount of cum Jake had filled her with slosh around his dick as he pushed it inch by inch into her pussy; Gareth tried not to let his discomfort show, nor his disappointment that his first time with Dani was a veritable 'sloppy second'; he was determined to fuck her better than Jake, and he knew she was eager to help him.
Dani stared into his eyes as Gareth slowly pushed himself into her; savouring this moment for all it was worth. For so fucking long they had flirted and teased each other, all the while telling everyone who watched and listened there was nothing going on, that they were just friends, just 'work colleagues'; even convincing themselves to an extent; but it was all avoiding the truth: they had a connection. A deep connection. It wasn't just their way of inspiring the best in each other in their work; the way Gareth just being near her somehow made Dani's imagination fire on all cylinders, and made her produce her best work; it was deeper. Much deeper.
Dani wanted to see how deep this well of desire went. She thought she had felt this way with Jake, but he had proven himself to be a manipulative bastard. While a small part of her worried that Gareth might be too, the rest of her was certain this was not the case.
Gareth was honest: everything she saw in him was who he was. He didn't hide behind a mask. He was open with her, and Dani wanted more of him. She wanted him body and soul.
He was definitely giving her his body: inch by inch his cock pushed deep into her. Dani gasped as she felt his thick meat slide against the walls of her pussy. She felt every vein, every curvature of his cock; felt how fucking warm he was - so much warmer than Jake! Gareth radiated heat like a furnace, and squeezed her pussy by reflex as he continued to push himself in - five inches! Six! - Dani felt how hard Gareth was as well. Much, much harder than Jake!
He may not have Jake's length and girth, but Gareth was already proving himself to have quite the formidable cock; and they hadn't started fucking yet! That knowing smile on his lips told her that he knew what he was doing, and Dani had no doubt he would be making her cum soon - she was eager to help him with how fucking turned on she was right now!
Finally! Finally they were having sex!
This night had been a maelstrom of carnal chaos, but now it would take a new turn, and Dani and Gareth would stain the sheets, the furniture, the walls and the floor with their lovemaking. They would give Coytoss a fuck for the ages.
Seven inches!
Dani felt Gareth's cock deep inside her; and it was the physical presence of this man, and the fact it *was* this man, that stirred the beast inside her, and Dani wrapped her legs around his waist and squeezed; pushing Gareth the last inch into her, until his cock head pressed against her cervix. The warmth of his flesh against that sensitive area, with the fact it was Gareth Bates who was finally inside her, triggered a burst of pleasure inside Dani that rapidly grew and grew until her mouth was open and she was moaning with delight.
"Did you just cum?" Gareth asked, bemused. He had never made a girl cum just by entering her before!
Dani nodded. It could have been because Jake had fucked her for so long and made her cum so many times already that she was super sensitive down there, but it also could be because it was Gareth inside her. Feeling his hard chest pressed down against her tits, squashing those fake orbs between their bodies, Dani cupped his face and pulled it down to kiss him.
For several minutes they lay there, kissing tenderly; his cock sheathed all the way inside her. A thick river of cum from Jake's marathon oozing out all over the bedsheets, displaced by Gareth's cock.
Breaking the kiss, Dani looked up at Gareth with dark grey eyes full of lust. "Fuck me, Gareth," she whispered. "Fuck me like Jake can't."
Well? What could a man say to that? Gareth's eyes took on a determined look as he began to move his hips. The feeling of his cock sliding against the inside of her pussy was everything that he dreamt it would be; although he didn't dream she'd be packed full of Jake's cum as well, but Gareth was more than happy to put up with that if it meant finally getting his cock inside of Dani Cohen! Besides; give it time and Gareth would more than displace Jake's loads with his own.
Gareth didn't start hard: he wanted to really savour the feeling of Dani's vagina. With Jake all unconscious and everything beside them (although who knew how long that would last?), he did not want to rush this moment. He had been patient. Why rush to the finish line, even if Gareth knew he wouldn't go soft after just one cum.
Below him Dani felt his cock slide against the inside of her. Felt every vein of his cock against the sensitive walls of her pussy. Felt the way her vagina was gripping his shaft so fucking tightly. It didn't matter how thick a guy was: her pussy clamped down around it like a vice, and she was currently gripping Gareth's cock like her life depended on it.
Gareth more than felt it: he'd fucked some tight women before in his life, but few had been as tight as Dani. Her pussy was squeezing his dick so hard it felt like elastic bands wrapped around his dick.
So he took it nice and slowly; pulling his cock almost all the way out, before pushing it all the way back in until he felt her cervix kiss the tip of his cock. All the while they locked eyes; neither of them wanted to close their eyes even though it felt so good to finally be making love; and this was indeed making love. Oh sure neither of them were anywhere near actually saying the 'l' word out loud yet, but in this moment Dani and Gareth were bound by an intense connection that both of them felt and understood, but neither of them were going to give a name to just yet.
Their faces were so close; their noses almost touching. Gareth opened his mouth, just a little, to protrude his tongue, and Dani did likewise. Their tongues touched. Pressed against each other in that space between their open mouths. Then retracted, as if they were afraid.
Touching again. A brief moan escaped Dani's lips as she reacted to the increase in speed of his thrusts. Gareth had wanted to keep the lovemaking moving slowly, but her pussy was just so hot and tight he needed to feel her at a decent pace. An Eroshire pace.
Their tongues slashed as their hips began to meet. Harder. Faster. Their lust was now taking charge of this fuck. All that pent-up attraction to each other - kept under lock and key for these past few months - now finally unleashed. His cock began to pump deep and hard into Dani, at a more frantic pace. It was nice while it lasted, but Gareth had quickly tired of this slow shit: now he wanted to fuck Dani. He wanted to fuck her tight pussy with his eager cock. So many times he had laid on his bed and jerked off thinking about her, and now here she was underneath him like he always imagined.
Now here he was above her, like Dani had always imagined whenever she masturbated, during times when Jake wasn't around to please her with his dick. Bracing her feet on the bed, Dani met his thrusts with her own. Eager to keep his cock pumping hard and fast. The way she needed it. The way Jake knew she liked it. The way Gareth wanted it.
Their tongues slashed in the space between their open mouths. Moaning escaped from deep in their throats. Their hands were interlocked, pressing against the bed sheets as Gareth pumped it deep into her. The sensitive tip of his cock now slamming hard against her cervix. Each moment of contact sends shivers of excitement coursing through her.
"Oh, Gareth... Oh I need this... oh fuck... I need this... I need to feel you..." Dani moaned as his huge cock pumped deep into her. Spreading her pussy wide like a good cock should. "I need this so badly... fuck me, Gareth... fuck me good... I need release..."
"Release from that fuck?" Gareth said, nodding at the sleeping form of Jake beside them.
She nodded. "Oh yes... fuck yes... he's good... too good... I can't stop wanting him... I need you to make me want you... can you do that? Can you fuck me so good I forget about Jake?"
"Definitely," Gareth said. His cock plunging deep. The feel of her pussy gripping him was just as he imagined. So fucking moist and tight. So fucking good. He could fuck her all night like this if he wanted, but Gareth wanted to take this stunner around their small world here in this hotel room. There were so many places he wanted to hold her against and give her his dick. "I'll fuck you so good you'll never want Jake's cock again!"
"Oh yes! Oh God yes! Please! Drive that cunt from my mind! Make me want you so bad I won't ever stop fucking you!"
"Oh, I will: I definitely will!" Gareth said. His hips worked hard now to keep his cock pumping deep into her moist (and cum-filled) pussy. Thick globs of Jake's gunk squirted out onto the bed sheets; forced out by the power of Gareth's intense thrusting. His hands gripped those sheets as he held himself above her, flexing his hips to keep his cock pumping nice and hard for this dark haired stunner. "When I'm finished with you you'll never want that cunt's cock again!"
"Please!" Dani moaned. She moved her hands up and down Gareth's arms. Feeling his muscles as he held himself firm. Giving her his dick like a good lover should. "Make me forget Jake!"
That was a mission Gareth had every intention of fulfilling tonight. He had seen what a twisted hold Jake had over Dani earlier, and he wanted to break the spell that cunt had put over her. He wanted to show her that sex didn't need to be dark and twisted to be pleasurable, that sex could be intimate and incredible. Gareth didn't know if it was Dani's past, that she had often alluded to when they talked, that had given her the impression that the best things in life were harmful; he didn't know if her past had twisted her like this, but he was sure as fuck going to untwist her.
Starting with making her cum in missionary, and cum like Jake could never. The other man's cock might be bigger than Gareth, but Gareth had more than a few tricks up his sleeves from all the many women he had fucked in his university life.
He began twisting his hips as he thrusted forward, giving her his dick from new and exciting angles; Dani evidently loved it from the way her eyes widened with appreciation, and her hands gripped his arms as she braced her feet against the sheets and began to move her hips too. They met with loud, wet slapping sounds; his organ plunging deep into hers with force. More cum of Jake's creation oozed out and all over the sheets. Displaced by Gareth's powerful cock.
"Hmm... you're not too bad, Mr Bates," Dani purred as she got used to their rhythm. She loved it when she could fuck a guy as good as he was giving her, and her hips were bucking up to meet Gareth's with nice hard slaps that kept his cock hitting her cervix. Each impact of the soft tip of his cock against the entrance to her womb sends jolts of pleasure coursing through her. After so much rough sex with Jake, even this hard and lusty pace seemed intimate, and Dani loved it!
"You're not too bad yourself, Miss Cohen," Gareth said, smirking as he continued to piston his cock into her. Keeping the angle of his attack changing; corkscrewing his dick to put pressure on her pussy from different angles. Despite how tight she was Gareth was nowhere near cuming. He had incredible stamina, and he was looking forward to showing Dani how long he could fuck her for before he blew his load. Jake had managed something like a half hour before emptying those balls of his. Gareth knew he could last much longer than that.
The night was young. As young as these two lovers as they fucked in missionary on the hotel bed, while beside them a third individual lay sleeping in a drug-induced state. Oblivious to what was going on right next to him.
Or was he?
As Jake slept he dreamed, and in his dream he and Dani were making sweet, sweet love. This was not the rough sex they had in the waking world, for this was a different world, where his life had taken different turns and he wasn't the same man. Dani was different too: life had been kind to her, and she didn't have the same haunted look in her eyes as she normally did.
It was a pleasant dream, and Jake didn't want to wake from it. He didn't want to become the man he was in the waking world.
So he slept on, the sounds of Dani moaning beside him filtering through into his dream, where she moaned as Jake made love to her, in ways that he was incapable of doing in real life.
Gareth, however, was not damaged by whatever had happened to Jake, and he was having sex with Dani like a man should: giving her his body and soul; making her pleasure the single most important thing; and Dani was loving every moment of it.
Her hands gripped his arms as she met his descending thrusts with her own, upward thrusts. Their bodies colliding hard on the bed, which was shaking beneath the force of their fucking. His cock plunging deep into her over and over. Reminding her with each thrust that he wasn't Jake; his cock wasn't as big, or as thick, but it was possibly harder, and it was moving in ways that her boyfriend could even think of doing when he fucked her. Gareth was using every inch of his cock to his advantage, entering her in different ways each thrust; keeping her guessing as to how they would next meet.
The ambiguity was exhilarating! Dani didn't know what part of her pussy each of his thrusts would stimulate next. She was trying to counter with her hips - meeting his descending thrusts with her own powerful movement - but Gareth had an uncanny knack for anticipating where she would move and counter: moving his hips opposite, angling his attack to counter hers. Keeping her on her toes (figuratively speaking, of course; she was flat on her back).
"Oh my, you *are* good," Dani purred, as their hips slapped together. The sound was so loud she couldn't believe Jake was still sleeping through it! That was the power of NE-3NG for you: those sleeping pills could keep you under through a fucking earthquake.
Which was almost what the bed felt like right now: as the two horny lovers slammed into each other over and over, lustfully driven to make the other cum, the bed was shaking violently; loud bangings coming from the headboard each time it was sent into the wall with the force of Gareth and his lust-fuelled thrusting.
"I would ask... ah... if I'm better than that... cunt over there..." Gareth said, panting as he drove his cock into her with power enough to shake the bed, rattle the bedside table, and probably be heard next door! "But I don't fucking care! I'm fucking you, Dani! After all this time I've finally got my cock in you!"
"Fuck yes, you have!" Dani moaned as she fought back: slamming her own hips up to meet his. Keeping his cock plunging into her nice and hard. She could feel her orgasm brewing: she could feel the pleasure bubbling away deep within her; each hard impact of his cock inside her, hitting her cervix and spreading her vagina like few other men had (ignoring Jake, the bastard!)
This wouldn't be the kind of orgasm that Jake inspired in her: already Dani could feel so much difference in the pleasure building with each thrust. This wasn't pleasure born out of a man's big physical attributes (although Gareth was anything but small!) and an unhealthy dose of toxicity, but something created by two people who deeply enjoyed each other's company. Earlier that day Dani had been distraught over the possibility that Gareth had been hurt, or missing, when he'd not shown up for work on time!
Good God; she was genuinely falling for this guy, and the knowledge that it was Gareth who was inside her right now, pumping his big cock like her pleasure was all that was important to him, was giving her an experience so unlike what Jake had given her earlier that night: sex with him had been hate-filled and darkly lust-fuelled, but now, with Gareth, Dani was experiencing a wholly different kind of sex!
Her hands moved up his arms, so muscular and tense as he held himself above her, his hips a frantic blur as he pistoned his dick deep into her. Sweat was dripping down his skin (although hers wasn't much different!) Her hands followed the contours of his muscles as they flowed over his shoulders; followed his sweaty skin to his face. She cupped his jaw as she pulled him down to her; their lips touching, meshing as their hips frantically fucked. Their tongues wrapped around each other as they moaned into each other's mouths. So lost in how good their sex felt.
For a moment all that could be heard in the hotel room was the wet slapping of Gareth's cock pistoning deep inside Dani's wet and cum-filled pussy, and the sounds of their lips smacking and their tongues slathering saliva over the other.
Breaking off, thick tendrils of his saliva still connected to her open mouth, Gareth regarded the horny woman beneath him. The woman took his cock like a champ, as she bucked her hips up to meet his. Sweat was coating her large fake tits, running down between them; down her flat as fuck stomach to her naval. Beneath her pale skin was bulging in time with his deep thrusts: his cock plunging a whole eight inches into her slim body.
"Fuck... you're gorgeous..." Gareth said breathlessly as he continued to thrust away.
"I bet you've wanted to tell me these things for a while," Dani said. She was also breathing with deep and heavy intakes of air as she worked her hips frantically to meet him. "All those months we've been working together... I bet you always wanted to feel my tits..."
"You bet I have..." Gareth gasped.
"You don't mind that they're fake?"
He shook his head. His cock plunging deep into her. Hitting that sweet spot on her cervix with each powerful thrust, sending shivers of pleasure coursing up through the length of his dick, just as it rippled through Dani; building her orgasm deep inside her. "I don't care," Gareth said.
Dani smiled seductively. "You can touch them if you want," she said.
Gareth needed no further encouragement: his hands moved from the bedsheets to grip her tits tightly; squeezing her flesh between his fingers. Dani's hands clamped down on his, holding him fast to her breasts as she moaned with how good it felt to finally have Gareth Bates handling her tits!
"Oh fuck yes!" Dani moaned as she felt him squeeze her tits; his cock continuing to pound into her like he was obsessed with making her cum; "oh fuck yes! Oh shit! I've waited so long! Oh my God... Gareth! I've wanted to fuck you for so long! I can't believe we're finally fucking! Oh fuck... we should have done this so long ago... oh fuck..."
Squeezing her tits, feeling the implants beneath her skin, Gareth grinned with a savage, horny fury as his thrusting increased in speed and power. By now he was well and truly hammering on her cervix; the soft tip of his cock slamming against that plug to her womb as if he was trying to break it down
"Oh God yes... we *definitely* should have done this ages ago!" Gareth moaned as he pistoned his dick deep into her. Jesus! She felt so good and tight around his dick! Gareth didn't care all of the gunk that he was pushed out with his forceful fucking was Jake's cum. He didn't care that he had spent the last three hours, almost, watching that cunt (who was fast asleep on the bed right next to them) fuck this gorgeous woman all around the hotel room; Gareth didn't care that she obviously enjoyed it. Right now Dani was enjoying *his* cock; she was enjoying having sex with *him*, and not Jake. He was going to show her there was different way to fuck, and by the looks of it Dani was as eager as he was to stain every surface in this room with *their* fucking.
"All that time wasted flirting!" Dani said, laughing a little at the nature of it. They had spent so much time beating around the bush; denying their obvious attractions to each other, when they could have been fucking like horny students. She could have been spending all those hours after work riding Gareth's huge cock, instead of sitting there geeking out over art.
But then that had built up this relationship between them, hadn't it? Would sex between them feel this good if they didn't have those months of friendship before it? He would be just another guy, wouldn't he? A hot young guy with a great cock, instead of...
Instead of Gareth.
She kissed him again. Loving the feel of his lips on hers, as their lower bodies humped harder and harder; her orgasm was close now, and Dani was all too eager to cum all over Gareth's rock hard cock. God, he was so fucking hard! Like a hot slab of rock plunged deep into her. Each hard thrust pressing the scalding hot tip of his cock against her cervix, sending shivers of excitement coursing through her each time their flesh made contact; but it wasn't just his relentless fucking but the very feel of his cock sliding against the insides of her vagina. Every nerve alight as his hot shaft rubbed against her sensitive pussy. Each vein of his cock could be felt as it passed. All of it reminded her that Gareth was inside her without any protection. Fucking her like a man should.
"Oh fuck... Gareth... hmmm... you feel so fucking good... so Goddamn good... oh we should... I want to fuck you the moment we first met... I should have... should have taken you there on the desk... hmmm... should have fucked you in the office after work... oh God... so fucking hard... we could have been having so much sex, Gareth... hmmm... so much sex... oh fuck... I wish I had... I wish I had fucked you before tonight..."
"We're fucking now!" Gareth replied to her moans, his own breath punctuating what he said as he fucked her relentlessly. The feel of her pussy gripping his cock was incredible; Dani was quite possibly one of the tightest women he had ever fucked. Didn't she have a kid? Childbirth hadn't loosened her pussy one bit (or so Gareth believed about vaginas, showing some ignorance here.) "We're fucking good, Dani! We'll make up for lost time now... tonight... oh tonight we're going to have so much sex..."
"And tomorrow!" Dani said excitedly. "We can fuck tomorrow... all day... we'll make up for lost time... so much sex... oh fuck, Gareth... oh this is the beginning... we're going to fuck so much... I want to fuck you all night... and all day tomorrow... fuck you every way a woman can fuck a man; I want to take this cock of yours in my mouth... in my pussy... in my ass... I want to squeeze this big cock of yours between my tits and jack you off until you cum all over me... I want you to cum inside me, Gareth... I want you to fill me up with your seed... make my eyes white with all the hot cum you're gonna pump inside me!"
Shit! Gareth was straining hard not to cum so early, but what she was saying was hitting all the right buttons! So many nights thinking about having sex with Dani. So many times he had held his own cock and jacked himself off thinking about having sex with Dani Cohen. Now here they were - fucking! It was everything he ever thought about, and more!
Now here she was talking about fucking all night! And tomorrow as well! So many hours of sex with this stunning brunette! Gareth had had marathon sex before with girls on campus; hours of hot sex with the female students he had met in bars and at lectures. He was no stranger to long fuck sessions, but Dani was hot for more than just an all-nighter. It was clear she wanted to fuck him through tomorrow as well. How they would deal with Jake was a problem for tomorrow; all he cared about right now was this hot, horny woman beneath him, crying out for his dick and all of his cum.
Well... he was going to give her the former, but Gareth wanted Dani to be the one to cum first: many, many times, before he finally filled her with his seed! He wanted to blast the feeling of her asshole boyfriend's cock from her mind, after Jake had displayed his sexual prowess; rubbing it in Gareth's face that he got to fuck Dani, and Gareth would never.
That backfired, didn't it? Dani wanted Gareth, and she wanted him not only all night, but she wanted him all tomorrow as well. As Gareth continued to plunge his cock into her hard and fast, watching her gasp and moan beneath him as he angled his dick to keep the pleasures coming, he grinned in triumph.
Turning to Jake, who was still sleeping peacefully beside the horny pair, Gareth couldn't help but rub it in the cunt's face: "shame you're all drugged up, Jake," he said. "Would love for you to watch me fuck your girl better than you can. Think having a big dick is all you need to fuck a girl good? Think again, Jake! It's skill, you talentless fucker! I wish you were awake to watch me fuck Dani better than you can!"
"Hmm... taunting Jake... such a turn-on..." Dani purred as Gareth's massive dick continued to push her towards a fucking great cum; this one was threatening to blow her mind like Jake's big dick could only dream of. "But you're right... so very... hmm... so very right... want to know a big secret, Gareth? Want me to let you in on a little secret? It'll blow your mind..."
He grinned. "Tell me!"
"You're right... size doesn't matter... only you guys care about size... us women... we care about what you bring to a fuck... I'm talking about your energy, Gareth... what you put into sex... all the length on your cock means fuck-all if you've got zero energy... it's about big dick energy..."
Gareth was smiling like a madman. "And what have I got, Dani?"
"You've got some BIG dick energy..." she said, looking up at him with a sly grin as she stroked his arms and shoulders; loving the definition of his muscles as Gareth continued to slam his dick home over and over. Pounding on her cervix like a madman. Eager to make her cum, and cum so much harder than her boyfriend could ever hope to. "You've got... hmmm... so much... so much energy... I can feel it... I can feel how much you want me to cum... you want me to cum all over... all over your big cock... hmmm... you want me to cum..."
"Yeah, Dani! Cum for me! Show your asshole boyfriend how good I make you feel!"
"Oh you make me feel GOOD! So fucking GOOD!" Dani moaned as she felt Gareth plunge hot cock meat deep into her. Hard and fast. The bed shaking with the force of their fucking. Beside her Jake was snoring softly. Completely unaware that his girlfriend was having the shit fucked out of her by her work colleague. Completely unaware that Dani was right now feeling the start of an incredible cum; the pleasure bubbling away inside her, threatening to explode any moment now with how good it felt that she was fucking Gareth, not to mention how big and thick he was! Sure size didn't matter, but it helped, and Gareth's cock wasn't anything to sniff at!
"Fuck, Dani! I can't believe I've finally got my cock in you! You feel so fucking good!"
"Everything you... hmmm... everything you hoped for...?" Dani moaned.
"Hell yeah! God, you feel so good!" Gareth gasped as he hammered away. His cock plunging so deep and hard he was sure the bed was going to break beneath the force of this fuck. How Jake had not woken up yet was testament to the power of that shit Dani had slipped him. Gareth had no doubt even the people trying to sleep in the hotel rooms next to them could hear how loud the bed was slamming into the wall.
****
In this Gareth was somewhat correct; their hot sex could indeed be heard, but the occupants of the room next door were far too busy fucking themselves to care. For Jade Green had finally got her pussy around Frank Devon's decent sized (7") cock. After months of them both shyly saying high to each other at work, dancing around how they felt even when their co-workers constantly teased and asked when they were going to seal the deal. Finally they were having sex!
It almost hadn't happened: Frank had offered to walk with Jade to the station - both of them looking for an excuse to spend more time with each other - only to discover madness with all of the station staff walking out in last-minute protest; the talks having apparently disintegrated at the last minute in *spectacular* fashion.
With them now stranded in Coytoss, and neither of them wanting to squeeze onto the buses to Petty Moore (where Frank lived) or Clinterus (where Jade lived) they had decided to rent a hotel room for the night. After all, they both needed to be back in the office early tomorrow morning...
One thing led to another, and now Jade was riding a cock she had spent so long lusting for.
"Oh fuck! This feels so fucking good!" She moaned as she rode Frank into the hotel bed.
Frank clutched her tanned thighs as he regarded the Malaysian beauty. "I can't believe this is finally happening!"
"I know!" Jade said, clutching his hands excitedly as she rode him towards the best cum of her life. "Oh my God! This strike is the best thing that's happened to me!"
Frank couldn't help but agree, as he felt his balls cook up a healthy amount of cum for her.
*****
Meanwhile, back next door...
Gareth reached up to grab the headboard, mostly for purchase as he began pumping his cock into Dani with renewed vigour, seeing from her expression she was fast approaching a massive cum, but also to stop the noise. While those sleeping pills were legendarily potent amongst most of Coytoss' serial cheaters (Jake was far from the first partner to be slipped those pills so that the other halves could enjoy some adulterous romps), Gareth didn't want to test just *how* potent they were. With his hands gripping the headboard it had stopped slamming against the wall; the only sounds now in this hotel room was the squeaking of the bed frame (the mattress itself was one of those posh memory foam mattresses that made no sound) and the much louder sounds of Dani and Gareth's moans. Although their organs weren't quiet either as his cock plunged into a fluid-filled pussy over and over again, scooping out thick globs of another man's cum to spew all over the sheets.
"Oh shit... oh... oh shit... you're fucking me so good... so fucking good," Dani moaned, holding tightly to the headboard herself as she bucked her hips to meet him. Matching his thrusts with her own considerable strength. Together they were keeping Gareth's cock plunging fast and deep into her; spreading her pussy wide with his girth and keeping the friction of their organs sliding frantically. "So good... oh so fucking good... so long... I've waited so long... so fucking long... fuck me, Gareth... fuck me good and make me cum... make me cum like only your cock can... fuck me good and hard, Gareth... fuck me... oh fuck me... fuck..."
Her speech was becoming somewhat slurred as the frantic nature of her movements combined with the burning need to cum all over Gareth's invading cock. She could feel her orgasm grow in her pussy, reacting to this jackhammering dick as Gareth used his grip on the headboard behind her to ram his cock home over and over as deep and hard as he could. The feeling was different to how Jake made her cum. So different, and so wonderful. Dani couldn't wait for the orgasm to hit, and to experience Gareth's unique brand of pleasure that she had been dreaming about for so long.
"Fuck me Gareth... oh fuck me... fuck me and make me cum... oh fuck... Gareth, please... fuck me... make me cum like only you can... oh fuck... please Gareth... fuck me and make me cum..."
Gareth strained as he held viciously onto the headboard; his cock was fucking blur as he ramed it deep into Dani. Feeling her pussy suck it each time he withdrew like she couldn't bear to let it leave her body. The feeling was incredible, and it pushed him further towards his own orgasm. Gareth desperately wanted to make Dani cum first, and from the way her eyes were closed, her body so frantic as she bucked up to meet him, and the way her moans were becoming for unintelligible, it seemed she was on the verge of cuming; and cuming harder than Gareth had ever seen a girl cum.
"Oh fuck! Oh fuck me, Gareth! Fuck me! Fuck me and make me cum! Please! Fuck me! Gareth! FUCK ME! GOD! GARETH! I FUCKING LOVE YOUR COCK! OH FUCK! WHY DIDN'T WE DO THIS MONTHS AGO! I COULD HAVE FUCKED YOU SO MANY TIMES BY NOW! FUCK! GOD DAMN IT! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! OH FUCK!"
As Dani's moans became barely restrained guttural cries of pleasure, as her budding orgasm built towards an explosion of pleasure deep within her, Gareth too was slamming himself into a bucking pussy with the desperate need to make her cum before him.
"Oh my God, Dani! Oh you're so fucking good! So fucking tight! I love your pussy! So fucking tight on my cock! Fuck! So tight! Oh fuck... oh you feel good! So fucking good! Are you going to cum for me? Are you going to cum all around my dick, Dani?"
"YES! I'M GONNA CUM! I'M GONNA CUM ALL OVER YOUR COCK, GARETH! OH SHIT! I CAN'T BELIEVE WE'RE FINALLY FUCKING! FUCK! I'M GONNA CUM! FUCK ME!"
Oh he was: Gareth's hips were a blur as he slammed himself deep into her. Over and over. Her orgasm so close now that Dani was moving like a frantic animal: taking his cock as if her life was depending on it. Her hips bucking up to meet his, keeping his cock plunging deeper and deeper into a pussy that had already been fucked silly by another man earlier tonight, but Dani wanted more: she wanted not only more pleasure but pleasure given to her by the man she wanted; the man she had wanted for so long, but couldn't admit to herself, believing she would be betraying a loving boyfriend.
Well that boyfriend had proven himself to be a manipulative asshole, and while he knew how to push Dani's buttons in bed she was hungry for something more than just pure physical: Dani wanted emotional as well. She wanted to cum with someone who meant more to her than just a good lay; she wanted to cum with someone who meant a great deal to her. Someone like Gareth.
"OH GOD! GARETH! YOU'RE MAKING ME CUM! FUCK! OH MY FUCKING GOD! FUCK!"
Her hips slammed up into his. Keeping that bubbling pleasure building. It was about to erupt; Dani could feel it! It was on the edge of erupting into something truly incredible! This was not an orgasm that Jake would be able to give her, oh no! This would be something truly different, and Dani was so fucking eager to feel it. She kept pumping her hips up to meet Gareth, as he gripped the headboard and slammed his cock so deep and hard that Dani's teeth were rattling around in her mouth!
"FUCK! FUCK ME! FUCK ME, GARETH! OH, YOU'RE GONNA MAKE ME FUCKING CUM!"
"CUM FOR ME!" Gareth growled back. His whole body was covered in sweat from the effort of his sex. "I WANT YOU TO CUM! CUM FOR ME, DANI!"
So close! She was terrified of what she would feel, but Dani kept thrusting. Taking him harder and harder, faster and faster. Her fingers were practically white - they gripped the headboard so fucking hard! There was barely any of Jake's cum left in her now: Gareth had sloshed it all out as he fucked her with his own impressive cock. The sheets beneath them were absolutely soaked in fluids: sweat, pre-cum and cum.
"CUM FOR ME, DANI!"
Dani was almost there! Everything she wanted for the last few months between Gareth and her was about to come to fruition; or should that be 'cum' to fruition? This was the moment they'd both discover if they were as sexually compatible as they were emotionally compatible, and Dani was partially terrified if Gareth couldn't make her cum as good as Jake did.
"FUCK! GARETH! OH MY GOD! GARETH! I'M CUMING! I'M CUMING! I'M-"
She came.
With Jake her orgasms were like a volcanic explosion: a blast that sent the mountaintop flying all over the place, but then leaving nothing but a scorched crater that was her sense of self, pride and dignity in its place. An incredible feeling, to be sure; but one that left her questioning herself afterwards.
This... this was an eruption of a much different kind. Instead of an explosion it was like magma pouring out from her pussy; spreading through her lower body, her stomach and thighs, through her legs, and arms and torso and spreading up to her head. Filling her mind with red-hot molten rock that clouded her vision: Dani literally lost her sight, even with her eyes wide open and fixed on the man holding himself above her, still thrusting his cock deep into her as her pussy gripped his cock in orgasmic throes. Her orgasm was a full-body experience that sent every nerve ending within her flesh into an electric spasm that was unlike anything she had ever felt!
Her hands gripped his body, holding it tightly against her as her mouth hung open in a silent scream; Gareth held his lips above hers. Their mouths wide open. Tongues slashing the air, as if he was breathing in the pleasures she was exhaling silently. Dani's nails dug into his skin as her orgasm continued. Her whole body was on fire! The molten rock was filling every part of her! It wasn't going to end!
She couldn't see, or hear, or feel anything but incredible pleasure! Dani could feel her heart in her ears. Each beat pounding her ear drums like a rock concert. Gareth could be screaming and she wouldn't hear him. Jake could wake right now and she wouldn't see him. Her world was her orgasm; a never-ending experience of every nerve in her body inflamed by pleasures so beyond what Jake could ever, in his wildest dreams, hope to give her.
Oh Gareth and she were very, VERY sexually compatible.
Dani had no idea how long she came - seconds, minutes, hours?!? - but finally, finally she saw the face of the man above her, and she smiled at Gareth's exceedingly smug expression. "Holy... fuck..." she gasped. "Did you fuck... all the girls... at uni... like that?"
"No," Gareth said. "That... that was for you, Dani... you enjoy it?"
They weren't thrusting anymore: their bodies resting - him on top of her - as they caught their breaths. Dani sensually stroked her hands down his muscular torso. Loving how soaked his skin was in the sweat of their lovemaking - and it had definitely been lovemaking! This wasn't just a hot, carnal act of fucking, but a hot, carnal act of love... she was definitely in love with Gareth, as she knew he was in love with her.
"That was... fucking incredible..." Dani said, breathlessly. "I don't think I've ever cum that hard in my life... Jesus!"
"So... ready to feel that again?" Gareth said.
Smiling at his eager expression, although seeing how exhausted he seemed, Dani took control: holding him tight to her she rolled him under her, rolling closer to Jake; the huge bed offering more than enough room for her to pull off this manoeuvre without coming too close to her dear, sleeping boyfriend. Resting on her thighs, Dani straddled Gareth. She brushed thick hair, soaked in sweat, away from her face as she regarded this hot man beneath her.
"I think I'll do the work for this round," she said, smiling sweetly. "You look a little beat."
"I'm good," Gareth said; a small lie. Sure he was exhausted from fucking her so hard, but from previous intense sex he'd enjoyed with girls on campus he knew he would bounce back quickly. Still... it wouldn't hurt to lie back and enjoy the sight of Dani Cohen riding him for a while. "But I like this view... it's... very hot..."
"Hmm... you like these?" Dani teased, squeezing her tits together as she began to lift her hips. The feel of his big cock sliding out of her pussy so fucking good. Of course it could be that after cuming so hard she was just really fucking sensitive down there right now. She wasn't going to complain, though! "You like my big tits? Do you enjoy watching me play with them, Gareth?"
"Oh fuck yes! I love your tits, Dani! I don't care if they're fake! They're your tits! How could I not love them?"
He was so sweet: Dani smiled as she played with her own breasts, as she began to bounce upon his big dick. Very quickly building up a speed; not as fast and vigorous as their fucking moments ago, but still very lusty. The bed resumed shaking under the force of their fucking: they were so close to him that even Jake was gently bouncing as Dani slammed herself down onto Gareth's rigid pole with the kind of enthusiasm only a woman who has just recently cum could show.
"I got them to piss off my family," she said. Her fingers squeezing her nipples as she rode him. "Especially my mother. I wanted to make her mad. I hated my flat chest. Especially when mum has such nice tits, and she would always tell me how flat I was."
"She sounds like a bitch," Gareth said. His hands stroked the smooth pale skin of her thighs. "I'm sorry, Dani... I don't mean to be rude to your mum or anything, but..."
"Nah, she was a bitch," Dani said. She left her tits alone to reach down and lock her fingers in his. Using his hands to support herself as she bounced her thighs on his. "Still is probably..."
"You don't speak?" Gareth said. He had a great relationship with his parents, and it saddened him to hear Dani didn't share one with her own.
She shook her head, smiling sadly even as she enjoyed the feeling of his cock plunging up into her. "No... haven't spoken to them in years... haven't been to my old home in Kreenpye for... so long..."
"Would you want to?"
Looking at him, she shook her head again.
"Then I won't ask again," Gareth said, smiling up at her reassuringly. "Whatever the reason: I fucking love your big fake tits, Dani."
Her eyes glittered with naughtiness. "Do you want to feel them, Gareth?"
At the sight of his grin she pulled his hands up to her chest; pressing his palms against her tits as she continued to ride him; her pace now very close to the speed and ferocity that he was using to fuck her earlier. Her shapely pale ass squashed against his thighs each time she landed, taking his cock all the way to the base. Dani moaned with pleasure each time she felt him plunge up to her cervix; the hot tip of his cock pressing hard against the entrance to her womb; the feeling of his flesh against hers a constant reminder that they were fucking the way Dani loved best: with no condom in the way of their sexual organs. God, she loved the feeling of a bareback cock inside her pussy. Loved feeling every vein, every dip and curve of his cock as it plunged up into her. She loved the heat from his organ permeating through her flesh, until it felt like a fire had been lit in her.
What else Gareth was lighting was her second orgasm: Dani could already feel it brewing deep inside her, and they had only been fucking for some five, ten minutes in this new position! "Fuck me... you feel so good inside me, Gareth..." she moaned as she bounced frantically on his dick. "I love how you feel inside me... I love how good you feel... how good you feel without a condom... I love how your cock feels inside me, Gareth... so big... so big and hard.... Hmmm... fuck... oh, this feel so fucking good... so big and fucking *hard*! Fuck! Oh... hmmm... do I make you horny? Do I make you hard, Gareth?"
"Fuck yes!" Gareth said, gripping her tits as he squeezed and groped them. How long had they been the object of his lust? Those gorgeous mounds of hers, always barely held back by whatever top she chose to wear to work. Gareth had always sneaked an eyeful when he was sure she wasn't looking. He loved the way they sat in her tops, whether she was wearing a bra or not. So big and soft beneath his fingers. He squeezed them tightly as she rode him hard. "Oh God... I love your tits, Dani! I fucking love your body... your tits... your stomach... your thighs... your pussy-"
"Hmmm... I bet you love my pussy..." Dani purred as she rode him. That pussy they were both talking about sucking at his cock each time she lifted herself; like it was hungry to draw out all of the cum in those huge balls of his. "Considering you've got your cock inside me with no condom. Looking forward to cuming inside me?"
"Definitely!" Gareth said. He gripped her thighs as she bounced frantically on his dick.
"I bet you've given that some thought..." Dani continued to tease him. She knew just how much Gareth had probably spent fantasising about having sex with her: about as much as she'd spent thinking about taking his condom-free cock, probably! "Thought about how good it would feel to get your cock in me without a condom..."
"Oh I've given it plenty of thought!" Gareth said. God, this woman was riding his dick like she was possessed! Gareth had fucked some cum-hungry women before, but Dani was sucking at his dick with her pussy like she *needed* him to cum in her; it was getting difficult holding back on his cum with her riding him like this!
"Gareth..." Dani said slyly, looking at him between slitted eyes as she braced herself against his muscular chest; her thighs continuing to ride him like a bucking horse. "Have you been jerking off while thinking about having sex with me?"
Gareth grinned. "Does that turn you on, Dani? Knowing I was thinking about you while I was jerking off?"
"Hmmm... oh yes... oh that's hot... you jerking that big, thick cock of yours while I was in your thoughts..." Dani squeezed her tits as she imagined Gareth lying back on his bed with his hand around his cock; flying up and down its length as he thought about all the things he would do to her if he got the chance - and now he had! "What did you think about... oh... oh fuck... what was in that naughty mind of yours when you came? What sordid things did you think about doing to me, Gareth?"
"I thought about fucking you in that boring house of yours," Gareth said. Catching her hands as she reached forward to brace herself against him once more; their fingers interlocked, and he offered his support to her as she rode him. "I thought about fucking in every room of your house. Fucking you in the bedroom you share with Jake-"
Who, with comical timing, decided this point would be appropriate to start snoring.
"Hush Jake..." Dani said, looking at her sleeping boyfriend. "I want to hear what naughty thing Gareth had us doing in our bedroom... what position did you fuck me in? Don't be silly and say all of them..."
"Missionary."
"How dull... we just did that," Dani said. Her fingers clutched his as she pushed against him; a solid brace for the intense fucking she was doing. "Why missionary, Gareth?"
"Want to knock you up on the bed you share with your boyfriend."
If Dani's progress to her second orgasm had been a pleasant jog so far, that comment hurled her faster towards another intense cum. Holy shit! The thought of Gareth getting her pregnant on the bed she shared with Jake? For a moment Dani thought about letting him knock her up on this bed tonight - she could forget to take the pill tomorrow and screw that up; she knew from past experience how easily she could fall pregnant if she missed a few days - and then make Jake raise the kid. Such a long-term revenge plan for the cunt... but Dani wasn't going to have another child; not yet, at any rate.
Besides... she had other plans for Jake tomorrow...
"Hmm... Gareth... tell me you don't believe missionary increases the chance of conception?"
"Mind over matter, Dani," Gareth said, grinning. "If you believe it hard enough-"
Suddenly she leaned forward, pulling his arms back above his head and holding them against the headboard as she rested herself on top of him; her pale tits squeezed between their bodies, a short gap of an inch or so between their lips; her eyes taking him in, wide and full of lust. "Then I want you to believe it, Gareth... knock me up with your hot cum..." Her tongue flickered out to meet his; tentatively touching as she laid on top of him; her hips still pumping his cock up into a tight, warm pussy. "Jake always boasted he could get me pregnant... even though I'm on the pill. Want to succeed where he failed? Want to make his cum look weak?"
"Fuck, Dani! That's one hot request!" Gareth said, then braced his legs against the sheet, as he began thrusting up to meet her. "Making that asshole look like a chump? Hell yeah!"
With his hands entwined with hers against the headboard, Gareth was making full use of his lower body to give it to her as hard as Dani was fucking him. The two of them began grunting as loud as they dared with Jake sleeping next to them. Their bodies drenched in sweat as their hips slapped together with the loud wet sound of furious sex happening. His cock plunged up into her over and over, his balls swinging wildly as he bucked his cock up to meet her descending pussy. The feel of her huge fake tits smashed against his chest was driving Gareth wild: this was all he had imagined every time he masturbated to the thought of having sex with Dani. Now finally he was actually fucking her! Her hot, sweaty body was on top of his, her eyes locked with his as she fucked him. Dani Cohen - beautiful, kind, talented Dani Cohen - was fucking the shit out of him!
It had been worth enduring several hours of that cunt Jake fucking her first. Now Gareth was going to prove to her that he was the better man; not just by fucking her better than Jake could, but by getting her knocked up as well!
"I can't believe you're encouraging me to knock you up!" Gareth grunted as he fucked back: his cock ramming deep into her horny pussy, as she slammed her hips down onto his. The spongy tip of his cock pounding on her cervix. "Holy shit, Dani! I don't care if you're just being horny or not, that's really fucking pushing my buttons, you know?"
She bit her lip with excitement. "Hmmm... I know how guys love to think about shooting their potent spunk in a girl's cunt. I know you all want to knock us up with your thick cum..."
"Yeah... too fucking right... probably something... really fucking primal... don't think too much about it..."
"I won't... not writing a fucking essay on patriarchal oppression in the bedroom or some shit."
Gareth laughed as he fucked her. "Oh shit... can you imagine that? 'This obsession of men with getting us pregnant is a symptom of the patriarchy and man's need to chain women to domestic servitude via the responsibilities of childcare!'"
"Stop it!" Dani said, laughing too. "I'm trying to fuck you here, Gareth! This is supposed to be hot and lusty! Stop making this all so..."
"So what?" Gareth said, smiling up at her.
She kissed him. The act was surprisingly tender considering how roughly she was pumping his dick up into her. "So good," she purred. Her lips brushing his as she spoke. "So... fun..." Shit! It was like night and day between Jake and Gareth! Jake might tap into the sordid part of her that Dani wished didn't exist, but Gareth was embracing the side of her she wanted more of. He gave her reasons to laugh while having sex; he reminded her that sex was supposed to be fun, not just to scratch some primal itch in her lizard brain. It wasn't just getting off; it could be about them connecting as well, and not just physically!
"Glad you're enjoying yourself," Gareth said. "If, after this, you could leave me some feedback on my Tinder profile-"
"Zero-out-of-ten; would-not-fuck."
"So harsh!" Gareth said. Then he grinned mercilessly. "Well then... get ready, Dani Cohen, for I'm gonna put a baby in that gorgeous belly of yours! Ready for your first?"
Smiling sadly, Dani straightened, returning to sit upright as she rode him. Gareth stopped his own thrusts when he saw her expression, and instead lay there, his hands on her thighs again, as he regarded her in surprise.
"It wouldn't be your first... would it?" He said.
Dani shook her head.
"Dani... I'm so sorry-"
"She's not dead," Dani said, and her smile returned some of that previous amusement she had been showing him. "Thank God... but..."
Gareth stroked her thighs as she bounced on his dick. This was all so intimate - more than he had ever imagined his first time with Dani could be. "You can't see her?"
"I was a mess, Gareth," Dani said. She traced the lines of his muscles on his chest as she rode him, her eyes not wanting to look at him just yet while she spoke of this. The feeling of his cock pumping up into her was a strange juxtaposition as she spoke of her child, but Dani wanted to be honest with Gareth; when her previous (shouldn't that be current?) relationship had been full of lies, she wanted to hit the ground running with Gareth and build a relationship built on trust. "I was a fucking mess. Too out of my head on drugs to look after her."
"I'm so sorry, Dani..."
"Don't be... it is what it is..." Dani found his hands again and enjoyed simply interlocking her fingers with his. Finding his eyes she saw nothing judgmental in his expression. "I'm doing a lot better now... four years clean!" Her eyes glanced at Jake, still sleeping like a snoring babe.
"He doesn't spoil that," Gareth said, reading her thoughts.
"He proves I still have that dark side of me," she said. "The side that'll destroy myself to feel an ounce of pleasure."
"It proves nothing!" Gareth said. His fingers gripped hers tightly, elbows braced on the sheets to give her a firm support for her enthusiastic fucking. "You're not the same woman you were all those years ago. You've changed! Grown! You're different now! Don't let this cunt-" he jerked his head in the direction of the sleeping Jake "-make you think that woman still exists, because she doesn't! You are so much more now!"
All throughout that wonderful little speech of his, Dani was riding him hard; her eyes widening as he spoke, and she felt the passion in his voice. In a way it was sweet that this young man had such strong feelings for her. Dani knew she inspired Gareth as an artist, but it was now that she realised she could also be inspiring him as a human.
"You're so sweet..." she said, tipping her head to one side; her long black hair cascading down pale shoulders as she did so; the long tressils slick with sweat from all this fucking. Her hips kept up their vigorous pace; keeping his cock pumping up deep into her. Dani could feel her large tits bouncing harshly with this frantic pace she was maintaining, and she smiled at how Gareth had not been distracted by such an awe inspiring sight even once; his eyes were locked on her own.
"I mean it, Dani," he said. Pulling her hands back behind his head, he brought her back down to him; her tits smashing against his chest. Their lips locked. Tongues probing their mouths; her hips continuing to maintain a steady pace; taking his cock like a lover should.
"Hmmm... thank you..." Dani murmured into his mouth as they kissed passionately. "Thanks for being here for me... I mean it... you've been my rock..."
"Rock hard, you mean," Gareth said, unable to resist it.
She smiled too. "Hmmm... definitely... fuck, Gareth... you've got a strong cock down there... no wonder you were so popular with all the girls at uni... bet they loved riding this thing all night... I hope little old me doesn't disappoint..."
"No way you'll disappoint me," Garth said, between deep, moan-filled kisses. His cock kept up its frantic pace as she bucked her hips. He knew he should be pumping his load by now, but this whole fuck was so damn hot that Gareth didn't want it to end! His balls were aching with all the hot, potent cum Dani had worked up in them so far, and Gareth would love nothing more than to empty those balls into this hot brunette's eager cunt - especially with Dani's challenge about getting her knocked up again! - but Gareth wanted to enjoy this first time with Dani Cohen. After imagining it for so long, he was finally having sex with the woman of his dreams. Sure there was the matter of the drugged boyfriend beside them, but it was easy to forget Jake existed with this stunner riding him into the bed.
"Thanks," Dani purred. Kissing him one more time before sitting straight again. She rode him with a wicked smile on her face; her hands releasing his to sensually play with her tits. Exploring her nipples with her fingertips as she watched Gareth's eyes widen. His hands gripped her white thighs as she used all the muscles in her legs to keep her landings as hard as she could. "Hmm... I love riding your dick, Gareth... you've got such a rideable cock... nice and hard... I'm surprised you've not blown your load in me yet... I appreciate a guy with stamina... lets me really enjoy the ride before I get a cuntful of cum."
"Oh don't worry about that," Gareth said with a smug smile. "I'll be filling your cunt with all of my cum soon... but I really want to enjoy this first fuck of ours, Dani... I want it to be special."
"It is special," Dani said. Her hand reached down to trace the lines of his cheek. "I've wanted to do this for so long, Gareth... all those evenings we stayed behind at the office... talking about all the things that interest us... I wouldn't change them for the world... but I wish I could have done all that while fucking you... I want to catch up to all the lost sex we could have had... I want us to fuck all the time... every day... I want to feel your cock in me every day... I want to feel your cum in me all the time..."
Jesus! The stuff she was saying was making it very hard for Gareth to hold back on blowing his load! But he grinned through it while Dani continued to tell him how much she wanted his cum inside her. He loved hearing all of this from her; especially after so many months jacking off to it in his mind's eye.
Dani could see the struggle on his face, and it amused her no end to see the young man hold on to his cum, all the while her hips and pussy were practically sucking it out of his balls. "You want to make this first fuck of ours a fuck to remember? Let me give you a sight you'll never forget."
With that said Dani leaned back; supporting herself on his legs as she arched her back; thick black hair flowing down all over the sheets between his legs; her eyes closed as she enjoyed how this new position felt, knowing that right now Gareth was being offered the incredible view of a smooth flat stomach going on for ages with two gorgeous tits swaying vigorously on top; held in shape by the implants beneath her smooth white skin.
Gareth was entranced: this view of Dani's breasts was making him even harder - if that were at all possible! His cock twitched inside her as she kept it pumping in and out of her pussy with her vigorous movements. The way she moved her body kept her breasts swaying back and forth; his eyes unable to leave those glorious mounds as he held onto her thighs for dear life.
"Fuck... you've got some amazing tits, Dani," Gareth said as he watched her fuck herself silly on his raging hard cock. "Best decision you ever made!"
"Oh... oh you're just being nice to me..." Dani moaned as she flexed her body. His rigid dick felt so fucking hard in this new posture: sliding up deep within her. Pounding her cervix and sending shivers of excitement coursing through her each time his hot bulbous tip pressed hard against that sensitive wall of her vagina. "Saying all these sweet things about me." Lifting her head up to look down at him between her tits, Dani gave Gareth a wink. "Almost like you've got me just as you want."
"Almost," Gareth said, grinning back.
Dropping her head back, thrusting her hips against his to keep his pleasure coming hard, fast and orgasm-building, Dani closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensation of this man's thick cock as it plunged up deep inside her. "I bet you thought about me riding your cock," she said slyly, their bodies slapping together loud enough to be heard over the headboard. "I bet you thought about me taking you like this while you jerked off. Thinking about running your hands over my thighs, and my tits..." As she spoke Dani felt Gareth move his hands up her thighs. She felt his fingers as he followed the smooth skin of her hips, felt them move around to feel the contours of her belly, felt him follow her pale skin up between her tits before both hands moved either way, feeling the underside of her breasts, then his finger move up to lie upon her breasts, two aside her nipples.
"God damn... I've thought about fucking you every day, Dani..." Gareth said. "It killed me every time you spoke about your boyfriend..."
"Jealous?" Dani said, smirking; although she knew he couldn't see her face from where it hung back, eyes closed and hair flowing all over the place as she moved her body to take his big cock.
"Insanely jealous," Gareth admitted. "Every time I saw you I wanted you to be riding MY cock! Not his! I would give you so much pleasure it would blow his efforts out of the water!"
Lifting herself up, Dani clamped her hands over his tits. Feeling his fingers squeeze her breasts she smirked down at him; his cock was stirring up another huge orgasm, and she wanted to see his face when she came. She wanted to show him what he was doing to her. "Well you're not half bad, little boy," she purred. "You may not be as big as Jake, but you're still fucking huge, and so fucking thick! Hmmm... so fucking *hard* as well... oh I can't wait to see how much cum you're gonna pump into me... I bet you've got some volume in those big balls of yours!"
Gareth smiled with pride. "You just wait and see, Dani," he said. "I'm going to pump more into you than Jake ever has!"
Her eyes flashed with hunger at the thought of all that cum being blasted into her, and not by her asshole boyfriend but this incredible young man she had wanted to fuck for months now! "I hope you don't disappoint, Gareth," she said. "I want to feel some heavy loads from you, young man!"
"Dani, you're only six years older than me..."
"I've packed a lot of life into those six years," Dani said, then smiled warmly at Gareth's face as he thought about the implications of what she had said. "Don't worry... every step I've taken has led me here. Even the bad steps. I wouldn't change anything to be here, having sex with you."
Turning his hands around, he locked his fingers with hers and helped her keep a steady pace as she fucked herself closer to another incredible orgasm. Dani's hair was flying all around her smooth, pale shoulders, as she bounced enthusiastically on his dick. Feeling that rigid meat pole of his slide up deep into her. Filling her like few men had. Sure he wasn't quite as thick as Jake, but Gareth still spread her wide with his girth, and Dani loved the feeling of his cock plunging up into her. The heat from his dick spreading outward through her flesh until it felt like his energy was being pumped into her.
With his arms braced against his chest, Gareth watched with pride as Dani fucked herself on his cock; fucking herself to another great cum. He resisted giving the sleeping form of Jake one quick cheeky glance: Gareth wanted to ignore the boyfriend. This night wasn't about that cunt: it was about her and Gareth. After so long dancing around each other, pretending to just be good friends, they were finally fucking as they had wanted to for so long. Sure they had to endure Jake being a territorial cunt beforehand, but Gareth wasn't going to let that guy ruin his first night in Dani Cohen. He had already blown her mind with a great cum, and now Gareth was watching a second in the making; one born by Dani's skills as she rocked her body on his cock. Using every part of her flexible torso to take his considerable length from new and exciting angles. Keeping her pleasure coming quick and fast. This part of their fuck was all about her; Gareth didn't care that he was nowhere near cuming himself. He wanted to see Dani cum again, like she had when he had fucked her for an age in missionary.
"God, you look so fucking sexy up there," he said as he felt her push against his hands, using him as a platform for her journey to orgasm number two. "Nothing is as good as the real thing."
"I bet your... hmmm... I bet your imagination was quite... ahhh... 'vivid'..."
"Just a little," Gareth said, slyly.
Dani's eyes flashed with appreciation at what he was not saying. She desperately wanted him to tell her more about what sordid stuff they had done in the erotic temple of his masturbatory fantasies. Just the thought of Gareth beating one out to her after he got back home from one of their many late nights at the office made her feel so wanted. This young man had desired her for so long, and now he was finally getting what he wanted, and so was she!
"Oh fuck... oh we're finally having sex... Gareth... I've finally got your cock between my thighs!" Dani moaned as she bounced frantically on that very dick. Good God, but was it possible for him to get any harder? Only one way to find out: "Oh fuck... tell me... hmmm... tell me about all those naughty fantasies about me... hmmm... tell me how much you enjoyed beating this thick cock of yours while thinking about all the nasty things you would do to me if... oh fuck... if given the... oh my... oh... if given the chance..."
Oh she was close now! Dani could feel her orgasm brewing inside her like an explosion waiting to be unleashed. This was threatening to be just as full-body as the last, and Dani bounced her thighs on his as she rode her way to a second cum.
"First time I thought about us having sex was the first day Amanda introduced us," he said as he clutched her hands. Jesus Christ, but Dani was slamming herself down onto him harder and faster than before! She must be close to cuming, and Gareth was only too happy to give her some erotic ammunition to get that orgasm gun firing. "Do you remember?"
"Oh... oh fuck yes... oh I loved that top your were wearing... hmmm... you looked so damn hot and sexy..." It had been a Tool concert t-shirt, and Dani had used it to strike up a conversation around their shared musical interests, which eventually had led to their shared artistic loves. "So fucking hot... oh I rubbed one out to you afterwards..."
Gareth's eyes flashed. He didn't know that! "You did? When?"
"Hmmm... naughty boy... we're not talking about *my* masturbations here... what did you do to me that time, Gareth? What did you think about when you were jerking this thick, hard cock of yours? Where were we? What were we... oh fuck yes... what were we doing?"
"I fucked you on your desk," Gareth said. "You rode my dick in your office chair. I pushed you down on the table and fucked you from behind while I slapped your ass like I owned it."
"Oh fuck! Yes! Oh fuck I want you to fuck me in the office!" Dani moaned as she pictured how it would go down (and how *she* would go down): her face on the table, her arms sweeping the keyboard and mouse aside as Gareth gripped her ass and ploughed her from behind. "Oh fuck! I want you to fuck me in the office, Gareth. Fuck me on my desk and chair! Oh fuck! That's so hot! What else did we do?"
"We fucked everywhere, Dani!" Gareth said. Feeling his own orgasm begin to take form as he told her about the images that had made him cum so fucking hard that day: he had sprayed his gunk in the shower. Coating the fucking tiles with his cum; unable to get the image of this sexy woman out of his mind. "All the tables, chairs, the sofas, the walls, the doors - fuck! We made it all our sex pad!"
"Oh yes! Oh we need to do that!" Dani moaned as she slammed herself down onto his massive cock. She was so fucking close now! She could feel her orgasm bubbling inside her, like it wanted to be unleashed! "Next time... hmmm... next time we need to fuck in the office... oh God... I want to fuck you on all the tables, Gareth... fuck you and milk this cock of yours in every room..."
"Oh God yes! I'm going to fuck you at the office, Dani!"
"Yes! Fuck yes! Tell me more! What else did you think about, you gorgeous man?"
"Remember when we went to that conference the other month?"
Dani grinned with horny excitement as she fucked herself silly on his dick. "Oh God yes! That was such a fucking bore! I almost fell asleep! I... oh fuck it's so close... I can't believe I said yes to Amanda about going... but I... oh fuck... so close... I'm so glad you went with me..."
"So am I! I thought about fucking you in that room! Remember the table they had set up right at the front? With the projector?"
"You thought about fucking me right in front of them all?" It had been a packed auditorium; so many artists had come to listen about the wonders of AI enhancement, and they had all left with little positives to say about it all. Dani had hated it, and she had been so glad Gareth had come with her that day.
"I wanted them to watch me as I fucked you silly on that table!" Gareth said, recalling that hot session of self-pleasure quite vividly. That fantasy had filled two socks and ruined one of his best t-shirts when Gareth had cleaned himself up. "I wanted them to watch me make you cum again and again!"
"Oh God! That's so hot!" Dani remembered the auditorium, and now imagined herself spread over the table, legs in the air, as Gareth hammered away for the whole crowd to watch. Thinking about Gareth pulling his cock out to spray cum all over her tits was doing wonders for her next orgasm. "Oh fuck... tell me more... please Gareth... tell me more about all the ways you thought about fucking me..."
"Making a list?" Gareth said, grinning.
"Hmmm..." opening an eye to regard him, Dani smirked at his expression. "Definitely. Now... tell me some more sordid stories, Gareth... I'm almost about to cum... I want you to tell me how you thought about fucking me... make me cum *hard*."
"I've thought about fucking you in places we've never gone together," Gareth said. His breaths were sounding heavy now; he was struggling not to progress on his own road to orgasm town, as this brunette stunner bounced frantically on top of him. Her large fake tits swayed violently as her hips slammed down onto his. He felt his cock pumping deep up into her. Pounding hard on her cervix like he wanted to break through and pump his cum directly into her womb. Probably best if he didn't.
"Hmmm... such as?" Dani asked, smiling wickedly as she continued to encourage this man to reveal all of his masturbatory fantasies about her. That orgasm was close now: she was going to cum hard all over his cock in cowgirl. Dani loved being on top; she loved being the one in control of a fuck, and she realised now that so did Jake. Their sex had always been power-plays. Gareth though flowed with her; he had had his moment to rock her world and now he was content to lay back and let her show off her own moves. That look in his eye told Dani all she needed to know about how close to cuming *he* was as well, and the thought of Gareth filling her with all the hot cum in his balls kept her riding him hard. She could practically feel the heat from his testicles as her ass landed heavily on his cock.
"Fucked a girl once on the backseat of her car," Gareth said, grinning. "I love to think about what it would have been like if she had been you."
"Hmmm... I do love fucking in a car..." Dani purred, recalling quite a few car encounters of the sexual kind herself. A few of her previous boyfriends didn't have a house or flat to call their own, and so she had fucked them in the backs of cars and vans. "Tell me... what did you do to her?"
"Oh we did quite a few positions," Gareth said. Stacey had been a fucking great lay, but she was not Dani Cohen. "Cowgirl, doggy-style, sixty-nine... finished with me on top."
"Did you cum inside her?" Dani asked breathlessly. God, she was so close now!
"Of course."
"Hmmm... oh that's so hot... I've fucked guys in cars before... I've ridden them in the back seat of their car... hmmm... in their van... I've fucked them on top... against the sides... missionary... riding on their laps... spooning... oh I've been a very naughty girl, Gareth... I hope you don't find all this... intimidating..."
"Hell no!" Gareth said. His fingers gripped hers tighter. "Makes me want to fuck you better!"
"Good! Fuck me, Gareth! Fuck me better than those boys did!" Dani gasped. Her hips slapped against his hard and fast now. So fucking close! Her fingers were so pale with how hard she was squeezing his hands, but his hold on her was giving Dani such a great platform to fuck against. The headboard was slamming against the wall now - how Jake was still asleep Dani didn't know, but she was fucking glad he was! Not that she would care if her boyfriend woke up, but right now Dani wanted to enjoy this fuck with Gareth, and not have it interrupted by Jake. "Oh fuck me...! Fuck me good! Fuck me like you've always thought about... fuck me like you imagine you do all of those times you've jacked off to me..."
"I will, don't you worry..." Gareth said. "Right now this is your moment, Dani... show me how good you fuck... show me how much you want my cum..."
"Oh I fucking want it! I fucking want all of it!" Dani moaned as she bounced her ass. "I want to milk this great cock of yours for hours! Oh... oh fuck... give it all to me... pump it all into me... I want all of it... hmmm... fucking all of it... oh God yes! Give it to me... give it all to me, Gareth... I want your hot... hot thick... hmmm... thick cum inside me... fucking cum in me!"
How the hell could anyone resist that? Gareth was certainly trying his damn best, as Dani kept up her furious pace. Keeping her hips bouncing hard and fast on his cock as she rode closer and closer to another incredible orgasm. Gareth broke away from her hands to grip her thighs as he helped her hand hard on his cock. Dani squeezed her tits and worked her nipples as she rode him closer and closer to a great cum.
"Oh God! Oh fuck yes! Fuck yes, Gareth! I fucking love riding your dick! Oh fuck... oh fuck... I rarely got to fuck Jake like this... he hates me being on top..."
"Fucking loser," Gareth said. Pulling her pale thighs down onto him with her movements, their combined efforts keeping her fucking bed-shakingly hard. "How can anyone not want to see you on top? I fucking love this! Your tits are so great from down here!"
"Hmmm... you mean these tits?" Dani said, cupping her breasts and squeezing them teasingly as she rode him. "Do you like seeing my tits from down there, Gareth? Do you like the view from your back?"
"Fuck yes! It's so hot watching you ride me!" Gareth continued to help her land on his dick so hard the bed was shaking beneath. "I can't wait to fuck you on and against everything in this room!"
"Oh... oh fuck yes... oh that's going to be so hot..." Dani moaned. Her fingers squeezed her tits as she rode him. "We're gonna fuck so much tonight... we're gonna fuck tomorrow... somehow I know we're gonna fuck tomorrow..."
"Yeah? Don't get me wrong I'll fuck you all day tomorrow if I could, but what are we going to do about sleeping beauty over there?"
They both looked over at Jacob, who was sleeping on his back, mouth wide open, snoring over the sounds of their fucking.
Despite the impending orgasm-apocalypse about to occur inside her, Dani made a face at the reminder that her boyfriend was right there next to them; an unfortunate fact she had managed to actually forget with how good it was to finally fuck Gareth. "Oh fuck..." she muttered, as she bounced erratically on Gareth's meat pole. Her hair all about in her face and her tits swaying in a most alarming manner. "Oh... what the fuck are we going to do... about... oh fuck... about that... that *fuck*? What... oh fuck... fuck... Gareth! OH FUCK! OH MY GOD! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!"
With his hands on her hips Gareth helped impale her on his dick over and over as Dani came hard for the second time on Gareth's cock. Her body arched backwards, arms braced against his legs, as she fucked herself through an immense torrents of pleasure that gushed out from inside to fill every part of her. Nerve endings were set alight by the experience. Her eyes were wide and saw nothing as her mind lost the ability to comprehend what she was looking at.
All that Dani could focus on was pleasure. "OH MY FUCKING GOD! I LOVE YOUR COCK! I LOVE FUCKING YOU, GARETH! FUCK ME FOREVER! DON'T YOU EVER STOP FUCKING ME! OH MY GOD! OH FUCKING HELL!"
Gareth gave Jake the side-eye as he helped Dani ride her orgasm to the end, and smirked when he saw the other man continue to snore loudly through the loud sounds of his girlfriend having the second best cum of her life. "Hear that, mate?" Gareth said as Dani continued to scream hot obscenities as she fucked Gareth's huge cock; her pussy cuming all over it for the second time this night. "Sounds like she's having some fun. Wanna take notes?"
Dani's pussy gushed fluids all over Gareth; drenching his pubic hair in her juices as Dani rode his huge cock; her orgasm engulfing every part of her body until Dani felt she would never stop cuming! The muscles of her arms were locked so tightly she didn't think she would ever move them again; her throat was now painful with how loudly she was screaming about how much she loved having sex with Gareth, and how good his cock was, and how she would always be fucking him in every possible way a woman could fuck a guy, and all she could hear was her own voice, and all she could feel was this blinding pleasure, kept riding high by how her hips continued to take his cock over and over and over...
At some point, when Dani finally regained some semblance of consciousness, her arms had let go of Gareth's legs and she had collapsed back onto him. His cock still balls-deep inside her. A warm afterglow now filled her; though with it came some post-nut clarity, and Dani looked over at Jake, terrified that he would be sitting up looking back at her, having heard and seen her cum all over Gareth's dick for the second time tonight.
Miraculously Jake was still snoring.
"Jake, roll over onto your side," Dani said, and when her boyfriend did just that she looked at Gareth between her huge tits with a confused look. "What the fuck...?"
Gareth shrugged.
"Help me up," Dani said, extending a tired arm towards him. "I think you've just fucked a year off my life with that..."
Gripping her arm, Gareth used her weight to haul himself upright as well. They met with a slap of their chests colliding; that moment of contact sparking a smile on each of them. As she settled her legs around him, Dani enjoyed the feeling of her breasts pressed up against his chest, her tits moving against his skin. Both of them were absolutely drenched in sweat. "Hmmm... I wonder if you'll score a hat-trick," she purred. Wrapping her arms around his shoulders as she began to bounce on his cock again. "Three mind-melting cums in a row... must be an award for that..."
"If not, wanna name it?" Gareth said as he wrapped his arms around her waist. He loved how close she was to him now; her grey eyes barely a few inches from him, filled with such lust that it was getting real difficult not to cum inside her right now.
"Hmmm... what will we call it?" Dani said. She was fucking him real slow now in comparison to their incredible lusty fucks earlier, and to be honest she was loving this change of pace: sure it wasn't *slow* - she was bouncing on his dick with a decent pace - but it was a definite step down in tempo from the furious bed-shaking fucking of before. But she liked that: Dani didn't like sex staying the same for hours. She loved it when she changed rhythm with her lover; Jake never did want to do that, now she thought about it.
"The 'Dani Cohen Tri-Cum Award'."
She laughed. "That's fucking terrible," she said. "I love it!"
"Need to design a trophy," Gareth said. As he spoke he explored her hips and ass as she rode him; fingers moving gently across her sweaty pale skin, feeling how smooth and warm it was to the touch. Her tits were squeezed against his chest; the flesh rolling against his muscular pecs as she bounced enthusiastically on his rigid pole. They had been fucking for ages now, but Gareth still wasn't anywhere near cuming. Not that he cared: seeing Dani enjoy riding his dick was hot enough for him! "Any ideas?"
"Hmmm... I've got a few," Dani said. "Need to make it garish... big and extravagant... a trophy fit for such a feat of incredible sexual performance..."
"I like the sound of that... 'incredible sexual performance'..." Gareth moved his hands up to her shoulders, pulling her closer so he could enjoy the feeling of her large fake tits pressed between their bodies. "How's this performance rating on your list?"
"Hmmm... up there... maybe top five..." Dani said, giving him a wink to let him know it was all in good humour. Truth be told this was probably the best fuck of her life: no other boyfriend had made her cum so hard, and even then the sheer pleasure she was feeling of just having sex with Gareth was enough to rank this fuck in the top spot: this was much better than having sex with Jake, even if Jake was bigger than Gareth. Jake just got inside her: Gareth was getting under her skin and really making her feel connected to him in a way she had never felt with any previous sexual partner.
Gareth pretended to look hurt. "Top five? Not even top three? Am I not worth a medal?"
"Maybe bronze..."
"Oh! She wounds me!" Gareth jerked his head to his right, towards Sleeping Beauty. "It's him, isn't it?"
"Don't be silly!" Dani said, playfully slapping the back of Gareth's head. "We won't sully this hot fuck by mentioning He-Who-Shall-Not-Be-Named."
"Voldemort?"
Dani glared. A curious look for someone to have when they are covered in sweat, face partially hidden by their thick black hair, and cheeks flushed with post-orgasmic bliss, as well as all the exercise they were doing right now.
Gareth smiled. "Which lucky fellers are topping me?"
"Well there was this one guy I knew back in Kreenpye who creampied me for the first time in the back of his van," Dani said; her eyes roaming the ceiling like she was revisiting the moment, which she kinda was: Brad Cutter (no resemblance to any other Brads that might be mentioned in other tales) had been a young apprentice carpenter, and had fucked her enthusiastically in the back of his van seven times: she had swallowed three but taken four deep in her unprotected pussy. "First time I ever had a guy cum inside me. Felt good... real good... so I took three more loads of cum from him."
"That sounds like it was a hot fuck," Gareth said, not feeling an ounce of jealousy. Why would he, when he currently had his eight inch dick pumping in and out of Dani's wet pussy? "Remind me to fuck you in the back of my van... when I get one."
"Hmmm... definitely... might let you knock me up like Brad did..."
Gareth's eyebrows rose. "So he's the dad! Does he..."
"Oh fuck no: he did a runner the day I told him," Dani said, her head rolling back with years of frustration. "Haven't seen or heard from him since... and neither has Chloe..."
"I'd like to meet Chloe someday..."
Dani looked at him. Her eyes filled with sadness. "So would I."
Gareth kissed her. It wasn't the passionate, tongue-filled kissing of earlier, but a gentle kiss. It lasted for an age, during which Dani continued to move against him; taking his cock with gentle, but powerful thrusts; keeping him pumping up into her, keeping her pleasure coming as she had so far during this incredible, lengthy fuck - and it wasn't over yet! Dani was pleasantly surprised by Gareth's dick control; that he hadn't blown his load just yet was exciting. She wanted to cum a few more times before she came with him, and she did want to cum with Gareth. Ending a hot fuck with a simultaneous orgasm was just the right thing to do, but Dani also loved to cum more than the guy did. It was just how a fuck should go. Equality be damned: a woman should always cum more than a man.
Female orgasms made the world go round, as Zehra always claimed.
"God... Dani I swear I'll do everything in my power to help you see your girl," Gareth said, and as he spoke his hands moved up to her shoulders. Gripping them tightly - but not too tightly - he helped her bounce on his cock with renewed vigour; Dani reciprocated, perhaps fuelled by this declaration of his, or perhaps because another orgasm was bubbling inside her, or perhaps a bit of both.
"Oh fuck... yes... fuck, that's so sweet of you..." Dani said, kissing him enthusiastically; his huge cock pistoning up inside her with greater speed now. The sweet, intimate fuck that their sex had become now returning to the lusty, passionate screwing that they had enjoyed so far. While his declaration had been sweet, Dani wasn't sure what a guy like Gareth could do; how could he do what Dani herself had spent years trying: convince Social Services that she was now in a healthy state of mind to be a mother?
No, that was still a pipe dream: Dani had burnt too many bridges in her youth with too many important people for such a reunion to be easy. She *would* see Chloe again - of that she was so very sure - but it would not happen overnight, nor thanks to some magic wands being waved by other people. She would see her daughter again through years of hard work; hard work that had been set back several years thanks to the asshole sleeping next to her.
And if he found out what she was doing right now?
As Dani rode Gareth's dick towards her third orgasm of this fuck, her mind conjured all kinds of horrible scenarios that a guy like Jacob Cook would do to her chances of seeing Chloe again if he found out she was having sex with Gareth. No doubt he had the resources to severely hamper, if not totally destroy, her chances of seeing her daughter again. If he could make Zehra almost unemployable in a large city that should be teeming with job opportunities, then Dani was sure Jacob would severely fuck up her long, painful road to be reunited with Chloe.
But fuck him! Fuck that arrogant cocksucker!
Looking at him sleeping so peacefully next to her, as she bounced erratically on Gareth's dick, Dani scowled at the man who thought he could control her. "I'm going to see my daughter," she said. "I'm going to see her and there's not a damn thing you can do about it. I'm going to fuck my colleague, and there's not a fucking thing you can do about it."
"You fucking tell him, Dani," Gareth grunted as he helped her land hard on his dick. Hearing her talk like this to that asshole was such a turn on! He loved seeing the fire in Dani's eyes - her determination made those large grey orbs come alive with a passion that he only saw when she spoke of her art. It was the passion Gareth had been attracted to, and seeing it this close made his dick so fucking hard Gareth was sure he could crush coal into diamonds with it!
"I'm gonna fuck this man every day!" Dani moaned as she felt her orgasm approach like eighty freight cars behind a colossal diesel locomotive whose brakes no longer worked! Her pussy was still smouldering from the last cum, and Dani could tell this next one was going to be an absolute motherfucker. Being so close to Gareth - feeling his hot, sweaty chest pressing against hers, his abs rubbing against her nipples as she grinded her body against his - was all so fucking intimate! Dani was loving fucking this hot stud of a man in such a sweaty position. So much of their skin is in contact; soaking each other with all the sweat this hot, lusty fuck was causing. "I'm gonna fuck him every... hmmm... every day! I don't care about your cock... Jake... I only want Gareth's dick in me... I want to feel Gareth's big, thick cock in me... I want him to fuck me... hmmm... I want to feel his cock... his cum... I want to feel his body against mine... his skin... so hot... I want to feel all of him... every day... hmmm... oh fuck... every day... you can't stop me, Jake... you can't stop me fucking this man... because I want to fuck him... I want to fuck him so badly... more than I've ever wanted to fuck a man..."
Jesus Christ! Gareth thought his cock might actually explode with what Dani was moaning, as she furiously humped his cock; taking all of his eight inches like a pro; desperate to feel him cum inside her, although Gareth was equally desperate to keep this incredibly first fuck going as long as he could! He wanted to remember this moment in years to come. He wanted to be an old man near the end of his life, recalling this incredible sex; the memories keeping him warm and filled with satisfaction of a life lived well.
"I want to fuck you every day as well, Dani," Gareth moaned. Using his grip on her shoulders to keep her slamming down hard onto his cock. How he had not blown his load yet was a fucking miracle, and Gareth gave thanks to his incredible stamina and dick control that he hadn't filled her warm, moist and dear-God-so-fucking-tight pussy with all the cum he could feel straining in his huge balls. Jesus, his balls were fucking painful right now with all the cum inside them; he'd never felt them so heavy with cum before, and Gareth knew that when he did finally ejaculate in Dani Cohen for the first time he was going to drown her in his sperm. "I want to fuck so fucking much... I've waited so fucking long for this moment... so many days spent wasting my cum with jerking off to you when I could have been pumping my loads into your gorgeous cunt!"
"Hmmm... going to need to fix that soon..." Dani purred. Her orgasm was fast approaching, yet it seemed like Gareth's was still some ways ahead! Damn this man and his stamina! Dani wanted to feel cum inside her! She had been riding Gareth's cock for so long she was sure that all traces of Jake's spunk had been well and truly scooped out by Gareth's huge pistoning rod. She wanted to feel more cum inside her: from this gorgeous young man, and not her asshole older boyfriend. "Fuck's sake, Gareth... stop showing off and cum with me... I want us to cum together..."
Gareth smiled; though it was a sweaty smile considering the circumstances. "Getting a little bit cum-hungry there? I figured you'd had enough cum with Jake pumping his seed into you earlier! You want some of my cum?"
"Don't you fucking say this name again!" Dani snarled. A little too intensely, she realised when she saw Gareth's eyes widen with shock. Placating him with a kiss on the lips, then a few kisses along the line of his jaw, all the while keeping her thrusts fast and his cock pumping deep. "Don't say it... this isn't about him... this is about us... this is our moment... our time to shine... our fuck for the ages.."
"Sorry Dani," Gareth said. He caught her lips with his own and pushed his tongue deep. Their mouths twisted around each other as they kissed passionately; moaning loudly as their bodies continued to slam against each other. Her breasts squeezed so tightly to his chest Dani thought that her fake tits might explode with the pressure! "Just you... and me..."
"Hmmm... you and me..." Dani said, kissing him again and again. Their tongues slashing, the bed shaking violently with the force of their fucking; all the while Jake continued to sleep as they fucked on the bed beside him. "No one else, Gareth... just us... hmmm... just us... after so long... just the two of us... no one else... hmmm... oh fuck me, Gareth... fuck me like only you can..."
His hands moved further up; gathering her thick black hair - soaked with the sweat their fuck was generating - and pushed his fingers through her clumped strands. Holding onto the back of her head, Gareth held her face to his and kissed her as they humped organs like two horny teens experiencing sex for the first time. His cock was pistoning deep into her over and over. Her cunt sucking his shaft each time she pulled back, like her pussy was trying to suck the cum from his balls.
"Just us... just us..." Dani moaned. God, his cock felt so good! It was stirring up another huge cum inside her! Just a little more and she would be exploding with pleasure once again. This was everything she had wanted sex with Gareth to feel like! All those times she had wondered, giving herself an orgasm with her vibrator, or her fingers. All the while secretly thinking of the man she worked with. The hot, talented man that she enjoyed spending time with in the office when all the others had gone home for the evening. "Just us... oh fuck... fuck me, Gareth... fuck me... fuck me..."
He did just that: pumping his cock up into her. His tongue exploring her lips as they gasped as they fucked furiously; holding tightly to each other like a drowning man holds onto the lifering. Her hands had found the back of his head; fingers ruffling through the short hair; holding him close to her as she humped his cock like a madwoman.
"Fuck me... fuck me, Gareth... oh God... I love your cock... I love how you make me feel... I love our sex, Gareth... I love how different it is... so good... so intimate... this is what good sex should feel like... this is what sex should be... two people... hmmm... two people making each other cum hard... giving their energy to each other... making them... hmmm... making them cum... sex isn't for control... or coercion... it's love... love, Gareth... oh fuck... I love having sex with you... I want to have sex with you every day... I want to feel like this every day... so close... so connected... cum for me... cum for me, Gareth... please... cum for me... fill me up with your hot cum... fill me... fill me up... oh fuck... Gareth... I'm gonna cum, Gareth... oh your big dick is making me cum... aren't you gonna cum with me... Gareth?"
"I wanna make you cum, Dani," Gareth whispered; his lips almost touching hers. Their eyes so heavy with the pleasure this sex was churning up inside them the lids were almost closed. "Make you cum a few more times..."
"Don't tease me like this, Gareth..." Dani whimpered as she felt her own orgasm build inside.
"I wanna remember this moment..." Gareth said. His voice breathless. Jesus Christ, he was so drenched in sweat! The sheets were going to be absolutely soaked in their sweat by the time they were both finished! "I wanna remember our first fuck... our first time... I wanna remember your face... the taste of your lips... your sweat... you... all of you, Dani... I wanna remember you."
Her grey eyes were wide as she regarded him. Dani didn't think she could be anymore turned on by what this young man was saying, but somehow Gareth kept surprising her with how deep his desire for her went. She had no doubt he would be spending every moment of his time from this point onwards giving her as much pleasure as was humanly possible. He was going to be in her twenty-four-fucking-seven at this rate! She was going to have so much sex even Zehra would be astonished (but not Alexa - that woman's appetite was on another planet!)
"Cum for me, Dani..." Gareth said. Whispering straight into her open mouth as Dani moaned with her approaching orgasm. His cock pounded deep inside her. Their bodies sliding against each other as she bounced hard on his dick. "Cum for me... cum for me... I want to see you cum."
"Oh fuck... Gareth! Fuck!" Dani whimpered. It was approaching fast! Promising to be bigger, and more intense than the last one! "Fuck! I'm... hmmm... cuming... I'm cuming... I'm gonna cum... oh fuck... you're gonna make me cum... I'm gonna cum all over your cock... hmmm... oh fuck... fuck me... fuck me, Gareth... hmmm... please... fuck... fuck... FUCK! FUCK ME, GARETH! FUCK ME PLEASE! GOD! OH GOD, GARETH! HOW ARE YOU MAKING ME FEEL THIS?!? OH GOD!!! GARETH!!!"
Wrapping her arms around his broad shoulders Dani clutched tightly to him as her orgasm hit with the force of a small atomic bomb: incredible pleasures erupted from within, spreading out to her limbs, fingers and toes, all the way to her head where she felt her heart pounding inside a skull already rattled by two incredible orgasms. Dani was only barely comprehending the change in position as she was turned around. As the orgasm began to fade she leaned back, feeling him hold her arms; feeling so safe in his control; Dani leaned back until the base of her spine rested on his knees, and she realised Gareth was now sitting on the edge of the bed.
Opening her eyes she looked up at him, and smiled at his expression. "Like what you see?"
Gareth did: here was this slim, hot, pale-skinned woman with gorgeous eyes and a thick head of black hair, parts of her meticulously tattooed with designs that she had come up with, laying back on his legs; her hands gripping his arms and his hands gripped her arms, having just had a third incredible orgasm, eager to experience another one with him.
Gareth wasn't sure how much longer he could last. This fuck was everything he had fantasised about, and more! His imagination was nothing compared to actually fucking Dani Cohen; soon he would be pumping his first load of cum into this horny brunette, and Gareth was eager to see it be the first of many loads to come tonight (or should that be 'to cum'?)
"Hmmm... cat got your tongue?" Dani said, smirking at how Gareth was obviously so caught by how she looked leaning back on his legs. She was a fucking catch, and she knew it! With his eyes still roaming her lean body, Dani began to flex her hips; she felt his cock resume sliding into and out of her pussy once more. "Do you remember what we're doing here tonight, Gareth?"
He grinned. "How could I forget? I've got all night to fuck you, Dani. I'm going to fill you with more cum than Sleeping Beauty behind me ever could."
"What did I say about bringing him into our sex?" Dani said, although not harshly. She loved it when Gareth talked shit about her boyfriend (could she even still consider Jake that? It felt like she had almost made up her mind about what to do with him after this incredible night was over and she returned to the real world and not this magical 'fucking Gareth' world she was in right at this moment). Dani loved hearing Gareth be proud of his own sexual capabilities; not put off by Jake's earlier power trip.
"Sorry Dani, but I just can't help myself," Gareth said. Holding her arms he watched as Dani flexed her hips against him. He felt his cock begin to piston deep into her once more. He knew it was giving her incredible pleasure, just as the feeling of his dick sliding against the insides of her tight pussy was giving him pleasure as well. Maybe a little too much: Gareth reckoned it would not be too long before he was pumping his first load into this gorgeous woman's pussy. "He may have a bigger cock, but we both know who's fucking you the best."
"Hmmm... you are... definitely..." Dani said. Her eyes flashing with hunger as she bucked her hips against him. This was a much slower pace than what they had been fucking to, but Dani was still enjoying this far more than Jake's furious assaults on her pussy. It was intimate how Gareth rubbed against her as his cock slid back and forth inside her tight pussy. This was so unlike any of her previous lovers; mostly men who she had fucked for the pleasure of fucking. Dani thought she had something with Jake, but he had proved himself no better than the addicts she had had sex with in her troubled past. Just another man using her for his own pleasures.
But Gareth? Gareth wanted to pleasure her. He wanted her to cum, not for his own ego, but to see her filled with pleasure.
"Oh fuck... hmmm... Gareth... oh I love fucking you... oh I can do this all night... all day... I just want to have your cock in me all the time, baby... oh fuck... so big and thick... hmmm... so hard... I fucking love your cock... so good... just stay hard and in me forever..."
Gareth's grin was threatening to split his face wide open and he listened to Dani fuck herself on his dick. Her eyes were almost closed with how good he must feel for her. Her moaning was low and seductive; really making him hard as she kept his cock pistoning deep into her. Taken together Dani was light-years ahead of any girl he had fucked at uni. She was the perfect woman for him, and Gareth was going to fuck her all night, in every way he could in this small room they were sharing.
"Oh fuck yes... fuck me... fuck me good... oh I love your cock... I love how you feel inside me... I love how good your cock feels..." Dani moaned as she rocked herself on his dick. "I love how you make me feel... hmmm... so fucking good... oh keep fucking me... keep fucking me..."
"I think *you're* the one doing the fucking right now, Dani."
One eye opened to look up at him. "Don't be fucking smartass," she said, but not unkindly.
Gareth just grinned. A moment later that eye closed again, and Dani resumed rocking herself on his huge cock. Enjoying the feeling of a monstrous hard dick plunging up into her needy cunt over and over. Dani had no idea how long they had been fucking so far - near two hours? - but all she cared about was Gareth's meaty cock pumping into her. How he had not cum yet was really fucking annoying: Dani wanted to feel his huge load inside her! She had had too much of Jake's cum pumped inside her, and she wanted to feel Gareth's big loads soon!
"Oh fucking cum already..." she moaned as she rocked her hips. "Please, Gareth... cum inside... make me feel your cum... your hot cum... fill me up... please... empty those fucking balls of yours inside me... don't make me beg all night!"
"Don't worry, Dani!" Gareth said. "I'm nearing my limit! I won't be able to hold back for much longer... I just want to see you cum again before I fill you up."
"Hmmm... do you like seeing me cum? Do you like watching me cum all over your big dick?"
"Hell yeah! You look so fucking sexy when you cum! I love watching you cum all over my cock! I'm going to make you cum all night!"
"Oh fuck yes! I want to fuck this hot cock of yours all night!" Dani moaned, rocking a little bit faster now. She could feel another orgasm bubbling away inside her, and she was eager to feel it as quickly as possible. "But if you think I'm going to cum alone this time you're mistaken!"
Before Gareth could even register what was happening Dani broke her arms away from his and flung them back onto the carpet; with a wicked grin on her face she wrapped her legs around his waist and tugged. Caught by surprise Gareth slid forward, falling off the edge of the bed. Falling to his knees, he landed with a grunt.
"Jesus! Careful there!" Gareth said as Dani lifted herself up to sit on his lap, though with both arms still behind her; braced against the carpet. "You could snap my dick in half doing shit like that!"
"Awww... we wouldn't want to break this gorgeous cock of yours now... would we?" Dani said, a hand gently caressing Gareth's jawline as she resumed rocking her hips against his. That thick cock of his (mercifully untouched by her crazy manoeuvre), continued to pump back and forth in her moist, tight pussy. "Especially when I have so much planned for this cock... hmmm... I want to see how much you can cum, young man..."
"Again I'm not *that* much younger than you," Gareth said, although with a warm smile at her words. The way she was rocking her hips against his was so good; her pussy was really clamping down hard around his cock in this new position, and Gareth was loving the feeling. "You want all my cum, Dani? Want me to fill you up with my seed?"
With her arms braced against the floor behind her, Dani flexed her body against his; keeping a nice, tight pace as she took his cock. Her thick black hair was sticking to her face, leaving small gaps between which her grey eyes were locked on his; filled with lust and need for this man and all the contents of his balls. Her mouth was fixed in an erotic grin, teeth clamped down over her bottom lip; panting and breathing hard through her nose as she fucked his gorgeous man's huge cock with her tight pussy. Her deep breathing kept her tits rising and falling in a way that Gareth couldn't take his eyes from!
"What's the matter, Gareth?" Dani teased as she took his cock. "Do you like watching my tits as I fuck you? Do you like the way... hmmm... do you like the way they bounce?"
"Fucking hell, Dani: I could watch you fuck me all night!"
"Good, because I want to fuck you all night," Dani said. "We're gonna fuck so much... all night, and all day... oh God, Gareth... I'm gonna milk your cock for all the cum in your balls time and time again until I fucking drain them... you're gonna cum so much into me my eyes will turn all white with your spunk! Oh fuck! I want you, Gareth! I want you so fucking bad! Fill me! Fucking fill me up with your cum... oh fuck... fuck... I need it, Gareth! I need it!"
"Oh God... fuck! You keep this up and I'm going to cum inside you!" Gareth groaned as he held Dani's ass, helping her thrust against his dick. He felt his thick eight inches pump deep into her over and over as she rocked herself against him. She was so fucking tight, and she had been tight around his cock for so long; Gareth wasn't sure if he could hold back from cuming much longer! Only a desire to cum with her kept him from blowing his load, but from the look in Dani's sweaty face it seemed like her own orgasm was fast approaching.
"Hmmm... fuck me Gareth... fuck me good..." Dani moaned as she rocked against his cock, his strong hands helping her keep a fast, hard rhythm as they fucked on the floor beside the bed. He leaned back against the side of the bed, loving the sight of this sweaty woman fuck herself to yet another orgasm on his dick. His condom-free dick, no less! Gareth, like any good Eroshire male, loved to fuck without a condom (bonus points, of course, if he could cum inside), but even then it felt so fucking good to be inside Dani - with or without protection he would remember this sex for the rest of his life! "Hmmm... so fucking good... oh fuck... oh your cock, Gareth... hmmm... so good... so hard... hmmm... I love the feel of your cock... I love how it feels inside me... God... your cock, Gareth... I've got your cock inside me... how does it feel?"
"Fucking amazing!" Gareth gasped as he helped her rock hard against his dick. He was near to cuming himself! His cock sent fierce bolts of pleasure coursing through him each time it made a hard impact against her cervix, and his balls were so painful with cum it felt like they would pop! Her pussy was so fucking tight around his dick Gareth wasn't sure he would pull out the same size as when he entered her! "So fucking good! God, Dani! It feels so fucking good!"
"Hmmm... I'm glad... I'm so happy to be fucking you, Gareth... I've wanted to fuck you for so... so long... hmmm... so fucking good... oh fuck... I'm gonna cum soon... I can feel it... you're going to make me cum again, Gareth... I'm going to cum all over your big dick... again! Oh fuck... how do you feel, Gareth? Going to make your co-worker cum all over your big... big dick... cum all... all over your big cock... fuck!"
"Fucking feels amazing!" Gareth gasped. God, he was so close now! He could feel the cum broil inside his balls. Churning around like it was eager to be pumped up into Dani's fertile womb. His cock was practically exploding with intense pleasure each time it kissed the end of her vagina. It was so close now! He was going to cum inside Dani! He was finally going to fill her pussy with all the cum in his balls! "Oh fuck! I'm gonna cum, Dani! Oh fuck... I'm gonna fill you up! That's how much I love fucking you! I'm going to cum in you more than Jake - or any man - ever has!"
"Oh fuck yes! Cum in me! Fucking cum in me!" Dani moaned as she fucked him harder, within her the next orgasm was almost about to explode; filling her with that intense pleasure she had come to expect from Gareth and his incredible cock. "Oh God... oh fuck... Gareth... oh you make me cum so good... oh I love our sex, Gareth... I love how you make me cum... I love our sex... Oh fuck... make me cum, Gareth... cum with me... fill me up... please... cum with me... please... cum with me... I want to make sweet, sweet music with you..."
His fingers were practically sinking into the smooth flesh of her buttocks as Gareth helped her rock hard against his rock hard cock. Over and over; pleasure shooting through them each time his organ plunged balls-deep into her, pounding on her cervix like he wanted to break through to her fertile womb. His back was soaking the bed sheets; his skin was dripping with sweat; her body was glistening from the illumination of the small bedside lights; her smooth, pale stomach was soaked in sweat as she flexed it over and over. Driving herself against him again and again, a maelstrom of an orgasm brewing inside her; given further force each time she took him all the way to the base of his huge, thick cock.
"Fuck! I'm gonna cum! Oh fuck... fuck.... Gareth... I'm gonna cum on your cock... oh fuck!"
Her movements were fast and frantic now. Her body slammed against his so hard he rocked the bed behind him each time she made contact. Dani wondered how Jake could sleep through all of this, and realised she didn't care. She didn't care if he woke up and saw her fucking Gareth like this: covered in sweat, with her long black hair sticking to her pale face, and her eyes wide with lust as she regarded this sexy, toned man sitting back against the bed, his hands gripping her ass cheeks like he owned them (and perhaps he did now). Her full lips were open, breathing deeply with the effort of giving this man her pussy so hard and fast.
"Oh fuck... Gareth... fuck... I'm gonna cum... I'm gonna cum, Gareth... oh fuck... oh it's so close now... so fucking close... I'm gonna cum all over your beautiful cock... oh your hard... thick... big cock... oh fuck... Gareth... I'm gonna cum... you're making me cum... you gonna cum with me?"
Gareth nodded: he was so on the edge that he couldn't speak. His cock was so fucking sensitive right now: bolts of electric pleasure shot through him each time he felt his cock head pound her cervix; shivers of excitement coursing through him each time he plunged his dick all the way in. Any moment now he knew she would tip him over the edge, and he would blast her fertile inside with his thick cum.
"Cum with me, Gareth... cum with me... oh fuck... cum with me... lets cum together..."
Holding out her hand, Dani gripped his and used it as leverage to fuck him even harder. Their hips slamming together so hard and fast it was sending droplets of sweat flying everywhere. Her mouth was hanging open in an almost perpetual moan of pleasure, and she hadn't even cum yet!
Not yet: but it was close. So fucking close! Dani could practically feel the threat of her orgasm. His cock plunged up into her over and over. Every vein on his dick could be felt, and the heat of his organ practically burned her sensitive flesh.
"OH FUCK! GARETH! OH MY GOD! I'M GONNA CUM! I'M GONNA CUM, GARETH! FUCK! OH, I LOVE YOUR COCK! I LOVE YOUR BIG, THICK COCK! FUCK ME AND CUM IN ME! OH FUCK! FUCK! FUCKING CUM IN ME!!! GARETH!!!!"
Throwing her head back Dani's vision blacked out as pleasure erupted from inside her pussy for the fourth time tonight by Gareth's hand; even though she could feel her eyes were wide open, Dani saw nothing but darkness; as if all senses had been blasted into submission by the pleasure her vagina was giving her.
Then she felt it: the sensation she had been longing for since she first took Gareth into her, and for the last hour or two or however long they had been fucking for.
Gareth gripped Dani's hand with his own hand - his other squeezing her ass cheeks - as he felt a torrent of hot gunk travel up the length of his cock. Gareth felt the tip of his cock expand as hot jets of baby-making gunk blasted out at point-blank range; splashing all over Dani's cervix in an eruption of viscous virile fluid.
"OH FUCK! YOU'RE CUMING INSIDE! OH GOD!" Dani moaned as she felt his heavy, potent ejaculations hammer her cervix. His cock was pressed right up against it, and the power of his organ was blasting fluids with such force Dani could practically feel her body vibrate with each of his immense loads as it erupted against her cervix. Thick gunk sloshed around inside her; his cock quickly filled her and within moments Dani felt cum squirt out from where her vagina had its lips gripping the base of his cock. She felt that huge rod shudder with each heavy ejaculation.
"Oh God... I'm cuming inside you!" Gareth moaned as his cock emptied his balls into her. Each load made his cock shudder with both the power of his ejaculations and the sheer volume of hot gunk he was throwing up through his dick. This had been a long and lusty fuck, and Gareth had a lot of cum to give normally; he was going to fucking drown her in spunk. "Take it! Fucking take it all, you beautiful, talented slut!"
"YES! GIVE IT TO ME! I WANT IT!" Dani moaned with delight as she felt heavy load after hot, heavy load pump into her. Cum was squirting out all over his lap; thick globs running down his legs and balls. The carpet was being soaked in their fluids, as Gareth pumped more and more of his thick cum into this beautiful woman. She moaned as heavy ejaculations splashed against the inside of her pussy. She moaned as she felt her body shudder with the force of his cum. After so long a fuck Dani was in heaven to feel this young man cum inside her. It was everything she had wanted, everything she had imagined, and more.
"So fucking good!" Gareth moaned as he felt his cum being pumped up from his balls. This was all he had dreamed it would feel; his cock throbbing with the immense load this lusty hours long fuck had conjured up; thick virile fluid gushing out of the tip of his cock to spray all over Dani's cervix. Gareth imagined his heavy, potent loads soaking through to seep into her fertile womb. It didn't matter if she was on the pill; he knew his cum was potent as fuck! "So fucking good..."
Through the pounding pleasure of her orgasm Dani regarded this handsome young man who had fucked her so good for so long. Each time his heavy ejaculations splashed against her cervix she felt an explosion of intense euphoria that spread through her in successive tsunami waves. It consumed her again and again, until it felt to Dani that she would never stop cuming; that there would always be this incredible feeling of pleasure coursing through her whole body.
Yet eventually, after what seemed like an age, her orgasm slowly faded away; only Gareth was still pumping his spunk up into her. With her eyes widening in surprise, Dani released his hand to support herself against the carpet. Looking down in shock at the thick gunk now gushing out of their combined organs.
"Holy shit! Gareth! You can CUM!" She said as she watched his thick cock throb with each load of spunk he was pumping into her. Not even Jake had ever filled her with so much cum, and he came twice as much as Brad (the father of her child) had in that van all those years ago! "Jesus! Are you ever going to stop?"
"Maybe?" Gareth smirked as he revelled in the incredible feeling of emptying his heavy balls in this horny woman. He normally came a lot, but they had been fucking for so long even his huge loads were being put to shame by this cum. Thick gunk was soaking into the plush carpet under their sweaty asses. His cock shuddered with each blast of liquid that shot up through his length. Thick white goo was squirting out all over their skin; covering their thighs and stomachs as his cock ejaculated into her with such force all the cum already in there was being pushed out. "Oh God... I don't think I'm gonna stop!" He gripped her thighs as he pumped load after load into her tight pussy.
"Oh fuck, Gareth! Don't stop!" Dani gasped. This felt too good! The power of his ejaculations were hitting her cervix with such force that she was going to-
-cum again! "OH MY GOD! GARETH!!!!" Her head snapped back as another explosion of such intense pleasure that her eyes lost focused happened within her cum-soaked pussy. Dani could not believe this man had just made her cum with the sheer force of his ejaculations! How was it even possible? "I'M CUMING! FUCK! YOU'RE MAKING ME CUM WITH YOUR CUM!!!"
Gareth was loving this: as his cock continued to blast her insides he watched Dani be wrecked by another orgasm. One triggered by his heavy loads. She was not the first woman to find out his powerful ejaculations could tip a post-orgasm pussy back into orgasmville, but Dani was a sight to behold with her head back and tits thrust out for him to admire as his cock spewed its last jets of hot gunk up into her.
Finally, after what seemed like ten minutes (although it was most definitely much shorter than that) both lovers finally stopped cuming. Dani pulled her head back down to look at Gareth, and smiled when she saw him just as hot and sweaty as she was. He looked proud of himself: and so he should! He had just fucked her into five orgasms, and she had given him one for the ages!
This was definitely a night both of them would remember for a long time, and it had only just begun: it was only the early hours of the morning; there would be plenty more fucking to come.
In fact Gareth wasted no time before pulling Dani close and, with strength that astonished her considering how hard he had just cum, lifted her up with him as he wobbled to his feet. With her still riding his cock (which had, to her complete lack of surprise, stayed rock hard), Dani held on tight as he carried her over to the wall. The impact of the cold wall against her back knocked the wind from her lungs, and the ferocity that Gareth began fucking her with didn't let her catch a breath for several moments.
"Oh fuck! We're wasting no time... fuck... are we?!?" Dani gasped as she held on tightly to his broad shoulders, as Gareth plunged his cock up into her well-fucked pussy. Thick globs of cum squirted out with the speed and power of his dick. Dripping onto the carpet by his feet. "Are you gonna hold out on me again... oof... Gareth?"
"Fuck no!" Gareth gasped as he fucked her against the wall. "I've made my memory... let's cum together... every time..."
"Oh fuck yes! Cum with me... cum with me Gareth!" Dani moaned as she wrapped her shapely legs around his waist. His cock was pistoning up deep into her. Hitting her cervix like he had all night so far. "Hmmm... oh fuck... oh you're not going to have to wait long... you're fucking me so good... hmmm... gonna cum for you soon, Gareth... gonna cum soon... you gonna cum with me? Gonna cum with me, Gareth?"
"Hell yes!" Gareth gasped. She wasn't a heavy woman, but his arms were still tired from all the hard fucking they had been doing so far, and he was struggling to hold her against the wall as he fucked the shit out of her again. Thankfully she wasn't going to take too long before cuming, and neither was Gareth. True to his word he had no interest in holding back this time; it wouldn't be too long before he was filling her with his cum once again.
"Oh, I love this... I love us having sex... hmmm... you feel so good inside me," Dani gripped the back of his head and mashed her lips to his. Their tongues fought as they fucked against the cold wall. Gareth's cock slamming up into her; driven by his need to make this woman cum again. "I love our fucking... I love how good you feel inside me... so hard... so fucking hard... oh fuck... stay in me forever... don't ever stop fucking me, Gareth... don't ever stop..."
Gareth had no plans to: he was intoxicated by the feel of Dani's pussy clamping hard around his thick cock. The way it sucked at his length each time he bucked his hips away from her. How all the thick gunk he had filled her with earlier oozed around his invading rod each time Gareth plunged it up into her fertile depths. There was no way he was going to stop fucking Dani now. A hurricane could level the building around them and he would still be pumping his thick cock up into her. Jake could wake up and there wasn't a damn thing he could do to stop Gareth fucking his girlfriend.
Her ass slammed against the wall so hard Dani felt sorry for whoever was in the room beyond.
*****
She needn't be. While Dani enjoyed Gareth's cock for the second time, and Jade and Frank had just rolled off the bed and onto the floor for their own round four (Frank hadn't held out on his cum like Gareth had); in the room on the other side of the one Dani, Gareth and Jake shared two women were enjoying their third fuck of the evening.
Sarah McAllister had always fancied Harvinder Kumar, but they had both been too unsure to approach each other. What if all those smiles, and casual glances, and opportunities to touch her hand, or brush against her body while passing each other in the office, or standing a little too close while in a crowded elevator; what if all those signs and signals were in her head?
Both of them had been too unsure the other was into them (or even gay) to make a move.
Until the office had descended into chaos as everyone heard the strike was back on. With all of their co-workers frantically trying to escape the city before everything shut down, Sarah decided to rent a room for the evening instead. She was tired after a long day's work, and had no energy to fight to get on the last train, or the crowded buses.
By happenstance she bumped into Harvinder in the hotel lobby, and out of shock invited her to share the room.
Harvinder was only too happy to. What if tonight was the chance she could finally confess how she felt to Sarah? The dark-haired and dark-eyed Indian beauty had lusted for the sweet, blonde Irish-American for so long she was about to explode-
-and explode she did, when Harvinder had forgotten (honestly forgotten) to lock the bathroom door and Sarah had walked in, believing Harvinder had gone downstairs to talk to reception, to discover instead that the other woman was half-way through taking a shower.
They had both froze: looking at each other in shock. Harvinder was naked in the shower. Sarah had her top off, expecting to have a shower herself.
Harvinder had grabbed Sarah and pulled her in under the water. Kissing her passionately.
Sarah had practically torn her clothes off, and in moments they were finger-fucking each other under the running water.
It had been five hours: they had fucked and cum and fucked and cum and neither of them had any interest in slowing down. As Sarah held Harvinder against the wall, her hand partially up in the Indian stunner's moist cunt, while Harvinder had a hand around Sarah's tit, the two women paused when the sounds of sex on the other side of the wall made them both grin.
"Someone's having a good time," Harvinder said.
"Not as good as the time we're having," Sarah said in her thick west coast accent, and pressed her lips to Harvinder again.
To each their own.
*****
Meanwhile, on the other side of the wall, Dani Cohen was getting mercilessly fucked by a guy who wasn't her boyfriend.
Not that Jake would be a boyfriend for much longer: as Dani bounced gleefully on Gareth's hot cock she was already thinking about tomorrow. There was no way she was going to keep her hot sex with Gareth a secret; she wasn't going to keep this a covert affair. She wanted to be with him, be with Gareth proper. Gripping the back of the man's head as she bounced on his cock, as they fucked furiously against the wall, Dani looked right at Gareth. "Wanna be my boyfriend?"
Gareth smiled the smug smile of a man who knows he's just out-fucked another man and, with superior bedroom prowess (and having the advantage of not being a cunt), stolen his girl right from under his nose. "Are you going to dump him?" He said, not even bothering to so much as jerk his head in the direction of where Jake was sleeping.
"Tomorrow," she said. Her eyes blazed with determination. "I'll dump him tomorrow. Tonight we fuck. Fuck me all night, Gareth."
"I'll fuck you all night," he said, "and tomorrow. I want you to break up with him pumped full of my cum."
"Hmmm..." Dani moaned; the thought was fucking hot! She knew then what she would do the moment she returned to Jake with her pussy full of Gareth's cum. Something she had wanted to do to Jake the moment he pulled off his mask and revealed who he truly was beneath that visage of a caring, loving boyfriend. The man was a manipulative dick, and Dani wanted to manipulate him back. "Tonight... and tomorrow... fuck me for a night and a day, Gareth... pump me full of all this hot cum of yours again and again... make me feel good... real fucking good... oh I want to feel full of your cum, Gareth."
"Have I not pumped you full enough?"
She laughed. He certainly had! No one had filled her with so much cum, and here he was now fucking her with the intent to fill her up with more cum! Dani couldn't believe they were going to fuck all night and tomorrow, and Gareth was going to cum and cum until she was packed full of his spunk! She was going to inflate like a balloon and pop with all the hot cum Gareth was going to pump into her over the next twenty-four hours, Dani was sure!
Fuck! He might even get her pregnant! Again!
Bracing herself against the wall, Dani allowed her legs to slowly drop to the floor; although he was taller than her Gareth didn't have to adjust his posture by much to keep pace as Dani stood on her toes. Her hands found his and brought them up above her head; holding them against the wall; this new position bringing his body against hers. His chest pressed against her breasts, the fake tits squeezed between their sweaty bodies as Gareth pumped his cock deep and hard.
Their lips connected; tongues entwining as they moaned deeply and passionately; his organ a furious battering ram as Gareth continued to plunge it up deep into her. Thick white gunk oozed out all over the carpet by their feet. Staining the fabric with his potent seed.
"Oh fuck.. Gareth... I love this..." Dani moaned. "I love your cock... I love how you fuck me... I love our sex... I love..." As her voice trailed off Dani's eyes opened, as her thoughts connected as Gareth's thrusting became more frantic; his orgasm was obviously fast approaching, and Dani's was too. They were going to cum together; it couldn't have been more than fifteen minutes after they had just fucked each other to a glorious shared cum; maybe twenty minutes, tops.
Gareth looked right back at Dani. His heart was beating so fast, and it wasn't just because this fuck was so fast and sexy, and it wasn't because he was minutes away from cuming again after he had well and truly flooded her pussy with his spunk. It was because he knew what she was going to say, because he wanted to say it too.
"I love you..." Dani whispered.
It was crazy: they had only known each other for a few months, and had spent most of that as just friends - just work colleagues - but Gareth felt the same way. There was a connection there between them that he had never felt with a woman before, and he was eager to throw himself in and see where this relationship led.
Kissing her passionately, Gareth briefly broke contact to whisper back: "I love you too."
"Then cum with me," Dani said. "Cum with me always."
"I will," Gareth gasped. "Every time you cum you'll be taking my cum!"
Dani moaned at the thought of that: she wanted to cum so much tonight, and to think that her pussy would be taking Gareth's loads each time she came! "Then cum with me, Gareth! Oh fuck! Cum with me! Pump me full of your gorgeous seed! Oh fuck... hmmm... fuck... I want your cum in me, Gareth... I've never wanted a man to cum in me so badly... fill me up, Gareth... fill my hot pussy with your thick, sperm-filled cum! Don't let the pull stop you, Gareth! I know you can get me knocked up with your hot cum!" Her eyes were locked on his eyes as she purred her talk of cuming inside and knocking her up.
Gareth was pumping away like a madman; completely entranced by what this horny woman was saying to him, as he held her arms above their heads and pistoned his big, thick cock into a pussy already drowning in his seed - and she wanted more?!? Gareth was very much in love.
"PLEASE! PLEASE FUCK ME! FUCK ME AND CUM WITH ME!" Dani moaned as she felt her next orgasm grow within her. Oh this was going to be another mind-melter, and Dani was here for it! "OH FUCK! DON'T STOP! PLEASE! DON'T STOP FUCKING ME, GARETH! DON'T... PLEASE! OH FUCK! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! I LOVE YOU! I LOVE YOU! FUCK!!!"
"FUCK! I LOVE YOU TOO!" Gareth echoed as he rammed his cock balls-deep into her. Their fingers clenched all around each other, held above their heads, as Gareth's head dropped back as he felt another hot load of cum travel up his cock. It had barely been twenty minutes but this lusty fuck had churned up a fresh batch of cum for Dani, and Gareth clenched as he emptied those balls into her for the second time tonight.
"OH GOD!" Dani moaned, her head held fast to the wall as she felt Gareth pump load after hot thick load into her, as her own orgasm triggered. Waves of pleasure coursed through her, timed with his ejaculations in a way that was simply indescribable. If it weren't for his hands holding hers above their heads Dani would have collapsed to the floor; her legs felt like jelly as she came hard with how good Gareth was making her feel. She felt the power of his ejaculations as hot jets of his virile spunk sloshed around inside her. A veritable waterfall of cum gushed out of her onto the carpet by their feet. Just like last time Gareth pumped a staggering amount of cum; and her mind reeled at the capacity of this man's balls.
"Oh fuck..." she moaned in pleasure as Gareth filled her up for the second time tonight. "You're gonna drown me in cum, aren't you?"
Gareth grinned smugly as he kissed her. "Don't worry," he said. "I know mouth-to-mouth."
"Hmmm... that you do..." Dani purred as she led Gareth away from the wall to lean against the chest of drawers that Jake had fucked her against hours earlier. Only this time it was going to be Gareth who would fuck her, and fuck her better than Jake ever could.
Dani's mind was made up: she was going to fuck this gorgeous man every day, in every way a woman could fuck a man, and when they weren't fucking Dani wanted to live with Gareth as girlfriend and boyfriend; the life that Jake had promised her three years ago, and then slowly reduced to a sick mockery of a loving relationship.
Tomorrow she would deal with Jake, but tonight she and Gareth were going to fuck.
And holy shit did they...
While Gareth was not as big as Jake he more than made up for it with skill and sexual prowess; Dani's orgasm came hard and fast, and she wrapped her legs around his waist and screamed into his mouth as Gareth filled her with more cum. His heavy and powerful ejaculations sloshing in a pussy already filled to overflowing with his seed, but that didn't stop Gareth unloading his huge and heavy balls into her for the third time this evening.
Much more was to cum: true to his promise, every time Dani came Gareth came too, and the horny lovers came fast and frequently all throughout the night. Both of them obsessed with the act of making each other orgasm, as if making up for all the months they could have spent in bed fucking. Gareth made no effort to hold back or show off his dick control; more than eager to cum with Dani every time she threw back her head and moaned with how good her orgasms were with this meaty eight inch rod of Gareth's.
They fucked again on the drawers, hammering away at each other until the furniture was on the verge of collapsing (and no doubt had made quite the damage into the wall, behind which Sarah and Harvinder were still fucking); cum dripped down the wooden drawers as both of them moaned in mutual ecstasy, before Gareth carried Dani to the wardrobe and slammed her into the doors. Pounding away with his cock, causing the whole structure to shake with the fury of his aggressive fucking, until something broke in the doors as he slammed his cock deep and blasted her insides, as Dani came all over his hard cock; her fingers digging into his back as her eyesight blacked out once again.
Slamming her against one wall after another, Gareth fucked his stunningly hot colleague until they both came over and over; their orgasms cuming so hard and fast that it seemed to Dani she had barely recovered from the last one before Gareth made her cum again, and while he did not manage to fill her up as much as he had the first time each time Gareth came he plastered her insides with thick layers of his hot spunk; his ejaculations powerful enough to keep her own orgasms going as long as his. Just as often as Dani was pressing her fake tits tight against Gareth she found herself face-first against the wall, as Gareth pinned her against the surface and fucked her ruthlessly from behind; all Dani could do was moan and scream and take it as the man she had spent months pretending she didn't fancy fucked her into orgasm after orgasm.
With her ass growing sore from the abuse their sex romp was causing, Dani convinced him to hold her above the bed where Jake was, by a miracle, still soundly asleep. With her arms held back within Gareth's firm grip, Dani looked down at her (current) boyfriend as her future lover mercilessly fucked her from behind. With Gareth's cock pistoning deep into her cum-sloshing cunt, Dani grinned savagely at Jake's sleeping features.
"Sleep well... hugh... you cunt... oh fuck!" Dani moaned as she rocked violently back and forth with how aggressively Gareth was slamming his cock into her. "Tomorrow we'll... ah... talk... oh God... talk about... how much of a... HMMMM... cunt you are... I... hugh... never wanted to... ah! Never... move to that... hmmm... place... you only wanted to... kill my love... my... hugh... art..."
Jake slept on, unaware of what Dani was saying to him. Lost in strange dreams fuelled by the sounds of lust-fuelled sex filtering through into his subconscious.
"Why did you... hmmm... do this to me...?" Dani said, genuinely confused. "I thought you were a... hmmm... good man... ah!"
No answer came, but Dani did. Closing her eyes as Gareth's cock erupted inside her once more and covering her insides with his potent seed. Turning around she leapt into his arms - her dear boyfriend and his issues forgotten - and Dani continued to fuck Gareth with a passion few other women had shown their lovers in this city; Gareth holding her right there by Jake's beside. Her ass bouncing on his dick and balls, her arms tight around his shoulders and her lips fastened to his, until Gareth held her tight on his cock as it erupted up into her.
Collapsing back against the window, Gareth slid down as Dani ruthlessly fucked him; both of her hands leaving sweaty trails on the glass as she threw her body against his again and again, her fake tits slamming against his chest as she took his huge dick with unrestrainted passion. As his ass hit the carpet Dani clutched him tightly, slamming her hips down onto his hard enough to crack the window.
Their bodies entwined, slick with sweat and cum, as they rolled from position to position all on the plush carpeted floor. Gareth pinned Dani to the ground and fucked her silly as often as she rolled him over and straddled his muscular thighs; taking his hard cock until she moaned with pleasure, and Gareth fired blasts of his gunk up into her. Soon the carpet was stained with their fucking, and they dragged each other into the bathroom to continue their romp.
As Gareth and Dani retreated into the bathroom, leaving the door wide open (for Jake hadn't so much as twitched throughout the many hours of intense sex right next to him), in the rooms either side Jade, Frank, Sarah and Harvinder also continued their own romps. Their lusts raging fiercely despite the hours ticking by into the early morning night.
But they weren't the only ones indulging themselves in seemingly endless carnal sins: in rooms elsewhere couples were finally free to release their passions. Women cheated on their boyfriends while men cheated on their girlfriends; hooking up with work colleagues that they've lusted over for months, even years, while others had taken the cute barista at their local Starbucks to one of the many rooms in the hotel and were now in the fifth hour of intense sex.
But it wasn't just this hotel: all across the city couplings were happening, as the shutdown gave people the perfect chance to avoid going home to their partners; the perfect chance to finally get with that special someone they had lusted for, and been lusted by, for months, even years.
Tonight Coytoss was buzzing with the energy a thousand acts of hot cheating sex...
(Although, to be fair, there was also a lot of non-cheating sex going on as well.)
Dani and Gareth continued their sex unaware of all of this.
It would be a long time before the shower was eventually turned on, and by that point the two were dripping with sweat; Dani oozing cum from her pussy, and Gareth's thick cock was covered in fluids (both his and hers). They spent a long while washing themselves down, taking the time to explore their bodies with slow, sensual movements of their hands; kissing each other tenderly as boyfriend and girlfriend would, until, with great regret, they stepped out of the shower.
"Jesus Christ!" Gareth said, still breathing deeply despite their sex having turned sensual for the last half-hour or so. "Is it always going to be like this between us?"
"What's the matter, can't keep up?" Dani smirked. "I thought you youngsters had stamina?"
Gareth smiled. "Look, I'd love to fuck you sore, old woman, but I should go," he said, noticing the dawn light creeping through the windows of the hotel room, the bathroom door having been left open in their haste to come inside (and cum inside). "I don't think sleeping beauty will remain so for much longer. It'll be easier for us if I'm not here when he wakes up."
Dani nodded. "Yeah... you're right." Kissing him on the cheek, she mimed holding a phone to her head. "Call me when you're in the office."
"Sure," Gareth said. Collecting his clothes, he dressed himself, all the while eyeing Jake with a cautious regard, before, with one final glance at Dani, hurried out of the room.
Wrapping a towel around her waist - leaving her torso naked - Dani sat on the sofa and looked at Jake. Expecting to stare at him for a creepily long time, she vastly overestimated her stamina, and in moments had drifted off to sleep.
It was the sound of the shower running that woke her: Dani groggily looked through the open door of the bathroom to see Jake's huge form through the frosted glass of the shower door. The room was illuminated by natural light, and checking her phone Dani realised it was almost eight in the morning. It had been almost six when Gareth had left. She wondered if he was now at the Blue Ball office waiting for her, or maybe he had fallen asleep too; tired out by their ruthless all-night sex marathon.
Stepping out of the shower, Jake saw her on the sofa, smiled, and walked over to her, naked in all his revoltingly handsome glory. Dani watched small drops of water roll down his pecs, and she mentally chastised her (cum-filled) pussy for getting all revved up again - wasn't it satisfied after fucking *hours* of sex with Gareth?
"Where is he?" Jake said.
"He left last night," Dani lied. "Just after you fell asleep. Said you're one sick fuck."
Jake looked at her. His eyes searched her features for any hint that she was lying to him. Dani stared back, her face carefully controlled.
"Huh," Jake said. "What a fucking pussy. Don't know what you see in him."
"Why are you like this?"
He paused - about to retrieve his clothes from where he had thrown them aside hours earlier - and gave her a look she couldn't decipher, before rising to stand there, naked in all his muscular glory (and Dani, despite all that he had done, couldn't help notice his huge cock was suffering an obviously painful case of morning wood), regarding her with his smug grin that she now found so fucking patronising. "Why am I like what?" He said casually.
"Why are you such a fucking piece of shit," she said. Not what she was originally thinking, but his deflection via smug arrogance evaporated that sliver of sympathy she had felt for the man.
He took two steps towards her; enough to cover the distance between the bed and the sofa. He picked her up by the hips and pressed his mammoth erection against her flat stomach. Her bare breasts pressed hard against that damp, muscular chest of his. Her pussy did a backflip.
"You seem to like it," Jake said, with all the arrogance of a man who knows what he says to be true. Reaching down between them he tore off the towel she had wrapped around her waist, and tossed it aside.
With them both standing there naked, alone in the hotel room, Dani felt her heart racing. She tried to think of Gareth, and all the hot sex they had had hours earlier, but with Jake standing all naked and hard before her all she could think about was how Jake's colossal cock felt inside her. How he could make her cum. How he could fill her with copious amounts of his hot seed.
Seeing her expression Jake smiled and picked her up by the hips, stepping forward onto the sofa he planted her on the back and spread her legs wide. Dani knew the look she was giving him was one of absolute loathing and absolute lust, for his smug grin only grew in smugness as Jake guided his cock into her with a hand, while his other hand gripped the back of her head; fingers entwined in her wet hair, and he quickly began giving her his cock with hard, fast strokes.
"You're such a dirty whore," he said, grinning as he thrusted. "You've still got all of my cum in your tight cunt."
Dani didn't think to correct him.
Though at that moment an idea formed... one that would bear sordid fruit later.
Right now Dani felt she would be cuming soon: Jake was fucking her with the same ferocious intensity that he had displayed when he had fucked her in front of Gareth. Nothing was said: the two 'lovers' fucked each other on that sofa in silence, save for the moans and grunts of them as they moved from position to position. Dani rode Jake into the sofa, as he gripped her tits, giving them painfully hard squeezes as she snarled down at him. Then Jake tossed her over and fucked her into the sofa, making the furniture shake violently with the force of his thrusts.
All throughout this sordid fuck neither of them said a word to each other. What could be said? Jake knew Dani now hated him, but he also knew she could never leave him: their sex was too good. Dani knew this, and she hated him even more as, sitting on the sofa cushion, she leaned back, arms behind her on the arm, Jake a sordid mirror to her, as they slammed their hips into each other like she had done with Gareth hours earlier, in another lifetime.
Jake's smug grin was now revoltingly triumphant, as he watched Dani cum on his cock after an hour of ferocious sofa-fucking. Her expression, and this fuck, finally pushed him over the edge, and Jake unloaded huge globs of his hot, potent gunk into his girlfriend-
-who was looking at him with a look that he could not understand.
Was that... relief?
It was. As Dani came she realised that the mind-numbing orgasms Jake had given her in their relationship paled in comparison to the feeling that Gareth could give her when they fucked, and as she felt Jake's heavy loads slosh around inside her she smiled as she compared the feeling to when Gareth soaked her pussy in much more cum.
She didn't tell this to Jake, of course. Not yet. She wanted to spend a day with Gareth first. She wanted to give Jake a present this smug cunt would never forget.
"What's that look for?" Jake said, frustrated, when he blasted her insides with his final shot.
Dani just smiled sweetly.
Thoroughly weirded out by her, Jake detached himself and stood up. Despite his cock being all hard and ready for more, he had plans for today: "I'm heading back to the house," he told her as he scavenged his clothes. Tossed aside last night in another lifetime.
"Aren't the trains still on strike until this afternoon?"
"I'll take an Uber," Jake said. "Should be low demand with everyone going back to the office."
"Hmmm... isn't Felicity home alone today?" Dani said, still smiling sweetly.
Jake looked at her, then decided there was no use lying anymore. "Yes," he said.
"Will she sign on the dotted line today if you give her a good fucking?"
"Yes," Jake said. "I take it you'll be working at the office today?"
His tone told Dani that he thoroughly expected her to spend all day drawing, while he spent all day fucking he woman he had been courting to be a client for his firm. Well... if Jake wanted to spend all day cheating on her, then it would only be fair...
"Of course," Dani said. "I have work to do. You have work to do. Let's keep out of each other's ways, eh?"
"Lets," Jake said, not sure how to interpret his girlfriend's new demeanour. Picking up the bag he carried his work in, Jake regarded her: Dani still lounged on the sofa, naked and sweaty, with his cum oozing out of her. Her grey eyes looking back at him with a coolness that hadn't been on her face the night before. What had he missed? She couldn't have fucked Gareth: Jake was sure he'd wake up if those two had got it on last night.
Whatever; he had a client to seduce. One more affluent whale for his bosses to talk about next time they all went golfing. This little side-project of his was getting annoying anyway: the skinny ex-druggie trying to keep clean was turning into a strong-willed woman with remarkable talent. Jake didn't think he could control her much longer. Such a shame: there was something about Danielle Cohen that really lit a fire in Jake that no bitch had before.
"Goodbye darling," Dani said, smiling sweetly after a few moments of Jake standing there, his expression confused; she could practically hear the gears in his mind whirring. "Do give Felicity my regards."
Jake grunted. "I'll see you at dinner," he said. "Don't be late. I'm cooking lasagna."
Dani took a shower after Jake left; soaking herself nicely and cleaning out his cum from inside her, not wanting to give Gareth a call until she was sure Jake had left the building (and most of Coytoss, on the safe side). Eventually, though, she felt safe enough to search her bag for her phone. Luckily there was just enough juice left for a quick call before she needed to charge it a bit for the journey over to the offices.
He picked up on the first ring. "Miss me?" She purred.
"Get over here, Dani."
He sounded excited. "What's happened?"
"I'm at the office," Gareth said. "There's no one here."
"Well if everyone working from home we could-"
"Remember that fantasy I told you about?"
Dani's smile grew.
*****
When Dani walked through the reception to find no one behind the desk her grin only grew wider. The halls leading to the open-plan offices were empty: the glass windows looking into the rooms where, on a normal day, dozens of people would be highly animated talking about... well... animation... all those rooms were empty, and when Dani entered the main office on the first floor she saw him at her desk, waving to her from across the empty room.
"Where *is* everyone?" Dani said to him when she got there, dropping her back on the chair beside him and quickly plugging her phone in to charge. "The trains are back to normal, right?"
Gareth shook his head. "Nah, they're fucked. There's like one every hour from the platform at Central, otherwise..." he spread his hands in a 'what are you going to do?' kind of way. "Checked my email: everyone's WFH today. Well... most people... saw a couple of the animators up on the floor above... said they had to come in to finish some rendering... otherwise most of the building is a fucking ghost town."
"I like it," Dani said, grinning. "It's like we've got this whole floor to ourselves." She leaned in a little closer, her eyes alight. "So... about last night..."
"I enjoyed it..." Gareth grinned. "How about you?"
"I haven't fucked anyone like that since Brad," Dani said. Referring, of course, to the father of her child and the wild romp in the back of his van.
"Was I better than Brad?" Gareth said, leaning his chin on his palm as he smiled confidently at her. He knew exactly what her answer would be.
He didn't expect the kiss. One that went on a little longer than he thought it would, until it was obvious neither of them wanted to stop. Their lips danced against each other: their tongues were wrapped up and wrestling. Deep moans escaping them as Dani climbed onto Gareth's seat.
"Here?" He said, feigning surprise.
Dani nodded. "Here... we've got the whole floor to ourselves... just like your fantasy..."
"But... Dani... cameras..." Gareth said as his hands explored her ass.
"Then let's give them a show..." She said, as she pulled her t-shirt up over her head. Unclipping her bra she cast it aside and pressed Gareth's head between her tits. Moaning as she felt his wet, warm lips against her skin. "Let's give them a show for the ages..."
And they did just that.
Within less than a minute they had torn off each other's clothes, and Dani moaned and gasped as she rode Gareth on the office chair. Her shapely ass slapping hard against his thighs as she took his huge cock good and hard, like she had done so many times the night before. Gareth bit and sucked at her fake tits as Dani held him close to her, and he held them in his hands when she leaned back and rocked her body; the chair groaning and squeaking in protest as these two horny lovers fucked furiously on top of it. Their fingers interlocked as Dani used his arms to hold herself steady as she bounced on his dick, moaning how much she loved his cock, until Gareth's head snapped back against the chair, his arms clenched her curvaceous buttocks, and pumped a huge volume of his thick cum up into her horny, needy pussy. Filling the office with the sounds of shared orgasms.
Grinning at her lover, Dani swept aside keyboards and mice to give them room on the desk, as Gareth crawled on top to hammer away at her; the force of their fucking shaking the desk, the expensive monitors swaying violently on their articulated arms. Gareth hammered his huge dick into her needy cunt until he slammed it deep, filling her with thick gunk as she wrapped her legs around his waist and held him tightly.
Rolling him over, sending her keyboard and mice flying, Dani rode him on the desk; her pale thighs keeping her pussy bouncing so hard on his raging pole the whole desk shuddered with the force of their fucking until it seemed like it would collapse beneath their lust. Sitting up Gareth wrapped his lips around her fake tits, sucking on them as she rode him furiously into a huge cum that saw her lean back on his legs, her hair falling all the way to the carpeted floor, moaning for an age as she felt his huge loads splash around inside her.
They both came and came: neither of them holding back from their pleasures, and neither of them looking to prove anything to the other regarding stamina or such. No, Dani and Gareth fucked to cum, and they did so on one desk after another; bouncing on one chair then another. Dani wrapped her arms around Gareth's shoulders, pulling his lips to hers as she screamed with how good he made her feel each time she came all over his cock.
Beneath the desks they fucked spooning, and facing; Gareth wrapping his legs between hers as he pistoned his dick. Holding her tits tightly as he pumped his cum deep into her. Kissing her long, pale neck until Dani held his head in her hands and shoved her tongue down his throat, before moving a lot further down to take his huge cock in her mouth. Blowing him underneath the desks, sucking his huge cock until she felt hot gunk splash the back of her throat.
Picking her up in his arms Gareth bounced Dani on his dick as he carried her across the office, kicking open the door to the meeting room and throwing her onto the large desk where, on any other day, dozens of their colleagues would be seated around discussing upcoming projects.
Today the only thing 'upcoming' was Gareth... 'cuming up' Dani as she rode him on that huge desk, clutching her tits as she passionately bounced on his dick for the umpteenth time that day. She rode him reverse cowgirl, and Gareth slapped her shapely ass she rocked her hips, gyrating on his cock to keep his pleasure coming (and cuming). Gareth straddled her and pistoned that dick of his between her tits, as Dani squeezed them tightly either side of his rigid pole, until with a roar of pleasure Gareth spewed thick jets of creamy gunk all over Dani's face. She stuck out her tongue and lapped up the sperm, licking her lips as she eye-fucked the handsome stud.
For ages the two fucked around the meeting room; Dani rode Gareth on chair after chair, their sex seeing them change from position to position in their eagerness to keep this romp hot. They fucked on the table with both of them taking turns to be on top; cuming each time before shifting to a new position. They fucked side-by-side, spooning like they had done so many times before in the hotel room (often right beside Jake while he slept!) They fucked under the tables, giggling like a pair of lovers fresh from loosing their virginity to each other as Gareth filled Dani with his seed, and she came hard all over his cock.
Leading him by the hand, Dani practically skipped into the staff room, where she threw him on the sofa and rode him frantically into the cushions. Cuming hard all over his dick as Gareth held her by her soft thighs and spewed his thick loads up into her with such force that Dani swore he was blasting his cum straight into her fertile womb.
Turning her over Gareth ploughed her fast, slamming his cock home and driving her face into the cushions; making her moan hard and loud-
"Ahem."
They both stopped. Gareth stared at Amanda, who had taken a single step into the staff room; an ear bud held in her hand explaining how she had not heard the loud fucking happening in the room on her approach. Neither Gareth nor Dani moved: frozen in place as they looked at her.
Amanda gingerly approached the table in the centre of the staff room and picked up the bag on the surface - that neither Gareth or Dani had noticed. "Just picking up some presents I got for a friend's baby shower," Amanda said. Turning around she walked out just as gingerly (neither of the naked pair had moved a muscle throughout the whole event), only to pause at the doorway; a thumbs up extended towards them both. "Oh, and... er... FINALLY! Seriously, guys! We were all getting worried you two weren't gonna do the nasty!"
"Does this mean we're not fired?" Dani asked, her voice partially muffled by the sofa cushion.
"Fuck no," Amanda said. "Don't worry about making a mess: bodily fluids are in the contract for the cleaning staff. I'll see you both on Monday."
"Have a good one!" Gareth called out cheerfully as Amanda left.
"Bye Amanda!"
Hearing her reply fade as the woman walked away, the two grinned at each other, before they resumed their furious fucking.
The staff room saw much action, as Gareth fucked Dani on and against nearly everything: they made the vending machine shake as he held Dani against it and slammed his cock into her; bags of crips fell from their screws into the trough below as Dani clawed at the plastic window as her orgasm wracked her body, and Gareth spewed more cum up into her.
Pausing for a snack break, Dani and Gareth sat naked leaning against the vending machine, an array of free food opened around them. "We should do this more often," Dani said with a mouth full of crisps.
"The sex or shaking these machines?" Gareth replied between taking bites out of his Mars bar.
"Both."
"Both is good!"
And so the day went, and the two fucked all throughout the offices and the conference rooms, before, with a wide grin, Gareth led her up to the rooftop gardens. Finding the area just as empty as the offices below, the horny pair fucked on the astroturf between the raised flowerbeds. Their bodies glistened with sweat in the afternoon sun.
Holding her against one of the trees, Gareth pounded Dani silly as she clawed down his back; a fierce look on her face as she fucked back with equal strength and vigour. Legs wrapped tightly around his waist as his thick cock jackhammered her cum-filled pussy; squirting fluids all over the damn place as they fucked frantically. Her nails scored deep grooves into the bark as orgasm after orgasm hit, until Dani was practically hyperventilating.
Finally, after a whole day of sex, the two made it back down to where their clothes still lay near Dani's desk. As she pulled down her t-shirt Dani squealed as Gareth pulled her close, kissing her passionately (with a lot of tongue).
Eventually he stopped: "Don't go back to him," Gareth said. "Stay with me."
Dani placed a finger on his lips. "Let me deal with him tonight," she said. When Gareth made to speak she added: "I need to do this, Gareth. I need to confront my demons."
"I'm going to be honest, I don't get it."
"That's because you're not an addict," she said, giving him a kiss. "That's why I love you."
"Love you too... but if I don't hear from you by tomorrow morning I'm sending in the search party."
"My hero," Dani said, giving him a grin.
*****
"You're back."
Dani smiled sweetly at Jake as she walked into the kitchen, dropping her phone into the work bag as she observed that Jake had set the table for two. He really had faith she would come back to him, didn't he? "Smells wonderful," she said as she sat down.
"What happened to Gareth?" Jake said. "I figured you two would be spending some time after work with each other."
"He wasn't at work today," she lied. "How did it go today with Felicity?"
"She signed," Jake said. "She asked after you. Wanted to know how you were doing."
"What did you tell her?" Dani asked. He was so close to her now. Practically towering over her, but she held her ground. Allowed no fear to show; easily done, for she felt none towards him. He was a sad, pathetic figure to her now. Whatever had happened in Jacob Cook's life to make him such a hate-filled creature was truly tragic, but Dani herself had come from tragedy, and she did not allow it to cloud her view of the world and fill her heart with hate.
Jake gently caressed the line of her jaw, but not in the way of a lover regarding their loved one, but in the way a cattle owner might admire their favourite stock. "I told her you were busy," Jake said. "Busy working. I hope I wasn't lying to my new client."
"Of course not, babe," Dani said. Smiling sweetly at him. "It was a productive day for me too: I was practically the only one in the office. Got plenty of work done."
"I hope this means you won't be distracted this weekend," Jake said. "We've got a lot of work to do in the spare room."
Dani raised an eyebrow. It disgusted her that she immediately followed his train of thought. "I think we're getting ahead of ourselves, Jake," she said. "Before we make a room for the baby, we should make a baby..." Taking his hand, she gently pulled him out of the kitchen.
Jake smirked. "I guess last night made an impression on you."
"Hmmm... oh it did," she purred. He had no idea. "Let's go upstairs and celebrate your newest client. All that hard work of yours has paid off-"
His sudden movement - picking her up in his strong arms - caught her by surprise, but Dani recovered quickly: wrapping her legs around his waist and holding tightly to him, even planting an affectionate kiss on his lips (hiding her disgust well) as Jake carried her up the stairs and into their bedroom.
Throwing her down onto the bed, Jake knelt on the edge and began to untie her shoes, pulling both of them off and tossing them aside. The socks followed, then her skirt. As he paused to undress himself Dani removed her t-shirt, bra and panties; leaning over the side of the bed, she rummaged in the work bag she had dropped to one side when Jake threw her down. Taking out her phone and placing it on the bedside table, Dani retrieved what she had been looking for.
"How about we spice things up a little?" She said, holding up the pair of handcuffs.
Jake's smile grew a shade more sadistic. "Why not?" He said. She had been a most unruly little bitch, after all: he would enjoy making her beg for mercy all night after the shit she had pulled.
As he climbed across the bed to hold himself above her, Jake took the handcuffs from Dani. He took one of her slim wrists and attached one handcuff to the iron rail above her head, and was in the process of doing the same to her other wrist when she suddenly wrapped her legs around his waist and jerked her body.
It happened so fast: one moment Jake was an top, attaching the handcuffs to her wrist and the iron rail of the bedhead; then he felt her whole weight push against him, and in shock Jake did little to prevent the smaller woman from rolling him onto his back, with her coming along; Dani ending up on top of him. Her hands gripping his hands-
-which were now attached to the iron rail by the handcuffs.
"What? How the fuck?!?" Jake said, unable to comprehend how she had managed it.
Dani sat up straight. A smug grin on her face. "When you've been in handcuffs as often as I've been, Jake, you learn a thing or two about them..." Her hands travelled across his chest. "Now that I have your attention... I've got a confession to make..." Reaching down she gripped his hard cock and guided it up into her.
Jake immediately felt the warm fluids slopping around his thick shaft as she plunged it deep. "You BITCH!" He snarled. Arms straining at the handcuffs. "YOU FUCKING BIT-"
"YEAH! I'M A BITCH!" Dani grabbed his arms and held her face inches from his. "I FUCKED HIM, JAKE! I FUCKED HIM LAST NIGHT!" She lowered her face until she was almost touching his. Her eyes wide with fury and her lips twisted into a wicked grin. "AND I FUCKED HIM TODAY! I FUCKED HIM ALL DAY LONG! WE FUCKED EVERYWHERE IN THE OFFICE! HE CAME INSIDE ME SO MANY TIMES! CAN YOU FEEL IT? CAN YOU FEEL ALL OF HIS CUM?"
"YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT! YOU CUNT! YOU FUCKING WHORE!"
"FUCK YOU!" Dani spat. Straightening, she smirked down at him. "Take a good, long moment to feel it: that's seed from a real man up against your pathetic dick, Jake."
As she spoke Dani shifted her hips, using her pussy to slosh Gareth's sperm around Jake's big pole. The feeling of her lover's fluids moving between the insides of her pussy and Jake's cock was shockingly hot, and Dani couldn't help but get incredibly aroused by the whole situation.
"Gareth's ten times the man you will ever be!"
"WHORE! FUCKING CUNT!"
Back and forth she moved her hips; Dani took a great deal of satisfaction in Jake's vile, twisted expression as she used her pussy to rub Gareth's cum into the skin of Jake's cock. "Hmmm... you feel that, Jake? Feel that, baby? All that good, thick, virile cum soaking into your pitiful dick... do you feel it? Feel like a man now, Jake? You should: that's spunk from a real man, that is. Grade A masculinity. Proper Alpha shit, babe. Nothing like the rancid gunk you brew in those tiny balls of yours."
"FUCKING WHORE! I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU! YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT! I'LL TEAR THAT FUCKING LYING TONGUE FROM YOUR FUCKING MOUTH YOU CUNT WHORE!"
Slamming her hands down on the sheets beside his head, Dani brought her face an inch from his. Her eyes were wide with fury. "LIKE YOU COULD, YOU PATHETIC, WRETCHED LITTLE CUCK!"
"I'LL KILL YOU!" The veins in Jake's face were practically trying to burst through his skin.
Straightening again, rotating her hips to keep Gareth's cum sloshing around Jake's cock - rock hard despite how enraged he appeared to be as he strained against the handcuffs - Dani smirked at the man she thought she once loved. "What was I to you, Jake? A little project? I heard about all your previous girlfriends. You never spoke about them. I get it now: they were all druggies."
Jake didn't say anything, just glared up at her.
"I wasn't the first girl you picked up outside an addicts anonymous meeting, was I?" Dani said as she rotated her hips. It felt so fucking good to feel all that cum inside her moving around this thick, rock hard dick. "Do you get off on it? Preying on vulnerable women and controlling them? You couldn't stand the idea of me being successful, could you? That's why we moved out here - away from my friends and my art! You didn't want me to rely on anyone but you!"
"I gave you a life-"
"I HAD A LIFE!" Dani roared. "AND YOU TRIED TO TAKE IT AWAY FROM ME!"
"YOU WERE NOTHING!" Jake snarled back. "JUST A SAD, PATHETIC LITTLE CUNT!"
"You're the pathetic one," Dani said. "A sad, little man who needs to take everything away from a woman before he can feel safe. You just can't handle a woman who actually has her own goals in life. Who wants more than just... you... you're broken..." She leaned closer. His eyes were wide with fury. "What happened... did mummy not love you enough?"
His sudden motion forced her to jerk back in shock.
"I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU! YOU FUCKING WHORE! FUCKING CUNT WHORE PIECE OF SHIT! I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU! YOU CAN'T HIDE FROM ME, BITCH! ANYWHERE YOU GO I WILL FIND YOU! YOU CAN'T HIDE!"
Dani smiled as she climbed off of him. As Jake continued to hurl threats at her - his arms red with the strain of pulling the handcuffs - Dani casually reclothed herself, and when fully dressed picked up her phone from where it had been sitting, unnoticed on the bedside table. Holding it up in front of her, Dani spoke into it: "is that enough?"
"That should be plenty enough for a restraining order," Theo's voice sounded.
It took a moment to register with Jake, but when it finally clicked he began thrashing harder; the bed frame groaning with the strength of this man. "THEO, YOU FUCKING PIECE OF-"
"I would stop talking if I were you."
Jake immediately stopped at the sound of Ewa's voice.
"Mr Cook," Ewa Kowalska, Jake's boss at H&F, said, as if she somehow knew, from wherever she was currently, of the way Jake was lying there on the bed, slowly growing white with shock. "I've turned a blind eye to your questionable romantic involvements to date, but I will not tolerate such behaviour bleeding into your capacity to act as a distinguished member of H&F, nor will I tolerate such behaviour towards a client of our firm, as Miss Cohen is. I will see you in my office on Monday. Are we clear?"
Jake's mouth opened and closed. No sound came out. Dani almost laughed.
"Are we clear, Mr Cook?"
"Answer the boss lady, Jake," Theo said.
"Yes," Jake said.
"Louder please."
"We're clear, Ewa."
"Good. Now you're to allow Miss Cohen to leave the property tonight without incident, or our meeting on Monday will be regarding your resignation. Are we clear?"
"Yes, Ewa. I'm not going anywhere, anyway."
"Why is that?"
"I've handcuffed him to the bed," Dani answered for Jake.
There was a curious sound on the other end, like three people trying not to laugh. "Good call," Ewa said. Her voice betrayed her mirth. "I'll alert the police after you've left the property."
"What? You're going to leave me here until she leaves?" Jake bitched.
Dani shrugged. "Gives you plenty of time to consider your life choices, doesn't it?"
"Sounds like you bit off more than you can chew," Theo said through the phone.
Dani smiled in agreement: flashing Jake a grin as she grabbed her best clothes from inside the wardrobe. Grabbing one of the larger travel cases from underneath the bed Dani regarded Jake, laying there on the bed all chained up, and felt somewhat sorry for him.
"Thanks for the help, Theo, Mark," Dani said.
Mark Kent, Alex's husband and lawyer at H&F, spoke up for the first time: "No problem, Dani. You take care now."
"Take care, Dani," Theo said.
"Thanks guys," Dani said, hanging up. Still looking at Jake, she frowned when she saw a grin on his face. "What are you smiling about?"
"You're gonna miss me," Jake said. "After all this... you're gonna miss me."
"Is that what you think?" Now it was Dani's turn to smirk. "No Jake... I think you're going to miss me."
The look on his face told her she was right, and Dani knew she would remember that sight for the rest of her life.
God, it felt fucking great!
*****
"Dude, the dishes?" Harry said, pointing to the stacked plates still sitting unwashed in the sink of their shared house, as he looked across the open plan room to where Gareth was still sitting almost literally on the edge of his seat. Staring at his phone like had been doing all night.
"Yeah... in a moment..." Gareth said, not really listening.
Harry turned to Cathy, who was leaning against the counter dividing the two areas of the room with a half-eaten orange in her hand. She shrugged in reply to Harry's unspoken question.
"I'm not doing the washing up again!" Harry said. "I always do the washing up!" He looked at Cathy again. "Where's Matt?"
Cathy shrugged again. "Dunno. Probably abducted by aliens again."
The doorbell took all of them by surprise.
"That better be fucking Matt," Harry muttered as he strode out into the hallway.
It wasn't Matt on the doorstep, but a very attractive pale-skinned brunette.
"Erm... is Gareth here?" She said in a thick Eroshire accent.
Harry was about to reply when someone pushed past him. He watched as Gareth grabbed the woman's head and pulled her into a face-devouring kiss. A question had just about formed on his lips when the woman practically lept into Gareth's arms, and his housemate began carrying her up the stairs.
"Hi! You must be Dani!" Cathy said casually as she walked into the hallway to see Gareth and his mystery woman disappearing upstairs. Leaning on the bannisters she called up after the horny pair "don't worry about your luggage! We can bring that in for you!"
Harry sighed as he reached down and picked up one of the bags the woman had dropped when she kept into Gareth's arms. "Guess I'm doing the fucking dishes again."
*****
It was almost a full day when Dani stumbled down the stairs and fell onto the sofa. She turned a tired head to the woman sitting next to her as she heard Gareth stumble past and collapse into the chair beside. "Hey... you must be Cathy..."
Cathy grinned and held up the open pizza box that had been lying on the table in front. "Hey," she said. "Meat feast?"
"Fuck yes!" Dani moaned as she devoured the slice. A large bottle of water was held in front of her by a tall guy standing behind the sofa. "Oh God... you're a lifesaver... er..."
"Matt," Matt Stubbs said as he handed a second bottle to Gareth, who began drinking down the contents like he had been stranded in the desert for a year. "Jesus, Gareth!"
"We were worried you guys might never leave that room!" Cathy said, grinning.
"Yeah... I think we've got it out of our system," Gareth said.
"Definitely," Dani said, wincing as she shifted her posture. "I'm so fucking sore."
"Same!" Gareth said. "I don't think my dick works anymore..."
"Such a shame," Cathy said. Catching Gareth's eye she gestured with her own eyes to Dani.
Dani noticed the exchange as she down a second pizza slice. "What's this?"
"Oh... Cathy wants to know if you're bi," Gareth said, bemused.
Dani looked back at Cathy, then allowed her eyes to roam the full length of the hot brunette on the sofa beside her. "Hmm... tell you what," Dani said, smiling. "Let me get some feeling back in my pussy first, *then* we'll talk."
Gareth rolled his eyes. "What about you, Matt?" He jokingly said as his housemate sat down.
"Nah, I'm good mate."
Dani raised an eyebrow at Cathy.
"He's dating an alien," the other woman helpfully clarified.
Dani looked at her new boyfriend.
"Welcome to my world," Gareth said with both bemusement and resignation.
****
The sun was out in force, and the brass-coloured tiles of Tinto Square were dazzling. Dani had been living in his world for several weeks now, and as she walked with Gareth by her side to the meet-up with the two other men who had helped her secure this freedom, she clutched his hand tightly as she talked. "Question time!"
Gareth smiled. "OK," he said, used to her random acts of trivia now, "what's this one?"
"Coytoss is the fourth largest UK city by population, right? So what's the top three?"
He frowned in thought. "Well obviously London-"
"Nope!"
"What? Oh fuck... this is a 'gotcha' thing, isn't it?"
Dani grinned. "Only two parts of Greater London have 'city' status: Westminster and the City of London. Both of them are really tiny in population compared to Coytoss. Top three UK cities by population are Birmingham, Leeds, and Glasgow."
"Really? Glasgow? Fuck 'em..." Gareth muttered.
"I know," she sighed. "We need to get breeding here."
"I'm doing my part," Gareth said, smirking.
She gave him a bemused look. "You sure are," she muttered. Dani could had a pussy packed full of cum from their mini-marathon this morning. In fact she couldn't recall the last time she'd walked around town, or went to work, and *didn't* have Gareth's seed filling one of her holes.
Dani couldn't remember ever being this infatuated with a boyfriend before!
Gareth was also thinking about how hard he had fallen for Dani. It just felt right to be inside her tight pussy, pleasing her with his cock for hours on end.
However getting some fresh air occasionally would do them good - the room they now shared at the house was starting to stink of sex no matter how often they opened the windows, burned incense sticks, or used air fresheners.
Besides, the lawyers had offered to buy them lunch.
Speaking of the lawyers: Dani waved at Theo as she approached with Gareth in hand. "Hey!"
"Join us!" Theo said, gesturing at the two empty chairs at the table.
Mark Kent got up to pull a seat out for Dani, as Gareth took the seat next to Theo.
"How's everything?" Mark said as he sat down next to Dani. Alex's husband was a handsome man, of the movie-star-handsome variety; with a smile that warmed Dani's heart as well as sent shivers through her pussy (down girl!). "Hear you've been living with three guys and a girl."
"It's crowded," Dani admitted. She didn't mention the frequent threesomes with Cathy, who'd quickly become a great fuck-buddy for spicing up Gareth and Dani's sex life. In fact all they did these days when they weren't at work was fuck, so it was nice to be sitting out here in public for a change. "We need to find a place."
"'We'?" Theo said, giving Gareth a grin. Dani could see how the man scored so often: he had a smile that promised a wild night. She'd be lying if she said she wasn't interested.
Maybe another threesome?
"Definitely," Dani said, giving Gareth's hand a squeeze. "It's been an amazing few weeks. I've not had a chance to thank you two for everything you've done for me. I could never repay you... I mean that literally: I don't get paid anywhere near enough to afford you guys."
Mark made a dismissive wave, smiling at her. "Don't mention it. Alex is fond of you: that's all the reason I needed to help."
"Plus screwing Jake over," Theo added.
"That was a good feeling," Mark said. "Honestly when you called us that night and told us what you were planning I didn't think it would go down quite so sweetly."
Dani nodded, still recalling how hard her heart had been beating when she dialled the number on the way home from Myle Hye's station. It was the number Mark had called her on several weeks earlier, not long after she had given Alex her own number. He had promised to be there if she needed him, and that night Dani had needed both Mark and his friend, Theo; they both had delivered, securing a restraining order against Jake which meant he had not been seen for weeks now. It seemed Jacob Cook was well and truly out of her life.
"God, that was so much fun," Dani said. Grinning madly.
"I get worried about you when you get that look," Gareth said, not unkindly.
"You should have heard her!" Theo said, grinning.
"Don't piss this woman off," Mark said.
Gareth theatrically shuddered. "Oh God no! I've seen the crazy shit she draws!"
"Thanks, babe," Dani said, giving his shoulder a squeeze. "I'm glad I've installed the fear of me into you."
Grinning at each other like some love-sick teens, Gareth and Dani shared a kiss.
Mark gave his friend a look, which Theo returned; rolling his eyes as well.
"Glad you've moved on," Mark said. Giving Gareth a look, he added: "you seem like someone who isn't a total cunt: I'm sure you'll be good for Dani."
"That's probably the nicest thing anyone has ever said about me," Gareth said, smiling. "How is the bastard son of the devil these days?"
"Well and truly in the doghouse," Mark said. "As well as required to keep a mile away from this lovely lady at any given time."
"Thanks for that," Dani said. "I'm not scared of him anymore, but... it does help me sleep." The lights and noise of the city also helped: Dani had not had need to use sleeping pills since she had moved in with Gareth. A shame: they had certainly come in handy! Although now she thought of it: "Hey... Theo? Mind if I ask you a question?"
"Hmm?" Theo looked at her with those big green eyes over the menu as he pondered lunch.
"I used to be able to look at your family home from Jake's bedroom window," Dani said; seeing a strange look come over Theo's expression she pressed on: "Do you live there?"
"No," Theo said.
"He's got a place in Petty Moore," Mark said. "We walk to work together."
"Does anyone live there?" Dani said. "I kept seeing a light on in one of the bedrooms."
"That's worrying mate," Mark said. "Do you not have security in that place?"
"No one lives there," Theo explained. That odd look still in his eyes. "Mother moved out many years ago. She lives in Cunny-by-the-Sea, down the coast. The house is empty."
Dani was about to mention the light in the window, but the arrival of the waiter rendered that unspoken, and after a few minutes she forgot all about it; instead enjoying lunch with the men in her life who weren't total dickheads.
Halfway through his sandwich (a chunky chicken club) Mark made a sound and slapped Theo.
"What?" The taller man asked, putting down his baguette.
"Alex asked me to tell you that you should have given her a warning about your cousin before she hired her."
Dani swallowed. "Your cousin works at PC?"
"Er... yeah... Haley," Theo said. "Tall. Dark haired. Probably a little strange. Anyway, what's Alex's problem?"
"Mate, did you not hear what your cousin did?"
Theo blinked. "What did she do?" He asked. His voice was strangely flat.
Noticing Gareth and Dani avidly paying attention, Mark split his attention between all three of them as he explained that the head of Transport for Eroshire, a guy called Harold Fennick, had been having an affair with one of the barmaids at the Paradiso Costiero for a few months now. It was also an open secret that the head of the East England Transport Union, whose members also included TFE workers, another chap called Joe Regal, was also cheating on his partner with one of the PC barmaids.
"No one thought much about it until Harry and Joe went to Alex's nightclub for drinks after the talks went through," Mark said.
"Oh my God, they were both fucking Haley!" Dani said, grinning.
Theo had his head in his hands.
Mark nodded. "Of course! They realised when they both started flirting with her," Mark said. "It turns out they knew Haley had been seeing other guys, but she kept telling the both of them that they were the better lover. So naturally instead of being sensible and getting annoyed with her they decide to start a screaming match at each other right in the middle of PC, resulting in the two of them storming out to contact their staff and tear up the agreement they just signed."
"So the whole fucking debacle three weeks ago was because two guys got pissy they weren't the biggest dick in the barmaid?" Gareth said, clearly bemused.
"That's SO Coytoss!" Dani squealed. "Fuck! I LOVE this city!"
Theo sighed.
*****
"I can't accept this!" Dani said.
Zehra hadn't moved from the doorway while she had watched her friend and her new partner tour the place. Dani understood: it was Zehra's old flat, after all. Despite the refurbishment after the unfortunate flooding had damaged most of the place, requiring so much to be replaced that the flat was now a veritable 'Ship of Theseus' conundrum, it was still Zehra's old flat. She knew all the nooks and crannies.
Still... "Zee... I can't accept this..."
"Yes you can," Zehra said. Arms folded and smiling at her friend's expression. "I don't need it. I'm moving in with Ade. You guys need the space more than I do."
"Are you sure?" Gareth said, giving Dani a squeeze. "I mean the rent for this place is a fucking steal."
"Rent for my new place is better," Zehra said, grinning. "Look... take the keys. The landlord's happy to transfer the contract to you two. Good landlord's are hard to come by in this city."
"Zee... I don't know what to say..." Dani said. Detaching herself from Gareth she walked over to Zehra and embraced her oldest friend. "Thank you."
"You deserve some happiness," Zehra whispered in her ear.
Hearing the regret in her friend's voice, and eager to reassure Zehra that nothing was her fault, especially not Chloe, Dani was about to respond when her phone went off. Not recognising the number she answered, annoyed at someone interrupting this beautiful moment with her friend.
"Don't hang up."
Her blood ran cold. "You're not fucking supposed to contact me!" She hissed. "This is breaking the restraining order! You could get-"
"Two hours," Jake interrupted her. "They agreed two hours. Stormy Dan Park. Next Tuesday. Two o'clock. By the fast food stand at the lake's edge. They'll text you the contact details. I've given them your number."
"Agreed what?"
"You can see Chloe."
Dani's mouth hung open. She was aware of Zehra asking her what was wrong, and Gareth's hand on her arm in concern. "What... why?" She said, her voice breaking. "Why would you do this for me?"
For the longest time it seemed as though Jake wasn't going to reply. Then: "just promise me you'll be a good mother."
He hung up.
*****
Deep in the heart of the city, the park known as Stormy Dan Park was a two mile by three strip of grassland punctuated by thick copses of English oak; some trees so old that myth held they'd been planted by the Angles when they founded Eros Shire over a thousand years ago. In fact the name of the park was actually Daniel Follett Memorial Park, after one of Coytoss' most famous shipwrights of the last century. His legendarily fierce temper earned him the moniker 'Stormy Dan' amongst those who worked his shipyards, and the name stuck long enough after his death that 'Stormy Dan Park' eventually became its official name, even on Google Maps.
Dani enjoyed coming here, but today she felt terrified; she clung to Gareth's hand like he was a liferaft and she was adrift in a fierce and stormy sea. Together they walked the paved path down between the oak trees, their branches giving shade on this warm, sunny day.
"It's going to be OK," Gareth said, obviously noticing how Dani kept breathing deeply, a hand on her chest as she felt her heart thudding hard inside.
"What if she doesn't recognise me?" Dani said breathlessly.
"Dani... she's never met you," Gareth said, but not unkindly.
Dani felt tears well up. "I've missed so much!" She said.
Stopping them both, Gareth held her hands as he stood in front of her. "You can't change what has already happened," he said gently. "But what you do from this moment onwards is entirely in your control. You're not the same woman you were when they took her away from you. They'll see that. I know they will."
"Miss Cohen?"
They both turned to regard the tall, smartly dressed woman approaching. A tablet was held in one hand, and the other was extended towards Dani. "Hi! I'm Nattie Madaki. We spoke earlier?"
"Yes, I remember," Dani said, accepting the handshake. Nattie's grip was firm; her long black fingers encircling Dani's smaller pale white hand quite easily. "Is..."
Natti half-turned and gestured at the small playground Dani and Gareth had been walking to. "She's by the swings. In the pink jacket."
Dani could see the child Nattie spoke of: sitting on a bench near the swings was a young girl; a thick head of black hair spilling out over her pink jacket. She was looking back at Dani with an expression of apprehension on her young face.
"I think she's as worried to meet you as you are her," Gareth said gently in her ear.
Dani felt him nudge her forward, and she allowed her legs to move. Carrying her closer to the little girl, who watched her approach until Dani was standing before her. "Erm... hi," Dani said.
"Hi." Jesus, she even sounded like her! This close Dani could see how much Chloe took after her: there was barely any trace of Brad in her features. "Nattie says you're my mum."
OK: no beating around the bush with this kid. "I am," Dani said.
"Nattie says you couldn't look after me because you were sick."
"I was."
"You don't look sick."
"That's because I got better," Dani said. Feeling less apprehensive, she settled into a crouch in front of the girl. "I had great friends who helped me."
"I have friends too," Chloe said. "Nattie is my best friend. She told me I shouldn't be angry at you because you needed to get better before you could see me again."
"Your friend's very smart."
"She is!" Chloe smiled. It was looking into a mirror: only one that warped Dani's long features into a much chubbier face. "She also says I should keep practising my art. Do you want to see?"
"I would love to see!" Dani said. Slowly she sat on the bench beside Chloe as the young girl took out an art pad from her large pink bag and began to talk excitedly about her drawings: she was already quite talented, and Dani sat beside her daughter - her daughter! - and listened to the girl talk.
*****
"So who are you to Miss Cohen?"
Gareth reluctantly looked away from watching Dani and her daughter chatter to each other on the playground bench, totally absorbed in the sketchpad the young girl had pulled out of her bag to show her mother, to regard the tall woman from social services. "Boyfriend," he said.
"How long have you been seeing each other, may I ask?"
"Only a few months," he said. "I know: not a great indicator of a stable household for Chloe."
"That's not for me to judge," Nattie said. "I heard what you said to her. You care about her."
"A great deal."
"Don't take this personally, but you seem a little young to be a father."
Gareth shrugged. "Mum had me when she was nineteen. Same age Dani had Chloe. She made it work."
"True. As I said: this is not for me to judge."
"Who will be judging?"
Nattie gave him a warm smile. "Mostly Chloe."
*****
"I think that went well," Gareth said later that evening, as he brushed his teeth. Dani sat on the toilet beside him, staring at the plastic stick in her hands. He tried not to think about it as he saw to his teeth with the electric toothbrush. When Dani didn't respond he turned to her.
She raised the stick so he could see the result.
"OK..." Gareth said after a moment. "Well... I did say I would."
"You did," she said, grinning.
"And we're sure it's..." he left the rest of that sentence unsaid, not believing the possibility.
"It's definitely yours."
"OK..." Gareth said again. Staring at the stick. "Let's do this."
Grinning, Dani bounced to her feet and kissed her boyfriend and the father of her second child with furious passion. He gathered her in his arms and carried her in the direction of the bed, but their lust for each other saw them fall to the floor in the small corridor between bathroom, living room and bedroom.
As she rode Gareth into the polished wooden floor of their new home - courtesy of her friend - Dani listened to the sounds of their sex and the noise of the city outside, and felt full of life and possibility for the future ahead.
After feeling lost for so long, Dani now knew where her life was heading, and she was on board for every moment of it!
She felt fucking alive!
(And so ends-)
"Why are you looking so pleased with yourself?" Alexa Matthews-Kent asked her latest hire, a woman even taller than she was; which annoyed the blonde no end, but then hiring Haley Smith had been a favour to Theo, and so far the elegant brunette had been a model barmaid.
Even during that awkward scene between the TFE guy and the union head...
Which Alex refused to blame Haley for: she would be a massive hypocrite if she blamed Haley for the actions of two man-babies Haley had been sleeping with (considering Alex herself had also been in similar situations with men she had been fucking simultaneously without either of them knowing.)
So, that little city-shut-down-inducing hiccup aside... a model barmaid.
But every now and again Alexa caught Haley being... odd... like now: the woman had been still with a cocktail glass in hand for several minutes. Just staring into it like she could see something in the glass.
At the sound of her voice Haley turned those dark eyes - they had to be brown, but Alexa swore she could see a hint of purple - towards her boss and her smile grew. "Tell me, Alex: do you love a happy ending?"
Caught off-guard by the question, and fighting a strange sense of vertigo that seemed to hit her every now and again lately (maybe she needed to see a doctor?) Alexa frowned. "I guess... yes? Who doesn't?"
"But the problem with happy endings, is they're never truly the end... are they?"
"Yeah... life goes on I suppose..." Alexa gave Haley a weary glance. The woman really was quite the oddball sometimes.
Haley returned the cocktail glass to the shelves behind the bar. "But that's another story," she said. "For another time..."
Those dark eyes look back at Alex.
"And so ends another Eroshire tale..."
(...)