Katia was sitting on her chair facing Ken. Ken was on his own balcony, facing toward her on his chair. They chatted as the night went on, sipping from a pitcher of sangria that Ken had made earlier. Both of them were wearing bathrobes tied at the waist, though Ken had to admit, she looked much better in her blue linen robe than he did in his light gray cotton.
Her long black hair falling in ringlets past her shoulders and her willowy body were something to behold regardless of what she was dressed in. Her sapphire blue eyes seemed to penetrate from the darkness as they talked.
"Do you think you will still see Valeri as a boyfriend?" Ken asked.
"I'm sure I will," she said thoughtfully as she took a sip from her sangria. "I think he was just a little overwhelmed when I wanted to have sex with him out here on the balcony."
"He just left without saying a word!" Ken said.
Katia laughed.
"Yes," she said. "That's his way of dealing with things he doesn't understand."
"What, by running away from them?" Ken asked with a chuckle.
"Exactly!" she answered with a hearty laugh. "He's not the kind of person to talk about what's bothering him. He goes away to think about it for awhile and, when he's made up his mind how he feels about it, he comes back to let me know."
Ken smirked and looked at the floor.
"He's not like you westerners," she said, rolling the liquid in her glass around the inside. "He's not like your Doctor Phil."
Ken laughed long and hard then.
"Neither am I!" He guffawed. "If I were, I think I wouldn't have been able to do what we did earlier!"
"Nor so often," she said with a sly grin. "In fact I'm betting you could probably get your cock hard again if you wanted to."
Ken grinned at her and pulled his robe aside to reveal a very erect penis surrounded by reddish blond hair.
"Too late," he said. "It's been hard for a little while now."
Katia stood up and walked saucily toward the cedar panel separating their balconies and leaned slightly against it, sliding her left foot out and to the side until her bathrobe was parted just below her crotch. The crosshatch cedar slats pressed the linen robe against her body and Ken felt his erection throb as he watched her.
"Perhaps it's time we finally did something about this damned partition between us," she whispered.
Ken got to his feet and stepped toward the partition, reaching his hand around the outside of it and resting his hand on her bum. He reveled in the feel of the linen robe as he cupped her ass cheek and squeezed it playfully.
"Your place or mine?" he asked.
"Perhaps we could just meet in the hall and fuck each other senseless out there," she said coyly.
"Or maybe I could climb around the outside of this damned partition and we could fuck each other senseless out here," he said. "I'll bet you'd sound very sexy bent over this rail if I banged you from behind. You could scream to all the neighbors about how good it feels."
Katia grinned and kissed him.
"I think I'd like to see that," she said.
Just then they heard a knock at the door. She whirled her head and stepped back from the partition.
"It looks like Valeri has had enough time to think," she said. She handed her glass of sangria to Ken and gave him a fierce look. "Stay quiet! If he senses you, he'll lose his mind. There's no telling what he'd do if he knew you were there."
Ken nodded and sat back in his chair. He left his balcony door open in the event he had to make a quick exit and then faded into the shadows.
She went to the door and greeted Valeri. She led him to the balcony and, when he protested, she took his hand and guided him to the chair with his back to the cedar divider and to Ken.
"So, what's on your mind?" she asked as she settled into her own chair.
Valeri hesitated and Ken just knew he was frowning as he thought.
"You've never done this kind of thing before," he said with his heavy Russian accent. "You always keep the curtains to your balcony closed until a short time ago. Now you want to... you want to be naked out here and to... you sucked me out here!"
Katia grinned teasingly.
"You didn't like it?" she asked.
"Well of course I liked it!" he stated emphatically. "I didn't think you'd like it!"
"You've wanted to do this before?" she asked with her eyes wide and a bright smile.
Valeri hesitated again and was finding it difficult to speak.
"I did," he said. "But, I never thought you'd do it. I thought maybe with someone else it might happen, but not with you."
Katia's eyebrows went up in surprise.
"Someone else?" she asked coldly. "And who might this someone else be?"
"There is no someone else!" he said quickly. "I just meant... I only... I thought if we broke up, there would be someone else; but there is no someone else."
"We're breaking up?" she said dubiously.
"No!" he exclaimed. "I didn't mean that! I only meant if we broke up."
"So," she said slowly, "if we broke up, you'd find someone else to have the sex you've been craving, instead of the plain old boring sex you have with me."
"No!" Valeri said in exasperation. "That's not what I'm saying at all!"
"Hmm," she said, her lips curling into a mischievous grin. "Did it occur to you that I might want to have this sex that you've been craving too; that I might get just as excited by having you take me from behind while I bend over this rail?"
She stood up and leaned against the rail then and shoved her bum enticingly toward Valeri. She reached back with one hand and raised the back of her robe until her pussy, framed in jet-black tufts of hair, was peaking from just below the hem.
Valeri swallowed hard and stood up almost in a trance. He unbuckled his pants and let them fall to his ankles and then started to walk awkwardly toward her.
"Take them off," she said as she grinned over her shoulder at him. "Take it all off!"
He blinked twice and then hurriedly removed his clothes. He stepped out of his pants and boxer shorts and pulled his white button-down shirt over his head. He dropped it to the floor and then hopped from one foot to the other to remove his shoes and socks.
Then he was naked and even Ken had to admire his physique. He was almost six feet tall with a lean muscular build. His stomach was flat and his arms and legs showed the toning that only people who work out regularly get.
His cock was about six inches long and slender. Katia stroked it lovingly, reaching back with one hand as she guided it toward her slit. He thrust his hips forward and squatted slightly until his cock was lined up with her entrance. She pushed back slightly until it popped past her lips and then Valeri shoved it into her. He began pistoning his hips as hard and as fast as he could. Ken could see Katia's bum jiggling from the force of his thrusts. She gasped with each thrust, the breath being pushed out of her as she was forced against the rail. Valeri grunted like an animal and hissed between his teeth as he mumbled something in Russian.
After a couple of minutes, he shoved forward hard and held her still. Ken guessed he was cumming. He grunted loudly and then he fell back, almost tripping over the chair a few feet behind him. He found the arm of the chair with his hand and lowered himself into it shakily and mumbled something Ken couldn't understand.
He spoke again, this time obviously in Russian, and Katia grinned in response.
"I told you it would be enjoyable," she said as she glided toward him and sat on his lap.
Valeri nodded and leaned back with his head over the back of the chair until he was staring at the ceiling and spoke again between gasps for air.
"What do you mean?" Katia asked suddenly. "You just got here!"
"We've been out all night and it's late," he said. "I have to go!"
"You've been wandering around for the past hour!" she countered. "I've been stuck here waiting for you to come back all that time!"
"I still have to go," he said.
"Perhaps you should go then," she said.
She stood up and walked into the apartment and Valeri watched her go with a bemused expression. He stood up and stretched and pulled his clothes on and then walked back into the apartment.
After a few minutes Ken heard the door open and close and then he heard nothing. He sat there for almost five minutes, wondering whether Katia would come back out and then he finally decided that she wasn't.
He gathered up his glasses and pitcher of sangria and returned to his own apartment.
******************************************
The next day Ken didn't see Katia. In fact, he didn't see her the whole week.
Every morning, he went to his balcony before work and drank his coffee as he looked out over the neighborhood and soaked up the morning sun. Each time he sat naked at his patio table hoping that she would come out to say good morning but each time he was disappointed.
******************************************
Friday night came and Ken went out for drinks. He came home around midnight and stripped his clothes off and went to the balcony. He sat at his table and sipped sangria. Sometimes he stood up and leaned over the rail and watched the world go by.
He heard a sound from next door and saw Katia staring at him through the glass door to her balcony. She was wearing her white nightdress tied at her waist and appeared to be trying to make a decision. He returned her stare and smiled and then turned away. He heard the glass door sliding open and then she was leaning on her rail, their elbows less than two feet apart.
"Have you been waiting for me?" she asked as she stared out at the night sky.
"Sometimes," he said.
"I had some thinking to do," she said quietly.
"I guess you did," he said, leaning over to watch as a carload of people were dropped off at the front door of the building. He watched them head to the door and then he looked outward once more.
"Valeri doesn't want me anymore," she said sadly.
"Then he's an idiot," Ken replied.
Katia smiled ruefully and turned toward him.
"You're sweet," she said, her east European accent sounding so exotic in the darkness.
Ken made his face expressionless and stared down at the street.
"You liked him didn't you," he said softly.
"I thought I did," she answered, "until I realized what a selfish lover he was."
"I noticed that," Ken said with a frown. "He's young; he doesn't know how to be a good lover yet."
"Were you like that?" she asked.
"No," he said with a throaty laugh.
"I didn't think so," she said with a smile. "I can't imagine you being selfish about anything."
"I can be," he said with a frown.
"I don't believe that," she said, staring at him now with amusement.
"For instance," he said, turning toward her and smiling, "I'd like to see you naked again; that's selfish."
She shrugged her nightdress over her shoulders and it fell in a small pool around the back of her feet. Her nipples hardened and grew as they came into view and she blushed brightly. Despite her bashfulness, she squeezed her arms together under her breasts, pushing them together and upward. Ken's cock grew to half mast upon seeing them and smiled in appreciation.
"That's not selfish," she said. "That's honest."
"I can be honest a lot!" he said.
She giggled and stepped as close to him as the cedar panel would allow.
"Don't you think it's time we did something about this damn partition?" she asked.
"Yes," he said. "I do."
He hoisted himself up on the rail and, gripping the cedar panel for support, dropped down on to her side of the divider.
"That was very dangerous!" she said sternly, although she was giggling as she said it.
"Yes," he said breathlessly. "Did I mention I'm afraid of heights? I was terrified the whole time! I don't think I could ever do that again!"
"Then how will you get home?" she asked with a grin.
"I'll worry about that when I need to," he said.
He put his arms around her waist and pulled her close. His hard-on grew as it was squashed against her pubic mound and she purred appreciatively as it probed her wetness.
Ken guided her backward until her legs contacted the patio chair. He grinned and gave her an exaggerated shove. She yelped as she fell backward into the chair and then Ken was on his knees between her thighs. He rested her legs over his shoulders and bent forward to inhale her aroma.
He pushed his nose into her entrance and she sighed heavily. He nuzzled her slit with the tip of his nose, pushing it upward until it was directly against her clitoris. He mumbled wordlessly against it and then took it between his lips, sucking and nibbling on it as she wriggled her bum. She put her hands on his head and twined her fingers in his hair, mashing her pussy against his face. She moaned and gripped him with her legs crossed behind his neck.
Ken grinned against her mound and then lapped his tongue upward beginning at the base of her slit and all the way to her clitoris. Her pubic hair, normally a tangle of soft black curls, was soaked with her juices. The more she wriggled against his face, the more matted it became and Ken laughed softly as he pulled some stray hairs out of his mouth.
Katia groaned audibly and Ken could feel her grip on his head tighten. With both arms and both legs, she was pulling him tighter and tighter until he could barely move. She cried out and he began moving his face from side to side, smearing her pussy juices all over himself. She cried out again and started pushing his head from side to side with her hands in rhythm with the motion he had already begun. Grinding herself against him, she moaned loudly and then she was cumming.
Her voice became shrill and she tensed up. Ken just held on for the ride until her spasms subsided. When she finally loosed her grip, he straightened up and leaned against her in the chair as she gasped for breath and stared at the ceiling with her head thrown back.
From somewhere out in the darkness they heard whooping and cheering. There were men's and women's voices shouting out catcalls and one woman shouted loudly.
"You go Girl! Make him work for it!"
"Don't' worry," Katia called out breathlessly. "He's earned it!"
There was laughter and Ken looked at her with a grin.
"I have?" he asked.
"Oh yes!" she said as she pushed his head between her C-cup breasts, her skin sweaty from exertion and her chest still heaving. "I'm going to have to work for it now."
Ken moved his head slightly and took her left nipple between his lips.
"Oh God!" she cried out.
She shuddered again and gasped loudly. She threw her head back again and wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him close enough that his cock was nestled between her pussy lips. Ken nibbled on her nipple and she gasped again, her legs pulling him closer still, so he was now inside her. He breathed deeply himself as her warmth engulfed him and sighed.
Katia shuddered again and her mouth opened in a silent gasp. Her thighs were trembling and her whole body seemed to be quivering.
"Oh yeah!" she said, her voice high pitched and squeaky. "I'm cumming! Oh God, I'm cumming again!"
Her thighs tensed against his bum and Ken groaned as her pussy spasmed. She tensed again and then she was pushing him away, her arms straight against his chest and her thighs closing together until his cock popped out of her.
"I can't take anymore!" she gasped. "I've never cum four times in a row like that! I can't breathe!"
Ken leaned forward and hugged her.
"It's okay," he said. "We can wait."
They heard a girl's voice call out softly from somewhere close by.
"Could I come and join you guys?" she asked.
Ken chuckled and Katia opened her eyes wide.
"Who's that?" she said with alarm.
"My name is Jenn," she said in an exaggerated whisper. "I've never cum four times in a row like that either. I was hoping I could... you know... try it!"
Katia laughed softly and buried her head in Ken's shoulder.
"I think the neighborhood is enjoying our show," she said.
"I know I am!" he said as he leaned against her, wrapping his arms around her waist.
Katia smiled and sighed at the feel of his body next to hers.
"Hello?" they heard Jenn call out. "Are you guys still there?"
"We're here," Katia replied, grinning broadly.
"What do you think?" Jenn asked. "Can I come over?"
Katia looked at Ken, her face unreadable.
"What do you think?" she asked him.
Ken stared back at her a little overwhelmed.
"What do you mean?" he said in surprise.
"Do you want her to join us?" she said.
Ken frowned and studied her face.
"This is some kind of test right?" he said dubiously.
Katia laughed and shook her head.
"It's no test," she said. "It might even be fun!"
"Okay," he said. "Go for it!"
"Hello Jenn?" Katia called out.
"I'm here!"
"Come to the sixth floor." She said.
They heard Jenn give a triumphant shout and then silence.
"Do you think she'll come?" Katia asked.
"Probably," Ken said.
Katia stood up and reached for her nightdress. She pulled it on and went into the apartment. She went to the front door and opened it and peeked out into the hall. Ken watched her from the balcony and Katia looked back at him shrugging her shoulders. She looked back into the hall and then Ken saw her tense. She said something into the hall and then a girl was coming through the door and into the apartment.
She looked to be about twenty three and had straight auburn hair that hung just above her shoulders. She wore a tight T-shirt and jeans over her petite build and she was grinning shyly as Katia led her to the balcony.
"Ken," she said, "meet Jenn."
Jenn giggled at Ken's nudity and blushed as she looked at his cock, which was still semi-erect.
"Jenn says she wants to watch us for awhile," Katia said with a chuckle.
"Sounds great," Ken said. "But you're going to have to take your clothes off if you want to stay Jenn."
Jenn opened her mouth in shock and looked at Katia. Katia shrugged and nodded her head and then dropped her nightdress to the floor so she too was naked.
Jenn giggled and looked from Ken to Katia and back.
"I've never taken my clothes off for two strangers before," she said as she slowly began pulling her T-shirt up to reveal her tummy.
"I've never allowed someone to watch while I have sex before," Katia said as she knelt on the floor beside Ken.
Jenn giggled again and pulled her shirt over her head.
"Okay, but don't laugh!" she said self consciously.
"I don't think so!" Ken said as he stared at her bra covered tits.
They were smaller than Katia's, probably a small C-cup, but her petite build made them look bigger than they were. She unclasped her bra and blushed as she saw both Ken and Katia staring at her. She giggled again and undid the buttons to her jeans and slid them to the floor. She was wearing a black thong panty and Ken knew before she pulled them down that her pussy was shaven; the outline of her lips could be seen against the dark fabric. She pulled those off and looked up sheepishly to look at Ken and Katia.
"She's gorgeous isn't she?" Katia said softly.
"Very!" Ken replied.
By now his cock was rock hard, as hard as it had been when he was inside Katia.
"Why don't you bend over the rail for me?" he asked Katia. "I really need to cum!"
Katia stepped to the rail and bent forward. All three of them were now consumed with lust and there was no more grinning or giggling. Ken stepped behind her and lined his cock up with her slit and pushed inside slowly.
"Oh God!" Jenn gasped. "I've never seen anyone do that before!"
They both stared at Jenn as she settled into the patio chair with her thighs spread wide. Her hand was buried in her pussy and she plunged her fingers between her lips furiously as she watched them fuck.
Ken moved in and out of Katia rhythmically. Katia was amazed at his gentleness considering how horny he was. He slid his cock back and forth, reveling in the friction against her tunnel. He cupped her breast in one hand and tweaked her nipple. Katia sighed and cooed and moved her bum against his belly. Ken gasped and started pushing faster. Katia sighed and Jenn moaned softly.
"Do you like watching us?" Katia whispered.
"Oh yes!" Jenn replied with a gasp.
"Come closer!" Katia said to her. "I want you to suck Ken's cock!"
As if in a trance, Jenn stood up from her chair. She stepped slowly toward them and then got to her knees beside them. Katia pushed Ken's cock out of her pussy and held it with one hand. She guided it toward Jenn's mouth and the girl opened up wide. Katia stroked Ken's cock softly while Jenn took the head on her tongue. Katia kissed Ken on the cheek and whispered in his ear.
"Cum for me!" she said. "Cum in her mouth! Let me see how horny you are!"
Jenn closed her lips over his cock head and Katia kept stroking the shaft.
"Come on Baby," she whispered. "Cum in her mouth for me!"
Ken grunted and Jenn squeaked softly as he came. She clamped her mouth closed and Katia smiled as she nibbled on Ken's ear. Jenn started swallowing though a trickle of semen rolled out of the side of her mouth and down to her chin. Katia pressed her pubic mound over Ken's thigh and ground against him, clenching her own thigh around his and pressing her breasts into his side.
"Mm!" Jenn mumbled around Ken's cock as he started to shrink.
She swabbed his head with her tongue and stood up. Ken pulled her close and kissed her, dipping his tongue into her mouth to taste his own cum. He turned then to Katia and kissed her, sliding his tongue past her lips and sharing the taste with her too.
Ken reached down with one hand and cupped Jenn's bum. With the other he cupped Katia's bum. After that, he didn't think life got much better with the two naked girls snuggling against him, the taste of his semen still lingering on their lips and tongues.
He moved to the chair and sat down. Jenn sat in the other chair and Katia crouched against his legs on the floor.
"Are you happy that you came here?" she asked Jenn.
Jenn grinned and blushed again, her pebble-like nipples hardening in response.
"Yes," she said with a giggle. "I've had sex before with a few guys, but I've never done or even seen anything close to what's happened here before!"
"I've had a few men too," Katia said as she placed her hand on Ken's cock, "but I haven't seen a penis with such a big head before. Is it big or am I just inexperienced?"
Jenn blushed again and leaned forward to watch her stroke him.
"I think I'm not experienced enough to answer that," she said. "I've seen bigger heads before, but they were cocks that were longer than his."
"I've seen longer cocks too," Katia said. "But the heads were never as big and round as this one."
Katia stood up from the floor and then turned her back to Ken. She placed her feet on either side of his and then began to squat down over his lap.
"I can't take this anymore!" she said with a smile. "I want to cum while Jenn is watching."
Ken grabbed his cock and held it in place as Katia lined it up with her pussy. She wriggled her bum a little and then the head was between her lips. She sank down on it with an audible sigh and closed her eyes in bliss. She started moving her hips and Ken leaned back in his chair and held her hips with his hands. She ground against him, swishing her mound against his pubis and bit her bottom lip. She reached down and held her hand against his cock and then started moving up and down. She gasped and leaned forward, using her thigh muscles to move her pussy against him. She looked back and under her as she did, enjoying the sight of his cock disappearing inside her. When she looked forward again, Jenn had her legs spread wide. One hand was rubbing her pussy and the other was holding her tit.
Jenn cupped her breast and pinched her nipple and watched intently as Katia rode Ken's cock. She gasped a little and her hips started swiveling against her hand.
Katia gripped her own nipples and pinched them as she watched Jenn get herself off. She redoubled her efforts, sliding her pussy up and down Ken's shaft as quickly as she could.
"Mm, watch me cum," she whispered.
Her eyes squeezed shut and she mumbled softly. She thrust downward on to Ken's cock once more and moaned. Her thighs gripped Ken on either side of his lap and her face grew beet red with effort. She cried out and then leaned back against Ken's chest breathing heavily.
She placed her hand languidly over her mound and cupped it, loving the feel of Ken's still erect cock buried inside her.
"You're still hard!" she said with a smile.
Ken nodded and cupped her tits with both hands, loving the feel of her naked body splayed against his own.
"Would you like to fuck Jenn?" she asked him, turning her face back to look at him. "She looks like she could use it."
They both looked over at Jenn who was watching them intently. She was masturbating herself with both hands and her petite body writhed in ecstasy.
"Do you want to fuck me?" Ken asked her.
She looked at him, her eyes half closed with lust, and nodded wordlessly.
Katia moved off of Ken's lap and he stepped toward Jenn with his cock bobbing in front of him. Jenn locked her eyes on it as he approached and cooed softly as he picked her up out of the chair.
Ken threw some pillows from the chairs on to the floor and lay Jenn down in front of him. She spread her legs wide and stared into his eyes anxiously.
"I've never done it with an old guy before," she said quietly.
"Don't worry," Ken said with a grin. "It'll be just like with a young guy except slower."
"And better!" Katia put in as she pulled a chair up to watch them.
Ken placed his cock at her entrance and put his hands on the floor beside her head. He pushed it in leisurely, sliding it past her pussy lips and savoring the feeling as it went in inch by inch. Jenn gave a small cry and wrapped her legs around his hips, pulling him toward her. She locked her ankles together and started bucking her hips, her breath coming in short gasps as she bumped against his pubic bone. She put her hands on his bum and pressed him toward her, urging him to go faster.
Ken placed his mouth over hers and kissed her. When he did she immediately stopped pulling him into her. He rotated his hips sensuously as he bumped his cock against her vaginal walls and then brought the head almost all the way out and up. He pushed it against her clitoris and she gasped. She mewled quietly and lay back, allowing him to dictate the rhythm. She gasped again and then Ken was pushing in and out of her with a slow measured pace.
They stared into each other's eyes as they fucked and Jenn's eyes started to grow wider. She grunted and then moaned and Katia leaned down close, her face hovering just over theirs.
"That looks like it feels good," she said.
Jenn nodded and made a small sound agreeing with her.
"She's so wet and slippery!" Ken said. "I feel like I'm in heaven!"
"Wet like me?" Katia said.
"Yes!" he said with a grunt. "I'm going to cum soon! I want to cum inside her!"
"Oh yes!" Jenn said in a small voice. "Cum inside me; I want to feel you shoot!"
Ken grunted and started pushing inside her harder.
"I'm going to cum too!" Jenn said, her breathing becoming fast and shallow. "Cum for me; I want to feel it! I'm going to cum; cum inside me Baby!"
She squealed and tensed her thighs just as Ken shoved into her hard. He groaned as he shot his semen inside her. He groaned again when he felt her pussy spasm around his cock. He raised himself over her with his arms straight and growled like an animal. Jenn wailed as she held on to him and then fell back against the pillow beneath her. Ken rolled to his side breathing hard and Katia leaned down and took his shrinking cock into her mouth. She swabbed it clean with her tongue and then pushed her tongue inside Jenn's pussy and lapped at the semen drooling out from between her lips. Jenn squealed again and held Katia's head still as she ground her clitoris against her face. She shuddered once more and Katia sat up looking surprised at her self.
Suddenly, the sounds of catcalls and cheering could be heard from somewhere out in the darkness.
"Way to go Jenn!" a woman's voice called out.
"Give her one for me Man!" a guy shouted.
Jenn blushed to a beet red and rolled her eyes as she tried to cover her embarrassment. Katia and Ken laughed softly with their heads bent together and then looked up in surprise as Ken's cat meowed at them loudly from the opposite side of the divider separating their balconies.
"She's confused why I'm on the wrong side of the panel," he said laughing. "She wants me to come home."
"How are you going to get home?" Katia asked him with amusement.
Ken frowned and stood up. He pulled himself over the rail and walked gingerly along the ledge and then climbed onto his own balcony where the cat watched him cautiously.
"I am never ever going to do that again!" he said with feeling.
"I'm coming over there too," Katia said. "But I'm going through the front door."
"Me too," Jenn said with enthusiasm. "That is... if it's okay with you guys."
"I'll get the sangria ready," Ken said.