This story is inspired by a real event. A couple split up, but they had this elaborate trip booked. The man didn't want to give up the reservations for the fantastic voyage they had planned, so he posted an online ad looking for women who shared his ex-girlfriend's name and a valid Canadian passport. Several women answered; one was selected to join him on his trip. The news media did several human interest stories on their trip together.
The rest of this is the work of my own imagination and fantasy. I changed the travelers' names and destinations. This in no way is an account of what occurred between the two actual people involved: it is fiction. It starts out a little slow, so if you're looking for quick release, you will probably need to look elsewhere. But if you stick with it, I'd like to think the payoff is immense.
MF, MFF, Exh, Voy, Mast, Int.

Chapter 1 - My wedding and honeymoon are destroyed
"That bitch has broken my heart," I thought as I read the email from Jane. A fucking email! She calls off our engagement and our wedding in a fucking email! I guess I should have seen it coming, but I wasn't expecting this. Jane and I had our problems, but I honestly believed we could work them out. I loved her and wanted to marry her and spend the rest of my life with her. I thought she felt the same, but apparently not. According to her, I was "too busy planning things" and "was too wrapped up in my own notions and set unachievable expectations of even the simplest things". She didn't want "to have her life micromanaged." She wanted spontaneity and I wasn't the guy. It would have been nice to know how she felt before she agreed to marry me, but there you go.
I called Jane, begging and pleading. She wouldn't budge. I told her I could change. She said she didn't think so. Finally I got angry with her and called her all the worst names I could imagine, and said all those hurtful things I had always kept to myself for the past three years. This put the final nail in the coffin of our relationship. We left it with her saying she was going to move on and that she never wanted to see me or hear from me again.
So there I was, sitting in my condo downtown, my heart in tatters. I felt numb as I began calling and canceling things for the wedding (which was supposed to happen in two week's time, November 1st) like the DJ and the reception hall. I also had to field calls from friends and relatives, trying to explain why the wedding was off. I had to return wedding gifts that arrived in the mail. Frankly I was upset that I had so much to do (on top of work), and that she was taking no responsibility for dismantling the apparatus of our wedding.
Then it came time to cancel the honeymoon. She had gotten to plan the wedding (with a lot of input from me, admittedly), but the honeymoon was my baby.
We were supposed to be gone for a month. I had scrimped and saved and had about 18 large tied up in our grand adventure. Our itinerary included 2 weeks in Europe and 2 weeks in Southeast Asia. We were supposed to hit Paris, Rome, Venice and Florence, then fly to Hong Kong, Phuket and Bali. I had booked the best hotels, activities, tours and relaxation days. It was supposed to be the trip of a lifetime, but then Jane went and destroyed me and ruined the trip. I sat there thinking about how hard I had worked and how many sacrifices I made to save the money, and how much effort I had put into the planning. I couldn't do it; I couldn't cancel the trip.
At the same time, all the hotel and activity bookings I had made, not to mention the 10 sets of airline tickets, were for two people: me, Martin Lockwood, and my ex, Jane Tillson. With 13 days until our scheduled departure, I began calling airlines to see if I could switch Jane's ticket and give it to my best friend Charlie. Three airlines said yes, but four said no. I called up my travel agent Sunita (with whom I had managed to become good friends over the past 4 months of planning) and explained the situation, and asked for her advice. "How do I go on my honeymoon with someone who is not Jane?" Sunita thought about it for a moment, and then stunned me with her answer.
"Easy Martin, you go with another Jane. As long as her name is Jane Tillson, and she has a valid Canadian passport, you can go and not lose any money."
My mind raced as I considered the possibilities:
"I will still be able to go..."
"See the piazzas and canals..."
"The Colloseum..."
"...galleries..."
"...beaches..."
"With a stranger."
This brought my mind to a halt. Sunita looked at me, and as if reading my mind, said "Yes Martin, if you want to take your trip and not lose any of the deposits and all the other fees you have paid up to this point, unless you know someone else named Jane Tillson, you will need to find someone you don't know to join you."
"Is there no other way Sunita?"
"Not that I can think of. I'm so sorry to hear about you and Jane, and the situation you're in right now really sucks, but your only options at this point are to lose roughly 8 grand or to get a stranger to accompany you."
The only other Jane Tillson I knew was Jane's grandma, a 75 year old woman living in a palliative care facility. She wouldn't be able to make the trip even if I wanted her to come (which I didn't). I thanked Sunita for all she had done, and left with the gears turning in my head.
Chapter 2 - I find another Jane
The ad I posted on Reddit said, "ISO a girl named Jane Tillson who is seeking adventure. Must have a valid Canadian passport, must be named Jane Tillson, and must be free to travel from November 2 to December 3. My fiancée called off our wedding, but I still want to go on our honeymoon. If you're interested in visiting Paris, Florence, Venice, Rome, Hong Kong, Phuket and Bali with a guy who's just had his heart broken, please respond to this ad. The flights and hotels are all paid for. You would be responsible for your food and other expenses. This is not a joke."
I didn't know what to expect in response. Twelve days until I was supposed to fly out of Toronto Pearson airport for Paris.
I checked my email constantly that first day: I was disappointed to only receive two responses. One from a lady name Jane Tillsonburg, who sounded nice but wouldn't fit the bill, and one from a hooker who said she could be whoever I needed her to be, and it would cost me $500 per day plus expenses for the full "newlywed" treatment.
I was dejected. Charlie came in on the train from the suburbs and took me out drinking. That night I drank way too much and puked in the cab on the way home. I was miserable.
But God bless Charlie. I told him about the trip and what Sunita said, and the Reddit ad. Later that evening, on the train ride home, he tracked down my ad and tweeted it out to his 650 followers. The next day it went viral and my ad went from 28 views to 25,873. It was generating a lot of buzz and the emails started rolling in.
I received about a hundred emails, including messages from 30 different Jane Tillsons in Canada, and a couple media requests. I was able to filter out all the non-Janes and replied directly to the Janes, explaining the situation in a bit more detail, the trip itinerary and answering their questions. I was also being cautious and asked each Jane to send me a hi-res picture of them holding today's newspaper and their passport so I could validate they were who they claimed to be. Over the next couple days this eliminated 10 applicants, while another 8 new ones rolled in. I was also interviewed by a reporter from a Toronto daily newspaper.
I could tell by the emails I received the Janes who might be suitable travel companions: if one could not spell or form a cogent sentence, or if they seemed flaky or evasive, they were out. Since some of the planned activities were "extreme" like rock climbing and parasailing, not to mention all the walking we would be doing in Europe and Asia, I was inclined to eliminate women over 40. I was going to be spending a month with this person, so I wanted to be sure we would have something in common, so I eliminated girls that were too young, or had kids.
My list of 28 Janes was whittled down to 3 within the next day. To each of these Janes, I sent pics of myself, a copy of Jane's email and the travel docs and plans. I arranged to FaceTime each of them.
I had a pretty good exchange with the Jane from Canmore, a disastrous exchange with the Jane from Toronto (her expectations were out of sync with the trip I had imagined in my head, and she also accused me of being a stalker) and a great exchange with the Jane from Kelowna. It also helped that Kelowna Jane (or KJ as I called her) was an active, attractive 23 year old. Ultimately, I was leaning towards KJ because we got along in our email exchanges. I told the other Jane from Canmore that it was great talking to her, but I had decided to choose someone else. Immediately after talking with her, I received a call from the guest booker atWake Up and Have Breakfast TV, who invited me to come on the show in the morning to tell my story. The Toronto Daily News also wanted to do a story on me if I was able to successfully find a Jane, and they wanted to send along a photo journalist and their travel writer to meet us at a few of our destinations. Both people who called me told me about all the buzz my story had generated up to this point. It got me excited as well and I told them about KJ. The booker for the TV spot wanted to know if KJ could join us on the show tomorrow morning via phone. I said I'd ask her.
I face timed KJ again and explained that I had chosen her as my trip companion. I was happy to have her along, it would be strictly platonic etc. I explained about when we would be leaving, where we would meet in Toronto etc. I told her about the media requests and how excited I was about that (having never received media attention before). She asked a few questions about the media and agreed to have the paper and the show contact her to make arrangements and ask questions of their own.
I called Jackie at the TV show, and Greg at the paper and filled them in on KJ. I answered more of their questions for background and sent the paper our detailed travel schedule at their request. It was now three days until departure and I was pretty content about the trip. I was still mad as hell at my ex, but that anger and hurt were fading.
I was just drifting off to sleep when I got a FaceTime request from KJ. When she appeared in frame, she wasn't alone.
"Hi Martin, this is my boyfriend Josh."
Boyfriend?!? KJ never said anything about a boyfriend before!
"Uhh hi," I said. I was feeling a bit uncomfortable and angry about being surprised by this news. Not that I had any plans to do anything with KJ other than travel, but the boyfriend added a whole new wrinkle.
The silence was awkward and deafening. KJ broke the silence. "Josh wanted to meet you face to face before we fly to Toronto to meet you for real. I'm going to let you guys talk." She left the frame and handed her tablet to Josh.
He looked to be in his mid-twenties. His short blonde hair was a little spiky and he had a nose ring and a gromet earring in his left ear. He regarded me for a moment with cold grey eyes, then spoke.
"So your fiancée dumped you eh? Dude, that's harsh."
"Yeah, it sucked."
"Why do you wanna take my Janey with you for a month? Why not just stay home and move on?"
"Josh, I worked really hard on this trip. I saved the money and did the research and planning. I've put so much effort into it that I didn't want it to go to waste. And honestly I'd be out about 8 grand if I cancelled. I didn't buy cancellation insurance because I didn't think I would need it. So it's like a use it or lose it deal."
"Why Janey?"
"It seems like we will get along." I explained my selection criteria and some of the emails I got and the people who contacted me. "Your Janey was the best fit."
"You do realize she's with me right?"
"Until tonight, I had no idea she was attached. But that was not my plan anyways. I don't want a rebound girl. This is supposed to be a platonic thing. My intentions are honourable here."
Josh was silent for a moment, then he called Jane back. He told me to hold on a sec, went off camera to talk to her, then came back.
"Alright Martin, I'm holding you responsible for her safety. I'm also holding you to your word that you will not make a move on my girlfriend. We will see you in a couple days at Pearson. We are arriving for 7am at Terminal 2." We said our goodbyes and disconnected.
A couple days hence, I got up before the sunrise and went to collect Jane and Josh from the airport. When we all met in person, we shook hands and hopped in my car to head to the TV station in mid town. On the drive, we chatted and laughed and things were going well. We made good time to the station and arrived in good spirits.
We were met by a production assistant and taken into makeup. Whilst in makeup, we were introduced to the host, Kristin Spencer. Kristin was resplendant in a red outfit that was at once modest and form-fitting. Her white blouse had one button undone that hinted at her generous cleavage. I'd been a fan of hers for years, admiring her beauty and grace and wit. And of course she was just so fuckable that when she introduced herself, I actually gushed like a star-struck teen meeting a boy band. Both Jane and Josh played it much more cool.
Kristin was a TV journalist who worked for one of the major Canadian broadcasters. She had started out reporting on entertainment pieces, but had moved on to report on travel. The word on the street is that a major celebrity had made a pass at her, which she rejected so viciously that the celeb went to her boss to complain about her lack of professionalism and tried to get her fired. She had the upper hand though because the pass had been recorded on a hot mic. In the end, it was said that her bosses were doing everything they could to keep her happy, including a generous raise, a weekly spot on the national broadcast and the travel beat. The weekly spot was apparently unheard of for the travel beat. Everyone figred that she had her network execs by the balls and was using that as leverage to further her career.
About 30 minutes after meeting Kristin, we were on the set, answering questions and sweating under the hot lights. I had to answer questions about the weirdest response I had received, what I thought my ex might be thinking, why I'd selected KJ etc. All pretty benign stuff.
KJ made a bigger splash with her revelation about Josh, so they brought him out too and asked some pretty tough questions. I was pleased to see he was so sanguine about it all, and when Kristin asked him why, he told them about our FaceTime interview and how satisfied he had been with my answers.Once the interview was done, Kristin thanked us and told us she'd be meeting us in Venice in 10 days.
Josh, Jane and I went back to my condo to drop off their stuff and freshen up. While Jane was in the shower, Josh went out to the balcony for a smoke and I busied myself with some light packing. We went out for lunch and then came back to the condo so they could rest. I had several errands to run, so we agreed that they'd hang out until I got home, then we'd all go out for dinner.
I went out and did my running around, but I got done more quickly than anticipated, so I returned home about 45 minutes before I had told my guests I'd be back.
As I walked in I heard the shower running, but Jane wasn't in the living/dining/kitchen. I assumed she was maybe in my room which has the en-suite with the shower. Respecting their privacy, I waited another 20 minutes until the water stopped running, then made enough noise so they'd know I was home.
About 10 minutes later, Josh emerged from my bedroom wearing jeans and a T-shirt. Then Jane came out in flannel pajama bottoms and a short cropped T-shirt that bared her midriff. I was struck by how beautiful she was. Her long brown hair was still wet and she was busy towel-drying it. The motions she was making caused her tits to jiggle a bit, and her hard nipples poked at the thin material of the shirt. The flannel pants looked plain, but hugged her curves too. Her beauty and sensuality seemed effortless! I was seeing her in a whole new way, and suddenly her body and face were causing lusty thoughts.
She was startled to see me, and shot a worried glance to Josh. He held out a hand, pulled her to him, and wrapped her in a hug (I'm assuming to reassure her). Josh asked me when I got home, looking worried about my response. He shot a guilty look at Jane, and suddenly it dawned on me that they had been fooling around and potentially fucking in my shower/room. I lied and said I just got back. They both seemed relieved and after that, we made our dinner plans: Mexican. Then I got ready to go and did some more packing.
We left the condo at 7 and hopped a cab to take us to Hombre's. Josh indicated this was his treat and ordered a round of tequila for us. We had nachos and beer and another round of tequila. Then we had our mains and more tequila, and I ended up getting quite drunk again. Josh and Jane were feeling no pain either.
When Jane got up to go to the bathroom, I watched her leave the table, enjoying the way her butt moved in her jeans. Josh must have noticed me ogling his girlfriend's ass because he leaned over and said "This is really good of you to take her Martin, but keep your hands off my girl. I'm trusting you with Jane, so don't stab me in the back."
I assured him as best I could that I'd be cool and that I wasn't after her. I guess he seemed ok with my answer, and when Jane returned, he went to the bathroom. Jane leaned over the table, providing me with a quick view down her top, and told me again how excited she was about the trip, and how well we were going to get along, and how much of a gentleman I am.
All I could think was that I couldn't wait to see her in her bathing suit, or maybe naked.
Chapter 3 - The Trip (and the Teasing) Begins
We made it home from Hombre's at 11, and had an 8am flight to Paris, so that gave us maybe 5 hours to sleep. I got the couch pulled out for them and staggered into my room.
I should have fallen asleep, but apparently my guests decided to have another session, and the enthusiastic sounds she was making kept me up. Jane made no effort to keep quiet, and my prick got hard as I listened to her command Josh to lick her pussy. "Yes Josh, lick it just like that. Yeah right there. Harder. I'm going to cum soon! Oh my god, you're so good at this. I'm going to miss you and your tongue when I'm gone. Yes that's it, lick my clitty! I'm almost there Joshie baby! Ahhh!" She went quiet for a moment, then I heard her groan in satisfaction. Another moment of quiet, then the springs on the pull out bed started squeaking. I pulled out my hard member and stroked it as I listened to them fuck. Their pace picked up, and again she started talking dirty.
"I love your cock! It's so big and it fills up my little pussy! Fuck me harder! That's it, give me all your hard cock. I want it. Oh god fuck yes! Do you want to shoot your load in me? Do you want to spray your spunk in my hot wet cunt? Come on Joshie, fuck me! That's it! You're so deep inside me."
As I heard Josh shout "I'm coming babe!" I felt my own balls clench up and then let go. I came all over myself in forceful spurts as I listened to them reach their orgasms and go over the top. I heard no more that night as I passed out.
The alarm I had set for 4:45 came too early and I played snooze bar tag with it several times, before finally staggering out of bed and into the bathroom. After I finished my oblutions, I went to wake Jane and Josh.
When I entered the living room I gasped. Jane was lying nude in Josh's arms in a tangled mess of sheets. Her figure was beautiful: her perky tits were full C cups with nice dark nipples that occupied the centre of the breast. Her tummy was flat and her pubes were nicely trimmed. Her skin was flawless and I caught sight of part of a tattoo. I was aroused again. I wanted to see more, but thought better of it because Josh was more muscular than I and he looked like he could kick my ass. Plus, I gave him my word.
They both looked zonked and I didn't want them to think I was peeping at them, so I carefully covered them up with a discarded blanket and went to the kitchen seeking coffee and food. Later, I woke them with coffee and aspirin and we got ready to head to the airport.
We passed the cab ride over in silence. When we got to the airport, we checked our baggage, and I said goodbye to Josh. He thanked me and said, "Remember what you promised me Martin." I told him I would, then told Jane I'd meet her in the security zone and left them to say their goodbyes to each other.
About 15 minutes later, Jane met me in the lounge and I bought her a coffee. Her eyes were still a little red from crying. We sat in silence for a few minutes while she composed herself. Eventually I was able to draw her out to talk to me by enquiring about what she wanted to do first in Paris.
An hour later, we boarded the plane and sat down in our seats (I had booked first class). The steward came and offered us champagne and a hot towel, which we gladly accepted. About an hour into our flight, they announced they had newlyweds on the plane and congratulated Mr and Mrs Lockwood. Jane and I played it up, since our situation would have been too complex to explain. Our fellow first class passengers congratulated us, and drinks were ordered. For the second time in less than 24 hours Jane and I got smashed. After a few hours of shots and champagne, Jane said she was tired and wanted to sleep so the steward brought us a blanket. I was also feeling wiped. KJ snuggled up against me and the last thing I remember is the soft warm skin and her clean-smelling hair.
I awoke with a start a couple hours later. My cock was rock hard again. I figured that Jane was still sleeping beside me. Her head was on my shoulder and her breathing was deep and regular. However, her hand was on my crotch under the blanket! My hard tool was throbbing and my head was pounding as my mind raced to process all this new information. Just two weeks ago, I was engaged to be married to my Jane, and here I was with a new Jane, with whom I was increasingly falling in lust. It was everything about her: the way she smiled and laughed, the way her tits jiggled and her nipples got hard when she dried her hair, the way she trimmed her pubes, the way she talked dirty when getting down and dirty. More and more, I wanted to know what it was like to get into her panties; to feel her, to taste her, to make her talk dirty for me.
In my present state however, I didn't want to wake her because I was afraid she would feel my hardness. I also figured they would be waking us soon for the landing at Charles de Gaulle. KJ stirred against me and moaned, and her hand remained planted in my crotch. How was I going to do this and save face?
I tried to think about something, anything, like walking along the Champs Elysee and eating a baguette in a riverside cafe. Maybe getting a nice bottle of wine and some cheese. It helped and my erection began to subside a little. However, time was not on my side. The plane hit some turbulence and the jolt woke Jane up. Her hand still on my crotch, she looked at me with bleary eyes and asked the time and our location. I'm sure she noticed my erection because she gave it a little squeeze before withdrawing her hand. I was both confused and aroused, but since she didn't say anything I wasn't going to say anything either.
We landed and got through customs without much fanfare. We hailed a cab outside the airport and got a ride towards the city centre. We had reservations at La Maison des Cartes, a boutique hotel dating back to the mid-18th century.
The hotel facade was beautiful and the lobby was nicely done in ornate French style. Jane exclaimed how much she liked it too. We went up to the desk, and were greeted by Marie-Pascale. I speak French so it was easy to converse with her in her native language. She asked for our passports and confirmed them against the reservation. Then she congratulated us on our recent wedding. As Jane and I discussed earlier in the cab on the way over to the hotel, it would be too complex to disabuse people of that notion that we were on our honeymoon and explain the situation. Instead we agreed to go with the ruse that we were newlyweds because hotels usually throw in perks for honeymooners. We agreed to spilt bed residence 50/50 with one of us taking the bed every other night, and sleeping on the couch or pullout.
Marie-Pascale handed us the room key and a sheet with the wifi password. Jane and I headed up to the beautifully appointed bridal suite. We were both exhausted after all the drinking and the travel, so we agreed to crash for a couple hours, have a low key dinner, and make it an early night so that we could tackle Paris with full energy tomorrow.
As I lay in bed beside Jane, listening to her regular breathing, I thought about the way my feelings had changed for her in such a short time. I was attracted to her in so many ways, and I wanted her something fierce, but at the same time she was with Josh and I risked a lot if I tried anything. Besides, I knew Jane liked me as a friend, but she had not really made an indication that there was more to her feelings. Then again, there was that brief squeeze of my cock on the plane as we landed. Fuck! My head was spinning. However, I resolved not to do anything other than travel with her as a friend and (hopefully) keep my libido in check.
That evening passed without incident. We had 3 more days in Paris, so we were going to make the most of it. Over the next few days we did museums, galleries and monuments, and tonnes of walking. On our last night in Paris, we decided to go all out for a decadent French dinner in a fancy restaurant. The wine flowed and Jane and I had each polished off a bottle of excellent merlot.
When we got back to the hotel, we were too smashed to pull out the couch for me, so Jane said it was ok if I shared the queen bed with her.
She went into the bathroom to change while I stripped down to my boxers (which is more than I usually wore to bed). When she emerged from the bathroom, I already had the lights out and I was under the covers. Her silhouette against the light coming from the bathroom was stunning! The nightshirt clung to her hips and her firm breasts jutted out nicely from the front. I noticed her nipples were once again poking out to say hi to me. Then my glimpse of heaven was gone as she shut off the light and made her way over to the bed. That brief glimpse had been enough though: my penis was stiffening again. I turned on to my side away from her just in case she saw it or felt it.
She flopped onto the bed and asked if I was going to go to sleep or if I wanted to stay up with her and have a drink and talk. We didn't have to leave until 1:30 the next day, so I figured what the hell.
I asked her to hand me my shorts and a T-shirt. She asked me in a teasing voice "Why should I do that? I'm in my Jammies."
I was still a little too foggy to argue that logic. She got up, turned on the light again, and poured two glasses of wine. I successfully hid my erection in the blankets as we settled down and talked a bit more. We talked first about the travel reporter who was meeting is in Italy and traveling with us when we reached Bali. Gradually things got more personal. She asked why things with my Jane fell apart and how I was doing. I said I missed her but was very angry about the way things went down. I asked how she met Josh. She said her girlfriend had gone out with him a few times, but they broke it off because they were only compatible between the sheets. Jane sought her blessing and had been dating him for 11 months.
Up until this time, I had been able to control my erotic thoughts, but her next statement shattered that. "I think one of the reasons I love Josh so much is because he's such a great lover. I mean, he does things to my body that feel so incredible you know. He is absolutely amazing at giving oral. Did you and Jane get along ok in bed?"
I knew from listening to them the night before we left that she appreciated his efforts. My Jane and I had had a decent love life and I told her so. "Did you guys ever do anything crazy? Josh and I had sex in a steam room at the spa, and every once in a while I let him take me in a naughty place. He thinks I can be a tease sometimes though."
My cock was now leaking precum inside my boxers and I surreptitiously gave it a squeeze. I gulped and replied that no, we usually did things in our bedroom and I never got to touch her other hole.
She continued to tell me about some of her experiences with Josh, and with other guys, no doubt buoyed by all the wine we had consumed. She once let a guy (not Josh) finger her in a restaurant, and then in the cab on the way home. When she was nineteen, she flashed her panties at an older man sitting across the aisle from her on the bus. She knew he was looking she said "because he was getting a stiffy, kinda like the one you're sporting right now Martin."
My face went beet red. Jane giggled and bit her upper lip, looking all coy and cute, and said, "It's ok Martin, you don't need to be so shy. I was just teasin ya. It's only natural right?"
"I'm so sorry," I stammered. "I don't want to ruin your trip Jane. I'm so embarrassed right now."
"Don't be embarrassed Martin. You have nothing to apologize for. If anyone should apologize, it should be me. I guess Josh is right and I can be a tease. Maybe we should call it a night ok?"
I downed the last of my wine and agreed. I told her we should try pulling out the couch again. We both struggled with it, but eventually got it pulled out. We both went to the bathroom once more, then turned out the lights and climbed into our separate beds.
I was too riled up and too horny to sleep. I lay there in the darkened room, listening for the sounds of her breathing to indicate she was falling asleep. Instead, I only heard my own heavy breathing and heard her fidgeting and rolling around. I was hoping that she'd go to sleep so that I could masturbate to take the edge off.
After about 40 minutes she sighed loudly, then whispered "Martin, are you still awake?"
"Yes."
"I can't sleep."
"What's the matter Jane?"
"Oh, it's everything. I'm sorry I talked to you about sex, and I'm sorry I teased and embarrassed you. I guess I couldn't help myself. And now I'm all kinda hot and bothered and Josh isn't here and you are so I can't..,uhh... You know...uhh take care of myself."
My hardon from earlier reasserted itself as I heard her confess these things. I was at a loss for words. I was thinking to myself "why don't you just get yourself off quietly? I was going to do the same once you were asleep." But I didn't say anything.
She continued talking. "So like there's another example of me being a tease. Telling you I'm horny and that I want to touch myself. Again, I'm sorry for teasing you. You must hate me. Hey, are you still awake over there?"
I argued with myself about keeping quiet to see (hear) if she would start masturbating. I don't know why but I found myself telling her that I was still awake.
"Martin, uhh...are you still horny too?"
What?!? How should I answer? Should I continue being a gentleman and lie to her? Or should I roll the dice and admit how turned on I was at the moment, and how my feelings for her had developed for her over the latest several days?
It seems that fate was going to decide for me. I was in my briefs lying on top of the covers on my cot, rubbing my dick when she unexpectedly turned on the light. Caught literally with my hand in the cookie jar!!
"I guess you are," she said. "I'll give you some privacy. I'm going to take a shower." She scooted into the bathroom and a moment later I heard the shower start. I lay there in stunned silence, not daring to move. I was even more embarrassed than before, but I was still also incredibly aroused. KJ's teasing was really getting to me and I wanted to jerk off, but I wasn't sure how much time I'd have before she finished her shower. So I waited her out with my hardon throbbing the entire time. I decided that I was going to shower and take care of that when she finished. Finally I heard the water turn off, and 20 minutes later she came out of the bathroom. Again I was struck by her beauty and the lovely scent of her shampoo.
As she crossed to her bed, she stopped to look at me (now thankfully covered by my blankets) and asked "Feel better?"
"Uhh no. I mean I didn't..."
"Oh Martin, I'm sorry."
"It's ok Jane. I think I need to go take a shower too."
"To...you know?"
"Yeah."
"Ok Martin. Have fun."
"Jane, could you please turn off the light?"
"I guess so." Once the light was out, I crossed to the bathroom and closed the door. This entire time, my prick had remained hard, and now it was aching. I started the shower and hopped in. I soaped up and started to stroke it, imagining Jane doing all sorts of sexy things. When I thought about her masturbating in this shower not 30 minutes ago, that sent me over the edge and I launched thick ropes of cum all over the shower wall.
Once my prick became soft, I cleaned the mess I made and turned off the water. I exited the bathroom a few minutes later and crossed over to my bed.
"Good night Martin. Hope you feel better now." I could almost hear the smile in her voice.
"Good night Jane."
Chapter 4 - Jane teases me all over Italy
The next day was hectic. We were flying to Rome at 1:30 pm. We checked out after a quick breakfast (un petit déjeunneras the French say). We touched down in Rome and got out of the airport just in time to sit in afternoon rush hour traffic. We finally got to the hotel, only to discover there was a problem with the room. Apparently their bridal suites didn't come with a pullout couch. They called it a "couch" on their website, but in reality, it was little more than a really large seat for 1. Not even a love seat.
Jane and I went down to the desk, and the clerk looked at us weirdly when we asked for a cot. I guess he figured we were newlyweds and wouldn't need one. He asked if we were expecting company, and we said no but we still needed the cot anyways. He shot me a glance as if to impugn my manhood, then sighed and spoke to someone in Italian to facilitate that for us.
A short time later, a bellhop with a big smirk on his face delivered a cot to our room. We got ready for an evening out for dinner. It was kind of unspoken, but I know I wasn't in the mood to party after last night's embarrassing episodes and I'm pretty sure Jane felt the same. We had a lovely dinner and really enjoyed each other's company. Last night's awkwardness was not discussed at all and things seemed to have gone back to the way they were when I had first met Jane. We decided on our activities for the next day, paid our bill and returned to the hotel.
I got the cot ready for Jane, while she performed her nightly routine in the bathroom. When she came out, I was under the covers with the laptop answering emails. We had a meeting with the travel reporter in two days hence, and I was making arrangements to meet him.
Jane called to me, "Martin are you sure you set this cot up correctly?"
"Pretty sure KJ. Why?"
"Because the thing won't stay folded down. Look!"
I looked over and she sat down on one end, then stretched out to lay flat (showing a bit of her toned thigh below the hem of her modest night shirt I might add). Once she lay down, her bum in the middle of the cot pushed the middle down and the ends began to fold up. "I'm not a V Martin. I can't sleep on this."
"Here, let me see if I missed a latch or something." I put on a shirt and got out of bed. I looked all over the cot but couldn't find anything. Indeed the mechanism that held it in an unfolded state seemed to be damaged somehow and it wouldn't stay open if there was any pressure in the middle. I called down to the desk and told them about the problem. The young lady at the desk apologized, but they didn't have any other cots available tonight.
We folded up the now useless cot and pushed it out of the way. Being a gentleman, I offered up the bed to Jane and I'd sleep on the floor. She put on a little show of arguing with me, but gladly took the double bed that was offered. I finished my emails and then made a "bed" on the floor.
Jane and I bid each other good night and she turned off the light. She soon fell asleep, but I was unable to get comfy. I tossed and turned most of the night and was lucky if I slept 2 hours. I thought about crawling into bed beside Jane, but I didn't have the courage to do so. Besides, she would have thought it was creepy or something. I was awake before sunrise and pounded down a couple coffees, waiting for Jane to wake up.
We eventually left the room, had breakfast and spent the day touring a sculpture gallery and a couple art galleries. Tomorrow we were meeting Tom Park, travel writer for the Toronto Daily, at the Colloseum. We went back to the hotel about 4:00 to chill and get ready for dinner. Our cab driver from earlier in the day had recommended a trattoria not too far from our hotel. He said it featured some excellent wines. At the hotel, we also tried to get another cot. The same guy was working the desk, and he smiled at me with thinly veiled contempt as he listened to me describe the problem. Of course he would see if there was another cot, but he couldn't guarantee there would be. About 30 minutes later, the same smirking bellhop arrived with a cot. I tipped him despite his impudent smirk, and proceeded to test it out. It was the same cot from last night!
In a rage, I called down to the desk and got the same jerk from earlier. "I'm sorry Signor Lockwood, all the other cots are being used by other guests. Maybe we will have one for tomorrow."
I slammed down the phone. Jane consoled me and said she'd take the floor tonight. Then we got ready for dinner and left our room.
Dinner was great, and the wine indeed was excellent. Jane looked amazing in a beige sweater that suited her figure nicely, and a pair of jeans that hugged her hips in all the right places. The wine was going down so well, we ordered a second bottle. I enjoyed this beautiful woman's company while we discussed things like camping as kids, riding bikes, playing soccer. We got to know each other better and had an amazing amount in common. I asked what she and Josh liked to do together. She said they didn't have many common interests; he liked video games and getting high, whereas she liked outdoor activities and the sort of stuff we were doing on our trip. About the only thing they had in common was how well they worked together in the bedroom.
That suddenly put a chill on the conversation, as if she realized she had crossed the line again. She mumbled an apology and changed the subject. Things got back to normal and I thought, "crisis averted".
She excused herself, got up from the table to go to bathroom and, as she stood up, one of her firm breasts brushed against my arm. That brief touch sent chills rushing up my spine, and a rush of blood you-know-where. I turned to watch her walk to the bathroom, admiring the sway of her hips. Just as she reached the door, she turned back to look and caught me staring. She smiled and gave me a quizzical look. I turned beet red and averted my gaze, but I knew I'd been caught leering at her.
When she returned from the bathroom a couple moments later, she resumed her seat and acted like nothing had happened. We continued to talk, and once again as the wine flowed, the barriers broke down and the conversation turned sexual. For some reason, I found myself explaining how I'd lost my virginity to a girl named Tess in 12th grade. She told me about her first time with a guy named Chase in the back seat of his Honda.
I realized that once again, the sexual talk and the alcohol combined to produce an erection. This time I wasn't too far gone though. I mumbled something about not remembering and tried to change the subject to our meeting tomorrow with the travel writer from the paper.
After dinner, we returned to the hotel. Jane was still a bit tipsy, but my head had cleared some. Jane and I face timed with Josh for a bit, then I left the room for a bit to give them some privacy. I left the room and went down to the desk to see if I could do anything about the cot. The guy working the desk was useless, but at least he was pleasant to deal with, unlike the day shift guy. I then went out for a short walk to a nearby cafe and picked up a couple espressos for Jane and I.
I returned to the room about 40 minutes later. Jane was sitting on the "couch" filling out a postcard. There was an empty wineglass on the coffee table. I gave her the espresso and asked how her FaceTime reunion with Josh went.
With a glint in her eye, she said it was fun and was amazed at how good the camera was on her iPad at home. Her lip quirked up in a smile and she started giggling. She stood up unsteadily and announced that she was going to take a shower because she "needed some relief". I'm ashamed to admit but my cock twitched when she said this. She then bounded into the washroom and closed the door. A short time later, I heard the water start running. She had obviously gone in there to masturbate, and of course the more I thought about what she might be doing in there, the harder I got. Last time she did this, I vaguely recalled it took her like 30 minutes to finish. I figured I could rub one out in half the time and be done before she came back to the room.
I took off my pants and my briefs and pictured KJ in the shower, the water cascading over her hot naked body. I wondered if she inserted her fingers into her vagina, or if she just stimulated her clit, or both, to get off. I started stroking my 7 inches, slowly, paying attention to the head. I spit into my palm and started beating off faster, enjoying the sensations. I guess I didn't hear the shower shut off. The pressure was building and I was going to cum soon. Suddenly light spilled into the room from the bathroom and Jane was saying "Hey Martin, is it ok if...oh sorry." I couldn't help it. I had just started cumming and couldn't stop. As the cum spurted from the head of my engorged member, I bucked my hips and squeezed my balls. I don't think I could have stopped or covered up; I was too far gone by that point. Jane just stood in the doorway and watched the whole thing.
When it was over, the embarrassment set in. I scrambled to cover up with the bedding. Jane turned out the light and crossed the floor to the bed. She crawled in beside me and looked deeply into my eyes. "It looks like you needed that. Good night." With that, she rolled over. I lay there in stunned disbelief for several minutes. Eventually I cleaned myself up, got into my pajamas and rejoined her in bed. I tossed and turned for a few hours, replaying that scene in my mind: the way she watched intently from the doorway, the way our eyes made contact as I shot my load, the way she had been so nonchalant about it afterwards. This sort of sexual experience was just not in my wheelhouse.
Ultimately I made a decision; if she was going to play it cool, then I would too. Eventually I fell asleep, but was awakened just a couple hours later by the alarm. We got up and got ready without saying much to each other. We left the room and went for breakfast. We were scheduled to meet Tom Park at 10 at the Colloseum. Jane and I didn't have much to say to each other during breakfast or the ensuing cab ride either.
We arrived at the Colloseum. Jane was wearing a tasteful sweater, fall coat and jeans, and she carried it off well, conveying the girl-next-door look. Tom met us outside of the main entrance.
He was a handsome Asian, short and trim. He looked like he kept himself in good physical shape. He was lugging a couple bags of gear, and he had a notepad and tape recorder.
To break the ice, he took a picture of us together at the taxi stand, then a couple of us separately. He asked us how our trip was progressing, our opinion of Paris, what we did etc. I found Tom to be easy to talk to, as did Jane, and he seemed to draw us out of our funk.
We spent the morning exploring the awe-inspiring ruins, posing for pictures and answering Tom's questions about our travels. He seemed distressed to hear about our experiences with rude staff and shitty cots at our Roman hotel, and took note of that.
We had a quick spot of lunch while Tom told us of some of his travels. It turns out that Tom was originally from Victoria, and had travelled to 75 different countries as part of his job. I think it took us both by surprise to learn Tom was 42; he didn't look a day over 30 to me.
While we were eating, I had a chance to observe Jane closely. It seemed to me that she was hanging off Tom's every word. She leaned in to listen, was playing with her hair, and even found excuses to touch him a couple times! Jane was flirting with him, and for his part, I could tell he liked the attention he was receiving. After a while, they both seemed to ignore me and talked almost exclusively to each other.
At any rate, we wrapped up the day with more sightseeing and photos. Jane invited Tom to dinner and he accepted. He recommended a great little place he knew that had been run by a single family for 5 generations that was close to our hotel.
We arrived at the restaurant and Tom was greeted like an old friend by the young owner, his wife, his father and his sister. We were seated at one of three tables and the Italian hospitality machine got rolling.
Our food was excellent, and Tom made great dinner company, but again it seemed to be more 'the Jane and Tom show'. Of course, what would an 8-course Italian meal be if it weren't served with wine. The owner's sister brought out a bottle from the family's own vineyard, followed by a few more as the night wore on. Jane and Tom continued to flirt. At one point I remember the father singing an aria, and Tom telling us a story about Roman vomitoriums. Then something he asked cut through the haze that had been building all evening. "So if the cot is broken, what are your sleeping arrangements? Are you guys sharing a bed?"
Silence. All merrymaking stopped. Jane shot me a panicked glance as I sputtered and coughed. Neither of us said a word for several moments. Tom looked from me to Jane, then recognition dawned on his face. I had to stop this before it started. "It's not what you think Tom. We've been taking turns sleeping on the floor." Jane vigorously nodded her head in agreement.
Tom looked satisfied and went back to talking about his travels. After the large meal and everything else, I was beat. I suggested Jane and I head back to our room because we were flying to Venice tomorrow.
Tom piped up and said there was one last official duty he must do, and that was to see the hotel, and specifically our room. So the three of us staggered back to the hotel. Tom took pictures of the lobby, of us in front of the hotel, Jane standing in the elevator, me in our hallway, then finally we were in our room.
We hung out for a bit. Tom produced another bottle of wine that the restaurant owner's father had given to him before we left. He cracked it open and poured himself and Jane a glass. I declined, saying I was going to try to get some sleep. I went to the washroom, got ready for bed, bid them goodnight and crawled into bed. They remained on the couch, talking quietly. Sleep soon took me.
I awoke at some point in the night. The room was dark, but I could hear Jane moaning and a slap-slap sound, then the moans got louder and then there was a shush and a giggle. There was some grunting too. Tom was still here! The moans were muffled for a time, but they steadily became louder until Tom shushed her again. They were fucking with me in the room!
I lay there quietly, pretending to sleep, but drinking it all in with my ears. My prick was rock hard as I listened to Jane whisper harshly "Fuck me! Fuck me Tom. It feels so good." He groaned and increased his pace.
"That's right baby. Right there! Oh yes, your cock feels so good in my tight little cunny."
Tom tried to shush her, telling her to remember that I was in the bed. She said "Oh don't worry about him. He's still asleep. I can see him..ah..from here. Oh that's it. Rub my little clitty. I'm close. I'm going to cum soon. Fuck me harder!"
I slowly turned my head to look at them. By the ambient light in the room, I could see them. Jane was sitting astride Tom's lap, vigorously bouncing up and down on his fuck pole in reverse cowgirl position. Tom had one hand on her waist and the other hand was between her legs.
Shit! Jane and I made eye contact. She held my gaze, her face contorted in lust. Then she moaned and loudly proclaimed that she was cumming, all the while keeping eye contact with me. She rode out her orgasm, not even attempting to be quiet despite Tom's remonstrance to do so.
After she finished, she climbed off Tom and said, "You still haven't cum yet, have you?" Tom, his stiff throbbing prick still pointing at the ceiling, replied that he hadn't, but he was close.
"Come here," she said. I closed my eyes as she approached the bed. I heard some shuffling and assumed Tom got up. My eyes were closed, so I was surprised to sense movement near my head. Then I heard her whisper, quite close to my ear, "Remember earlier, when you told me about you and that couple at the hostel in Argentina?"
Wait. What? I didn't remember hearing anything about Argentine hostels?!?
"Yes," Tom whispered in an almost-hiss.
Jane purred. "That story made me so hot. I got all wet just thinking about it. It's too bad Martin came back from the washroom before I had a chance to do anything about it."
"Yeah," Tom moaned. I was suddenly aware that he was also close to my head.
"Well Mr Park, how would you like to recreate that scene now, but this time, we can be the Dutch couple and Martin can be you?"
"Oh my god Jane, you're so kinky!"
What was going on?
I kept my eyes squeezed shut, and tried to keep my breathing slow and regular. Luckily my hard cock was hidden by the blankets. I began hearing sucking noises and low moans coming from Jane - she was blowing Tom right beside my head!
Tom groaned and the slurping grew louder. Suddenly I heard a pop, signifying his prick popping out of her mouth, then a moment later, I heard Tom grunt and felt warm cum splash on my face!
Oh my god! Tom was shooting his load on my face! It was so visceral, so erotic and so damn exciting that my own cum erupted into my underwear. Jane was moaning and telling Tom how hot it was to watch him do this to me. I remained quiet as the sperm pumped out of me, soiling my underwear. Tom's spunk was running down my cheek and into one of my eyes. It stung. Finally he finished and I felt him back away. Then I felt a tongue start licking the cum off my face!
Jane continued to softly lick my face, moaning softly. Tom must have left the room to use the washroom, because Jane whispered, "Thanks for being part of one of the kinkiest sexual experiences of my life Martin."
Then she was gone. I listened to Tom get dressed a few moments later, thank Jane and give her a kiss goodbye, then leave. Jane crawled into bed shortly thereafter and fell asleep. Yet again, I laid awake all night contemplating this girl and her teasing, and just how hot I was for her.
Dawn arrived and the sun came flooding into our room. My thoughts were scattered as I sat on the couch, looking at Jane's panties that were sitting on the coffee table. I hadn't slept and I had gone into the washroom an hour ago to masturbate and take a shower. Jane was still sleeping, snoring softly. Everything else was quiet, but inside my skull there was chaos and turmoil.
I let her sleep, but as the sun rose, displaying more of her naked form, I had an epiphany. All my confusion, guilt and lust turned into determination. I was not going to get drunk with her any more, and as much as I could, I would try to encourage and influence Jane to abstain as well. Drunk Jane had too much libido and personality for me to handle; I got along better with sober Jane. At least, sober Jane made me less horny.
I roused her from sleep, made her coffee and gave her some aspirin for her headache. She barely made eye contact with me, but I caught her checking out my face and hair (she was probably trying to see if there was dried cum still left over). For my part, I was going to try and move past it, so I didn't say anything and neither did she.
We checked out of the hotel, made a light breakfast and headed to the airport. The flight to Venice was too short for sleep, so I read my book and listened to some music. Jane still had this contrite attitude, like a dog that's been caught pooping on the rug. When the stewardess came around, we both politely refused her offer of champagne. Jane looked like she wanted to say something, but she didn't. I let her stew. 'Who's the tease now my dear,'I thought.
We landed in Venice and took a taxi from the airport, followed by a water taxi. I had booked a really nice hotel on a small plaza near the Grand Canal. Even though it was only 5pm local time, I was exhausted. KJ and I agreed to have a quick dinner, then retire to our room so that we could get an early start tomorrow. The following day, we were scheduled for the first follow-up TV interview with Kristin, so I wanted to get the sightseeing out of the way tomorrow.
Over dinner we made small talk about the flight, the new room, how beautiful Venice looked etc. We did not talk about Tom or the events of last night, although Jane looked like she was on the verge of bringing it up multiple times. Back in our room, Jane sighed loudly as she sat on the bed, toying with the iPad. She kept opening and closing the camera app for FaceTime.
Finally, she spoke. "Martin, I'm sorry about last night. Things got a little out of control with Tom."
It was as if a dam inside me burst and all my pent up frustration, sexual and otherwise, came pouring out.
"A little out of control Jane? You fucked him on our couch! You flirted shamelessly with him all day, then you fuck him, then you made him...you know...on my face! I was so humiliated! And you knew I was awake too!" By this time I was yelling. She at least had the grace to flush and look sheepish at this. Now she knew I was aware of everything.
"Are you finished Martin?"
"No! You totally misrepresented yourself! You're not the girl next door. You're a drunk and a tease and a slut! I wonder if you came on this trip just so you could fuck people in other countries!"
I stopped myself, but it was too late, the damage was done. Hurt appeared in her eyes, then tears. Without a word, she rushed to the door, grabbed her coat and left, slamming the door behind her. I had been feeling so righteous in my anger, but now I felt nothing but guilt and shame. I donned my own coat and left the room to search for her. I didn't see her in the lobby, nor on the street in front of the hotel. I walked up and down the street for an hour, but still couldn't find her, so I gave up and went back to the room. I passed several miserable hours, until finally exhaustion overcame me and I fell asleep.
I was awoken by a dinging sound at some point in the early morning. Groggily, I got out of bed searching for the source of the sound. No Jane, but I did find it was the iPad sending a FaceTime call request. It was Josh! What was I going to tell him? Do I ignore it?
I ignored the first call, but he called back again 5 minutes later. I answered this time. It was Josh, and he looked fucked up (high or drunk, I'm not sure which).
He slurred into the camera, "Where's my Janey?"
"Sorry Josh, she stepped out briefly to get some pop from the corner store. I can have her call you when she gets back." I was trying to keep the panic out of my voice. Then I heard the sound of voices and loud singing out in the hallway. Shit, Jane was back and for some reason it sounded like she had company!
Josh had maybe agreed for Jane to call him back; I wasn't sure because I was distracted by my fear. I hung up with him and went to the washroom. I was hoping that Jane would come in here first and I didn't want to confront her in front of her "company". I heard fumbling at the lock, then light from the hallway spilled into the darkened room. I heard Jane shout "Martin honey, we're home!" This was followed by gales of laughter from her two companions. I peeked out of a crack in the door, but the lights were still out so I couldn't get a look at them. I heard a man with a British accent ask where the loo was, while a girl with a French accent asked Jane about her travel companion. Shit! The guy was coming into the washroom where I was hiding! I climbed into the shower stall just as the guy entered the washroom. Unfortunately, I didn't think it all the way through. He flipped on the lights and saw me standing in the stall because the glass was not opaque.
"'ello! Who might you be then?"
Before I could answer, Jane appeared in the doorway and said, "Oh he's nobody. He's someone who used to be my friend, but then he let me down. And what do we say about people who let us down?"
Both the guy and girl shouted "Fuck them!!" Then they all whooped. They were all drunk as lords.
I shouted, "Jane get in here!" I looked at the guy. He looked back at me, staggering a bit. I said, "Do you mind? I'd like to talk to the lady alone."
"Aww but I've got to drain the lizard mate."
"Do it somewhere else mate!"
Jane piped up, "It's ok Kwame. Go out and keep Genevieve warm and I'll be out shortly." Then she rounded on me. "What do you want Martin?"
"Jane, who are these people?"
"Kwame and Genevieve d'uh."
"Do you know them from somewhere?"
"I met them downstairs at the hotel bar. Are we done here?"
Exasperated, I said "Jane, you just can't bring strangers back to our room!"
"But they're not strangers Martin, they're Kwame and Genevieve and they're my friends. I invited them back up here for a drink. Oh, that reminds me, do we still have any of that excellent wine from the other night in Rome? You know, from the restaurant we went to with Tom?"
I told her I didn't know, so she turned around and left the bathroom. I debated letting her know that Josh had called, but ultimately decided against it because I didn't want him to see her fucked up, or potentially doing something with these people she picked up.
In the other room, the party was getting started. The lights came on, some music started playing and they got louder and wilder. I remained in the bathroom, listening to them yell and sing and whoop it up. I looked out at them.
Kwame must be in his early 30s. He was handsome despite his beer belly, and he had a big Afro and gold hoops in one ear.
Genevieve didn't look a day over 18. She was pale and skinny, with a waif-like figure. Her hair was dyed orange and she was absolutely gorgeous.
I went back into the washroom, and sat there for about 20 minutes trying to think of what to say to Jane. It slowly dawned on me that all I could hear was the music; no more talking, laughing or singing. Oh shit.
I got up the courage to peek into the other room. Kwame was sitting on the bed, while Jane was sliding his pants down to his ankles. Genevieve had doffed her shirt and was busy feeding him one of her small breasts. I watched as Jane slid Kwame's underwear down next, exposing the longest cock I've ever seen outside of a porno. It wasn't very thick, but it had to be at least 10 inches long, and veins pulsed along the smooth dark shaft. His dark skin contrasted nicely against the white skin of the two girls he was with.
Jane wrapped her hand around the base of his shaft, and engulfed the head in her mouth. She sucked it for a moment, then removed it from her mouth and looked at me, standing in the doorway. Jane knew I was watching, and the look she gave me said she knew I was going to continue to watch, so she was going to put on a show. It's like she was almost daring me to say something. Instead I stood, rooted to the spot in the bathroom doorway and watched. Jane was on all fours as she went back to sucking on Kwame's enormous prick with a gusto.
Meanwhile, he has his hands busy inside Genevieve's pants. She was wearing stretch yoga pants, and I could see the outline of his hand straining against the fabric as he worked his fingers in and out of her snatch. Genevieve was moaning loudly and urging him on in French. Jane continued to stuff as much of Kwame's meat into her mouth as she could, occasionally shooting glances back at me.
Part of me wanted to leave, part of me wanted to stay and watch, and part of me wanted to run over there and join them at the feast of sexual delights.
About this time, Kwame opened his eyes and noticed me. "Uhh Jane, your roommate is just standing there staring at us. Is he a wanker, or is he going to join us?"
Jane glanced at me, then simply moaned around his cock and continued sucking without saying a word. Genevieve climbed off the bed and positioned herself behind Jane. She slowly peeled off her jeans. Jane wiggled her ass at me as the French waif started caressing her backside.
I marveled at the smooth perfect globes of Jane's ass cheeks, and the pink thong wedged in between them. Genevieve started running the side of her hand up and down the thong covering Jane's crotch, causing Jane to push back and roll her hips. I watched intently as Genevieve cupped Jane's mound and started diddling her clit with her index finger through the thin material. Jane was stroking that long cock with one hand, while stuffing 3 to 4 inches into her mouth. I could see her cheeks pucker inwards, indicating that she was sucking him hard. Kwame moaned in pleasure from Jane's oral treatment. Then Genevieve peeled down Jane's thong and buried her face into the valley of sweet delights.
Kwame's cock plopped out of Jane's mouth and she groaned delight. "Right there sugar! Oh that's soo good. Ohhh! Ooh, that's it, rim me! Stick your tongue in my mmmph." Kwame had shoved his cock back in her mouth and Genevieve continued to lick and suck Jane's pleasure centre. I couldn't take it any longer; I pulled my cock out and started beating off furiously as I watched the sexy threesome play out.
Genevieve climbed on top of Kwame's enormous fuck stick and started riding him in reverse cowgirl position. Jane crawled up between his legs and cupped his balls, alternating between lightly stroking them with her fingertips, and pulling hard on them. She bent down and licked at the top of Genevieve's stretched slit, touching her tongue to the girl's engorged clit. She also licked the hard black shaft that was disappearing in and out of that beautiful pink pussy.
Suddenly, Kwame reached down and pulled his cock out of the young French waif and shot his spuzz on her belly before Jane's mouth enveloped the purple black head and swallowed the rest. Genevieve smeared his oyster sauce over her belly and rubbed her clit, moaning loudly.she shouted in French, "That's it my friends, I'm cumming too!" She shuddered and emitted a stream of lady juices, squirting onto Jane's face.
Once she had settled down, and Kwame's erection subsided, Jane whined, "I still need to cum you guys!" This was my cue. I cleared my throat and was about to step into the room when Kwame piped up. "Relax love. I've got more than enough to go around. Bring your pretty white fanny up here."
Jane stood up (none too steadily) and glanced back at me. There I was standing in the doorway, beating off. She smirked as she looked at my cock, and climbed on the bed with him. Rage boiled up in me, as well as determination. I was not going to give her the satisfaction of watching me cum. I turned and retreated into the washroom, followed by the sounds of their laughter.
For the next half hour, I listened to the sounds of their fucking. Hearing Jane cry out, "Your big black cock feels so good in my ass!" triggered my own orgasm. Tears of anger, frustration and sadness rolled down my face as I shot my wad. Eventually the door opened and Genevieve, still naked, came into the washroom. "Je m'excuse Martin. I need to pee."
I stepped back into the main room and Genevieve closed the door behind her. Kwame was laying sprawled out on the bed, sighing with pleasure. Jane lay beside him, leisurely licking the bulbous head of his huge rod. He looked up and noticed me standing there. "See something you want mate?" Jane turned and looked at me. I could see an expression of satisfaction and lust on her face. Once again, she didn't say anything and returned to the task at hand. I was ashamed to say, but once again my staff became rigid. I blushed furiously and turned my back on them. What could be taking Genevieve so long in the bathroom?
I assume that Jane must have stopped what she was doing because she said, "I need to be fucked. Hard."
"You want this then, love?"
"Yes, fuck me with your huge black cock." Then I heard some shuffling, and Jane squealed and Kwame groaned. I was trying hard not to turn and watch them, as well as resisting urge to touch myself. It was unbelievably hard as I heard Jane urging him to fuck her, and to hear him grunting and their flesh slapping together. I almost cried in relief as I saw Genevieve come out of the washroom. I darted past her and closed the door. I spent the rest of the night in there, curled up in the tub.
I was awoken by the sunlight streaming in and the sound of someone peeing. I opened my eyes to see KJ relieving herself. She was still naked. She said,"Oh good, you're awake. We need to talk. Can you give me a moment to finish though?"
I got up and left the bathroom. Thankfully, our "guests" were gone. Jane emerged a couple minutes later, seemingly unconcerned by her nudity and asked if I wanted a coffee. I asked her to put on some clothes first.
While Jane searched for her clothes, she began, "Martin, I'm so sorry..."
"How? How are you sorry Jane?"
"Will you just be quiet and let me finish please? I'm sorry again to put you in that situation and I'm sorry that you saw a side of me that I'm not proud of."
"What side is that Jane? The side that is sweet and kind and funny? Or the side that fucks everything that moves, except me apparently?"
Tears sprung in her eyes again. "Martin, this is so hard for me. Please don't make it more difficult."
"Ok," I grumbled.
"When I get drinking, sometimes I get a little...affectionate. I am a very sexual person, and my libido goes into overdrive when I've had a few drinks."
I asked, "Does Josh know?"
"Yes and no. I mean he knows what a wild cat I can be in bed. But I don't think he knows about anyone else. Since I've been together with him, there's only been 3 others."
"Six now," I mumbled.
"Anyways look, I'm apologizing to you now, and I promise for the rest of our trip, I won't have more than 2 drinks at any event we attend."
"I guess I can accept that. For what it's worth, I said some hurtful things and I apologize for that."
"Thanks Martin. Friends?"
"Friends. Oh by the way, Josh tried to call you last night just before you arrived with your friends. He looked a bit wasted. I told him you were out getting a pop and that you'd call him back."
"Shit. I guess I should call him. Can you give me a few minutes?"
"Sure." I left the room and went in to have a shower.
When I came out of the bathroom, Jane was engaged in a cheerful conversation with Josh. I walked over and said hello and made a bit of idle chit-chat, then told Jane we had to get ready for our day. Josh asked me to wait a minute, so Jane said goodbye and went into the bathroom to get herself ready.
I was wondering why Josh wanted to talk to me alone and was dreading what he was going to say. When he did speak though, I was quite surprised.
"Just so you know man, the lady, Kristin, who is interviewing you tomorrow is going to try to bring up your ex. She said on last night's broadcast that she's been in contact with your old lady and is going to try playing her tape of the conversation. Is that something you want to hear?"
I was speechless for a moment, trying to let his words sink in. I didn't know what my ex had said to Kristin, but it was most likely unkind and unflattering. I thanked Josh for the intel and ended the call. Jane emerged from the bathroom 45 minutes later looking clean and refreshed. We breakfasted, then left our hotel and went to the piazza in front of the Doges' Palace, where we were meeting for the interview.
I could see the remote truck and crew near the corner of the palace, shading themselves from the hot noon sun. Jane and I strolled over and introduced ourselves and asked where Kristin was.
Mark, the burly camera guy said, "She's in makeup. Should be out in about 5."
A few minutes later, Kristin emerged from the remote van, looking fantastic again. She was wearing a light cotton chemise that was just barely modest enough for network television, exposing the swell of her bosom and hinting at generous cleavage, and khaki cargo pants that emphasized her curvy waistline. Again I was struck by how much I wanted to fuck her. But I was also wary of her, remembering what Josh had said. Kristin explained the way she envisioned our segment happening. She detailed the shots they would take, the interview, the subject matter she would cover, and gave us tips on how to respond in a way that best presents itself. She said nothing about having a recorded interview with my ex. The crew shot us walking over a bridge together, laughing and chatting, then marvelling at the architecture of some of the buildings nearby.
About 20 minutes later, we were live. We sat in folding directors chairs in the middle of the piazza as Kristin interviewed us. Again, Jane amazed me at how she came off - smart, funny, warm, genuine. Still, in the back of my mind I was thinking 'Boy if the viewers at home only knew what she sounded like with a big black cock up her ass, they'd be shocked'. That line of thinking got uncomfortable though and I had to stop before I popped a boner on live TV.
That was the exact moment that Kristin ambushed me. "Martin, I have spoken with your ex-fiancee. She made some comments on the record about your trip with this Ms Tillson. Would you like to know what she said?"
I stared blankly at her for a moment. I could feel my heart pounding in my ears. Time slowed down. Jane looked shocked and a little sad. Kristin smiled a vampish smile and nodded imperceptibly as if encouraging me to say yes. I thought about Josh's warning from earlier this morning, and how my ex and I had left things and all the hurtful things that were said. I managed to stammer, "Uhh, no, I don't think I want to hear what she had to say."
KJ looked relieved, but a tightening around Kristin's lips and eyes told me that she was angry. She covered it well though and said, "Martin, Jane, it's been lovely meeting you in Venice and catching up with you. I'll be meeting up with you again in Hong Kong in 10 days to do a follow up interview and see how your travels are going. Until then, ciao."
When we signed off, Kristin abruptly rose from her chair, shucked her mic and stormed away without a word to either of us. Jane and I stared at each other for a moment, then she said, "Do you believe that? Why's she being like that?"
"Well Jane, she was obviously not happy that I denied her the chance to ambush me on live TV. Your boyfriend was kind enough to warn me that she might try something when we spoke this morning."
"What?"
I said, "Yeah, apparently she's been telling her viewers that she has some juicy quotes from my Jane. I guess she wasn't happy that I declined. Oh well, that's done. Hopefully she calms down for the next time we meet her in Hong Kong. Speaking of that, we need to finish up here in Venice because we're taking the train to Florence in the morning."
Jane and I left the site of our interview and passed a pleasant day seeing more of Venice. Our trip to Florence was by train and was going to take a couple hours. Jane and I got settled into our comfortable seats and declined the champagne offered to us by an attatractive waitress. Jane said she was still feeling tired and requested a blanket. She told me train travel always makes her tired and she hoped I didn't mind if she slept.
She curled up and rolled away from me and was asleep 5 minutes after our departure. I used the time to review our itinerary for Florence and stare at the countryside passing by our window. About 45 minutes into our trip, I became aware of Jane moaning and squirming beside me. She still appeared to be asleep, but she must have been having a sexy dream. I caught little snippets like "oh yeah baby.." and "yes, your cock feels ughhh.."
Yet again, my own prick began responding to the sexy sounds she was making. And to my horror, I noticed that her sexy vocalizations were also being heard by passengers nearby. A woman directly behind us looked over her seatback trying to determine where the noise was coming from. And a businessman in his 40s was sitting across the aisle facing Jane and I. He glanced over the second or third time that Jane moaned in her sleep. Then he smiled at me and quirked his eyebrow. I grinned sheepishly, covered my growing erection with a newspaper and shrugged. He closed his laptop and made no bones about openly staring at Jane.
For her part, Jane was still vocalising, moaning and encouraging her dream lover. The businessman continued to leer at her, and was popping quite a tent in his tailored pants. I needed to put a stop to this before things got out of hand.
I leaned over and nudged Jane, quietly urging her to wake up. She groaned, but didn't immediately awake. So I shook her harder and said her name louder. This roused her and she looked around, trying to re-orient herself. I leaned over and whispered to her that she had been having a sex dream and that she had been talking in her sleep loud enough to arouse the businessman across from us. She shot him a horrified look and he smiled and winked at her.
For the next 10 minutes the businessman continued to stare at us, as if expecting us to do something. I did my best to avoid eye contact with him, instead staring out the window. Jane did her best to look everywhere except at the man. Finally, she couldn't take it anymore and whispered to me that she was going to the bathroom and would come out once we got to Florence. As she arose, the man smiled at her and blew her another kiss. Her face darkened, but she said nothing and rushed down the aisle towards the washroom. She looked back at me once before disappearing inside.
The businessman seemed to lose interest in me and picked up his paper and resumed reading. I went back to staring out the window. I must have zoned out, because when I looked around a short time later. Jane still wasn't back, and the businessman had left as well. I sat for another 5 minutes or so, but needed to relieve myself, so I made my way along the aisle to the rear of the car where the washrooms were located.
My heart stopped as I got close to the washroom that Jane had disappeared into earlier. There was moaning coming from inside, and not just female. Disgusted, I went into the other washroom and finished my business.
About 10 minutes later, we were pulling into the Florence train station when the businessman emerged from the washroom, wearing a big grin, zipping up his pants and straigtening out. Jane followed him out also looking satisfied and a little tousled.
The businessman strode casually down the aisle, stopped beside me, gave me a thumbs up, grabbed his overcoat then departed from the train. Jane at least had the grace to look sheepish and embarrassed. I sighed, rolled my eyes and also left the train.
Jane caught up to me on the busy platform where I was waiting for our baggage to be unloaded. She grabbed my arm and said, "Martin, I'm sorry. I was horny from the dream, and was in the bathroom masturbating when he knocked on the door and said my name. I thought it was you so I pulled up my pants and answered. He pushed his way inside, grabbed my hand and placed it in his crotch. He had such a hunger in his eyes, and I was still horny, so I rubbed him and then I let him, you know..."
Through gritted teeth I finished her thought. "Fuck you? You let a stranger on a train who looks to be twice your age fuck you? In the bathroom? You know Jane, you're some piece of work."
She retorted, "Yeah, well I'm not like you Martin. I don't have every minute of my life all planned out." Ouch, that hurt to hear, echoing what my ex-fiancée said about me.
Now with a bit more heat in her voice she continued, "I like to live by the seat of my pants sometimes. I'm a very sexual person as you know. I've always thought that you should just live in the moment. You know, give in to your desires. If it feels good do it sort of thing. That's how I live my life Martin and I'm happy with who I am and what I do. You're wrong to look down on me for it. I'm sorry if that disappoints you, but I'm done apologizing for being who I am!"
We grabbed our luggage and marched in stony silence to the taxi stand. We rode in stony silence to the hotel. We checked in without speaking to each other. We arrived in our room, and while I tipped the bellhop, Jane disappeared into the washroom.
I was still quite angry, and after the bellhop left I approached the locked bathroom door and with all the spite and venom I could muster, I said, "Make sure to wash his cum out of your pubes before dinner. "
"Fuck you Martin, you pathetic loser!"
"Whore!" I shouted, then went out to stand on the balcony. I stood there fuming for what seemed like hours. How could she treat me like this, with so little regard for me or my feelings? And how is it that she sees fit to fuck all these strangers, but apart from that one fleeting squeeze on the plane, has not expressed any interest in me? What was wrong with me? What was wrong with her?
As I stood there, looking out at the beautiful Florentine architecture, I grappled with my feelings for KJ. I kind of surprised me to admitt to myself that I was in love with her. That thought was followed closely by the nagging self-doubt that asked if I was really in love with her, or if she was just a rebound girl that I wanted to fuck. I argued that point up and down, essentially creating a pros and cons list. Then I analysed the list and came to the conclusion that despite the fact that she was a drunken slut and a cheater, her good qualities outweighed her negatives. Plus, she was absolutely gorgeous and I didn't mind admitting that her looks played a part in my decision. I love her. And I'm going to tell her and let's see where the chips fall.
With this resolution in mind, I felt elated and a little light headed. All of my previous anger had been replaced by warm and fuzzy feelings. I bounded back into our suite with the intention of declating my love for her.
Jane was nowhere to be seen, but the bathroom door was still closed. I noticed her carry on had been opened and rooted through. I went to the door and put my ear up to it, in time to hear Jane's end of a conversation, "Yes I'm going to come home...Things aren't working out with Martin...Yes he's being an asshole...Yes...No he didn't do anything like that...No it's just, ughh it's tough to explain... Yes when I'm done here I'll try booking a flight to Vancouver...No...Yes I'll let you know what flight I'm on and stuff...OK Josh, I love you too. See you soon. Bye." I was crushed.
A moment later she opened the door and strode into the room, her face all messy from crying. "Martin, we need to talk."
******
End of part 1. Stay tuned for part 2