After Jen was sure that I wasn't upset with her, she seemed to calm down and leaned her head against my shoulder. I was confused about my feelings and my mind was still racing over what had happened. Watching the video with her had made my cock hard and a million questions raced through my head.
"Why did you masturbate in the living room instead of the bedroom?" I asked. She immediately looked down as she blushed and remained silent. "Honey? Why were you in front of the window instead of on the bed?" I questioned again, waiting for a response. Still she said nothing, then it hit me. "Oh my god, you like the idea of being watched!"
Tears were welling up in her eyes again as she looked at me, still not saying a word, but I could see her rock-hard nipples through the shirt. My cock jumped to attention. Without speaking, she pushed me onto my back and straddled my prick. Yanking her G-string to the side she sank down and immediately started grinding her clit against my cock. Peeling the shirt up over her head her tits fell free and began bouncing up and down as she furiously rode me. Her orgasm hit hard and fast as she threw her head back and let out a scream. My balls tightened up and I let loose another volley of cum straight up into her hole.
We lay on the bed for a long time in silence. Then she asked, "Are you mad that I sometimes fantasize about being watched?"
"Honestly? I don't mind at all. The only reason I didn't call Jeff out was because I actually liked seeing you being watched. I can't explain it, but I don't think my cock has ever been so hard."
My mind started working now that she had confessed her exhibitionist desires, so I asked, "Have you ever been seen masturbating before?" She blushed again before she spoke, making my stomach leap.
"Twice." She said softly, almost apologetically. To my amazement, my cock was already twitching as I asked her to tell me about them.
She proceeded to describe a time when shopping for workout clothing at the local sporting goods store. The place was practically empty, except for two guys. One was being helped by the only salesperson, while the other guy was casually looking at various outfits. They had made eye contact a few times when she realized her panties were getting wet. She said that she really can't describe the feeling that came over her at that moment, but she felt a burning need to be 'seen' and acted completely irrationally by picking out a sports bra and a pair of tiny running shorts before making her way to the dressing room. She described how her heart was pounding wildly at the thought of what she was thinking of doing.
She could see out of the corner of her eye that the guy was making his way to the side of the store that faced the dressing rooms. Then she described how she pulled the curtain most of the way shut, purposely leaving it gapped open a few inches. Because of the mirrors on all walls, she could see out the slit even when her back was turned to the curtain. She slowly removed her shirt and took off her bra. Then she slid her skirt and panties down her long legs and kicked them into the pile with her other clothes. Standing there completely naked, she slowly put on the sports bra and short combination, pretending to look at herself in the mirror at all angles. She could clearly see the guy standing behind one of the racks staring through the opening of the curtain. After squeezing both her ass cheeks, pretending to examine the fit, she then did the same thing to her tits. This time as she squeezed her tits, she leaned against the wall and let out a soft sigh. Still squeezing her tits, she slowly lowered her right hand to the waist band of the shorts, pausing only for a second before sliding her hand inside the shorts to her wet pussy. Without hesitating, she inserted a finger and started rubbing her clit as she glanced in the mirror. The guy's eyes were as big as silver dollars as he watched her masturbate. Seeing him watching sent her over the edge as she furiously rubbed her clit and came all over her hand. When she finally regained her senses, she dressed and left the changing room. The guy that had watched her was still in the store. They again made eye contact and smiled at each other as she left the store. She then practically ran to her car and immediately flipped her skirt up and masturbated again before driving home.
"Holy shit!" was all I could say.
"Are you mad?" she asked again waiting for my response.
"Hell, no I'm not mad, but I think I need to fuck you again!" I blurted out as I rolled her onto her back and jammed my cock into her pussy, fucking her hard and fast before cumming for a third time in her hole.
A couple of days later I was at work when I suddenly realized that Jen had not told me about the second time she masturbated to an audience. I texted her, but she simply responded, 'Wait until you get home'.
'NO!' I responded. 'Text me the whole story...NOW!' I knew she would be able to sense my excitement as I awaited her response. My phone was silent for almost 15 minutes. I suspected she was either refusing to put the story into a text, or she needed to get somewhere so she wouldn't be interrupted.
Finally, my phone pinged. I shut and locked the door to my office and eased into my desk chair and opened the text.
'When I was driving home from that seminar in Galveston two weeks ago, the traffic through Houston was terrible. Stop and go for twenty miles, it was taking forever. I noticed the engine temperature gauge on my dash was getting up there, so I put the windows down so the air conditioner wouldn't overheat my engine. It was hot out, and even though I was wearing a pair of running shorts and a tee shirt, I was still sweating, so I stripped down to my sports bra.'
End of text. I waited for several more minutes before my phone pinged again with another text.
'About that time, I noticed a jacked-up F-150 pull along my side of the car. At first, I didn't look up, but then I heard the passenger call down to me. He said "Hey beautiful. How about a show?". Just then my lane opened up and I moved ahead several car lengths. The sweat was noticeable on my neck and was slowly dripping down between my breasts. I also noticed my nipples were clearly protruding through my sports bra.'
End of text. 'Damn!' I thought to myself as I eagerly waited another several minutes for my phone to ping.
'The truck caught up to me and the guy whistled when he saw my nipples. "Come on baby, let me see your tits!" he begged. Without thinking I reached up with my left hand and squeezed my nipple. Rolling it around between my fingers. At first, I didn't look at him, but then I glanced up and saw his mouth wide opened. The traffic moved again, and I pulled ahead of the truck.'
End of text. 'Fuck!' I said out loud before realizing where I was. The next few minutes were agonizing! The phone pinged.
'Baby I can't explain why I did what I did next. I'm sorry.'
End of text. I frantically texted back 'It's okay, really! I'm not mad. Just tell me what happened.' I practically begged.
My cock was hard, and my heart was beating in my throat just thinking about what she might say next when my phone finally pinged.
'I was getting so excited about this unexpected opportunity to be seen that I pushed my running shorts to the floorboard and slowly began stoking my pussy with my left hand. The truck pulled up next to me again and the passenger said "Come on baby! Give me a good show!". He had his phone in his hand and was recording me!'
End of text. "Holy shit!" I said to myself, pulling my prick out under my desk. 'Ping'.
'I took my hand from my pussy just long enough to push my sports bra up, letting my breasts fall free. Since we were stopped, I put the car in park and used both hands to rub the sweat around my tits and pussy. My body was on fire as the guy said "Do it baby! Stroke that clit!". I couldn't take it anymore and began fingering myself while tweaking my nipples and tits. I could see the traffic open several car lengths ahead and knew I had to hurry. I looked directly into the guy's eyes as I frantically worked my pussy. My orgasm hit like a title wave and I thrashed around uncontrollably as I came hard on my fingers. I bucked up and down for several more moments before the car behind me started honking for me to move. Somehow, I was able to drive off without wrecking. The truck stayed next to me as the guy yelled out the window for me to pullover, but I finally lost them by taking an exit at the last minute and they couldn't get over fast enough.'
End of text. What if she had pulled over? I thought to myself just as my cock shot a stream of cum into a waiting tissue. I milked my cock dry as I replayed the story in my head, while my heart beat wildly in my chest. Up until two weeks ago, I had never even imagined something like this could happen. Now I can't stop thinking about my beautiful wife exposing herself to other men!