Copyright©PennameWombat May 2021
The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
This story takes place in the same universe as my original Geek Pride entry a couple of years ago, "You Promised Me Geeks." Familiarity with that tale and its direct sequels isn't necessary to enjoy this story in full, but I'd be quite happy if this one inspired you to explore those tales.
This is a world of accountants, math whizzes, computer programmers, graduate students and Associate Deans of Student Services. Not to mention the verdant campus savanna where virgins roam in great herds and the predators who prey on them.
Tags: Geek Pride, Anal Sex, College, Exhibitionist, First Time, Older woman, Public Sex, Sci-fi, Threesomes, Virgin
*****
Calculus 111 & 118
"Good morning, I'm Tracy Turnbull."
The reaction of the twenty-five undergraduates sitting at desks had mostly been polite confusion when she'd walked into the classroom. It was on the 2nd floor of the Widtsoe Building that was part of the original 19th century campus along President's Circle and she'd spent the same time in this building, six years, as she'd ever spent in a house as her parents had moved more than once during her childhood. Her escape from the dorms after her junior year and two apartments since then had kept up the streak. Her life was always in transition.
Except for this building.
"I'm a third-year doctoral student here," Tracy continued, "and I guess you're all wondering where Darren is."
She started at the windows in the exterior wall to her right and scanned to her left. Amongst the sea of confused faces she saw a few grimmer expressions. Her mouth was a tight line for a moment.
"For those who haven't heard, Darren and three other grad students were in a bad car accident," she said as she continued to scan, those formerly with grim expressions nodded and went grimmer and the formerly confused expressions morphed to shock, "he and the others are in serious condition in the hospital."
And they made myhuntingplans for the quarter even harder, she didn't add.
She went silent to let the initial news sink in. As she opened her mouth to speak a quartet in the last two rows toward the left wall caught her eye. They weren't in the back two rows but it so happened no one sat behind them, likely to avoid the possible claustrophobia of being stuck in a back corner. They were part of the grim to grimmer crew that she assumed had heard about the accident, it had been on the local news but had passed quickly, unlike news reports about cute chicks who get kidnapped during drug deals after being attacked by local gangsters who end up brain dead. Sigh. She locked their images in her brain and forced herself back on script.
"All of them will live but they're all facing extensive stays in the hospital," and now for the coup de grâce, "so if anyone else plans to get drunk and go driving, might I recommend you reconsider."
The two lead boys in the quartet weren't that unusual but there was something familiar about both but she couldn't quite work it out. The boy closest to the wall was maybe as tall as Aron but there the comparison ended. His skin moderately tanned but his round face belied a slightly chunky build and his head was covered by light brown hair that bordered on curly and long enough to cover his ears. That said, even with the black-framed glasses he was rather cute and her sixth sense screamed 'innocent' in full volume. The boy next to him was shorter, didn't seem much taller than she was but his skin was closer to Aron's smooth latte color and he was almost as good looking as her best friend's brother with nicely trimmed dark hair. And his face also showed a lack of guile that she'd trained herself to find.
"So our teaching assistant crew is suddenly stretched thin," Tracy said, "and you all drew the short straw to get me."
She paused and hoped the bit of self-deprecation would lighten the mood.
But it was the two girls behind them that really locked her gaze. Behind the handsome dark boy was a black girl, her glasses almost identical to the boy in front and to her right. Despite some diligent efforts the Uni still had few black students. And Math wasn't a popular major with the ones that did attend so Tracy was intrigued by her presence. Not to mention that she was cute and her mid-thigh shorts and a loose tee seemed to indicate a slender figure but one beyond Tracy's own. Her dark hair was in a bob cut that like Tracy's longer cut fell just past the edge of her left eye.
And then the other. Her hair that flowed over her shoulders and to the small of her back had thin stripes of what must be half of the colors from the entire Sherwin-Williams paint catalog mixed in with dark brown sections! Unless those were natural and the brown was the addition. How long had that taken? It brought back a memory, was this simple coincidence? Or more?
Polychrome wasn't short, seemed about as tall as the boy seated in front of her and with what seemed to be a smoking hot body. At least that described her legs that had light and smooth but not glowingly pale skin and were almost entirely exposed as she sat with her left leg crossed over her right in as short a miniskirt as Tracy was used to seeing on campus, the first week of October not letting go of summer and if that's what the girl would keep wearing long may the heat continue. Tracy tried to ignore the sudden tingle between her own legs and the goddess that forced that tingle drove the thought that the skirt's length was in Devil Girl territory. Did she wear it commando like Devil Girl wore hers? Was her pubic hair the same wild cacophony of colors as the hair on her head? Did she have pubic hair? Did she shave like Asha?
'Stop it!' Tracy's brain screamed and tried to wrest control of her pussy from the goddess! A pussy that was damp. But at least there were panties between it and her jeans. She took a slow breath.
The ends of those long, lovely legs were in black high top sneakers that contrasted to the white mini. Her t-shirt was snug and unless Tracy had gone blind the girl had no bra on and while the black girl's breasts were a notch above Tracy's the set highlighted by the polychromatic hair was at least a couple of sizes above those. Tracy had quietly noticed as she'd entered that plenty of the other mostly young male students had been turned in the direction of both of them. Despite her killer figure just like the black girl both faces hit her sixth sense as had those of the two boys in front of them.
Stupid ass Darren. There was more and betterpreyin this room than she'd seen in a while. And with the slim pickings over the summer she'd come to understand what Asha meant byhunger.
But that ear. The one she saw through colorful hair on the girl's left side was definitely pointed! And that wasn't all. There was something off about her eyes. Tracy intentionally turned and took a couple of steps away from the quartet and then slowly back as she scanned her section.
"I haven't spoken to Darren, well, no one has as he's in a coma," Tracy said with a shrug, "but I take it he previewed the syllabus and the assignments and exams?"
She scanned the room but lingered again on the quartet. Multiple students nodded and she heard a few 'yups.' Good. She'd met Darren, and the other incoming grad students, in the week of orientation before the quarter. He'd seemed competent if not the second coming of John Nash. Of course, she wasn't that either!
"Good. We'll jump into the first programming assignment in a moment, but," she set her notebook on the desk and held up a clipboard, "I want to do a quick roll so I can put names to faces and if you prefer to be called by a middle name or whatever you can tell me. We won't make a habit of it, this isn't high school. We trust you."
"You don't know us very well, do you?" It was a solidly-built young man just to the right of center in the third row back, sandy hair cut short. She joined the ripple of laughter then brushed her hair back and tilted her head in a way she knew emphasized the lopsided aspect of her face. She noticed her two 'target' boys to the far left both smiled at that while a few other expressions showed the surprise she was used to. She tapped the clipboard.
"And your name is?"
"Brent Singleton," he said, his tone wasn't a challenge but he was definitely cocky.
"Ok, Brent," she said as she made a show of unlatching the pen from the clip and making a mark near the bottom of the paper, "I'll make sure you get two assignments this week. Just to keep you focused."
"Hey, I still have frats to visit! They need me, just haven't all figured it out yet to start the bidding war."
"You'd be a better fit in a sorority," a blond guy at the far right said.
"Later, children," Tracy used what Asha called her 'Doom' voice to forestall Brent's reply.
"Please don't dissolve our brains, Professor," the blond said to mass confusion and Tracy's surprised silence but she noticed the quartet all smiled softly at the comment. She smiled at the blond and poised her pen at the clipboard.
"And your name? So I can inform your next of kin should you suffer an untimely stroke?"
"Bottom of the list. Kenny Zabriskie, but call me Zee," he said, his smile had softened and he kept his voice level but their eyes locked for a moment. Not a name she recognized but his comment indicated he was part of a coterie that was thankfully shrinking rapidly. More interesting was that 'her' quartet were part of it despite seeming to have little else in common with this jock. It wasn't just her crotch that had a dangerous interest in those four.
"Okay, Zee, and I'm not a professor. Yet. Just your run of the mill poorly paid grad student."
"But you're good with guns too," Zee said and winked to Tracy's glare. Her limited time to check out the students when this assignment was dumped on her indicated just over half were incoming freshmen. This one didn't seem so and she suspected he might be her age.
"That's enough... Zee," she glared, he held her eyes for a moment before he looked down and nodded slightly, she nodded and looked up, "now, William Albert."
"Here," answered a cute boy with reddish-brown hair, she nodded.
"Javier Alcides," the dark handsome boy member of her quartet shyly raised his hand.
Gears engaged in Tracy's brain but she nodded and her smile offered warmth without conscious thought.
"Martin Amis," she said. A tall and thin young man with sandy brown hair and seated to her right and near the back raised his hand. She nodded.
"Donald Anthony," she said and the cute boy in his glasses and next to the wall raised his hand, Tracy's smile stayed warm and a second gear engaged.
"Don," he said, his voice a shy baritone.
"No," Polychrome's voice behind him was deeper than a contralto that like with her skirt reminded Tracy of Devil Girl, but with vocal cords that hadn't been attacked by sixty grit sandpaper, "he's called Dark Star."
Don, Dark Star, grunted and twisted quickly and mouthed what Tracy thought was a 'no' but the girl put her hand on his shoulder and Tracy's crotch reacted anew to that girl's smile. Javier and the black girl laughed lightly. Had they all known each other before the Uni? Their body language indicated togetherness but this was only the second Tuesday of the quarter.
'Back to sleep, idiot pussy,' Tracy's brain screamed at it again. It responded with tingled wetness, its version of sticking out its tongue, with the encouragement of the goddess.
"Okay, you're Dark Star," Tracy said hoarsely as she scribbled quickly to force truces, "now--"
The door to the room didn't so much fly open as it seemed to dissolve. Tracy's head turned ninety degrees and almost as one the students made confused sounds as a red headed whirlwind engulfed their TA. A couple of 'whoops' before Tracy was released.
"I finally found you," a purred soprano well-trained in seduction said as a taller woman about Tracy's age spun to face the students with her right arm across Tracy's shoulders, "this sweet little TA of yours is my best friend."
"Asha...," Tracy started, "kinda busy--"
"Of course you are. Won't be a minute," Asha said, "I just wanted to tell all of these math students about the wonders of Accounting."
"We don't have ti--," Tracy tried but knew this was the one person on whom her Doom voice was truly ineffective. Asha kissed the petite brunette's cheek and strutted in front of students, most of whom stared with gaped mouths.
"I know you're all in Calculus One," Asha purred as she ensured her posture emphasised her impressive chest, "and this cute little math genius is teaching you Numerical Methods to go along. And she'll make sure you all pass."
Asha beamed at Tracy before she scanned the audience and as Tracy had done she paused when she found the quartet. Tracy stepped forward and read her friend's expression that cycled through confusion to lust tohunger.
'You bitch, not them...,' Tracy meant to say but Asha moved her gaze and continued.
"You, what's your name?" She purred and strode and put her hands on his desk and leaned forward.
'Him, fine, you slut,' Tracy had a grim smile.
"Br... Brent," he slurred slightly as he drooled a bit and his eyes seemed about to pop out of his head, his earlier confidence shaken.
Tracy understood. The most awesome set of double-dees were less than a foot from his face. Asha had chosen a bra that employed heretofore unknown feats of engineering that forced her breasts into perfectly smooth globes that exposed every bit of latte colored skin that wasn't areola or nipple and her tight short-sleeved blouse followed its contours. His view was held by a force stronger than a black hole's gravity and not even the beautiful face surrounded by crimson red hair could move it. Nor could long legs in six-inch heels, sheer stockings and a knee-length skirt with a slit that allowed the bare top half of a perfect thigh to be exposed.
"Well, Brent," Asha's purr continued as she straightened and caressed his cheek before she turned and looked at Tracy, "just remember Tracy's real name is Hand Smasher. And she's good at it. So you better study hard. All of you!"
Asha winked and Tracy glared. Brent was silent because his brain had probably lost its supply of blood.
"But the rest of you," she walked quickly and turned toward the quartet before she looked across the room, "check out Accounting. It pays MUCH better than Math. And it's lots more fun than Engineering. And everyone in Computer Science is a weirdo! And Physics? No one SANE goes into Physics! Especially Astrophysics, total blazing loonies there! And, as you'll notice, accountants wear nicer clothes!"
"Asha," Tracy said but no one heard her. Asha stood so her right thigh was again exposed and this time a garter strap was in view. She put a hand on the black girl's and Polychrome's cheeks.
"You two are welcome to come spend a day with me to see how fun Accounting is. What are your names?"
"D... Dani. Danielle Henderson," the black girl managed as her eyes blinked behind her glasses. But her tongue ran quickly across her top lip. Asha beamed and turned.
"Umbra Flowerday," Polychrome said, she put her left hand on Asha's forearm and held the hand against her cheek, "are you the Pirate Queen?"
Tracy's breath caught. Who the hell is this girl? Then she noticed the two boys who were turned in their seats to give them prime views of Asha's round ass both nod before they glanced quickly at Tracy. Umbra released the arm and Asha put her fingers under the girl's chin and quickly leaned over and kissed her on the lips. Then she stood and backed up.
"I AM the Pirate Queen! Asha Washington! Umbra, Dani, bring these two lovely boys with you on your Accounting day," she reached through the slit of her skirt and pulled a business card from the top of her stocking and handed it to the black girl, "here's my number. Don't lose it!"
She quickly touched Dark Star's and Javier's cheeks and strode back to the front of the room and turned to face the students.
"Make sure your TA invites you all to our Halloween party," Asha said to the room with a wave and a cheer from most of the students, "we still have our lunch date later, Tracy?"
Asha winked so everyone could see her. Tracy's mouth worked but she couldn't summon her voice so she nodded.
'Why the hell not? Someone needed an ass kicking!' she managed to not say aloud.
Asha grinned then waved again and strutted out of the room and pulled the door closed.
"Woo hoo," Zee said, "now THAT will be one hell of a party, teach!"
A few laughs and cheers as Tracy growled in her throat and closed her eyes and took a slow breath. Asha's interruption was bad enough, but that she'd made clear her intentions on the quartet was worse. And she wouldn't have done that if she hadn't confirmed they were...prey.
"All right," Tracy said firmly, "calm down. Now, Amit Bakshi, "dark eyes blinked before he registered his name and raised his hand, "Sheryl ..."
"And, finally, I think we already know you're here, twenty-sixth letter of the alphabet," Tracy said as she looked at the grinning young man. Well, man. She'd have to check, he didn't seem any younger than she was and this was her seventh year at the Uni. And he was too composed, he'd stared at Asha, he was apparently a straight male after all, but he hadn't seemed as overwhelmed as the others. As to this Umbra Flowerday and her friends...
"Let's do some real work," Tracy set the clipboard down on the desk and flipped open her notebook, "if anyone didn't receive an email on your student account with specifics for the math systems we'll be using, stay after class, I have printouts and I'll get your names and check with the admins."
A couple of students lifted their hands and Tracy acknowledged them.
"Details are in there as well for the first assignment, but I'll summarise it and handle any questions."
She turned to the new whiteboard. These were being slowly installed across campus, changes from the chalk that had been her life since she'd been five years old. Suddenly the door opened again, but more deliberately than before.
"Asha, get ou...," Tracy's voice froze.
It was an older woman with dirty blonde hair, about the same height as the previous interruption. Tracy was tired of her brain not quite making connections, but it was happening again.
"Sorry, I'm not Asha," the woman's tone seemed amused.
The new arrival's heels were only a touch shorter than Asha's and her skirt was a similar length but with a shorter slit. But her legs and figure seemed almost as impressive, her fitted blouse attested to a considerable bust but her unbuttoned blazer softened the view. A smile flitted across the face before her expression returned to neutral friendliness.
"Can I hel...," Tracy said just as a cog in her brain fell into place, "can I help you Dr. Lynch?"
Tracy had only met this woman a couple of times and had seen her a few more. But something was off. Her hair, it was loose, it had always been in a bun.
"Thank you, Ms. Turnbull, I apologise for the interruption," she smiled at Tracy, "won't be a minute."
As had Tracy and Asha she surveyed students who were again confused.
"I'm Dr. Lydia Lynch, I'm the Associate Dean for student services," the woman's mellifluous voice conveyed warmth but something else although Tracy couldn't read it, "I've always been hidden in my office but I'm trying something new and getting in front of the freshmen classes."
She and Zee locked eyes.
"And our not so traditional students," she added a slight husk to her voice, "my office is in the Student Services building. If any of you need anything don't hesitate to come see me and my team."
Then the woman's gaze found the quartet at her left. Tracy's anger and confusion fought. What the hell is going on with those four?
"I love the creativity of our students," Dr. Lynch's voice went huskier, "your hair is amazing young lady. What's your name?"
"Umbra Flowerday," her voice had also gained a bit of sandpaper.
"I'll see that you're invited to one of my round tables, I'll be running a series through the quarter," Tracy swore the older woman's voice carried lust.
"And my friends?" Umbra indicated the trio around her.
"Certainly."
"That covers the nerds! What about us frat types?" Brent said and Lynch stood straight and put her hands on her hips to open her blazer. Tracy's breath caught, the woman's pushing out her chest in the same way was something that Asha often did and had done in this room not long ago!
"And your name, young man?"
"Brent Singleton."
"Yes, Brent, I think your attendance will be quite welcome."
He leered and everything Tracy remembered about this woman fought the moment. The phrase 'ice queen' stuck in her brain from a couple of faculty plus grad student mixers. There was no ice here, quite the opposite. But the emailed memo sent to the entire faculty, staff and grad students had been 'signed' by this woman.
Tracy had learned about herself when she and Asha had gone to the UK and narrowly escaped being killed by invisible death cooties, apparently killer nanobots that might still be a threat. Sigh. But she'd learned while she liked both boys and girls, what she REALLY liked were virgins. Or, well, close to if not exactly that. Inexperienced but willing. And the geekier the better. And the Polychrome quartet wereperfect. A five person pile. Yum. A stark naked, sweaty, multi-colored five person pile! Double yum!
She'd stalked the incoming freshboy and freshgirl students these last three and a bit years and to her knowledge had left behind trails of happily popped cherries. None had stuck but she hadn't minded. She'd been careful with but hadn't avoided new students in low-level Math classes, the majority of which were destined for majors all across engineering, every science and more so she wouldn't see them regularly.
She'd become friends with Asha because that creature also loved virgin geeks, what Tracy had been when they'd met. Asha's relationship with Dave had conveniently kept her mostly out of the game at first, at least for the boys, but something had happened there that no one seemed willing, or able, to explain. Since then more than one virgin geek boy or girl had been offered a choice. A voluptuous redhead or a petite brunette with a scrawny ass. Some chose the latter, but always only just enough. Barely. Sigh.
Of course, after the redhead fucked your brain out, she'd slice off a little bit of it before handing it back to you. But that was never discussed. And none seemed to complain even though some number seemed to notice something besides their innocence had been left behind.
And now Lynch. Her memo had made clear that while Tracy's 'indiscretions' may have been careful and unnoted by officialdom, too many others amongst the faculty and grad students hadn't been so considerate with their 'handling' of young and impressionable student bodies and the Administration would be maintaining a closer watch on such activities. The phrase 'zero tolerance' had been used. Asha had graduated and with no current official connection to the Uni she was freer to pursue the virgin and near-virgin herds that roamed the verdant campus without the shackles that memo had applied to Tracy.
But Lynch's attitude, here and now, didn't seem quite in line with that memo. Then the Associate Dean smiled at all of the students and offered her right hand to Tracy, who reluctantly took it and Lynch clasped it with both of her hands.
"I'll be keeping my eye on you too, Ms. Turnbull, may I call you Tracy?"
What? "Uh, sure, Dr. Lynch."
"And call me Lydia, don't hesitate to come to my office at any time," her eyes bore into Tracy for a moment before she turned her head, "and that goes for all of you."
She turned back to face Tracy. "I'll definitely keep a VERY close eye on your cute TA," the woman purred. Finally she released Tracy's hands but not before the brunette thought she felt something like an electric shock. What the hell?
Lydia turned and waved. "Keep an eye on your emails for the invitations, I'll make sure my drudges work around your class schedules!" She walked out with a shimmy of an ass well displayed by her fitted skirt and pulled the door closed.
'Shit,' Tracy stared and then blinked a few times amid confused murmurs. She looked at the clock then at the class. Back to Earth. Or somewhere, anywhere, solid.
"Okay," she said slowly, "only ten minutes left, gonna be rushed. The first assignment..."
The Ravine
Lynch heard the laughing and talking voices before she'd even entered the warren of cubicles and offices that was her domain on the third floor of the modernist Student Services building. Its design put supporting columns and struts and more on the outside, something that on its own didn't violate her sense of beauty. The fact that it was amidst late 19th and early 20th century buildings that were heavy on classic stonework did violate that sense.
It wasn't symmetrical.
Her admins and staff were bunched in 'her' lobby. It was all women from their twenties through a few years older than her. She had a couple of males amongst the bunch but she knew one was out, having just had an operation and the other had meetings with the various Sports coaches to ensure the student-athletes were students first. A tightrope to walk but it had to be done. Past experience had shown a man driving the discussion was taken more seriously than a woman.
Blinkered idiots, Lynch shook her head. But she quickly turned her face to a smile when she was noticed.
Then she found the male amongst the silly, jabbering women. He stood next to her youngest admin, a Uni senior named Kathleen who worked part-time in the office and wasn't beautiful but was a cute and round-faced Nordic blonde. She had that weird inflection that locals called Scandihoovian. Lynch knew the woman was a member of the local majority religion, as were a bit over half of her employees and a similar percentage of the students, although she'd never been part of it.
"Dr. Lynch, we're so glad you're here," her 'personal' admin assistant, and biggest problem, Edith said, "Kathy has big news."
"Everyone seems quite happy," Lynch said, "so it must be good news."
"Dr. Lynch," Kathy stepped forward and nudged the young man next to her, "this is Greg."
Lynch returned his smile but both stayed silent as Kathy caught her breath before she held out her left hand. Which now had a ring with a tiny diamond on the third finger.
"He asked me to marry him last night! I asked him to come and prove it to everyone since all of you have been convinced he's imaginary!"
She said the last part with a heavy addition of humor and Lynch laughed along with the other women. Then she put out her right hand, it took Greg a heartbeat but then he responded and she shook it.
"Congratulations, young man," she said lightly before she morphed it to her strictest College Associate Dean tone, "and you'd better take very good care of my Kathy."
A quick glance at Edith and a couple of others told her they approved. She'd gotten better.
"Don't worry, Dr. Lynch," he said after a pause and she read something odd in his expression, "I'll do my best."
She clasped his hand with both of hers then released it and she quickly hugged Kathy to get a hug back. Then she stepped back and put a hand on each outside shoulder as the betrothed pair stood next to each other.
"I'm sure you will, she has three brothers," she smiled at the pair to a round of laughs.
"So this handsome hunk of yours," she said after a moment, only a slight exaggeration, he wasn't bad looking, "really has been off on his mission the last two years. You weren't dreaming him."
"I did dream about him," Kathy said, "waiting for him these two years. We were freshmen together, now he's re-enrolled."
Lynch detected a hitch on the word 'waiting.' Yes. But the onlookers offered the requisite murmur from the audience to the standard phrase for all of these kids like Kathy and Greg. And utter and total bullshit, Lynch thought. But she kept her eyes and her smile joyous. But. This Greg. Graduated high school, a year here at the Uni, then two years preaching the Good Word. He wasn't a total naïf.
But he was something else. Something interesting.
"I want to be a physical therapist," he said, "maybe go into sports science. But I'm working the late shift in the Library so Kathy and I don't see each other that often."
"He proposed in the Philosophy section," Kathy said to another round of laughs.
Edith caught Lynch's eye and tapped her watch. Lynch nodded.
"Now, some of us," Lynch said, "have meetings in ten minutes. So, Kathy, get out of here. Take the rest of the day, on me. I have no authority over there so take what time you have."
She hugged each of them and then walked off and Edith took her place alongside her boss.
"Ok, so Dr. Murray," Edith said, "will be the pain in the..."
"Dr. Lynch?" The male voice was confused. The seated woman turned and looked up from the book.
"Ah, good evening, Greg, fancy meeting you here," her voice was light but slow.
"Well, I do work here...," he stammered slightly, "how come you're here?"
"All the talk about philosophy," she said and she closed the book to expose the cover, "reignited some old habits. I haven't read my Kierkegaard and Nietzsche for a while."
"Nihilism," Greg read, "what's that?"
"Many things," she stood and he exhaled quickly, she'd exchanged her Associate Dean proper business suit for a blouse with a deep and square cut, "lots of people say it's simply that life means nothing. But I prefer the subtler notion that it's tension between how we think the world should operate and how it really operates. And how that leaves us empty."
She tilted her head and took a tiny step to close the gap to him. She put her hand on his cheek and he shivered.
Both of them held that position while the PA rang out. Fifteen minutes until closing. She moved closer and spoke very softly.
"Like how you feel when the girl who waited for you," she paused, "didn't wait for you."
He inhaled hard then held it. His face set into a challenge. In her heels he only needed to glance slightly downward and she admired that since she'd stood how well he'd kept his eyes away from her plentiful cleavage. But his challenge melted and his gaze dropped but not specifically to her exposed flesh.
"I lost track of time. It's late," she said, "would you be a gentleman and walk me to my car?"
"Oh, uh, sure. Where's your car?"
"The back lot, but I don't want to be a pain."
"Where I'm parked! Easy! Wait by the door? I need to do my walkthrough and clock out. Just tell Victor at the door you're waiting for me."
She smiled broadly and let her fingers trail down his chest. He wasn't muscle bound but he was firm enough. Possibly not the brightest bulb but a decent physical specimen.
"I can handle him," her voice was syrup as her fingertips finally left his chest. His whole body shivered as she walked away with a quick look back.
"Don't forget about me," she said. Like her blouse, she'd changed into a different skirt, this one a second skin that flowed in this case around and over her shapely ass and had a single high, central slit in the back and she knew his eyes were locked on the view and she also knew her grin wasn't visible. These clothes were recent additions to pep up a wardrobe that hadn't even risen to bland. The replacement of the drawer full of hated pantyhose with stockings and garters had been a necessity beyond that. The effort had been costly but enabled by the combination of a frugal life and a decent inheritance. That latter would also offer a chance to restart elsewhere, once her task in this place was complete.
He hadn't forgotten. She'd seen him quickstep through the door from the staff stairway. The Plaza at the front was level with the building's grand entrance on the third floor but the natural slope meant the ground behind the building met the utilitarian second floor back entrance. The doors released the pair onto a wide concrete walk and three broad stairs led directly to a large parking lot, a recently added ramp to their right. A second library worker had exited through the doors with them but with a quick 'good night' had turned right.
Lynch slid her right arm through Greg's left as they reached the stairs. His body jerked in surprise but he settled and stayed silent as they walked, the only sound clicks from her heels on the concrete.
"Where's your car?" She asked quickly and heard his huff as he stifled what she knew had been the same question.
"Uh," he pointed with his free right arm just slightly to the right of straight ahead, "there, near the last row."
She smiled. A perfect spot.
"Good, where I need to go," she said then lowered her voice, "when did you find out?"
"Find out?" He turned his head, she stood straight and knew the widely-spaced light poles were dim but adequate to allow him to see the view her blouse offered. His neck jerked his head up once but it was losing the battle.
"About Kathy," she pulled him closer. His neck surrendered.
"What about...," his voice tapered off.
"Waiting for you," her voice was syrupy kindness, "she didn't. But... you did."
She thought of Janet and her Reverend. Prime physical specimens, young, fit, the symmetry screamed. Not the same faith as Kathy and Greg but they shared these ridiculous notions about contact. About fucking. Until they had said the Right Words. Sigh.
"It was a long... time for her," his voice was little more than a whisper.
"No longer than for you, Greg, and you were fulfilling your sacred duty," she reached up between steps and kissed his cheek, "she's just a silly girl."
She'd steered them to his car. They stopped and even in the scant light she saw him blink in confusion.
"You waited. But she... and not just one. And with your friends," she'd rotated slightly so they almost faced each other.
He reared and his eyes flared for a moment and he almost pulled away. His mouth opened like he was about to speak but then it closed. They looked at each other for three, then a fourth second of silence.
"How do you know?"
"If she's told you about me," Lynch smiled, "you know I know my people. And I know my students. I saw it in your face at the office. And I've seen her actions the last few months around the office and heard her whispering to a couple of the others. Will you still marry her?"
"Kinda hafto," he said, "I promised."
She released his arm and faced him directly and put her hands on his arms just below the ends of his short sleeves. Whether he'd planned it or not, he'd parked in a spot in deep shadow caused by a failed bulb atop the closest pole. She'd yell at maintenance tomorrow. But for now they were little more than shadows within a shadow. Perfect.
The October days still held most of summer's heat but the nights had lost just enough of it that each of them had a few goosebumps but the air wasn't uncomfortable. Her hands rose and followed his shoulders to his neck and she shuffled forward and slid her hands and then her arms around the back of his neck and pushed her body forward to press her breasts against his chest before she pushed a hip and thigh against his crotch.
His arms stayed by his side. But he didn't pull away. She smiled. At both the fact that he didn't retreat and at his obvious and immediate reaction. And at the size of that reaction. Stupid, stupid girl, that Kathy, if those other boys had more than her fiancée the dumb little cow would be dead.
"You should even up the score first, then," her voice was slow and husky. Her heels rose slightly off the ground as her hands pulled his head forward. His arms went around her waist, pulled her tighter.
He wasn't a bad kisser, it wasn't something these strange local kids had a hangup about and this boy had that experience with his intended. But not more before the unfaithful whore had spread her legs for others while he'd been doing his sacred duty.
She broke the kiss but compensated by rubbing her hip against the constrained monster in his crotch. She knew it should have a better first time than a stupid girl who wouldn't know what to do with it. She pulled his head forward so her mouth was near his ear.
"Your car is right here," she whispered, "do you know the ravines behind the Medical Center? Take us there."
She let his head pull slightly back. Her left hand stayed lightly on the back of his neck but as she'd spoken her right hand had traveled down his torso. His eyes went wide as her request finished at the same time her hand found a steel hard shaft that was desperate for freedom. She held his eyes with hers as her hand trailed the impressive length of that hidden flesh and he shivered. Then his hands slid from her back and onto her ass. She wiggled her ass slightly to assure him and his hands pushed down and had just followed the curve when they stopped.
Their eyes caught. She saw the resistance melt from them to be replaced by something more than lust.
Hunger.
"I know where, Mrs. Robinson," his voice was a hoarse and barely audible croak. She kissed his neck and the exposed top of his chest as her hand followed the shaft from its head to its root. He huffed and gripped her ass cheeks. He huffed again when her hand left his cock and reached around to grab his left hand. She guided it from her ass to place it on her right breast as she spoke.
"I'm not a Mrs., and don't ask me about plastics. And this will be our secret. I'm not your silly girl."
She guided his hand to the topmost unopened button.
"Your girl is cute, but she doesn't have these," she purred as he got the hint and assisted the button in doing what it wanted and opening as she inhaled slowly. His fingers found flesh, this bra that exposed more than it hid another recent improvement to her style. She nudged his hand to the next button and gripped his shaft again just as she pushed forward to squeeze them together.
"Now, let's go," it was a command, not a request as her hand gripped its target, "I want to free this monster from its prison. We have better places for it to hide."
She kissed him then loosened her grip and he followed suit. He dug hard in his pocket and fumbled a moment before he pulled out his keys. His hand shook slightly and the key hit metal before he found the passenger door's keyhole. He pulled the door open.
"Don't worry," she said with a husky tone and touched his cheek, "no one will see me. I have plans for the ride."
She pressed on his shoulder and slid into the car. He pushed the door closed then walked quickly around the front. She'd slid over and unlocked the driver's door. He pulled it open and sat down quickly and pulled the door closed. She laid across the bench seat and put her cheek on his thigh and used her mouth and hand to nuzzle at something that had to be almost painful in its constriction.
"You can drive with me here," she rolled and looked up although he was little more than a dark shape.
"Uh, huh, yeah," he said with a suddenly firm voice, "I won't kill us. Stay there!"
He was as good as his word, as she knew he'd be. He drove onto one of the many gravel roads that ran along the flanks of the mountains above the benches that the Uni's buildings covered. He navigated around a corner and behind a copse of trees that meant they'd stay hidden unless someone followed the same track. Not impossible but unlikely, especially late on an October Wednesday night.
As soon as he'd turned the engine off she pushed up and attacked his mouth with hers. She pushed his lips open and her tongue went deep and hard before his counterattack commenced. Her hands worked at his belt and then the snap and zipper of his slacks. She rotated and sat on the seat and scooted sideways and pulled him from behind the steering wheel. He mastered his surprise and went at the remaining buttons on her blouse and then roughly pulled it free of her skirt's waistband. She released her grip so he could shove the blouse down her arms and once it was off she joined him in tossing it onto the back seat.
She beat him to the rear hook of her bra and deftly unsnapped it. He grunted as she whipped the bra off and it followed the blouse and she wrapped her hands around his head and pulled.
"Suck my tits," she said hoarsely, "suck them HARD!"
He obeyed. He shoved his mouth against the left tit and she felt his hot breath on her nipple. His right hand wrapped her and his right hand found her other mound of flesh. He held one nipple in a vice-like pinch while teeth rubbed against the other as he sucked hard.
"That's it, horny, horny boy, you won't be getting tits like this every night," her voice was rough, commanding, he grunted. Kathy wasn't that slender but she had much more ass than she had tits. She wasn't properly symmetrical. Not like the body he sucked and pinched and kissed right now. She pressed the back of his head with one hand and the other returned to his crotch. She pushed under the waistband of his boxers and he jumped and nipped her erect flesh when her fingers finally gained the actual flesh hidden within. She guided him to each breast in turn as her fingers played at the first couple of inches of very hard flesh.
He jumped when her fingers left the base of his cock and she grabbed the sides of his head and guided him away from tits already red and raw from his treatment.
"Get your slacks off," she ordered him, "I'll get my skirt off. I want that thing out. NOW!"
She laughed lightly as she nudged him backwards and he immediately moved to obey. She quickly worked the hidden button and zipper and lifted her ass slightly to slide the skirt down her legs and past heels that she'd keep on. Men, well, real men, liked that. This boy's lesson to become a man would be hard and fast. His ass rose off the seat and he worked his slacks down while her panties quickly followed the skirt and it all joined the blouse and bra on the back seat.
She sat and reached out. She knew where it would be. She grabbed flesh. It was indeed thick. And very, very hard. She was pleased. He groaned and almost screamed. Her hand the first hand not his own to touch that majestic prick with purpose.
"Turn the light on," her husky voice brooked no dissent, "we're hidden here and I want to SEE this magnificent flesh before I taste it and then it's going to split me in two."
He moaned again as she heard his fingers scrabble at the knob. He exhaled and his mouth fell open as he blinked in the sudden brightness.
She'd worked hard over the summer to tone a body that was in 'middle age' but not overly advanced middle age. It wasn't that she'd been horribly out of shape, she'd always been curvaceous but with a few extra pounds and that had meant her body could be improved. Her breasts had lost some firmness that a younger woman's would have but the wild and wide eyes of the young man next to her were testament enough that they were still an impressive sight.
"Oh, my...," he said, "Dr. L--"
"Fuck toy," she interrupted him, "just call me fuck toy. Tonight only."
"Fu... fu...," she grinned at his stammer, these kids and their language.
"C'mon," she purred and played with the huge and bulbous head at the end of the ridiculous shaft, "fuck toy. Say it. Call me your fuck toy."
"Fu... fuck toy," he said and she smiled, "fucking fuck toy, bitch! Slut! Whore!"
Her smile broadened at that. Then he looked up and down her body.
"Wha... what are those?"
"This is a garter belt," she purred, "and stockings. So, so much better than those panty hose that women wear."
"I... like them. And... your shoes."
"Of course you do," she leaned slightly, "I don't know if I can get that awesome prick into my mouth. Maybe if someone shov--"
That was all she managed to say before he got the hint.
"Suck it, slut!" He practically shouted as he pressed the back of her head. She opened her mouth and aimed.
"Oh... my... god... frick," he did shout as she sucked past the huge head and got half of it in before she stopped, her tongue and cheeks rippled against steel wrapped in thin flesh. He pushed his hips up and pressed on her head and she quickly adjusted her body and resisted him only slightly as she worked the beast further down her throat. She let out a last exhale through her nose against his pubic flesh before even that became impossible and her nose touched skin. She held and throat muscles worked against the intrusion.
"Oh frickin' god," he thrashed and moaned, "I've... that's... ah..."
She pulled up slightly, before she swallowed him in his entirety again. His voice lost the ability to verbalize and he moaned and panted and she worked the entire massive shaft completely into her mouth and throat and left only the head in each time and his hands wandered without conscious control over her back and neck, he'd lost even the ability to press her head down. Not that it was needed. Drool ran onto his thighs and balls. On the last one she held her position for a count of ten as her throat muscles rippled before she pulled free from his great prong.
He hadn't blown. She was pleased but it hadn't been luck. She had further plans.
"Did you like that?" She ran her tongue along her lower then her upper lip as she watched his eyes regain focus.
"I... oh god... awesome...," his breathing slowed, "I've never felt...."
"When Kathy did that to your best friend Jeff you can bet she didn't get more than the head in," she said sharply as her hand used the left-behind salive to stroke his quivering shaft and she held up the pinkie of her free hand, "and his cock makes this look large."
She invited him to laugh and he accepted.
"Bitch," he spat, "I'll make sure she gets it all in!"
She laughed and gripped his shaft tightly although she could barely wrap it completely.
"But now, who are you with?"
"I'm with my fuck toy," his voice still sharp. She kept a hand on his prick and grabbed his right hand with her left. She slid and opened her legs and guided his fingers along the edges of her lips.
"You're so wet," he croaked, the boy again, "and you don't have hair."
"I like to be clean," her voice was husky, "so you can eat me without it getting in the way."
"Eat?"
"Make your fuck toy wetter," she purred as she squeezed his cock, "so this will slide in. All... the... way... in."
He looked at her. Hunger. He was so hungry. She smiled and slid back and splayed her legs, her left calf rested on the back of the seat and her right on the floorboards.
"I'll guide you," she reached and he shifted his body.
He was energetic. He was willing. He was useless. But she guided him to slide fingers into her and opened her lips and exposed her erection, so unimpressive in comparison to his. She coaxed him to wrap it with his lips and to use his teeth just as she liked. After a few minutes of effort he'd almost found a rhythm.
She'd had better recently. And not so recently. And would have better again. But he proved fit enough for her purposes this moonless night and his mouth wasn't the focus of the evening. She jerked her hips and grabbed his head. She nudged him and he looked up.
"It's ready," she said hoarsely, "what do you want to do to it?"
He sat up as she shifted her legs to kneel on the seat beside him.
"Tell me," she said in a sharp whisper, "tell me what you're going to do to my cunt. My wet, wet cunt."
His eyes widened. Then his face became a mask of angry hunger.
"I.. want... to... fuck you," he suddenly said and his voice sharpened with each word, "I'm going to shove my big, hard dick into your cunt, fuck toy. Whore. Slut."
"If you think you're man enough...," she kept the sharp whisper, "if you think you're hard enough for a woman. A real woman. Not that lame little girl you're gonna marry."
She shifted and his hands grabbed under each of her arms. She hopped off the seat and spun as he carried her until she was above him. She reached down and grabbed his prick. They locked eyes. With a quick adjustment she had the great head at the entrance to her cunt, as hungry for his cock as he was for pussy.
His first ever pussy.
She nudged his thighs with hers and he lowered her and her mouth went to an 'O' as her body initially accommodated its extreme intruder. Then she glared at him.
"That the best that thing can do?"
He moved his hands and shoved her down. Hard.
"Ahh..., oh, fucking hell," she huffed, "now this is FUCKING!"
She put her hands on his shoulders and used the leverage and her thighs to rise. As with her mouth she left only the head in before she pushed down.
On the third stroke he got the hint. He used his thighs and pushed up to meet her halfway. He grunted and she moaned.
"Real fucking... not what that little bitch does," she puffed as they pumped, the depth that thing reached hit places that hadn't been punished in... forever. Full. She was so full. Would be so much fuller soon.
"I will," he spat, "I'm going to split that little slut... then I'm going to make her watch me fuck her best friend."
"Revenge," she grinned, both of their breathing was hard, "now, shut up and bite my tits. And use your fuck toy like the fuck toy she is."
His eyes went wide before that hunger overwhelmed them. She leaned slightly and he bent. She let out a welcome moan when teeth found the flesh around a crazily erect nipple. His thighs managed some movement but most of it was her, she used her arms and thighs she'd worked hard to strengthen. For moments such as this with these fit and strong young ones. Young people her own memo had put off limits to her and others like her.
But rules were for the plebs.
'Yes!' She thought. She pumped and moaned as he bit first one nipple then the other. He wasn't bad. Then again, he didn't need much talent with what he packed. He had lust and enthusiasm. It'd do for tonight if not for the long term. She felt the pressure build. She wasn't far.
Nor was he. He'd lost the ability to bite and chew. She nudged his head up.
"Fill me," she said softly, then more forcefully, "fill my cunt with that cream you've saved up your whole life. Your first time."
His lower body spasmed and he shoved the tree trunk he carried between his legs fully into body. He really will split that little whore in two, she thought, good. She had this waiting for her and she's fucking needle-dicked idiots.
She rose as he lowered and they slammed together again. One more time and this time she felt the spasm as he buried the log deep into her flesh. He pulled back.
"AAAHHH," he screamed as she felt a geysered shot of cum as he buried his prick once more into her, met with her own spasmed climax as her juice fought his. A gush of combined cum forced its way past the intruder and out of her pussy as he hit full depth.
She pulled his head and smashed her wide open mouth onto his as she rose before further shared blasts of cum fought for dominance.
He really must've saved it all up from the day he'd been born. That was her last thought on the matter.
Sisters
"Hey, teach," Tracy heard the voice, but it was as if she were underwater and someone was trying to get her attention, "uh, hey, Teach, you okay?"
She blinked and looked left as she slowed her pace.
"Oh, uh, Zee," she said slowly and blinked, "oh, sorry. Lost in thought."
"Dissertation?" He smiled and matched her pace but stayed at arm's length. He was taller than her, of course, most adults were. But he was somewhere about six feet, way taller. And solid.
"Yeah," she shrugged, "I hadn't planned on doing the TA thing this quarter. And looks like next quarter too. You brats kinda crimping my style."
She didn't add that her dissertation wasn't the only thing hindered. But his eyes crinkled in amusement at that. He wasn't bad looking.
"But I haven't graded all of the first assignments yet," she continued, "if you're asking."
"Nah," he said, "I aced it. Not that."
"Pretty cocky. Sure you aced it?" She'd graded about half, his had been one such and he'd indeed aced it. She hoped her face didn't reveal it.
"I cheated," he grinned and quickly spoke as her expression turned, "I mean, I learned programming in the Army. Did a fair amount of FORTRAN. I'd guess about half the class the same. Well, not the military, but, well, other places."
"When I first got here," she said, "computers weren't so easy to come by. Now? Hell, gonna be carrying around ones like notebooks soon."
She pointed at the small backpack she wore and he nodded in recognition. The prototype 'padlets' were all over the news. She didn't say that she'd already seen those.
"So I've heard."
"That's why you're an 'old' freshman, you did a stint?"
"Right out of high school," he said, "then re-upped a couple extra years."
"Career?"
"Maybe, still in the Reserve. Weekend warrior, but if I finish the degree they might take me for OCS. Oh, that's..."
"Officer Candidates School," she said, "never served but my cousin did. Marines. He didn't like it, couldn't wait to get out."
"His IQ must be above room temperature, Marines don't like those sorts," he grinned and winked, "but what can I say? I'm a warmongering killer."
His eyes twinkled at that. No, Tracy thought, my best friend is the killer.
"Anyway, going to lunch? Mind if I join?"
"Oh, uh," she stammered.
"Hey, um, look," he looked straight ahead, "I'm thinking of civil or structural engineering but all roads lead through calculus, pun intended. I'm not worried about the academics, but... I kinda don't fit in around here. Especially with the kids. And definitely staying away from ROTC. Too snooty by half!"
She smiled slightly as he glanced at her. Where was this going?
"But people my age here are like you, seniors or grad students. Or the returned missionaries, and me and them, no way. But you've been here awhile..."
"Maybe too long," she hoped her tone was light, he nodded and chuckled.
"I know that feeling, too," he said, "hoped you could give me a bit of advice. I can drink, but zero interest in frats, that sort of thing. I know you grad students have epic orgies with the profs, maybe you could sneak me into one!"
"I knew you were sensible about the frats, but hey, trust me, I'll invite you to the next orgy. Of course, they'd have to invite ME!" She said and shrugged. "No siblings came here? Other relatives?"
"Had a cousin, but he moved away after graduating. He just told me to 'play soccer' but that's not my sport."
Tracy nodded. She struggled again to find a connection her brain insisted was there. She again failed.
"And, I have, had, two sisters, both way older. I was my mother's menopause child. But neither sister came here. And..."
"Had?" She'd noticed that.
"Middle one ODed," he said softly, "and that's another reason I wanted to talk to you."
She stopped and it took him a step to match. He turned and stepped backwards.
"Why?" Now she was confused. What would she have to do with THAT?
"I owe you," he said and she mouthed a 'what' and stared at him, "you took down the man who caused it."
She scrunched her face in thought, which she knew caused the unevenness in her face to stand out. But his expression stayed soft and kind.
"Jed," she said softly, "Jed Miller."
He smiled, but it was a grim smile. "She got the shit from him or from those other two, Tommy or Gail. You took care of all of them. Well, you had some help the second time."
Tracy stared, her mouth open. She'd detected in the class that he'd known about her but had assumed he'd simply been a newshound, like the occasional ones who recognized her. Well, at least he didn't know EVERYTHING.
"I just let him beat me up," she said, "I didn't DO anything."
"That wasn't what the stories said," his expression had morphed to admiration, "you inflicted plenty of damage, you vampire, ripping a chunk out of his neck with your teeth. Hell, he'd've beat the shit out of me and I've got most of a foot and a hundred pounds of muscle on you and I'm a trained killer! You have bigger cojones than most of the guys in my old unit. Who can say that wasn't what CAUSED him to stroke out?"
I'm to say it didn't, Tracy stayed silent, because I know who DID cause it. She mulled a response but that wouldn't be included. As students had graduated the number who knew about her had dropped and she'd been grateful to leave it in the past.
"Wasn't his neck, here," she used her left hand to touch herself where the edge of her tee shirt met the left side of her neck, two fingers on cloth and two on skin.
"News reports, always shading the details. And the drug deal and the kidnapping," he said in a low but happy voice, "you and that crazy redhead friend of yours. We should go to the shooting range one day. Oh, why does she call you Hand Smasher?"
She let out a slow breath. Change the subject. "You'll have to ask her that. But, what about your oldest sister?"
"She's always been the wild child. Fifteen years older than me, was pretty well out of the house before I remember much. She'd come and go. We get postcards from all over the world every three, four months. All we know. Seems she's still alive. Never a return address, never asks for money, just postmarks."
"Takes all kinds," was all Tracy could think of to that, his story reminded her how grateful she'd always been at the lack of drama in her family life, if not other parts, "anyway, meeting Asha for lunch. She won't mind, me bringing a handsome boy."
He snorted. "I'll call a buddy up so you can bring one. But..."
She raised an eyebrow at his tone and his dramatic pause. Natural or had he done a bit of drama?
"Does she get invited to the orgies?"
Her exhaled laugh was likely answer enough.
"She's not even a grad student but trust me, she's high on the list," Tracy laughed, and waved her hands down her sides "me. I only get invited if they want teenage boys!"
Something she didn't read flitted across his expression before he smiled again.
"She's awesome if you like redheads with incredible racks," his tone implied he wasn't one such, hard to believe, "but I'm not big on teenage boys either."
She read his expression this time. 'Did I go too far?'
She looked down then back up. There'd been no hot wars the last few years but plenty of 'brush fire' actions. Whatever he'd done in the Army, he wasn't what she was used to meeting. Andhunting. And about as far from virginal in every way imaginable.
"C'mon," she said firmly and increased her pace, "a redhead with an incredible rack is waiting."
He laughed and matched her pace.
Zee had whipped up a sandwich and met her just as Tracy had collected her hamburger and fries.
"This way," she said. The Uni cafeteria crowd had thinned, she and Asha had long met the hour after the 'normal' lunch hour when the less rushed atmosphere made for a more relaxed opportunity to eat and talk. Since the basement's renovation had been completed just before their graduation they'd moved their meetings there, the ground floor having been completed a year earlier.
"Ah, Tracy," she stopped at the smooth and familiar voice with an east coast accent. She turned and Zee reacted a moment later.
"Car... Dr. Jarlson," she said as her eyes darted toward Zee then back, "good afternoon."
The man was about Zee's height but not as broadly built. His light brown hair was over his ears and slightly shaggy. He carried a tray with a bowl of soup and a large Greek salad.
"Do you mind if I join you?"
"Sure, we're going downstairs. Meeting a friend. Oh, this is one of your students, Ken Zabriskie."
"I'd offer my hand, Doc, but please, just call me Zee. I've enjoyed your lectures so far."
"I try, Zee, just call me Carl while we're here. It'll save Tracy getting confused. Just remember when I call on you in class."
"I'll stick with Doc, I'm easily confused," Zee chuckled, "lead on, teach! I'm in her 118 section."
They followed Tracy down the wide staircase.
"Let me know if she's not keeping you guys busy, Zee. Oh, Tracy, would the friend we're meeting happen to have red hair?"
Tracy's head twisted back and forth as she fought her balance on the last few steps. Why would he ask that?
"Uh, yeah," Tracy said as she turned slightly left, "under the windows past the tree."
The left hand length of the basement was under a row of glass angled at thirty degrees where it met more glass, now vertical. A long padded bench with tables and chairs ran along the windows. A large, square planter hid the further half of the bench seating area.
Asha looked up when Tracy led the pair past the planter. The redhead was seated on the bench at the second table beyond the planter. She smiled as she looked at Zee and Doc and sat back. Her white tee shirt contrasted with her darker skin and the round low neckline offered plenty of rounded flesh and a deep gap.
"At long last, Tracy," she said brightly, "all these years we've been meeting for lunch and you FINALLY bring some hot guys with you!"
Tracy snorted, nodded one way then the other. "This is my boss, Professor Carl Jarlson, call him Doc. And one of our mutual students, Ken Zabriskie. But call him Zee. This is Asha Washington, call her the Pirate Queen."
Asha grinned for a moment then she patted the booth next to her.
"Have a seat here, Doc. Zee, pick a chair. You, girl," Tracy squinted at the appellation, "thanks for the delivery. I think there's an open table far side over there. Women's business happening here."
"Maybe I'll take my guys over there with me," Tracy said but Doc had already set his tray down and was swiveling to sit down. The petite brunette made a rough sound in her throat. Zee chuckled and followed suit and sat across from Doc. Tracy sat down across from her 'friend.'
"Have you ever considered coming back for grad school, Your Buccaneer Highness?" Doc's accent had thickened beyond anything Tracy had heard. What the hell?
"Oh, hell no, Herr Doctor Professor," Asha laughed, "I leave that to the dedicated few who value the advancement of the mathematical arts over things with real value. In other words, money. Like you and my cute little dark-haired best friend. I'm way too mercenary for that sort of life. I'm a pirate!"
She turned her gaze on Zee as her crimson hair shook around a face with skin the color of coffee with milk.
"And how about you, Zee? You seem a bit older than the guys Tracy usually tries to seduce. She does best with the innocent and naive. She's good training wheels, before they graduate to, how do I say it, more womanly offerings."
Doc and Zee laughed as Asha smiled.
"Training wheels?" Tracy's voice edged toward its Doom incarnation. "And I'm not trying to seduce anyone..."
"Hey, now," Zee said with a soft lilt, "let's not be so hasty."
"Indeed," Asha said, "don't be hasty. But, Doc, speaking of money."
"Hmm?" He said as he sipped at his soup.
"Tracy keeps ignoring my investment advice because she says she has nothing to invest. How about a raise?"
"Like you said, she's dedicated to a life of penury in pursuit of knowledge," Doc said, "but unlike Tracy I might be in need of some investment advice."
Holy shit, Tracy thought, is he... Asha smiled and tilted her head.
"Saturday, 7:30 in the p.m.," she said as she looked at the math professor, "you pick the restaurant. Five minutes of investment advice and we can write it off. We'll see after that."
Tracy blinked. Doc smiled.
"Oh," Asha continued, "not La Caille."
Tracy was certain that Doc's face showed relief at that.
"Why not there," Zee chimed in, "I can't afford that place, but I hear it's awesome."
"Tracy used to be able to eat there for free," Asha said, "one of her hundreds of ex-boyfriends works there. Dunno why she dumped him. I guess his, uh, manhood was too small."
"Hundreds? No! But. Huh? That was NOT why!" Tracy said.
"Okay, you are kind of petite. Maybe he was too large?"
"It had NOTHING to do with his... crotch!"
"Well," Asha waved her hand, "whatever. He knows I'm her friend. He'd probably rub his tiny or his giant penis all over our food."
"He would... not... do that!"
"And not the Broiler, either," Asha looked back at Doc, "but that's closer to the mark."
"Why not there," Doc said, "I've been there. It's excellent."
"Bad memories. But if it's Bill 'n Ada's it won't go well for you."
"I would NOT piss off either of these ladies, Doc," Zee said and three faces turned to look at him, "Tracy knows as much about guns as any of the guys in my old Army unit, not to mention what she can do with her teeth. And that one's not a Pirate Queen for nothing, she knows her way around shiny, sharp instruments of torture and death. These two have had their moments in the spotlights."
Asha's expression acknowledged the truth of his statement but also offered confusion, but nothing like Doc's.
"Apparently I know less about my teaching assistant than maybe I should," he said.
"How long you been here?" Zee asked him.
"This is my second full year," Doc answered, "how I end up with freshman calculus."
He added a shrugged smile to that.
"Was before that," Zee looked at Asha and Tracy with admiration, "these two took down one of the more vicious criminal gangs in the area. One of the events involved that restaurant, the Broiler. One of the chefs, not Tracy's ex who worked there at the time, was smuggling drugs. In the fish! The gang broke in to steal the drugs, kidnapped these two and a TV reporter."
"Ah," Doc said, "I've heard a couple of mentions, hadn't quite gotten around to asking."
"But Asha and Tracy broke bones and carved chunks out of the gang members," Zee continued, "they're in prison now. Or, brain dead. Do NOT get on the wrong side of either of these two!"
"You know lots about us," Asha's voice had an edge of suspicion in it, "it's been a few years."
"I have a family connection," Zee looked at her, "I was away in the Army but my folks had reason to pay close attention. Tracy can fill you in later."
Asha nodded and looked across the table. Tracy mouthed 'later.
'Change the subject,' flashed through Tracy's mind, 'something harmless.'
"Oh, Doc," Tracy said and he looked at her as he chewed slowly, her own food had barely been touched, "have you had much to do with Dr. Lynch in Student Services?"
"You mean Dr. Glacier?" He smiled but it wavered quickly. "I met her during my orientations after I was hired. She seemed... efficient."
"She seemed very warm and friendly when she introduced herself in class," Zee said, "like, minutes after a certain pirate accountant had just been by!"
"I've heard about the visits," Doc gave a quick and warm glance at Asha, "and there's been talk. Not just math classes, all over. It's like she's a totally different woman! But according to Hoppensteadt---"
"He's the math department chair," Tracy interjected quickly, Doc nodded his head as a thanks as he looked at Zee and Asha.
"Yeah. He mentioned both of her parents died over the summer. Guess that might have an impact, seems she's never been married, no children, no siblings. And then Gnomic had his stroke..."
This time he caught the three confused stares.
"Oh, sorry," he said, "Walter Gnomic, Vice President for Administrative Services. One of the top dogs in the administration. Last week of August had a massive stroke, not that old, mid-fifties. Vegetable now. Right after Lynch had come back from dealing with her parents and one of her bosses... guess the cold hand of mortality touched her."
"Thin air here," Zee said to the suddenly somber table, "yesterday morning they found a student in one of the ravines behind the medical center. His car had gone over the edge and he's in a coma. Only twenty feet down, he must've hit wrong."
Tracy blinked. What? Maybe she should read the student newspaper regularly. She was tunnel-visioned on her dissertation and research and dealing with Zee and the Polychrome cuties and the rest of her charges... what the hell was going on? She looked at Asha but her friend's face didn't reveal anything.
"But enough depressing stuff," Zee's tone brightened, "I have a more important question. Asha, why do you call Tracy 'hand smasher'?"
Asha beamed. Tracy's realization at her mistake hit her like a brick.
"We went to England a few years ago," Asha said quickly, "London, Stratford-upon-Avon, Shakespeare, Cambridge so we could walk where Isaac Newton invented calculus, or some crap like that. I went wherever Tracy ordered me to go."
Tracy snorted but the others chuckled at that. Could she stop this? Should she fake a massive coronary? Plunge a fork into Asha's heart? Maybe she could have a massive stroke herself, right now!
"Anyway," Asha continued and pointed at Tracy with her right hand as her other arm darted below the table, "me being this one's maid and butler and sex slave, I carried her bags around, made sure she had food and snacks and procured hot guys for her to engage in, um, I don't even know if words exist to describe the depths of sexual depravity she used them---"
"You did not," Tracy didn't quite shout, "I mean, you didn't carry my bags!"
"Note what she focuses on," Asha laughed and Tracy froze open-mouthed and Asha held up her right hand in a fist and poked her pinkie finger out and wiggled it, "anyway, one of the men was too small or didn't last long enough or something. To teach me a lesson she slammed a door on my hand. Yelled at me to 'do better, bitch, or I'll do the other hand too!'"
Asha held up her right hand and curled and uncurled her fingers and made 'ow' sounds as she did so. Then she set a four by six printed photo on the table between Doc and Zee. It was Asha and Tracy on each side of a stonework monument with a sculpture of a colorfully dressed balding figure with paper and writing quill.
"See?" Asha said, she was in a casual skirt and a short-sleeved button-down blouse with buttons that had mostly been left unemployed from their usual purpose, Tracy in modest shorts and a tank top. The redhead's right hand and much of that forearm were streaked with angry reds and purples and blues. "This was like the next day, we were checking on Shakespeare's grave. I was on my best behavior and obeying my mistress diligently at that point to not end up in that crypt with ol' Billy boy."
"I did... NOT... do that," Tracy growled as Doc and Zee looked at each other then at Asha's grin and Tracy's shocked expression, "the only part of that story that's true is it involved a door. But SHE hurt her OWN hand. Not me! And we took lots of pictures, how come you have THAT one right there in your bag?"
"People see you, 'she's so cute and little,' they think. But okay, maybe I didn't carry your bags," Asha purred, "but about the procuring... I definitely recall the name Geoff. And I recall he was an innocent, naive, sweet, young, man... when we met him. After, like he'd been aged a decade and could barely walk!"
"Enough!" Tracy shouted, stared. Her companions laughed and a few heads from other tables turned. She hunched her shoulders.
"Okay, him," she muttered.
"Didn't hear you," Asha said brightly.
Tracy's answer was an upraised middle finger on her right hand. Asha laughed.
"Ok," said Doc, "always interested to learn new things about my grad students. Need to run, professor stuff. You know, boring meetings. But after this discussion anything would be boring!"
He looked at Asha as she produced a business card from the bag on the floor between her jeans covered legs and offered it to him. He accepted it and quickly read it
"Address, number. But you won't need the phone number unless you plan to cancel. I would recommend you not do that."
"7:30 Saturday night. I shan't be late. And I won't be canceling."
"Good," Asha said, "or I'll be forced to turn Tracy loose on you. In which case, stay out of doorways."
Tracy growled as Doc laughed and carried his tray away.
"That's only my boss," Tracy's growl hadn't lessened, "now he thinks I'm a pervert. At least he's not on my committee."
Then she suddenly looked at Zee, who grinned back at her.
"Hey, teach," he said, "I promise to not tell the rest of the class."
Tracy's eyes tightened as his face went serious.
"So long as I get that A," he said then looked at Asha, "guess I'm finished having to do the assignments! Got any more info I can use?"
"Don't you have a job to go to or something?" Tracy said to the redhead, who shook with laughter. Tracy looked at Zee. "See? She's making it all---"
"About her butt plugs," Asha jumped in, "she probably wears one in class."
Tracy's head snapped around and her mouth locked open. Zee worked hard to stifle his incipient laughing fit.
"Has a whole selection of them," Asha continued, "I'm sure she'll show them to you eventually, maybe let you pull one out. Or push it in. Maybe she has one in now. I do!"
Zee's head swiveled between the two women. Asha smiled and Tracy shared her glare with both of them.
"Cool," he said, "I had my doubts about attending University after the Army. I think it's going to be much more interesting than I expected."
He glanced at his watch. "But, now, I have another class. With an instructor nowhere near as attractive and interesting as my Numerical Methods one. See you Tuesday!"
He slid the chair back and quickly stood up. "Bye, Hand Smasher and Pirate Queen! Still doing Halloween?"
"Make sure she can get your costume off easily, or at least she can get to your crotch," Asha said, "it'll make the night more fun."
"Aaarrggghhhh," Tracy said and her forehead hit the table after she quickly shoved her tray sideways.
They heard Zee's laugh as he walked away. Tracy's head rose.
"What the hell? My boss?"
"He's good looking," Asha said, "nice body."
"I doubt he's a virgin."
"It's not ALL abouthunting," Asha said, "it's nice now and again to have a man who knows what to do with it. Besides, think I have the virgin thing well under control... fortunately no one sent ME a memo!"
Tracy renewed her glare. "They're... like... innocent."
"That's the point! And they're out of bounds for some of us! Well, officially. But this Army brat. Bit out of your mainstream."
"He's my student," Asha said with an edge, "I can't... the memo."
"Rules are for plebs," Asha said, "he won't go crying to the administration. The others? May the best predator win."
She and Tracy locked eyes for a few seconds before the petite brunette shook her head and exhaled loudly. Asha pulled her book bag from the floor and set it on the bench next to her, then extracted a notebook and set it on the table and opened it.
"Now, about the Halloween bacchanal..."
People Like Us
"Cherise, isn't it?"
The seated young woman's mouth opened as her eyes rose from the book in her lap. She started to speak but her voice caught and her hands fumbled at the book. The woman who'd spoken quickly reached and steadied the book before she put her hand on the girl's and a visible shiver ran up the tanned arm.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to startle you."
"Uh, uh, hey, um," Cherise slowly mastered her voice and the standing woman straightened, "you're... the... Dean?"
"It's okay if you don't remember, I'm Lydia Lynch. I'm only an Associate Dean," she added a soft laugh, "I stopped by your English class last week."
Cherise's mouth made a silent 'O' before it morphed to a shy smile. She nodded.
"May I sit down? Do you have a minute to talk?"
"Yes, Dr. Lynch," Cherise gathered her notebook from her left side and set it on top of her backpack on the other side of her, "I have an open slot before my next class."
"Please just call me Lydia," the older woman sat down and left a gap of a few inches before her right hand settled lightly on Cherise's left arm, "I'm not a big one for formalities."
Cherise glanced quickly before she looked down and nodded. Lynch let her fingertips linger before she removed her hand.
"How are you finding the big city, Cherise? I hope it's not too terrible a change."
"Huh, uh," Cherise's surprised expression faced the older woman, "you remember?"
"Of course! It's my job to know about my students, all of my students."
"There are twenty thousand of us," Cherise's voice had doubt, "that's... like... five times the people in my entire home town!"
"And I will admit I haven't met all of you yet," Lynch laughed, "but I have to start somewhere. The students who've been here a year or two can wait a bit, I want to make sure you new ones settle in. Met all of your professors?"
"If by meet, you mean they stood in front of two hundred of us," Cherise said with a slight shrug, "I read about it happening, I'll get used to it, take a while."
"That's the attitude," Lynch said, "I'm sorry about that but if you need help, make sure you chase down the TAs. I don't pay them well but I DO pay them. And if the professors decide to skip their office hours, you come to me about that. I have the power of life and death over them."
She smiled broadly and winked when the young woman looked at her with a shocked smile.
"But, Cherise," Lynch looked around quickly, the two sat on a section of the broad wall designed to doubly serve as a bench that surrounded the Library Fountain, "I have a special reason to make sure you're doing well."
They weren't alone but others were widely spaced. In front of them was a fifty yard wide plaza that led to the multi-story Uni Library. Students strolled in multiple directions and a few groups stood in knots of conversations. Behind the pair a wall of water fell into a pool that ran the length of the plaza.
"Huh?" Cherise tilted her head, her face scrunched slightly.
"You remind me so much of a friend I had when I was only a little bit older than you are now," Lynch said, "her name was Marsha. You could almost be her twin, your hair is dark like hers and she always wore it very short just like you. And she was tall and thin and pretty."
"I uh... I'm not pretty. That's why you remembered me? And I dress like such a slob, your clothes are so perfect and you're..."
"Yes, Cherise?" Lynch took the girl's hand. She didn't refuse the contact.
"Beautiful," the young woman's voice was soft.
"There's one more way you're like Marsha," Lynch said as softly, "it's the real reason you came to the Uni, so far from home."
"Uh... I want to be a writer, telling people in East Nowhere gets you laughed at," her voice had an edge of anger, she squeezed Lynch's hand.
"True. But that's not the only reason, Cherise. And that reason gets them angry. Not amused."
The young woman's eyes flared and she straightened but the older woman's face was full of kindness. And understanding. Cherise looked around, they weren't alone but they were in their own universe.
"How do you know THAT?"
Lynch squeezed her hand then released it and waved slightly to indicate the passers-by and others sitting along the fountain.
"You, all of these others, are here to study many things. I am a student as well. A student of all of you. It's been my passion for years. But I want to tell you, you are not alone here."
Cherise's face showed confusion. "You?"
Lynch put on a sad smile. "I loved Marsha... but I also loved Fred," Lynch said and Cherise's face scrunched again in thought, "but I lost both. But I can help you find the others. Like you, many are scared and cautious."
Cherise froze for a moment before she bit her lower lip and gave a single nod. Then her eyes looked up and over Lynch's shoulder. Lynch turned. A young man slowed his approach and his face was a surprised mask. He was average height, average weight, cute but in an average way. And already smitten with the young lady next to her. Sigh. These poor kids. Cherise wasn't like her. Like her... daughter. She put that thought down quickly. Not now. Not yet.
"Ah, Victor, isn't it?" Lynch looked up as he stopped in front of the seated pair.
"Uh, hey, yeah," he gave them a broad smile, "how do you know?"
"This is Dr. Lynch, the Dean. She visited our Lit class, remember?" Cherise looked at Lynch then at Victor.
"Oh, yeah," he said, "but there are what, a couple hundred of us in there?"
"Associate Dean," Lynch laughed before her voice turned to a syrupy purr, "I'm very good at what I do. I was just leaving. Cherise, I'll be happy to talk wardrobe with you. You're going to be a famous writer, you'll need to dress the part."
She winked with the eye out of Victor's view and Cherise smiled broadly and nodded.
"I'll look forward to it," the young woman said. Lynch stood up and stepped aside.
"All yours, young man," she pointed to the spot before she touched his arm. He grinned. Then she waved and walked away across the plaza and traded polite greetings as she went.
Invitations
"Hey, Umbra, Dani, hold up," the two girls stopped and turned.
"Hey, Brent," Dani said, "what's up?"
Brent walked quickly to catch up. Both girls had soft smiles as they looked at him. He felt the sudden discomfort in his crotch.
He'd hardly ever seen anyone like Dani. There'd been no black kids in his neighborhood, in his elementary, not even his high school. Some Native Americans, plenty of Mexican kids, but not a single black. He'd played against a few in state football games, but there were few in the state as a whole. But it wasn't just her skin. She was cute, friendly, he'd never seen her without a smile.
But that other one. Umbra. He wondered what she'd wear when the weather finally realized it was October and summer lost out. The nights were leading the change but the noon sun still held sway. He'd never seen her in anything but skirts that might've made his high school's cheerleaders blush, above the knee skirts hadn't been unusual at his high school but not THAT far above the knee, barely covered her ass. Although her ass WAS nice. But her multi-colored hair was freaky. But that was the least of it. She wasn't as curvy as that redhead accountant or whatever who'd crashed their class but he'd still had a couple of dreams about her body! But Dani's face. Umbra's ears were... weird. And her face was cute despite the odd eyes. And those skirts showed off those perfect legs, but her voice almost sounded like a guy's.
"I have an offer no one could refuse," he said as he caught up to them, both smirked slightly at that but also had curious expressions, "I just pledged Omicron Mu. They have a sorority partner, Delta Rho, who're still looking for new pledges. I thought of you two."
Well, I thought of Dani. But I'll let the sisters break up the pair. I'll be the good guy.
"Not sure it's so much me," Umbra said, Brent shrugged and hoped he hid his reaction.
"Me neither," Dani said. Brent really hoped he kept his disappointment off his face.
Okay, he'd been a three year member of Future Business Leaders of America. Time to do some selling.
"Look," he said, "I know Greek life isn't everyone's cup of tea, but there's a combined open social street party Friday night. Just come by, there'll be all kinds of food, you can meet the brothers and the sisters... there'll be lots of new boys and girls like us, maybe meet more people. And you'll get to tour the Row... and one more point, Delta Rho is a brainiac sorority, perfect for you two. No commitment."
He left off that there'd likely be access to alcohol, despite their ages being below what the Law said was appropriate, those wilderness years 'old enough to be shot in battle, too young to have a beer.' He wasn't sure if that'd be a draw or a detriment. He put his hands out and gave what he hoped was a shy smile. He was taller than both, although not taller than the weirdo by all that much, but he was certainly broader than her.
"Well," Dani said and she looked at Umbra before both looked at Brent, "okay, we didn't have big plans for Friday."
"You won't be sorry," he kept his salesman tone for the first, "but you two look very well dressed. Where are you going?"
Well dressed by some definition. Both had short blazers that were unbuttoned. Dani had a grey button-front blouse that matched her grey slacks. Umbra's skirt was as short as her others but this one seemed... more formal. But as the strange girl moved he had the feeling her blouse was almost translucent, he thought he saw two darker spots right where her... he blinked hard and looked at Dani's face instead. It was so... pretty.
"We're going to meet Asha," Dani said, "you know, the redhead who came to class?"
His grin defied a third attempt to hide his reaction. He hoped they only saw his face and not lower down. About crotch level.
"The one who had your face buried in her tits," Umbra's deep voice rippled through him. He smiled shyly and fought to not cross his hands in front of his suddenly raging prick.
"We're meeting Javier and Dark Star and we're all going downtown," Dani continued, "apparently she works at a bank."
His mind raced. Multiple thoughts fought for dominance. Asha. He'd almost never seen a set of tits like that. At least not in real life. And her ass! But... also. He knew he was a jock but he wasn't the stereotypical lunkhead. But his high school classes had been too easy. He'd already worked out his study habits weren't yet up to snuff for this place. And Dark Star. Everyone in the class had worked out that the pudgy kid with glasses was a freaking genius when it came to computers. He'd overheard the boy helping someone in the lab and his knowledge was obvious. Was that why these two were with him? As to Javier, Brent hadn't run with the Mexican kids, and they'd mostly played soccer, but he'd gotten on with most of them well enough.
He'd had a reputation when he was a Big Man on a campus of not quite a thousand students. Not the twenty thousand here. He wasn't even certain the Uni's football players were Big Men here. Women's gymnasts, those tiny little girls were, somehow. Even he'd recognized a couple when he was around the HPER complex. Football players? He'd sat in the stands for one of their public practice sessions but that was it, other than having gone to a couple of games and wasn't sure he'd seen any of them around otherwise. The Uni's football coaches had been polite and friendly when they'd spoken to him and forty or so other summer clinic attendees between his junior and senior years but they'd also been honest. If he worked his ass off, bulked up considerably and got incredibly lucky... he'd maybe make it to a practice squad. Maybe.
Unlike some of his dimmer teammates, he'd never had delusions of playing football being a career so he'd never burned bridges with the nerds and geeks or academics. He'd not been their friends, well, not really, but he'd trained himself to not be an ass. Well, not too much of one. And he HAD studied enough to even pass AP classes. He'd found a flag football intramural team and there were plenty of such sports to choose from all year round and a ten dollar student pass got him access to every gym and weight room in HPER so there was enough to keep that side of him happy and fit.
And he had a frat to party with.
THIS crew was certainly well placed to help with the other parts of his life that needed upgrades. His study habits. And his love life.
The path to the first was certainly in front of him. Was the way to Dani also through the four? What was their connection?
"So, hey," he said, "can I come? I don't have any classes this afternoon. And I did wear a shirt with an actual collar today, it's karma!"
'Well, none I can't miss,' he thought.
Dani and Umbra glanced at each other and shrugged then looked at Brent.
"If there's room in Javier's car," Dani said, "c'mon."
They turned and he stepped quickly to walk alongside Dani with weirdo on her other side. Those eyes kinda freaked him out.
"You guys finish the second assignment yet?" He hoped that was harmless enough.
"Yeah," Dani said, "I'm sure they'll get lots harder pretty soon."
He was about to speak but they turned the corner around the Student Union building and faced the parking lot.
"There they are," Umbra said, "perfect timing."
Brent blinked. The car that approached them wasn't any of the new and boring econoboxes. No. It was deep, deep red with gleaming chrome wheels. It was accompanied by a low rumble. He saw Javier driving and Don, Dark Star, in the passenger seat. It stopped next to the trio. The passenger window was down.
"Holy shit," Brent said softly as the three took a step closer and bent slightly, "what kind of car is this?"
"Hey, Brent. '68 Chevy Malibu, older than all of us," Javier said, "my brother's car. Scratch it and I'm a dead man."
His dark face smiled. His accent was barely noticeable. Brent was used to that, some of his classmates would turn theirs on and off, especially when they weren't with their own kind.
"Have room for Brent to tag along?" Dani nodded toward him. The rear windows were tinted and obscured an easy view.
"If the three of you don't mind squeezing in the back seat," the driver shrugged, "hurry or we'll be late. I don't want to be late."
Squeeze, the word rang through Brent's brain. Squeeze between these two. He was happy he'd worn briefs today. And jeans. The discomfort that had returned to his crotch was his secret. He hoped at least.
Umbra stepped forward and opened the rear passenger door. The seats were as beautiful as the body.
"Move it," Umbra's deep voice brooked no dissent. Dani snorted and quickly slid onto the seat and shuffled her cute butt to the far side, "go!"
Brent nodded and followed suit, he slid over and the odd, tall girl in the ridiculously short skirt followed suit. The fit wasn't tight, but he had contact with both young women although he edged a bit closer to Dani and she didn't seem to try and avoid it. He wrapped his hands together and kept them between his knees. Not where he wanted them but probably the best move for now. Friday night.
"Next stop, CFS Financial," Dark Star said and three of his four companions 'whooped.' The car's rumble deepened and Javier took a left to find the exit.
Opportunities
Donald 'Dark Star' Anthony glanced at Javier Alcides across the front console between the seats and mouthed 'Brent?' Javier's dark eyes darted to the back seat as first Dani, then the subject of their silent discussion and finally the oddest but most alluring female either of them had ever met piled onto the richly upholstered back seat. Those eyes looked back at him and the driver shrugged.
'We'll ask the girls later,' Dark Star read and nodded. Umbra pulled the door closed. Javier worked the clutch and his right hand pushed the floor shifter into first.
"Next stop, CFS Financial," Dark Star said and three of his four companions 'whooped.' The car's rumble deepened and Javier's left foot rose and he took a left for the exit and streets beyond.
It wasn't that Dark Star didn't like Brent, he hadn't really formed a definite opinion of the kid yet. It was just that he was a jock. Tall, muscular, reasonably good looking, his kind had been natural enemies to the likes of him and Javier through the hells that were their high schools. That he didn't act entirely like it and that he seemed to also have much more between his ears than most of his kind made him a conundrum.
"So what's the deal with today? A bank?" Brent asked and Dark Star noticed the kid leaned closer to Dani. What that might mean wasn't yet clear.
"She wouldn't give me details," Dani said, "just told me to 'bring your three sweet friends.' But she seemed to like Brent when she met him, so when we ran into him a few minutes ago we didn't think him coming'd be a problem."
"You had the best view when she came to class, Brent," Javier said while he continued to look forward, "she seemed to like you."
Dark Star kept his expression neutral as Brent flushed. He wasn't used to the jocks being embarrassed. He'd noticed Brent eavesdropping in the lab while he'd helped a third student from calculus. It was kind of odd that the big kid already had the answer and simply used his spying to confirm it. Odder was the sense of relief on his face. Computers and chess were the only things in life that Dark Star was assured about, everything else was clouds and confusion. That one of the jocks who'd so bedevilled him also had such issues wasn't something he'd yet managed to digest.
"Hey," Brent's voice started shaky and firmed but stayed low, "did you guys go to high school together? You seem to all know each other."
Two female gazes at him and Dark Star registered he'd been elected spokesperson.
"Uh, well, no," he said as he twisted to look at the passengers in the rear in turn, he noticed Umbra's blouse, well the sight through that blouse as her blazer opened with her movement, and quickly focused on Brent, "Javier and I met as juniors, we're both from the Valley here but different high schools but we met at the state chess tournament. The two young ladies are both out of staters and met at one of the orientation sessions in the summer. Then all of us hooked up at a computer programming workshop just before the quarter over the first couple weeks of September."
"You guys all doing comp sci?" Brent asked the obvious follow-up.
"Me and Javi," Dark Star said and the driver grunted, "Umbra's doing physics and I think Dani's changed her mind to go into Accounting."
The dark girl snorted and she tried to pitch her voice for syrupy seduction. But she mostly sounded like she had a cold.
"I've thought about math, but when I compare our TA's clothes to Asha's... bit different. What about you, Brent?"
"Business, then an MBA, at least that's the plan. Maybe finance, but not accounting."
"Accounting seems a bit odd for beautiful redheads," Umbra's rumble had no problem hitting the right tone, "with bodacious figures. Right, Brent? But Devil Girl does astrophysics, so I'm doing astrophysics."
"Devil Girl? Who is she?" Brent seemed to ignore the question.
"The female half of why those two," Umbra jabbed a finger at the front seat, "are doing Computer Science. His name's Leather Boy."
"Where do you think Umbra gets her style sense from?" Dani added with a lilt that she managed more easily. "We have a tape, we'll show you one of these days."
"And Leather Boy is a computer genius," Javier said, "hey, this street, we're close."
"There, on the left," Dark Star said a moment after he'd turned to face front, he pointed and Javier nodded.
"This is the address," Javier said as he downshifted and waited for an oncoming car then turned into the parking lot. It was a smallish, two story red brick building. The ground floor had only small windows with frosted glass and were covered by thick wire mesh. The upper floor had more traditional windows. Their parking lot had two rows of slots and was about half full. The surrounding buildings were unimpressive warehouses.
"Doesn't look like a bank," Umbra said to murmured agreement. Javier nosed into a spot that faced the building.
"Not like this is the usual financial section of town," Dark Star said.
"Kind of like a bank safe, maybe," Javier said, "maybe this is where they do the accounting and stuff like that, don't need a fancy lobby to impress people."
"She said we'd need to ring a bell at the front door," Dani said as the quintet gathered at the front of the car, "let's go."
"'CFS Financial,'" Umbra read off of a small plaque mounted on the wall to the right of the opaque smoked glass front door, "we are in the right place."
"So tomorrow's headline might not be," Dark Star said lightly, "'bodies of five University freshmen found mutilated behind red building in warehouse district.'"
Umbra grabbed Dark Star by the shoulders. Dani pushed a black button that was part of what looked like an intercom just below the plaque.
"Right here, right now," she purred as she spun in front of the surprised target and bent over, "I don't want to die a virgin! Javier, in front!"
"Can I help you?" Everyone except Dani jumped at the mellifluous baritone voice that emerged from the speaker.
"This is Danielle Henderson, we're the group to see Asha Washington."
"Come in, Danielle," the voice said and the door buzzed. Brent grabbed the handle and pulled it open. Dani led them followed by Umbra and the two boys next then Brent followed up at the rear.
Dark Star had little choice but to bump into Umbra when Brent collided with him. Dani and Umbra had both frozen in place barely inside the building.
"Hello, thailor," her voice had been only one of the wildly intriguing things about her and he enjoyed that such an unexpected sound came from THAT body but right now it was barely audible. She seemed oddly distracted and her words were like the rumbling of stone. And he was utterly confused by her comment.
He saw and felt high-grade carpet, it wasn't the expected commercial office floor covering but something you'd find in one of those houses high up the benches. Not his house. Not Javier's. The walls were soft cream and yellow. In front of them was a double-wide desk with an empty chair, on its right was a computer monitor and on the left what looked like a set of multiple TV screens.
Closed-circuit TV? He chased his memory of the front entrance. Yes. Camera above.
Behind the desk a large, shield-shaped piece of weathered wood was mounted, most of the wood was covered with a logo that looked professionally done. It was a pirate with an expression of menace, black beard, eyepatch, cavalier hat with a long white feather. Arcing above the bearded buccaneer was C F S, and below 'Financial Advisors and Analysts' and below that crossed cutlasses.
Dark Star finally noticed the mountain. No, it moved. It approached from their left, apparently from around that desk.
"Ms. Henderson, I'm Gerald. Welcome to CFS Financial," he offered his hand to the girl who was dwarfed by her greeter.
"Shi...," Dark Star heard from behind, from Brent.
Gerald had to be six-three or six-four, with brown hair swept back and cropped on the sides. But it wasn't his height. He was in black slacks and a cream white shirt that matched the walls. A white shirt that was molded to pecs and delts and biceps and what must be beyond a six-pack, all apparently chiseled from marble. The top two buttons were undone to show a light but even tan, no hair and solid stone but the snug fit and the weave made the shirt translucent in the lobby's lighting. His face was firm but his eyes danced with mirth.
"Um, oh, hi... Ger... Gerald," Dani finally managed a complete word, "th... thank you."
"I'm Umbra," the taller girl threw her right hand out and Gerald chuckled silently and took it. First he shook it then he lifted it to his mouth and kissed it quickly. Umbra rumbled in her throat and her breathing went choppy. Dark Star registered an expression that mixed surprise and, surprisingly to him, anger, that flashed across Dani's face but he fought down any external reaction.
"I so rarely have two such lovely visitors," Gerald's voice was like silk as he released Umbra's hand and put it lightly on Dani's shoulder and she stood straighter, "at the same time."
He finally looked at the boys and nodded slightly. "But I was told to expect four and if I'm not mistaken you are five."
"Oh, uh, we saw that Asha really liked Brent so we hoped it wouldn't be a problem for him to come," Dani leaned slightly harder against his hand which now covered much of her shoulder blade. Her eyes flashed a challenge at Umbra. Dark Star couldn't see a response but the taller girl stood straight with her right arm bent and resting on her hip so it opened her blazer.
"I'm sure she won't mind," Gerald said.
"Oh," Dani seemed to see her friends anew, "this is Javier."
She shifted when Gerald removed his hand and offered. "Javier Alcides," they shook.
"And that's Don---," she started but the man-mountain's baritone interrupted.
"He is Dark Star," they shook hands, "and Brent is it?"
"Uh, Brent Singleton."
"If you would be so kind to wait," he motioned to some chairs along the left side wall, "I'll go let Asha know you're all here."
He turned and walked and the boys shuffled toward the chairs. Umbra stepped in front of Dani and they jostled as they watched Gerald from behind as he strode past the right side of the desk and through an open doorway and turned left.
"Did'ja see that ass?" Umbra said, her voice soft but very deep.
"Like you'd know what to do with it," Dani snorted, "and there's only one of him. No use to you."
"I'd know more than you, I have plenty of videos, not just that spring carnival one," Umbra stuck her tongue out at the shorter girl's comment, "maybe there's another one of him in the back."
"Bitch," Dani said hoarsely, "holding out on me with the videos? Cheater... when we get..."
"Children, don't fight," Dark Star stepped just behind them and put a hand on each girl's shoulder, "there's plenty of closer options."
Any replies were silenced by Gerald's retracing the path he'd taken moments earlier. But he wasn't alone. With him was a beautiful brunette who seemed a few years older than him and his friends and an equally attractive woman with brown-blonde hair who was older than either of her companions. But Dark Star wasn't sure how old, the woman seemed younger than his mother's mid-forties but not by all that much.
Not that there was much comparison. Gerald led the two women to stand in front of the group. Javi and Brent shuffled to stand outside of Umbra and Dani and Dark Star was frozen behind and between them.
"You were right, Gerald, they are an impressive bunch," the older woman said, "we'll take care of them from here."
He nodded and walked around the desk and sat down behind it.
"You've met Gerald," the older woman's smooth voice said, "this is Christine. My name is Penelope Amis, I'm the President of this humble operation. Asha is my head of operations and we'll meet her in a moment. But, from your expressions I think you have a couple of questions."
Dani looked sideways at Umbra, who had a broad if frozen smile.
"Do... does everyone wear see-through clothes here?" Dani said in a rapid burst, apparently before she chickened out.
"It just so happens today is our 'no undergarments' day," Penelope said, "and I like to set a good example for my employees. Now, Christine here leaves a bit more to the imagination, her dress is a bit opaque."
The younger woman offered a light shrug. Her dress had a vee that nearly reached her navel and fit tightly across both breasts. The building didn't seem to be heavily air conditioned but her nipples were clearly outlined. The dress was maybe an inch longer than Umbra's tiny skirt.
"But I wore slacks today," Penelope continued, "so you'll have to trust me on my complete adherence to today's rule. Now, Friday is 'no pants' day. Gerald there usually wears a toga. An extra long toga or else all of us get very distracted when he walks around."
The bulky man snorted and nodded from his chair. Umbra coughed and Dani's mouth dropped open. The three boys blinked and looked at each other and decided silence was best.
"Uh, um," Umbra stuttered and Penelope smiled softly at her and nodded, "do... is there a bathroom?"
"Yes, dear, there's one on the way to the conference room. We'll do full introductions there, please follow me and Christine."
They turned and led the group the way they'd come.
"Have fun," Gerald said with a quick wave.
Dark Star and Javi fell back to leave Brent just behind Umbra and Dani. They caught eyes and mixtures of lust and confusion mingled.
"Those tits," Javi mouthed and the taller boy grinned as Javi's voice trailed off, "and something... but..."
No, Dark Star was certain, this woman and his mother had nothing in common!
A left and there were broad stairs.
"We have an elevator, but we like the exercise," Penelope said, "keeps our legs in shape."
At the top of the stairs she indicated two rooms with the expected markers. "Right there, Umbra," the girl dashed into the appropriate one, "we'll give her..."
Umbra exited with a huge grin. She stopped in front of Penelope and Christine and held up a green g-string. Her companions all stared with open mouths.
"Ok, Madame President," the girl with the multi-colored hair said brightly, "I'm in FULL compliance with your directive!"
She flashed her blazer open to confirm what had only been hinted, she was indeed braless under a translucent blouse. The CFS President laughed.
"But it would be a good idea," Umbra's voice slowed, "for me to go back down and Gerald to confirm my compliance, don't you think? And I could, uh, confirm his compliance? And not just visually, maybe need hands---"
"You... whore," Dani said, "I'm---"
Penelope quickly put her hand on Dani's shoulder and laughed again. "Please, you're guests. Today. You're allowed some... latitude. Asha will fill you in on all of the rules. So... next time. Now, let's go."
The rear area was a large space filled with cubicle walls about six feet high. A few low voices could be heard, conversations in person or on phones but no one else could be seen. A hallway separated the cubicle section from a series of glass-walled conference rooms. At the far end of the building were what appeared to be three offices, horizontal blinds lined those windows although all were open at the moment but no one occupied the offices.
"Almost there," Penelope said as she pushed a conference room door open when Asha suddenly appeared.
"Just the person I need," the redhead said brightly as she enveloped Brent in a hug then stepped back and held his shoulders, "I had the feeling this one would make his way here today."
Eyes goggled at her. It was obvious she'd adhered to the rules because her white tee shirt was tight and had a very low and round neckline.
It was also transparent enough it may as well have not been there. Her skirt wasn't all that short but its slit was even more extreme than she'd worn when she'd visited their class. Her legs were bare and both she and Penelope had very high stiletto heels.
""I'm going to introduce Brent to Sherrilyn," Asha said, "she's our Director of Marketing and she can have him as her slave."
Brent's mouth moved but he didn't say anything as he looked at various people. At the far end of the aisle Asha had emerged from a woman with dark brown hair stepped from the last cubicle. Her dress reached to just below her knees but it wrapped her body like silk and left nothing hidden, including a dark brown patch between her legs. She smiled warmly.
"Hi," she said, "I'm Sherrilyn."
Asha led a suddenly robotic Brent and down the short hallway to the third cubicle. Sherrilyn offered her hand.
"Go ahead and do introductions, Lord High Mistress," Asha said, "I'll get these two settled."
"C'mon," Penelope led them into the conference room with a laugh, "Christine will get you refreshments. Coffee? Tea? We have soft drinks too."
Introductions were just complete when Asha entered, her crimson red hair bounced around her face. She stood at the front of the room next to Penelope. Christine had delivered a round of soft drinks. The windows behind Dani and Javi showed a view of a parking area with some commercial vans and trucks and a tall chain link fence topped by razor wire surrounded the yard. Beyond that the tall mountains that ringed the Valley were visible above a low building.
"Well," she said, "I take it everyone's met?"
"We have," Penelope said, "quite the crew."
"Why do you think I invited them? Look at those sweet faces."
All four looked at the two women at the front then at each other. Once again three faces eventually converged on the tallest of the quartet.
"Madame President, Miss Pirate Queen," Dark Star said and the two women grinned at his tone, "this doesn't seem like a bank."
"I told Dani that because it was easier," Asha shrugged, "we're not really in any sort of category. But we do hold and handle accounts and provide private financial accounting and advice for clients. We also dabble in brokering stock trades."
Dark Star nodded. He glanced at his friends. Dani's eye's caught his and they shared a quick nod. Javi had a confused expression but his gaze swiveled between the two women at the front of the room. But it seemed clear he didn't understand most of Asha's description.
Umbra seemed deep in thought but for an instant he wondered if it was for what Asha had just said or about Gerald. The edge of his mouth quirked quickly. Then he looked forward and forced his eyes onto that pretty face surrounded by crimson red hair, eyes that tried to return to two ridiculous tits. Those gold eyes looked back at him. Gold eyes? He'd seen the video where they'd not been clear or close, but hadn't SEEN them in the classroom. He'd thought that Umbra's chest and eyes were amazing, but this one... He blinked and held his breath for a moment before he spoke.
"You told Dani you had more than just a tour in mind, but you haven't said what it is."
Penelope gestured and stepped aside to sit down next to Dani.
"You two," Asha pointed to the Javi and Dark Star, "are computer geniuses. Right?"
"Uh, I guess," the little group's spokesman said.
"Don't be shy. I've checked, I know the instructor you had in that workshop. He broke under severe sexual torture and spilled everything."
"Torture?" It was Javi but Umbra let out a rumbled laugh.
"Brutal. But Tracy's made of tougher stuff but I still coaxed enough out of her. You two," she pointed at Dani and Umbra, "are tops with statistics and some other ridiculous math stuff."
"We haven't been in her class even a month," Dani said doubtfully.
"Your TA is tiny and she has an unusually prurient interest in you virgins," Asha said proudly as she caught each of four sets of eyes in quick succession, "but she knows math. She likes math almost as much as she likes virgins. Almost. She knows what you four know."
She flashed a grin, then continued speaking. Four sets of eyes all traded quick looks.
"I want to hire you guys. Well, and Brent. But different things."
"Hire us?" Dark Star spoke after a few more moments of newly confused looks.
"You've heard of the stock market?" Asha's question was met with nods except from Javi, his expression had a tinge of embarrassment to it.
"You've heard of the internet?" Snorts from the table, Javi back in the game.
"What about high frequency trading?" Javi's confusion was finally shared around the table.
"Tiny differences in stock prices and exchange rates, knowing to the millisecond when to buy and sell," Asha said, "but the networks are there now. We just can't get to them. And our computers are too lame."
"Why us?" Dark Star's voice had gained a distant tone and for the first time he looked just over Asha's shoulder instead of bouncing between her large and perfect chest and her lovely face. "Why not professionals?"
"Because 'it's impossible,' or so I've been told. Morons. But it wasn't that long ago when me using VisiCalc and a Univac mainframe were state of the art. Then a damned crazy girl child straight from the ninth circle of hell and her almost as crazy boyfriend in leather did the impossible and stole all of this tech from aliens..."
Asha paused and Dark Star watched Umbra's mouth quirk into a quick smile before it went back to neutral. He knew she idolised Devil Girl and that had been one of her reasons for her love of physics. But that last word... the tech they'd posted had come from SOMEWHERE... but if there were still aliens beyond the crashed spaceship that had never been officially admitted to BE a spaceship they'd managed to stay well hidden.
Dark Star caught Asha's eyes on him and her smile seemed to indicate she'd read his thoughts. Then she continued.
"And you're the ones, you youngsters, who're getting to terms with shit tech that's changing daily. So I want people who don't know it's impossible. There's no rush, one, two days a week. We'll start after the Halloween party. I'll pay you."
"Is there another Gerald here?" It was Umbra this time.
"No, sorry," Asha said, "he's unique."
"Damn..."
"Ah," Dani said, "told ya he wasn't a match for you."
"Are we serious about this?" Javi looked at each of the three in turn but locked on Dark Star. "Do you know what she's asking?"
The taller boy scrunched his face before he nodded. "Sorta... hang out tonight? We'll go over some thoughts. It'd be a cool challenge."
Javi tilted his head but nodded after a moment. "Si."
"I have extra work for you, Javier," Asha said and he focused on her face after a longing glance below that, "I know your part of town is poorly served for investments and financial advice. I'd like for you to help introduce me. I'd like for CFS to help out."
He looked at her. She looked at him then glanced at Dani.
"My mom was white, my dad black. They got a fair amount of shit thrown at them for that back in the sixties. They both died unfortunately young, but they were talent agents and worked hard to represent all kinds of kids, black and white and Hispanic and more."
"I... I'll talk to my brothers," Javi said after a short pause while he tapped the table, "they want to expand their auto body business but having issues with financing... my cousin's husband designed a sweet building for them but they can't get the money to build it!"
"I'll wear a bra," Asha said, "and a different blouse. Like at the classroom. Or not, you tell me. Deal?"
Javi nodded and smiled an instant later.
"So, decided?" Asha asked the table.
"TCP won't work," Dark Star said, "too slow. What kind of network do you have?"
"Christine," all four students jumped, they hadn't noticed she'd been at the back of the room, "get those folders from my office and the paperwork. Sorry, I'll need to have you sign NDAs, non-disclosure agreements. It means if you tell anyone what you're doing for us I can torture you mercilessly. After, I'll show you our machine room. We have the ground floor, plenty of empty room still. Just need you to tell me what to buy."
She pointed at the floor.
"And," Javi looked at Dark Star and smiled then tried to maintain a serious expression as he looked at Asha but couldn't help but lock on her chest for the first instant, "some of those new RedFruit home computers and broadband modems. So we can, you know, work from home."
Asha squinted back but smiled. "Get me prices, write it up."
"Statistical predictions," Dani said slowly, "we need to analyse bazillions of stocks and work out what they'll do next. Or, in the next, you said, millisecond? That's..."
"Crazy," Umbra said, "can you get us some quantum computers?"
"Tell me where I can buy some," Asha said, "and that's the theory, the papers are in your packs."
"Ok, if we do this can Gerald torture me, anyway, Umbra wouldn't enjoy it much," Dani said and she and Umbra stuck tongues out at each other, "just for... you know... just... encouragement?"
"Ah, sweet girl," Asha said, Penelope laughed, "I have such plans for you. All of you."
The Row
"Hey, Umbra, you ready, oh, my... go...," Dani's statement softened to silence as her mouth locked open as a face framed by a rainbow-hued mane smiled through the suddenly open doorway.
"I look okay roomie? That dress Christine had on inspired me, but I couldn't find one exactly like it. This one will do for no pants day. And no undergarments day!" The taller girl's deep voice had an amused lilt to it. Dani backed up and Umbra stepped into the little alcove between their bedrooms, she carried a silvery-grey jacket in her right hand. To one side was the too-small bathroom and the larger, but not overly large, space that was the kitchen and living room was opposite the bathroom.
"That... dress...," Dani stammered, "is..."
"Too loose? I was worried about that when I bought it, kinda think it might be a bit too long as well..., I like how it flares a bit at the bottom," Umbra shrugged and smiled.
"Loose? Oh... uh," Dani took a slow breath and her voice firmed, "I, uh, could draw your naked body from this view!"
"I've seen you doodling," Umbra responded, "you SHOULD draw me naked! But I won't make you guess."
"Uh," Dani faltered but smiled as her taller roommate tilted her head and held her tongue between her teeth, "and if it was any shorter people would see your... well you know what they'd see."
"This?" Umbra grabbed the front hem of her dress and pulled it up then smoothed it back down.
Dani's mouth dropped open again before she laughed. "Where'd you find silver panties to match that dress?"
"They're not exactly panties," Umbra's deep voice was light and she spun and pulled the back of the dress up, "g-string. I don't like lines."
"How can you wear those? That string up your butt...," Dani said as she shook her head and laughed as the taller girl smoothed her dress again and spun to face her.
"Bit of practice, don't even notice. Besides, it's not UP my butt, not like something else that might get up there before tonight's over."
She winked an eye with its terribly green iris surrounded by 'whites' that were mostly lighter green cloudiness. She knew she mostly freaked people out on the first meeting, although her TA Tracy with the crooked face had seemed utterly unconcerned about it that first day in class. They'd also had a few minutes to chat during a lull at lab hours and Umbra had quite liked the cute little grad student with some apparently interesting hobbies. Dani's face worked past shock through amusement and landed on what could be described as lust, despite the girl's inexperience at the emotion.
"Brent promises there'll be lots of boys tonight," Dani aimed for seduction but only achieved a sore-throat hoarseness, "maybe you can find one for a date?"
Umbra's smile widened.
"Don't want a DATE. I do need TWO boys to start with, since you'll murder me in my sleep if I get between you and Gerald," Umbra's deep voice was better at seductive lust, Dani squinted and snorted, "to work together to do VERY rude things to me while I do very rude things to them."
She held her arms in vees with her jacket in the crook of her right arm and curled her fingers and thumbs and moved her hands in a couple of quick back and forth motions. Her tongue quickly touched both lips. Dani laughed.
"But my cousin doesn't think too highly of frat guys," Umbra's voice back to its base rumble, "but she's only EVER been with TWO guys! And not at the same time."
"That's Anna, right?" Umbra nodded to Dani's question before her shorter housemate held her hands in front of her own chest. "She's got, um, quite the..."
"She's got some enormous ta-tas, yes," Umbra laughed before she cupped her own breasts, "I've got hardly anything compared to her."
"YOU have hardly anything?" Dani's tone was exasperation. "Look at these."
"Seen 'em," a rasp had been added to Umbra's rumble, "we only have the one bathroom to share, remember. They're nothing to be ashamed of. You should go braless more. In tighter shirts. Brent might like that. But I think he'll be really impressed by those legs you're finally showing off."
"Brent...," Dani's voice faltered, "he's..."
"Quite attracted to you, Dani," Umbra's voice had softened and was barely above a whisper, "at least when Asha's tits aren't in the room to turn his brain off. Boys are really stupid. But he is rather cute, don't you think? Not quite Gerald, but, who is?"
She grinned as Dani's lovely dark face again worked through a range of emotions. Umbra had liked this girl from the first time they'd met over the past summer at the orientation for incoming out-of-state students. She'd first noticed the dark skin that reminded her of 'Uncle' Harris, not really her uncle but he'd helped raise her, had taught her so much. She'd loved his soft-spoken tone that he used to tell her stories about his friend Peter Miller, the 'Queen's pet human and fuck toy,' whose actions had saved over two hundred lives, her Uncle's one of them. That hero and the Queen had been lost in the crash but they'd gone down fighting.
"All of the mutineers damn well better be dead with them," he'd say quietly and she'd always been chilled by the sudden iron in his voice, "or I'd be guilty of doing something terrible. I'd not feel bad about that, but I'd feel bad about not feeling bad! But it wouldn't stop me."
Then HE would be back, kind, soft-spoken, Uncle Harris. And she'd found Dani kind, soft-spoken, and to use a phrase from her uncle who wasn't her uncle, 'cute as a bug in a rug!'
Dani still hadn't spoken before Umbra came back from her memory. They hadn't talked about THIS side of Brent, they'd laughed about their muscular classmate's fumbling every time that crazy redhead accountant turned her attention on him and his near comatose state when they'd returned from her weirder-than-weird place of business. Not that their friends Dark Star and Javier hadn't also been targeted, they'd just hid their reactions better. Or they'd worn tighter briefs. And once Dark Star's mind was on the problem she'd posed to them it was if he didn't even see her tits any more.
Asha had also made clear that their gender didn't mean Umbra and Dani weren't also targets of her attentions. Attentions beyond accounting and the still not fully defined jobs she'd hired them to do at her firm.
Even Umbra had been left without immediate reply to that but at least Dani HAD listened to Umbra's advice for THIS evening. She'd had a dressy cobalt blue skirt that left the bottom two-thirds of her slender thighs uncovered and it had a matching jacket that Umbra had seen in the closet but she'd claimed 'no reason to wear it.' The taller girl had reminded her friend of Brent's request, 'dress to impress.' The latest in cleverly-engineered push-up bras, snug pale red blouse with possibly one more button undone than was purely proper and the highest red heels the girl would wear indeed offered an impressive visage.
Cousin Anna's and President Skyburster's tales and their videos of the inimitable Devil Girl had imbued Umbra with a love of inappropriately short skirts and a disdain for undergarments. She'd seen no reason to alter the bra avoidance around campus in general or for this evening despite a sheath dress that may as well have been paint, her breasts were somewhere between Dani's cute and round and Asha's incredible and round and they didn't need extra uplift. She'd relented on the g-string, tonight and often on a campus rife with hills and stairs, not because she cared about anyone catching sight of her pussy with its closely-cropped bush that she dyed in a rotation of the colors in her hair and her nice ass but because she HAD listened to Anna to 'dole it out to the deserving.'
Anna had found two boys deserving of everything she had, albeit not at the same time. Umbra wanted to best her taller and older cousin on that one, although she hadn't decided if it would be permanent or not. Anna's and Vicki's tales of Peter had been of a far different nature than what Harris told of him but they'd all combined to make Umbra picky about the two boys who were going to be the first to ravage her naked body. Which was why she'd not yet found them.
Dark Star and Javier had the 'bloody smart' aspect down that was a key requirement, but in other ways they were like her.
Virgins. She worried she'd fumble around enough, but if everyone fumbled?
Despite her outward confidence, she knew she was only book smart on the subject of fucking boys. And being fucked by them. Well, she DID have the many sex toys in her room. She'd waited for a few days after she and Dani had moved in to the little second-floor apartment a couple of blocks from campus before she'd nudged a late night conversation to sex to discover neither of them had made it to the ultimate goal. And ways to practice before it was achieved. A bit of coaxing of her new roommate and Dani had finally accepted Umbra's offer of a vibrator 'for a tryout.'
"I've cleaned it thoroughly," she'd assured her new roommate. It had never been returned.
And she had her videos. She'd been unsure and hadn't revealed them but once she'd let slip about them she'd shared some 'standard' ones with Dani, not her truly private stash. Just ones that showed that pornographers were always amongst the first to utilise new technologies. Umbra was pretty certain that after she'd introduced her roommate to a couple of favoured videos it wasn't only her own vibrator that had a good workout.
Umbra nodded and they walked into the living room, a thoughtful look still on Dani's face. The dark girl walked to the small, square, third-hand dining table with four chairs and plenty of scratches and put her hand on the clutch that laid there.
"He doesn't like me," Dani looked at Umbra, "like THAT. He... can't."
Umbra snorted. "Why can't he? He's a jock, but not JUST a jock."
"He asked both of us for tonight."
"He asked YOU. But he's... chicken," Umbra winked, "he thinks the sorority will ask you to join and invite me to 'try that one two blocks over, that's the elf house.' Then he'll have you to himself and he'll be free with his nefarious plans to get you naked and sweaty..."
She grinned. Dani tried as her mouth moved a couple of times but nothing came out. Further effort was forestalled by the low, melodious doorbell.
"It's him," Umbra mouthed at Dani before she walked quickly and pulled the door open without checking the spyhole.
"Hey, Brent," Umbra said, "right on time! Such a gentleman!"
She held up her left wrist and the black device around it flashed numbers and she showed it to the young man. After three seconds it went blank.
"That's one of those new digital watches, isn't it?" He looked quickly down Umbra's body as she stepped backwards and held the door open. But his gaze switched and stayed on Dani as he hesitated for a moment then entered but stood on the far side of the table and looked down her body before he quickly locked on her face.
"Hi, Dani. You're looking... nice," was all he managed while behind him Umbra winked and Dani glanced at her. His brain seemed to have locked up again.
"Told ya so," she mouthed. She pushed the door closed. Dani's mouth opened and closed quickly before she locked her gaze on Brent.
"Welcome to our 'umble home," she said and spread her arms slightly, "kitchen, living room, our bedroomS that way. And a bathroom. About covers it."
She pointed at each space in turn and put heavy emphasis on the 'S.' The plural 'S' at the end of bedrooms.
He looked around as Umbra walked and pulled on the same short blazer she'd worn a couple of days earlier. It was black and meshed well with the silver-grey of her dress. And it was the only one she had. Dani took a couple of steps forward.
"We bought that sofa from a yard sale, five bucks," she narrated as Brent nodded, "it's ugly but comfy. We flipped it over to check for mice first, only a couple so we bought it."
She and Umbra laughed lightly. After a moment Brent seemed to accept it'd been a joke and joined them.
"It's really nice in here," he said as he glanced into the alcove, his gaze hovered on each bedroom door for just a moment, "it's the opposite of my place. Pretty plain outside, red brick, kinda old. But inside, nice and new. My place is all modern on the outside and musty shithole on the inside."
He'd recovered some of his brio after his initial lock-up.
"The agent told us new owners couple of years ago," Dani stood alongside him, "redoing all of the apartments as people move out. We got a fresh one!"
"And it has the new broadband internet," Umbra added, "if only we had good computers to hook to it. I want one of those new Red Fruit IVs."
"Those are nice, my older brother has one for work," Brent glanced at her and nodded, then he looked at the more traditional watch on his wrist, "we should go. We'll be fashionably late, but not tardy."
"Go, you two," Umbra said and used her hands to gesture toward the door Brent had used, "I'll lock up and catch up."
Dani grabbed her clutch from the table and caught up with Brent at the door. He stood aside and motioned her through. Umbra winked again at her from behind his back.
"You look nice, Brent," Dani said as the three walked the two blocks to Fraternity Row.
"How come we're not wearing togas? I thought that was standard for frat and sorority parties," Umbra said, "you'd look good in a short, short toga. And I could more easily eliminate the, shall we say, 'shrimps' amongst my targets for tonight."
Brent snorted, with what Umbra took as a growl not totally hidden. Even Dani had a slightly scandalised expression.
"We could've almost walked here," Dani recovered quickly and changed the subject, "from our place, where we parked."
"I offered to drop you two off at the Row," Brent's tone was dismissive, "no traffic on the block tonight."
"But then you couldn't make an entrance with a hot chick on your arm," Umbra said and nudged him and he bumped into Dani. Both of them looked at her but she mimed for her to wrap her arm around his. They looked at each other.
"Humor her," Dani said, "and she won't turn into an axe murderer."
"That's for the Halloween party," Umbra deepened her voice to a rumble. She grinned and worked her eyes into shapes that she knew bothered people. Well, normal people. Brent looked resolutely away.
They turned quickly away and he put his right arm out and Dani wrapped her left arm and took his hand. Umbra dropped a half step behind and smiled at the couple as they hit the corner and turned right and stopped.
This evening Uni students of both sexes dressed in various sorts of finery strolled along the sidewalks and the road. Brightly striped barricades at each end reminded cars and trucks that they weren't welcome. Midway along the block on the right hand side a stage had been set up and a band played soft rock pop standards.
An older boy in a baroque jacket stood at the barrier. He blinked at Umbra but quickly focused on Brent's pin.
"You're a new Mu," he said, "and recruits for Rho?"
"Yes, sir, Brent Singleton, this is Dani and Umbra."
"Welcome," he said but it was clear he wasn't convinced about either guest but he had a job, "get 'em their name tags, can't get anything to eat or drink without one."
He waved them on. "Thank you," Brent intoned with what Umbra took was the appropriate deference. She fought down her laughter.
"Oh, wow," Dani said as she and Brent led Umbra onto the block, "these houses are huge. And pretty. Nothing like what's around us, and only a few blocks away."
"Fifty, sixty years old," Brent said, "my frat's house is seventy-two years old. Third one from the end on the left. That first one here on the right was the first frat decades ago, they told me, then the others moved in over time. I think the original families just didn't want these huge houses anymore. Plus, the rest of the neighborhood, just regular houses."
He waved then pointed. "Delta Rho is the next one past it. But you have to be a junior or above to actually LIVE on the Row. And even then, it's up to a vote unless you're elected an officer. Which also takes a vote."
Umbra was happy they'd taken Brent's advice to heart. Her sheath dress was the shortest on view. But Dani's appeared to be one of the sweet spots and plenty of others matched her, most of them seemed guests and pledges like she and her roomie.
The other common style was the long 'cocktail gowns,' as Anna derisively called them, that reached nearly to ankles. Umbra found that funny, since 'dresses and skirts' and 'clothes Anna wears' were disjoint sets. Except togas.
These 'cocktail' dresses all were snug and complimentary to figures but varied from uniform by their many different colors and differences in the amounts of cleavage they showed. Umbra's constant search for patterns told her these were strongly favored by the older girls who must be actual sorority sisters.
The tall girl knew with her hair, her ears and her eyes, she'd never fit in with THIS crowd, so was happy enough her dress was easily the shortest and probably tightest on view. Once she dispensed with the jacket she'd be a walking scandal. But if Dani decided this was something SHE wanted, Umbra wanted her friend to enjoy it.
"C'mon," Brent said as his companions dawdled and their heads swung, "we need to go register."
He led them along the street. The band was good, at least so far as Umbra's unmusical ears sensed. Smells from the various booths set up along the front yards promised a world tour of food.
"Hey, Brent," it was a handsome guy a bit older than them in an Omicron Mu jacket in front of their house, "are those your friends?"
"Good evening, Prez," he said, "that's Umbra with the hair and this is Dani."
Prez jerked an eyebrow at 'the hair,' Umbra smirked back. Dani smiled and waved.
"Ok, get 'em registered then come over, introduce them around."
"Will do," Brent waved and led them to the next house.
Umbra saw a blonde woman about her same height but with a more slender figure in one of the cocktail gowns standing behind a table in front of the Delta Rho house. Her practiced smile suddenly wavered when she saw Dani and her resolve neared breaking as her eyes went down Umbra's body all the way to her high-heeled boots then back up to flit between tits, hair, ears and face.
"Hi," Brent said, seemingly oblivious to the incipient panic attack behind the table, "these are the friends I said I'd bring."
"Oh, um, they...," the voice cracked, her name tag said Monica. Umbra saw her eyes dart back to Dani and she read... something.
Suddenly another woman, not quite so blonde and not quite so tall but with a nice figure and in another cocktail gown stepped alongside. She had a sash across her torso with the Delta Rho initials embroidered on it.
"I'll handle them, Monica," the second blonde said, "hello Brent. We haven't met but I'm Olivia Peterson, the President of the Chapter here."
Umbra felt warmth in the greeting. Honest warmth. But something else. She read Olivia's face. She tamped down a reaction to the name. There couldn't be a connection. Dismissed that thought. Olivia in turn dismissed Umbra with a glance but turned her well-honed warmth on Dani, she put her hand out. When Dani took it Olivia added her second hand.
"So you're Dani," the blonde president said smoothly, "I'm so glad to meet you."
Umbra wondered what Dani thought. Dani would be a catch. Along the street they'd hardly seen any skin even as dark as Javier, and he wasn't much past where Brent would be with diligent tanning. Which definitely meant no one even matched the crazy accountant Asha for skin tone. So Dani was... unique.
"Thank you, uh...," Dani hesitated.
"Just call me Olivia," the woman said quickly, "after you join you'll have to call me President then."
Yes, thought Umbra, Dani would be a coup for a sorority to showcase their openness. Despite idiots like Monica. Olivia gave Dani's hand a last squeeze and released them and turned slightly.
"And you must be Umbra," professional neutrality had replaced the warmth, and only a single hand was offered and taken but released quickly, "such an interesting name."
"Thank you, Olivia," Umbra let her voice bottom out, seemed appropriate, and a blonde eyebrow quirked up, "such an interesting street you live on."
"Yes," the blonde said, "Brent, leave your ladies with me. We'll sign them up and have them meet you back at the Mu house in a few minutes."
Umbra watched Dani's face. With Brent's clueless optimism removed the taller girl saw more diligent appraisal there. Olivia handed them off to a third senior sister who wasn't Monica who took their names and numbers and wrote up name tags for them which had the Delta Rho initials. This one wasn't quite at Olivia's stage where Dani was concerned but so far Umbra was certain for herself she'd already been nominated, discussed and rejected.
Unanimously.
They were asked to wait a couple of minutes and offered glasses of punch, which they accepted. Some sort of fruity concoction that tasted like every fruit known all at once. They were introduced to another pair of candidates then the four were given a tour of the house and a ninety-second history of the sorority.
"Founded in Boston in 1909, the first chapter here at the Uni was 1957. We're young but that means we try harder!"
The appropriate supportive laughs were offered. Finally they were released and told to enjoy the food and entertainment along the street but reminded that it wasn't an open rush, only once Delta Rho had passed judgement on them could they pursue other houses.
"But feel free to tour their dumps," the speech had ended, "you'll see the difference!"
"The elf house has to be around here somewhere," Umbra said quietly once she and Dani were alone as they walked next door to find Brent, "surprised they didn't already give me an answer."
"Oh, Umbra," Dani said, "they were nice. Mostly."
Umbra offered a mordant laugh at the tone on the last word.
"Hey, there's Brent, I'll drop you off then I'm going to explore," Umbra said.
"Wha? Hey?"
"I'll be around," multi-colored hair bounced as she emphasised the last word, "but, well, I can take care of myself. You two..."
Brent's face brightened as he and three of his apparent brothers all turned to look at the two girls. Umbra finally managed to extricate herself from the group but she left her jacket behind. The stately oaks that occupied every yard meant that the sun was essentially already gone and the air had already began to cool. The dress was sleeveless but not all that low-cut in front but she was more chill-tolerant than most and her legs were well used to exposure. And she stood straight to ensure no one had any doubt what the combination of the cooler air and the fabric was doing to her nipples.
It all meant she received plenty of attention. Plenty of it was negative from more than one girl. Umbra wondered if that was for the tits or when she had a couple of chances to lean forward a bit when there was a crowd behind her.
She'd accepted a glass of the same red-colored punch at a frat a few houses along the street from the Rho house. She'd smiled at the upperclassman who'd given it to her but didn't pay much attention to the pin that tied him to a frat except it wasn't Omicron Mu. She'd never cared about the Greek system and didn't speak the language, but as a math nerd the alphabet was second-nature to her. But that was countered by the fact she didn't much care.
She'd kept her poker face at the first taste of THIS punch. She'd smiled at the boy, cute but with an odd air.
"Tastes like what I had when I got here," she'd said and pointed, "down at the Rho house."
"Yeah, it's 'Row Punch,'" he'd said with a laugh, "boring but brightly colored. Like your hair on the color part but your hair certainly isn't boring. Nothing about you is boring, Umbra."
That's more 'game' than she was recently used to, although far short of her best fantasies. But it was directed at HER.
"C'mon by when you're ready for a refill," he'd said, "and meet the rest of the guys. We'll be close by."
She'd squeezed his arm. "I will," then she took a long sip and smiled before she walked away to his grin that bordered broad and leer.
Holy hell, ran through her mind with each sip as she strolled away before she put some wandering crowds between her and the Zeta Upsilon house where she'd received the punch. She looked back. There was a knot of older guys there, her server was one of them. She sipped her punch and analyzed.
They had two large urns by the porch of the house. She'd noticed her serving had come from the one on left as she faced them. They used these red plastic cups at all of the houses so those couldn't be tracked. But the pattern was quickly obvious.
All of the 'guests,' like her and Dani and those from other houses were seemingly all freshboys and freshgirls and easily identified by their name tags. It was the freshgirls who got the punch from the left hand side. Sorority sisters had differing tags and almost all got punch from the right hand side, as did most freshboys unless they were with what looked like senior frat guys who were part of the older boys and girls who offered winks or other unidentified signals and were given a serving from the left hand side but with broad smiles and laughs from the servers and recipients.
She took another long sip. She concentrated on pins, it wasn't just Zeta boys, there were others. They paid special attention to the young women like her, be they alone or in multiples, so long as they were unaccompanied by older Greeks. Smiles, soft voices, light touches. And punch from the left hand side. She took a long pull and drained her cup. Then she took a slightly weaving path back to the Zeta house.
"I remember you," the frat boy smiled broadly when he saw her approach, "having fun, Umbra?"
"So far," she said as brightly as she could manage, it wasn't a tone that came easy to her throat, "can I have a refill, please, Walter?"
She held out her cup.
"Just Walt for my friends," he said, "like you."
He smiled and quickly took her cup and refilled it. From the urn on the left.
She held his eyes as she drained the cup in a single swig. She licked her lips and he stared. She shuffled to stand next to him and turned so the back of his right upper arm pressed lightly against her left nipple and breast.
"Can I use the bathroom in your house?" She said just above a whisper. "These porta-things are so..."
He pressed his arm slightly back, she held her position.
"Agreed," he said, "first floor, down the hallway on the left. Want me to take you?"
His voice had what she took as hope.
"I'll be fine," she moved her head and whispered this time, "I'm going to need energy. I'll get something to eat. Then... you have a friend? You mind working CLOSELY together?"
She backed off and allowed him to twist. His face ran through emotions, most of them variations on disbelief that alternated with lust. He nodded.
"Hold this for me? I'll need more when I'm done," she handed him the cup and he took. She turned and walked. There were four broad steps to get onto the front porch. Could they see the string? They could certainly see her ass cheeks. Especially with the extra lean and hip swing she added with the last step.
The doorway entered into a large, open space. She smiled at boys and girls, most seemed a bit older from their pins and jackets that marked them as members and not pledges or guests.
"Bathroom?" A cute guy asked her.
"That obvious?" She nodded. He pointed to the second hallway on the left. "Thanks!"
Her mind went to Walt. She'd never worked out a full list of attributes for her first two boys, although 'wicked smart' had always been top of the list. But. That was important if she was keeping the boys around. But if it was a 'use 'em and lose 'em' situation, was it so vital then? If they were fit, energetic, knew their way around a woman's body... and as she'd specified would work closely together because by the end they'd indeed be quite close to each other... was that enough? She didn't see that spark in Walt's eyes that she saw in the eyes of her two friends. But he seemed to tick the other boxes.
Her business done, she froze at the border of the little hallway and the large room that made up the ground floor of the house when she heard two guys in soft discussion, their backs to her.
"The Cindy train's leaving the station," the guy on the left said as held up a black top hat, of all things, "first three cars taken, but if you want in, draw a number. If you miss your slot, you go to the end. If she gets that far. But she's a goer, heard tell she might be trying for the record."
Both laughed and the second guy pulled a little slip of paper from the hat.
"Hey," he said, "five! Cool."
"Stay close then, Howie's room upstairs. He's out of town so his sheets."
Another round of laughter and the guy with the hat walked past another guy who was talking to some sorority girl and stopped in front of two more guys.
'The Cindy train? Leaving the station?' Umbra ran the words through her mind a few times. What did they mean? Cindy was a girl's name. But. What was her train?
She watched a guy saunter down the stairs to her left, toward the rear of the house. He seemed to still be adjusting his clothes. 'Number Five' had met up with another frat guy and they spoke softly, she heard "three" but not much else. They caught eyes with the guy on the stairs and all offered thumbs up. Number Five patted the other guy on the back and that guy headed up the stairs. The new arrival hit the floor and slapped hands with Number Five.
"How was she...," Umbra heard as she moved quickly as they turned their backs. Despite her five inch booted heels she could move quietly if she wanted. The carpet on the stairs helped and she scooted quickly up while attention was on the new dude. She followed the guy, Number Three apparently, to the right. She peeked around a corner. He spoke with a second guy seated next to a closed door.
In that room? She pulled her head back and looked around. Then she smiled. There was an open door to an unoccupied bedroom. On a side table there were two empty bottles of beer, one on its side, an empty soft drink can and two glasses, one with a bit of water in the bottom and a second glass almost full of water. She walked in and grabbed the full glass. Then she took a deep breath and let it out slowly as she stood straight and walked around the corner.
Two sharp looks focused on her after a moment but they softened as they looked her body up and down, their gazes locked on her mostly-exposed thighs and her very erect nipples. She held up the glass.
"I brought Cindy some water," she hoped her voice was firm, "she might need it."
The two guys looked at each other before the seated guy spoke. "Give it to me, I'll..."
"No," Umbra said firmly, "this is a girl to girl thing."
After another moment of silence the seated guy jerked his head at the door then back. "Go."
She smiled and quickly but quietly opened the door and stepped in before she pushed the door closed.
Cindy was cute, her light brown hair was sprawled across the pillow her head rested on. She was naked, on her back and had her legs wrapped around a male's bare ass and her arms around his shoulders. Number Two, Umbra assumed silently. The man's hips pistoned and his head rested over her left shoulder, opposite from Umbra. Clear view of him penetrating her wasn't available but there was little doubt.
The woman's eyes opened and the man slowed and lifted his head. He sniffed at the sight of Umbra but the woman's eyes narrowed. He returned to his task as his hips quickly regained speed. Umbra pointed at the glass then quickly set in on the side table and stepped back.
Cindy's gaze wasn't friendly. In fact, Umbra was quite certain, it was downright hostile. Umbra offered a shy smile and quickly moved to the door and made her way outside. She pulled the door closed quietly.
"Thanks," she mouthed at the two guys, they nodded with confused faces. She turned and strode away. She stopped and took a deep and slow breath once she'd turned the corner and was out of sight. She heard the buzz of conversation from the lower floor.
'That's a train,' she mused, 'she fucks one guy after another? They take... turns.'
It was a new concept. She'd long obsessed on the first two at once. But now she had a secondary goal. How many guys would this Cindy manage? Umbra hadn't recognized her, had no memory of the face. And she was excellent at faces. Maybe Walt could offer some guidance. But that wasn't so important. She'd always wondered what was after her first time. Now she knew. Maybe not right after it, some one on one and more two on one training would likely be useful before such an endeavour.
She had a second goal in life.
Well, a third. An astrophysics degree was still firmly in plan. But she wasn't even a month into that four-year plan. These other plans weren't so fixed.
She shuffled to the top of the stairs. She guessed Number Four wouldn't show until Number Two was done, if they kept the pattern. No one was coming up. She strutted down the stairs and hit the floor before anyone seemed to notice her. She strode deliberately through the room and out the doors.
'Always look like you belong,' Uncle Harris had taught her, 'people don't want to get involved. Goggle like a tourist and you'll be tagged in an instant."
She hit the front porch and saw Walt side on, just as he handed a red cup to some guy who looked like a pledge, like Brent. From the right side urn then.
She walked quickly to stand beside him again and he started slightly.
"Put your hand out," she said softly. He said a sort of 'huh' but held out his right palm. His eyes went wide when she set a folded silvery-grey g-string on his palm.
"Now you have a hostage," she whispered in his ear, "if you find another chick whose dress matches that, guess I lose out. Otherwise, wait for me? I'll want it back... eventually."
He looked at ear then leaned in. She welcomed his kiss and opened her mouth, felt his tongue run across her upper and lower lips. Then she backed off.
"I'll take that as a yes then," she smiled, "get me another punch and I'll be back? Not long."
She smiled as he filled her cup from the left hand urn again but he had a slightly odd expression as he did so. He handed it to her and she kissed him quickly then turned and waved with her free hand. She sipped as she hit the street but then a sight caught her eye.
At the far end of the Zeta yard three guys stood around a young woman with dark brown hair. Umbra wasn't sure of the specific house but the name tag style said she was a guest. Unlike Cindy, this one's face showed something else...
Umbra walked on, unsure now. But something else had caught her eyes. A booth that advertised 'pulled pork sandwiches.' She liked pork. She liked sandwiches. How did you 'pull' pork? She made her way there. The food booths were all free, a wait behind a boy and a girl and she had one on a paper plate.
A hamburger bun. The pork was shredded and piled on the bun with coleslaw on top of it, BBQ sauce on that and the other half of the bun. Potato chips on the plate.
She found an isolated chair a bit to the right of the band's stage that someone had left and had set her half-full cup on the ground next to her booted feet. The chair freed her from conversation. She wanted to digest this scene. She scanned along her side of the street as she worked on her delicious sandwich. Could she and Dani make pulled pork? Her roomie was beyond handy in the kitchen but this had never been mentioned and she'd never seen it on the Uni's cafeteria menu nor had she seen it growing up or in any of the few restaurants she'd been to here in her new city.
The Zeta House, and Walt, was on the opposite side and off to her right. After a moment she noticed something.
Walt's place wasn't the only one with two urns. With study she saw that a house just across the street from that and another one at the far end across from the Mu and Rho Houses had them. As she munched her sandwich she studied. Like Zeta, the left hand urn was only for young, unescorted women or those who were in the know. She saw Brent and Dani approach one of them. After a moment of Brent introducing Dani they were given two full cups.
From the right hand side.
Then she saw her. Another young woman, another guest, her face slack, her eyes drooped. Like at Zeta. Despite that one of the jacketed guys fetched her a fresh cup from the left hand side. She found the third house. Her eyes narrowed.
This was Umbra's fourth full cup, not counting the one from the Rho house. That first one had been simply water and some mix of fruit juices. But these others had high levels of ethanol. A comment Anna had made came to her mind. The punch was cleverly flavored to taste essentially the same regardless of this addition.
Her sandwich finished, she grabbed her cup and stood then deposited the plate in a nearby bin. She drained her cup and stood still.
She'd known about the alcohol from the first sip. Legally she and Dani were too young to drink booze, Brent, Dark Star, Javier too. But her youth had included teaching of it because she wasn't normal. She wasn't like these other kids. She focused on the Zeta house and saw the young woman who'd been surrounded was practically being carried up the front porch.
Shit, ran through Umbra's mind, alcohol and normal livers. Her eyes went to slits as she watched Walt as he and another guy offered punch cups to two more young, female guests. She looked up as the girl, the... drunken girl and her escorts disappeared into the house.
She quickened her pace. Cindy... Cindy hadn't been like this other girl. She'd been All There. What she was doing was her intent. As it would be Umbra's intent. But her former plan evaporated.
'You stupid asshole, Walt, you had me at hello, you and your buddy could've turned me inside out until the sun came up tomorrow and I'd have happily walked bowlegged all weekend. Hell, maybe I'd have stayed until Monday, naked and yours to use! But no. You assholes gamed the odds.'
"Hey, Walt," she stopped in front of him, her voice thick syrup that she hoped matched the girls she'd finally seen, "got your buddy?"
His expression took a second before it turned to a leer. He motioned for her to wait by the front steps. She watched him tap another guy, both of them a bit taller than her and handsome.
Damn. Dumb as stumps, maybe, but clearly fit. Sigh. This would be... tight. But she guessed she needed to get upstairs and her earlier trick was not likely to work again.
"This is Nathan," Walt said and Umbra smiled at him, his eyes glanced at her face but locked on her chest with her nipples insistent on attention. They got it.
"Call me Nate," his voice was deeper than Umbra's. She smiled. Not a usual thing.
"She wants something special," Walt continued.
"I do, but first," Umbra said, "let's all guzzle a glass of punch. That punch."
She pointed to the special... spiked, yeah, that's the word. Spiked punch.
The two guys looked at each other before they shrugged and quickly filled three cups.
"Bottoms up," Umbra said and she tipped the glass up and emptied it. The guys hesitated but followed suit. She rubbed the back of her wrist across her mouth.
"One more, then...," she said and bopped her head at the house. The guys seemed doubtful but collected three more cups.
She led them in downing the cups. Her brain had the slightest layer of fuzz around it. She didn't know her limit. Her cousin was taller and broader and apparently could drink an almost boundless amount without being touched. She hoped the fuzz didn't thicken.
"For the road?" She said, the guys obeyed and she led them in emptying a third and then she quick-stepped up to the front porch. She hid her smile and tried to keep her face slack as the two guys were just that bit tentative.
"This way," Walt said with a definite slur. He led the trio into the house. Nate walked along her right side and put his left hand on her ass. She wiggled it.
She saw leered smiles as they hit the stairs that led upstairs. Good. But she didn't know where the previous quartet had gone. Cindy's train was to the right. Walt stumbled slightly on the last couple of steps, she stepped and braced him and heard Nate's hard inhale. She smiled. His face was level with her ass, bent forward as she was and with the g-string likely still in Walt's pocket, no wonder.
His balance regained, Walt led them to the left. Umbra wondered for an instant what had been the original layout? This house at least appeared to have had the upper floor carved into bedrooms. Brent had said only juniors and up lived here. So, bedrooms, bathrooms.
They passed a closed door and Umbra heard something from the other side. A cry? But definitely some hard movement, but not the same kind of flesh slapping that Cindy was probably still enjoying. Did you rest at some point? Could the guys take multiple turns? Did it have to be one boy at a time? So much to find out.
Later.
One more door and Walt led them through an open door into another bedroom. It was the same size as Cindy's, well, Howie's room, it seemed. Nate pushed the door closed and Walt wrapped his arms around Umbra and pulled her tight. His hands went to her ass but stayed on the outside of her dress. Her tongue fought back its attacker before Nate nudged them apart and replaced Walt. His breath wasn't as sweet but like Walt offered an alcoholic tang and he went under her dress to grab ass cheeks. She had the suspicion that his erection was larger, based on contact with her thigh. She let the kiss continue then pushed him away.
"Whoa," his voice and feet were unsteady, "you're strong."
"Yeah," she rasped, "get naked guys."
"Huh?" Walt spoke but Nate's face echoed it. Both wavered slightly.
"One of you is going here," she pulled up the front of her dress and their eyes went wide when they saw the bright dyed blue of her bush with her g-string gone, she guessed from responses various others outside had seen it as well but she simply smoothed the dress down, "the other one in my mouth. I think I deserve to pick which goes where first round. It's not like you won't each get every entrance you want at least once."
She stuck her hand on her hip and stuck it out. "C'mon," she said, "we doing this or what?"
The two guys blinked but grinned. "That side of the bed," she pointed to the far side, "c'mon, strip!"
She slurred her words and tried her best to squeal. She'd heard Dani do it when she got her roomie laughing hard enough so she knew the sound but it wasn't something she could manage. At least not well. But the guys laughed and obeyed. They dropped their jackets over a chair and both stumbled a bit before they worked their belts. In near-unison they pushed their slacks and underwear down and worked their shoes off.
Their pricks seemed mostly erect and quivered slightly as they went at their shirts. Nate was indeed larger.
Her dream. Her desire. So close. But.
"Very impressive," she said with as much seductive rasp as she could manage. She backed up a step as they looked down at the buttons. Both undid their last button and pushed their shirts off and stood proudly naked at the far side of the bed. She found the doorknob behind her back.
"You coulda had me, all night, both of you. Every hole, often as you could," she said, their faces showed incomprehension, "but you had to spike the punch. Assholes."
She shifted and opened the door and quickly exited and pulled it closed. Three steps, she listened at the other door. Muffled moans, struggle? She tried the knob. Unlocked. She pushed it open.
The girl indeed struggled, her eyes wide and clouded, on her back on the bed, something stuffed in her mouth. Her dress was mostly unbuttoned, her bra was still on but one breast had been pulled free, her underwear gone. One guy held her shoulders, another a leg and the third one knelt between her legs with his pants around his ankles and his exposed prick tumescent. Four heads turned toward her. The girl's head rose as much as it could and her eyes turned to dazed pleading.
"Get the fuck off her, you assholes," Umbra rumbled with as much deep threat as she could, she knew it had shock value if nothing else. She stepped forward and pushed the guy from his knees and he fell onto the bed then his upper half dropped off the far side. The near one tried to grapple her, she grabbed his arm and spun it and him until he was turned. She felt the shoulder tendons at their most extreme but she left them intact. Mostly. He moaned then yelped when she shoved him hard face first into the wall. He dropped and groaned.
"You stupid whore," the third one tried to jump over the prone girl directly onto Umbra but the prone body bounced and made contact. He landed short and missed Umbra and hit the floor but he was agile and was up quickly.
"You wanna dance, let's dance," he swung a fist that had no business missing but Umbra dodged but felt the knuckles graze her cheek. Her response was a right jab that crushed nasal cartilage and sent him stumbling backwards with a scream to land on his ass with both hands already cradling his face. Uncle Harris would be proud. Not that she'd had to use what he'd taught her, but that she'd used it all well. And only out of necessity for a good cause.
"C'mon, girl," she grabbed a right arm and helped her scramble to her feet.
It was the girl's underwear in her mouth. She pulled it out while her other arm went around Umbra's waist, Umbra's arm around hers. The girl's breathing was fast gulps of air. The guy on the bed had raised his torso but just laid there, his eyes wide, his erection deflated.
Umbra pulled the stumbling girl into the hall just in time to see two naked guys emerge into it as well. She glared at them and they stopped.
"What's your name?" Umbra asked as she decided it would be faster to carry the girl.
"B... Be... Betty," she slurred between gasped breaths.
"Time to move, Betty, go, go, go...," Umbra said harshly and listened for pursuit. She heard the howled moans of the guy she'd laid out. Good. Let him go to the administration. She'd enjoy that.
A knot of people, male and female, stopped a third of the way up the stairs when she made it to the top with her passenger. She was confident she could take any of these candy-asses one on one but as a group if they didn't want her to leave she wouldn't. Time again to channel Uncle Harris.
"Make way," Umbra growled, "or I'll break some more noses."
Gasps from below as Walt and Nate, still naked, screeched to stop a couple of yards short of Umbra and Betty. Both stumbled and held each other up before they steadied. Umbra glared at them then started down the stairs as Betty seemed to try and pull her dress back together but without much success.
"Later," Umbra said softly into the shorter woman's ear, "it's fine."
The group parted and she mostly carried Betty down, at the bottom the girl was able to take a bit more of her own weight. More people parted as they emerged onto the front porch. More gasps and various other sounds of confusion as the crowds on the street caught sight of them. The streetlights had been buttressed by floodlights installed on each house so it may as well have been daylight. She hit the ground and at the sidewalk she turned them left.
"Where's Olivia?" Umbra said loudly as she stopped at the table in front of the Delta Rho House. Betty was unsteady and she suddenly leaned sideways and vomited a stream of liquid onto the grass as Umbra braced the girl's hips. Yelps rang out and people shuffled back. Betty coughed and released a second, smaller stream. She backed hard against Umbra and stood mostly straight, but still shook as she tried to redo buttons on her button-front dress the same length as Dani's and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. The not-quite-blonde appeared from inside the house and her mouth dropped open. Behind her Umbra heard Dani's voice.
"Umbra, what's going on?"
"Olivia," first things first, "this is Betty. I don't know if she's yours, but you won't have a problem identifying a couple of the guys who caused this. They're marked."
Olivia's mouth moved but no sound emerged. Dani gasped as she came to stand alongside Umbra and saw the girl, who'd scrunched herself back against her taller companion.
"Did you know about the spiked punch?" Umbra's question was direct. She hadn't shouted but everyone in the rapidly assembled group heard. Plenty of gasps from that crowd but also murmurs of agreement. She watched the chapter President's face.
She'd known. At least about the alcohol. The rest?
Suddenly two other young women pushed through the crowd from Umbra's right. They stepped wide to avoid the mushy spot on the grass.
"Betty!" One of them shouted. Both ran to the girl, she shrank for a moment before she apparently recognized them and was immediately wrapped. One of them looked at Umbra and did the usual double-take at the sight.
"Did they...," she managed after a moment. She had a Tau Phi pin. Umbra shook her head. The woman nodded before she mouthed 'thank you.'
Umbra turned as Dani moved close. She saw Brent, wide eyed and confused.
"I'm outta here," Umbra said and she pulled her name tag off and tossed it to Olivia, who caught it but stayed silent, "if anyone's missing any girlfriends, you might want to check the houses with two urns in front."
Another murmur.
"But leave Cindy in Zeta alone. She's up into double figures with her train ride. She knows what she's doing and going for the record. Someone later tell me what it is so I can beat it someday."
Umbra wasn't sure what the shocked stares were for. Betty? Cindy? Or her boast that no matter how many Cindy did she'd do better one day. Whatever. She walked quickly up the street. She gave her watch a quick pattern of four taps. She'd moved two steps and was on the third when it vibrated. She'd been warned not to count on a rapid or possibly any response and was slightly relieved.
It wasn't that far to walk home and there were plenty of streetlights, but still too many shadows. But she'd have warning.
Then Dani and Brent appeared on each side of her. Her roomie had Umbra's jacket.
"What happened?" Dani said.
"Punch had alcohol," Umbra said, "getting girls drunk then dragging them upstairs. Did you know, Brent?"
Her voice was hard. Dani gasped.
"Oh, uh," Brent said, "no. Yes. Well, it was only for... only if you knew to ask for it. But I didn't think you two wanted so I didn't tell you..."
"I didn't WANT," Umbra said, "but I still got it. Fortunately I don't get drunk easy. But... goddammit. I had two guys picked out. I was so ready! I should be in there getting it front and rear. But I figured out what they were doing."
"Shit," Dani said, "and I was going to actually join. But..."
Umbra wasn't sure if Brent's sound was a groan, a curse, a cry or all of it rolled into one.
"I'll take you two home," he said quietly and edged slightly away to give them space, "don't walk."
Dani nodded for the two of them and took her taller roomie's hand. Umbra clasped it back.
Lovesick
"It's such a clear night," the seated young man jumped at the voice that came from behind and to his left. It was a woman's voice, soft but steady.
"The moon is so bright and the air is so still and cold," the voice continued, "maybe autumn has finally arrived."
"Huh? Who's there?" The body on the bench twisted toward the first voice and watched the shadowed shape walk to stand not quite in front of him.
"You don't remember me?"
"Uh, uh... Oh. Dr. Lynch," the young man stammered, "right?"
"Yes, Victor," the woman said, "may I sit?"
"Su... sure," he slid to his right, "oh, wait. Bench is cold."
He stood and hurriedly adjusted the blanket he had on the bench and stretched it out.
"Sorry, it's not that long," he said as he sat on one edge.
She adjusted the shawl to wrap around her shoulders and torso and sat but to fit on the blanket she had to sit just against him. He started to shift when she put her hand on his arm.
"That's fine, Victor," the woman said, "you're very thoughtful. I don't mind, do you? And please, call me Lydia."
She slid her hand along the sleeve of his jacket until she found the bare flesh of his hand. After a slight hesitation he let her wrap his hand with both of hers.
"Your hand is very cold," she said softly, "give me the other one."
She looked at him, faces gently lit by the sliver of the moon low in the western sky. Their bench sat at the edge of a grassy ridge and much of the Uni campus sprawled just below them. He'd chosen a bench that sat between two light cones that didn't quite meet from streetlights along the walking path that followed the crest.
"You look... very nice Doc..., uh, Lydia," his voice was unsteady as he twisted to look at her, "that's a nice dress. Were you on a date? And aren't you cold?"
"My shawl is wool, it keeps me very warm," she said and squeezed his hands, "and these are my casual clothes."
He offered a quick 'huh' to that but then he followed her nod and they both looked forward. The lights of the City and its suburbs that spread across the Valley floor glinted in the gaps between the nearby buildings. His face worked through confusion to acceptance and his right hand joined its partner. His hands gathered, Lynch slowly pulled them to rest on her right thigh.
"Your hands are warm, Doc..., uh, Lydia, how?"
She massaged his hands and as she did they rubbed against the smooth fabric of her dress. The moon's light seemed to make its blue cloth glow.
"It's Saturday night, Victor, well, early Sunday morning. Do you always come out here to see the lights and the moon and the brightest stars?"
"Uh, well, um..., just felt like a walk," he said in a low voice as he looked at her face for a moment before he looked down. She continued to rub the backs of his hands but had turned them so his palms both rubbed against her thigh through the cloth of her dress.
"Why... why are you here? Do you always walk at night?"
She laughed but it offered little amusement. "I live alone. This University and you students are my whole life. Sometimes I like to walk the campus at night, I can feel the life that's so abundant when it's quiet and peaceful. But also where it's... not so peaceful."
He looked at her face again. She shifted to edge tighter against him. His hands stopped and she urged them to move again.
"Weren't you seeing Cherise this evening, Victor?" Her voice was quiet, kind, understanding. She kept his hands in place when he jumped slightly. His eyes flared then narrowed.
"How do you know that?" His voice was hard. But more confusion than anger.
"She's a very special girl, Victor, but she's not like other girls. She's a special kind."
His mouth quivered but he didn't speak.
"No, Victor. You're such a sweet boy. So perfect," her voice went softer, "but not for girls like Cherise."
"No, no," he said as their eyes locked, she blocked her smile as his hands clenched, "she's not like... like..."
She held his eyes as she twined her fingers around his for a moment before she quickly used their grouped hands to work the lower flaps of her wrap dress apart.
"She is like that," she said softly and held his eyes as her dress parted to allow his palms to rest on the top of her stocking, "she will be your friend. She likes you. But... she cannot do more. Cannot be more. Not for you."
She edged his hands until his palms passed the border of silk and flesh. His mouth moved and he kept his gaze locked on hers.
"She... doesn't like me," he said, "she..."
"Did she tell you that?"
"Uh... no, but she wouldn't... wasn't..."
"No," Lydia said softly, "you didn't react as kindly as you might've tonight, but tomorrow will be a new day for both of you."
She worked both of his hands onto the flesh of her right thigh just above the top of her stocking and alongside the garter strap. His fingers had warmed and she shuffled her left foot to create a gap between her legs.
His eyes finally broke free for a moment to down her body. Threads sewn through her shawl glittered in the silvery light. She nudged his left hand further up her thigh. A sudden shiver ran up his arm and across his shoulders. She gently but firmly held his hand in place with her own left hand and slid her right hand onto his jeans covered upper right thigh.
"You're such a virile young man," Lydia said as she pressed his hand against the moist and uncovered slit between her legs and her other hand found the stirring flesh in his crotch, "and your memories of tonight should be those of a virile young man."
She heard his choppy breaths that sped as her hand found his flesh that started to fight against its confinement. In keeping with everything else about him it was perfectly average. She'd greatly enjoyed the recent extra-large but she wasn't picky, long-lasting was often more important than long. She pressed against it and his fingertips tentatively penetrated her.
"You don't have u..."
"Of course not," her voice was hoarse and she rubbed fingers against denim, "it's too hot to be wrapped up tonight. Push your fingers in."
He exhaled at that. She twisted her torso to press her right breast against his arm and pushed to kiss his neck before she exhaled against it and nibbled his ear before she whispered.
"You should taste a woman before the morning dawns," she wondered if his reaction was purely to the words or buttressed by the scent released when he'd opened her flesh. Most male's noses were next to useless but there were rare ones. She inhaled slowly and deeply and his surprise and shock and desperation were enthralling.
"I'm sorry about that poor, confused girl, Victor, be her friend. She will need you. But not how I need... want you."
She kissed his cheek as her right hand stroked a cock that seemed ready to wrest control from the young man's brain. Her left hand did a final push for his left hand to explore a pussy that expected that and more. Then it found his other hand and guided it under the cloth that made a deep vee of the top of her dress. There was no bra to interfere.
"Feel what the cold does to my nipples," she whispered as she kissed and nibbled, his touch was crude and hard and she purred to encourage him, "you should taste them, too."
She squeezed his cock hard and he grunted.
"I want to taste this lovely cock, to pull it into my mouth and suck it. And more."
He moaned.
"Tell me what you want, Victor, do you want to be a man?"
He squeezed her tit hard and his finger touched, left, then returned to its discovery of her hard clit.
"Ye... yes," he said with a voice harsh from effort and not anger, "I want to..."
She put her lips almost inside his ear. "To fuck me. That is what you want."
She moved her head back and he twisted. She pushed her mouth onto his, both sets of lips closed before she encouraged his to open. Her tongue touched his and coaxed it to a more active role. She'd had a better kisser recently but this'd do.
Then she broke the kiss and stood and pulled him to his feet. His eyes opened and went wide and she had to steady him. She took his right hand in her left and turned to lead him away from the dorms.
"Come, Victor, sweet boy," she said firmly as he obeyed, "and I will make you a man."
Her tongue swirled around the head of a cock. If it could get any harder it'd split the skin.
She poked the tip of her tongue into the slit at the end while one hand worked the shaft and the other cupped balls and slowly worked a middle finger past an anal ring that had lost the ability to resist. Fingers on both of his hands twined through her blonde hair. At first he'd pushed her mouth onto his erection but unlike her last occasion she'd had little trouble swallowing this one whole but now those hands were along for the ride. His brain lacked the capacity to direct them.
She'd made him cum in his jeans on the short ride in her car to this new lair. It wasn't her primary one, her 'home,' but it was much more conveniently located for such moments as she currently enjoyed. Only a few blocks from the Uni it was a tiny house on a block heavy with old trees and hedges tailor made for privacy. The neighbors knew only that an 'eccentric woman who came and went' had recently bought it. Most had their own secrets that were best left hidden so none tended to pry deeply.
The boy moaned. She slowly worked her lips along the shaft and her tongue followed. His hips tried to lift but she used her leverage to keep him flat. She'd made him cum in his jeans. She'd encouraged him, coaxed him, drove him to it with the promise that it would make what was to follow even better.
She'd been confident it would be little impediment to further pleasures.
She'd been right.
He'd hardly even softened after that first climax.
And he'd tasted of cum. He'd been sticky. She'd licked it up greedily and cleaned his skin once she'd piled his clothes in the hallway, her shawl and wrap dress easily discarded as well to leave her in stockings, garter belt and heels.
It was a rare pleasure. She could, and did, enjoy the taste of a man's ejacualate but now, tonight, there were limits. She could easily make this boy release a second geyser of delicious goo but that was not her purpose. He was of a kind and she needed something else from him.
He lifted his head and his eyes were pleading when her head rose and released his quivering cock from her mouth. Her hand squeezed it and with one last flick against his prostate she pulled her finger from his ass. His eyes blinked and his mouth opened and closed.
"My turn," her voice was husky. She released his cock and he groaned. She kissed up his torso as she crawled across the king size mattress on a frame that squeezed out everything but a pair of small side tables with lamps from the house's single, undersized bedroom, a single lamp lit with a dimmed bulb gave the room a subdued glow. As her mouth found his chest with its complement of fine light brown hairs she pressed her large tits with their hard nipples against his sweaty skin. She worked first one then the other of his nipples with her breath, her lips and her tongue. His hands had released her hair and rubbed through her own sweat as he rubbed her shoulders.
She finally found his mouth with hers. She kissed him hard. He'd rapidly improved since that first kiss on the bench and each set of lips danced against the other, tongues probed for advantage and pushed forward in darted attacks and defensive counter thrusts. His hands roamed her back and her ass in clumsy but earnest attempts to caress her.
He really was such a sweet thing.
After a few minutes she crawled fully onto him but easily resisted his attempts to insert his prick that hadn't softened. She loved the young ones, such stamina. It all wasn't necessary on these occasions but it made it so much more enjoyable, not just duty, but pleasure.
She broke the kiss and he grunted but she quickly climbed to straddle his face.
"It's time for you to taste me, Victor," she said hoarsely, "are you ready?"
"Ye... yes," he looked up at her and his voice firmed, "yes, Lydia. I want to taste you."
She smiled down at him and shuffled forward to straddle his head. She guided his hands to her tits.
"Run your tongue the length of my slit, Victor, yes, like that."
She felt her juices flow lightly as he obeyed. His tongue pushed between her lips and he was even bright enough to press to the left as he worked his way from bottom to top and switched sides as he went down to maintain maximum pressure.
"Mmm," she said as she moved her hips and he pushed his tongue as deep into her body as it would reach. Her fingers guided his to pinch her nipples, he resisted in part from his lack of experience but also the kind nature that was his foundation. But her insistence won out and a wave of pleasure ran across her torso as he squeezed her blood-engorged flesh tight.
His actions now self-directed her right hand left his to its task and she fractionally shifted her hips and her hand nudged the back of his head. She felt his breath and tongue shift to the intended target. He grunted as if in surprise.
"Um, lover," she purred, "you've found my clit. Suck it. Suck it hard."
He exhaled through his nose as his lips clamped around her erection, much smaller than his but prominent enough. Her hips pumped ever so slightly and after a moment he read her movements and timed his licking and sucking to match.
This one was so much better than her other recent experience. No more experienced at the start but more attentive, quicker to learn. Pleasure pulsed from three points of focus and were amplified as they merged and crossed. She rocked her hips and listened to his gasps and gulps as he sucked and only broke contact to take fast and desperate breaths before he faithfully returned to his duty. She felt the contractions deep inside her body.
"Harder," her voice was rough and she jerked her hips hard at his face. He reacted by sucking her clit and surrounding flesh into his mouth and his tongue flicked around her erect flesh. His fingers had lessened their pressure so her fingers returned to remind him to pinch. Hard. He did. She shivered.
Her breathing was rough and she felt his stuttering breath through his nose when she allowed him space as she pressed his head between her hand and body.
"Ah, beautiful boy," her voice wasn't a shout but it was sharp, "yes... ahh!"
Her hips jerked hard against his face as her pussy released a stream of liquid that she'd refused release since the last one, that night above the ravines. She'd not allowed herself the common pleasures of her own touch. No, she needed THIS.
She moved back and forth and released his head. He gasped and coughed as repeated contractions covered his face and neck and chest with her sticky cum before she finally stilled and rested on his thin but firm chest. She grinned and bent slightly to look down at him as he blinked goo from his eyes and panted through his mouth.
"Oh... my... god...," he finally managed as he looked up at her with a mixture of lust and pride, "is that..."
"Yes. You just made a woman cum," she said in a breathy voice, "you SHOULD be proud."
He grinned but coughed slightly and blinked as droplets dripped from him onto the sheet. The room was redolent with her aroma and she took a slow and deep breath. Even his male nose couldn't miss this.
"Are you ready?" She looked down at him.
"Re.. ready?"
"Ready to fuck me? To make the passage from the boy that you are to the man you'll become?"
She reached behind herself and his lower body jumped when she grabbed his cock.
"Ready to put this into me? I know mine isn't the cunt you wanted to fuck tonight," she saw the expected shock flash across his face at her use of that word, "but that one will never feel you. Mine wants, NEEDS you."
She released his cock and shifted down his body. She paused when her breasts, large and not as firm as she wished but this lover still eagerly sucked at each nipple as she offered it and gave a bit of succor to the pinched and sore flesh. Then she rose slightly on her knees and reached down her body to grab his cock again. She felt his rapid heartbeat as the hard flesh pulsated. She bent and kissed across his cheeks and face and licked up her own juices before she kissed his mouth and coaxed his tongue to share them with her.
Then her head rose. She locked his eyes on hers as she set the head of his nicely average prick at the entrance.
"Where should this go?" She cocked an eyebrow as she held steady.
"You... you're... va...," he caught and read her flashed expression and his mouth worked for a moment before he replied, "your cunt. I need to fuck your cunt."
"Then do it," she instructed and nudged his bare thighs with her knees. His eyes took a moment before they showed comprehension.
His ass rose quickly off the bed and he shoved his cock into her body. She squeezed it as it entered her and he bumped her slightly clumsily with his body. It didn't touch in all of the places she'd been recently touched but if she'd been forced to pick between that one and this lover her choice would be easy. He lowered his body and misjudged and popped free.
"Ah," he said but she smiled at him and grabbed his cock and set it in place then nodded. He pushed. On the next stroke he did better. After a half dozen strokes she pushed down and he froze, the entirety of his prick buried in her cunt.
"Oof" he said but his heavy-lidded eyes showed his absolute acceptance of whatever she was going to do.
"Together," she said as she rose to free half of his cock, pushed down an inch and raised an eyebrow. He smiled and pushed up. Her lips quirked into a quick smile before she licked her lips. A couple of tentative moves and they found the rhythm so the bulbous head of at the end of his shaft stayed in her body as they fucked each other. Both sets of eyes fluttered as she put her hands on his chest for leverage.
Such a nice cock. So much energy. Neither spoke, they simply allowed the wet sounds from the plentiful juice that each stroke pushed from her pussy when their bodies made full contact as each thrust hit full depth. The bed springs added a metallic but oddly melodic accompaniment as they bounced on the mattress.
She heard his breath go from hard to ragged and she again pushed down hard to pin him to the bed. After a second she opened her eyes to find him staring at her, his mouth open.
"You're close," she said. It wasn't a question but his expression showed his concentration. Then his chin dipped.
"Good, you've been such a good lover. You deserve something special," she pushed down on his chest and her thighs flexed and he almost yelped when she pulled herself free of his penetration. Before he could move she grabbed one of his hands, they'd rubbed her thighs as they'd fucked. She guided it to her dripping slit.
"Cover your fingers with my juices," she ordered and he smiled as she guided them into her well lubricated opening and her voice had deepened, "get deep."
She rotated her body slightly as he fingered her. After a few seconds she grabbed his wrist and guided his fingers out. Then she slid his fingertips along the flesh until she made their destination obvious. His eyebrows popped up and his face was a question.
"Lube me," it was a command, "stick your fingers in. Get me ready."
Her mouth opened to show her pleasure as he obeyed after a moment and his fingers pushed past her sphincter. She guided his wrist and he spread the juices.
"Again," he surprised her by using his other hand to gather juice and pass it along, she purred as he pushed what juice he could into her and after a moment she redirected him, "now, rub more on your cock."
He used both hands as they locked eyes and he refreshed the natural lube on his cock.
"Now," she guided his hands out of the way and pushed herself slightly forward and down onto his body so their faces were only a foot apart, "you're a smart boy. Put yourself into me then I'm going to kiss you while you finish your journey to manhood."
He blinked but nodded. He reached around her hips and followed the curves of her ass cheeks. One hand felt for her rosebud and found it. The other found his cock. She splayed her legs to lower herself fully against him and felt the tip of his cock at her back entrance. He looked at her.
"Aren't you glad that sweet, lovely girl turned you down?" His mouth moved slightly but no words emerged. "C'mon, I need you."
He pushed and both mouths went to broad 'O' shapes and the both grunted. This wasn't something she did often. This was for the special, special boys. She wiggled her ass.
"Harder," she said with a deep growl. He pulled all but that round head out and shoved forward as fast as his thighs could drive him.
"Again!" He pulled back and slammed himself home again.
"FUCK ME," this time she did shout, "HARD! Fuck my ass HARD!"
He grunted and groaned and wrapped his arms around her for leverage as he pumped his ridiculously hard cock in and out of her greedy butt. She saw it in his eyes.
"Good, FILL ME. FUCK ME AND FILL ME WITH YOUR CUM!"
She shoved her head forward and covered his mouth with hers. She worked her body and met him on each stroke to drive him ever harder into her nether entrance.
Her mouth blocked his scream as his whole body shook with the contraction that drove the first load of cum he'd ever delivered into a woman's body at his deepest penetration.
She had so missed this. For so long these feelings, these pleasures, had been unavailable. Someone had to pay for that. No. Not someone. Her daughter. Her daughter needed to be punished for that.
Soon. She'd soon be strong enough.
Offers
"Slow day, Jiang?" The grad student looked up quickly from his notebook at Tracy's question. "Hey, didn't mean to surprise you."
"Oh, Tracy," he smiled up at her, "yes, it's been very slow."
He waved at the variety of not quite two dozen terminals and personal computers spaced on tables along each wall. He sat at one of two tables set in the open space in the center of the room. Only five students sat at terminals, she recognized three from her section, smiled toward two who sat next to each other with their backs to her at the moment.
She liked Jiang, he was a new grad student but he'd done his undergrad work in the States and his English was accented but clear and smoother than many of her past TAs and fellow students since Math was a 'gateway drug' for almost every technical or scientific major at the Uni. That sent many students from around the world who made their way here through the department. Her experience with a few and their 'public school' British English accents had been poor preparation for hers and Asha's trip to England a few years back. She'd found many of those locals to be... not so crisp.
"Ok," she set her backpack on the table, "feel free to run away to freedom."
He laughed but quickly stored his notebook into his own pack then stood.
"See ya, Tracy," he said and walked out of the room.
She sat down and pulled out her own notebook and a clipped together draft of her 'dissertation.' She sighed. The double spacing meant it was much longer than it would be but it allowed her to annotate and edit before she went back to typing. She set out blue and red pens to do some editing when she saw the quick spin out of the side of her eyes. She turned.
She managed to hide her reaction at what she thought was a bright orange flash between her strange student's legs as the girl spun in the chair. Tracy forced her view to the smiling face surrounded by that crazy hair that fell loosely over her shoulders and didn't quite reach her breasts.
Shit, Tracy thought, don't look at those breasts! Whatever the material of the blouse was it was clingy and flowed tightly. And of course the girl had no bra. A jacket was flopped over the back of the chair but it seemed the cold air must've gotten to her nipples anyway. And was this her accommodation to the colder weather? Socks as multi-colored as her hair that reached to the middles of her thighs? And a slightly longer blue skirt with... um... was that orange panties? Or...
"Tracy," Tracy nodded at her name to encourage that strange voice and get her own attention on something hopefully harmless, "can I ask you a couple of questions?"
Tracy gave her a closed mouth smile and made a show of looking around the room before she nodded.
'The administration trusts our faculty, our staff, our graduate students and everyone else associated with the University. But we do need to reiterate that we will be paying closer attention to your behavior.' Good. Math questions. Coding questions. Work.
Polychrome 'walked' her black high top sneakers along the floor to roll her chair. That meant she didn't quite hide the view to... orange. Pumpkin orange... something... between those firm thighs. Pumpkin orange... Tracy forced her gaze to what was... seemed to be a conspiratorial smile? She finally stopped the chair to sit next to Tracy.
"Hi, Pol... Umbra," Tracy wanted to kick herself but the girl just flashed another smile, "questions on the assignment?"
"Oh, no, not that," Umbra's deep voice conveyed amusement before she pointed quickly at Dark Star's back, "we finished that already. When are they gonna get hard?"
It wasn't simply the timbre. Polychrome's accent was... where? So much American but something else too. Brought as a child?
"Oh... kay...," Tracy said slowly, "why are you two in here then? And where's the rest of your posse?"
"Dani's at her new sorority orientation and Javi is with your crazy red headed friend," Umbra said with an attempted lilt that didn't quite work, "and we're doing some research."
"Uh," Tracy's brain tried to process the information and she held up her right hand with an upraised index finger, "uh, wait."
Polychrome should be the girl's name, Tracy thought. She looked at the hair. It had to be dyed. But. She, her mother and her aunt, her mother's sister, all shared dark brown hair. But unlike her mother who'd always welcomed the color and even accepted the encroaching grey hairs her aunt rebelled. Tracy was used to seeing hair that ranged from a nice tawny color through blonde. And grey? Oh hell no! But through it all Tracy had become adept at detecting the dye jobs and the emergence of roots or missing bits. Umbra's eyebrows were a medium brown that matched plenty of strands on her head. But otherwise, there seemed no gap, nothing missed... How much time did she spend on her hair?
She forced her mind back on subject. "Javi's... with... Asha? Why?" She hoped her voice was neutral but the glint in those strange green eyes seemed to belie that.
"He took her to meet with his brothers, they run an auto body repair business. Want to expand so they can build custom cars, he's shown us drawings of an awesome building their cousin's husband designed for them and they've found a lot for it but they need funding. Asha wants to invest money in that side of town."
"That almost makes sense...," Tracy said.
"She'll probably jump him on the way home," Umbra said with a shrug, "I think she likes him."
Tracy decided to let that go. But it was a close decision. "How'd that visit get set up?"
"Dani called her, she invited us down to her office. It happened to be 'no undergarments day.' Fortunately I only had my g-string on under my skirt so it was easy for me to comply after a quick pit stop. 'Course, unlike the others I'd have been fine if we'd shown up on 'no pants' day. That might've been more fun. Will Gerald be at tomorrow night's party?"
Tracy knew her expression showed confusion. This was not the conversation she'd expected. But.
"Gera...," it came to her, "oh... you mean the receptionist she has at that... at CFS, right?"
Umbra's grin made clear it was indeed that... man. Mountain. Mobile marble sculpture.
"She said everyone's invited, but I don't know for sure."
Umbra nodded and had a far away look for a moment. "And she hired us. That's why we're here. I'm looking up some algorithms and he's working on some networking code."
She pointed at Dark Star's back and continued. "A nuke could go off, he wouldn't notice. He's in the zone."
Tracy looked at the one she already knew was her prize student. Well, one of them. "She hired you four? What for?" This was... unusual.
"Yup. Us and Brent, part time. Can't say. Signed NDAs. She'll torture us."
Tracy chuckled at the simple acceptance in the girl's voice. This was all nuts. Change the subject. That seemed a too common desire lately.
"And what's this about Dani? I heard about you guys at Greek Row the other night. I thought you'd never go back?"
"She wasn't going to," Umbra shrugged, "but I talked her into it."
"Uh, why? But the whole spiked drinks thing is a poorly kept secret. They get yelled at by the administration, they swear to do better, couple parties later it's back. I'd've warned you if I'd known you were going."
"Yeah, well, we're here to learn about life, not just calculus. But they really wanted Dani, well everyone except some bitch named Monica, and she'd had a good time until my little stunt with Betty. So I convinced her she should use them even more than they'll use her. Make them introduce her to every alumna and grad... help her build massive contacts. They were happy that she didn't try to bring me along, saved them having to say no."
Both of them chuckled. Tracy looked up when a student walked in, he acknowledged Tracy but pointed at a terminal.
"I'll be here," she said and the new kid nodded and pulled his backpack off and sat down to settle in.
"And I have an ulterior motive for Dani to be a sister," Umbra said in a soft rumble, "there was a girl at the Zeta house, Cindy, pulling her train."
Tracy fought to keep her jaw from hitting the floor. This girl's tone was so matter of fact. Tracy knew what she meant and didn't care what people did but this seemed an odd take.
"Okay," she said slowly, "that's... interesting."
"I accidentally heard about it, but apparently she did twenty-one guys! I'd never heard about trains before. It sounds like a fun challenge."
'But we do need to reiterate that we will be paying closer attention to your behavior.' Tracy wasn't sure she had twenty-one guys in total. She didn't like to keep count given her acquaintance with a certain pirate with red hair who could gather potential suitors and force them to fight to the death were she so inclined. And she was occasionally so inclined.
"Ah, yeah, impressive," Tracy said as Umbra leaned forward and put her elbows on her nice thighs. Tracy really didn't like the view that provided down the girl's blouse. No. That was the problem. She liked it. Lots. Look at the eyes.
"After I got Betty out, I told everyone on the Row that however many Cindy did I'd one day do more. But, if I need at least twenty-two guys, it seems like they'll be really hard to find unless I can sign up a bunch of frat idiots. Dumb as stumps, but I wouldn't care about their brains, wouldn't be seeing any of them after the ride. So I need Dani over there to hook me up when it's time. But I need your help now."
"Um," Tracy said slowly, "this isn't about calculus, is it?"
"Nah," Umbra snorted softly, "Asha says you're good with virgins."
'Would there be a trial,' Tracy thought, 'or would they just throw me out of school?'
"I'm not quite sure how to answer that, Umbra," Tracy said but the girl seemed lost in thought.
"It's involves him," Umbra's voice was soft as she pointed at Dark Star, the young man furiously scribbled on a notepad as his head swiveled between it and the terminal and likely Umbra was right, there was no outside world to him right now, "and Javi and me."
Tracy nodded and glanced around. Two students leaned and spoke softly together and two others typed at keyboards. She looked back at those strange but now earnest green eyes without whites.
"We're all virgins, well, maybe not Javi after this afternoon," Umbra continued and Tracy couldn't quite prevent a quick exhale, "but I want my first time to be with two guys at once."
'Maybe they'll execute me,' Tracy thought, 'bring back the gallows.' It wasn't her brain that told her head to nod to encourage the girl to continue.
"I had two guys picked out over at Greek Row, figured I didn't need smart ones if I was just gonna fuck 'em then fuck 'em off, like my cousin Maggie says to do," Umbra did continue and Tracy's brain was further sidelined by a crotch that was suddenly tingling, "but then I understood what they were doing. I don't get drunk like regular kids, so I was fine. But other girls do and I didn't like the guys for doing that... so I'm back to my first plan. Javi and Dark Star. But I figured it would be good if they had some practice first so they could really give me a good working over, knowing where to put it and getting things going and all that. And make sure they're ok getting close, don't have to touch each other, but they'd, uh, need to get close."
Umbra's eyes glanced downward quickly then back to look at Tracy. Downward to her... crotch. Tracy's brain tried to force itself into the foreground. Was this... happening? Had she slipped and bashed her head on the edge of a table?
"And since Asha says you're so good with virgins," Umbra continued, "I thought maybe you could train them up for a bit then turn 'em loose on me. You're our TA, you said you're here to help us and I hope it would be lots of fun for you too. Unless Asha takes care of them. But she seems too flaky for diligent training. After I practice with them and find a few others I should be ready to break the train record."
Tracy didn't think she'd ever seen an expression as earnest as the one that faced her.
"I know he's a bit chunky now," Umbra's voice quietened, "but we've been working out with my other cousin's husband and he's already dropping some weight."
She nodded at Dark Star. Her earnestness hadn't lessened but affection had been added.
'Firing squad. Drawn and quartered. Burned at the st---.' Tracy's brain was beaten back into its hidey hole with a metaphorical baseball bat. A goddess stilled by a memo had been reawakened. A goddess who took virgin sacrifices as tributes. And virgin sacrifices were being offered. The goddess would have them.
"We'll all be at the party tomorrow night," Umbra continued, "maybe you can get started with them then."
Tracy's response, not that she'd yet come up with one, was blocked by a commotion at the door. She and Umbra both turned. Just inside the door stood Dr. Glacier herself. Behind her was a tall and thin young woman who Tracy took to be another freshman, dark brown hair in a pixie cut. The girl seemed about the same height as Umbra but with less of a figure. Either that or her loose sweater under her jacket and unflattering jeans had been chosen to hide what figure she had, polar opposite of Polychrome and even Dani. Lynch was in a grey business skirt with a matching jacket and a pale blue blouse. Like that first time in the classroom it was professionally stylish but still showed off the woman's impressive figure.
A figure only slightly less curvaceous than Asha's, Tracy suddenly noticed. And well maintained for the possibly twenty years she had on Tracy and the crazy redhead.
"Ah, Ms. Turnbull," Lynch said firmly, "you are indeed here, right where you should be."
Tracy smiled grimly. Were these tables bugged? Would they gun her down in the Triangle? Leave her body for people to spit on?
"Yes, Dr. Lynch," Tracy said, "it's my shift in the coal mine."
A few chortled sounds although when Tracy glanced it seemed Dark Star hadn't done more than given a quick glance and gone back to his work. Umbra smiled but her expression was guileless.
"Ah, Tracy, just Lydia," the woman had a chiding tone, "but if I may, can I have a few minutes of your time?"
Lynch looked quickly at Umbra. "Unless you're busy with your student? Umbra, isn't it?"
Multi-colored hair bounced as the girl nodded and Lynch continued. "I haven't forgotten, I'll get to you and your friends in the next week or two, we'll be doing the round tables all quarter."
Damn, went through Tracy's mind, what had happened with this woman? This was her third year as a grad student, seventh year overall and all that time she'd hardly heard of and never met this Associate Dean in person but she'd been handling student services the whole time!
"Sure, Lydia," Tracy said, "Umbra and I can finish later. Nothing we need to finish right now."
Umbra snorted. "Tomorrow, teach, I'll have 'em ready for you!" Then she pushed her chair backwards and spun it to roll into place in front of her terminal.
Tracy blinked. Lynch nodded quickly and Tracy took a slow breath before she stood up. She was happy she'd never let Asha completely break her habit of wearing a bra. She didn't have much to fill it with but she knew the previous discussion had affected certain body parts. But unlike Umbra they were all well shielded. She followed Lynch and the young woman into the hall.
"Tracy Turnbull," Lynch stood between and to the side of the two younger women, "this is Cherise Cooper."
Tracy offered her right hand and Cherise took it. Tracy wondered at the girl's red-rimmed eyes and seemingly downbeat expression but assumed that would be made clear. She had no memory of ever seeing this student.
"Cherise is a new English and Journalism student," Lynch said, "and she's had a bad weekend and a rather rude shock."
Cherise winced. But that explained why Tracy hadn't seen this girl around. Lynch looked at Tracy with an expression that meant whatever was about to happen wasn't really a request, however it might be phrased.
"I've brought her into enemy territory because she has a journalism assignment to interview a fellow student. I know you went through some rough things a few years ago, Tracy, so I hoped you two talking would be helpful, not only for her assignment but to help her feel better about Victor."
Cherise offered a pained wince that morphed into a sad partial smile that seemed to be part apology but had a kernel of curiosity.
"I haven't told her much about you," Lynch continued, "just a few hints for her to put her questions together. She's not supposed to take more than an hour, has to have her questions ready and not waste time."
"Uh," Tracy felt that word had been the height of her eloquence since she'd arrived in the lab less than an hour ago, "when do you need to do this?"
"Doesn't have to be today," Cherise's voice was shaky, "but Thursday or Friday so I can write it up next week? I have... other things tomorrow."
"Well, okay," Tracy said slowly, "Friday's better for me."
Tracy was happy this sad girl hadn't asked to do it tomorrow, Asha's party had intruded to suck up too much time but she didn't want to say anything about that, especially with Lynch around.
"How about 1:00, Cherise, just after lunch? We could meet downstairs in the cafeteria," Tracy felt that was 'home ground,' she might need that.
After a moment the taller girl nodded. "Okay, I don't have any classes Friday afternoons. And that'll give me time to visit the archives in the Library and prepare."
Tracy had the impression all she'd done since she'd arrived at the lab today was mutter 'um' and try to hide her reactions. What had Lynch told this girl? What COULD she tell her? As part of the administration focused on student wellbeing she'd of course have known all about Jed's 'attack' and there'd been no hint that anyone other than Tracy herself and a set of fraternal twins knew the true story there.
And a man who wouldn't ever be telling his side of the story.
"Now, Cherise, are you set?" It was Lynch's question. The girl nodded and her expression seemed lighter. "Good. While I'm here I'll stop in and see Dr. Hoppensteadt. It's been some time."
Tracy twisted slightly and she and Cherise watched the woman walk toward a set of broad stairs, her heels clicked on the worn linoleum. She did have a nice ass, Tracy thought, before her brain screamed at lower parts of her anatomy. Sigh. Then Tracy turned back and her question slipped out while her brain was preoccupied.
"Victor?" Cherise winced slightly. "Oh, hey, uh..."
"That's ok," Cherise said, "he's my... friend. We went to a movie Saturday but after we... um, had an argument. Do you know that hill and the path by the dorms with the benches?"
"I lived in the dorms three years," Tracy said, "know it too well."
"His roommate was gone but a couple of others on his floor said he took a blanket after our, uh, well, he liked to go for walks at night and sit. They found the blanket, he must've left it and went walking. Got hit by a car, they think a drunk driver. Hit and run. In a coma. I'm going to visit him tomorrow."
'Oh, fuck, fuckity fuckity fuck,' Tracy did manage to not say out loud. She really did need to watch the news or read the campus newspaper or something.
"I'm really sorry to hear," Tracy said, "I didn't mean to bring it up."
"That's okay, I think it helps to talk. And Lydia said you know how to get past things but she wouldn't tell me what, told me it's up to me to find those out, being a journalist so I'll do that. But, she gave me one hint, were you really in England when the terrorists attacked Stonehenge?"
'Great, truly another Jayne fucking Jacobs here,' Tracy thought, well, no. Whatever exactly was under this oversize sweater it wasn't anything close to what was under that bloody annoying reporter's sweater. Now, if SHE came back to town, it WOULD be time for Tracy to disappear.
"Uh," that word again, Tracy nodded into the lab room and hoped one of those too competent students was begging for her help, "yeah, I was. Me and a friend. Do you need anything else, Cherise? I'm on lab hours here,"
"No, thank you, Tracy," Cherise's expression as she spoke was way too reminiscent of Jayne's when that bitch was on a story for Tracy's liking, "I'll see you on Friday."
She offered her hand and Tracy shook it quickly. Then the girl turned and walked in the opposite direction Lynch had gone. It's cold comfort, Tracy thought as she watched, but the slouched posture the girl had arrived with had straightened a bit.
'Great, just mother fuckin' great,' was her next thought. She wasn't sure exactly why, and she knew they moved slowly, but she felt like a glacier was indeed bearing down on her. Lynch was playing at something, but what? Then she noticed one of the students looking at her. It was the newest kid. She put on her game face and walked in. Hopefully he didn't want to interview her or hook her up with virgins. Hopefully it was something easy and solvable like Fermat's Last Theorem.
Last Night of October
"Nice of them to be so thorough with this sign," Umbra said with a puff of vapor in the chilled air, "I think they have it all covered."
"What's a butt plug?" Javi's voice was confused seriousness and he tapped his walking stick on the concrete path and his brown and white hooded robes shook with the movement.
"Guess we'll have to ask our TA," Dark Star said with an amused tone, "according to this she's the expert."


"That's not all this says she's the expert for," Umbra's voice was as light as it seemed possible for it to be, "sounds like she has plenty of other skills beyond just math that could be quite useful."
Dark Star smiled but wondered at his friend's tone. She stood between him and Javi as they listened to the muffled music from inside what was apparently one of the long disused barracks buildings scattered around the grounds of the former military base that was being slowly absorbed into the University proper. This building had so far survived but little about its peeling paint and blacked-out windows offered solid arguments for its preservation.
"It's cold out here," Javi said as his robes shook with a shiver, "c'mon."
He led the trio to the door and pulled it open then used his staff to point inside and bowed slightly. Umbra touched his cheek as she walked past and he exhaled a quick shot of vapor. Dark Star followed and walked into a pair of black, leathery wings that had stopped short.
"Umbra," he muttered as he stepped to the left past a wing and around the motionless demon, a table had been placed on the other side of the entrance so he couldn't move that way. He registered that a crowd of people were spread around a large open space and the sounds of conversation and music were loud but not uncomfortable. He saw Javi reach out and push Umbra forward so he could let the door close behind him. He shifted and finally understood his friend's reaction.
"Three of my five favorite people! Your invitations please," it was the same smooth baritone they'd heard the previous week, the voice was serious but the chiseled face had a broad grin and dark eyes. And he wore a sleeveless toga. His legs were no less impressive than the rest of him. And his upper arms would suffice as thighs for most people.
"I'm not wearing underwear, Gerald," Umbra's voice was deep and rough.
"We know," Javi's voice was firm as he tapped Dark Star's arm, "we saw when you got out of the car you dyed your bush orange."
"Like a pumpkin," Dark Star said and chuckled as he reached into a pocket on his red velvet jacket. He pulled out and handed Javi three of the tickets Tracy had passed out at the class. Their TA had seemed preoccupied during the class yesterday morning but he'd been so engrossed in his terminal he'd not even noticed her later during her lab shift. But Umbra said she'd been there and had still seemed in an odd mood. Well, based on the sign, maybe she had reason to be preoccupied.
"Your left wrists please," Gerald said as he took the tickets from Javi. Umbra's arm sprang out from the shawl wrapped around her upper body and she grinned. He put an orange wristband on her. Javi received his and he pushed Umbra further into the room as he shook his head. Dark Star offered his wrist.
"Coat racks, self serve," Gerald said as he twisted slightly and motioned to a couple of free-standing racks. A variety of coats and jackets were already on hangars.
"Move it, your demoness," Javi said as he and Dark Star nudged Umbra along and she snorted and shuffled in her boots.
"Find me when your shift's over," Umbra said to Gerald as her companions pushed her toward the coat rack as the door behind them opened and a pair of discount vampires tried to enter, "Dani's not attracted to handsome, muscular men in togas. So don't bother waiting for her."
"Are you keeping that coat and scarf on, Dr. Dark Star," Umbra said as she unwrapped the long shawl from her torso to reveal her black blazer, "kind of warm in here."
"We, Obi-Javi and I," Dark Star said as he turned to look at the crowd, "are dedicated to authenticity."
Javi snorted and tapped his walking stick on the floor.
"Well, then, Obi," Umbra said as she shook herself and her black wings flapped, "don't you need a lightsaber?"
He held open the right side of his loose, outer brown robe, and exposed the weapon hooked to his broad waistband of the same color and covered his loose white pullover top and pants. "If I need to pull this out, la cagada will be hitting the fan."
The trio looked around the room. The DJ had a table just off center at the far end, next to that was the bar setup, an open door behind that table seemed to lead into some sort of kitchen facility. In each corner was a large, portable heater with a flared blower that rose and faced toward the center of the space. Flanking the music and bar setup were doors to what were marked as toilet facilities. Along each side wall were sofas that appeared clean if worn and the midpoint of each side wall were sets of double doors with prominent 'EXIT' signs above them. A few people sat on the sofas.
"This place isn't much smaller than the gym at my high school," Dark Star said before he motioned to far side to their left, "and that couple appears to already be well beyond thinking about 'public sex acts,' did they follow the rule?"
"Maybe they asked Tracy," Javi's accent thickened, "but she told them to go ahead."
"C'mon," Umbra said, "let's see if they're serving spiked punch."
Her companions snorted but they followed her. Both boys traded glances and smiles as more than one set of eyes widened as attendees caught sight of Umbra's tits when they were regularly exposed when her unbuttoned blazer flapped open as she dodged dancers and led the little group past knots of costumed revellers. With her heeled boots, Umbra matched Dark Star for height but the shorter Javi had to regularly dodge getting a black wing in the face as their pathfinder twisted and turned.
But they were equally entranced by the fact that there was more to Umbra's barely-there costume than those of many other attendees. Dark Star shifted slightly as he fought the urge to look down at his crotch to see whether or not everyone else would know how entranced he was. Javi's eyes darted in all directions as he seemed no less affected.
They offered greetings to a handful of equally wide-eyed Calculus classmates but most attendees weren't familiar and seemed either older students like Tracy or possibly past that, maybe other employees or clients of Asha's company. They'd seen Sherrilyn from CFS and the boys smiled at the fact her costume exposed her only from the waist up and showed less than her 'work' dress had. But they'd not yet seen Asha or Tracy or that Penelope. No doubt here somewhere, Dark Star thought, as he mused on what their costumes might be.
And every dream he'd had in his life about a Halloween party full of 'sexy' costumes seemed to be coming to fruition in this ragged old military building. Not that he was sure about... next steps. Just like this insanely sexy but odd creature he and Javi were with, this... ingenue was the word that came to him although he only had the dictionary definition of it. Both he and Javi felt... something for her but neither knew exactly what. They'd both found in most cases just being friends with girls easier than anything... further. And it wasn't like she and Dani weren't both friends back to them. Even Brent wasn't a complete ass to them.
"Hey," he turned his attention to Umbra's voice as they made it to the bar table, the music wasn't extra loud and seemed designed in such a way that it was slightly muted in their current location, "are you like the frats with the spiked punch?"
The bartender was a slender man with close-cropped dark hair that had grey flecks through it. He had a white shirt with black slacks and matching suspenders and a bow tie. A second man and a woman in identical clothes filled out his team.
"Ah, my sweet young devil," he said brightly, "for you and your companions I've naught but the finest ginger ale."
Umbra snorted and Dark Star chuckled. "I don't like ginger ale," Javi said.
"How about ..." The bartender held up a classically-shaped green bottle full of dark liquid. Javi smiled and nodded. "Three?"
"Jeez," Umbra muttered, "I come all the way from hell and I get soda!"
"Get a blue wristband," the bartender said as he held two bottles in one hand and deftly popped the lids and poured the contents into plastic cups, before he repeated the process but with a single bottle, "but rules are rules! You did see the sign about torture? I worked a Halloween party years back in an abandoned church for a biker gang and this crew scares me more! And that church exploded and burned down and we had to run for our lives."
The trio offered snorted breaths and Javi managed a slow 'aahh' and nodded. Then Umbra nudged Dark Star who reached into an inner pocket on his velvet coat. The bartender held up a hand.
"Ah, included in your ticket, but...," the bartender pointed to a cup. It was labelled 'Tips.' It had a few dollar bills in it. Dark Star nodded and pulled the same out and stuffed it in. The bartender's smile seemed to indicate that'd been sufficient. Each of them took a cup.
"This way," Umbra led them to the left to pass the DJ's table, "let's see if we can find Asha or Tracy."
"Or maybe another Gerald," Javi said as he pushed a wing away from his face. She snorted. They commiserated with another Calculus classmate Martin and a friend he introduced as Henry, both with their orange wristbands and who'd not expected a level of organization to make sneaking alcohol a difficult task! The pair matched in checkered pajama pants and slippers, with Martin's red and David's grey smoking jackets offering broad lapels covered in faux-satin black fabric. Both carried empty, unlit pipes and the sodas that were apparently all they'd get.
"But look at what you get to see," Umbra said and waved her arm, "but wait a couple of parties, then get invited to the frats and ask for the punch 'on the left.'"
Dark Star guessed they hadn't heard about the fracas on Greek Row when their expressions morphed from barely-hidden drooling at Umbra's shirtless chest as her blazer flashed open with her movement and her tiny skirt that occasionally allowed glimpses of orange flashes to hearing her Delphic utterance that was the straw that overwhelmed their thought processes. Javi nudged the trio to leave the befuddled pair behind. But the campus newspaper hadn't had a single word about it either. Umbra hadn't been shy telling her friends that she'd broken some frat dude's nose but apparently neither he nor anyone else involved had gone to the administration. Probably not a surprise.
"I see red hair," Dark Star said, "a very certain red color."
They pushed into something of an open space and saw Asha from behind, her long hair in that odd shade of red fell loosely around her shoulders and down her back. But the first person to notice them was Penelope who stood to Asha's left. She turned her head and broke into a huge smile. She wore a tight and gauzy long-sleeved white blouse under an indigo sleeveless vest in some antique cut that was cut low enough that it simply propped her large breasts up to allow clear views of them through the sheer blouse. She had a long black ruffled skirt that flowed to the middles of her calves to show high-heeled boots.
"Ah, there they are! You, dear girl," Penelope said in a clear voice that carried over the music and stilled the conversations in an expanding wave, "you MUST wear that the next time you come to the office. Including that lovely tail and those horns."
"Just like this?" Umbra grabbed her jacket and flashed it open and twirled her hips to send the yard long red tail with its triangular tip swinging as Penelope laughed and nodded and other onlookers offered appreciative whoops. Asha did a hard one-eighty that caused the long slits in her skirt to flare to expose her bare legs and ran high enough that both Dr. Dark Star and Obi-Javi grunted at the sight of her shaven crotch.
And what looked like a scabbard and knife strapped to the outside of her right thigh.
Her jacket was the same color and in a similarly-antique cut like Penelope's vest but was unbuttoned. Her movement caused it to also flare to expose the open cup black bustier that held up and exposed probably the only set of tits at the party larger than Penelope's. Both women had cavalier hats that matched the one in the CFS logo, the feather in Penelope's was blue and Asha's was a red that matched her hair.
Asha smiled quickly at both of the boys but then her gaze locked on Umbra. Dark Star had stepped to stand alongside his friend and he noticed a smile he couldn't quite read on her face.
"Oh for fuck's sake," Asha said although her expression didn't quite match the words, "no fucking way you're wearing THAT if you're working for me!"
"No, I think that's perfect work wear," Penelope said, "I might even decree that we have a 'demon day' for everyone."
"Do that and I'll murder you all, you," Asha looked at the older woman then back at Umbra and pointed at the younger woman before she tapped on the outside of skirt against the scabbard on her right thigh, "and you. I'll slit all your throats in your sleep. CFS is pirates. And pirates do not truck with those of the devil persuasion, especially ones with black hair."
"It's black and red, Asha," Penelope said, "not quite as colorful as usual."
Umbra glanced at Dark Star and smirked quickly while Penelope's laughter was clear and loud. He was confused, there seemed to be something going on but he couldn't quite get a grip on it. Javi walked behind the demon with her polychrome hair covered by a wig that was longer and had blood red strips mixed in with its midnight black color and stood next to him.
"Hey Doc, her demoness copied this costume from Devil Girl in those videos, she preferred the blazer to the bustier against my suggestion," Javi said in a soft voice, "but yonder redhead seems... I can't tell. Is she really pissed off about it or is this some sort of act?"
"Yeah, but she said she already has the blazer and couldn't find a bustier she liked. But if either of us could understand much of anything about girls," Dark Star said in the same soft tone, "we'd likely be much better off. No, there's something going on. We know Asha and Devil Girl know each other but the scuttlebutt's always been they aren't the best of friends. But maybe more than that. And Umbra copied the look."
Javi let out an exhaled laugh. Umbra stood ramrod straight with her hands on her hips, not as curvy as Asha's but complimentary to her frame. Asha's eyes were tight but she displayed her more voluptuous figure with her stance.
"Maybe it's lightsaber time, Doc?" Javi's voice was light but with an undertone of nerves.
"It makes noises, like my screwdriver, I give you that, Obi-Javi," Dark Star said, "but yon scabbard likely contains real steel based on the stories."
The pair both chuckled. Then Javi made a humming sound as the stare-down between the pirate and the demon continued. Penelope had a smirk on her face but she stepped slightly forward and joined Umbra in a hands-on-hips stance.
"Shit, Doc dude," Javi said softly, "I just realized. You know who that Penelope looks like? Your mo---."
"Don't say it," Dark Star said in a soft but forceful voice, "do... not... say... it."
"Okay, I agree. Not the tits. Well, maybe not, could confirm if she'd show them like that to me next time I visi---," Javi's sentence turned to laughter when his taller friend made a growling sound and turned to mostly face him.
"C'mon, Pirate Queen, you getting old? Cranky 'cuz it's already past your bedtime?" Umbra's voice was an odd timbre that caused both Javi and Dark Star to snap to look at her and they weren't alone. It was even more basso than usual, but a feminine basso that seemed a contradiction of biology.
"A virgin elf from hell talking about bedtimes," Asha's voice was thick with threat or promise, "is pretty brave."
A few snorts from onlookers on Asha's second word didn't seem to affect Umbra.
"Brave yes," the demonic voice continued, "and fresh. Not... used."
"Shit," Dark Star said softly as Penelope put her hand on Asha's shoulder and laughed, "look. Dude next to the Pirate Queen. Big white wig and fake moustache."
"She is indeed... fresh and ripe," Penelope offered her own syrupy contribution. Asha growled.
"Wha? You mean Einst...," Javi's response trailed off, "that's our calc prof. Jarlson. Isn't it?"
"Yeah, guess he's Jarlstein tonight," the taller one snorted, "no idea if he recognizes us but no way he doesn't remember her demoness."
"He with Asha? How?"
"Kinda looks like it. She's Tracy's friend. Through her?"
Asha's reply to her boss was overridden when the side door was pulled open and a gust of cold air intruded and Tracy led a taller guy into the room. Heads snapped around at the interruption.
"Fuck, it's COLD out there," Tracy rubbed at her arms, bare from mid-biceps down, "hey, Asha! The food's here!"
Asha and Umbra continued to hold their gazes. "Later, hellspawn," the redhead purred, "we'll settle it like civilized pirates. After the feast."
Umbra let out a loud "hah!"
Asha turned and reached out and took the arm of the man next to her. A last look from him confirmed it was indeed Professor Jarlson as he offered the trio of friends a nod before he turned. Penelope smirked at Asha and walked in the opposite direction.
"She so looks like your mom... uh, hey, dude," Javi said and stopped on his own, then turned his head, "is that Zee from the class with Tracy? In the soldier... costume?"
"Uh, yeah," Dark Star said, "it's him."
"Is Tracy even wearing a costume?" Javi asked. Their petite TA was in jeans, a short sleeved green, blue and brown plaid shirt with a sleeveless vest the same color as her jeans over it. Unlike Penelope's vest, Tracy's mostly covered her small bust but still, somehow, showed off the nice shape even if not clearly exposed.
"Oh... yeah...," Dark Star's voice was slow and distant, "that IS a costume."
"She'll be fine," Penelope said and put her hands out and took Umbra's left hand and Javi's right and glanced at Dark Star, "she loves you guys. Just not a big fan of demons."
Dark Star's eyes flitted to Penelope but returned to Tracy just as the TA turned and looked past Asha and Jarlstein as they approached her and saw him. She froze. Her hair was unusually parted in the middle so it fell evenly on both sides of her face instead of hanging over her left eye and cheek as usual. Her eyes widened slightly. Then she smiled broadly. Dark Star smiled back. He unusually had his contacts in which meant reading wasn't easy but it better fit his costume. Tracy's lopsided face was clearer with her hair changed but that was immaterial.
"But, c'mon, give us a hand getting the food in and you can go to the head of the line."
She turned and began to lead them.
"What's Tracy's costume?" Javi said as he and Dark Star followed Penelope and Umbra as the two women held hands and spoke softly.
"She's my Companion," Dark Star said as Tracy finally nodded with a last broad smile at him just before Asha blocked the view. Javi sniffed but exhaled slowly as his gaze was drawn to the two asses just in front of him.
"Nice," the robed knight said softly.
Dark Star offered a hum when Umbra shook her hips. Had she heard? But both asses were nice. Even if one did remind him of his mo... STOP! His brain screamed but Javi gave him a quick smirk. Had the scream not been so silent? He shifted so he could see Tracy instead as she and Asha spoke.
Tracy turned to look at Dark Star as Penelope led the younger trio to stand behind Asha and Jarlson. Penelope let out a closed-mouth cough and Asha half-spun and glared at her and the demoness.
"Hello, Sarah Jane," Dark Star said as he reached into his jacket and pulled a silvery cylinder from it, "any locks need opening?"
Tracy grinned broadly before she laughed and put her hand on a red velvet jacketed arm.
"I might have one for you, Doctor," Tracy said.
"Forget locks," Asha growled, "I brought you these slaves. We going to let the food freeze out there?"
"I obey," Tracy and Dark Star said in unison in mechanical voices before they both broke into laughter.
"Great," Asha said, "my friend acted in Shakespeare in high school, how she's fallen in her choice of roles! Now I've got you two and a bloody demon to ex-ter-min-ate! Now, get the food!"
"C'mon," Tracy held his arm and led her Doctor, "or Davros will be angrier."
"Hey, Zee," Dark Star said as he brought his right hand to his forehead. Javi reached and pulled it down.
"He's a staff sergeant, he works for a living," Javi said before he turned to Zee, "you don't salute sergeants. No disrespect intended."
"None taken, Javi," Zee said, "or, um..."
"He's Obi-Javi, Sarge," Umbra said, "I'm---."
"She's of no concern," Asha said, "move it you lame asses!"
Tracy held Dark Star by the arm and led the crew toward the doors. Just before they got there he pulled his long scarf off and quickly wrapped it around his shorter companion. She laughed and leaned into him.
"Hey, Zee," Javi said just behind the lead pair, the taller student turned, "that's not a costume, right? That YOUR uniform? You made staff sergeant?"
"Yeah, Obi-Javi," Zee said as he glanced at Tracy with an odd look then back at Javi with an appraising look, "it's mine. My going away present, I think. I think it was to convince me to re-up after my degree. How do you know?"
"Shit, it's cold out here," Javi said as Tracy began to give directions, "oldest brother, and some cousins served. One made master sergeant. Rest, like my brother, as they say 'just made it out' as quickly as they could."
Zee laughed but spoke softly. "It's not a life for everyone." Javi nodded hard.
Tracy directed them to get behind each of the tall hot storage carts that a truck had lowered using a lift gate. A half dozen white-suited caterers exited from a van that had been idling, apparently to keep the heater running and followed the carts into the building.
"Where's the Pirate Queen?" Umbra said.
"She doesn't get her hands dirty," Tracy snorted, "now, push!"
The convoy was greeted by applause as Asha did join to lead the parade.
"Make room," Asha shouted and she led them to a set of tables in an 'L' shape in the center of the big room. They arranged the carts based on numbered tags and the catering crew set to work.
Penelope shooed people back to let the 'slave' crew be first for the food and laughed at Asha's contention that "devil chicks go to the back of the line." Penelope pointed out a couple of other 'devil chicks' in the crowd whose costumes were similar to if slightly more modest than Umbra's barely there model and asked if them too. Asha's reply was pre-empted when Umbra whooped then yelled toward the front door.
"Remember, Gerald," Umbra's voice carried, "ignore what she says. She's NOT impressed by your magnificent body!"
An upraised middle finger on a right hand was met by Umbra's laughter.
"She's the princess of lies," Dani said almost as loudly as she offered her left wrist to get an orange band, "I'm VERY impressed."
Behind her Brent squinted as Dani's gaze clearly worked its way down the chiseled body on the other side of the table. He nudged Dani forward and received his wristband before they walked around the table as Dani's head swiveled to stay on Gerald. Their coats off, her policewoman's badge glinted on her dark blue service uniform and she led Brent in his black-and-white striped classic prisoner uniform.
"Come join your friends," Penelope said, "you guys eat first!"
"Have fun at the sorority, officer? Where'd you arrest this criminal?" Javi asked Dani as Brent snorted.
They'd taken possession of a large sofa when the previous occupants had decamped to join the scrum for food. Tracy sat on an arm and had encouraged her Doctor to stand next to her and Umbra had sat but had stuck Obi-Javi between her and Tracy. Dani sat the other side of the demon and Brent stood alongside her while Zee stood nearest Tracy's side but had a continued expression of confusion.
"This party looks like it's a lot more fun," Dani said, "the other one was..."
"Stuffy," Brent added, "not quite what was implied back when I joined. Apparently... a certain 'pain in the ass bitch with weird hair' has them a bit paranoid about things."
Umbra snorted loudly.
"But they'll get over it," Tracy added, "they always do."
"Oh, hey, Sarah Jane," Dark Star said to Tracy's smile, "how are you guys paying for this? This building? The food? Bar? I mean, 'adults' get real drinks. Can't be cheap."
Zee reached for his beer on the small table they'd placed to hold drinks and tipped it to them before he took a long sip.
"Nothing to do with me," Tracy said as she pointed to Penelope and Asha who both hovered around the serving tables, "it's all through their weird-ass company. They've got clients here and they're writing it all off somehow. Enter-tain-ment, some sort of accounting magic."
"Ahem, hey, Brent," he turned at the sultry voice behind him. It was Sherrilyn, her djinn costume wrapped around her waist and was a translucent metallic blue. In between her torso was bare except for her nipples dyed the same color as what little clothing she had on. Her dark hair had blue-black ribbons wound through it and her eyes were outlined by the same color. She carried a plate of food and some sort of cocktail.
"Couple of my friends aren't here yet," she said in a husky voice, "I'm a bit lonely. Keep me company? Maybe I can grant a wish or two..."
Brent's eyes widened. His mouth opened and closed a couple of times but he didn't speak. He looked at Dani then at Sherrilyn then back and forth a second time.
"Go, Brent, I'm sure it counts as work-release," Dani said, "right, Sherrilyn?"
"Oh, yes," the djinn said and winked, "I'll put him to work."
She gave a smile and turned and began walking. Brent glanced at Dani before he turned as well and followed her before she urged him to walk alongside.
"Wild," Javi said as everyone quit watching and looked at him, "but, I have an IMPORTANT question for Tracy."
"Mmm?" she offered as she savored something from her plate.
"What's a butt plug? The sign says you're the expert."
Tracy quit chewing and blinked. Then she swallowed quickly.
"Uh, what?" Tracy offered while Zee and Umbra stifled laughs and Dani's face had a confused look.
"Yeah," Javi nodded with an earnest expression, "the sign out there says you have lots of them. And we're supposed to invite you for any public sex acts. And virgins. It says you're the expert on them too. But what're buttplugs?"
Tracy's face froze, her mouth open, Zee's expression shared some of her confusion.
"Just a minute," she quickly slipped her plate to Dark Star and stood up and walked quickly to the front door and pushed it open. It had only just closed before it flew open again and Tracy stood there for a moment, her eyes flashed with what could only be described as anger and surprise. She scanned the building until she seemed to find what, or who, she wanted. She set off in another speed walk for the far side of the space. Tracy pushed past costumed folks and found Asha and Jarlstein on a sofa surrounded by the semi-circular crowd.
"That's not the sign I put up," Tracy's loud voice verged on a squeak, "who the hell!"
Zee looked at Tracy and then at his classmates and mouthed a 'wha.' He put his cup and plate on the little table and followed Tracy's previous track, albeit at a slower pace.
"But you ARE the expert on buttplugs and virgins," Asha's voice was clear and amused.
"Aarrgghhh," Tracy yelled, "YOU'RE the buttplug expert! I have... hardly any."
A wave of laughter flowed through a large chunk of the costumed attendees although some of those not in masks offered the same confused expression Zee had. The sergeant had stopped just inside the entrance, his head shook and he had an amused expression.
"But you admit you have them," Asha said before she quickly handed Jarlstein her plate and stood up and turned around and flashed her skirt up to expose her ass, "you bought me this one!"
Tracy's jaw dropped open. Lights glinted quickly from something between Asha's shapely and round ass cheeks before she dropped her skirt and turned quickly.
"THAT'S a butt plug, Obi-Javi," Umbra said, his jaw hung open, "you stick it up your ass, has a little base on it. Wear it around."
"Wh... wh... why the hell would you do that?" He looked at the demon then back where Tracy and Asha stared at each other as a wave of laughter rolled across the room.
"Don't knock it 'till you've tried it, it touches boys in an interesting place," Umbra said as her horned head tilted, "I'm sure Tracy can give you an address where you can get one to try."
"Oh, yeah, knock it," Dani snorted, "there's better things to buy!"
"Why's Asha wearing one? Does it touch her?"
"I bet she has plans for Jarlstein later," Umbra purred, all three of her friends looked at her than across the room where the red headed pirate had thrown her arm around the white haired man and sat on his lap, "she uses the butt plug to... get ready."
"She wouldn't do...," Dani said but her voice trailed off as the couple across the room kissed to a cheer. Dark Star and Javi grunted.
"Now, Tracy," Asha said after her kiss, "I showed mine. Show us yours."
Tracy glared. Then a man with the head of a werewolf and a brown faux-fur jockstrap and boots and nothing else shouted "show us!" Then a few more revellers picked up the chant.
"Show us! Show us! Show us!"
Tracy threw her arms up with another "aarrgghh!" Dark Star's scarf was still around her neck and reached almost to the floor and flared as she spun in a half-circle.
"Oh, fuck all of you," she yelled as she used her toes and quickly pushed off her shoes before she grabbed her jeans and quickly worked the snap and zipper and stood with her hands at the front, "you assholes really want this?"
"Show us! Yeah!" The crowd shouted in unison.
"Is she really going to...," Dani's statement turned to a gasp when Tracy shoved her jeans and her underwear to her ankles in a swift motion, "yeah, I guess she is!"
Tracy quickly stepped out of her clothes then held the scarf and bent over and spun.
"Happy, sick fuckers?" She shouted. The crowd whooped and cheered.
"She does have one," Umbra said, "and she has such a cute little ass."
Javi and Dark Star were wide-eyed. Her pubic hair was almost black and trimmed into a triangle as she spun in her socks. Then she let the scarf fall and used both hands to offer middle fingers to Asha and the crowd, who cheered with renewed gusto. Then she left her jeans and panties behind and strode rapidly back to the sofa where she walked straight up to Dark Star and wrapped her arms and the scarf around his neck and went on tiptoe and slammed her mouth against his. A new cheer rose and the DJ kicked the music's volume up two or three notches. Dark Star blinked and his face worked as he tried to adjust to the kiss as his tongue tried to mount a last-ditch defense.
Tracy broke the kiss to another cheer then took the plate out of Dark Star's hand and dumped it on the table where it shook cups before she grabbed his hand and used it and the scarf and pulled him in front of the sofa. Javi and Dani simply stared. Umbra grinned.
"You, Obi-Javi," Tracy pointed at him, "don't move."
"You, virgins," Tracy pointed at the demon and the cop, "move it. Lesson time."
Umbra laughed and stood quickly. Dani had apparently been shocked into immobility and Umbra grabbed her hand and pulled her up. Tracy spun Dark Star and pushed him onto the sofa then sat hard between the two guys as she tossed the scarf onto the sofa beyond Dark Star. She threw her arm around Javi and pulled his head and repeated the kiss with him. She reached back and pulled Dark Star's hand to the top of her vest. She broke the kiss and said hoarsely.
"You know computers. Know how to undo buttons? Get to work. Demon."
Umbra tilted her head and let out a resonant hum.
"Take care of his plate, better things for his hands to do," Tracy pointed to Javi then growled at Dark Star, "buttons, Doctor. K9's not here to help out and your screwdriver only unlocks, doesn't unbutton."
Umbra bent and took the plate from Javi's lap as Tracy pulled his head forward and kissed him again. Dark Star looked at Umbra and she pointed at Tracy's vest and shirt. She set the plate down and mimed undoing buttons and mouthed 'do it.' Her strange eyes glittered, whether it was excitement or something else wasn't clear. Dark Star exhaled hard.
He undid the topmost button. Tracy made a soft sound without breaking the kiss. Then she nudged the boys and flipped each thigh over the closest boy's thigh. She separated her mouth an inch and Javi's eyes fluttered open.
"Faster," she said with a quick head turn before she restored her mouth to its task. As soon as her vest was open she grunted and Dark Star set quickly to work on the blouse. Tracy worked her arm under red velvet and grabbed Javi's hand that hovered near her bare, right thigh. She guided the hand to tentative pressure against flesh. After a moment she guided it to the top of her thigh before she threaded her fingers with his and guided them through dark and closely-cropped pubic hair.
*****
The scream resounded in Brent Singleton's head.
And nowhere else.
A possible cause of that was Sherrilyn French's tongue's diligent effort to live up to her surname. It had pushed deeply into Brent's mouth and forced his tongue into a struggle that the younger appendage seemed destined to lose. It wasn't untrained in the appropriate martial arts but its experience wasn't sufficient to take the battle to its opponent's territory.
Not that losing in this case was all that terrible a prospect.
No.
The scream was because of Sherrilyn's hand.
Brent had been surprised at the level of flesh fully exposed or obscured only by sheer cloth when he and Dani had entered. Fortunately her attention had been locked on Gerald and she hadn't noticed his shock. Or was that fortunate?
He'd been confused about that. But he'd've been embarrassed had she noticed him goggling at the view. And his prick that had been out of control since they'd arrived. He'd restored the facade he'd developed in high school, that of a young man much more experienced than was the truth, and even Penelope and Asha hadn't quite been able to shake it.
Umbra's skirt wasn't much shorter than what she wore to class! And while her lack of a shirt under her blazer offered a clearer view of her tits than was usually allowed, she'd worn enough semi-transparent clothes that he could handle that. Besides, even with her hair covered by a wig that was almost, but only almost, normal, her ears and eyes were just... too weird, even with a wig that gave her almost normal hair. And Dani's comments at how boring the costumes on Greek Row were in comparison to her roomie's had further prepared him for the sight.
He'd held it together when Sherrilyn had first approached them. Dani's easy acquiescence to him leaving with the older woman had been the first crack in his armor. But was her reaction surprising? He'd had the fleeting thought, other than Greek events he'd not had the guts to actually ask her out. What did she even think? The topless Sherrilyn's friendliness and sultry voice and her posture tight alongside him as she'd led him away from his friends to the edges of the crowd on the 'dance' floor had further softened that armor.
But the blowjob had stripped his will. He had a fuzzy memory that his companion had somehow willed another couple to give up their seat. But his eyes had been locked on the next piece of furniture further along. A blonde head pistoned up and down as loose hair bounced around a pair of furry orange and black cat's ears that stuck up from it. The man rubbed a back that was mottled oranges and blacks and a tail in those same colors wound about her ass and thighs, his shirtless chest heaved and his eyes were closed with his neck craned over the rear edge of the cushion. The cat suddenly pulled her mouth clear from the rigid cock held at the base by her hand and smiled at Brent. Like her back her cheeks were orange and black with the addition of whiskers. She'd locked his eyes with crazily blue eyes as she'd stuck out her tongue and swirled it around the cock's bulbous head and with a final broad smile held his eyes until she'd pushed her mouth over the first half of the cock.
Sherrilyn had guided him to sit down and joined him. He recalled eating but nothing about what it had been, how it had tasted or anything else. Only that the djinn had squeezed closer to him. He'd unconsciously shuffled away. But only a single time. There had been chants and cheers and the music had grown in volume and the lights had dimmed. But that was in some other universe entirely.
He was on his back and she was mostly on top of him but the pressure of her hand on his tumescent prick had lessened. He'd been momentarily disappointed but it had allowed his brain the room to organise the counterattack. It directed his tongue to rally. It's opponent had tasted of gin and lime and an aftertaste of them remained.
His tongue's forceful attack was about to penetrate enemy territory when the battlefield shifted radically. She pulled him to a sitting position but didn't release his mouth but their tongues maintained only the barest contact. And he discovered why her hand had been missing.
Her's wasn't the first woman's hand to touch the rigid flesh of his cock. But unlike the others she'd efficiently cleared the path to that cock by undoing his belt, snap and zipper without him noticing. Somehow.
She broke the kiss. He opened his eyes and they found a pair of sparkling grey eyes that were perfectly complemented by her azure makeup.
Her eyes guided his down and he watched her left hand shift the gauzy layers of her costume and she caught her tongue between her teeth for an instant while her hand clearly rubbed between her own legs. Then her hand reappeared and flashed to grab the hard shaft that jutted from his crotch. His mouth popped open and he exhaled hard.
It was true that this was the third hand not his own to attend to his erection with intent. But this hand was the first that knew its business. The fingers and palm were covered with a warm and slick liquid. It took him a moment to understand what it was. Her smile acknowledged his recognition of that as she stroked him.
Then her head swiveled slightly.
The cat stood in front of the sofa. Like her back and face her chest and crotch and legs were bare but for the orange and black designs that coruscated across her flesh and furry boots the same colors that reached halfway up her calves. Brent's mind barely functioned but it insisted the cat's tits were perfect matches in size and shape for Dani's. But he'd not yet seen Dani's. How?
"This one is mine. But. Strip him for me," the djinn said, "and you can have what is left when I've finished. He has great... energy."
The cat made a sound halfway between a 'meow' and a roar before she bent slightly and grabbed his pants and briefs and roughly jerked them to his ankles. She quickly pushed his shoes off and stripped him with a flourish and dropped the black and white clothes to the floor. Then she shifted forward and quickly put her mouth around the head of his cock and gave it a quick suck. He tried to jump but Sherrilyn held him down. The mouth moved away and his shirt was quickly unbuttoned before the cat stripped it from his body and pushed her mouth onto his.
There was a taste of something that Brent couldn't identify on the cat's tongue. But as soon as it was there the mouth and tongue were gone. Glittering grey and blue eyes crackled with meaning that Brent couldn't read as Sherrilyn's hand worked the full length of his shaft and its head with deliberate pace a few times.
"There are many," the djinn said to the cat, "avail yourself of them. Until it's time."
The cat bent quickly and kissed Brent hard and fast and then her sound was changed. This one carried acceptance but something Brent again couldn't fully read. But it was a tone that if he'd heard it on the football field he'd've grown eyes in the back of his helmet. Despite that, the cat smiled and melted into the nearby crowd as her long tail swung from a waistband that was all but invisible. Eyes found and followed the cat but few gave the couple on the sofa more than a glance.
Sherrilyn pressed the back of his head with her right hand.
"Suck," she said softly and twisted her torso to make obvious what she wanted sucked. These would not be the first tits he'd sucked, but he'd never before seen blue nipples. Very erect blue nipples. He bent as he finally managed to employ his right hand to cup a shapely left breast.
He wasn't sure if he was surprised that she tasted like blueberries. He sucked the nipple further into his mouth and she rubbed the back of his neck and wanked his cock. Her tits weren't the size of the sets on her crazy bosses but they were impressive. And firm. She used light pressure to coax him from one nipple to the other. Her hand disappeared from his cock a couple of times before it reappeared, freshly warm and slick. Then she pulled him up and those grey eyes were wickedly bright, seemingly lit by their own glow in the dim room. She leaned forward and kissed him quickly and deeply before she put her mouth to his ear.
"You're going to cum," her voice was husky and sure, "do you want it in my mouth or my pussy?"
She pulled back. Her eyes danced and glittered. He'd heard her clearly despite the music and the dancing and the cheers.
"I... I'm... not," he stammered, "going to..."
"Yes," she said and he jumped as her hand grabbed and squeezed his flesh, "you will. I'm going to make you. Then make you again. Until you're nothing but a husk. Then I'll give you to the cat."
She squeezed harder. He was certain the room had darkened even more and his companion was outlined in a blue glow. She leaned to his ear again and pressed her right breast against his bare chest.
"Djinn grant wishes, but they're your wishes," she whispered and her grip went a notch tighter and met the border between pleasure and pain, "and I won't let you come until you tell me. I'm clean and safe. And you're so clean you sparkle."
His breath was choppy and his vision was nothing but blues. Dark blue. Darker blue. Blue that edged into black. Her lips and then her teeth found his neck. Light nibbles followed light kisses and moved to his ear. His left hand was useless, his right held firm flesh that fit it almost perfectly but managed little more.
"Now, say 'I wish I could shoot cum into my djinn's...," the voice was like syrup poured into his ear but her grip was like a vise. She nibbled and kissed but moved her ear near his mouth.
"In... in your pu---," his voice was strained and the last word turned into a yelp as she forcefully shoved him onto his back. He bounced on the cushions as he saw gauzy blue fabric fly as she seemed to defy gravity. Her thighs came down either side of his hips and her body paused for an instant above him. He wondered if the expression on her face was a doomed creature's last view?
The extreme pressure on his cock disappeared. An instant later his breath shot out with a loud grunt as the sofa bounced and his cock felt something it had only ever imagined.
The wet heat of a woman's body. Two hands landed on his chest as the combined weight of her thrust bottomed out the cushions. Only then did he notice the intricate tracery of blue lines on the backs of her hands and fingers. Hot pressure almost disappeared from his cock. But not quite. He grunted again when she forced his entire prick again into her body.
The sofa squeaked and groaned almost as loudly as Brent did each time she hit bottom.
She rose, slower this time, as her pussy flexed and grabbed at his prick. He moaned and she let out a syllable that was laugh and joy and pleasure combined.
"You like that? What a woman can do? Not those girls you hang around with," her voice was again syrup, but distant. She pushed down slowly this time before she rocked back and forth. He forced every bit of will he had and reached up and grabbed her tits. She grinned at him.
She used her hands and pressed against her chest as her body rose and fell. Liquid hit his thighs and flowed freely as she fucked him.
As she fucked him.
He was fucking a girl. No. A woman. An unfamiliar aroma surrounded them. Sounds of flesh hitting flesh and the splash of liquid. And pressure.
"Give it to me, Brent, give me your cum," Sherrilyn's voice had deepened, thickened. She pumped him and her electric grey eyes demanded. Her pussy squeezed and grabbed and pumped his rampant erection.
It was going to explode. Not cum. The head was going to simply pop like a balloon. He knew.
"Aarr.... aahhhh...," his hips jerked and both hands wrapped tightly around tits as the djinn's body again swallowed the entirety of his prick.
It exploded. The spasm ripped through its entire length. He'd never, ever, felt the equal.
"Yes, lover, that's what I want," she rose quickly and pushed down again. A second spasm ripped through him and he shot a second stream of his offering into the body on top of him. She rocked back and forth and he arched his neck to push his head deeper into the cushion and his eyes closed before she rose and dropped to pull forth a third ridiculous stream from him. This time hot liquids were pushed from her body at his full penetration.
And suddenly there was a mouth on his. A tongue that thrust itself deep, deeper than he thought possible. His eyes flashed open.
Red hair. Red, not brown and blue. His cock convulsed as it let go another load into its prison. The mouth on his pulled. It pulled his breath. His eyes fluttered and closed and his body went limp, his arms fell and his hands landed on Sherrilyn's thighs
His cock convulsed as the body on him forced three more shots although the last one was barely a tremor before his lover pushed herself down and stopped. The mouth left his. His brain was fogged. Deep, thick fog. Despite that his brain knew muscles rippled against his flesh that intruded into another's body. His eyes were closed and his mouth was open and he took rapid, rough breaths.
He'd barely registered that his cock had been released from its prison and hadn't yet opened his eyes when his face was covered. A pungent aroma that blocked the return of rational thought overwhelmed him and his mouth had no choice but to adapt to the gooey flesh that suddenly covered it.
"Clean me, lick me," the voice may as well have been god and he sucked in the liquids on offer, "make me cum. Then you will fill my mouth. Then you will be the cat's."
It was as if every brain cell not dedicated to pure sexual pleasure had been sucked out by that kiss. He thrust his tongue as deep into the slit as he could. A cascade of unfamiliar tastes washed over his tongue.
*****
The goddess had risen. The goddess had control. What the goddess wanted, the goddess would take.
The goddess wanted virgins. Sacrifices.
They'd been offered to her. That it had been by a demon made no difference.
Tracy had trafficked with demons before. They could be dangerous. Capricious. They demanded pleasure.
She'd always delivered.
She felt the hesitancy. The shaking of the body on each side of her. She savoured it. Drank it. Let it shield her and nourish her.
The fingers she guided through her pubic hair quivered. But they obeyed and followed. Her clit was hard, desperate, this was its first contact not her own or her toys since... she dismissed that thought as the fingers took to their lesson. They were tentative but they followed her lead. She hummed lightly into the mouth that she kissed as she guided them into her slit and now lubed, to rub against her hard nub. Then back to slide inside and hook back against the top. They developed a rhythm.
The demon had good reason for her choices of offerings. This one was smart and learned quickly.
She felt the last stay that held her blouse opened. She broke the kiss. Looked at the dark face with its blinking eyes. She spun her head to see a round face. But it had been rounder that first day in class five weeks earlier. Whatever they were doing with this cousin or whoever, it was working. She turned back and spoke in a voice she hoped conveyed lust and seduction.
"That feels good. Don't stop," she said and turned again, "but. Both of you. Lean and suck."
She shivered and pulled her arms up and put them behind each of her targets and pushed them as her blouse and vest were pulled open. Her tits were small, smaller by far than Asha's but smaller even than what these two virgin bitches had, but were perfectly round. And her nipples were huge and insistent on attention.
"Suck," Tracy said and pushed at two heads when the damned demon watching them made a deep hummed chuckle. Then she glared at her friends and they shifted. Obi-Javi leaned and shifted and found the right tit while Dark Star took the left.
"Multi-task, boy," Tracy said to the attendant on her right, "don't let those fingers slow down."
She grunted and twisted to alternately push each nipple harder into a mouth as she pressed on the backs of heads. She occasionally flexed her gluteal muscles to remind the fingers to keep at their task. She used soft sounds as he found the right spots. He was obviously inexperienced at the task but he was gentle, but not too gentle. After a few moments she looked hard at her audience of two, at the same time that very strange Penelope arrived behind the two young women. Dani jumped when an arm went around her shoulders and both she and Umbra looked at the woman's broad smile. She'd not removed any of her clothes and still had her hat on. Tracy wasn't quite sure what the woman had in each of her hands.
"Oh, didn't mean to surprise anyone," she said with a chuckle, "but, Dani, would you be a dear and go collect Tracy's clothes? Wouldn't want her to have to walk home naked."
Tracy snorted but held the heads in place at her chest. "Don't stop," she said in a low but firm voice.
"Oh, ah... yeah," Dani said and she turned and Penelope and Umbra and Tracy watched her cute butt as she walked. The bulk of the dancing and gyrating crowd was closer to the DJ and bar tables but that didn't mean that she wasn't approached a few times by both men and women. Once she'd collected the clothes and shoes and turned her mouth dropped open.
A woman in a Little Bo Peep costume with a shepherd's crook led a man by his erect cock. The man was naked but for a sheep's head costume. Or was that his head? Dani blinked as the woman apparently spoke to her before her face worked through a range of emotions. Then she shrugged and bent over.
"I wonder if she did that to Brent already tonight," Umbra said slowly as her roommate sucked half of the hard cock into her mouth. Then she slowly released it and stood up and licked her lips and said something to the woman and they both smiled. Bo Peep darted forward and kissed Dani on the mouth before she quickly grabbed her sheep's prick and led him off. Dani stood open-mouthed and watched for a moment before she walked quickly back to the sofa. Penelope and Umbra greeted her with soft 'whoops' and Umbra offered a quick round of applause.
"I can't believe I just did that...," Dani said as she set Tracy's shoes on the floor next to the sofa and quickly folded the jeans and stacked them and the panties on top, "she asked me if I thought he tasted good."
"Well," Penelope said, "did he?"
"Uh, um, yeah, I guess."
"But you didn't really get the good stuff," Umbra's voice was thick, "that takes a bit more work."
Dani snorted. "Like you'd know." Umbra laughed.
"Now, girls," Penelope's voice conveyed amusement, "night's young yet! Now, Umbra, I think Tracy might make use of these."
She handed a small, plastic squeeze bottle and a bag of wipes to the demon. Umbra nodded and accepted them.
"And you," Penelope turned to Dani, "I think this would be better..."
She reached forward and quickly undid all but one button on Dani's short-sleeved uniform blouse. The policewoman's mouth dropped open and she looked down, then at the pirate's face. Dani's white demi-bra contrasted heavily with her skin but also highlighted nicely rounded flesh.
"You have some awesome tits, Dani, let's get them some air, eh?" Penelope grabbed Dani by the shoulders and spun her before she somehow squeezed blue cloth and unsnapped the bra then spun the faux-officer to face her friends. The bra sagged but still hid her nipples. Dani looked down then at the grinning faces of Tracy and Umbra. Penelope purred as she admired the view.
"You know what to do, sweet thing," the pirate's voice was a syrupy instruction. Dani looked around then a shiver ran up her body and she bit her lower lip. She reached under blue cloth and worked the bra straps over her shoulders and unwound them from her arms. Once that was done Penelope reached forward and took it. Dani scrunched her shoulders for an instant before she exhaled a long, slow breath and relaxed.
"Stand straight," it was Umbra's turn to purr an instruction, "they're awesome."
"You can collect this later," Penelope tossed the bra so it hung over the far end of the sofa before she reached and adjusted the blouse so erect flesh was nicely framed and visible with a gradation of deepening darkness from breast to areola to nipples.
"Shall we go find a few law breaking hunks to arrest, eh?" Dani looked at Umbra at Penelope's question. The demon nodded hard and hugged her friend, who hugged back. The pirate took Dani's hand and led her toward the writhing mass of bodies in and out of their incredibly varied costumes.
"Put those close, demon child," Tracy's voice was her best bossy TA, "I have a task for you."
Umbra's legs quickly went to just beyond shoulder width and she bent at the waist to set the items on the floor next to Dark Star's feet. Tracy smiled at the sight of a few distant onlookers who grinned and whooped at the sight of the tall young woman's shapely bare ass and the likely flash of pumpkin orange bush between her thighs. The demonic grin made clear she knew what was going on behind her.
"Strip them," Tracy's voice stayed in command mode, "strip the Doctor and Obi-Javi from the waist down. That's what I need access to."
It was Umbra's turn to whoop and she quickly dropped to her knees alongside Dark Star. Tracy's arms flexed as she held both heads against her tits.
"Suck, gentlemen, but tits won't be the only things sucked, soon."
Umbra quickly removed a pair of black shoes then quickly set to work on tan and plaid tweed. She nudged a right hand away that tried to interfere as she got her fingers under the waistband.
"Lift your ass," she said. She pulled slightly on his clothes and after a moment he obeyed. She whooped as his cock sprang free as she pulled his tweed pants and briefs in one fast motion.
Tracy immediately pulled his head up and away from her breast and pulled her arm from behind him. Her hand found the base of a cock that was nicely sized but seemed shy. She held it and quickly pushed her mouth over it and sucked half of it in. Umbra exhaled hard as she worked the clothes past his feet. Dark Star grunted and panted as Tracy's head moved slowly up and down and his cock lost its shyness.
The goddess knew hers was the first mouth to taste this cock. She knew that she could quickly make it give her its 'good stuff.' But she didn't want it this way. Yet.
Out of the corner of her eye she saw the demon shuffle on her knees to prepare her second offering. She would be the first to taste that one in a moment. She'd never had two such as these in such close succession.
The cock in her mouth had grown to a very impressive size. And a very impressive stiffness. It was steel. It pulsated with the rapid heartbeat of its owner. From this angle she had no hope of swallowing it whole, even at an optimal approach that would be a delicious challenge. Another time.
At the moment the succubus, for she was that, jerked the cloth free on the boy on Tracy's other side and she rose and twisted at her hips. The owner of this cock was smaller, as was this cock. But not in an equal ratio. She was pleased. She'd not swallow this one whole either from this angle. She'd learned tricks, maybe she'd get to them. But that wasn't a priority.
She tasted a second drop of pre-cum. Different. Both boys were sweet but not overly so. She'd tasted worse. Her left hand reached back and stroked the first cock, slick with her saliva as her mouth moved slowly up and down on the second, her cheeks and tongue flexed at it.
She heard the demon's hum, from a throat that shouldn't be. But it was. Tracy knew what the hellspawn wanted. It was something Tracy had only dreamed of. She'd had a single cock and with her buttplugs or her toys had learned why Asha so loved her 'double-entry bookkeeping.'
But she'd never had two real cocks. So close. She pulled her mouth from the cock and its owner groaned. No reason to rush. The music had been kicked up another notch, the lights dimmed by one, the sinuous mass of bodies had tightened and more clothing had been shed.
"Move down," she said to her Doctor, he had a confused look but shuffled slightly and she swiveled her hips and laid her left leg behind him and onto the back of the sofa and her right across the bare thighs of her taller lover-to-be and looked at his dark eyes, "now, eat."
His tongue flicked out across his lips.
"You, hell-beast," Umbra's weird eyes glittered at the appellation, her tongue that Tracy only now noticed had a tip a bit squarer than most held between her lips, but why not, "tell him what to do. Just remember whose pussy is getting eaten right now."
The hell-beast quickly moved and nudged her friend's face into place. She put her mouth next to his ear and her right hand reached out and grabbed his cock. He jumped. Tracy couldn't hear more than a murmur but she twitched when his mouth locked itself over her slit and his tongue entered her. She let out a long 'aahh' before she pushed her mouth back onto the cock and caressed the dark skin of the thin but firm thigh. After a moment a hand rubbed tentatively across her back before it firmed.
"Strip me," she said before she put the cock back in her mouth. He understood and worked her shirt and vest until she could slide it off of her arms and he piled them onto the arm of the sofa before he returned to rub her back as it became sweaty with her exertion and lust and what seemed to have been someone kicking a thermostat up a notch with the pounding beat.
Her sucking was economical. She wanted him primed but not spent, although she had little fear he'd be able to mount a repeat. But she was finding it harder to concentrate, the two virgins who worked at her crotch somehow knew much more than she'd expected. She looked. Only her Doctor touched her, with tongue and fingers, how much was his skill and how much flowed from the instructions from that infernal daughter of darkness with her mouth at his ear? Tracy didn't know but didn't much care.
She made her decision. She twisted and bent to partially sit up. Both of her lovers grunted at her sudden movement. She caught green eyes and Umbra read her and backed up and knelt slightly away from the sofa. She swung her legs and stood up quickly, clad only in her socks. She smiled at a memory as she felt the hard floor under her feet.
"You, Obi," she said firmly, "stand up."
He blinked but obeyed, his hard cock quivered and he swayed twice but firmed.
"You, Doctor, on your back, head down there," confusion flashed across his face before comprehension, he nodded and assumed the position.
"And you, hell-beast," Umbra grinned up at her, it was an odd moment to look down on this odd beauty but Tracy savored the moment, "get that lube."
Black and dark red hair shook around red horns as she obeyed and collected the plastic bottle Penelope had left behind.
"I'm getting on top of this one," Tracy said with as much huskiness as she could muster as she swung her left leg and straddled over the prone Doctor and grabbed his erection with her right hand and used her left to balance herself, "we're barebackin' and anyone doesn't like that can fuck on out of here."
Two male grunts and a quick, deep laugh indicated agreement. She lowered herself and rubbed the tip of the cock along her damp slit. A final adjustment and he groaned as she pushed herself down until three-quarters of it was inserted.
"Oh, goddamn," she said, "if anyone finds out about this I'm toast, but I have SO wanted these in me!"
She wiggled her hips and pushed further until her crotch met his. He grunted then moaned with a slow exhale. Holy shit, she was full. And, she still had to get... but she was dedicated to her craft. It would happen.
"There's another opening available," Tracy said as she lifted slightly and shook her hips as she looked at Umbra's face full of lust and Obi-Javi's shocked expression, "get him in place and lube 'im up, then get him in there."
Umbra laughed and stood quickly and nudged Javi. He looked up at her then at Tracy. The demon grabbed his shoulders and guided him. It took a moment but Umbra guided him to kneel and guided his cock to the petite goddess's rear entrance. His eyes were wide as he looked at the round silver base that protected that entrance.
"Grab it, Obi-Javi," Umbra's voice was a rumbled demand, "and pull it out slowly."
His hand shook slightly but he obeyed. Tracy moaned and twitched her hips as the bulb emerged and her puckered opening quivered for a moment. The demon took the toy and quickly set it on the little table.
"Good job, now, fuckin' hell, demon, get him greased and fill it back up!" Umbra laughed and squeezed a glob of lube onto her hand and Javi jumped slightly as she stroked his cock.
"See, Obi-Javi? THIS is why girls wear butt plugs! Bit cold, it'll warm up quickly," she said as she grabbed Javi's hand and put a squirt and guided him to insert two into Tracy's ass and transfer the lube.
Tracy tried to stay still but she squeezed the cock with her pelvic muscles. She looked up and he arched his neck and she kissed him and shook her hips again when she felt the gooey head of a second cock.
She was going to do this. On a sofa, in a big, crumbling building on a former military base surrounded by a mass of naked and near-naked people. She broke the kiss as she heard but couldn't register the words from that weird voice that shouldn't exist. Then, finally.
She held still as she felt flesh intrude into her. She'd been a fan of being penetrated via that hole since that first night. Asha's revelation and subsequent gifting of a buttplug had triggered in her something she'd not even known existed. Then that night when she and Dixie had been taken in every hole had been for her the final proof, but that had been only the single real cock, something she'd enjoyed on subsequent occasions. Not enough of them, but some. But this. She closed her eyes and opened her mouth and moaned.
"All... the way...," she panted out and Umbra grunted at Obi-Javi and he pushed. She'd never been so filled. She pulled forward slightly and the sofa moved and her anal intruder adjusted his position. She exhaled slowly through her still open mouth as her thin channels of flesh were pressed and rubbed together by the pair of fleshy missiles forced into her body.
"You... two are... smart," she forced her eyes open and looked down then glanced back, "now, slowly, move... both of you... work it out."
They both tried to push but Tracy grunted. Her Doctor went still and Obi-Javi pushed, then as he backed up the young man under her flexed his thighs and the feeling as the protruding heads of the cocks grabbed for an instant as they passed in their separate tunnels and threatened to split her flesh was exquisite.
How that demon elf had gotten the idea THIS should be how her first fuck should go... and how she'd gotten Tracy to train these two for that day... the petite woman didn't know. But, the goddess didn't care. She was taking her virgin sacrifices. The two guys that fucked her were inexperienced. But they were smart. They'd found a rhythm. She joined and moved. She felt a cool burst as someone slathered on another coating of lube to allow the cock fucking her ass to move a bit freer. Yes, smart indeed.
Tracy opened her eyes, saw her Doctor's eyes as slits, his expression of concentration and lust and effort was priceless. She turned. Javi's eyes were wider but his concentration was no less intense. Leave it to these two to treat this assignment from their TA as seriously as they had every programming assignment. But the feeling of utter fullness, of every nerve that could be touched being touched... she'd have it no other way. The first small orgasm of what she hoped would be dozens caused her body to shake before she rejoined the rhythmic fucking. She heard a guttural moan and opened her eyes and turned her head.
Those insanely green, clouded eyes were slits, clearly open enough to take in the scene. The demon's leathery wings shook as her left hand was under her blazer and pulled hard at a very erect right nipple while her right hand reached under that barely-there skirt and rubbed. Tracy smiled. She'd make these boys fill her, then she'd switch their places and make them do her again.
Would this winged creature want to consummate her dream tonight? You never knew with cocks and she'd had some single-shot wonders, but Tracy felt these two would fulfill as many assignments tonight as they'd be given. She'd pull their gooey juices but that wouldn't be their endings. She shivered as another small climax rippled from her crotch.
Then a commotion at the front entrance caught her eye. A fleeting memory of a man in uniform being there passed but that wasn't the sight. Two people, a man and a woman, had just entered. They wore incredibly realistic costumes... shit. The man on the near side was in an ornate silken blue coat with silver threads woven through, breeches of the same material that ran to just below his knees where they met white socks, his feet in black shoes with brass buckles. The woman was in a white, floor-length gown woven through with red and pink, it was low enough to push up and reveal practically to her nipples on her large bust. Most of her face was covered by a pink mask. Both wore white wigs every bit as over the top as their clothes.
They were King Louis and Marie Antoinette, Tracy knew. Umbra offered a hum and her hands slowed their rubbing but stayed in place and she turned, her head tilted a bit before she turned back. Tracy sniffed, she doubted most people would recognise the new couple even as they admired the quality of the costumes. She shook her body and was about to order the boys to get back to their rhythm when the man turned slightly toward her as the new arrivals scanned the room.
"Umbra," Tracy hissed softly but with feeling, the demon's gaze tilted down and her eyes widened slightly, "GET YOUR CUNT ON MY FACE!"
Umbra's mouth opened as she meant to speak and both of her lovers went still.
"Dammit, on my face. Hide me!" Tracy said and Umbra mouthed 'OK' and shuffled forward. She put a knee on the sofa and Tracy shifted her and her Doctor slightly. The cunt with its hood of dyed pumpkin orange bush was wet and aromatic and Tracy twisted her neck and ran her tongue along the slit and the girl shivered. But she'd achieved her goal, there wasn't much skirt but it was laid over her head. She kissed lips that had already been moistened by the demon's own actions before she quickly sucked on an impressively large and hard clit.
"Oh, wow," Dark Star said, Tracy glanced at his wide eyes as he had a perfect view of a tasty, dripping, eighteen year old cunt between shapely widely-spaced thighs. The TA knew her Doctor had already had glimpses, as had she and half the students and staff on campus, but never so clear, so open.
"The math department chair just walked in the door," Tracy said loud enough for her trio to hear, "Obi-Javi, pull up your hood. Umbra, good choice wearing that wig tonight."
The young man grunted but obeyed and laughed. Umbra jerked her hips forward and exhaled as Tracy nipped at the clit as soon as it was in range.
"Ok, now, you two are going to get back to fucking me front and back, hard! And I'm going to eat this tasty, tasty cunt while you do. And we're going to hide as much as we can from the man who can kick me out of school in a minute!"
"Hey, Jarlstein, I mean, Jarlson is here, your boss and our professor," her Doctor said, "he knows."
"Asha's fucking his brains out since Saturday, he'll do whatever she tells him to do," Tracy said, "I don't know about Hoppensteadt. And I don't know that woman with him but she's not his wife and there's something about her I don't like. Now, FUCK ME!"
She grunted hard when both cocks slammed fully into her body. She had most of the pile she'd fantasized about that first day in class. She had a fleeting wonder about what Dani was getting up to, but knew that Penelope would at the least make sure that girl had plenty of opportunities if she wanted one. Or more. And then the goddess took over fully.
"Yeah, like THAT!" She turned and Umbra pushed her crotch forward and let out her own moan as Tracy's mouth found her clit. Her other lovers took a couple of strokes and refound their rhythm. They'd all need to cum soon, then decisions would need to be made.
Interviews
Tracy slid the mug with its dregs of cold coffee aside and put her forehead on her arms which she crossed and set on the table in the cafeteria basement's rococo seating area. She'd been lucky to get a table under the windows but it was in the back corner, good because no one could sit on one side of her but bad because it offered only a single direction of egress. A subtle sense of paranoia had never left her after that crazy year of beatings and kidnappings and invisible death cooties. And her intended business with both of the visitors she expected during what would be her extended repose here today didn't help. She was happy to be out of the math building but the cafeteria didn't quite offer its usual warm embrace.
The second visitor was definitely a worry. The first was usually not so problematic, but, today? Fortunately for her mood, being Friday the lunch time crowd wasn't as thick as it was earlier in the week.
A throat clearing sound above her caused her to lift her head and look.
"You look like shit, country mouse," Asha said with a sing-song cadence, her face clear and her eyes bright, "it's been two days since the party. And if I remember, you got very, very thoroughly fucked every which way there is to get thoroughly fucked in every hole you have. Oh, wait. I've got it all recorded!"
Asha's voice wasn't loud but Tracy swore that a chick's head from a couple of tables away darted in their direction before a shocked smirk. Then she very obviously looked back at her notebook and sucked on the straw in her soda.
Tracy wore her graduate student uniform of loose but not baggy long-sleeved tee and jeans. Asha's already tight and low-cut tee was pulled tighter against her insane chest by the strap of her book bag, her coat carried over her right forearm, her jeans also skin tight to show off curves that on any other day Tracy would simply drink in with her eyes. Tracy detected movement and glared quickly at the young woman a couple of tables away and the head snapped back to her notebook.
"Sit down, Asha," Tracy's voice was rough and soft, she hoped it didn't carry too far but she couldn't quite control it. Asha snorted and gave her a questioning look but she lifted her book bag over her head and set it and her coat on a chair and sat down across from her petite friend.
"What have you done? Read this!" Tracy flipped the campus newspaper in a one-eighty and pushed it across to the redhead.
"Ah, I like the Classifieds cartoons," Asha said, "rest is usually crap."
"Here," Tracy put her finger on a fourteen point headline over the usual ten point font.
Asha sniffed but looked down. After a moment she looked at Tracy and shrugged her shoulders and spoke.
"And?" Tracy tried to read the face, it offered something unusual. Confusion. Tracy knew what this... creature... was truly capable of but she also thought she knew that Asha wouldn't do... what she seemed to have done. Tracy reached and pulled the paper back and flipped it.
"Martin Amis and David 'Henry' Lawrence," Tracy read in a soft but gruff voice, "were found by campus security wandering dazed on the grounds of Fort Dougie about 4 a.m. Thursday morning. Both wore only pajama bottoms and lounging jackets and were suffering from exposure but neither was responsive beyond simply following where they were led. Both are currently in the University Medical Center for observation. Friends said they planned to attend a Halloween party on the Fort's grounds. Any other attendees who may have seen the students at or leaving the party or saw them afterward are asked to contact Campus Security."
There were two small pictures at the bottom of the article.
"Our party? Kinda familiar... but...," Asha's expression was still confused as she looked down at the upside-down pictures then back up. Tracy tried to read through it. She'd seen her friend angry but didn't detect that. Anger might be good. Was this worse?
"Martin," Tracy tapped the picture on her right, "is one of my students. Didn't show yesterday, Polychrome said they saw these two at the party. Now, lots of us were, oh, worse for the wear. Brent looked like he'd run three marathons..."
"I DID see Brent," Asha said and Tracy stopped, "more than SAW him... but..."
Tracy's eyes narrowed.
"I was careful, just took a slice, like I always do," Asha said quietly, "when Sherrilyn was fucking him. I... sampled a few others, too. But not these two. I'm not the reason Brent was a basket case."
"Huh?" That surprised Tracy.
"The Cat," Asha shrugged, "Sherrilyn fucked him and made him eat his cum out of her pussy then gave him a blow job then she gave him to her friend the Cat who took him home and gave him some drug that kept his prick hard all night and made him fuck her over and over. I think she also used a strap-on on him, at least Sherrilyn said that's her favorite thing. Brent was quite happy about it all, eating his own cum and getting pegged, at least so far as the tale was related. But, he's a big, tough jock, well, pretends to be. Likely confused as fuck about what he just discovered about his sexuality and hoping no one finds out. And, his ass was probably a bit sore. The Cat's apparently crazier than even Devil Girl but not as dangerous as that hellspawn, at least from what Sherrilyn says."
Tracy's mouth fell open and she did a series of stuttering exhales. But it fit. Dani had told Tracy she'd seen Brent dropped off by a woman with blonde hair and cat's ears and her face made up in orange and black just before class! They'd kissed as he'd left the catwoman's car. Dani hadn't sounded miffed, but she'd sounded...disappointed?
"He'll be foggy a couple of days," Asha continued, "they always are. But he'll be fine. I know what I'm doing. And I didn't touch your quartet, I need their brains unclouded although if you keep fucking them night and day that might get in the way of what I want them for a bit. And, you got their three cherries ahead of me anyway. Dani was too shy to go through with fucking, although we made sure she got plenty of practice kissing and she did let a guy finger her until she blew and she licked and jacked off some cocks without getting to the good part although Penelope did one then made Dani kiss her and taste it. She wants Gerald to pop her but well, he's gay. Very gay. She... was a bit put out hearing that. I think she wants to try and turn him."
Tracy growled in her throat but didn't know quite what to say. Dani had intimated enough this made sense when Tracy had spoken quickly to her before yesterday's class. She and her posse all had fatigue bags under their eyes, but so did Tracy. But they'd all been solicitous of Tracy's feelings and made clear they hoped for a repeat. She'd made a date for Saturday night... with all of them. Was she insane?
But it was Zee. His expression hit her like a brick when he slouched into the room. He'd been courteous, but nothing more. She'd managed to convince him to meet her at the Pie this evening at 6:30. Well, hopefully he'd show. Sigh. The goddess told her that she'd performed a higher duty that had been necessary. But that didn't mean she didn't feel bad. But not so bad she'd avoided the prospect of more time with her quartet.
She sighed, shook her head, returned to the here and now. She pulled a couple of photocopied pages from their spot between her backpack and the back of her bench and put them side by side so Asha could read them.
"Two more," Tracy said, "this Victor dude, hit by a car, but before that he was doing the same as Martin and David and a witness said just wandering in a daze, walked right into the street. And this Greg who crashed his car down a ravine behind the Medical center. They're all... like, you know, their brains have been eaten. What the fuck have you been doing?"
Tracy knew she'd suddenly been a bit too loud as the head a couple of tables away swivelled quickly and again became too intent on the notebook. Asha glared at her friend.
"What do you mean, what have I been doing?" The very quiet voice had a menace in it that Tracy had heard. But not from this red headed accountant. No, before today. It had been in the grassy field that surrounded Stonehenge... a different redhead. One in a green dress with little red flowers around unstoppable curves and in fuck-me heels, all utterly inappropriate for a grassy field full of trippy hazards, not that she'd been or needed to walk. Another redhead with a subconscious habit of pushing large tits out...
"Jed," Tracy's voice was barely above a whisper, "and Candy and Brigitte, or whatever that German bitch terrorist's name was."
"You think... you think I've been doing these guys?" The menace hadn't left Asha's voice. Tracy had known fear at times in her life, in a deep way that most people were lucky enough to never truly know, and she felt it again. But...
"They're all... they all... virgins. All of them it seems. This one," she jabbed Greg's picture, "was older but he's one of these idiot returned missionaries. Probably one."
"Gimme that," Asha pulled the newspaper and flipped it, "ok, I thought it... but yeah, I'm pretty sure I saw these two at the party. But I never touched them. With Brent and a few random ones I'm full up. Don't need to do any full on. And I very definitely haven't ever seen these two."
She jabbed the two pictures Tracy had photocopied from campus newspapers she pulled from the Library's archive.
The two young women's eyes locked. Tracy saw those gold eyes flash. A vision that it seemed no one other than her was still mobile and sentient after seeing. Well, and Asha's brother. Somehow. But then the redhead sighed.
"I... don't know what's going on," Asha said, "but I just organized a crazy ass Halloween party. I'm not running around eating brains. I... don't... do... that... I'm not my..."
She stopped. Her head pulled up and she stared through the large window above and behind Tracy.
"You're not your mom? There. I said it," Tracy finished the sentence.
Asha let out a series of stuttering breaths and nodded softly. Then Asha looked again at a photocopied article. She tapped Victor's picture.
"WHEN did this happen?" It was a Socratic tone from Asha. Tracy bunched her forehead.
"This past Saturday, early Sunday. Why?"
"Maybe you've forgotten, while you were off visiting with dinosaur bones all weekend, but from 7:30 p.m. on Saturday, I was with one Herr Doctor Professor," Asha pitched her voice louder as her eyes darted to her left, "and after a nice dinner I had his very impressive and VERY energetic cock rammed up my cunt and my ass and in my mouth almost non-stop until... oh, about 6 a.m. Monday morning. You know who the Herr Doctor Professor is, unless you've forgotten who your boss is."
Tracy glanced sideways, the woman's lips were clamped hard around her straw. Her gaze pretended to be on her notebook but it was obvious she wasn't seeing it. Or much of anything. Asha's voice quieted.
"His cock really is quite impressive, and he knows how to use it," Asha purred, "it looked like you had lots of fun at the party with your rookies... but... Anyway, if you want, I'm sure he'll vouch for my whereabouts in the wee, and there's nothing wee about his cock, hours of Sunday morning."
"Yeah... shit," was all Tracy could manage. Asha had kicked her volume up for the quick phrase about a not wee cock.
"But, okay," Asha said softly as she looked at the pictures and tilted her head slightly. After a moment Tracy spoke.
"What?"
"The last person I saw these two with was... your girlfriend."
"My girlfriend? Huh?"
"Lynch. Dean Lynch, or whatever her name is."
"Huh? What? LYNCH was THERE?" Tracy turned and glared at the woman at the other table, who smiled shyly and nodded and looked down. Tracy's voice turned to a low hiss. "The FUCK?"
"She was with Hoppensteadt," Asha said and Tracy's shocked expression achieved an even more extreme level, "Marie Antionette. She had a mask on but when my Herr Doctor Professor saw his boss had shown up he just about had a heart attack. My new fuck toy told me he knew it was that Lynch bitch with him but he had no idea why. I mean, Hoppensteadt is married but not to Lynch... I hooked Hoppensteadt up with a young chick with big tits who's an investment client of mine. She can't keep her legs together, told Carl if his boss hassles him well, ask Hoppensteadt why he'd shown up with one slut and left with a different one, neither of them his wife. But you and Carl tell me this Lynch has nothing but ice between her legs. If so I think it's melted."
"What do you mean?"
"Those two," Asha pointed at Martin and David, "last I saw them she had them either side of her and had worked those impressive tits out of that gown, had them suckling like babies. That was actually one of the milder sex acts going on so I didn't think much on it before."
Tracy bent and put her forehead on her re-crossed arms and sighed. Asha stayed silent as Tracy looked up.
"And now they're brain dead," Tracy said. She looked at the clock on the far wall. She really needed to get in the habit of wearing her watch. "And in twenty minutes I'm supposed to talk to some cub reporter about 'how I recovered from bad things that happened to me.' And..."
Tracy's eyes went unfocused but Asha didn't seem to notice. "Ah, you told me about her. The newest Jayne Jacobs!"
"Except no tits on this one," Tracy laughed mordantly, "but it's because of this Lynch. What the hell? Dr. Glacier getting her tits out in public? Hanging out with a middle-aged married dude? Fucking students? Hell, SHE'S the one who sent the memo out warning us--."
"To not do what you did over and over at the party," Asha said brightly, "hey, it's good. Means no one will enforce that memo."
"It's crazy," Tracy said and tapped Greg's picture, "this one's fiance works in Lynch's office! I mean... memo 'don't diddle the students' and she's in that office."
Tracy took a breath.
"And this Cherise," Tracy said and paused until Asha looked at her, Tracy tapped the photo of the Victor kid, "this was her friend, the one hit by the car. And, somehow, Lynch knew about them and knew to set up her interviewing ME. And---."
Asha raised an eyebrow as a question.
"Lynch told her I was in England during the Stonehenge attack."
"It's not like that was a secret," Asha said, "plenty of people knew."
"About us in England, but only a few, Devil Girl, Leather Boy, Dave," Tracy noticed the flash across Asha's face at this mention of Dave but let it go, "know, knew, about Stonehenge. THAT we kept quiet and they did too and somehow we kept it from that Jayne bitch. But the way Lynch and this Cherise said it made it sound like she knew that part! It makes sense she knew about Jed because that happened on campus, but I don't know exactly WHAT she knows. That's actually why I agreed to meet her pet reporter."
Another raised eyebrow from Asha.
"I saw how Lynch and this Cherise behaved," Tracy said, "they... know each other. Anyway, you should fuck off outta here."
"Nope," Asha said, "she may as well interview both of us. ESPECIALLY if she thinks she knows about Stonehenge. I prefer feeding reporters bull crap. Don't let them get too... off the leash. And, she can't catch us contradicting each other. Even if you tell me what you told her... gaps creep in."
Tracy started to object but sighed and nodded. She gathered the photocopies and the newspaper and stuffed them into her backpack. Asha stood up and her eyes glanced left then she spoke in a voice that carried.
"I'll get us sodas, I have rum in my bag. We'll get properly prepped."
Then she walked but when she got to the second table away she quickly turned and leaned at the waist and put her elbows on the woman's table. Their neighbor yelped and sat straight and her eyes bounced between the expanse of rounded cleavage and piercing golden eyes.
"Give me your number, sweet thing, since you like to watch," Asha purred, "I'll invite you over next time my boytoy's doing me. You'll learn how a real woman fucks, looks like you need the lesson. You won't be touching."
The woman's head bobbled then she turned and looked at Tracy, who shrugged and gave a crooked smile. Asha stood up.
"Ok, your loss," the redhead laughed and walked away.
"Your friend's gone," Asha said lightly as she set down two extra-large sodas and a couple of smaller, empty cardboard cups, "let's move to this table. We can sit on this side and finger each other while your reporter talks to us."
"She ran off while you were getting the drinks... oh, ah," Tracy said and Asha turned. Tracy recognized the dark brown pixie cut but otherwise the girl seemed a new person. Her thin face wasn't a beacon of joy but the hangdog look she'd had the other day was gone. Instead of her shapeless jeans and sweater she wore a dark grey pantsuit that had obviously been chosen to fit what figure she had, 'flattering but professional' came to Tracy's mind, from the various 'how to impress potential employers and dress in the real world' seminars Tracy had attended. Seminars whose every rule Asha broke at every opportunity, but it never seemed to slow her down. The fitted white blouse showed the girl had something of a chest, not much but not out of proportion on her slim body. Her jacket was also fitted although the backpack over her right shoulder unbalanced it slightly.
"Hi," the new arrival said as her eyes slightly widened as she looked at Asha then at Tracy, "uh..."
Tracy stood up and walked. "Hi, Cherise, this is---."
"Asha," Cherise said quickly, "you're Asha Washington. The Blade Babe."
Asha snorted hard at the term. "If you use that term again you'll find out personally why that big-titted bitch called me that."
Cherise's mouth offered a shocked 'O' and her head swiveled to look at Asha then Tracy and back.
"C'mon, Cherise," Tracy said as she nudged Asha, "we'll use this table. You can sit on this side. I didn't exactly ask Asha to come today but when I mentioned our talk she said 'sounds like fun.'"
Asha snorted but Cherise put her pack on a chair and Asha and Tracy rearranged their bags and coats on either side of them to discourage any use of the tables on either side. Cherise pulled a notebook from her pack and fussed with something else as Asha poured dark soda into the smaller cups and pulled a bottle of dark rum from her book bag.
"I thought you were shitting me," Tracy said as her friend poured a shot of the sweet booze into each of their cups.
"I hope you don't mi...," Cherise said as she stopped when she looked up, "uh..."
"It's ok," Asha said in a languid voice, "we're both over 21. I'd share but, well, you know."
"But, not allowed...," the cub reporter looked around the room which was about half full. Asha snorted and put the bottle back into her bag.
"We won't tell if you don't," Asha kept her tone and leaned over. Cherise's eyes darted to the view then up.
"Uh..., anyway," she said as she set a mini-cassette recorder on the table, "I hope you don't mind if I record? In class they said---."
"You really do want to be the next Jayne Jacobs," Asha interjected, "you'll need one hell of a boob job for that."
Cherise's mouth locked open again and Tracy spoke in a sharp tone.
"Asha," the redhead turned to look at her, "c'mon, let's just do this. Cherise is only supposed to take an hour. And I didn't insist you come today."
Asha snorted but sat back slightly and shrugged her shoulders. But her tone was soft and neutral. "You've done your research, you know about US. And you obviously know who Jayne is."
Cherise nodded. "If only I get half as good as her! She's one of my heroes."
"It's not JUST skill," Tracy said, "right place, right time. But she did know how to use what came up. Anyway, you have to be you, not her."
Oh, god, please don't be her, Tracy thought back on the interviews in her hospital bed and finally her refusal to talk any more.
"That's what Lydia says," Cherise said brightly, "absorb what you can from the right people but always turn it to your advantage. She helped me pick out this pantsuit. She was a bit upset because I don't like dresses and skirts, but well, we compromised. I've never seen her wear pants!"
Tracy's eyes narrowed slightly. "Lydia's Dean Lynch, right?" Cherise nodded. "Why'd she hook you up with ME?"
"On Monday, after I found out Victor. I was crying, I'd.. told him I like gi..., uh.. anyway, he was upse..., um, I went to her office... but, oh, god... I'm... I'm such a poor journalist," Cherise hit the table softly with the side of her fist, "talking about myself! Sorry!"
Tracy and Asha glanced at each other. Cherise took a deep breath.
"She told me your story would be inspiring to a new generation of students! You shouldn't be forgotten. Taking down gangsters and the part about England, you, well... you two, heroes."
She looked at her watch. "Oh, I'm sorry, can we start our hour now? Bit late, but?"
Tracy and Asha glanced at each other but nodded. She set the recorder in the middle of the table and pushed the record button.
"This is Cherise Cooper, it's Friday, November 2nd, and I'm with Tracy Turnbull and Asha Washington. Interview begins."
Tracy's mood darkened as the 'interview' went on. This young, skinny, strange reporter wanna-be and it appeared lesbian-in-training had done her homework. No, not only had she gone through the campus and City newspaper archives in the Library she'd apparently somehow gotten access to tapes of the old KPUD broadcasts of then-local 'newswoman on the way up' Jayne Jacobs with Tracy after the Jed incident and with her and Asha after the Broiler incident. 'Blade Babe' had been only a single, throw-away line from Jacobs and to Asha's joy it had been quickly forgotten. Jacobs had decamped for brighter lights and bigger cities a few months later and other than the occasional highly-publicized 'hometown girl made good' whistle stop stayed away. Her parents were long dead and she apparently had no other family so at least to Tracy's and Asha's joy had little reason to spend much time in her native city.
But this girl had disinterred even that phrase as she started with the robbery turned kidnapping over twenty pounds of the purest cocaine anyone in this city had ever seen. Tracy's answers were mostly on auto-pilot but she wandered when Cherise tried to press Asha on her training in fighting with sharp shiny steel implements of death and Asha's pat answer. Tracy had been leery when Asha refilled their soda cups and buttressed the rum with more shots from her bottle but she was happy for the slight buzz.
"Parents grew up in the fifties, sixties and were part of the Hollywood scene, you already know that. Too many cold war movies about thermonuclear obliteration of society and the end of the world, wanted my brother and me to be, you know, ready."
Tracy's mind came back to the present with a change in Asha's voice.
"Ah, Jed Miller. Nothing I can say," Asha said and she leaned sideways to tap shoulders with Tracy, "I was breaking my ankle in Los Angeles falling down stairs. That was all this vicious little minx beating the fuck out of that asshole."
Tracy snorted. But she saw again the clouded look on Cherise's face. Tracy reran the fake story that had essentially become her memory of that night.
After a bit more sparring over Jed, Cherise looked at her watch and grunted.
"Okay, thanks, Tracy," Cherise said quickly, "now. How was it that you two decided to visit England that June when the terrorists struck at Stonehenge?"
"It was Asha's fault," Tracy said, "she wanted to visit the world headquarters of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England & Wales. She's rather weird about accounting things. She got to fondle five hundred year old accounting books and it made her wet. It was after school ended so just bad timing."
"And Tracy wanted to meet British actors," Asha said quickly, "because she'd had very disappointing sex with American actors. Still an issue. She's not good picking those who are part of the dramatic arts."
"I... did not...," Tracy said.
"Well yeah, you never did have sex with British actors, but the American ones...," Asha said and stuck her tongue out and wiggled the tip. Tracy snorted.
"Were disappointing," Tracy turned to glare at Cherise, who scribbled furiously, "wait! Don't put THAT in your article!"
"Well, we got to read about the attack in the papers and TV, the scummy tabloids there called it the 'Summer Solstice Slaughter,'" Asha said firmly, "but that was it. It was just that they were local papers for us! We went up to Stratford-upon-Avon, met Billy Shakespeare."
"But hadn't you planned to go to Stonehenge on that day?" Tracy fought down any sudden reaction to Cherise's question. The tone of it wasn't something she liked. But Asha snorted.
"This one," the redhead poked Tracy hard in the shoulder, "got really drunk the night before. Caused us to lose out on hooking up with a hot man and woman we could've shared! I did want to go for the solstice but Tracy was too busy throwing up all night. Ended up her face in the toilet for hours was good luck."
Asha laughed and even Cherise chuckled as Tracy contributed an anguished grunt, but she didn't offer any corrections.
The cub reporter scribbled more notes before she looked up and spoke. "How'd you hurt your hand, Asha?"
"Ah, ready for that," Asha said and she pulled her picture up, "this was when we met ol' Billy. Before that Tracy smashed my hand in a door. See it? Some guy I invited over for her to fuck couldn't get it up. She took it out on me."
"I, uh, huh," Tracy said, but when she turned she saw the look on Asha's face, "uh, yeah. I was upset. I mean, look at her, boys drool. And look at me."
Asha snorted and pushed her chest out. Tracy blinked but she fought to keep her concentration and continued her speech.
"So I used her as bait so I could get 'em in and have my way with them, promised them if they did me first they could see her naked while they did. If they fucked me really well, I might let them do her. But one, well, was useless. So I punished her for bringing him."
Cherise looked at each of them in turn, her expression was some mixture of confusion and shock but she scribbled rapidly.
"And you can put in Geoff, with a 'G,'" Asha said to Tracy's annoyed grunt before Asha's voice went into a thick British accent, "Tracy turned tha' poor boy inside out the last night we were there. I bet he's still bragging to his mates or using it as a story for pullin' birds when he's drinkin' down the local."
"Asha!" Tracy looked at the redhead's laughing face then at Cherise as the thin woman tried to stifle her own laugh and wrote furiously. "And you, DON'T use THAT!"
Tracy glared at both of them in turn. "I am NOT some sort of sex crazed pervert!"
"Except with virgins," Asha said, "you get a bit out of control 'round them! Are you a virgin Cherise? Tracy's not picky. Cocks, pussies... she likes 'em all, so long as they're unused."
That caused Cherise to again stare at them with her non-writing hand held in front of her open mouth.
"Ok, we are DONE here," Tracy hit the 'stop' button on the recorder, "I think you have plenty."
Tracy stood outside the Pie Pizzeria. She'd stuck her head inside, hadn't seen Zee. It was, as she'd hoped, crowded but not overflowing. She wanted the support of a crowd but also the anonymity of that same crowd. She sighed.
She rewound her discussion with Asha. She was confused. All of these guys... young, healthy, virgins or seemingly so... all of them in the hospital. But this Victor wandering into the road. This Cherise was apparently a lesbian, or at least thought she was, and she said she'd argued with Victor... about that? Was the boy simply out for a walk after an argument with a girl he liked and just too deep in thought?
It was a possibility since Tracy had done almost the same thing walking from her little place! Fortunately the driver had been attentive and a horn had been close to giving her a heart attack. Did Cherise not realize there was no reason to limit yourself? Asha hadn't lied when she'd told Cherise that Tracy wasn't picky about what was between the legs of her lovers. Asha was the same. Then again, Tracy thought, her best friend from childhood Dixie limited herself to just guys. Not even Devil Girl's incredible skills could convince her how enjoyable girls could be too!
But. Too many for coincidences? Darren and his friends and their drunk driving accident was par for the course, a couple more students had done similarly and found a tree with their car but had walked, well, limped, away. And she couldn't get rid of the vision of Asha sucking or absorbing or whatever she did to the brain of that brute Jed Miller. But, for Victor, Asha had a pretty good alibi. And even Halloween night. After lunch Tracy had wandered back to the Math building and had caught her boss on his way out and she'd asked a veiled question about Hoppensteadt at the party. He'd confirmed he and Asha had 'celebrated' once the redhead had sent their boss off with her oversexed friend with a soft spot for fifty year old dudes. Jarlson also confirmed that the Big Guy apparently hadn't recognized Tracy buried in her pile of freshmen. And her immediate boss didn't seem to care, so long as the Administration didn't get wind of it.
Tracy's vision had flashed to a gallows on Library Plaza. But she'd simply nodded.
But her boss hadn't seen Lynch after Dr. Not So Glacier Anymore mixed into the crowd. And he was new enough and near enough to the bottom of the Math faculty pecking order he hadn't wanted to ask his boss why in the fuck were they together? Or not, as it seemed.
Tracy leaned against the round metal bike rack in front of the Pie, unused on a clear but frigid night. Cold seeped through her jeans but for now she liked the chill on her ass. Cherise's questions at the 'interview' making her relive some fought times had shaken her and Asha's rum had laid a layer of fuzz around her brain. The cold was restoring her.
There were no parking spots on the half block that went past the Pie, just a service driveway a bit to her right, and she wasn't sure but assumed Zee would have his car. So she looked left and right, streetlights and neon signs didn't create an illusion of daylight but were bright enough to see anyone approaching. She'd never been overly interested in owning a car, her bike sufficed and if the weather was an issue most everywhere she usually went was reachable by walking, like tonight. And the bus system was lame but for running about the City and the University district usable enough. And now that they'd totally remodeled the old streetcar garages to be an upscale shopping center they were talking about bringing the bloody things back! Well, they called them trams or 'light rail' now. Whatever. But her tendency to get lost in her studies or teaching meant the forced exercise was better than no exercise.
Then she smiled. But a strained smile. Zee had come around the corner to her right and had adopted a slightly more deliberate pace. His expression was also strained.
"Hey," she said when he was still a few steps away, his mouth quirked up slightly. A good sign? She didn't know him that well yet.
"Hey," he said back as he came to a stop a couple of strides away, "nice enough night. You cold?"
"Just my ass," she patted the bike rail bar. He chuckled, looked like he wanted to say something but held back.
Tracy looked past Zee and he turned when a car stopped quickly in the driveway entrance. It was dark red and idled with an almost subsonic throb that Tracy felt as much as heard. Her eyes narrowed as she tried to read the face through the nearby passenger seat window. Zee took a step toward the car and stopped and let out a couple of quick laughs.
"Son of a bi..., dude," Zee said, "that's... the most beautiful Malibu I've ever seen."
"Nothing to do with me, Zee," Tracy heard and finally recognized Dark Star as Zee took another couple of steps and she caught up and stood alongside but didn't make contact with him, "it's all Javi."
"Hey, Zee, Tracy," they heard his voice but couldn't see him clearly in the driver's seat, "good, you're both here."
"Huh?" Zee's grunt let Tracy's statement cover both of them.
"Asha said you guys might be here," Dark Star said, "we're on a mission and if we didn't find you guys Umbra and Dani will kill us."
"This day just gets weirder," Tracy said.
"That kind of week," Zee's voice was odd as he glanced quickly at Tracy. She bit her lower lip.
"Umbra and Dani are cooking some sort of special dinner for tomorrow night," Dark Star explained, "and we're taking it all to Tracy's. And they told us to make sure that Zee is invited and is coming."
"Say what?" Zee's voice was slow. Tracy hadn't really known what to expect for her Saturday 'date' with the Polychrome quartet but for it to be an expanding invitation list was barely in the running.
"I assume Tracy can give you her address," Dark Star continued, "but don't bring anything. It's all on us. Well, on Asha and Penelope."
"And on that note," Javi picked up the thread, "we have a meeting downtown. Dark alley, code words, boxes off the back of a truck. Apparently our red headed boss 'knows people who know people' when it comes to buying computers at 'discount.' If you never see us again, know we went doing what we loved, dealing in black-market electronics on the mean streets of the City."
Dark Star waved and the throb kicked up a notch as Javi engaged the clutch and reversed the car quickly into the street. Tracy and Zee turned and followed their progress and waved and watched as the low rider caught the green light and crossed 13th East and disappeared down the sloped road.
"They gonna be safe?" Tracy's question was more rhetorical than direct but Zee hummed.
"I don't know Javi that well yet, but talking to him other night I realized I was familiar with some of his relatives. He might not look it but he'll have plenty of street smarts. Which is good. Dark Star's suburb isn't one of the nice ones in the Valley, but it was a suburb. Javi'll know to keep his eyes open."
Tracy acknowledged the answer with a soft 'good.'
"Tracy," Zee said in a softer voice, waited until she looked at him, "the Army was unending boredom mixed with wild shit. But this week has been the equal of most any wild shit I went through."
"You don't owe me anything, Zee," Tracy said quietly, "but I hope you'll stay a bit and I can... explain about the other night. Try to. And, well, I think there's something terrible happening to guys around here and I need someone to tell me I'm simply insane so I can forget about it."
Zee snorted but offered a soft smile. "You have an inordinate interest in virgins, according to that crazy strange accountant friend of yours, guess I know now she wasn't shitting us about that."
The cold that had finally impressed itself on Tracy's cheeks and nose was suddenly repelled as she flushed. She hated that.
"And, therefore, I guess her stories about procuring boys and smashing hands in doors in England were all true, too," his voice had lightened but had a hint of a challenge. Tracy snorted and gave a couple of coughed laughs but the heat of her face was upped another notch.
"But if you're buying the pizza, guess I'm willing to listen a bit, and better not forget to give me your address. For tomorrow. After what I heard Umbra did to those frat guys I don't want to be on her bad side. And Dani's nice as it gets. Give you a gun, Asha that knife she carries on her thigh and Umbra's fists, I'd take you three over most of the guys I served with."
Tracy's smile was still soft but her mood lightened. Her face's thermostat was slightly dialed down. "C'mon," she said, "I'm getting cold."
She led him down the short stairwell. They both let out relieved 'ah' sounds when he opened the door and the heated space with its smells of flour and sauce and sounds of laughter and comfort absorbed them.
Pulled Pork
"Where's your table? Ah...," Tracy looked through the open door at Dark Star's ruddy face then at the large, foil-covered pan he carried with oven mitts on his hands. She stepped sideways and he chuckled. Her door opened directly into the room that her landlady called a 'dine-in kitchen.' It was nicely dine-in for two people, four people had best be on very friendly terms and even then she only had two chairs. He walked past her and she stepped outside.
Javi and Dani fussed at the opened sliding door on the side of a white van that had pulled into the driveway that ran along the side of the old house that had been chopped into three units. Tracy's was the rear quarter of the old place and faced a backyard where mud and weeds outnumbered the blades of grass and an old garage which stored all of the gardening equipment that she'd never seen used and some old furniture including an ornate divan that had likely been at the height of fashion in a previous century.
"Couple more in there," Dani said as she and Javi carried armloads past her as Tracy walked upstream and saw Umbra in the van and collected from her a box with four champagne bottles, which surprised her. How did this crew buy champagne?
Oh. Tracy smiled as she walked past Dark Star who smiled back. Asha. Or Penelope.
Tracy had just stored the champagne in her fridge where it would keep a new half gallon milk carton, a tub of butter, foil wrapped pizza leftovers, five bottles from a six pack of a new IPA from a recently-opened 'craft' brewery and not much else company when Umbra and Dark Star covered her table with the last of... whatever it all was. Umbra's hair was restored to its... naturally unnatural rainbow. Tracy chuckled that she again had the devil horns, but she hadn't gone full Devil Girl.
"That's definitely not the car I saw you guys in," Tracy said as she looked at the two boys.
"It's my cousin's," Umbra said, "easier when we're delivering dinner to malnourished grad students. But, I'll get it out of the driveway and put it on the street in case your housemates come home?"
"Yeah. Only Mrs. Dabney parks in the driveway," Tracy said, "she's the owner, lives in the front unit. Clara is in the middle unit, in her forties, works downtown."
"Back in a sec," Umbra waved and pulled the door closed behind her.
"Speaking of her cousin," Javi said, "if you think the Malibu is sweet, you should see her Mustang. Wowee."
"Red, white striped 1971 Boss 351 with an aftermarket paint job, four barrel carburetor and a four on the floor," Tracy said. Dani and Dark Star looked at her like she'd sprouted a second head but Javi whistled in admiration.
"Our TA knows more about cars than she lets on," he said. Tracy laughed.
"Hell no, Chris told me about it, HE knows more about cars than most anyone," Tracy said, "but I've seen it. It's beautiful. But at least you survived whatever you were doing last night."
"Well," Javi's accent deepened and Dark Star laughed, "maybe not everyone walked away."
The door opened and Umbra made an announcement. "Look who I found." She led Zee into the tightly packed room.
"Hey, Sarge," Dark Star said, "no saluting."
Zee laughed and they shook hands.
"Ok," Dani announced although there was a slight hitch in her voice, "everyone's here, not meaning to rush but we should eat while the food's nice and hot."
"Oh, hey, um," Tracy said, "I don't have enough chairs... and the table's..."
"Don't worry." Dani said, "this was all Umbra's idea. But she made me do the work."
"Your mom's the professional chef," Umbra said, "you picked up a few tricks."
"Although true talent always skips a generation," Dark Star said in a light tone.
"Anyway," Dani said, "while I have a bowl of gruel for one person, the rest get slow cooked pork. That cold one is cole slaw, but I have garlic and rosemary roasted potatoes, and..."
"Say what?" Tracy said. "Um, I... expected... well, not sure."
"My idea," Umbra said, "before I punched out the frat boys I had a pulled pork sandwich. It was really good, but when I told Dani about it she said I hadn't had real pulled pork. Said if we had an occasion, she'd do us 'pork butt.'"
"We're eating butt?" Javi didn't sound impressed.
"Well, you made me eat menudo at your place," Dark Star said. Zee laughed. Tracy and Umbra offered confused looks.
"Tripe," Dani said, which didn't clarify anything, "cow stomach lining. Made into a stew, peppers, maybe chilies."
"Si," Javi said, "way my mom makes it."
"Oh, yuc...," Tracy caught herself but Javi sniffed and shook his head, "glad it's not that. Anyway, um, I guess we can pile coats on my desk in the other room. I... I've never had this many people over to my little dump. Can we just fill up plates and go in the living room? We'll all just fit."
"That'll work," Dani said.
"C'mon," Tracy gestured and Dani shrugged her coat off, "help me, Zee, we'll let them set up the food. Javi, Dark Star, that garage door is never locked. There's a divan in there under a tarp. If it's not too disgusting, it'll fit right through here. The room's big but, well, I'm not much of an entertainer."
"Dani," Tracy said after she'd slowly chewed yet another forkful of the pork with her eyes mostly closed, "this... is... delicious."
"I thought the sandwich at Greek Row was nice," Umbra said as she sat on the divan between Javi and Dark Star, Tracy had thrown a blanket that had been folded on the sofa across it, "but THIS! I think Dani should make this more often."
"I'll teach you, roomie," Dani snorted, "it only takes ten hours to cook!"
"But it is so worth it," Zee said and he touched Dani on the arm and she leaned into him as she and Tracy flanked him on the sofa. Tracy blinked slightly at the movement. But they were already on the second bottle of champagne her guests hadn't explained and she didn't recall the last time she'd been tuned two days in a row and it'd been a crazy week and her brain didn't want to have to work too hard at the moment.
"Oh, hey, Tracy," Dark Star said, she nodded at him, "what's the deal with this... thing we're sitting on."
"It's a divan," Tracy said, "was apparently left behind when Clare moved in. She didn't like it so Mrs. Dabney told us to put it in the garage but if we found anyone who wants it, take it. Few other things too."
"Cool. All junk, but we need furniture. This is comfy enough, could even sleep on it."
"I showed it to Asha, she called it a 'day bed.' So, guess you could use it as a night bed. But, furniture?"
"One of the reasons for Penelope getting us champagne! No one can talk about THAT though," Umbra said to agreeable chuckles, "the boys are getting a place in our complex, can afford it with our part-time jobs. But not moving in until January."
"Still being remodeled, be ready December," Javi said, "but with Christmas and all that..."
"Fortunately the owner of the complex really likes me and Dani," multi-colored hair shook, "so she's letting them pay the security fee to hold it. She figured she wouldn't get anyone in for December anyway."
"Ok," said Tracy, "just make sure the red headed pirate's 'part-time' job doesn't get in the way of your real jobs! She might be paying you but I'm the one who grades your assignments!"
"But her place has 'no underwear' days," Umbra said, "and 'no pants' days!"
"You don't wear any in Tracy's class," Javi snorted, "well, mostly. And do you ever wear pants?"
"In winter now and then. And I wear undies," Umbra tried to sound as if she'd been insulted but she lifted the plate from her lap and flipped her skirt front up, "well, tonight at least. See? But enough of that, we brought movies and popcorn! Do you have a saucepan? Unless you have a popper?"
When she'd finally moved out of the dorms, Tracy's parents had bought her a full set of pots and pans and sets of dishware and silverware. When she'd moved in, her mother had arranged them for her in the kitchen cupboard in an arrangement that made efficient use of the space and also allowed reasonably easy access to them.
And there they largely stayed. But Umbra quickly selected a pot that she claimed was perfect for the job and it joined the dishes and forks and knives in finally being gainfully employed. Tracy liked popcorn and had packets of the microwave version, but Umbra scoffed.
"That stuff's good in an emergency. This is real and I can cook it," she said proudly as her crazy hair shook around the horns. She set the three boys to work on the dishes and packing leftovers and shooed Tracy and Dani back to the living room with refilled flutes of champagne.
"Good thing you brought these flutes, they're very pretty," Tracy said as she and Dani sat on the sofa, "I'm not sure I have two glasses that match! So the boys getting an apartment, but why else the champagne?"
Tracy held it up and the cut faces around the flute reflected the light from her standing lamp with the frayed shade.
"Asha warned us about your, um, limitations for entertaining," Dani's voice was slightly apologetic but Tracy snorted, "also for us getting jobs and for, uh, what you did for us at Halloween."
"Uh, ok. But that's definitely the best dinner that's ever been served here, certainly since I've been here," Tracy said, "you guys should come over more often!"
Dani smiled but bit her lower lip for a second then turned her head to glance toward the kitchen. Sounds of splashing and tinkling of crockery and the first bursts that signaled popcorn was imminent.
"I, uh, Tracy, I have a question, after the party Wednesday," Dani said quietly and Tracy tried to keep her expression neutral and simply nodded, "what you did..."
Tracy had run various scenarios through her mind about this evening. The agreement was only that the quartet would come over and would bring dinner, but Tracy had expected pizza or burgers or the one 'home cooked' meal she regularly prepared, spaghetti. Not a slow-cooked tour de force that her pro chef ex Todd would sit back and say 'whoa' at. But now...
"Umbra has... her plans," Dani said and glanced again toward the kitchen, laughter from there, "and you're helping her..."
Tracy sipped at her champagne then did her head tilt that highlighted her slight disfigurement and annoyed her when she caught herself. She straightened but Dani didn't seem affected.
"I was so lame at Halloween," Dani said, Tracy wondered if she'd learned her earnest expression from her roommate, "can you help me too?"
Tracy held the flute at her lips for long enough that she saw the doubt creep into Dani's face. Her brain had readied the reply 'no, Dani, I'm very sorry but I can't do that' when the trapdoor flew open and the goddess beat that reply into mush with her baseball bat.
"Dani," the brain was no slouch but for this the goddess took control, "uh, yeah. Anything."
Dani exhaled slowly then again bit her lower lip quickly but she nodded.
"Penelope and Asha were so good and patient. Umbra," Dani's eyes flicked toward the kitchen with its sounds of industry and laughter, "is a terrible exhibitionist! I've always been kinda shy, but when Penelope made me get my bra off... I felt really sexy even if I'm never going to be as bad as my roomie. And I was ready. But then I found out..."
"About Gerald?"
"How'd you know?"
"Asha mentioned it..., she didn't mean to tell stories... but, well, she's a pirate."
"Should hear what she says about you," Dani bit her lower lip again, a definite tic, thought Tracy, "she... thinks it, says it, as my mom says!"
"Yeah. But, help you? How?" Tracy glanced at the kitchen. Their time was short.
"Uh... your boyfriend. And you," Tracy locked her jaw and let the earnest voice wash over her, "like you did with the boys. And Umbra."
"Ok... but what about Brent?" Tracy asked quietly.
Dani's eyes went unfocused for a second, "He... he has a pet. Well, he is a pet. Him and.... that Cat. Catgirl. Whatever."
She shrugged and brightened. "So if I get prepared, then I think I can convince Gerald..."
"Um, well, Dani," Tracy licked her lips to have a moment to think, "guys like him... they..."
"Don't wanna marry him," Dani scoffed, Brent apparently dismissed, "just fuck him a few times. Umbra has her goals, I have mine now, too! But I need training, this is big game hunting!"
Tracy's mouth locked open. The goddess held the baseball bat in her right hand and tapped it against her open left palm. And glared. Tracy's brain backed into its cubbyhole and pulled down the curtain.
"But, uh, Dani," Tracy glanced at the kitchen again, time was running short, "I don't have a boyfriend."
Dani snorted. "Yeah, right. Zee. You two may as well send out the wedding invitations."
Even the goddess took pause at that statement. True, the goddess had demanded acceptance of the offerings and Tracy had practically raped two OTHER guys AND a girl in front of this supposed... boyfriend. It had been at the request of a demon, but, really. And she and that 'boyfriend' had only just managed a nice-enough dinner, and they HAD talked and joked and... but once he'd driven her home afterward little more had been said beyond him agreeing to return as he had within twenty-four hours before they'd parted.
And she'd barely touched him, hadn't even kissed him, much less hit second base.
The goddess forced a pause and the brain pushed the curtain aside and edged out just a bit, wary attention on the baseball bat.
"I... uh...," Tracy wasn't used to both her brain and the goddess being at a loss, the former was a math whiz and the latter had different obsessions but one or the other was always able to take charge, this was a first, but then the goddess took a slow breath and..., "hey, I'll do whatever. But I can't speak for..."
"Oh, he's fine," Dani said, "me and Umbra told him if he helped you'd turn him inside out and make what you did to those other two look like lame city."
Army brats weren't the primary focus of the goddess and the brain didn't usually get involved in all... that icky stuff with the gooey fluids and squelching sounds and moans and pants. But. He was... very, very cute. And if the Polychrome quartet were the smartest four in her class, he wasn't far behind. And fit. The goddess considered and did a rare thing and traded thoughtful looks with the brain.
The sounds of popping, tinkling and splashing lessened and were replaced by a clear 'POP' which was followed by laughs.
"Ok, whatever it takes," Tracy said, "but you need to answer something for me."
Dani's smile was broad and she nodded.
"How long does it take Umbra to keep her hair dyed so perfectly?"
"Oh, that! It's not dye. Well, between her legs, that's dye, still orange for Halloween, she hasn't decided what color for Thanksgiving. But not her head, that's just the way it is."
Four people talked and laughed as they entered the room. Dark Star and Javi carried large bowls of popcorn, Zee had a fresh bottle of champagne and Umbra pulled a VCR tape from a bag she'd originally tossed under the kitchen table.
"Asha mentioned the only pieces of real furniture in this place were your television and VCR player, Tracy," Umbra said as she set the bag next to one of the feet on the divan, "she was right! Well, there is a desk in the corner next to them."
As usual the elf-girl bent at the waist and she grabbed the remote that sat on the beaten and scratched cabinet the electronics reposed on and inserted the tape. Her skirt, which didn't quite meet the tops of her 'socks' that reached most of the way up her thighs, lifted and Tracy saw the base of a buttplug covered by the g-string strap that ran between her firm and shapely ass cheeks. Three males all had hard inhaled breaths at the sight and a single female offered a soft chuckle as she looked at three rapt faces.
Tracy simply stared at the wall
*****
He hadn't known what the statement had meant. But it was only the cherry on top of the mass of things happening.
It had slowly dawned on him, and then on his partner in crime as they looked at each other past the wickedly attractive creature between them, that everyone except them seemed to be in on a plan. But what that plan was hadn't come clear for a while.
He, all three of her best friends, knew Umbra had quite the selection of porn. She'd spooled out a few of what she claimed were the more ridiculous ones for the four of them but they'd engendered more laughter than anything more intimate. He'd caught sight that she'd brought a couple, but she'd instead put in a 'regular' movie that most everyone hadn't seen, something called 'Body Heat.'
It put her porn movies to shame.
When they'd all come into the living room with the popcorn Tracy had seemed in a daze. Dani had assured him 'Tracy's fine, she's had a long week and just not used to having people over' as they'd milled in something of a queue before the movie for Tracy's single occupancy bathroom.
Their TA had said little during the movie, but he couldn't recall any conversation by anyone by the time the movie had passed the hour mark. Umbra had one of the bowls of popcorn on her lap and Dani sat between Zee and Tracy and had the other. He'd barely registered that their demon friend had pushed off her usual high-top sneakers and shifted to cross her legs as the movie played, the popcorn bowl rested on her ankles. She nudged at the two of them to slide closer so her knees rested on their thighs. A glance showed that her skirt had no recourse but to be pushed up as far as possible, the bare tops of her thighs and her blue g-string visible.
Nothing they'd not seen. Not to mention the even better view that'd been on offer a few nights previously.
But it hadn't taken that long to become clear this wasn't just another movie night.
The movie had already affected his prick and he'd tried to subtly shift a couple of times to ease the pressure. But it was during a particularly steamy scene when he'd realized the pressure wasn't coming simply from inside.
Umbra's beautiful green eyes were on the TV. But her hand was on his thigh. Conveniently his rock hard shaft ran along his right thigh.
And her long fingers were on it. Not simply on it but sliding along the shaft. His jeans didn't allow fine determination but she found the head and paid some attention to it. Another glance showed she ambidextrously handled two thighs. Then her right hand passed the almost-empty bowl to her right, it was accepted and the bowl was soon abandoned on the floor. Her hand returned to the far thigh and then she urged both thighs to move closer. They obeyed.
She made soft sounds and a hand found each of her thighs. She flexed the muscles of her thighs and as the scene in the movie neared its climax both hands recalled their lesson a few days and she made soft but deep sounds when their hands found the edges of her g-string.
After a moment he slid his hand back along her thigh. The opposite hand followed its more direct lesson and a deep purr came from the middle person of the three. He felt fingers dance along his prick as he caressed the available flesh below the crotch and above the sock. Her thigh was ridiculously firm, but he'd expected that, working out with her cousin Anna and that cousin's husband Bobby he'd seen her strength. The story from Greek Row was of little surprise.
Leaving his compatriot's hand to handle duties locally he raised his hand until the backs of his fingers found a nipple. Its shape, as was its partner's and almost the entirety of both breasts, was prominent through the clingy fabric, an unusually opaque choice by its wearer. But no less attractive. Fingers played an arpeggio on his shaft, on two shafts, as all eyes remained mostly on the screen as steam literally rose from the pixels as the movie moved from seduction to consummation and rewound to further heights.
But he dared a glance to his left. He flashed a quick smile. He and Javi had been so consumed by the events on Halloween that they'd not thought of any broader implications.
Nor had their TA, it seemed. But Dani had told them after Thursday's class 'we have a plan,' apparently she and Umbra had some scheme in mind.
He knew he'd been used. He knew he was being used. His friend was also being used and knew it as well.
But.
They were putting together a room full of computer equipment that had to squint in the rear view mirror to even see the 'bleeding edge.' Their pirate mistresses in that endeavor would expect success. And one of them was a beautiful redhead with an awesome rack. And the other was, as Javi never tired of reminding him, 'the long-lost separated-at-birth twin that your mother didn't know she had.' Well, she would be if his mother wore sheer blouses without a bra. Although, maybe hers WERE the right size...
But, now their 'girl' friends were using them. THEM. Not the Brents and Walts and Nates, like this one almost had. But them. Their both very cute, one very odd, both sexy, but at the same time ridiculously innocent and guileless new 'girl' friends were using them. And not the cheat on assignments use them for, like the few such 'opportunities' had been for them. No. These 'girl' friends were every bit their academic matches.
Dani had let slip Umbra's further plans. Her insistence that Dani needed to be a sorority sister to help arrange for twenty-two guys to rail that demon one after another, well, twenty since she hoped she could count on a couple of guy friends to help out. But that was Later. Now. Now she wanted these two. He wouldn't use the 'L' word. But he'd use the 'A' word. Affection.
He felt her chest push against his fingers and she let out a deep purred exhale as he squeezed the nipple and it grew a bit more. Her arpeggios stepped us slightly in cadence.
The movie ended. The spell didn't end but there was a moment in the balance. Then Tracy stood up quickly and Dani bounced a bit and Zee steadied her as one of her supports had disappeared. Tracy blinked a couple of times as everyone mostly kept their hands and bodies in place but stopped all movement. She turned and reached out and took a hand each from Dani and Zee.
"Up," her voice was thick and gruff, the pair took her hands and she led them to stand up. Then she led them between the sofa and the divan and stopped them at the door to her bedroom. It wasn't difficult to navigate. There was that door, the bathroom door and one more door. She pointed into the bedroom.
"In there. If either of you has any clothes still on by the time I get in there, I'm going to be kicking some ass."
Zee snapped his body to full attention and whipped his hand in a salute that put Dark Star's lame imitation a few nights ago to shame.
"Lieutenant, ma'am," Dark Star heard Javi let out a hum as they listened to the tone that was a soldier's best confirmation to his commanding officer, "I'll have the unit ready for inspection."
He dropped the salute and Dani yelped when he whipped her into his arms in a swift motion and disappeared sideways through the door. Tracy snorted then pulled the mystery door open. It was a large linen cupboard. She grabbed two large blankets and threw them at the seated trio who'd all turned to watch.
"The goddess says to cover the furniture," she strode quickly into the bathroom then emerged and immediately tossed a small, plastic bottle that Umbra caught, "and she says if you need anything else, up to you."
Then she'd walked into the bedroom and the door closed with a thunk.
"Goddess?" Javi said and Dark Star shrugged but Umbra stood quickly before she pulled both boys upright.
"She has spoken," Umbra's voice was commanding, "spread those blankets."
Two snorts but they spread the blankets. As soon as they'd finished and both stood, Umbra threw her arms around Javi's shoulders and wrapped him in a bear hug. She bent slightly and kissed him hard on the mouth. It took him an instant to respond before he put his arms around her and slapped one hand on each ass cheek but stayed on top of her skirt. Her kiss was sloppy and it took a few moments to settle into a smoother rhythm.
And that was when she broke the kiss and did a one-eighty and this time had to lean her head slightly back to kiss the taller boy. She shook her hips when she felt renewed pressure on her shapely ass cheeks. He'd seen the odd shape of her tongue, that odd squareness, another part of what she joked was her 'genetic horror show,' and it felt unusual. But that was almost immediately forgotten. Possibly to the microsecond she timed the kiss to match and broke it and stood between the two and took a hand from each.
"You, on the divan," she turned her head first to Javi then Dark Star, "and sit. You, sofa."
The boys offered confused looks but obeyed. She stepped forward and bent over slightly in front of Javi.
"I'm going to undress both of you," she turned her head quickly to share her statement, "and you're not allowed to move or touch me while I do it."
She set to work on the buttons on Javi's flannel shirt that was over a tee. His right arm rose and she pulled back and glared at him. An almost subsonic hum was something that caused both of her companions to jump slightly. How could someone's throat make... that sound? But Javi offered an apologetic smile. Once she removed his tee she kissed across his chest and when he moved slightly the hum began again. He froze.
Then she repeated her efforts on Dark Star with an initial step of removing his glasses and placing them on one of the bookshelves made up of cinder blocks and foot wide lengths of particle board that ran the length of the wall to the desk.
That done, she returned to strip Javi from the waist down. Her hum repeated when his cock sprang free after he'd obeyed to raise his ass so that she could reveal that bit of his anatomy. Once she'd shoved his clothes into a pile she slid on her knees and grabbed the base of his cock with her right hand and steadied it before she pushed half of it into her mouth. Javi fought to stay still when the slightest bit of hum emerged from her occupied mouth. She moved her head up and down a half dozen times before she released it and kissed the head.
Then she repeated the process. Dark Star moaned as her mouth pushed over his cock, her eyes, green, beautiful, mysterious, strange, looked at him as she did so. Then his body stiffened and his mouth opened slightly. She quickly released him.
"Sorry," her voice was a light as it could get, "teeth. Oops."
He smiled and she sucked his cock in again. He closed his eyes and his breath deepened. He fought to not pump his hips.
He'd not dared hope this night would come. He'd never actually figured out what he wanted to happen. But if this was one of the possible events that could happen it was certainly one he was happy with. Then the pressure released. He opened his eyes.
"My turn," Umbra said in a syrupy, raspy tone that caused both of her intended lovers to shiver. She stood with her arms straight out.
Both guys shook their heads slightly and stood. They caught eyes and the natural understanding they'd had from first acquaintance had deepened and without discussion Javi explored for a moment and found the zipper at the rear of the short skirt. With the easier angle Dark Star made quicker work of the buttons of her blouse than he'd done with Tracy's.
"Nice buttplug," Javi said as he pulled the g-string down her legs and past the socks that matched her hair for mixed colors. Her laugh was a happy one.
"Leave it, for now," Dark Star said as her blouse joined the third pile on the floor, "now, our turn."
He put his hands on Umbra's bare shoulders and turned her. When the backs of her calves found the sofa he guided her to sit down. Then he pulled her hips forward and nudged her legs apart to offer a clear view of the closely-cropped orange bush above her pink slit.
"Obi-Javi," the dark boy responded with his own hum, "you work above the waist. And if she gets handsy, bite."
Dark Star knelt quickly and leaned and kissed her clit hard. Javi laughed and moved quickly around him and the sofa bounced as he hit it hard.
"Ah ah ah," he said and Umbra snorted, "you heard the man!"
Dark Star's tongue pushed between lips that were fleshier than Tracy's. This one's taste was a bit sharper than Tracy as well, but he hadn't enough direct experience to know what was normal. He didn't much care. She tasted good. He looked up. Saw a dark head working at the left nipple, a hand cupped the right. Then he noticed something.
She jumped slightly when he touched his teeth to her large clit. He'd not touched her at Halloween but he'd made good study given his view as Tracy had eaten her. He let out his own 'ah ah' and he craned his neck and her arm went limp again. She exhaled as he exchanged teeth for lips and tongue. He only had porn and one other woman to compare, but Umbra's erect flesh was certainly larger than Tracy's. Then again, Tracy was tiny, Umbra almost as tall as him. Did it correlate? Ah, well. This would require many more samples to achieve statistical significance.
He sucked the clit in flicked it with his tongue and was gratified by the twitching thigh muscles that he took indicated enjoyment. He recalled an instruction Umbra had given him. He pushed two fingers into a slit already gooey and crocked his fingers and found firm flesh behind the clit. Her staccato breath he took as another sign of approval. He glanced up, saw Javi as he worked more than just nipples but kissed chest flesh and and up her neck, blew away stray brightly-colored strands.
Both guys worked at their assigned tasks and their victim's body tensed and flexed and they resorted to gentle but firm pressure on torso and thighs to keep her still. She moaned and gasped and her breath went ragged. So engrossed was Dark Star that he lost his impeccable sense of time keeping and simply worked her the length and depth of her pussy inside and out and her clit with lips, tongue, fingers and his breath.
They'd forgotten how strong she was when her entire body spasmed and practically threw both of them off of her.
Her "fuck" was primal, guttural and it had to have been heard in the bedroom. Not that anyone here or there likely cared. A gush of sharp liquid caught Dark Star just before he was pushed away. Javi yelped as he landed to her side on the sofa. She landed heavily on her ass back on the sofa. Her body spasmed a second time and she let out a series of stuttering syllables that seemed to be words but nothing Dark Star could understand.
Her eyes finally opened and she blinked. She leaned and grabbed Javi's head and kissed him. Then she leaned forward and kissed Dark Star before she took a moment and licked his tongue and cheeks.
"Yum," she said, "we'll see what you two taste like. But."
She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Her smile was broad.
"I need a minute," she said, "then... but stand up, both of you."
They did and she pulled them closed. Both pricks made clear they'd not felt amiss at the recent actions but she traced along one then the other with that odd tongue before she held one with each hand and alternated deep and slow sucks. Each boy rubbed her shoulder nearest them. Then she kept hold of them but looked up.
"This is so much better than playing with myself," she said slowly, "and I'm so happy I didn't do those morons on Greek Row. Now, I think these are ready for what's next. Get the bottle."
Dark Star stepped sideways and retrieved from the near corner of the divan. It was lube. She stood.
"I liked what Tracy did, but I flipped a coin earlier. Javi on the bottom," she said and two quick exhales signalled agreement and Javi flopped onto the sofa and his erect shaft bounced, she crawled onto the sofa above him, "but I want you both to go in at the same time, okay?"
"I'm fine with that," Dark Star said as he moved to her rear, "but I'll need to take care of something first."
She snorted and shook her hips. He reached and caressed her ass cheek with his left hand and used his right hand to slowly extract the silver butt plug. It popped free and she bent her neck back and 'aahhed.'
He set it on the shelf near his glasses. Then he knelt on the sofa and they adjust legs. He popped the cap on the bottle and lubed his prick generously. He'd used it to masturbate plenty of times but this time, even though it was still his hand, it felt different. So much different.
"Gentlemen, places please," she announced, she rested on one elbow and used the other to inspect the placement. Once the head of one cock was at the entrance to her slit and the other placed against her rosebud she let out another hum, but this one was an essence of happiness.
"On three, go slow and do not stop," she said, "one... two..."
Each guy adjusted themselves. "Three."
They pushed. Umbra lowered herself very slowly as for the first time in her life real, flesh and blood cocks entered her body. She exhaled slowly as the cocks filled her front and rear. Dark Star grunted as he felt the pressure of her tight, so very tight, anal cavity and the pressure of his best friend's prick in its separate fleshy tunnel as they both pressed against the membranes that separated them.
She grunted and moaned but neither stopped until their pubic flesh pressed against her flesh. Three breaths were ragged and harsh. She let out a breath and kissed Javi hard then twisted her neck and Dark Star bent and kissed her.
"You two remember what you did to Tracy?" Both grunted assent. "Good. Just one thing."
"Um"s.
"When you're ready to cum, pull out and stand up. I have plans..."
Two cocks twitched in their respective flesh tunnels. Two more grunts.
"Good. Now, a demon elf with crazy hair needs to be thoroughly fucked.".
Tracy's training hadn't been extensive. But she was an excellent TA, a caring teacher and she'd made primo usage of what time she'd had on THIS subject. Dark Star and Javi quickly found the rhythm they'd used on that TA, in a position she'd apparently chosen for a specific purpose. He pulled and felt the extra tension as the head of his cock scraped past his best friend's cock as it slid in its separate passage.
So much felt the same as it had a few nights earlier, but it was so different as well. Not just Umbra's body compared to the tiny and cute Tracy, but... WHO this one was. She was their friend. And now, something more.
Her movements were jerky, the pressure and contact new to her but she settled for more deliberate motions than had their more experienced TA. And she compounded the difficulty by regularly kissing Javi with deep, sloppy kisses then twisting and requiring Dark Star to alter his movements to bend over and do the same.
Not that he minded in the least.
Javi caressed and pinched nipples that had grown until they seemed ready to burst. Dark Star caressed solid, flexing butt and back muscles covered by skin with a growing sheen of sweat. Then it took them both by surprise when their lover's body spasmed again and she let out another guttural groan. They paused.
"Dammit, go! THAT'S... what... I'm paying you for!" Her voice had affection and amusement and she shoved back and they were both buried hard into her openings and it was their turns to grunt. Dark Star pulled back and quickly added lube to his flesh missile and a deep purr as he shoved in. Javi's stroke caused a loud squelching gush and liquid covered multiple sets of thighs.
Again he lost his sense of time as every thought went to his cock and the exhilarating creature he was making love to. A second, then a third full-body tremor racked the girl's body but she simply pushed them on. Rippled muscles ran against his cock as he pumped in and out of her. He wondered about that, it was something new. But. THINK later. Feel now. But, the pressure. He'd discovered with Tracy the differences between wanking and... a real woman. But this time it was different in some other, so far undefinable way.
"Oh, hell, it's...," he remembered his warning, "I..."
Javi didn't speak but his grunt was clear.
"Out," Umbra's command voice was back, all three moaned as he withdrew quickly from her rear passage and the ring puckered quickly before it settled, then he shuffled back and stood. Umbra pulled off Javi and from her knees grabbed his hands. He shuffled and stood. She turned to sit on the sofa and faced them and grabbed each slick and goo-covered cock.
Dark Star grunted hard and Umbra missed the timing. She pulled a stream of cum from him and it hit her left cheek and splashed before she managed to pull it into her mouth, where she noisily sucked down the next gush. He concentrated as his knees threatened to give out. Sweat-clotted strands of her wildly colored hair flew as she did only marginally better with Javi before her throat worked to swallow the half of his offering not on her chin and chest. She alternated quickly until she'd drained them both. Then she pushed her mouth slowly onto Dark Star's cock and pulled back slowly as her tongue and lips massaged the flesh, then repeated it with Javi's. Then she looked up.
White jism dripped from her left cheek and chin and lips and had splashed and dribbled onto her shoulder and breasts.
"Now I bet you won't want to kiss me," she said with a twinkle in her odd eyes. Dark Star grunted and bent and did just that. He rose and Javi did likewise.
"A sec," Dark Star said and she released his cock. He licked his lips, knew he was tasting three people. And more. His cock had been... and she'd had no hesitation about what she'd done. If she didn't mind, he didn't. He grabbed the champagne bottle that was next to the TV and filled a flute that was there. He didn't know whose flute, at this point it couldn't matter. He handed it to Umbra.
She smiled and accepted it and drained it before she licked her lips. She stood and kissed each of her lovers again.
"Let's go in the bathroom, clean up," she ran her fingers along Dark Star's shaft, which was at half mast, "wipe these down. Then, if her lovers aren't already bored with her, she wants these cocks to trade places and fuck her into even more of a sodden, sweaty disgusting mess."
They slipped their arms around her and made their way to the first step to fulfilling her request.
*****
Tracy licked her lips as she pulled the bedroom door closed. This house was a hundred years old, or close to, and the interior doors weren't the modern lightweight things. No. Even these interior doors were solid hunks of wood despite the house having been chopped into three independent sections.
It made a satisfying thunk. She wanted her victims to know fear with the goddess in control.
The girl knelt on the bed. Her dark skin's coating of sweat glistened in the light from the dim side lamp. She was indeed naked. Her stomach was flat and her tits were round, firm, dark brown skin transitioned to darker areolas and perky nipples that were passages to another dimension. She was prey. Ripe. Ready. The goddess shivered.
But.
The girl's guardian. Champion. Tall. Broad. He would look good in tight leather. But he looked just fine in nothing but his skin. He stood at attention. As did a jutting shaft of flesh that quivered rhythmically with his heartbeat. The goddess considered. And, almost uniquely, allowed the brain a presence. The latter remained in its cubbyhole but... it had kept the curtain nudged aside. And watched.
"Ma'am," the champion said in a smooth voice, the dark girl on the bed licked her lips and her eyes were locked on the man's tumescent flesh, "unit naked and ready for inspection."
She stepped forward. Put a hand out and cupped his prick. Finger and thumb explored the pliable and fleshy ring of flesh underlain by steel. She felt his pulse through it. She looked sideways. The hunger on the girl's face was palpable. Delicious.
"You want this, little girl? You'll have to earn it," Tracy's voice wasn't hers. It was primal, ancient. The girl licked her lips and nodded. Tracy sniffed and squatted slightly then wrapped her hand around the shaft and followed it down as her mouth pushed over the cock. A shiver ran through the man but he held his position, his arms at his side, his back erect as she took in three-quarters of the appendage. She glanced. The girl's chest rose and fell as she panted through her mouth. Her left hand had found its way to the sublimely dark patch between her thighs.
Tracy's tongue worked against flesh and she tightened her cheeks. The man held firm. She took an age to reverse her course and at the head intentionally used teeth as she looked up. He was affected, she knew. No, the goddess knew. This was not the brain's area of expertise. But it watched. The goddess let it. And both knew this man's discipline was iron.
Tracy's fingers danced on the hard flesh as she walked around him opposite the bed. Her fingers followed and traced across his hip and found his buttock. Buttocks that would look so good in the tightest leather available. Later. She used both hands and gripped his buttocks. Ridiculously taut buttocks. He held his stance. She used her toes and slid her sneakers off then kicked first one then the other to the far corner in front of the built-in closet the width of the room. She nudged him forward then held his hips and he read it and turned to face her. She put fingertips under his chin and pulled him down and she tilted her head back. The girl on the bed exhaled sharply as she watched their lips meet.
He was good. His lips were yielding but not limp. He followed her lead as she opened their mouths and his tongue did sentry duty and insisted on a moment of identification before she was allowed entry. Tongues softly traced circles around each other and around the matched sets of lips. Those two boys in the other room could learn a few things. Not that they weren't yummy in their own way, but what had Asha said?
'It's nice now and again to have a man who knows what to do with it.' She pulled her mouth just away from his.
"At ease, soldier," she said softly, "you have the initiative."
He pushed his mouth back onto hers and his hands wrapped around her and found the bottom of her ass. He stood and pulled her off the floor and against him, his cock sandwiched vertically between their bodies. She wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his hips. Her tongue was talented, it'd been trained in the arts of war by a beautiful pirate with red hair. But it was hard put as its foe changed tactics often and left no avenue of attack untried.
Tracy surrendered a bit more initiative to open her eye and glance sideways. Dark eyes were slits as the girl bounced slightly on the bed, one hand pinched and pulled ebony nipples possibly beyond any experience they'd so far had. Still on her knees, she'd pushed her legs to a wide vee and her other hand rubbed at the shadowed space between those legs. Tracy wondered if the girl was going to bite her lower lip in half. With redoubled effort she forced the attacker to retreat far enough to quickly conclude a truce. Mouths separated and she quickly kissed a neck which had the slightest sheen of sweat. Her voice was soft but meant for three.
"I bet you think I'm a slut who fucks on the first date," Tracy said.
"Technically, this is our third date," Zee said, his voice the same volume and stated with simple clarity.
"Oh, well then, hope you don't mind the kind of girls who fuck on the third date, then," Tracy kissed his neck, "maybe you should strip me then and demonstrate to this new recruit the kind of treatment to which she'll soon be subjected."
He kissed her then shifted her and set her down.
"Off," he said to Dani, she smiled at his firm tone but she stood, "get those blankets down."
The girl obeyed as Zee grabbed the bottom of Tracy's tee and she stuck her arms straight up. But it wasn't discarded. He deftly folded it and moved almost too fast for her to notice, set it on the dresser to his left next to two other piles, then had her bra quickly off and in another moment pushed her jeans and underwear to the floor. She stepped out of them. They all ended up folded in their proper place.
"Socks on," she said, he snorted and picked her up under the arms and put her on the bed. Then he easily cupped her left breast and sucked almost its entirety into his mouth as his tongue flicked against a nipple that threatened to pop. He brutally attacked the other one next as Tracy held the back of his head and breathed noisily. She mewled when he released her tit but was pushed onto her back.
"Oh... ah...," she knew she should show strength for the girl's sake but. She bucked her hips and strained her back but the punishment continued. She moaned.
'It's nice now and again to have a man who knows what to do with it.' She loved her virgins, her rookies, her power over them. But, this. She felt it building.
"Aahh," then her syllable devolved into something non-verbal, pre-human as the climax wracked her body. Even then he drove her on and an instant later her whole body shuddered. She pressed his head with all of her strength as her back arched despite his pressure to hold her down.
After another moment he eased his pressure and her body shook one last time before she dropped flat and quivered. He was on his knees and straightened. He helped Tracy sit up and her breathing was ragged and choppy. She put her arms around his neck and kissed him, tasted her tangy cunt juices. They broke the kiss and both looked up at Dani, who stood open-mouthed and panting, the fingers of her left hand danced in her crotch. But now they were tentative.
"Do you want to see what else a man does to a woman?" Tracy asked her student. Dani nodded.
Zee stood quickly and picked Tracy up and turned her and jumped onto the bed. She slid and splayed her legs wide and looked him in the eyes. He nodded. She smiled and grabbed his cock as he placed himself over her and between her legs. She half-screamed when he drove himself fully into her body, hot liquids gushed, forced out by the intruder that filled her to her limit.
"Don... don't worry," Tracy looked sideways, "we'll work you up to that."
Dani's open mouth morphed from an 'O' to a smile. Zee pulled back quickly but his second stroke was slow and Tracy's hands went to his ass as he reached full depth.
She'd been gone, delirious. Despite the full concentration of the goddess being elsewhere, the brain had retreated to its cubbyhole, the curtain pulled completely down and across.
He'd had to arch his back to kiss her and alternated that with various speeds and angles of penetration. He'd not minded when she'd used her fingers on her own clit to drive her to further heights as her body shuddered a few times as they built to her climax. Right after that she had no idea how she'd had the concentration for it but she'd had Zee pull out just before and kneel over her and she'd guided the girl's hand to the extremely gooey cock to cover Tracy's stomach and her small tits with a pleasing amount of white, sticky man juice. Tracy sat up and she kissed Zee hard but then she turned and grabbed Dani and kissed her. The girl was surprised but adjusted after a moment.
"Now," Tracy said with a slight shake in her voice, "we're going to put your mouth to work. Do you need his cock cleaned off?"
She hadn't needed. She'd put her glasses on the side table while Tracy put the man on his back and with the teacher on one side she'd guided the rookie through her first blowjob. They'd shared cleaning duties, licking off the plentiful juices Tracy's pussy had covered it with. Tracy had been impressed. The girl hadn't gotten more than half in but she'd quickly worked out a smooth motion. Zee rubbed both of their sweat-covered backs and encouraged her.
Like her boy friends, she was wicked smart and a diligent student at what any of them put their minds to. In this case, sucking cock.
Dani's left hand was wrapped around the shaft of the cock. Tracy had quickly taught her that trick, for guys without Zee's immense self control to prevent them shoving it all in which could result in, as Tracy phrased it, unpleasant results. Dani had laughed. But she'd understood.
"The graduate course teaches some tricks," Tracy had said as Dani had gone back to work on her fully erect target, "to deal with any size that might come along."
She'd almost swallowed the first shot when she'd brought him to orgasm, but his second had come more quickly than she'd anticipated and caught her. She lifted her head quickly with a hard cough that sprayed half of the cum back onto his crotch at the same time his next spasm caught her on the lips and chin.
Tracy slid quickly and helped her sit up and slapped her on the back, another few drops hit his flesh just above the main thatch of his not blond but not brown pubic hair. He slid and half rolled, reached the tissue box on the side table and quickly reached Dani.
"Oh, god, sorry---," she started.
"Stop it," Tracy said as Zee caressed the dark girl's back, "hey, it's sex! Fluids, noises, smells! Goo happens!"
Dani bit her lower lip again before she smiled. Then Tracy kissed her, then licked a few bits of cum. Then Tracy looked at Zee and wagged her head. He smiled.
Zee jumped to his feet and grabbed the dark girl under the arms. She yelped again as he spun her. She was almost exactly halfway between Tracy and Umbra in height and her figure was gentle curves but he handled her as if she was filled with helium. He set her on the edge of the bed and kissed her. After a moment she put her arms around his neck. Then he broke the kiss.
"Assume the position, private," the NCO's tone brooked no dissent, she squealed and dropped onto her back. She caressed his head and neck as his fingers worked her dark pussy and sucked first one nipple then the second into his mouth, unlike with Tracy he couldn't quite fit the whole breast in.
Tracy replaced his mouth on the trainee's tits with hers when the sarge placed himself between her legs. Dani initially rubbed the back of each neck as Tracy sucked nipples and kissed along the girl's chest and shoulders and neck and finally her lips. This was the territory of the goddess and she enjoyed the nervous tics of the victim whose erogenous zones she and her sergeant attacked with gusto.
Then practically every muscle in their victim's body locked in spasm as she screamed into Tracy's mouth and her back arched. Zee's mouth stayed in place as his strong arms cradled her lower body and moved with her convulsions. Ripples flared across her lithe body as Tracy lifted her head, the smile of an evil and pleased goddess on her face. Finally the girl went absolutely limp, her breath taken and released in ragged gulps.
"Ah... oh... uh...," but Tracy put her fingers on the girl's lips.
"Just enjoy," Tracy's voice was soft but firm, "breathe. You're not done."
"Done for, maybe," the girl croaked, her eyes still closed. Tracy and Zee snorted. They caressed thighs and breasts and shoulders for some time before their victim's eyelids fluttered and slid her elbows back to lift her head and shoulders to look at her antagonists.
"Is that all you've got? You two done for?" Her manner was brave, foolhardy even. Zee looked at Tracy.
"Permission to fuck her to death, Lieutenant?" Zee's voice was his NCO best.
"Granted, sergeant, I expect no less," she slid off the bed and he again picked the girl up. She crawled back on the bed as he crawled between her legs and positioned himself. She reached into her crotch.
"No lube needed, she's ready," Tracy announced, "let the execution begin."
Dani snorted as Tracy grabbed the cock and pulled him. She put him into place and rose on his arms. She pulled a pillow and placed it and looked down her body at the intruder that was about to violate her.
Tracy guided him forward as he pushed into the young woman's body at a deliberative pace and Tracy's fingers danced on a clit that was much smaller than her taller roommate's and even Tracy's. After he'd hit a dozen strokes he pushed to full depth and she jerked. Her eyes closed and once again her breath became rough with crackling sounds in her chest as the NCO did his best to obey his commanding officer and fuck the freshly-deflowered virgin to death.
Not that she seemed ready to fight her fate. She imitated her tutor and wrapped her longer legs around her lover's hips and held his shoulders. Tracy stuck her head in a couple of times and sucked hard on a desperate nipple and used her fingers on the tiny but viciously erect clit. Again, her body stiffened and her breathing made clear that her resistance was at an end.
The girl was a screamer. Tracy smiled at a glance from the man whose cock impaled, and had done so for some time, the girl with fast and deep thrusts. He slowed, then pushed one more time and held at full depth as her body again convulsed and she let out a long and loud jagged moan and legs dropped and splayed either side of the man on the bed. After a moment he pulled back and pushed in again and she jumped before her body went limp.
"Come here," Tracy nudged him and he pulled out and he and Tracy moved the limp girl toward the wall, then she pulled him onto his back between her and the girl, "that looks painful, let me take care of it."
It was a double bed, three people would be tight but Tracy was petite and flexible. She grabbed the cock and sucked hard on it and pushed the entirety of it into her mouth and throat and held it. Dani's head on her pillow tilted slightly and although her body stayed limp her eyes opened wide at the sight. Tracy sucked hard and fast and Zee's hips bucked hard and the TA's throat worked as she swallowed his third load in rapid succession.
It wasn't only his physique that was a match for Leather Boy but also his stamina. That he had a third load was one thing, that she had to put in some effort to swallow it was... impressive.
With the attention of the goddess fully on the yummy, yummy cum that flowed down Tracy's throat and the incredibly hard and wonderful prick that produced it, the brain did something almost unprecedented at such times. It emerged fully from its cubbyhole and put forth a single thought.
'Wedding.'
The cubbyhole curtain flew as the brain's retreat past it neared light speed. Tracy coughed slightly as the goddess dealt the thought a rapid blow with her baseball bat as her other target's retreat had been successful.
But she dealt it only a single blow.
Tracy pulled her mouth off with a slight cough with the thought it would hopefully be easily excused by what she'd just done and she simply adjusted her body to lie alongside the man. He welcomed her kiss before her twisted his head and kissed the girl who he'd not, quite, managed to fuck entirely to death.
"I need the... bathroom," Dani said softly, hint of an apology. Tracy snorted quickly.
"Me too," Tracy said, "and, I think there's more champagne. Let's annoy those perverts out there and get some. And I need to give them more bedding. Three's the limit in here."
She caught eyes with Zee. It had been a question couched as a statement. He smiled.
"I was in the army," he said, "I can sleep anywhere. But if it's this or alone in my dumpy apartment?"
He grinned. Then he kissed her and she accepted it. Tracy stood and he followed and they pulled Dani to her feet on shaky legs and steadied her for a moment.
"Whoa," she said with a laugh. Tracy left her in Zee's care and pulled the door open.
"We're coming out," she announced, "you three better be naked and fucking or I'm going to be very pissed off!"
A deep laugh was the response. Tracy led the trio out to whatever horrors were there to be seen and Dani inhaled quickly. Javi twisted his head to look at them from where he sat on the sofa, Umbra's eyes caught those of the three intruders and while she kept looking at them pushed her mouth to fully engulf the dark boy's cock. She rested on one elbow and her other arm reached under her own body and there was a soft humming noise from that general region as her body jumped as Dark Star pumped his hips and fucked her from behind.
"Don't mind us," Dark Star said with a grunt since Umbra's mouth was full, "we'll be done in a sec." He pulled back and readied his next stroke to three snorts.
The Maze
"Hey, Tracy," she heard the voice from a distance and she stopped in the open double doorway, "do you have a second?"
She looked into the room. She couldn't see all of the workstations but from the volume it appeared a fair crowd today. Jiang sat at the central table reading but noticed her and looked up. Tracy looked to the side then back at him. He looked around and shrugged and gave her a thumbs up.
"Hey, hi, Cherise," Tracy said after a slight pause, "you've changed your hair. Growing it out?"
The taller girl smiled. Tracy looked at her clothes, compared the view to the first meeting. It wasn't a Vogue quality pantsuit like in the cafeteria, but the blouse under the stylish open coat and her slacks reminded Tracy of the kinds of clothes Asha was always on her about buying. This girl was taller than Tracy but they shared slender figures with few curves and unlike the oversized sweater at their first meeting, these clothes were fitted to her shape, casual but... elegant. Damn, Asha HAD gotten in her head, where's the goddess and her baseball bat?
"Lydia suggested it, showed me a picture of it and I think it'll look good, I don't like having long hair but this is nicer than what I had and not that long but it'll take a bit more time to get there, she told me her friend Marsha always had the hairdo."
"Marsha?" Tracy said but Cherise's smile just broadened and she nodded. "Uh, okay, but, I need to..."
Tracy pointed into the room.
"This'll be quick. My English professor, Dr. Padilla, really liked my essay about you and Asha. And since this is the week before Thanksgiving week, this week is the anniversary of the... uh, event, the campus paper is going to print my essay on Monday for Thanksgiving week special edition."
Tracy felt the hitch in the left side of her jaw catch, an annoying aftereffect of that 'event.' Well, of the beating that was part of it and left her with a broken jaw and cheek and eye socket. But Cherise seemed to have barely noticed.
"And can I ask you a favor?" Cherise practically beamed at her as she spoke. The trapdoor opened slightly and the goddess peeked out.
"Uh," Tracy muttered, "what do you need?"
"Can you come to the Maze on Friday? 7 p.m.?"
The Maze. Well, it wasn't a maze, it was a scenic area next to the dorms that the Uni had carefully preserved as the campus had filled out around it. It was covered with trees and hedges and had concrete and gravel paths that wound through it and offered benches and cul-de-sacs. It had through the years been a problematic area once the sun had gone down, no sight lines and the heavy vegetation that created heavy shadows despite light poles made it a prime area for ne'er-do-wells to waylay unsuspecting students. That it was also handy for amorous couples who lacked cars or understanding roommates who'd 'go for a walk or play pinball or something,' which fit many dorm residents, meant that generations of students were always of the opinion that the area should 'remain a bit of nature in a sea of concrete and steel.'
"The... what? Why?" Tracy's brain had been pushed aside often in the last few weeks when freshmen students asked for favors... and for a change it desperately wished that this would be another such case. But the sound of a trapdoor slamming closed and a bolt being shoved home made it clear the goddess wasn't coming near this one.
The attributes that made the Maze attractive had also made it the perfect stage for Jed Miller's brutal attack on one Tracy Turnbull. And despite five years having passed the only change had been the addition of a few more light poles. Which, if anything, had somehow made the shadows deeper. That the fight itself and everyone's injuries hadn't actually happened there was something known only to four people, but only three of them still had brains. Tracy had to keep it that way, the other two were not people to be crossed, even if they were dear friends.
"Lydia wants us to take some pictures, use special film to show the scene with its shadows and all that," Cherise's mood was excited, "like, a re-enactment! Like they do on news shows! And then she says we'll go for 'coffee and cake,' Lydia can be so funny!"
Oh, this weird little chick and that very, very, very weird fucking bitch Lynch. What the fuck was that Associate Fucking Dean playing at? Tracy's mind raced. She was about to use some variation of 'no, no fucking goddam way, you stupid skinny cunt,' when her brain froze her at the 'no.'
Cherise started to react but Tracy spoke quickly.
"Did you say Marsha a minute ago, Cherise?"
"Uh... yeah. Lydia's gir... , uh, friend," the taller girl smiled, "of hers from long time ago. Died or something. Apparently I kinda look like her."
'Marsha.' Tall. Thin. Brunette. Never been touched by a man... The way Tracy had seen Lynch push her chest out. Just like a certain redhead. That she seemed to have... knowledge she shouldn't have. That she paid attention to Tracy who was simply one out of a few thousand anonymous grad students. That woman's fashion sense that had gone from 'middle aged frump' to excessively complimentary and barely this side of professionally decorous for a voluptuous figure she'd always had but had previously worked hard to hide and downplay. A Marie Antoinette gown and getting boys... virgins probably? sucking on her tits. In public. Just like a certain redhead.
And a trail of brain damaged virgin boys. Including the two tit suckers.
And 'coffee and cake.' Who the hell says THAT?
Tracy's mind returned to a grassy plain, the monoliths of Stonehenge silent but proud and imposing in front of her and Asha. And a couple of frames of cheap film that Leather Boy had humored her about, but he'd done his magic in the dark room and there had been... something on them. He and Devil Girl had found invisible alien spaceships, so what else could he find... it wasn't only in bed that he was good.
"Ok, Cherise," Tracy said, "I'll be there."
Cherise broke into a huge smile. "Thank you so much, Tracy!" The girl practically skipped away from here toward the exit.
'She hates me but if anyone's going to take me down, she'll want it to be her. No one else,' Asha had said. But. What was Tracy in it all? Oh. 'How can you not catch fleas when you lie with curs?'
A voice shook her out of her shock. She turned, it was Jiang.
"Hey, Tracy," he pointed at his watch and nodded to a student who stood next to him. Shit. Think. Settle. Normalcy. Good. Embrace it! She nodded and walked quickly into the room. Do something ridiculously normal like tutor students in calculus and computers and THEN worry about these... other things
It was dark. Unlike that night five years earlier it wasn't bitterly cold. It had even been a clear, unusually warm day and the moonless night promised temperatures only just below freezing. Any other time, Tracy would've savored such a day in late November. She'd never lost her enjoyment of Thanksgiving despite having spent that first one less than week after the fight in the hospital fending off a fucking bitch reporter and wishing her jaw HAD been wired shut so it would've been easier to answer with an upraised middle finger. But she had been limited to liquids so instead of turkey she'd dined on chocolate milk shakes! And some sort of... goo packets in various 'flavors' the nurses had obviously never tried or they wouldn't have told her they were 'such taste treats!'
And now she was again in the Maze. Because of another fucking bitch reporter. And an Associate Dean who wasn't what the world thought she was and had somehow recruited a cadre of lesbian freshgirls. Or had the paranoia that Tracy had always tried to keep at bay finally forced its way through her defenses?
She was attentive. She had a flashlight which was big enough to use as a club. But if it came to that, her backpack had something even better. As Zee had offered that first day, they'd gone to the shooting range, something she'd not done since high school. She'd asked to take home a .32 calibre semi-automatic, claiming she wanted to refamiliarize herself with pistols. Once she'd disassembled and reassembled it while looking him in the eyes, he'd laughed but agreed. A .32 wasn't for big game or long distance, but wielded competently for close range against unprotected targets...
She looked at her watch. 6:57. She neared the spot where Jed had been found, but stayed far enough to be in a circle of dim light. She was alone. Good. She'd told her Polychroe quartet that she was going to be with Zee, had told him she was going to be with Asha, had told the pirate she and Zee were doing some refresher 'training' on Dani.
That girl hadn't, yet, succeeded in seducing the walking marble statue Gerald to wrap her in his arms that were practically the size of her waist and ravish her until she screamed. But she HAD found some other boys who weren't so resistant to her combination of sweet and sexy cuteness. That one of them had been limp as a dead fish, as had been Tracy's actor so long ago, had required Tracy to put in some effort to reassure the girl. Sure enough, the next one had indeed restored her confidence and allowed her some diligent training.
Another 'cousin' of Umbra's had come to town, Tracy had been gobsmacked when she'd recognized the woman named Maggie, that they'd met once a few years back. Apparently the two cousins had challenged each other to a night of sexual one-upwomanship that had more or less driven Javi and Dark Star and a couple of guys who were old lovers of Maggie's to near-total exhaustion.
That girl would be pulling her train as soon as Dani could line up twenty some frat guys. Although at this rate, Umbra might build up her own stable and not need them but apparently Cindy from Zeta House had gotten wind of Umbra's boast and had gone back herself and added two more guys to her own record. It seemed she'd not go down without a fight, but Tracy was confident Cindy had no idea what was about to hit her.
But those were the good things in her life and Tracy tried to hold them as the bad ones crowded onto the scene. She looked at her watch. 7:03. Good. I'm fucking off outta here, she concluded, when she heard laughter.
Female laughter. She growled in her throat. Voices. But not many. Then, footsteps. And. Heels? That distinct sound of women's footwear...
Lydia Lynch came around a corner with two young women. One was Cherise. Tracy didn't know the other one, who carried a large soft side case. A long strap held the cub reporter's tape recorder slung over her shoulder.
And. The last one. It was the young woman who'd sat near her and Asha in the cafeteria that day. Her hair cut shorter than it had been... like how Cherise was apparently growing hers...
Oh, goddamn this bitch, Tracy thought. The three women quit talking and the two younger ones smiled broadly when they saw Tracy. Lynch's expression was... the same one she'd seen on a grassy plain.
"Ah, so good of you to revisit terrible memories, Tracy," Lynch said, "but this will all be so helpful to these two and all of the younger students."
'Save it for the naive dykes, Doc,' Tracy just avoided saying. Instead her mouth went to a tight, closed-mouth smile. Lynch had the same heels that Tracy had seen in that field, although this time the woman had panty hose or stockings, to keep the chill at bay. Instead of a coat she had a large shawl but it was the dress.
"Hi, Tracy," Cherise said brightly to interrupt Tracy's stare, "this is my friend Nancy."
Nancy gave her a nod and a look that was equal parts guilt and shyness. Tracy sniffed. Both young women were in dark slacks like Tracy had recently seen Cherise wear a few days ago and had dressy coats. Where did they get the money? And this equipment? From the Uni's media lab?
Lynch's dress. Knee length, button front, well-fitted, green. With little red flowers. Tracy's mouth went tighter. Her left jaw joint popped. She winced slightly. The two young women had busied themselves with setting up video gear, a tripod and Cherise wielded a handheld spotlight from the bag the other one had brought to guide them. But Lynch smiled at Tracy's wince, clearly enjoying her pain.
"So why are we doing this, Lynch?" Tracy tried to keep her tone neutral but knew it was uneven. The other two were engrossed in their preparations and chattered happily. Lynch's expression went more clearly predatory. If Tracy's supposition was accurate, this 'woman' was dangerous. No, more than that. Deadly. Beautiful, sensual, amoral, deadly. The petite grad student shuffled back slightly. Asha was physically strong, stronger by far than Tracy and the equal of any male the redhead's size or even bigger, her brother beyond that. Asha hadn't said more, but Aron had talked a bit to Tracy and he'd said their strength was a feature of the siblings and their twisted genetics and hadn't been shared by their parents. So whatever was going to happen, it wasn't likely to be a direct physical confrontation.
But that had been THEN. Was that still the case NOW?
"There have been some unfortunate accidents around the campus lately," Lynch said and Tracy snorted, "I think this little exercise will bring attention to students needing to be more careful."
"Accidents? Caused by suffocation being squeezed between big tits Or a white wig? A car down a ravine?" Tracy hoped her sarcasm came through.
"Perhaps we have too many freshmen being led into lives of moral depravity by graduate students," Lynch said smoothly, "and unethical alumnae. It might also be time to document the full story behind the encounter of one Jed Miller and one Tracy Turnbull."
Tracy glared at the older woman's hard smile.
"Ah. And if only it were so simple as just the story of the gangbanger and the girl," Lynch continued, "such bravery, the lone girl, tiny, young, fighting for her virtue and her life."
Tracy chuckled and shook her head at Lynch's tone on 'virtue.' Ironically, Tracy still had it on the fateful night. As it had been the guidestone for Asha's desire for Tracy, so had it been the lure for that man. As it would've been to the... creature standing in front of her.
"But that's not the full story, is it, Miss Turnbull?"
"We're almost ready, Lydia, final checks," Cherise called over to the pair.
Tracy was happy for the interruption. Her eyes darted. She had little doubt she could outrun these three. As well, she needed only reach behind and slide a zipper a few inches and she'd have the .32. But that was an overreaction. For now.
She knew she was right about what had been going on. So. Run. Convince Asha. Aron was coming to town next week. Let them deal with this... whatever she was. Three choices. She knew these paths well. She turned slowly, hoped she just looked like she was thinking when she heard footsteps. She twisted to look over her left shoulder, her planned egress.
There was someone standing in the middle of the path, just at the shadow. She turned to look past Lynch. Again, another person. She squinted slightly.
"Is that Martin?" Tracy's voice was strained. She'd known fear. She also knew that you had to make sure that it saw the baseball bat in your hand. She couldn't let it have the bat.
Lynch turned and looked at the young man, then back. His face was shadowy, his eyes were open, but his face seemed otherwise blank.
"Such a sweet boy," Lynch said, "not one that you were able to ruin."
Fuck. Fuckity fuckity fuck. Tracy took a deep and slow breath and shuffled to the edge of the path and tried to keep both boys and Lynch in easy view. Could they run? What the hell WERE they? This had never been... mentioned. She showed her fear the baseball bat her brain had borrowed from the goddess, who was happy to let someone else deal with THIS. Tracy spoke slowly and softly.
"What do you really want, Janet? Just to get back at your daughter for killing you? But more, how? Even at Stonehenge at the solstice you couldn't take anyone."
Lynch's eyes tightened and her feral smile turned to a momentary glare and even a flash of something went across that face before her mask reformed. Tracy blinked. Was that... sadness? Grief?
"How, my morsel? There were two of us. Combined..."
Tracy looked at her. Yes, there was grief in that expression. Then it was gone. Fred. She'd... they'd... what, 'combined?'
Tracy left that to later when she heard something beyond the two girls fussing with gear. She glanced that way, saw nothing, but as her eyes came back she saw a glint. Her mouth hung open as a man pushed a gurney along the path. There was a body, no, not a body but a man, covered to his neck on the gurney.
"You're not serious, Lynch? That's Jed Miller," Tracy said as her head turned to glare at the older woman then at the gurney. Miller's form was inert, as it had been for five years. He was still tall, over six feet, but it appeared the body under the blanket was shrunken, shriveled. The face was gaunt and the eyes closed. Then she registered the person pushing the gurney.
"That's that Greg guy, crashed his car," Tracy hissed and took an unconscious step back as her gaze did a circuit from him to the man on the gurney to Lynch, "what the fuck? He's in a coma... all of them."
Lynch's smile had turned truly predatory.
"You think Asha is your friend," Lynch said, "you know so little. You, your little friends you've perverted... she'll just use you all up. Like she used Jed Miller up. And your poor student Brent. It's what... her kind does."
"YOU'RE her kind," Tracy said sharply and Nancy turned quickly to look but Lynch smiled and she went back to her work. Tracy was happy that these two little bitches were apparently rookies with that gear. Which meant Lynch likely didn't have a whole mass of acolytes to work with. Victor wasn't here. Was that because of Cherise? Or because he had two broken legs? Tracy didn't care, three zombies were three too many.
"But Brent's fine. Probably get a B, but quite a few are worse. Well, except for the fact his girlfriend is a cat who fucks him up the ass with a strap-on."
"You kids are disgusting. But, yes, but I'm more than her. This man," Lynch gestured at the unmoving Miller, "was a witness. An interview with him would be illuminating, would it not?"
Tracy blinked rapidly. "An interview? With him? He's... there's nothing in there, no one. Hasn't said a word since..." Tracy hissed.
"But I wasn't the one asking, now, was I?"
Tracy's mind raced. Could this whore do that? Had they... her, Asha, done anything illegal? "He attacked us, you crazy body-stealing bitch. We didn't do anything illegal."
"Not my area of expertise, not a lawyer," Lynch waved dismissively, "but there's illegal and there's... you have heard rumors of aliens in secret satellites, have you not? I believe secretive three-letter agencies might be very interested in Asha's, oh, shall we call them capabilities?"
Tracy's breath caught. This lunatic didn't want to kill Asha. Likely wouldn't kill Tracy. No. This was worse. Unmarked vans and secret labs. Tracy looked. Greg had stepped back to the edge of the shadow. Cherise stood in front of the gurney with a little microphone connected to her recorder as Nancy looked through the camera at her. Were those two lunatics or... Tracy glanced quickly at Martin. Were they just like him? The others?
"But if you expose Asha as some sort of... what? What about YOU? Her mother. Janet Washington, Hollywood agent to the stars."
"Testing, testing, one, two three," Tracy just heard Cherise's voice before the girl manipulated the recorder and her voice was replayed in tinny tones.
"Janet Washington died with her husband Fred almost a decade ago, my dear. There was an investigation, funerals... I'm Dr. Lydia Lynch, Associate Dean of Student Services with a history here longer than that. BA, University of Washington, MBA, UCLA and my doctorate in Psychology from Stony Brook, SUNY. Other than deeply caring about my students, current and former, I have no connection to one Asha Washington, nor her brother Aron, and their unfortunate parents. But, maybe, the publicity will cause officialdom to look more closely into certain... events around the untimely demise of those parents."
"They... YOU, were killers," Tracy snapped in a low and harsh voice.
"Is that what she's told you?" Lynch waved. "Do they look dead?"
"Uh, they probably wish they were," Tracy said. Lynch shook her head.
"There are more things in heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy," Tracy's eyes squinted at the quote. But she couldn't argue. She also felt something... a tickle in her brain.
"We're ready, Lydia," Cherise called, "sorry it took so long. We should've come here to practice, the light is really strange in here."
"Thank you, dear girl, that's quite all right. Come, Miss Turnbull, it's time for you to reacquaint yourself with this dear man that you treated so harshly."
Baseball bat time. Her brain wielded it against the fear that was trying to force its way in and against that... tickle.
"Go fuck yourself, Janet, and your little dykes and your zombies. And that 'dear man' raped and almost killed my friend. And was going to rape and kill me. So fuck him too. I'm leaving and calling security. You must've snuck these guys out of the hospital. And Jed! No way they'll ignore that."
"Tsk, tsk, such a mouth. Well, I'm not surprised, considering where you're willing to put it and what you'll do with it. But."
Tracy backed up another step as the three zombies all came at her with strange gaits but at the speeds of fast walks. Her arm bent around her body and she grabbed the zipper.
"Hey, Tracy, you over there?"
The zombies slowed and stumbled before they righted themselves and stopped and wavered. Lynch turned and squinted into the darkness from beyond where Martin had stood. Zee strode into the light.
"Ah, there you are, teach," he stopped a few feet from Lynch and looked around, "man, if I'd known going to Uni was this wild I'd've never bothered with the army to get some adventure in my life. You people know how to throw a party around here."
Lynch glared at him. Tracy took a step but the zombies all shuffled. She stopped. Zee tilted his head slightly and looked at Tracy when she spoke.
"What are you doing here, Zee?"
"You forget," his voice was light but Tracy detected the wariness, "I'm not one of your freshmen. After your story, I just assumed you had another hot guy on the side. I wanted to meet him."
He held his hands out from his hips and his palms faced Tracy and Lynch. He gave Tracy the smile that made him so cute... she kicked herself. Later! If there was a later.
"Little did I know it was... one, two, three, and a guy on a stretcher! But I'm insulted, picking Martin over me?"
He twisted and winked a right eye that was just out of Lynch's line of sight. Tracy shrugged.
"Hey, you know me, virgins. More the merrier."
"Just like you told me at the Pie, about your other boyfriends. All of them. But, hey, can I join the orgy?"
Lynch glared at him. Cherise had wandered closer and held her microphone in front of her. Nancy had turned the video camera to follow.
"Kenny Zabriskie," Lynch purred and she pointed at Miller, "one of our non-traditional students. We're so proud of our veterans. Do you think your girlfriend is a sweet, young lady? After what she did to that man?"
"No, Dr. Lynch, I don't waste my time with sweet young ladies. There's plenty of guys, like, oh, Greg over there, who can have them. Just like any girl wants a sweet guy won't be hanging with me. And she deserves a medal, what she did to him."
Tracy snorted and Lynch glared, she didn't know as much as she thought she did but his sister had never been a Uni student and as Zee related the story her death hadn't even merited more than a passing mention in a terse article a decade ago about overdoses. His stance was light, ready to dart in any direction and his body moved slightly so he regularly inspected every angle of access to their intersection without being obvious at it and scanned across Lynch and the zombies. After Stonehenge Asha had taught her that trick which was the only reason she noticed.
Army brat indeed. She smiled. The fear wasn't gone but it was on the back foot.
Tracy wondered what would happen if she tried to rush between the zombies? There were gaps. One would take her right toward Lynch. Not good.
"Hey, Martin," Tracy said, "and you're... Henry, right? And you, Greg? How you gys been?"
Lynch's unhappiness continued but she looked strained. The zombies offered no reaction, just stared in Tracy's general direction but didn't seem to focus on her. Was it purely Lynch? Were they just puppets?
"Hey, Cherise," Tracy said and the girl jumped but twisted to look, Lynch turned toward the girl, "what the hell did Dr. Lynch tell you about us doing tonight? About me and that... man? That you'd find out the 'truth?'"
"Ah, but this cute, little, petite brunette is so honest," Lynch said smoothly, "did she tell you the truth about Stonehenge?"
"What truth?" Tracy said sharply.
"Cherry Powell," Lynch said and waved to indicate the Valley, "a girl who was born and grew up out there. Got a bullet in her brain."
"Quite the friends she hung out with, they shot her. Not us. You could've told us about the invisible death cooties, Lynch. No, Cherise, her name is really Janet. Oh hell, I don't know what her name really is. Can humans even pronounce it?"
Cherise's brows furrowed and she mouthed a 'what?' She looked at Lynch and Tracy. Zee offered Tracy an appraising look.
"Hey, there's the party," it was an odd voice from the shadows to Tracy's left, a voice that shouldn't exist but did, "there they are!"
Multiple other voices laughed and a whoop was heard. Most heads turned to look in the direction of the sounds. The zombies continued their thousand yard stares around Tracy.
Tights. The girl had nothing but tights that truly fit the word from her waist down. Well, and her high top sneakers. And a tight white thermal undershirt, her large nipples obvious as the unbuttoned jacket flaps bounced with as she led her posse to a stop. The girl was amazingly resistant to the cold, as resistant as her nipples were responsive.
"Hey, Tracy! Zee! And...," she went quiet and did that subsonic hum that Tracy felt. So weird.
"Oh, hey, that's Martin," Dark Star stopped alongside Umbra, "Martin, you okay?"
Martin didn't respond. Cherise and Nancy were wide-eyed. The latter had left the camera and stood alongside the other 'reporter.'
More people crowded around Umbra and Dark Star. Tracy recognized two of them, but the others... Zee and the two leaders nodded at each other.
"Hey, Tracy, Zee," Javi turned sideways and gestured to two older guys with his skin tone but taller and broader, "these are my brothers, that's Esteban and Luis. And the runt is our cousin, Miguel."
The runt who was at least four inches over six feet and almost as broad as Gerald raised a hand.
"Buenas noches, Tracy, my cousin tells me you're his favorite teacher," Miguel's accent was a bit stronger than Javi's and his voice was friendly, "strange place for a party, si?"
Tracy pushed between Martin and Greg with a shudder but neither moved. She saw a look of deep concentration on Lynch's face but continued on and walked past the confused Cherise and Nancy. The latter finally reacted when Tracy poked at the video camera until she popped it open and pulled the cassette.
"Uh, hey," Nancy said. Tracy simply glared at the girl as she approached her and nudged her aside. She grabbed the recorder, hit stop and then ejected the tape.
"I'll have these," she spoke harshly at first but then softened, "come see me, I'll give you a story you can really write, what happened at Stonehenge that day."
Cherise's eyes went wide. What, the girl would've been fourteen? It'd been worldwide news and she'd known what the news had reported, but the involvement of two American chicks had never been publicized and she and Asha had given their usual cover story that day in the cafeteria.
"But you can't tell Dr. Lynch. Got it?" Cherise's eyes flashed between the petite TA and her apparent mentor.
"But she's... helped us so much...," Tracy glared at the girl and she went silent.
"What's the story with him? How?" Tracy pointed at Jed.
"She... um..."
"How?" Both girls were taller than Tracy but they jumped at her sharp tone.
"There's an ambulance, waiting. Bribed the driver and an orderly."
"Okay, you, Nancy, go wheel him back. NOW!" The girl nodded at her and she walked quickly to the gurney, hit the lock and pushed. Lynch's anger was clear but she stayed silent. Zee and the Polychrome posse had neared and traded jokes but maintained a loose arc.
"Hey, Javi," Tracy said and he nodded at her, "you brought the whole family tonight."
"Oh, yeah, celebration night. Asha's got them the money they need and Miguel's gonna start building in the spring. Gotta knock down what's there, they'll do that unless it's a really bad winter. Gonna buy us all dinner!"
"Screw winter, chavo," the big man said, "we'll be there with sledgehammers Monday after Thanksgiving. I've never built anything near as wild as Jeremy's designed, so trust me, we're doing it."
"About Martin, those other boys," Tracy said to Cherise, "how?"
"I... don't know. Never seen them."
"Except in the campus paper," Cherise winced, "you know she did that to them."
"Huh? They're..."
"And Victor. She did that to Victor."
Cherise stared at Tracy.
"It's what she does. I bet she fucked him and... left him to wander. Why he got hit."
"She...," Cherise looked at Lynch, then back at Tracy, "she... wouldn't."
"Ask her. Ask her directly. And see that one? Greg? His fiancé's in her office."
Cherise's expression was anguished and her mouth moved without making sounds. Zee and Miguel had approached and were shaking hands, Tracy overheard something like 'your unit?'
"Lydia...," Tracy nudged them forward, "Lydia, did you... Victor?"
"What have I done?" Lynch's voice was harsh, angry. "What have YOU done, TA? Depraved behavior with your students... violation of University rules."
Umbra hummed again. Conversations went silent.
"Depraved? With whom, Dean Lynch? We haven't seen anything like that. Your office should have Tracy's nomination for 'TA of the month.'"
"We all signed it," Dani added, her voice airy lightness alongside her roommate, "whole class, even most of the students in the other sections. Except poor Martin there."
"I can have all of you expelled," Lynch said but uncertainty had edged into her voice.
"Sure," Umbra said, "let's put it all on the table. And have those boys in the room."
Lynch glared at the girl, her face as usual surrounded by hair that shouldn't exist.
"I know what you are," Lynch said and Umbra smiled and offered another rumbled hum, "freak."
Dani and Dark Star and Javi all tensed at that. The latter's brothers reacted to his obvious anger by squaring up behind him, as did Miguel. Zee caught the big guy's eyes, they traded nods, and Zee sidled to create a cordon.
"Ah, I get called worse than that every other day."
Then Umbra uttered a quick phrase but in a language Tracy had never heard. Well, it seemed like a language. Everyone except the zombies looked at her in confusion.
Except Lynch. Who grew angrier and her body tensed.
Three zombies dropped to the ground as Lynch and Umbra glared at each other.
After a moment, Lynch let out a long, slow breath and looked away from Umbra and at Tracy and Cherise. Nancy had returned but stood near where the gurney had been.
"Come, dear Cherise. These are not people worth spending time on," Lynch took a few steps and put her hand on the cub reporter's cheek. The girl blinked.
"Victor...," she said in a slow and thick voice.
"He was never right for you," Lynch pulled her hand back and strode quickly away, walked past Nancy and into the darkness.
"No," Tracy said as Zee and Miguel reacted immediately, "where's she going to go?"
Zee snorted but he walked up and stood in front of Tracy, locked eyes. After a moment she wrapped her arms around him and a tremor shook her entire body. He held her close as Umbra led her posse and they split up to check on the three figures collapsed on the ground. Cherise walked over and stood shakily next to Nancy.
"Okay, now THIS is a hell of a crowd," Asha walked out of the shadow on the same path that Umbra's crew had entered from, "why is everyone in this god forsaken hellhole? And why the fuck did I have a message to come here? I have better things to do tonight, involves a nice a big, hard cock."
She looked down. "And... what the hell?"
"They're alive," Luis said as his fingers checked neck pulses, "but can't say more."
Tracy separated herself from Zee and walked over and slid her arm around her best friend's waist. An arm went around her shoulders.
"Good news, I'm not paranoid and insane," Tracy said.
"Says you," Asha kissed the top of Tracy's head.
"Bad news, about your parents, you won't like it," Tracy said, "but it can wait 'til tomorrow. Right now, we need to get those poor boys back to the hospital. Then I need something very, very alcoholic. And I hear someone's buying dinner tonight."
*****
I hope you've enjoyed my little tale and that it touched you in the right, and maybe some wrong, places. If you're interested in how Asha and Tracy met and their past adventures, those events are related in the beginning of the series, "You Promised Me Geeks," and its sequels "You Promised Me Geeks: Asha & Tracy," and "You Promised Me Geeks: UK Summer." All are here on Literotica in the NonHuman category.
You might also be interested in "City of Angels," here in Erotic Horror. But I'll let you, my readers, suss out the connection.
And related to all of these are my "Mel's Universe" stories, all of which can be found by going to myPennameWombat Literoticapage and which fall across any number of categories here. My Biography link provides a thorough rundown of the stories and a recommended order of reading. But beyond "Mel's Universe," I have my Mermaid Tales and a variety of one-offs and other tales.
Thank you!