'How about that afternoon?' Derek said as he leant back sipping at his beer. The restaurant was again abuzz with activity.
'I know. It was great.' Amy said as she picked at the last of her dinner pushing a few peas around the plate.
'I'm sure it was for you. If I remember correctly, we were to be in the same room.'
'I know but I thought that was only for the opposite sex.' Amy replied with a mischievous grin.
'I see. You think you've found a loophole.'
'If you want to do it with a guy go for it. I watched Tiffany applying soothing cream to Crystal's pussy. I kind of got aroused.' Amy coyly confessed.
Derek gave Amy a smirk. 'You never really said what happened. Who was that I tasted on your lips?'
'That would be a bit of Tiffany and a bit of Crystal.'
'Hmm. You were busy.' Derek said. 'I wouldn't mind tasting them first hand.'
'I don't know if I should let you.' Amy said giving up on her peas and leant back in her chair. 'Mind you, I don't think it would be very hard to entice Crystal. That girl is incorrigible.'
'I think she may be a sex addict.'
'I wouldn't know. Until today I didn't know women could squirt.' Amy confessed.
'What who squirted!' Derek blurted out.
'Quiet!' Amy said looking around to make sure no one in the restaurant had heard. 'I'll tell you later.'
'You better tell me.'
'You're not going to last.' Amy said as she lay on her back with her knees bent, while Derek slowly slid his cock into her. 'You'll cum as soon as I start describing the way Tiffany was fingering Crystal. Her finger slipping deep into her slippery cunt. Her moaning filling the room.'
Amy continued to tell of her encounter as Derek kept his strokes slow and deliberate as his long cock filling her. Amy finding it hard to concentrate. Derek stopped on several occasions as he tried to pace himself, allowing Amy to gather her thoughts as Derek kissed and nibbled her neck.
'Tiffany came just after she squirted my chest.' Amy said. 'The gush of her juices covering me. I was soaked in her fluids that ran down and soaked my pubes.'
Derek pace increased and he came hard. Stiffening and with one final thrust, she felt his warm cum fill her pussy as he groaned.
She stopped talking and let him rest on her. 'How about you clean out my pussy.' Amy said thinking back to the image of David and Crystal. David's face coated in his own jizz as he growled out Crystal.
'I would rather not.' He said as Amy laughed.
'Should have seen your face.'
'Ha, ha.'
'You came too soon. I didn't get to Tiffany fingering my arse.'
'You can save that for another time.' Derek said as he hugged her before rolling off.
Amy noticed all the usual characters were present as well as couple of new guest. She quickly looked around the pool to see if Jonathan was present. They had not seen him since the face slap. 'It must have hurt more than she thought.'
Some middle aged couples had arrived and appeared to be new to the scene. Amy thought back to when they first arrived and wondered if she looked the same. Eyes wide and rapidly turning her head back and forth as they watched the early morning activities. They appeared to have been travelling together as the ladies chatted, pointing out what was going on. Their husbands just sat back with silly grins.
Amy looked at her watch and sure enough Maggi and Pete arrived. Amy removed her towels from the adjacent lounges as they approached. 'I saved your seats. It's getting busy.'
'Thankyou sweetie.' Pete said and Amy giggled.
Derek laughed to himself as he watched Amy fawning over Pete, offering to rub some sun lotion on his back, to which Maggi gave a questioning look.
'Did you enjoy yesterday afternoon, Maggi?' Derek asked.
'Yes. Very much. This sweet thing is a bit of a fire cracker,' Maggi said referring to Amy.
'Yeah, Maggi told me all about it.' Pete said as he appeared to be looking at Amy differently.
'She always surprises me.' Derek said lovingly.
'Honey, there's your boyfriend. Going to play with yourself?' Pete said as he teased her while John and his group arrived, taking their customary spot.
'I don't know.' Maggi said ignoring his jibe and politely waved to them.
'Amy I might take you up on your previous offer. This sun is quite intense today.' Pete said and he turned to lie on his stomach.
The sun was actually more subdued Derek noted. The light covering of clouds had kept the morning temperature slightly lower. Amy didn't care as she jumped up and began applying sun screen to his back.
Amy wasn't really concerned with his back, she wanted his cock.
She had never had sex in public in all her life. Her mind raced as she thought about what she was planning to do. 'What if he rejects me?' She thought. She had a vision of him fucking her arse. She had worn her butt plug all morning in preparation. 'What if she can't take his cock?' Her mind continuing to race.
Derek watched. Full aware of her plans. He noticed Maggi appeared to have an inkling but lay back relaxed, happy to let whatever play out.
Amy was now massaging Pete's arse cheeks and thighs. She saw his balls and made sure she brushed them repeatedly. Pete reacted by spreading his legs further so she took the plunge, grabbing his scrotum and gently massaging his ball.
'Honey turn over.' Maggi said without a quam 'Help the girl out. She is obviously more interested in your cock.'
Pete without hesitation turned onto his back. His erection pointing straight up. Wrapping her hand around his shaft she stroked his uncircumcised penis while the other hand fondled his balls.
'We don't want this to get sun burnt.' She felt his cock swell further, her mind again racing as she again questioned her ability to take it up her arse. She now worried about the crowd. Looking around she found most people carrying on as usual.
Derek saw her facial expression change. 'This is it.' He thought. 'Fight or flight.'
Amy swallowed hard and took the plunge. 'Pete fuck me up the arse will you.' Amy blurted out before she had a chance to chicken out.
Peter hesitated for a moment. 'Are you sure?'
'Yep. Go for it.' Amy said mustering all the bravado she could muster trying to sound like she did this every day.
'You be gentle! Pete,' Maggi warned.
'Of course honey.' Pete said.
Derek watched Amy with no hesitation apply a huge dollop of lubricant she produced from somewhere and position herself over Pete's rigid cock.
Amy spread her cheeks and rested the tip of his cock against the arsehole. Pausing for a moment before lowering her arsehole over the head. She felt a burning sensation as her arsehole spread, stretching further than her butt plug. The sensation was no worse than the first time she inserted her butt plug so feeling confident lowered herself another inch before rising again.
Each stroke getting lower and lower. The initial discomfort quickly passed and was now riding Pete's cock in earnest. Her hand stroking herself as Pete reamed her arse. Amy looked over at Derek and found him stoking himself and gave him a wicked grin.
'She is full of surprises.' Maggi said as she too played with herself. Maggi caught the attention of John and beckoned him over. Watching his already erect cock bounce, as he crossed the pool area with Tiffany in toe.
Tiffany again looked magnificent. Her straightened hair swaying gently as she glided across the deck. Derek felt his cock harden further as she approached. He felt a pang of guilt as he thought how much he wanted to fuck her. One look across at Amy as she rode another man's cock quickly dispelled that feeling. Letting go of his cock for fear of coming right away he sat back and tried to relax as he watched his wife being fucked up the arse.
Tiffany sat beside him and wrapped her hand around his cock. 'I've wanted to have a bit of this for awhile.'
His balls contracted with his cock tensing immediately. Using every ounce of control he fought the urge to cum but a glob of pre-cum oozed out.
Amy enjoyed the sensation as she felt herself closing in on her orgasm. Her arse now accustomed to Pete's girth she rode him with total abandonment. She inserted two fingers and massaged her g-spot as she slid up and down his cock.
Looking to her right she found Maggi busy sucking Johns cock and Derek having his cock stroked by Tiffany.
That was all it took for Amy to orgasm. Her intense orgasm causing her to squirt, liquid gushed over his cock and balls, soaking Pete's towel. Wave after wave of orgasm washed over her body. She didn't even feel Pete fill her arse with his cum. Slumping forward, his spent dick popping free of her arse.
Amy lay across Pete's chest, his heart pounding as he recovered and watched as Maggi now on all fours, having her pussy pounded by John's impressive member. John had a hold of Maggi's hips and the audible slap of his balls rang out as he drove his cock hard into her pussy.
'Harder John. Harder.' Maggi ordered as John grunted with each thrust.
'Take it.' John grunted and continued to plunder her eager pussy.
'Yes, yes, yes. Fuck me. Fill my cunt.' Maggi screamed as she hung onto the chair, her knuckles white as it rocked from the onslaught.
John obligingly roared and thrust one last time hard into her pussy. His balls contracting with each load of hot cum as it filled her cunt before overflowing, cum dribbling down his balls.
Maggi collapsed forward, leaving Johns twitching cock dripping with cum.
Almost on cue it was Tiffany and Derek's turn. Tiffany climbed onto his cock. Amy could tell he was already extremely aroused. His cock twitching as he waited for Tiffany to lower herself onto him.
'Thankyou Pete.' Amy said. 'I might go join my husband.'
She received a smile from Pete as she stood and made her way to Derek.
Tiffany, in a reverse cowgirl position rode Derek hard. The sun lounge jumping as she rode. Amy knelt in and began to lick Derek's balls and moving up to Tiffany's clit. Tiffany pressed Amy's head in harder as she enjoyed her husband cock.
Amy sensed Derek was not going to last much longer and felt his muscles contract as he fill Tiffany's pussy. Amy continued to suck her clit and she came almost instantaneously. Amy lapped up tiffany's juices and Derek's cum as it dribbled from her pussy. When his cock popped free she devoured it as she tasted a mixture of Tiffany and Derek. While sucking his cock clean she looked up to see him grinning with his eyes closed.
Releasing his cock she moved up kissing him hard on the mouth. Derek kissed back, tasting his own cum for the first time. He didn't care as Amy lay on him, her arse still oozing Pete's come, both contented.
'Thankyou Maggi,' John said.
'No. Thank you. My you have a lovely dick. You are a lucky girl.' Maggi said to Tiffany.
'I know.' Tiffany said and was about to also thank Derek but he and Amy were still kissing so they just returned to their seats.
'Hey, you pair.' Pete said. 'Hello.'
'Don't bother. I think they are in their own little world. Are you okay now?' Maggi said.
'What do you mean?' Pete indignantly replied.
'I thought we may have need an ambulance.'
'Pish posh. I think I may be getting old.'
'You are old.' Maggi stated. 'Amy! Derek!' Maggi tried again, this time with better success. 'We're going to grab some lunch. Want to join us?'
Amy and Derek looked at each other. 'No I think we'll rest here for a while.'
'Okay. Thanks again for a wonderful morning. You've now joined the club.' Maggi said.
'What club?' Amy asked.
'You are now exhibitionists. Careful it can be addictive,' and they walked away.
Derek and Amy cuddled and dozed beside the pool. Amy's arse was still tingling as cum began to dry. 'This is not the greatest feeling I've ever had,' she thought squirming a little.
'You okay. Does your arse hurt?' Derek asked. 'Now there's a question you don't use every day.'
'No my arse is surprisingly fine. With some practise even you may get the opportunity.' Amy whispered seductively.
'Don't tease me.'
'You never know but my issue is the cum is drying.' Amy said frankly.
'That's sexy... NOT. ' Derek said. 'No one ever talks about the after effects.'
'Exactly, Mister.' Amy chastised.
'What? It's not my cum.'
'Not this time. You fill me up with your cum. Then roll over and go to sleep. I spend the rest of the night oozing your spunk. Lying in a wet patch. Do you wash the sheets? No you don't.'
Derek shrugged his shoulders and gave her a silly smile. 'What can I do?'
'Come on I'm going for a shower.' Amy said sitting up and began to collect her things.
'Hi guys,' they heard and turned to see Abby. 'I see you've booked your free massage, Derek. I've been looking forward to it.'
'So have I, I've been feeling a little tense lately. The old wife keep nagging at me about doing the laundry.' Derek said.
'Oh, don't worry. I'll loosen everything.'
'You've been busy lately. We've been trying to book you for days.' Said Amy.
'The resort is crazy busy, but tomorrow you are mine.' Abbey said and leant in. 'Remember you owe me a load of you cum. Make sure you save yourself.' She added looking to Amy.
'Don't you worry. He will save himself for you and you alone.' Amy promised giving Abbie a wicked wink.
'You're a sweet woman, Amy.' And she kissed her on the lips, lingering, the kiss continuing before slowly releasing. The tips of their tongue the last to separate. 'Till tomorrow.' Abby said and blew Derek a kiss.
'What no sex till tomorrow afternoon.' Complained Derek.
'Oh you can have sex but no cumming. Let's go before I get to crusty.'
Derek followed Amy into the shower helping her to clean herself. As he nibbled her neck he ran his hands over her soapy body. His erection pressing against her hairy pussy. His hands reached her arse and he easily slipped his finger into her arsehole. His cock now rubbing against her clit. He lightly bit her neck as he inserted a second finger. She swooned as an orgasm washed over her like the water of the shower. Derek supporting her as she recovered and slipped his cock into her pussy.
'Ease it up fella.' Amy said as she stepped back. 'Remember your saving yourself for Abby.'
'Jeez what about this!' Derek said as Amy stepped from the shower flicking off the hot water. The sudden chill causing Derek to shriek.
'Here that might help.' She mocked as she strutted off with a devilish grin. 'And no touching yourself. If I catch you you're in trouble.' She grabbed a towel and exited the bathroom. 'This is going to be fun,' she thought as she devised other ways to tease Derek for the next twenty-four hours.
Derek lay on his towel in the shade of a palm. He had progressively moved to follow the shade as the sun crossed the sky. The afternoon had heated up and it appeared in the hot weather the beach is the location of choice. They were pleased to have arrived before the rush. Derek thought how nice it would be to have a bungalow with a private pool right now.
There was a distinct hustle and bustle taking place on the beach today. Derek noted all the usual pool patrons were beaching it this afternoon. 'This will be interesting,' he thought.
'He watched as what seemed like an endless stream of people wandered along the water's edge. Some were just strolling but others search for a place to sit.
Amy noticed Maggi and Pete searching the beach for a spot and frantically waved them over. They gladly accepted, joining them and laying out their towels.
'It's crazy here today.' Amy said.
'It sometimes gets like this.' Pete said.
'I have a bone to pick with you, young lady.' Maggi said sternly to Amy.
'I'm sorry.' Amy instinctively replied. 'What did I do?'
'Pete is now obsessed with anal sex, thanks to you. My arse will never be safe again.'
'Oh, there was a reason for that.' Amy confessed with her eyes downcast sheepishly. 'You see I'm not on the pill.' Amy confessed.
'You came to this resort and you're not on the pill.' Maggi said.
'Well, we thought this was a nudist resort. You know, naked people sitting around talking politics and the like.'
'This is definitely not your typical resort.' Pete said.
'Yes, we have noticed that.' Derek said. 'It's so much better. You see I've had a vasectomy so we haven't used contraception for about ten years. I didn't know Amy planned on having sex with everyone.'
'Hey!' Amy said with indignation. 'I have only had two dicks in me this trip. Pete and yours. By the way Maggi. John's dick. What was it like?'
'It definitely fills you up. It was magnificent. I would really love to try David's cock. It looks so thick. That would stretch my pussy good.' Maggi said.
'Mmm. That it would.' Amy replied and they two of them gaze longingly in silence.
'Nothing like your wife dreaming about another man's cock, hey.' Derek said. 'I never thought I would get turned on watching my wife being fucked by another man.'
'Yes, it can be arousing.' Pete said as he ran his hand along Maggi's thigh and teased her pussy.
'So that was your first public sex act?' Maggi said.
'Yep. That was the wildest thing we have ever done.' Amy confessed. 'So what the wildest thing you've done?'
'Oh jeez,' Maggi said and looked to Pete as they ran their life through their minds.
'What about that first swingers club.' Pete said to Maggi and she burst out laughing.
'Sounds like a good story,' Derek said.
'Do tell.' Amy said leaning forward in anticipation.
Maggi and Pete looked at each other. Maggi silently asking for permission.
'Go on. I can laugh about it now.' Pete said.
'Okay. We had just begun to experiment with this sort of lifestyle. Anyway, after some research we found a swinger's club locally and made some enquires.' Maggi began explaining as they relaxed and listened intently. 'Well we were invited to one of their get togethers, as they referred to them as. The sent us the details and we spent the week in preparation.'
...Maggi and Pete made their way up the front path. The house looked like any other house in the street. A typical suburban home. Maggi looked at the piece of paper for the third time since they had arrived. They had sat in the car for at least fifteen minutes as they contemplated whether or not to get out.
'God, I hope this is the right place.' Maggi said.
'This is going to be embarrassing if it's not.' Pete said as he remembered Maggi's outfit she had on under her coat.
They were instructed to wear lingerie or something sexy. Maggi wore her finest lingerie. Half cut bra and crotch less panties. She figured go hard or go home. Pete simply wore his g string undies.
Unaware of how they should arrive, they figured a long coat till they reached the door then enter in their chosen outfits.
Approaching the door, they removed their coats. Folding them over their arms and Pete rang the doorbell. 'God, I hope this is the right address.' Maggi thought.
The door swung open and the instant sound of music and chatter greeted them. Also before them stood a tall blonde middle aged women. She was topless with a pair of the shortest shorts Maggi had ever seen.
'Maggi and Pete, I assume.' The lady said. 'My name Elli. Come in, come in.'
Elli guided them into the lounge room. 'Let me take your coats. We were taking bets on whether you would come. A lot of people don't show. Some sit in the car before chickening out.'
They awkwardly stood to the side of your typical loungeroom. A group of about ten people stood with drinks and chatting. A few looked them up and down.
Elli returned and called the groups attention. 'I would like to introduce Maggi and Pete. We can add their names to the bowl.' She said and dropped a slip of paper into a bowl shaped like a pair of breasts. 'Now you two get a drink and mingle. Relax, have fun.'
Maggi and Pete drank and spent time meeting the other guests. It was like any other party, except for the attire, that appeared to reduce as the drinks flowed as the night moved on.
Maggi could not shake the thought that with each new gentleman she met she was being evaluated. She too assessed them thinking if she wanted to sleep with him. She looked at Pete and knew he was evaluating the ladies as well.
As she took in the couples she was decidedly happy with the mix of gentlemen. The majority looked athletic, a few of them were overweight. One with a tiny dick, but as a whole, they were acceptable.
The ladies were of a similar mix. Maggi knew it was to be the luck of the draw.
They continued to drink and as the night wore on they loosened up and began to enjoy themselves.
Elli again called the group to order. 'Folks, Bernice is feeling a little horny...'
'She's always horny.' Someone said and they all laughed.
'She has seen all the fine cocks here tonight and would like to start the proceedings. So, if the ladies would like to come up and select a name from the booby bowl. Bernice, you can go first.'
Bernice placed her hand into the bowl, swirled it around and pulled it out. Unfolding the paper, she read out. 'Chuck!'
'An fit looking guy stepped forward, taking her hand and led her to a nearby sofa and Bernice leapt onto his lap as she devoured him, aggressively kissing.
One by one the women selected their lover for the night. Pete felt a slight twinge as Maggi stepped forward pulled out a piece of paper and cautiously read out 'Dion.'
An olive-skinned Latin man in his thirties stepped forward. Pete saw Maggi grin as she looked him up and down, showing her approval.
Pete was surveying the room as he evaluated the potential ladies remaining when he heard his name called out. Turning to see who had selected him he found a large lady with huge sagging breasts. Pete remembered meeting Ethel and her husband earlier in the evening. Her husband, Fred, was a scrawny little man. Maggi had quietly commented on his pencil thin dick. Derek suspected the reason they were here was he didn't want to fuck his wife so he wanted someone else to do it for him. It turned out to be Derek who would be doing it for him.
Normally the man went forward collecting his lady. Ethel instead ran grabbing Pete's hand and escorting him to a spare sofa.
Ethel plonked herself down and spread her legs. Pulling back her fat, Pete got a slight glimpse of a hairy pussy. There was not going to be any foreplay, Pete thankfully thought. His next issue was his lack of erection. He frantically jerked trying to get himself hard so he could get this over and done with. He looked over towards Maggi, and saw Dion delicately licking her pussy. As he watched his penis stirred.
'What are you waiting for stud. Momma wants some cock.' Ethel blurted out and Pete got a whiff of her cigarette breath.
Pete could look past Ethel and watch Maggi. 'I'm just putting on a condom.'
'Well hurry up lover. Can't you see I'm wet for ya!' And she pulled another roll of fat clear and Pete saw her unshaven pussy.
Pete contemplated putting another three condoms. As he pressed forward barely entering her pussy. He thrust as he watched Maggi, now riding Dion's cock. Her face etched with passion. Pete pumped, imagining it was him fucking her. His cock sliding deep into her sweet pussy. He shot his load quickly and left Ethel a little disappointed.
'Sorry. Must be your feminine beauty.' He said and she huffed off. He removed the condom, throwing it into a bin supplied and took a seat. Some had finished and were sitting together as they watched the remainder of guest make love. Pete noted Ethel and Fred leave. Fred had been selected by an attractive young girl in her late twenties, who was not looking overly satisfied. He contemplated going over to help her out but was not to certain what the etiquette was...
'I came so hard that night.' Maggi said stroking Pete's cock. 'What they say about Latin lovers is true.'
'Pete lost that night.' Amy said.
'We never returned. Pete said it was not worth the risk of being drawn by her again. That's when we made the agreement that we both had to agree on the partner.' Maggi said
'We laugh about it now. But trust me it's not worth it.' Pete said as Maggi fondled his balls and stroked.
'I've been making it up to him ever since.' Maggi said and she lowering her mouth over his cock.
'Oh, yes.' Pete moaned.
'Derek's cock swelled as they he watched Maggi orally pleasure Pete only feet away. Reaching out he fondled Maggi's breasts and began to stroke himself.
His hand was quickly slapped away from his dick. 'Stop that mister.' Amy said and she began to slowly stroke as Maggi continued. Amy felt Derek's dick throbbing as Pete orgasmed, filling Maggi's mouth. Maggi expertly swallowed every drop.
Amy released her hold on Derek's cock leaving it twitching against his stomach. She felt a little guilty as she continued to tease him but rationalised it by thinking how good it will be once he finally goes.
'She blows me every time after we tell that story. I don't know if it is guilt or she's remembering Dion that gets her hot.' Pete said as Maggi simply grinned.
'You will never know.' Maggi teased.
'Have you ever been to another swinger's club?' Amy asked.
'No.' Maggi said. 'We like to select our partners now.'
'What about that beach.' Pete said. 'You didn't select any of them.'
'Well, yes, that was only once.' Maggi said.
'Go on tell us.' Amy pleaded.
'You're going to think I'm some sort of slut.' Maggi protested.
'They already know that honey.' Pete teased. 'Tell the story.'
Maggi reluctantly agreed. 'We were told of this beach where you can watch some action in the dunes...'
The beach was found at the end of a long steep path leading from a makeshift sandy carpark. Maggi and Pete trudged along building up a good sweat as they went.
'This had better be good.' Maggi said. 'Why are nude beaches difficult to get to?'
'The guy said this beach is wicked.'
'The guy. How do you know this guy?'
'He is friends with the beer delivery guy at the local bar.'
'That seems legit.' Maggi said sceptically.
'Worst that could happen is we have a nice day at the beach.'
Breaking free of the seaside brush they stepped out onto the beach and were thankfully greeted with a cooling breeze.
'See this is nice.' Pete said as a pair of young fit guys strolled past, their cocks swinging as they walked.
Maggi grinned as she unashamedly ogled them. 'Yes, this is a good start. Come on let's get naked and take a dip.'
They set up towards the eastern end of the beach. This is where 'the guy' told Pete where the action took place. 'Of an afternoon, likeminded people would congregate in the dunes at the eastern end of the beach.' He had said it was a mixed bag. He said anything could happen.
They were both eager to see what was on offer in the dunes but were content at present to watch the passing parade of fellow nudists. Maggi noticed that most women were clean shaven. She looked down, taking in her bushy mound. It was not unkempt but it almost looked out of place around all the smooth pussies.
'It's alright. I love your bush.' Pete said noticing her self-evaluation.
'You just love pussy.'
'Tis true, but yours is the best.'
'Is it time yet?' Maggi impatiently asked.
'Come on. Let's take a look.'
Jumping up, Maggi fought the urge to run as she battled to maintaining an air of calmness, while her mind raced. Her excitement only grew as they climbed the sand dune. 'Over this dune would be all sorts of sexual debauchery.' Maggi thought as her pussy tingled in anticipation.
They reached the top and both paused, taking in the scene.
The place was empty. 'This is the right place?' Maggi asked.
'Supposed to be. The guy...'
'Maybe the guy, is an idiot.'
A couple of guys passed them holding hands and said hello as they continued to the next row of dunes.
'That looks promising.' Pete said as they followed.
Again they crested to next row of dunes and the scene before them was a complete opposite.
Groups of people were scattered around the dunes. Sexual acts of all kinds taking place.
To their left, they saw a girl being fucked doggy style with another cock in her mouth. Men and women standing around masturbating as they watched, some men ejaculating.
The walked on and passed a couple of guys. One riding his friends cock. This was a male only crowd all feverishly jerking off.
They continued and came to a pair of ladies in a sixty-nine. Pete's cock was now erect and they paused to watch as Maggi stoked his cock.
Pete reached behind and squeezed her arse before slowly rubbed the rim of her arsehole. The crowd of both men and women watched intently. Maggi's arousal grew and grew with her eventually dropping to her knees to take Pete in her mouth.
She was then surprised to see another cock appear next to her. Astonishing herself she reached out and stroked it as she continued to suck her husband's dick. A third appeared then a fourth. The fourth being a long thick uncircumcised cock. She immediately turned her attention to it and took as much as she could before continuing to rotate through the available cocks.
Derek moved in behind and bent her over. Driving his cock into her dripping pussy. He had never felt her so wet.
As he thrust his cock into her, he watched as she serviced four men with her mouth. Derek couldn't last another minute and emptied himself into Maggi's pussy. As soon as he pulled out another cock was ready to fill the void. Each one unloading into her overflowing cunt.
The fifth load was delivered by the thick uncircumcised cock. Her cunt now slick with cum still struggled to take his girth. As each man finished he quietly moved away...
'I never saw their faces. I only received their cum.' Maggi said.
Amy was playing with herself as Maggi told her story, shuddered to orgasm. Derek had his hand slapped away from his cock numerous times. His cock now swollen, the head purple and engorged.
Amy feared he may hurt something. 'Can a cock explode?' She thought.
'Wow.' Derek said. 'What a story. That's all true.'
'No word of a lie.' Pete said. 'It was one of the most intense experiences of my life.'
'I think I leaked cum for days.' Maggi said.
'I think I need a drink.' Amy said. 'Sweetie, get me one will you. Might let you calm down a little while you're gone.' She said to Derek.
Pete accompanied Derek as the headed for the bar. 'Is everything alright?' Maggi asked once they were out of earshot.
'Yeah, why do you ask?'
'I noticed Derek's not allowed to masturbate.'
'Oh that. Funny story.' Amy said and explained the massage and what was planned for tomorrow.
'Is there anything I can do to help?' Maggi asked.
'Oh no. You've done enough already. I'm just worried he may hurt himself. Poor thing.'
Amy awoke, again before Derek. She noticed his erection. 'Poor thing just needs release.' She thought. Looking at the clock she saw it was nine thirty. 'Half an hour till the masseuse arrives.'
Jumping out of bed she went in for a shower to freshen up. She felt Derek come up behind her. His erection sliding between her arse cheeks. 'Don't blow it now big boy. Abbey will be here any moment now.'
'God, I need to cum.' He said as he continued sliding his cock between her cheeks.
'You will soon enough. Now wash up.' Amy demanded before adding. 'And leave yourself alone.'
Amy was relaxing with a cup of tea as Derek stood at the counter when a resounding knock at the door echoed through the room.
'I'll get it.' Amy chirped as she stood.
Derek was in the process of making his coffee when Abbey entered the room. He was expecting her professional look of White smock, hair in a bun with the black rim glasses. As he poured his coffee he looked up and found Abbey standing naked, her straight hair falling loosely down her back, the tips flicking her firm arse cheeks.
His cup overflowed as he stared. 'Cups full. Derek.' Abbey said with a lilt.
Derek looked at the mess and began to clean it up. His attention always returning to Abbey as she quietly spoke with Amy. The two of them occasionally giggling.
Derek rounded the counter to join the girls. 'I see you're ready for your massage.' Amy said grabbing his erection.
'Can I set up your massage table for you?' he said as he searched the room for it.
'No, it's fine.' Abby said. 'You weren't actually expecting a massage, were you?'
Derek looked at Abby then Amy and back to Abby.
'The only thing I want is your cock.' Abby said as she grabbed the back of his head, pulling him in and kissing him hard.
'Amy tells me you've been a good boy and saved yourself for me.' Abby said as she circled him looking him up and down. 'But I wonder. Are you ready for release?'
'I am. Please I am.' Derek pleaded.
'What do you think Amy? I think maybe he should watch me pleasure you first.' Abbey then pulled Amy close and kissed her and allowed her to fall onto the bed.
'You sit over there and watch.' Abby demanded. 'And no being naughty.'
Abby moved over next to Amy and began massaging her thighs. Lifting her right leg, she slide her hands up he leg and brushed her pussy. Amy moaned with her touch.
Abby then retreated continuing to knead her muscles. Lowering her leg, she then raised the other and massaged towards her pussy, again brushing softly against her pubic mound, soliciting another moan of pleasure.
Sitting Amy up, Abby sat in behind and oiled up her breasts. With both hands, she kneaded her breasts. Her nipples hardening as Amy turn her head and their lips met in a passionate kiss. Their tongues dancing together. Abby then come around and they knelt facing each other on the bed. The pair never breaking their kiss. Amy began to run her hands over Abby's breasts. They kissed and ran their hand over every inch of each other body. The kiss broke when Amy moved in rubbing her erect nipples against Abby's breasts. Their two oily bodies sliding together in a dance of seduction as their hands continued exploring each other. Their tongues again locking in another passionate kiss.
Abby now lowered Amy to the bed as they kissed. Applying more oil to her breasts and oiling the remainder of her body. Surreptitiously brushing her pussy as her hands passed. Amy writhed as Abby's expert hands worked over her body. A sigh escaped Amy's lips, each time she made contact with her pussy.
Amy slightly spread her legs as Abby intensified her attention to her aching pussy. Applying another generous amount of oil Abby gently rubbing her inner thigh, teasing her as she barely brushed her lips.
Derek saw Amy's swollen clit pocking free. His own cock throbbed with anticipation. Precum oozing from the head of his cock. It took all the willpower he could muster not to jerk off then and there.
Amy looked across at Derek, her eyes half closed, desire written across her face. Abby had brushed her pussy again and her eyes closed as she let out moan as her back arched.
Amy's pussy burnt with desire. Abby was expertly teasing her. She felt her clit twitch with ever touch from Abby's expert hands.
Spreading her legs further she felt her hand slide up her pussy, her finger nudging her clit causing a jolt of electricity through her body. Amy now writhing enthusiastically as she enjoyed Abby erotic touch.
Abby locked eyes with Amy and leant in kissing her. Their tongues flicking each other's while Abby rapidly flicked her fingers across Amy's pussy. Amy placed her hand over Abby's pressing her fingers in harder against her clit as she screamed with pleasure.
Amy was steadily building to an earthshattering orgasm. Abby pulled away suddenly with a wicked grin. Amy's clit pulsed hard as though it was beckoning Abby's touch.
Amy realised what Derek had experienced for the last day. Looking over she saw him intently watching, his knuckle white as he gripped the arm of the chair. The head of his cock glistening from pre-cum as is dribbled down his shaft.
'Don't even think about it.' Abby whispered seeing Amy looking at Derek's cock. 'That cock is mine.' And she delicately brushed her clit again.'
Amy wanted her touch. She wanted it more than anything she had ever desired. She needed it. Abby smiled as she knelt beside her.
Amy's prays were answered when Abby lowered her tongue to her pleading pussy. Slowly she lapped at Amy's outer lips using slow and deliberate strokes as she avoided her clit. The whole-time Amy's moans corresponding with ever touch as her hip moved in sympathy. Her clit twitching.
Abby continued with slow strokes mixed with the occasional fluttering of her tongue across her clit to which Amy swore. 'Oh fuck... Yes.'
Amy again was building to her orgasm. She wanted release.
Abby slid two fingers into Amy pussy while continuing her slow and deliberate oral pleasuring. Amy's moans now cries of utter passion.
Amy cried once more as Abby slipped a third finger in and still methodically servicing her swollen clit nearing the precipice, when Abby again moved away. 'Oh... You, fucking tease.'
Abby smiled before again kissing her, Amy tasting her own pussy juice.
She then turned and lowered her pussy over Amy's face in a sixty-nine. Amy eagerly lapped at Abby's dripping pussy heading straight for the clit. Drinking in her juice as she flicked at Abby's pussy.
Abby's method remained slow and methodical as she continued to lap at Amy's twitching clit. Abby's pussy grinding into Amy's face and her moans escalated. Abby herself, building to orgasm. With no warning she pulled away, raising herself off Amy. 'You don't get my orgasm. That's for you husband and again Amy tasted herself as they kissed.
Turning Amy over she raised her arse and began to pleasure her arsehole. Abby, with a practised technique inserted two fingered into Amy's pussy. Her thumb then sliding deep into her arse while the other hand frantically worked her clit.
'Do you want to cum?' Abby asked.
'Yeeessss.' Amy moaned.
'Do you want to cum?' she repeated.
'Fuck! Let me cum.' Amy said as an intense orgasm built up stronger and stronger. All her senses now focused inwardly as the pressure exploded, as mammoth orgasm enveloped her.
Derek watched as his wife orgasmed. Spurts of fluid gushing as she tensed, silent for what seemed like eternity before she collapsed forward. Motionless. Moments later the only sign of life from her was a cry of 'FUCK!'
Abby licked her fingers as she smiled at Derek.
Amy shakily sat up. Her legs still weak. Beckoning Derek over, Amy kissed him and said, 'I've warmed her up. You can finish her off.'
Derek was guided to his back. 'Derek, you look a little over stimulated. We better go slow.' Abby said.
All Derek wanted was to cum. He suspected her could blow with a single touch.
'You will not orgasm before me. Or there will be consequences.' Abby ordered and she lowered her tongue to his rigid cock. With a slow careful lick, she cleaned off his pre-cum as she ran her tongue around the head of his throbbing cock. Derek moaned and felt his pc muscle contract violently and he let out a cry of pleasure.
'My, we are aroused. Perhaps you should service my needs first.' Abby said as she straddled his chest and slide forward smothering him with her pussy. Her slow methodical demeanour had vanished. She now wanted to be fucked. She was no longer making love, she was fulfilling her primal urges.
Spreading her pussy wide, she lowered herself onto Derek's face, his tongue plunging deep, followed by the sucking of her clit. Derek sucked hard and flicked the tip of her clit with his tongue.
Abby bucked wildly. A spray of expletives filled the room. Derek felt her orgasm building but as with Amy, pulled away, ordering Derek to fuck her. Sliding backwards down his chest and stomach, leaving a trail of her juices as she went he felt her warm pussy touch the tip of his cock. His cock twitched. 'I'm not going to last long.' he thought. He didn't care the only thing he want was release. For the last twenty-four hours Amy had teased him. The pressure had built and he was ready to blow.
Abby lowered herself onto his long cock. Not stopping till she hit his base.
'Oh God!' Derek moaned as he through his head back.
Abby sliding forward before again lowering herself again forcefully. 'Are you going to fill my cunt?'
'Oh yes.'
'I have not orgasmed yet.'
'Oh, fuck it.' Derek screamed and drove his cock hard into Abby's pussy. Shooting his load. Derek felt as though the head of cock was ripping open as stream after stream of his cum gushed into Abby. His balls contracting as he unloaded all he had.
Amy watched Derek relax lifeless onto the bed. She had never seen him cum so hard. Squeaks and moans accompanying his thrusts.
'Derek, you were warned.' Abby said. 'I think you can orally pleasure me now.' And she quickly positioned her pussy over Derek's face.
Amy watched as cum oozed from Abby's pussy. Derek lapped at her pussy, his face now smeared with his own cum. Abby again held her pussy wide open as she ground against Derek's tongue. Derek didn't appear to mind at all. Amy watched as her husband servicing another woman and lowered her mouth over his cum soaked cock, eager to taste some of that cum for herself.
Abby was bucking wildly, her orgasm building. Her hands now pulling Derek's face hard against her pussy and with one last scream of 'YES!' She orgasmed and continued to grind against Derek's tongue.
After several moments of silence, Derek said, 'I still haven't gotten my massage. Amy on the other hand got two.'
Amy had finished cleaning Derek's dick, smiled. 'Two of the best massages ever. I believe I will leave a favourable comment on the comment card.'
'Look at you, Derek.' Abby said. 'Face covered in your own cum.'
'Isn't it fucking hot.' Amy said as she dove in kissing him and devouring his face.
'Thank you Derek and Amy. If you want another massage just call.'
'I would love one but.' Amy said. 'Sadly, we leave tomorrow. This afternoon is our last time here.'
'I don't have any more appointments today. So, drop in and we'll have a drink at the pool.' Abby said kissing Amy on the lips. 'Thanks Derek.' She added, also kissed him before heading for the door.