THE PERFORMANCE - CHAPTER TEN
"Good evening gentleman! I'm sure that our sumptuous meal has sated your appetite for sustenance and that now you are all excited for tonight's festivities. We are in for a very special treat tonight, one that I know full well will serve to satisfy an appetite of a totally different kind. I will say without reservation that this evening's entertainment will be something you will remember for a long time to come," announced Jason from the lip of the stage. He was in almost total darkness as the stage had been blacked out to create an atmosphere of drama and anticipation.
"Please make welcome! Our own busty, burlesque babe...Kitty Cat Cate!" he bellowed.
The opening strains of The Stripper, the burlesque classic from 1958 by David Rose boomed through the speakers. The stage lights flared to life, washing the area in a deep, bright blue as Cate came strutting out to the cheers of the assembled guests. She had chosen this number specifically to be her first piece of the night. It was the perfect opening number for the series she had choreographed. Everyone gathered in the intimate venue would recognize the tune from the very first blast of the sleazy, sultry horns, and since the song was only about two minutes long, Cate knew she was going to have to get the party started immediately. No lengthy teasing during this number. She was going to get right to it. Tom was at the back of the room, in deep shadow, with the video camera on a tripod to capture all three of Cate's performances. He never failed to get a big sexual charge whenever his beautiful wife hit the stage. No one in that room was going to get more turned on than him. They may get harder, but they won't get hornier.
Her long blue gown shimmered with sequins, reflecting little diamonds of light back onto the men in the audience, who were now sitting spellbound, eyes wide with anticipation. Cate strutted around the stage, swinging her hips, shaking her tits and bumping and grinding like a classic 50's burlesque queen to the music while playing to the audience. Jason sat at a table right in front of the stage, his eyes boring into hers when she happened to glance his way. She swung her blue, plush stole from her shoulders and twirled it over her head, rubbing it seductively across her considerable bosom before launching it playfully into the crowd. She peeled off the black, elbow-length gloves from her arms using her teeth, tossing one to the back of the stage and leaving the other dangling from her lips. Turning her back to the crowd, she started to lower the zipper of her gown while shaking her luscious ass from side to side to the pulsing beat. The men started howling like a pack of coyotes after a kill. Slipping the dress off her shoulders, it fell to become a sparkly puddle at her feet. It was plain to the men that she was now clad in only a blue bra and panty set and black stay-up stockings. More cheers erupted from the small crowd of excited men as they yielded to the unveiling of her abundant charms. She spun around quickly, arms stretched out sideways, shoulders back and chest thrust forward to flaunt her big, jiggling tits. The blue sequinned bra that barely encased her bulging knockers only just barely covered her areolae. The matching panties were cut high on the hips, revealing the tops of her thighs, and made it look like her legs went on forever. She peered into the crowd and shimmied her boobs at them one more time.
And then the music ended and the stage went dark.
And the men went wild!
Cate ran off stage to the dressing room to find Tom waiting there to help with her costume change.
"First number in the books!" she exclaimed excitedly. "I think it went well. A really good opener. Fast. Sexy. Familiar music. I think it worked. What did you think?"
"It looked amazing. Flawless. Very impressive. They all loved it. Listen...I think they're still clapping," he answered enthusiastically. He loved watching her perform and was primed for the next piece, where her outfit would be much more revealing, and she would have a lot more time to enthrall the crowd with that incredible body of hers. This number had just been a primer. A taste of what was to come.
He anticipated that this next routine, coupled with the alcohol the men were consuming, was going to raise the overall temperature in the room by a few degrees at least. Although he was pretty familiar with this upcoming piece, he had no idea what the last performance was going to consist of. Cate was playing her cards very close to her ample chest and had told Tom nothing about the piece, preferring to surprise him. Saying only, "Trust me. You're going to love it."
Back out in the little theatre space, the whole place was buzzing. Everyone was commending Jason on his choice of entertainment for the evening and were anxious to see what the next performance would bring. While refilling their drinks, the spellbound group of men were jabbering amongst themselves and remarking on what they had all just witnessed.
"Good gawd man. Did you see those tits!? She is perfection!"
"And that ass! Oh, my gawd! To die for!"
"And fuck can she move! Man, she's hot! Where did Jason find her?"
"How about those legs! Wow. Just unbelievable. They go on forever. I would do anything to get between those for a night."
"Yeah, I'm sure there'd be a long lineup for that my friend."
"I think that her husband is the guy at the back of the room filming the show."
"That's what I hear too. What a lucky bastard he is. Can you imagine getting to fuck that every night? Yes, please! Where do I sign?"