Unfortunately inspired by current events in my personal life, 'Laundry Day' is a quick ENF/CFNF story I wrote to pass the time as I waited for a repair man to turn up. As always please feel free to leave any comments, feedback, or story ideas down below. Enjoy!
*****
1985, South London, England - long before the days of mobile phones, the internet, or totally reliable washing machines.
"Jane! Help, come quickly!"
Over the high-pitched hiss of the shower, Jane could just about make out the sound of her girlfriend Frankie yelling her name from the kitchen next door. She turned down the water a little in order to hear better, and called back out in reply. "Sorry, what?"
"In the kitchen, help, quick!" Frankie shouted again.
Jane rolled her eyes as she turned off the water and reached for her towel, annoyed that her morning shower had been abruptly cut short. With her wet hair and body dripping water all over the place she hurried out of the bathroom and into the kitchen, her bare feet slipping and sliding on the smooth tiled floor as she rushed to her girlfriend's aid. "What's wrong?" Jane began, before her eyes widened in horror. "Oh no!"
It was immediately obvious what was wrong, as flowing from beneath the door of the couple's washing machine was an alarmingly aggressive torrent of soapy water. Frankie, dressed in a loose-fitting t-shirt and pair of shorts, was on her knees trying to stem the tide with a pair of oven mitts, but her efforts so far had clearly been in vain.
"Quick, find something else we can use to stop the leak!" Frankie cried, grimacing as spurts of water continued to spray out from under her hands and shoot up onto her chest.
Jane, using one hand to keep her towel from unravelling, grabbed all of the spare tea towels from the kitchen counter, then knelt down next to her girlfriend to try and plug the washing machine's door shut, the rubber seal of which had presumably failed. It still wasn't enough though, as even with two pairs of hands the couple couldn't provide enough pressure to stop the flow, and the pool of water they were crouched in continued to grow bigger by the second.
"Can't you turn it off?" Jane asked, looking up in desperation at the washer's control panel.
"I've tried that, it won't stop though," Frankie grimaced, glancing down at her drenched shirt which was now completely see-through, to the point where her nipples were clearly visible through the soaked fabric.
Jane tried hammering at the power button a couple of times anyway, but even though the machine itself was switched off the water just kept on coming. Soon the tea towels were completely saturated and rendered useless, and the puddle in the kitchen was now in danger of creeping out through the doorway and into the hall.
"Fuck, it's not stopping," Frankie swore, chucking the sodden cloths to the side in frustration. "Jane, quick - give me your towel."
Jane frowned across at her girlfriend and shook her head. "What? No!"
Frankie exasperatedly gestured down to the floor. "Babe, soon the whole flat will be flooding! You can grab another one from the bathroom after, now come on!"
Jane was about to protest again, but then she stopped herself and sat up higher on her knees. "Urgh, fine." Rather self-consciously Jane loosened her towel, pulled it away from her body, and then reluctantly passed it over to Frankie, who couldn't resist grinning at her now naked girlfriend's obvious discomfort.
"Nice... ok, now ram it in on your side, as far in as you can," Frankie instructed, turning her attention back to the leak.
With some difficulty the two kneeling women, one dressed and one totally nude, manged to shove the towel under the door with enough force to finally reduce the flow of water to a mere trickle. Frankie sighed in relief and sank back to rest on her heels, while the rather embarrassed Jane immediately got to her feet and subconsciously laid a hand over her tits.
"Right, ok... I'll give the landlord a ring once we've got this all cleaned up," Frankie said as she tried to wring some of the water out of her top, the material of which now clung tightly to her boobs.
"Fine... I'm going to go and get some more towels, you grab the mop," Jane muttered, as with her arms crossed over her body she waded across the kitchen floor to hurry back towards the bathroom. The still amused Frankie reached back and gave Jane a playful slap on the rear as she scuttled away, making her jump.
"Ow!" Jane squealed.
"Sorry, couldn't help myself," Frankie chuckled as she admired Jane's retreating behind. "You know I wish you'd walk around in the nude more often honey, it really suits you..."
Indeed it was typically Frankie, not Jane, who was the more uninhibited of the two, and it was pretty common for her to wander carefreely around the apartment dressed either in just a t-shirt or a pair of panties, and occasionally even less than that when she was in a devilish mood. Jane was a lot more conservative, rarely to be seen in anything less than a modest set of pyjamas - not because she was shy about how she looked or anything like that, but just because she wasn't as outgoing as her more extroverted girlfriend.
For Jane nudity was reserved exclusively for either the shower or the bedroom, but soon that was about to change...
*****
Frankie and Jane's landlord was like any other, in that he was both incredibly tight-fisted and infuriatingly difficult to get hold of.
First he tried to make the couple pay for the washing machine repairs themselves, then when that didn't work he wasted a few days trying to find the cheapest replacement part possible, and finally to top it all off he insisted on using the least reliable handyman he could find to install the new rubber seal. The result of this was that three weeks after calling him about the fault the damned machine still wasn't fixed, and Frankie and Jane were quickly starting to run out of clean clothes.
One afternoon Jane came home from work to find Frankie mooching about in one of her old university hoodies, and from the way it rode up at the back as she moved around the kitchen it was immediately obvious that she wore nothing else beneath it. Jane gave her girlfriend a kiss and then began to open a bottle of wine, and behind her Frankie started to rant about her rapidly shrinking wardrobe.
"That useless handyman rescheduled again today, for the third time this week, still without giving me a reason why," she cursed. "And he didn't say when he'd be back, just that we are 'top of his priority list', which is obviously bullshit, so now God only knows when this washing machine will ever be fixed. And look at what I'm having to wear now," she continued, tugging at her hoodie. "I literally have no more clean underwear left, this is my only useable top, and -"
Jane cut off the stream of complaints by firmly pressing a glass of wine into Frankie's hand, which did in fact temporarily pacify her. "Look, I know it's shit, ok?" Jane sighed. "I'm pissed off too. But I was having a look earlier and there is a laundrette round the corner, near the supermarket. I know it's not ideal but we might have to use that for a couple of nights, just as a temporary measure."
Frankie had thrown her head back as she theatrically drained her glass, and Jane glanced down with interest as her girlfriend's hoodie was pulled up tantalisingly high at the waist, revealing the fact that Frankie had spent a good chunk of that afternoon doing a full-body shave in the shower.
"Ok then," Frankie muttered as she wiped her lips with the back of her hand, before heading to the bedroom to find a wearable pair of trousers. "Off to the laundrette we go... I'll go and pack a couple of bags."
*****
Twenty minutes later, with a mountain of dirty washing in tow, the two women arrived at the laundrette's door and hauled their bags inside. Frankie, who'd complained about the length of the walk with every reluctant step, immediately screwed up her face as the pair were struck by a wall of hot, humid air. "God, this place is absolutely boiling..." she frowned.
The small, square-shaped room was indeed unpleasantly stuffy, no doubt due to all the heat and steam leaking out from the old-fashioned washers and dryers, and the couple immediately peeled off their jackets and hung them up on the coat rack. Inside there were no other customers to be seen, and given that the laundrette was self-service there weren't even any members of staff around, so Frankie and Jane commandeered one of the machines, inserted the right number of coins for a thirty-minute cycle, then sat down on an uncomfortably hard bench and began to wait.
Frankie lasted twenty seconds in silence, listening to the irritating rumblings and clankings of the laundrette's appliances, before she got tired of it all and began to complain again. "I'm already bored," she moaned, kicking off her shoes and petulantly flicking them away from her across the floor.
Jane tutted. "You can go home if you'd like... only one of us needs to stay here to watch our stuff," she replied, settling back to lean against the wall.
Frankie sighed and got up, then began to meander aimlessly around the room as she lazily pirouetted in circles to keep herself entertained. "Nah, I'll stay... but we should have bought something to entertain ourselves," she said. "Something to read... or listen to... or drink."
Jane yawned, stretched, and then reached down to rummage through her pockets. "Well, I have... a one-pound coin... door keys... and some gum." She popped a piece into her mouth and began to chew, then shrugged impassively at Frankie - there were no two ways about it, a laundrette is a boring place to be.
"Great, so there's nothing to do," Frankie lamented, sighing even more heavily this time. She continued to dance around for a while longer as Jane rested her head against the wall and started to daydream, trying unsuccessfully to ignore her restless girlfriend as she continued to whinge. "It's so quiet here too," Frankie noted as she launched herself into a poorly executed cartwheel.
"Hmm?" Jane enquired patiently, keeping her eyes shut. She'd had a long, tiring day at work, and she was doing her best to not think about how she was being forced to waste her only free time doing chores.
"Well, I'm not surprised really," Frankie mused, talking to herself as she continued to think out loud, "because everyone owns a washing machine these days. I don't know how any of these places are still in business to be honest, I'd have thought they'd all be bankrupt by now."
Jane couldn't be bothered to reply.
Eventually Frankie tired herself out, and she returned to sit next to her girlfriend and cuddle up against her arm. The pair made small talk, played a couple of word games, and tried not to fall asleep as they watched the minute hand on the clock on the wall move around painfully slowly.
After twenty minutes Jane was surprised to see that still no one else had come into the laundrette, and for some reason this gave her a naughty idea. She gently elbowed Frankie to get her to sit up straight, then pulled out the coin in her pocket and began to rub it thoughtfully between her forefinger and thumb.
"Heads or tails?" Jane asked.
"What?" Frankie replied, turning to look across at her grinning partner.
"I said heads or tails?" Jane repeated, more confidently this time.
"Err... what are the stakes, what are we playing for?" Frankie asked.
Jane pointed to her mouth. "If you guess right... I'll let you have a piece of gum."
"Amazing..." Frankie was clearly unimpressed by the rules of Jane's new game, but her girlfriend hadn't finished.
"But, if you get it wrong..." Jane continued, adding a dramatic pause for effect, "then you have to add either your top or your bottoms into the wash."
The machines at the laundrette were at least a couple of decades old, with large lids in their tops where you put in your laundry, and rudimentary control panels at the front hich let you alter the temperature and set the timer. These lids didn't have a lock, which meant that at any point you could open them up and chuck another item of clothing into the wash, but there was also no way of ending the cycle early, so anything you did put in would be stuck there until the timer ran down to zero. It was this design feature that had given Jane the idea for her game.
"But once we put stuff in the machine we can't get it out again, right?" Frankie seemed momentarily blindsided by her girlfriend's uncharacteristically mischievous suggestion, but then she quickly warmed to the idea and slipped a thumb into the waistband of her jogging bottoms. She eased one side of the waistband down just enough to prove without doubt that there was nothing else on underneath, and then stared meaningfully at Jane. "Like you do remember that I'm not wearing any underwear? If I lose and have to take something off then either way I'll be left half naked..." she giggled.
Jane looked down at her partner's smooth skin and smiled, remembering the tantalising glimpses she'd seen earlier on in the flat when Frankie had been wearing just her hoodie. "Yes babe, I'm very aware of that fact," she replied, gently tracing across Frankie's bikini line with the tip pf her forefinger. Jane could already tell from her girlfriend's sparkling eyes that she was excited by the idea of the gamble, and sure enough she only had to wait another second or two before Frankie accepted the deal.
"Hmm... ok then. I could actually do with some gum." Frankie, never one to shy away from a challenge, cocked her head to the side to think for a moment and then narrowed her eyes. "I choose... tails."
Jane grinned, as now this was actually getting quite exciting. "Ok then, here we go..." As Frankie excitedly leant in closer Jane tossed the coin into the air, and the two women held their breaths as they watched it arch back down to land in her palm.
It came up heads.
"Shit!" Frankie began to laugh, mournfully holding her head in her hands as she realised what she'd just agreed to, and beside her Jane punched the air triumphantly in celebration.
"So, I haven't had to ask you this since we first hooked up but... top or bottom?" Jane chuckled.
Frankie snorted at Jane's crude joke and walked over to the coat rack to retrieve her jacket. Before she slipped it on she cast a few nervous glances over towards the door, wondering what the odds were that someone would walk inside in the next ten seconds or so. The issue was that the side street outside was still relatively busy at this time of night, but the glass on the windows was completely fogged up with condensation, so if anyone did approach the door and come in Frankie would get no chance to cover up before it was too late.
"You chickening out?" Jane goaded from the bench, knowing that a bit of teasing would quickly put an end to this stalling.
"Never!" Frankie defensively retorted, then before her nerves gave out she reached down for the base of her hoodie and in one swift motion whipped it over her head.
Jane squealed and slapped her thigh in delight as she watched her girlfriend strip to the waist right there in the middle of the laundrette, knowing full well that without any warning someone might walk in and see Frankie standing there with her tits out. To satisfy her end of the bet with some panache Frankie recklessly chucked her hoodie across the room towards one of the washers, and then, wearing only her socks and jogging bottoms, she stood proudly with her hands on her hips as on the bench Jane continued to crack up.
"Oh my God Frankie! You're topless in public!" Jane laughed, staring in delight at her girlfriend's bare boobs. She knew that Frankie was very free with her body when they were at home, but Jane had never expected her girlfriend to be quite this confident outside the safety of their flat.
"What, a deal's a deal right?" Frankie laughed too and bent forwards to shake her tits in Jane's direction, but then a sound from the street outside spooked her and she screamed, quickly darted to the coat hanger and yanked her jacket on, then pulled it tightly shut.
Luckily for her it was a false alarm, so with a nervous laugh Frankie retrieved her hoodie from the floor, went over to one of the washing machines and opened the lid, then shoved her top inside and completed the wager. With her coat still unfastened she then skipped back over to the bench and snuggled up tight against Jane again, who in turn reached an arm around Frankie's shoulder and gave her a reassuring kiss on the top of her head.
"Well played babe, that was pretty impressive... although I don't seem to remember saying that you could put your coat on afterwards..." Jane teased.
Frankie rolled her eyes and looked down at her jacket, which was hanging open loosely enough to keep one of her nipples exposed. "Oh please, cut me some slack. What if I keep it unbuttoned, is that a fair compromise?" she said, smiling sweetly.
Jane nodded and reached down to give Frankie's boob a squeeze, which made Frankie shiver slightly at her partner's touch. "I guess... so, how about a second round?" Jane asked.
Frankie sighed contentedly as Jane continued to feel around under her jacket, playing with one nipple before moving across to the other, but ultimately she shook her head. "No way you pervert, I'm not getting naked in a laundrette ... no matter how worked up you get me," she grinned.
"Well then, no gum for you..." Jane flirted, letting her hand explore further down Frankie's stomach, again playfully drawing patterns across her skin with her fingernails. This time Frankie pouted, which made Jane laugh and then take pity on her scantily clad girlfriend. "Ok fine, you can have some of mine instead. Come here..."
The pair beamed lovingly at each other, then leant in and melted away into a deep, indulgent kiss, during which Jane let her piece of gum get hooked away by Frankie's eager tongue. For a few minutes longer they sat there making out, with Jane's hand now working away inside Frankie's low-riding jogging bottoms, as her breathing became quicker and more laboured.
Frankie pushed her body back into Jane's and her jacket flapped fully open again, leaving her effectively topless once more, but this time she was so turned-on that she actually found herself quite enjoying the exposure, and as such made no attempt to cover up. Frankie's eyelids began to flicker and her toes started to curl as things threatened to get seriously out of hand, but then all of a sudden the couple's panting and heaving was rudely interrupted by the ping of the washing machine finishing its cycle.
"We... should probably take that as a sign to go..." Jane whispered as she reluctantly slipped her hand back out of Frankie's waistband.
"Spoilsport," Frankie replied, only half-jokingly, as she unsteadily rose to her feet, buttoned up her jacket, and then retrieved her trainers. "We're not using the dryers tonight though," she declared, "we can just hang our washing up when we get back. I'm not waiting another second before I can get my hands on you..."
Jane bit her lip in anticipation as the pair began to hurriedly stuff their damp laundry back into their bags, before heading back out into the night and racing home.
*****
When they got back to their apartment Jane had barely managed to get the key in the lock before Frankie began stripping again, right there in the middle of the hallway. First she kicked away her socks and shoes, then she shrugged her coat off again, and as she impatiently waited for Jane to let them in she decided to pull down her tracksuit bottoms too. The moment the front door was open the pair burst inside, with the already nude Frankie instantly tossing her clothes to the side as she began to claw at Jane's outfit.
"Frankie wait, the neighbours!" Jane hissed, as her jacket was unceremoniously torn away from her shoulders.
The couple's apartment was open plan with large, tall windows, and both the living room and landing could easily be seen from the opposite block of flats across the road. As mentioned previously this had never bothered Frankie, even when she wasn't insanely horny and determined to get her girlfriend undressed, and so she had no worries about nakedly wrestling with Jane as she tried to get her girlfriend to strip too.
She managed to get Jane's top over her head and then made a desperate lunge for her bra, before her bashful partner broke free and ran screaming towards the bedroom. There, behind the privacy of the closed blinds, she gladly submitted to Frankie's will, and even if their neighbours across the road couldn't see what they were up to anymore, the one's on the floor below could definitely hear it.
After a largely restless night the pair woke up the next morning entwined in each other's arms, and Jane gently stroked Frankie's hair as they lay there cuddling. "So... last night you were pretty wild," she smiled, reaching down and kissing her girlfriend on the neck.
Frankie rolled over so that she became the big spoon, then pulled Jane's torso tightly into hers and hummed contentedly. "Aw thanks, you were great too babe."
"No," Jane laughed as she snuggled back into her girlfriend's body, "I meant that I haven't seen you that worked up for a while... the whole laundrette thing really turned you on, huh?"
Frankie buried her face into Jane's hair and sighed. "What? Nah, I don't know... it was just fun I guess, playing around like that. Bit of a thrill, that's all."
Jane coyly wiggled her butt into Frankie as she refused to let her partner off the hook. "I don't know... I think we might have just uncovered a bit of an exhibitionist streak in you. I think the idea of being caught excited you a lot more than you expected..." she crooned.
"Hey, I'm not some weird flasher," Frankie muttered defensively, trying unsuccessfully to ignore her girlfriend's teasing.
"No I know, but you must admit that the idea did get you going just a little bit.. right?" Jane asked innocently, sliding her hand back and letting it run down the inside of Frankie's thigh, which was surprisingly hot to the touch.
Her girlfriend groaned in frustration, then finally gave in and confessed all. "Ok fine, it did, it turned me on. Happy? Now stop being such a flirt, Jesus..." Frankie reached for Jane's hand and planted it firmly in between her legs, then clamped her thighs tightly around Jane's wrist, locking her in place.
"Haha, I knew it, you are a show-off..." Jane grinned as she turned back to kiss Frankie, caressing her cheek with her free hand as she used the other to play with her partner beneath the duvet.
"Oh fuck off..." Frankie ruefully shook her head, got up onto her knees, swung one leg over so that she was perched just above Frankie's face, and then lowered herself until she felt their lips meet. "There... that got you to shut up..." she smirked, and as Jane's hands came up and around to grab her hips Frankie let herself sink even further down onto her girlfriend's mouth, and then started to moan.
*****
That evening the couple headed back to the laundrette to wash some more clothes, along with their duvet covers which, after that second round in bed in the morning, were now in dire need of a clean. Their efforts the previous night meant that they now had a few more outfits to choose from, and yet Jane noticed with interest that Frankie had still decided not to bother with a bra, as the view through her thin and very tight cropped t-shirt made abundantly clear.
Just like on their first visit the laundrette was deserted when the girls arrived, so once again they hung up their coats, got the machine running, and then took up their places on the uncomfortable bench. This time it was Jane who decided to cut short the wait when, without saying a word, she reached into her pocket and produced the same coin, then casually began to pass it from one hand to the other as she watched it gleam and shine under the laundrette's harsh fluorescent lighting.
When Frankie glanced over and noticed what Jane was doing her eyes grew wide, and then a slight grin began to play at the corner of her lips. "I see," was all she said.
Already breathing a little heavier Frankie stood up and turned to face her girlfriend as the two calmly sized each other up for a moment, before Jane decided to get the fun started again with a new proposition. "How about this time we play exclusively for your lower half?" she suggested.
Frankie was wearing another pair of loose-fitting jogging bottoms, and when Jane reached out to playfully tug at the waistband Frankie smirked and batted her hand away. "For these?" she asked. "Well, in that case I'm going to need you to put way more than just a stick of gum on the line."
"Why, did you forget to put on underwear again?" Jane enquired, even though she could already tell from the way the bottoms sat low on Frankie's hips that her girlfriend had indeed decided to go commando for a second time. Frankie didn't reply, instead she just rolled her eyes, and Jane chuckled. "Ok, fine. How about if you win... I'll do all the cooking for a week," she negotiated.
"Two weeks," Frankie countered.
Jane raised an eyebrow. "For ten days."
"Ok - deal." Frankie, who would have clearly said yes to any offer, reached out and shook Jane's hand to seal their agreement. "Right... umm, I'll go tails again."
Jane smiled. "Interesting..." With a flick of her thumb she tossed the coin again, and a moment later Frankie cursed.
"Oh for fuck's sake! Are you sure your coin isn't rigged?" She tried her best to sound genuinely disappointed by the result, but she and Jane knew that deep down they'd both been praying for it to come up heads again.
Jane laughed at Frankie's misfortune and eagerly reached out towards her joggers. "Unlucky babe... now come on, let me see that ass."
"Yes, ok, but I can do it thank you..." Frankie turned and strolled off towards the washers, swaying her hips seductively as she hooked her thumbs into the top of her waistband and hummed a burlesque song to give herself some music to strip to.
When she reached the rumbling washing machine she glanced back over her shoulder at Jane and winked, then bent at the waist and very, very slowly slid her bottoms down and over her butt. She kept her legs locked and perfectly straight as she bowed forwards at the waist, in order to give Jane the most revealing and appetising view possible. Frankie's display definitely had the desired effect, and as Jane watched her girlfriend let her trousers fall away and pool around her ankles she could already feel herself getting rather hot under the collar.
"That enough ass for you babe?" Frankie asked, playfully arching her back as she slowly straightened again and turned her head to bat her eyelashes in Jane's direction.
Her girlfriend played along too, by twirling her finger as she gestured for Frankie to show off the rest of her body. "First turn around for me, let me see everything."
Frankie giggled as she crossed one foot over the other, then smoothly spun around on the spot so that she was now facing Jane, this time with her hands placed modestly over her pussy.
"Boo..." Jane heckled as Frankie pretended to blush and pout.
"Oh ok, fine... just for you though!" Frankie moved her hands up to her mouth as she blew her partner a kiss, and Jane felt her whole body begin to warm up as she took in her girlfriend's wonderfully exposed lower half. Frankie's cropped shirt didn't even reach down to her ribcage, so when she slowly strutted towards the coat rack, doing her best model walk as she raised her hands up to play with her hair, she could hardly have shown off more skin if she'd tried.
When Frankie reached her jacket she unenthusiastically pulled it on, visibly disappointed that her latest challenge was now at an end. As Frankie began to wander around the laundrette floor again, enjoying the sensation of the warm, stuffy air on her bare ass, Jane frowned and gestured vaguely at her girlfriend's unconventional outfit.
"I really don't think this whole coat thing is fair," she protested. "Strip games don't normally let you immediately cover yourself up again."
Frankie kissed her teeth. "Oh come on... my coat's not even long enough to hide anything ..." She span around a couple of times to prove her point, and to be fair she was right. When Frankie thrust her hands deep into her pockets to keep her front hidden the jacket rode up at the back and completely exposed her butt, and when she then tried to tug the back down she'd suddenly find her pussy was out in the open instead, so there was simply no way that she could keep everything covered up simultaneously.
"And look, if I move my arms at all then you can see everything..." To complete her demonstration Frankie reached straight up above her head, and as promised the entire jacket was pulled up to just below her bellybutton. "See?"
At that exact moment the laundrette 's door swung open, and inside walked an elderly gentleman. He looked like he was maybe in his late seventies, he was dressed smartly in a waistcoat and tie, and his thick spectacles were instantly clouded up with steam as he walked into the humid room.
"Shit!" Frankie swore under her breath as she almost jumped out of her skin at the arrival of the unexpected visitor, then she hastily smoothed down her jacket again and moved across to hide behind one of the machines.
"Oh, hello there." The old man had taken off his glasses to wipe them on the corner of his jacket, and when he put them back on he smiled as he noticed the two women for the first time. "I don't think I've seen you here before."
Jane gulped as she looked over at Frankie, who was uncomfortably leaning forward to rest her elbows on the top of one of the dryers. Luckily for her the machine was tall enough to keep her naked lower half hidden, but now that the old man was here Frankie was effectively trapped, pinned to her makeshift hiding spot.
Jane had no such concerns, so she shuffled over on the bench to make room for the old man and smiled. "Yes, this is only our second time here actually. I'm Jane, and this is my girlfriend Frankie," she said, and over on the other side of the room Frankie waved awkwardly. "Our washing machine started leaking a few weeks ago and it's taking ages to fix," Jane continued, "so we thought we'd try out this place for a few nights. Do you come here often?"
The old man had filled up one of the washers and was counting out coins from an adorable little purse which he'd pulled out from his coat. He smiled over at Jane and nodded in response to her question. "Yes I do as a matter of fact. We've never owned a washing machine actually, my wife used to do all of our laundry by hand if you can believe it," he explained. "Then she died a few years ago, and although I tried doing it myself for a while I was no good I'm afraid! So instead I thought I'd try a laundrette, and well I've been coming here ever since."
He walked over to the bench and eased himself down to sit next to Jane, causing the bench to creak slightly. "So, you two live nearby presumably?" he asked.
For the next ten minutes Jane and the old man made pleasant small talk, as the still bottomless Frankie said barely anything and stayed rooted to her spot behind the dryer, silently rueing her decision to play the stupid stripping game again. The old man was actually incredibly sweet and very conversational, and as a widow he was clearly enjoying the chance to speak to a couple of friendly new faces, even if one of them didn't seem to be particularly chatty.
Eventually though even he realised that it was strange how Frankie was still loitering halfway across the room, and in his own way he said as much. "You must be getting tired over there dear, staying up your feet like that," he frowned. "Will you not come and sit with us?"
Frankie looked forlornly towards Jane, searching for some help, but unfortunately for her there was none forthcoming.
"Yeah Frankie, why don't you come over here?" Jane teased. When the old man had first walked in she'd been worried that Frankie would be seen, and that they'd both be in huge trouble. But now, after speaking to him for a while, Jane thought that the old man was relatively harmless, and it was probably ok to try and embarrass her girlfriend for a bit.
Frankie, who was struggling to see the funny side of this bizarre situation, glared over at Jane, then took a deep breath and turned back to look at the old man. "Umm... well this is a bit embarrassing, sir, but I spilt some detergent earlier, on my trousers. So I thought, since no one was here, that I'd just throw them into the wash..."
It wasn't the most convincing lie in the world, but the old man seemed satisfied by it, if a little startled too. "Oh goodness, you poor thing!" he exclaimed. "So you mean to say that you don't have..."
An awkward silence hung in the air, before Frankie sighed and then finished his sentence for him. "I... I don't have any trousers on, no."
"Well how unfortunate, now I see why you've stayed hidden away behind that machine!" the old man chuckled, laughing in a genuinely sympathetic manner. "But what are you going to do now?"
"Oh, I know," chimed in the now very amused Jane, as a good idea struck her. "Why don't you just tie your coat around your waist Frankie, like an apron? Then you'll be all covered up - well, from the front at least."
The old man turned to smile at Jane. "Yes, that would work well," he said. "And then you could sit down and relax a little," he added, nodding encouragingly at Frankie.
"Yeah... I guess that works..." Frankie cautiously agreed.
She wasn't exactly thrilled by the plan, but what was the alternative? She was trapped half naked as she waited for her clothes to be dried, and until then her coat was the only form of cover she had available. And so, after a reluctant pause, Frankie awkwardly unbuttoned her jacket and eased it off her shoulders, all the while silently cursing her decision to wear the skimpiest, skin-tight t-shirt she owned, and praying that her nipples weren't poking out too prominently.
With everything from the waist down still hidden behind the washing machine she wrapped the coat's arms around her waist and fastened them behind her back with a knot, tugging sharply at it a few times to make sure it was secure. Frankie's improvised jacket-apron hybrid did indeed keep everything at the front covered up but left her butt completely exposed, and Jane had to stifle a laugh as she watched her girlfriend step out from behind her cover and slowly begin to waddle over.
Frankie awkwardly shuffled across the room to the bench and then carefully sat down next to Jane, taking great care to keep her butt pointing away from the old man, as her bare cheeks made contact with the rough wooden bench and made her flinch.
"Nicely done," Jane laughed as she patted her girlfriend's thigh, then she and the old man continued their conversation as if nothing were out of the ordinary.
He told the couple about his wife, about how they met, and about how gentrified the area had become since they moved there forty years ago, and in return Jane told him the story of how she and Frankie had first bumped into one another on a night out. The trio sat like that until the women's washing was done, where Jane took one for the team and transferred all of their laundry into a dryer. Another twenty minutes of pleasant small talk then passed, until Frankie's bottoms were finally dry enough to wear.
Jane got up again and pulled the trousers out of the dryer, then chucked them over to Frankie. "There you go, all nice and fluffy and warm," she grinned.
"Thanks..." Frankie muttered.
The old man politely turned his head to the side and stared dutifully at the wall, and when she was sure he wasn't looking Frankie got to her feet and reached behind her back. Jane had expected Frankie to carefully slip the bottoms on underneath the coat, given that they now had some company, but instead she was shocked to see her girlfriend confidently untie her jacket and nonchalantly let it fall to the floor. Now completely exposed again from the waist down Frankie paused for a moment, all but naked with her obviously rock-hard nipples poking through her semi-transparent top, and standing there so boldly while just a few inches away from the old man.
"Get dressed!" Jane urgently mouthed at her girlfriend, and Frankie rolled her eyes but then did finally pull on her bottoms.
"Happy now?" she whispered back, trying unsuccessfully to hide the fact that secretly she was very disappointed their game was again at an end. The two women collected up their bags, said goodbye to the old man, who was clearly sad to see them go, and headed back out to begin the walk to their flat.
As the laundrette door swung shut behind them Jane linked her arm through Frankie's and playfully scolded her. "See, I told you, you are a total exhibitionist..."
"Be quiet," was Frankie's only reply, as she looked to the side so Jane couldn't see just how much she was smiling.
Again the girls rushed straight home, again Frankie stripped naked in the corridor, and when they reached their bedroom the pair shared an even more mind-blowing night of passion than the one before.
*****
The next day Jane got back from work to find Frankie eagerly waiting for her on the landing, with two more bags of washing lying by her side.
"So is this our new evening routine then?" Jane sighed as she was passed one of the bags, forcefully turned around, and then led straight back out through the front door. "I mean, we could have a cosy night in at home instead, I could cook that pasta dish you love, maybe open a bottle of wine, and then afterwards I'd let you tie me to the bed and do unspeakable things to my naked body..."
"Mmm, that does sound good," Frankie grinned as she firmly steered her partner down the hallway, "but no thanks, I'd much rather spend the time doing some more laundry instead!"
When the women arrived at the laundrette they were pleased to see that as usual there wasn't a soul in sight, and as Frankie quickly threw in their washing Jane pulled out her coin and got ready to play the next round of their game.
"I guess there's only one way to up the stakes now..." she mused, eyeing up Frankie's latest outfit of an oversized jumper, paired with a tiny pair of booty shorts. "Well, assuming that you're still going commando, of course..." she added.
"Oh really?" Frankie joked, returning from the machine to playfully run her hands up and down her body. "You really want to go for the full nude? Well, it's going to cost you..."
Jane nodded as she carefully balanced the coin on the edge of her thumbnail. "OK... then how about if you win, I'll... I'll clean the flat for a month?"
"Yeah, alright." Frankie didn't even bother pretending to bargain this time, because by now both women knew that the coin toss was nothing more than a way of getting her naked. "And you know what? Today I'll go with heads for a change," she added.
This time Frankie didn't stand over Jane to see what the result would be, but instead she kept wandering around the room, keeping her eyes fixed on the door as she either fretted, or maybe even fantasised, about someone walking in on her again.
Jane carefully tossed the coin up into the air, but then frowned when she saw the result. "Umm... it was tails," she lied.
"Oh was it, was it really?" Frankie replied sarcastically, not believing for a second that she'd managed to lose three coin tosses in a row.
Jane nodded unconvincingly. "Err, yep."
"Let's see," Frankie demanded, walking back over to Jane who hurriedly shoved the coin back into her pocket.
"No it's too late, sorry, you lost," she said.
Frankie shook her head at her girlfriend's barefaced cheek and laughed wryly, then began to absentmindedly tap her foot against the floor as she tied her hair up in a messy bun. "I don't know though Jane... going fully naked is a huge step, and after last night I'm way less confident than I was before. What if someone comes in again?" she said, nervously running her tongue back and forth across her teeth.
Jane could see that this time Frankie was genuinely worried, but at the same time her girlfriend's body language betrayed the fact that deep down she also really wanted an excuse take off her clothes again. "Well, we've still only ever seen one other person here, the old man, and he said he only comes in once a week," Jane reasoned, "so... I think you'll probably be fine."
"Easy for you to say..." Frankie muttered, as she finished playing with her hair and began to anxiously rub her arm instead, all the while keeping her eyes glued to the door.
"Well, it's either that or we just sit here and bore ourselves to death," Jane countered, slumping down onto the bench and pointedly crossing one leg over the other.
Frankie wrestled with herself for a few more moments, before rather inevitably giving in to the devil on her shoulder. "Yeah... ok, ok," she said, bouncing from one foot to the other as she began to hype herself up. "You're right, it will probably be fine. Here I go then..."
Frankie decided to wriggle out of her shorts first, then took great delight in scooping them up off the floor with the end of her shoe and watching them as they looped perfectly into the washing machine's open hatch. She then took a bit more time with her jumper, which was so large and baggy that it nearly reached her knees, by slowly inching the top up her legs as she watched Jane's hungry eyes taking in every extra millimetre of exposed skin.
Over Frankie's thighs the jumper rose, first baring her pussy to the laundrette for the second time in two days, then up past her hips and stomach, pausing slightly as it got stuck underneath her boobs until they fell free with a satisfying bounce, before it was pulled off over her head with a triumphant flourish.
"Ah!" Frankie squealed in delight as she bundled up her jumper and held it tight to her chest, bending one leg up behind her as a burst of adrenaline made her tightly squeeze every muscle she had, before she then spun around, chucked the top into the washer too, and slammed the lid shut to seal her fate. "Jane! I'm naked!" she laughed.
Indeed she was, well save for her socks and trainers, and Jane burst out into uncontrollable laughter too as her girlfriend streaked her way across the room, her arms flung out wide in celebration, before grabbing her coat from the hanger and nonchalantly chucking it over one shoulder. Frankie fixed Jane with her best 'fuck me' eyes and then strutted slowly towards her, carefully planting one leg in front of the other like a sexy catwalk model, as her boobs and butt jiggled from side to side.
As Frankie got within touching distance Jane grinned and reached out for her nude partner's hips, but at the last second she was rebuffed when Frankie giggled, spun around on her heel, and then paraded back the way she'd came.
"Nuh-uh, no touching here I'm afraid..." she teased. "You'll have to bargain a lot harder for that..."
"Screw you..." Jane joked as she watched Frankie walk all the way to the door, twist at the waist, and then look back at her as she struck up a pose with one hand planted on her hip, with the coat still hanging down over her back. Suddenly another sound, this time a car backfiring in the street outside, spooked Frankie once again, and in a flash she'd tugged her jacket on and held it tightly across her chest. Both women whirled around to look at the door, but thankfully this time it did not move.
"Jesus... that fucking terrifies me every time!" With Frankie's nerves now a little shaken she elected to keep her coat on, still leaving it fully unbuttoned and flapping open of course, as she began to dance across the laundrette again to indulge in the thrilling sensation of being so underdressed in such a public space. Jane found herself getting seriously turned on as she watched Frankie's jacket flying open whenever her girlfriend skipped and twirled around, revealing tantalising glimpses of her naked figure with every spin.
The problem with exhibitionists, she thought to herself as she sat back and enjoyed the show, was that they never knew when to stop. At first getting topless was fun, until it got boring. Then taking off your bottoms was a thrill, but after a while that too became a bit mundane. And so next you'd have to get fully naked just to chase that hit of adrenaline again, but where do you go after that?
Jane could already tell that Frankie didn't know when to stop, and she could see that her wild girlfriend would keep going, keep pushing her limits further and further, until someone saw her. And right now, for reasons that Jane herself couldn't even begin to explain, nothing was turning her on more than the idea of seeing Frankie getting caught.
"So, are you ready to ditch the coat yet?" Jane asked, keen to start upping the ante again.
Frankie raised her eyebrows as she considered this latest suggestion, and as she mulled it over she found her gaze wandering over towards her girlfriend, who, in Frankie's opinion at least, was still wearing far too many clothes.
"How about yes, but only if I get to give you a dare first?" she suggested, and to her surprise Jane didn't immediately disagree.
"Such as?" her partner instead replied, prompting Frankie to look around the room.
After a bit of thought she had an idea. "Ok... I want you to... to go and press your boobs into the glass." Frankie nodded over to the fogged-up windows which looked out onto the street, quietly confident that her modest girlfriend would never agree to such a silly idea.
In all the years they'd been dating Frankie had only ever seen Jane dare to take anything off in public on one occasion, when they'd visited a clothing-optional beach on a holiday to Spain. There, after several hours of increasingly aggressive persuasion, Frankie had convinced Jane to take off her bikini top, but even then she refused to move from her position lying face down on her towel for the rest of the day. Tonight however Frankie was looking at a different Jane, one who didn't instantly say no to the idea of showing off some skin.
"But what if someone's walking past outside when I do it? Then they'll see me!" Jane argued, as she felt her cheeks starting to redden at the very thought of the idea.
Frankie shrugged. "And then they'll receive quite a pleasant view, I don't really see an issue here," she replied dryly.
Jane bit her lip as she looked across at the window and wondered why she hadn't flat out refused Frankie's dare yet. She had absolutely no interest in exposing herself to the street outside like that, she genuinely didn't share any of Frankie's exhibitionist tendencies, but at the same time she also really wanted to see if her girlfriend would actually spend the rest of the night completely naked. And if that meant taking a little risk herself first, just to get Frankie to go even further later on, then maybe that was a sacrifice worth making?
In the end Jane decided that yes, it was risk she wanted to take, and so she took a deep breath and nodded. "Ok... fine. But if I do that then you have to leave your coat on the rack until your clothes are dry, how about that?" she bargained.
"Err... ok?" Frankie replied, now a little more unsure than she'd been when she first come up with the idea. The washing machines still had fifteen minutes left to run, the dryers took an extra twenty, and so altogether that was a long old time to be left trapped in the nude. But again, Jane never usually did anything like this, and so for Frankie this opportunity was also too good to turn down.
"Alright then..." Jane said, talking to herself more than anyone else, as she got up from the bench and began to move over towards the window.
Frankie, not really believing what was happening, stayed rooted to the spot as Jane slowly walked towards her, but then she quickly regained her composure and stepped across to block her girlfriend's path. "Umm no, come on, do it like I did."
Frankie looked down meaningfully at the washer which was rumbling away next to them, and Jane tutted when she realised what her partner meant. "Oh my God Frankie..."
Frankie refused to get out of the way though, so Jane sighed dramatically and then reached under her top to unfasten her bra. Again she had absolutely no desire to strip topless in the laundrette, even if it was only for the briefest of moments, but to be fair she had meant it when she'd said that they'd still only seen one other person there in three days - if she was quick then it would probably be fine.
And so, as she reluctantly undressed, she did so with the confidence that she probably wouldn't get walked in on, and instead focused on getting the deed done as quickly as possible. After pulling out her bra she whipped off her cardigan, then her t-shirt, and finally, before she could ask herself what she thought she was doing, she shoved all three items of clothing into the washing machine. As inconceivable as it would have been just three days ago, Jane was now topless in a public laundrette.
"Oh my God Jane, look at you!" Frankie squealed in delight, immediately reaching out to try and playfully tweak her girlfriend's nipples. Even though Frankie's coat was still undone it rested on her figure in such a way that it covered up most of her body, and so for the first time it was now Jane who was the more naked of the two.
"Oh shut up, and get out of my way!" Jane was definitely feeling the effects of her exposure as she stood there in just her jeans, and so, not wanting to have her tits out in the open for any longer than necessary, she shoved Frankie aside and ran over to the window with her boobs wrapped up in her arms. "Fuck me..." Not letting herself think about whether or not there was anyone walking along the pavement outside Jane took a deep breath, let her arms drop, and then slowly moved forwards until she felt the chill of the glass make contact with her rapidly hardening nipples.
"Hey, do it properly!" Frankie heckled from behind, and Jane grimaced as she shoved her chest up hard against the cold windowpane. She held that position for a second, with her tits squidged up to the glass, and then, with her half of the bargain now taken care of, she quickly pulled away and covered herself up again as she cringed at what she'd just done.
"Fuck, did anyone see me?" Jane didn't even wait for the answer as she scampered back to the coat stand and grabbed her jacket, pulling it on and then hastily zipping it up as high as it would go.
Frankie went up to the window and peered through one of the holes in the condensation which Jane's boobs had created. "Coast looks clear outside babe, I think you're ok. And damn, what a sexy silhouette you left!" To emphasise her point Frankie playfully traced her tongue across the glass, as if she were licking Jane's boobs.
Jane returned to her girlfriend's side as they paused for a moment to admire the perfectly symmetrical outline of her tits, then she immediately tried to get the attention away from her breasts and back onto Frankie's side of the deal instead. "Stop it, you pervert. Anyway, I've completed my end of the deal, which means that you owe me a coat, no?" she said, gesturing towards Frankie's jacket.
Frankie just looked across at Jane and smiled innocently. She hadn't really thought that things would get to this stage, but after seeing Jane join in on the fun she was now more than happy to keep playing. "Oh yeah?" she laughed.
"Yeah," Jane said, a little more assertively.
"Well then, if you want it you can come and get it!" Frankie giggled and turned to sprint away from Jane, who immediately followed in hot pursuit, pinning one arm over her chest as her boobs threatened to fly around unconfined beneath her coat.
Around the laundrette they ran, darting in and out between the washers as Frankie tried to weave her way through the machines to stay ahead of her girlfriend. Her coat flapped completely open, wildly fluttering behind her as she twisted left and then right, even vaulting over a couple of the dryers at one point as she breathlessly squealed and screamed, but then an unfortunate slip from Frankie gave Jane the chance to catch up.
"Come here!" With one perfectly timed lunge Jane's outstretched fingertips just managed to snag the collar of Frankie's jacket, and in an instant the coat had been ripped clean off her shoulders.
"Ah shit, you got me!" Frankie gasped, spinning around and covering up her naked body with her hands as her final item of clothing was torn away.
Jane stared greedily at her beautiful girlfriend, standing there with those crazy wild eyes, flushed red cheeks, and dishevelled hair, and wondered whether she'd ever been attracted to her more. "Ok, this is your last time to back out..." Jane warned, breathing heavily as she turned to walk to the coat rack, playfully holding out Frankie's jacket towards her.
Even though she'd won fair and square Jane was still very conscious that leaving Frankie in the middle of the laundrette without any available cover at all was a pretty monumental step to take, even for her insane girlfriend, and so she gave her one final chance to change her mind.
Needless to say, Frankie didn't take it. "Nah don't worry, a deal's a deal," she instead confidently replied, apparently still riding high on her rush of adrenaline as she lowered her arms and boldly stood with her hands clasped behind her back.
Jane smirked. "Ok then..." She hung up Frankie's jacket on the coat rack and then began to giggle again at the complete absurdity of her girlfriend's current situation. Just last week the pair had shared a dinner with Frankie's parents, a respectable, highly conservative couple, and Jane wondered what they would think if they could see their daughter now, strutting around the laundrette's floor as naked as the day she was born. "So, now that you've gone all the way, how does it feel?" Jane asked as she watched her girlfriend, who was still stood on the opposite side of the room, start to relax into her new state of dress.
"Honestly? Pretty amazing," Frankie replied, running her hands over her butt as she walked around with her chest pushed out. "God, I feel so exposed! And scared, and tingly... and kind of horny too..." As she spoke she kicked off her shoes and socks and cast them to the side, determined to enjoy her nudity to the fullest extent.
"Oh yeah? Do you feel like coming over here and doing something about that?" Jane teased, as she beckoned Frankie towards her.
Her girlfriend pouted. "Hey, I'm the naked one here, you should be crawling over to me on your hands and knees!" she fired back, stopping to lean with her back against the wall, feet planted wide in front of her. She brought both hands up to grab her boobs and slowly began to suggestively gyrate her hips as she waited for Jane to come over and kiss her. "Now get your ass - oh fuck!"
Once again Frankie was interrupted by the heart-stopping sound of the laundrette 's door rattling open.
"Shit, hide!" Jane hissed, as Frankie covered herself up with her hands and then frantically scanned the room for cover.
Luckily for her whoever was at the door was experiencing some difficulty as they wrestled with its sticky hinges, and that short delay gave Frankie the precious three seconds or so she needed to scamper over to one of the large dryers, crouch down into a ball, and painfully fold herself into the empty metal drum. As she pulled her trailing leg inside the figure at the door finally got it open, and inside walked the old man.
"Ah, hello dear," he said, smiling when he saw the rather alarmed looking Jane standing by the coat rack. "It's nice to see you here again."
Jane was initially lost for words as she tried to get over the shock of the old man's unexpected reappearance, but after a moment or two she pulled herself together and managed to smile back. "Err, yes, hi! Nice to see you too, how are you doing? I didn't expect to see you back here again so soon..." she replied.
The old man bobbed his head, almost apologetically. "No I suppose not, but sadly one is never completely finished with the laundry, there's always something else that needs doing!" he joked, closing the door and carrying his bag of washing inside.
As the old man put his coins into one of the machines again Jane self-consciously double checked that her coat was properly fastened, as she felt awfully exposed standing there with nothing on underneath her jacket, to the point where she was irrationally worried that she might somehow suffer a nip-slip. She then joined the old man on the bench as he settled himself down, and the pair made more small talk as away in the corner Frankie miserably hugged her knees tightly to her chest, and tried her best not to make a sound.
After ten minutes or so the old man addressed the elephant in the room, by gesturing to the empty space by Jane's side. "So is it just you tonight then, you haven't got your friend around to keep you entertained?" he asked.
"Err no, she... she stayed at home," Jane lied, painfully aware of just how unconvincing she sounded.
"I see..." The old man nodded slowly and an awkward silence descended between the pair, as both of their gazes slowly moved over to the coat hanger where Frankie's jacket was hanging. Jane tried her best to ignore the damning evidence, as well as the imprints of her boobs which were still faintly visible on the window across the room, and she avoided making eye contact with the old man as she felt her cheeks beginning to burn.
"I see," the old man repeated slowly. He studied his shoes intently for a few seconds, then smiled gently across at Jane. "You know she must be terribly uncomfortable over there, all curled up in a ball like that."
Jane's heart froze. "Err, excuse me?" She stared open-mouthed at the old man for a moment, slightly terrified that he might after all be offended by Frankie's lewd antics, but when she saw an amused twinkle playing in his eyes she exhaled in relief and the pair began to laugh. "Oh my God, you knew she was there this whole time?" Jane said, shaking her head in disbelief.
"Of course dear," the old man chuckled, clearly amused by Jane's startled reaction. "You do realise that all of the dryer doors are completely see-through? I may be old and in need of my spectacles, but even I'm not so blind as to miss a naked young lady when I walk into a room!"
"For fuck's sake..." came Frankie's very muffled, and thoroughly dejected, sigh from across the laundrette.
Unfortunately for her the doors were indeed transparent, and although the view through the thick, moulded plastic was quite warped, when Jane sat forwards and craned her neck around to look at Frankie's dryer it was still obvious that there was someone hiding inside. It was also obvious, due to all of the blurred but unmistakably pink skin on display, that Frankie was completely naked.
Jane leant back again and puffed out her cheeks. "Oh god, that's hilarious... right sorry Frankie, I tried my best but the game's up," she called out, and Frankie, who was starting to seriously suffer with cramp, began to painfully extricate herself from her unsuccessful hiding spot.
To her credit she managed to get out while keeping all of the important bits just about covered up, and after she'd unfurled herself she stood there with one arm over her boobs, with the other in-between her thighs, and a very self-pitying look on her face.
"Err... hi again." Frankie awkwardly nodded at the old man, who this time did not politely avert his gaze but instead smiled back at her, casually letting his eyes flicker all over her body as Frankie stood there squirming uncomfortably.
"So what happened today then dear? Did you spill detergent on your top as well as your trousers this time?" the old man jested, adjusting his glasses to ensure that he was getting the best view possible.
"Umm no... no this time me and Jane were playing a stupid game..." Frankie blushed as she found herself unable to look at either the old man or her partner for more than a second at a time, and instead decided to stare down forlornly at her bare toes.
"And what was the game?" the old man continued, eager to hear more.
"Well, we err, we just flipped a coin," Frankie admitted, turning an even deeper shade of crimson as she heard just how ridiculous the whole thing sounded when said out loud.
"And because you lost a coin toss you put your clothes in the wash?" the old man exclaimed incredulously.
Frankie cringed a little, but nodded. "Yes..."
"All of them?"
"Yes, all of them."
"Oh my..." The old man looked over at Jane in astonishment as he slowly came to the realisation that yesterday's detergent-related incident had not been such an innocent accident after all. "My oh my," he eventually added, before leaning back against the wall to recover himself.
Frankie glared at Jane as she tried to silently tell her to do something, but Jane just unhelpfully grinned back at her and shrugged. By her side the old man seemed to notice something, and he looked up at Frankie with a perplexed frown.
"But that is your jacket over there, is it not? Surely wearing that would be better than nothing?" he helpfully suggested, gesturing over towards the coat rack. It was obviously a sensible and well-intentioned idea, but before Frankie had a chance to reply Jane decided to jump in and speak on her girlfriend's behalf.
"I mean she could," Jane interrupted, "but if I recall correctly then the agreement was that she'd stay like this until her clothes were completely dried. I just feel that wearing her jacket would be cheating, you know? It would go against the spirit of the game."
As Frankie furiously glowered towards Jane the old man chuckled, and then seemed to join in with the young couple's extraordinary shenanigans. "Well, if that was the bet..." he smiled, and beside him Jane broke out into a broad grin.
Her fears and concerns about offending the old man had all completely melted away, leaving her with one solitary goal - to embarrass her girlfriend as much as humanly possible. "Exactly," Jane laughed, "you can't back out on a bet! Well come on then Frankie, don't be unfriendly - we've already seen everything, so you might as well come over and sit with us again until your clothes are ready."
Frankie rolled her eyes at Jane's overexuberance, but then, with no better alternatives to explore, found herself beginning the humiliating walk back over to the bench. There wasn't really anything else to do - she'd agreed to stay naked until the cycle was over, and now Jane seemed determined to hold her to that promise. Frankie kept nervously glancing down to make sure that everything was more or less covered up by her hands, as with every footstep she threatened to expose a nipple or a flash of her pussy, and Jane and the old man watched on in quiet delight as she shuffled towards them across the tiled floor.
Unlike last time, when Jane had scooted to the left and acted as a barrier by sitting in-between Frankie and the old man, she now decided to instead shift all the way over to the right and then pat the bench by her side. "Here, come and sit in the middle," she smiled.
With a resigned sigh Frankie bent her legs, briefly flashed her butt to the old man as she reluctantly turned around, and then settled herself down on the bench to become the filling in a very odd half-naked sandwich. She quickly folded one leg tightly over the other to keep her pussy hidden, bought her free hand up to join the other in cupping her boobs, and then looked down at herself again to check that nothing untoward was peeking out.
"Great job, looking good babe," Jane laughed as Frankie stiffly leant back against the wall and began the long, long wait until she could get dressed again.
For the next twenty minutes the trio passed the time with more aimless small talk, as they all politely pretended not to notice that one of them was sitting there without a shred of clothing, and with Jane and the old man chatting away on either side Frankie tried to work out if she was feeling more humiliated or horny as she sat there frozen in position.
After a while the washers pinged to mark the end of their cycle, and Jane transferred the women's laundry into the dryer. After a little while longer that was finished too, so she got up again and pronounced the clothes ready to wear, much to Frankie's relief.
"Here you go babe, your dare is finally at an end," Jane grinned. She chucked her girlfriend's jumper and shorts over, and the naked Frankie briefly revealed a nipple as she instinctively reached out a hand to pluck her clothes out of the air. If the old man noticed it he didn't say anything, but seeing as he continued to unashamedly watch her every move Frankie decided to turn her back to him, inadvertently presenting him with a quick glimpse of her butt crack as she did so, before unbundling her hoodie and stooping down to hastily pull it on.
"Thank God," Frankie shakily exhaled as she then tugged her shorts up under her top, got to her feet, and then, with her confidence now fully restored, turned to frown down at the old man. "Sorry, and please don't take this the wrong way, but what happened to you only coming in once a week?" she accused, giving a stern look.
The old man conceded the point and guiltily looked down at his hands. "Well no, that is normally true, I do typically only come here on Tuesdays," he began. "But yes, I fear that it's obvious, I decided to come tonight as well in the hope that I might bump into you two again. I'm sorry if you feel that I have intruded..." he trailed off.
The old man turned to look away in shame, but Frankie and Jane just smiled at his needless apology. Who could begrudge a lonely widower the opportunity to spend the evening chatting to a couple of friendly young women, especially when one of them seemed prone to losing her clothes?
"No that's fine, don't be silly," Frankie replied reassuringly, hopping on one foot as she tugged on her socks. "I'm just glad that you weren't offended when you saw me! So, should we expect your company tomorrow night as well?"
The old man seemed relieved that Frankie wasn't angry with him, and he looked up at her earnestly. "No dear, in fact I'm going away to stay with my sister for a few nights, so you won't have to worry about me walking in on you again any time soon! However, maybe I'll see you the following week?" he added hopefully.
"Maybe," Frankie replied with a wink as she put on her coat, said goodbye to the old man, and walked back out into the fresh autumnal air with her arm looped through Jane's.
Twenty minutes later the pair were undressed again and rolling around in bed, and even though Frankie had been considerably more vocal than usual on the previous two nights, by comparison her screams and cries that evening were loud enough to wake the dead.
*****
The next day passed without incident, and in the evening Jane returned home to a very pleasant surprise when an extremely impatient and totally naked Frankie opened the door and roughly pulled her inside.
"Nice to see you too..." Jane murmured as she was dragged straight to the bedroom. There Frankie revealed her latest great idea, which seemed to consist of two old winter coats draped across the headboard, the kind that came all the way down to your knees. Jane, who was much more interested in her naked girlfriend, stepped forwards and ran her hands up and down Frankie's sides, but she was quickly batted away by her partner.
"Stop, there'll be time for that later," Frankie instructed sternly. "Look, earlier I rooted around at the back of the wardrobe and found our winter trench coats, and they'll be long enough to cover us up on the walk over to the laundrette."
Jane frowned. "Wait, Frankie... you're going to walk there in just this coat?"
This sounded ambitious, even for Frankie, but she just shrugged as if the answer was blindingly obvious. "Well I was going to, but only if you're willing to show a bit of skin too," she calmly replied, absentmindedly stroking her shoulder as she stood there with her legs crossed over one another.
Jane frowned again - she'd already taken off more clothing in the laundrette than she was comfortable with, and she had no intentions of stripping any further. "I don't think I like the sound of that... what exactly did you have in mind?" she asked.
Frankie just smiled mischievously, moved the pair of coats off the bed, and revealed that there, lying on the duvet, was a red lace lingerie set that Frankie had bought for Jane a couple of years ago, to celebrate the first valentine's day they'd spent together. It was by far the sexiest, and definitely the most revealing, item of clothing Jane owned, and it was completely unsuitable for anything other than a good time in the bedroom. It certainly wasn't designed to be worn out and about in public, but alarmingly that seemed to be exactly what Frankie had planned.
The moment she saw the bra and panties Jane instantly realised what her girlfriend wanted her to do. "No."
Now it was Frankie's turn to reach out her hands to grab Jane's arm. "Oh come on babe, just imagine it. It will be fun, so naughty..."
"No," Jane reiterated, anxiously taking a step backwards, but her naked partner pulled her back towards her.
"Please Jane," Frankie urged, "you hardly ever wear that set, and you look so sexy in red..."
Jane groaned as she realised that she was probably going to give in and say yes. Frankie was very hard to say no to when she was in a persuasive mood, and doubly so when her magnificent boobs were out on display, and as she began to slowly unbutton Jane's work shirt her girlfriend felt tingles go shooting down her spine.
"Frankie... I don't know... I think this is going too far," Jane complained, even though she wasn't lifting a finger to stop her partner, who continued to methodically undress her.
Unmoved, Frankie looked down at her naked body and sighed dramatically. "Well, if you don't do it then I'm going to put some clothes on, so how about that?"
Jane knew that this was a very hollow threat, but even so she surrendered - the chance to get Frankie to leave the house wearing only one item of clothing was just too good to miss, even if the idea of being reduced to just a bra and panties herself was absolutely terrifying. "Ok fine, you win," she agreed as Frankie continued to strip her, "but I'm telling you right now - as soon as we leave this flat there's no way I'm taking my coat off!"
Frankie smirked, then pulled Jane in for a kiss. "Yeah, well, we'll see about that..."
*****
The subsequent walk to the laundrette was the couple's most exciting yet.
After changing into her lingerie, and then slipping on a pair of heels upon Frankie's request, Jane felt excruciatingly naked and exposed the entire way, especially when the cool evening breeze would gust straight up her coat and turn her skin into a sea of goosebumps. She kept her hands thrust deep into her pockets and avoided making eye contact with anyone, irrationally paranoid that her fellow pedestrians might somehow have x-ray vision and be able to tell what she had on beneath her coat.
By contrast Frankie was greatly enjoying the sensation her new outfit afforded her as she skipped along the pavement with a single bag of laundry slung over her shoulder, and whenever there weren't any other passers-by in her immediate vicinity she would pull her coat up at the back and flaunt her bare butt at Jane, or even undo it completely and pull open the sides to expose her nude body to her stunned girlfriend.
"See, I told you, you're a natural flasher deep down," Jane scoffed as she watched Frankie turn back around, her bouncing tits out on display for all the world to see.
"No I'm not," was Frankie's only reply as she walked down the dark street with her coat flapping wide open.
Before Frankie had the chance to be reported for public indecency the underdressed pair arrived at the laundrette, walked inside, and found that, as usual, it was completely deserted.
"Alright then," Jane said after they'd set a machine going, "what's the plan for tonight?"
Frankie broke out into her now all too familiar grin. "I'm glad you asked! So, I've decided that all of our games so far have been a little too one-sided for my liking, and you should have to try something a bit more daring this time," she replied, hungrily eyeing up Jane's coat.
Her girlfriend scowled and nervously played with her zip. "That's not fair though - I'm not the exhibitionist in denial, I have no interest in getting caught in my underwear," Jane argued.
Frankie shook her head disapprovingly and reached out to cup Jane's right boob. Even through the coat's thick fabric she could feel that her partner's nipple was already rock hard, as she'd suspected it might be. "I don't know, someone's already feeling a little bit turned-on to me..." Frankie teased, giving Jane a squeeze.
"No, that's only because it was cold outside," Jane protested, indignantly slapping Frankie's hand away.
"Or is it because you're just as excited by all of this as I am?" Frankie fired back, as the stubborn pair reached an impasse.
"I'm not!" Jane retorted, walking over to the bench and sitting herself down with a definite attitude.
"Fine," Frankie muttered, joining her girlfriend and crossing her arms across her chest in a huff.
"Fine, Jane mimicked.
The two woman sat back to lean against the wall, pointedly stared off in opposite directions, and began to sulk. Normally it was Frankie who got bored and ended these kind of long silences, but for once Jane found herself having to bite her tongue as she listened to the clock ticking away on the wall. She didn't want to let her girlfriend win, and she certainly didn't want to parade around the laundrette in nothing but her lingerie, but already her body had betrayed the truth - she was incredibly aroused by the idea of getting Frankie naked again, even if that meant exposing herself even more than she had done already.
And so, after a minute or two, Jane was the first to break. "Oh my God... ok fine, but I'm only doing this for a few minutes," she suddenly blurted out, as she got to her feet and began to unzip her coat.
Frankie's moody frown immediately dissolved away into a beaming smile. "Yay!" she squealed, jumping up and beginning to undress too. "Trust me babe, this will be so much fun!"
The pair quickly unfastened their coats, casting nervous glances towards the door as they fiddled with the buttons, and then on the count of three they pulled them off in sync and hung them up on the rack.
"So, how'd you feel?" Frankie giggled, standing there completely naked for the second time in the space of twenty-four hours.
"Umm..." Jane began, before realising that she didn't really know what to say. For some reason, even though Frankie was the one standing there totally undressed, Jane still found herself feeling like she was the one who was on display.
After a moment she realised why that was - Frankie was just naked, standing there grinning like an idiot as if she were some juvenile university student who had just lost a harmless bet or dare. Her body was just a body, there to be seen and pointed at but nothing more, and overall she gave off a harmless, totally innocent vibe.
Jane, by comparison, looked like she was ready to fuck someone. Her lingerie was undeniably sexy and provocative, designed to draw the eye, to excite, to titillate. The lace bra was not only entirely see-through but it also boosted Jane's boobs up to give her an incredible amount of cleavage, and the thong was so thin that it was almost completely lost in between her cheeks. The high heels also added to the look by making her legs and ass look firm and toned, and all of this left Jane feeling like she was by far the more outrageously dressed of the two.
Even though it was as stifling warm as ever inside the laundrette she still found herself shivering with a nervous tension, and she rubbed her shoulders in an attempt to calm herself down as she tried to acclimatise to her surroundings. "I feel... very exposed," she finally answered, already regretting her decision to accept Frankie's deal. "You know what, this was probably a bad idea - maybe we should just get dressed again? Please?"
"Not in a million years," Frankie laughed, stepping forward and tiptoeing up to give Jane a reassuring peck on the lips. "Once the coats are off they stay off, ok? Now come on, let's explore!"
By explore Frankie really meant aimlessly wander around the laundrette for a minute or so, which under normal circumstances might have sounded pretty underwhelming. For Jane though it felt like a terrifying adventure, especially when Frankie dragged her all away to the opposite side of the room from where their coats hung on the rack. Now if anyone were to walk through the front door the girls would have no way of getting back across to their only forms of cover in time, and that potential danger was sending Jane's heartrate through the roof.
Fortunately for her no one did come in to catch her in her skimpy lingerie, or Frankie in her birthday suit, and so after a while the pair meandered back over to the bench to decide what to do next. Normally Jane would have taken a seat so she could sit back and admire Frankie's nudity in relative comfort, but today she was far too nervy to do that and instead stayed standing, ready to sprint for cover at a moment's notice.
"Ok, so what do I have to offer to get you to take off something else?" Frankie optimistically enquired. She was now alarmingly used to walking around in the nude, and so to entertain herself she'd decided to work on making her girlfriend get a little bit more naked.
Jane rolled her eyes dismissively. "I told you, it's not happening," she said, defensively hugging herself which had the unintended effect of pushing her boobs even further together.
Frankie just laughed. "No, you told me that you wouldn't take off your coat, and we can both see how that worked out for you..." She then thought for a moment longer, then came up with an interesting idea. "I tell you what... lose either the bra or the panties, and I'll wash my coat," Frankie suggested, choosing her words carefully. Again, she didn't really think that Jane would agree, but after last night she was curious to see if her girlfriend would be open to negotiating again.
Jane had been ready to immediately reject whatever ludicrous trade her girlfriend offered, but now she found herself stuttering in surprise. "Are - are you for real? You'll wash your coat?" she repeated, tripping over her words in disbelief. This would be a huge next step for their silly little game - getting naked was already incredibly risky, but intentionally taking away your only available form of cover was doubly so.
"I'm not joking," Frankie nodded, seemingly deadly serious. "I'll put it in the machine, which still has..." She broke off briefly as she consulted the clock and did some mental arithmetic. "Err, which still has twenty-four minutes left, and then I'll be trapped naked until we've got it out the dryer."
Jane, who had briefly forgotten about the fact that she was standing there in just her underwear, looked to the ceiling and grimaced. The idea of taking off another item of clothing actually made her feel slightly ill, because this wouldn't just be a quick flash like when she'd pressed her boobs against the window, this would be a more prolonged, and therefore much riskier, period of exposure. But... again, the idea of Frankie strutting around in the nude, with no way to cover herself up, was making her feel all warm inside, to the point that it was seriously clouding her judgement.
Which was why, after a long, long pause, Jane decided to suggest a counteroffer. "Ok... I'll do it, but only if you wash your coat, and then let me give you a dare to do," she said, glancing back at her girlfriend.
"Jesus," Frankie snorted, "you drive a hard bargain babe, I just agreed to trap myself totally naked for the best part of an hour for you!"
"Yeah I know, but given long enough you'd probably have ended up doing that anyway," Jane teased, "so I want to give you a dare as well, to sweeten the deal."
Frankie knew that this was in no way a fair trade, but she nonetheless agreed- being naked had already become routine, and now she needed something else to get her adrenaline high. "God, fine - you're going first though!" she said, standing back and fixing her gaze on Jane's body.
"Yeah, ok," her girlfriend cautiously agreed, glancing over towards the door again as she began to psyche herself up. "I'll go first..."
Frankie looked Jane up and down, wearing only a wry smile. "Ok, so now it's my turn to ask - top or bottom? What's it going to be?"
Jane had to take a moment to think about that. If the worst were to happen, and someone did walk in and see her, then surely it would be better to be topless - she could immediately cover herself up with her hands and keep everything more or less under wraps. But then she remembered their second trip where the old man had appeared, when Frankie had successfully kept herself hidden by standing behind the washing machine, and decided that maybe it would be best to keep her bra on after all.
"I'll lose my bottoms... I think," she eventually replied, making Frankie giggle in surprise.
"Really? I'd have been sure you'd choose to ditch your top," her girlfriend laughed. "Not that I'm complaining though... either option is good for me!" Frankie squatted down by Jane's side and reached for her panties, slipped her fingers underneath the waistband, and then gently pulled them down.
Jane found herself tensing up as she felt her underwear trailing down the inside of her thighs before reaching her ankles, but then she stayed true to her agreement and obediently stepped out of her thong. "Happy now?" she asked, trying her best to keep it cool as she felt her bare ass and pussy exposed to the warm, humid air.
"Very," Frankie grinned as she planted a kiss on Jane's hip, stood back up, and then began wrapping Jane's thong around her wrist to create a makeshift bracelet. "Honestly, with a butt like yours it should be a crime to keep it covered up..." To emphasise her point she reached out and playfully spanked Jane's ass, making her squeal.
"Get off!" Jane twisted around to try and keep her butt out of Frankie's reach, but her heels meant that she was a lot less nimble than her barefooted partner.
Frankie began to dart left and right, sneaking in little pinches and slaps as she danced around Jane, who responded by backing up into one of the washers to try and protect her exposed rear. The terror she felt after being reduced to wearing nothing but her transparent bra was tempered by Frankie's youthful exuberance, and Jane found herself starting to laugh as she tried to defend herself from her exceptionally handsy girlfriend.
"Frankie, seriously," she panted breathlessly, "I mean it, stop! I just - oh fuck!" For the first time it was Jane's turn to be cut off by the sound of the laundrette 's door rattling open, and she and Frankie immediately stopped playfighting and span around to see a middle-aged woman hauling a bag of laundry in from the street.
Both of the girls' fight or flight reflexes instantly kicked in, and with lightning quick reactions Frankie collapsed into a small ball as she ducked down behind one of the washers, while by her side Jane simply froze up and stood there, half-naked, with a comically surprised look on her face. This had never happened to her before, being interrupted in such a compromising position, and Jane's brain had absolutely no idea how to process the fact that she'd just been caught. So instead it simply went into a state of shock, and kept Jane's body locked in place.
The unexpected visitor had managed to successfully yank her bag of laundry in through the doorway, and she looked up and noticed Jane for the first time. Her eyes widened as her gaze flickered down to Jane's bra, and in particular its transparent cups, and immediately her brows furrowed into a suspicious frown.
After a few seconds Jane remembered how to speak, and she instinctively decided to try and talk her way out of this bizarre situation. "Umm... hi," she smiled faintly, reaching over to a packet of detergent and uncertainly holding it up. "Sorry about, err, this, but there's only really one way to do all the laundry, right?" she awkwardly joked, bashfully nodding down at her bra.
Jane's choice to lose her panties had indeed paid off, in that the washing machine she was standing behind covered her up from the waist down. The woman at the door therefore probably assumed that Jane was standing there in her lingerie, as opposed to being entirely bottomless, which still wasn't ideal but was definitely preferable to the truth.
"You're... you're washing all of your clothes?" the woman eventually replied, still standing there in the doorway.
Jane gulped, but forced a cheery grin and made herself commit to her plan. "Yep, they're all in here," she nodded, patting the lid of the washing machine. "Well not all of them, obviously..." Based on nothing but the openly hostile way in which the woman at the door was staring at her, Jane decided to take a huge gamble. While trying to appear as nonchalant as possible, she reached behind her back and unclipped her bra, then bought her hands up to hold the cups against her chest to stop them from falling off.
"Do you mind if I..?" Jane asked innocently, raising her eyes at the woman, who openly balked in horror.
"No, I, I... I'll just come back later," the woman stuttered, before backing out of the room and pulling the door shut behind her.
"Thank God," Jane gasped, refastening her bra the moment the woman was out of sight, before marching over to her coat and pulling it back on.
"Oh my God Jane, that was amazing!" Frankie squealed, jumping up from her hiding spot and clapping her hands in delight. "I totally thought you'd just been busted, but then you managed to brazen the whole thing out! I can't believe you actually scared her away with the threat of your tits!"
Jane, who was busy checking that every single button was done up nice and tight, shook her head ruefully, but then did manage to crack a smile too. "I don't know, I just had to get her to leave, somehow," she said, putting her head in her hands as she let out a relieved laugh. "God, I've never, ever, been so mortified. I can't believe a stranger just saw me in public, in just a bra - a see-through bra!"
Frankie laughed too. "But you played it off so cooly," she said, beaming at Jane with a genuine pride. "Honestly I thought we were screwed there for a second, but you had it covered."
"Yeah, well, I hope you enjoyed it," Jane scoffed as she leant back against one of the dryers, and put a hand against her chest to feel her beating heart, "because that's the last time I'm ever doing anything like that."
Frankie conceded the point. "Ok, fine, I won't make you do anything else tonight," she grinned, winking at Jane. "I don't think your heart would survive being caught a second time."
Jane shook her head ruefully, but then remembered that Frankie now owed her a dare. "Ok, it's my turn now. Hop up onto the washing machine quickly." Jane walked over to her bag and pulled from it out a brand-new polaroid camera.
"Oh, so this is my dare, is it?" Frankie laughed, jumping up to sit on the top of the nearest washer, with her bare legs swinging off the side as she leant back with her hands planted by her hips. "I didn't even know you had a camera, did you buy it just for this?" she asked.
"Yeah, I saw it in a shop window on the way home from work and thought it might be fun," Jane grinned as she approached her naked partner, who arched her back to show fully off the entirety of her body to the camera. "This way we can capture these memories forever, so how about you open your legs a little wider?" Jane teased.
"Damn babe, how graphic do you want these photos to be?" Frankie joked, easing her legs apart anyway so that they rested on either side of the washing machine's hatch.
Jane held the camera up and took small steps forwards until Frankie's shining eyes were just cut off by the top of viewfinder. Everything from her naked girlfriend's nose down was perfectly in shot, and it was still obviously clear that she was sitting completely nude in a public laundrette, but the cropped framing meant that Frankie's anonymity was just about preserved.
Satisfied with the composition Jane snapped off a picture and then plucked the printout as it was fed out of the camera, shaking it to make it develop quicker as she walked over to Frankie's side. "Ok... so now your dare is to go and leave this picture in the phone box across the street," she said, smiling as she watched the blurred image of Frankie's body starting to sharpen.
Frankie had leant forwards to look at the photo too, but now she recoiled in shock as her jaw nearly fell to the floor. "What? I thought posing for the picture was the dare!" she exclaimed.
Jane laughed and shook her head. "God no, where would the fun be in that? You've been hiding inside for far too long, so now it's time for you to venture outside!"
"Oh my God..." Frankie groaned, shaking her head in disbelief and quiet respect at Jane's creativity and forethought as she snatched the photo from her girlfriend's hand. "Fine, but if I get caught and arrested for this you better come to bail me out..." she said, slipping down off the washer.
Frankie, although clearly a bit of a show off, had never actually been naked out in public before, but she tried to hide her nerves as she tiptoed her way over to the laundrette's door and cautiously reached out for the knob. She looked back at her girlfriend for some final sign of encouragement, but none was forthcoming as Jane merely nodded in the direction of the street, gesturing for Frankie to get on with it. And so Frankie eased the door open a little, just enough to let a thin slice of orange glow of the streetlights onto her body, then immediately squealed and slammed it shut again as a car passed by outside.
"Jane I can't do it!" she cried, turning to stare up imploringly at her partner. "Someone's definitely going to see me!"
It was early evening in the centre of London, and even though there weren't many pedestrians on this particular backstreet, there was still a regular flow of traffic passing by. Jane walked up behind Frankie, and together they opened the door again and peered out into the gloom to assess the situation.
"It's not too bright out," Jane reasoned, looking up and down the road, "and you just have to make it across the street - if you're quick then I think you can do it without anyone catching you."
Frankie stepped back out of view as a lorry drove past the open doorway. "I don't know," she fretted, nervously poking her head out again once the coast was clear. "There's a lot of cars, and I don't think - ah!"
Frankie was cut short when Jane took a step back, raised her leg, and then used the tip of her stiletto to give her girlfriend a sharp poke in the rear. Frankie was shoved forwards out of the door and sent stumbling onto the pavement, with nothing but the polaroid picture in her hand to cover herself.
"You bitch!" she hissed, instinctively hugging her arms across herself as she turned back to glare at Jane.
"Go, go!" her girlfriend replied, pointing to the phone box.
There was a brief break in the traffic, with the nearest car being an old Ford which had just appeared at the end of the street, so before she could chicken out Frankie found herself sprinting across the road, with both arms pinned across her chest in an attempt to stop her boobs bouncing up and down too much. The street was lined with rows of shops, and while those were all shut for the night the flats above them all had windows which looked down onto the road, and nearly every single one was lit from within. Trying not to think about how many people would be able to see her if they happened to glance outside, Frankie jumped up onto the opposite pavement and ran to the red phone box which, luckily for her, was empty.
"Leave the photo where everyone can see it!" Jane hollered from across the street, leaning against the doorframe as she watched her naked girlfriend with delight.
"Stop being so loud!" Frankie hissed back, yanking open the door and darting inside the phone box.
She fiddled with the photo as she tried to wedge it in place next to the receiver, but she was interrupted when bright headlights suddenly illuminated the interior of the phone box, reflecting off the glass and causing Frankie to squint at the sudden brightness. Frankie ducked down again and hugged her knees as the Ford from down the road rolled past her, and she cursed whoever it was that had decided that phone boxes should have completely see-through glass walls which offered her almost no cover whatsoever. Once the car had gone she stood up again and made sure that her naked polaroid was securely pinned in place, then once that was done she burst out of her hiding spot and almost walked straight into a cyclist.
"Fuck! Umm, sorry!" Frankie hugged her boobs again as she ran around the astonished cyclist, who'd had to slam on his brakes and skid to a stop to avoid hitting her, before scampering her way back across to the laundrette, her face red with embarrassment.
"What the hell do you think you're doing?" the cyclist called after her, but Frankie was already ducking under Jane's arm, who was holding the laundrette's door open for her, and in a flash she'd disappeared inside.
"Jesus Christ Jane," Frankie gasped, going over to the washer, which had finished its cycle, and yanking out her soaking wet coat. "I think we might have pushed it too far there, that was fucking terrifying!"
Jane rushed over to help her girlfriend tug out the rest of their washing and stuff it into a bag. "I know, I'm sorry," she said, genuinely feeling guilty that Frankie had been caught like that, even if it had been incredibly hot to watch.
"Don't be, I loved it" Frankie grinned, flinching as she stiffly pulled on her wet coat - despite her earlier agreement there wasn't time to hang around drying their clothes anymore, given that there was a not insignificant chance that the aggrieved cyclist might already be on his way to report Frankie for public indecency. "Now let's get out of here before that guy gets home and calls the police!" Frankie laughed, slipping her shoes back on and leading Jane to the door.
The couple managed to get out of the laundrette and back to their apartment without any interference from the law, although Frankie did nearly catch a cold walking all the way back in nothing but a damp coat. She quickly warmed up by dragging Jane into the shower with her when they got home, and then she insisted on having sex with the bedroom blinds left wide opened, something that the girls had never tried before. Jane agreed but compromised by keeping the lights off, and so as the naked couple ground against each other their bodies were illuminated only by the pale glow of the city below.
*****
At work the next day Jane kept on losing focus, repeatedly finding herself staring vacantly into the distance as she replayed the memory of Frankie running naked back and forth across the street over and over in her mind. A few of her colleagues noticed her lack of concentration and kindly asked her if she was alright, to which she would blush and nod.
But what else could she do? How on earth would Jane even begin to explain the details of her new evening hobby to her work friends, or try to justify why the idea of heading back to the laundrette later that night was getting her all worked up sitting there in her office chair? The rest of her day was plagued with more of these X-rated daydreams and fantasies, but then finally the clock hit five and she was free to leave, free to head back home where her now predictably naked girlfriend was waiting for her.
"I've got a different outfit for you tonight," Frankie informed Jane as they stood in the bedroom again, this time looking down at an oversized white t-shirt which lay on their bed. "This will give you more cover than you had yesterday, but will also give me, umm... easier access."
"Easier access to what..?" Jane asked suspiciously as she robotically began to undress, not even bothering to protest at the minimal clothing on offer this time.
"Well, you'll see," Frankie coolly replied as she picked up her coat, pulled it over her naked body, and then pointedly began to tie her hair up in another bun, using Jane's rolled up pair of panties from the night before as a tie.
*****
Over the course of that afternoon a large group of thick, dark clouds had formed to hang menacingly over the neighbourhood, and the girls had just made it to the safety of the laundrette's doorway when behind them the heavens opened and a torrent of rain began to pelt down onto the street.
"Jesus, that was lucky, we nearly got soaked - oh!" Frankie was cut short as they walked inside as there, sitting in the girls' usual place on the bench, was a young woman thumbing through a magazine.
The unwelcomed visitor looked up and smiled politely as Frankie and Jane trudged into the room, and in reply they did their best to hide their disappointment that their naked games would have to be put on pause until this woman left. The pair mumbled an unfriendly hello, put their washing into a machine, and then sat down to wait.
Frankie, who was positioned on the far end of the bench, kept herself amused by seeing how many buttons on her coat she could unfasten without attracting the lady's attention. First she undid the top four, swiftly followed by the bottom three, and then she proceeded to alternatingly flash either her nipples or her pussy at Jane, who pretended not to notice.
Finally, after what felt like an absolute eternity but was in reality only about twenty minutes, the woman got up, collected her stuff, and left to brave what had now developed into a full-blown thunderstorm. The second the laundrette door clicked shut Frankie immediately sprang to her feet and whipped her coat off, then eagerly gestured at Jane to lose hers too.
"Wait, hang on -" Jane protested, not exactly thrilled by the idea of being reduced to only one item of clothing so soon.
"Oh stop wasting time," Frankie interrupted, glaring down at her girlfriend and assertively sticking out her hand. "You'll still have your t-shirt on, which means you'll be even more covered up than you were yesterday. So coat, now."
Once again Jane was quickly won over by the intoxicating sight of her naked girlfriend standing there clicking her fingers impatiently, already worryingly comfortable about parading around without a stitch on as if it were the most natural thing in the world, and so with a reluctant grumble she shrugged off her coat and passed it over, then smoothed out her t-shirt to make sure that everything was safely covered up. While she was doing that Frankie walked straight over to the rumbling washers, flipped open the lid, and without any hesitation or consideration stuffed both coats inside.
Jane nearly exploded. "Hey, what the hell? I didn't agree to that! Now I can't cover up until the cycle is over!" she fumed.
"Really?" In reply Frankie just sarcastically gestured down at her body, as if to ask Jane what the hell she was complaining about. "You seriously think you're the one who's at risk right now?"
It was a valid point, and if anyone did come in before the women got their coats back they would hardly notice Jane and her skimpy t-shirt when Frankie was also there dressed in her birthday suit. Still, Jane wasn't happy about it.
"Urgh, fine... what now then?" Jane asked, walking over to Frankie's side.
"Well, seeing as we've got some time to kill, and I doubt that anyone will be leaving the house in this weather... I think I want to have sex on every machine in this place!" Frankie grinned. Without a moment's hesitation she grabbed Jane by the shoulders and pushed her firmly back into one of the washers, then jumped towards her.
"Hey, what - oh my God, Frankie!" Jane squealed in a mixture of shock and delight as her girlfriend wrapped her arms around her waist and levered her to sit up on top of the metal lid. She quickly tugged down her shirt which had risen up at the back to expose her butt, and glanced over her shoulder to make sure that there still wasn't anyone at the door. "What are you doing, you psycho?"
Frankie just laughed and reached down to stroke up and down the insides of Jane's bare thighs. "I told you, we're going to have sex on every machine in here... starting with this one!" Without any further warning she bent forwards, pulled Jane's shirt up enough so that she could slip her head underneath it, and then went down on her very surprised girlfriend.
"Frankie, stop, wait -" Jane futilely tried to push her partner away, terrified that someone was about to come in and catch them in the act, but as she twitched when Frankie's lips begin to kiss at her pussy, and then her tongue come out and begin to hungrily lick her, she quickly felt her body telling her to just go with the flow. "Oh my God..."
Frankie gave great head as it was, but the combination of being so underdressed and so turned on, while sat there in the middle of the laundrette with the vibrations from the washing machine feeding up through her butt and thighs, created a new sensation of exposure and eroticism that was almost too much for Jane to bear.
"Ok, next machine!" Frankie suddenly broke away, which was simultaneously both a massive disappointment and a huge relief for Jane, and the pair swapped places as Frankie leapt up onto the next washer in the row, immediately bending her knees up as she leant back on her elbows.
She looked good enough to eat, so Jane happily obliged as she took her turn bending down and extending out her tongue. Frankie was a lot less concerned about being caught, so she threw her head back, arched her spine, and began to moan as Jane used her mouth for thirty seconds or so, before slipping in a couple of fingers too for good measure. "Fuck, ok, switch again," Frankie eventually gasped, jumping off and ushering Jane back on top.
And so the two women set to work, working their way along the long row of washing machines, and then when that was done they swapped over to the line of dryers. Both Frankie and Jane were getting progressively more turned on as they kept on edging each other, getting closer to orgasm before it was time to change places again and give the other person a go. Jane was also getting less cautious with every turn, not caring as her t-shirt rode up to her waist as Frankie gripped her bare ass and used it to pull Jane's hips further into her face.
They had moved onto the last machine, where Jane was lying back with one arm covering her mouth to stop herself from crying out as Frankie fingered her, when a flash of lightning followed by a boom of thunder made them both jump. The scare seemed to snap Jane back into reality, and rather shakily she slipped back onto the floor and smoothed down her shirt again. Frankie rushed to the door and checked that no one was lurking outside, then on a whim she pulled it wide open and the two women stood there, looking up at the grey wall of clouds which hung over them, as the thunderstorm became even more intense than before.
"I really want to go outside again..." Frankie murmured, looking up and down the deserted street. Water was bubbling up through the drainpipes as the road began to flood, the rain was so intense that even the roads had become deathly quiet, and there were certainly no pedestrians to be seen.
"Well, what's stopping you?" Jane goaded as she folded her arms across her chest and nonchalantly leant against the doorway again, waiting to see what her girlfriend would do next. Frankie didn't reply, instead she just held one hand out to see how cold the rain was, as casually as if she were testing the temperature of their shower at home.
"It's actually not that cold..." she giggled, before boldly stepping out into the storm.
Jane watched on in amazement as Frankie began to dance around right there in the middle of the road, kicking up sprays of water from the flooded street as she twirled and pranced around with her arms flung out wide. She got down onto all fours, crawling along the tarmac, then collapsed to the floor and threw out her arms and legs as wide as they would go, lying there with her mouth wide open as she stared up at the thunderclouds, laughing uncontrollably as the rain poured down over her body.
There was another flash of lightning which momentarily turned Frankie's wet skin into a blinding, shimmering beam of white, and as another boom of thunder rocked through Jane's body she concluded that watching her girlfriend lying out there in the rain was the most exciting thing she'd ever seen.
From a junction at the end of the street appeared a solitary double-decker bus, its headlights sweeping round and illuminating the road as their beams reflected off the wet tarmac. Jane instinctively stepped forwards to call out a warning to her girlfriend, but then stopped herself. Why should she warn her? Why should she stop her from being seen?
The deafening roar of the rainfall was so loud that Frankie didn't hear the rumbling engine at first, and it was only when she noticed the bus's headlights beginning to illuminate the building's faces to her left and right that she leant up on her elbows, and realised that she was no longer alone. Jane nervously wondered if she'd done the right thing as she watched Frankie scramble to her feet, slipping on the wet tarmac as she turned back to the laundrette and ran naked across the road. When Frankie was just a couple of feet away from safety Jane impulsively stepped back inside and slammed the door shut, locking her girlfriend outside as the bus approached from down the road.
"What the fuck? Jane, let me in!" Frankie swore at her devious partner as she wrestled desperately with the handle, but on the other side of the door Jane braced herself and managed to keep it shut, despite Frankie's best efforts. "Jane!"
From outside Frankie continued to shout and wrench at the door, then as she heard the bus closing in behind her she risked a quick peek over her shoulder and cringed as she saw the face of the driver, and then the faces of his twenty or so passengers, staring incredulously at her through the windows, their features bathed in the yellow glow of the overhead lighting.
Frankie kept her body pressed against the laundrette's door as the bus drove past painfully slowly, then she turned to watch it carry on up the road, its brake lights casting a red glow on the wet tarmac as it drove away. When she heard the engine beginning to fade away into the distance Jane let go of the door and jumped back as Frankie burst inside, with her sodden hair plastered down over her face.
"Come here!" Frankie leapt at Jane, not in anger but in pure, untameable, animal lust.
Jane staggered backwards as she caught Frankie in her arms, feeling her dripping-wet girlfriend hook her legs tightly around her waist, then the two fell back and slammed into one of the stacks of dryers. There they kissed each other with a ferocious passion, as Jane groped at Frankie's butt, and Frankie ground her hips into Jane's body.
Eventually Jane broke off, and Frankie leant back to scowl at her surprisingly sadistic girlfriend. "Fuck you," she scolded, before breaking out into a devilish grin. "Never do that again," she giggled, pulling Jane in for another kiss, "but that was incredible." Frankie dropped back down onto the floor, then noticed Jane's shirt and stifled a laugh.
Jane looked down. "Oh my God Frankie, look at my top! I can't be seen like this!" Jane stared in genuine horror at her white t-shirt, which was now so thoroughly soaked with water from Frankie's wet body that it had turned entirely see-through. Worse yet it now also stuck tightly to her body, showing off every curve, nook, and cranny in alarmingly fine detail - she now looked almost as naked as Frankie. "You can see everything!" Jane complained, trying to peel the shirt loose from her chest.
Frankie was unrepentant. "Gosh, if only there was some way to quickly dry it off..." she teased, wryly nodding over at the rows and rows of empty dryers, and Jane glared back at her as she stood there holding the base of her shirt as far away from her body as possible.
"Well yeah, but some idiot already threw my coat into the wash so now I can't 'quickly dry it off', not unless I want to hang out here naked until it's done," Jane fumed, sarcastically mimicking Frankie's voice. The high of the girls' make out session was threatening to fade for Jane, and now she felt very exposed and very scared again.
Frankie didn't reply, but instead raised a mischievous eyebrow and smiled.
Jane immediately saw where this was going and shook her head decisively. "No, Frankie seriously. No."
Her girlfriend tilted her head to the side. "Come on Jane..."
"No!"
Frankie sighed, seemed to try and make up her mind about something, and then apparently managed to convince herself to do whatever it was she was thinking about.
"I tell you what... if you can last ten minutes without your shirt, if you leave it in the dryer until it's all nice and warm, then I'll do this..." Frankie pulled Jane close and whispered something completely outrageous into her ear, something so outrageous that it actually made Jane blush a little and nervously bite her lip in anticipation.
"Really? You'll actually do that?" she asked, frowning down at Frankie who in turn nodded confidently.
"Oh yeah... but only if you get naked in the next five seconds," she smiled, smugly stepping back and expectantly gazing down at Jane's shirt.
And the crazy thing was, Jane did get naked.
She had reached that point where she was simply too horny to think straight anymore, or to realise how stupid and reckless she was being. The process of getting head on every machine in the laundrette, followed by the sight of her girlfriend flashing an entire busload of strangers, and then the intense make out session just a minute earlier, had put her into a state where she didn't care about any potential consequences anymore, instead she just needed, more than anything, to see what Frankie would do next.
"Ok... fine." With her eyes on the door Jane slowly stripped off her t-shirt, grimacing as it peeled away from where it had stuck itself to her skin, and then Frankie, keen to take away her girlfriend's only remaining item of clothing before she changed her mind and asked for it back, whipped away Jane's top, threw it in a dryer, and hit start. With the timer set for ten minutes Jane was now just as trapped as Frankie, and, for the first time, just as naked.
"Right, time for my end of the bargain then." Frankie, who was also so turned-on it was concerning, kicked away her trainers, pulled off her socks, and then strolled over to the bank of dryers which stood facing the door, before effortlessly hopping up to kneel on the central machine. She spread her knees wide and sank down until her butt was resting on the cold metal top, then she leant forwards, reached for the control panel, and twisted the spin dial around to maximum speed.
"Oh wow..." With her shins now transmitting every shake and tremble from the aggressively vibrating dryer up into her body Frankie leant back with her hands planted on either side of her calves, then pushed her chest out into the air as she let out a few deep breaths. "Fuck... oh my God, oh fuuuck..."
With the dryer now shaking from side to side the laundrette was filled with the sound of the old machine rattling and clattering away as it threatened to jump free from where it was bolted to the floor, and riding on top of it Frankie was quickly going cross-eyed as she continued to push all of her weight down onto her pussy. Jane, who was starting to feel a bit weak at the knees, took a seat on the bench to watch the show, and as she watched Frankie play with herself she too found her hands starting to creep down to cautiously rest on her lap. Unlike her girlfriend she wasn't bold enough to masturbate right there in the middle of a public space, but she was getting alarmingly close to giving it a go.
But then, just as Jane was about to start touching herself too, for the fourth and final time the girls were interrupted by someone at the door.
Frankie froze in place but made no attempt to cover up as inside walked a guy aged around eighteen, nineteen, maybe twenty at most. When he saw Frankie he froze too, one hand still holding the door half open, which allowed a cool breeze and a spattering of rain to leak inside. Jane immediately brought her knees up and hugged them to her best as she bundled herself up into a ball, but she stayed rooted there on the bench as she was too shocked to make a dive for cover. The boy, with his drenched Macintosh dripping water onto the doormat, continued to just stand there, staring up at Frankie on the dryer as his brain struggled to process what he's just stumbled upon.
After a few more seconds of silence Frankie plucked up the courage to speak. "Umm, look.... I don't mind if you leave or stay, but could you shut the door please?" she asked, smiling down at the boy as she leant forwards to turn off the dryer. "You're letting the cold in," she said, turning the dial down to zero and bringing the juddering machine to a halt.
Jane, watching on from the bench, had no idea if Frankie was genuinely more concerned about being seen from someone looking in from the street or the stiff breeze that was now blowing into the laundrette, but either way she was absolutely mind blown that her girlfriend was inviting this stranger indoors.
The boy blinked rapidly for a moment as he tried to take in what Frankie had just said, then he cautiously took another step inside, took his hand away from the door, and let it swing shut behind him. Jane noticed him slowly bringing his bag of washing up to sit in front of his tracksuit bottoms, and realised that he must be just as turned-on by Frankie's naked body as she was.
"Is this ok?" Frankie asked, nodding down at her body, then twisting at the waist to smile back at Jane. "Us, being like this, I mean," she added, turning back to the boy.
He in turn just nodded slowly, which made Frankie slowly lean forwards again and reach for the dial.
"Alright then," she said, turning up the speed again until the dryer began to shake. "Then I'm just going to keep going, ok? And you can watch if you want."
The boy readjusted his grip on his bag as he kept it pinned in front of his crotch, and Jane watched on in disbelief as Frankie sank back again, with her butt pressed against her heels, and began to run her hands up and down her torso. Making eye contact with the boy she stuck two fingers into her mouth, licked them, and then traced down her stomach until she was at her pussy. With a lazy smile Frankie slowly slipped her fingers inside, then began to slow ease them in and out as she leant her head back and closed her eyes.
Jane watched her girlfriend writhing there as the dryer continued to shake her from below, causing her butt to jiggle and ripple as she was vibrated by the rumbling machine. By the door the boy had taken one hand away from the handle of his bag and seemed to be rummaging in his tracksuit instead, and soon Frankie noticed this too.
In-between her little whimpers and moans she called out to the boy in a breathless gasp. "Hey, it's ok... if you'd like to you can touch... touch yourself too... I don't mind," she said, leaning forwards to change the angle as she continued to finger herself.
The boy looked over at Jane warily, and she could see in his eyes that he was torn. Fair enough, she supposed, getting your dick out in a room with two strangers must feel like a strange thing to do, even if those two strangers were already naked. She kind of wanted to see it though - whereas Frankie was bisexual, and had fooled around with her fair share of boys at uni, Jane had only ever been with girls, and she found herself wondering what the boy's dick looked like. And so, despite herself, she found herself very, very slowly lowering her knees, until she was sitting on the bench with her legs folded to the side, and her hands cupped over her boobs.
Now it was Jane who had the boy's attention, and he gulped slightly as he watched Jane take a breath, then bring her hands away from her tits. Jane forced herself to keep still as she sat there and let the boy look at her - he was the first guy to ever see her topless, and it took all her willpower to stop herself from covering up as she watched his eyes roam over her chest.
The boy correctly interpreted Jane's boobs as a sign that she also didn't mind if he jerked off, and as she'd hoped he might he dropped his bag to the floor, revealing a very obvious bulge in his tracksuit bottoms, untied his trousers, and then pulled them down a few inches to reveal his tented underwear. He was clearly still shy, so rather than fully exposing himself to the two women he instead slipped his hand inside his boxers and began to cautiously play with himself.
"Nice," Frankie grinned, giving both the boy and Jane a nod of approval, before getting back to the important task of getting herself off. Jane, still sitting there on the bench with her legs tucked up and angled to the side, tried to relax as she sat back to lean against the wall with her boobs still out on display, and not wanting to feel left out she slowly slipped a hand down between her legs, being careful not to flash anymore skin than she already had.
The boy, noticing Jane's thighs grinding against each other, had seemingly become too horny to care about the women seeing his dick anymore, so he pulled his cock out from his boxers and continued to jerk off with a newfound freedom as his other hand reached down to grasp his balls through his underwear. It was the first penis that Jane had seen in the flesh, and although she couldn't tell if it was a particularly large or impressive one its surprisingly dark colour, unexpectedly veiny shaft, and bulbous purple head, absolutely fascinated her. She couldn't tear her eyes away as she watched the boy masturbate with a steadily increasing pace, and as his gaze briefly flickered from Frankie's body over to Jane the pair accidentally made eye contact, blushed, and then quickly looked away again.
"Oh God!" Frankie was also properly going to town on herself too, and she began to shudder and hyperventilate as she switched from her kneeling position to lie flat on her back with her legs out wide in a butterfly pose, frantically rubbing at her clit with one hand and fingered herself with the other as the dryer threatened to shake itself free from the bolts holding it to the floor.
As he watched Frankie start to cum the boy reached down to his bag of laundry and pulled out a crumpled t-shirt, then just a fraction of a second later he too stiffened up and began to gasp. He balled the top up and aimed his dick down into it, then as his whole body went rigid he came onto his makeshift towel, furiously tugging at his dick as he emptied his load. Again, Jane had never seen a man ejaculate either, and her eyes grew wide as she saw just how many shots he fired out from his bulging tip, immediately coating the shirt in a gloopy, shiny mess.
Frankie had also reached a climax, and her toes curled as she gave out one final moan before bubbling over into the most intense orgasm she'd ever experienced. As she convulsed on the dryer the boy just stood there, breathing heavily as his heartrate slowly began to fall back to normal, with his t-shirt still clutched protectively over his crotch. On the bench Jane pulled her hand out from between her thighs and crossed her arms over her tits again - it seemed that the three of them were finished.
As the rush of endorphins from their orgasms began to fade away both the boy and Frankie slowly came back down to Earth, and began to remember where they were. Frankie gingerly climbed down from the dryer, her thighs shaking slightly as her feet reached the floor and took her weight, and then she rather bashfully hurried across the room and pulled out Jane's freshly dried shirt.
"Here," she said, tossing it over to Jane, who quickly tugged it back on as the boy respectfully averted his gaze. "Everything else will still be soaked," Frankie said, moving over to the washer and tugging out the girls' coats, both of which were dripping wet. "Want to just risk the rain?" she asked, turning to smile at Jane.
"Sure," her girlfriend smiled back. If you'd told Jane a couple of days ago that she was about to voluntarily walk out in public, dressed in nothing but a thin, white t-shirt, she'd have laughed at you. But now she didn't care anymore - she was the only one of the three yet to cum, and she was still so horny that she couldn't wait to get home to get even with Frankie.
Jane got up and helped Frankie scoop the rest of the wet washing into their bag, then she slung the laundry over her shoulder and followed her naked girlfriend to the door.
As they passed by the boy, who still held his cum-stained shirt in front of his crotch to cover himself, Frankie placed a hand on his chest, reached up on her tiptoes and gently kissed him on the cheek. "Thank you," she whispered, smiling up at him sincerely, but the red-faced boy remained too stunned to speak and struggled to produce anything more than another nod in reply.
Jane couldn't bring herself to look him in the eye as she scuttled out of the door, then she squealed as the first gust of wind hit her front and gusted straight up her shirt. She and Frankie strode out into the downpour, walking with their arms linked together, and they began to laugh uncontrollably as their hair and bodies quickly became absolutely drenched by the incessant rain.
"Hey, look," Jane smirked, pointing across the street. Inside the red phone box there was a man, facing away from the road, taking a call, and the girls giggled as they realised that although he had a naked polaroid of Frankie staring him in the face, he was missing the genuine article as she nonchalantly strolled past him behind his back.
"Ok, I'll admit it," Frankie giggled, pulling Jane's body into hers as they sloshed their way down the middle of the waterlogged street. "Over the course of the last few days I may have developed a bit of a kink about people seeing me naked..."
"Yeah, no shit!" Jane replied, before confessing that Frankie's performance in front of the boy had been the single most erotic thing she'd ever seen.
Frankie chuckled. "But you were showing off tonight as well," she smiled, reaching over and slipping her hand up Jane's transparent shirt to give her butt a squeeze. "Getting naked with me, and then showing that boy your tits... and now walking home in a completely see-through top!"
Jane giggled nervously. "Well no one seems to be around," she said, gesturing around at the deserted high street, "and if anyone does turn up on the way back I think they'll be too distracted by you to notice me!"
Frankie gave Jane a playful slap on the rear. "Oh shut up," she said, rolling her eyes. "Speaking of getting home though... think I can make it back to the flat without having to get dressed again?"
Jane smiled. "Well, there's only one way to find out," she said, as the girls turned off the main road and headed back towards their apartment block.
As it turned Frankie did manage to make it all the way home without covering up again, as every time the girls encountered an umbrella-wielding passer-by they would simply run past them, screaming and dying of laughter as they sped away into the darkness. They were fortunate not to bump into any of their neighbours as they raced through the corridors of their apartment block, then as soon as they were back in their flat Jane stripped off her top and again the pair headed straight to the shower to warm each other up.
That night, as the rain continued to beat against their window and the flashes of lightning periodically illuminated their intertwined bodies, Jane and Frankie made love with a hunger and ferocity which until then they hadn't known they were capable of, and soon hours upon hours of earth-shatteringly intense waves of orgasm had absolutely flown by.
The following morning, where both women were woken up by the beautiful sight of a rainbow curving across the sky, they discovered that they had such weak knees and aching legs that they found it physically difficult to walk. So they just simply decided not to, and spent the rest of the day having sex instead. Around midday they grew quite peckish, so Jane rang up a local pizza parlour and put in an order. When the delivery guy arrived at the front door Frankie volunteered to slowly waddle over to the landing and collect their food - still totally naked, of course.
"Cheers," Jane joked a minute or so later, reaching over and tapping the tip of her slice of pizza against Frankie's as the pair ate their food in bed.
"Cheers, and here's to the laundrette," Frankie toasted. "And to our washing machine too, actually," she then added, "for blowing up and making this week so much fun!"
*****
That final outrageous evening in the rain marked the end of the Frankie and Jane's run of trips to the laundrette.
This wasn't a conscious decision either of them made, but it just so happened that for the following couple of nights first Frankie was busy, and then it was Jane's turn to have plans. This meant that a few days passed without any further washing machine related adventures, until one morning a totally naked and very hungover Jane woke up spreadeagled across the bed, groaning in pain as she blinked away the harsh sunlight which was peeking in through the blinds.
She'd got home very late after a boozy night out with some of her work friends, and although she had no memory of making it home she assumed from her lack of clothing that Frankie had still been up to help her undress.
"Urgh, God..." Jane briefly tried to go back to sleep but it was no good, she had a raging headache and her skull felt like it was threatening to split itself in two. And so, after downing half a bottle of water, she groggily rolled over, got to her feet, and slowly walked to the door in search of some paracetamol.
Prioritising pills over freshening up Jane walked past the bathroom and headed straight to the kitchen, not bothering to get dressed as she staggered through the flat in the nude. Maybe the nights at the laundrette were starting to have a lasting effect on her, because before today she'd never have dreamt of leaving the bedroom without either her pyjamas or a towel, but now it just felt like the natural thing to do.
"Urgh Frankie, I want to die," she complained as she entered the kitchen, "I know I've said it before but this time I swear that I am never, ever, drinking again - ah, shit!"
As she walked through the doorway Jane almost suffered a heart attack as she first saw Frankie, who was fully dressed and casually resting against the sink with a huge grin on her face, before secondly noticing Jason the handyman, who was crouched next to the washing machine wearing an even larger smile. He made no attempt to look away as Jane appeared from the hallway, naked as the day she was born.
"For God's sake Frankie!" Jane snapped, immediately clamping her hands over her body as she squirmed there, glaring down at Jason who continued to stare up at her with a lecherous grin.
"Oh, sorry babe," Frankie smiled, nodding down at the handyman. "I forgot to tell you, Jason is here to fix the washing machine!"
"I'm sure you 'forgot'," Jane sneered, not believing for a second that this had been an accident.
Frankie just continued to smirk at her. "What is it you're looking for?" she asked. "Paracetamol I'm guessing, based on the state you were in last night," she teased, winking at Jane. "They're in the cupboard down there."
Frankie gazed meaningfully at Jane, who in turn looked down to glower at Jason again. Unfortunately for Jane her embarrassment was painfully acute but even more so was her headache, so she swallowed her pride and continued into the kitchen, focusing all of her energies into giving Frankie the best death stare she could manage as she tried her best to ignore the handyman.
Jane couldn't believe that she'd managed to successfully strip completely naked in a public laundrette without too much hassle, but in the safety of her own home she'd somehow been caught in the nude by a total stranger. Still though, one man had already seen her tits that week, so was there really much harm in bringing that total up to two? Jane decided that there wasn't, so she crouched down by the medicine draw and pulled out a packet of pills, trying not to flash her butt too graphically as she straightened up and turned on her heel to leave.
"Hope your headache isn't too bad babe," Frankie joked, as by her side Jason reluctantly turned to continue to his repairs.
Jane walked stiffly back the way she'd come, her fists angrily balled at her sides, and Frankie smiled to herself as she watched her girlfriend's rear, receiving a sharp stab of dj vu as she remembered that first morning when the washing machine had flooded.
After flopping down back into bed Jane used the last of her water to wash down a handful of paracetamol, then before she really knew what she was doing she found herself lying back, covering her eyes with her arm, and using her other hand to reach down and play with herself as she replayed the look on Jason's face, and then the look on the boy's face, over again in her mind. Half an hour later the repairs were all finished, and when she heard the handyman leaving through the front door Jane cautiously re-emerged from the bedroom, this time safely wrapped up in a dressing gown.
She walked over to Frankie in the kitchen and the two stood in front of the washing machine, frowning down at it suspiciously. "So... it's fixed?" Jane asked.
Frankie, who seemed strangely subdued despite the obvious pleasure of successfully embarrassing Jane earlier, nodded slowly in reply. "Yep... we can do our own laundry again, in our own home. Which is good..."
"Yeah... that is a relief," Jane agreed, but her voice too sounded oddly flat.
The girls had pestered their landlord for the better part of a month in order to reach this moment, but now that the repairs were finally complete it felt like a hollow victory. Jane and Frankie stood there in silence for a few more seconds, trying to work out if they were both thinking the same thing, and if either of them was going to say it.
As always it was Frankie who spoke up first, biting her lip nervously as she turned to her girlfriend and cleared her throat. "Umm, babe... do you think we could still go to the laundrette anyway? Like tonight, maybe?"
Jane sighed in relief and nodded enthusiastically - she was glad that Frankie had asked, as she'd secretly been dying to say the same thing. "Yeah, of course we can!" she grinned, before glancing down at her robe. "But first let me find something absolutely filthy to wear, this dressing gown is way too clean!"
"I love you!" Frankie giggled in delight and impulsively tore Jane's dressing gown wide open, who for once made no attempt to stop her, then in a flash the girls had both stripped off their clothes and streaked squealing with excitement back to the bedroom to prepare for their next trip.
Never before, not in all of human history, had anyone been so excited to go and do the laundry.
The End.
*****
Thanks for reading everyone, and please pray that my own washing machine is fixed as quickly as possible too, for I am also quickly running out of clean clothes and, unlike Frankie, have no desire to end up taking a naked trip to my local laundrette. Take care, and I'll see you all soon for the next one.