This is the end of a series. Without reading Chapters 4 and 5, it might not make much sense, given Ginny's experiences while on vacation. Don't forget to vote for each and send feedback!
* * * * *
I slept apart from JJ and Luala the night after my gang bang in Lulu's poolroom, afraid that I might spread some awful tropical disease if I let down my guard and had sex with them. Instead, I lay awake in the other room and heard their passionate whimpers and groans as they found their pleasure without me. When I finally fell asleep, my dreams were filled with awful images of me being raped to nearly to death by an endless procession of evil, gold-toothed island demons...all with lumpy, green-colored faces. They were reflections of the day's reality...except for the elements of rape and death. Though drunk, I'd been quite willing to take on all those men and had been driven crazy by fucking them in public, thinking that I'd die from pleasure by doing it in front of so many others. I tossed and turned continually during my dreams, and awoke in the morning with wet fingers in my crotch and a sore rectum from the previous afternoon's repeated, brutal use of my ass.
I was up early, though, and fixed us all breakfast, much to the surprise of JJ and Luala, to whom I didn't reveal the bawdy secrets of the previous day. Both of them looked socleancompared to the way I felt, and were a most unlikely pairing...a handsome, mid-50s, mature white man and a gorgeous, late teen, Asian island girl. They both ate ravenously, replenishing what I knew was exhausted sexual energy leached from their bodies during the night...in JJ's case with the help of Viagra. As we finished our meal, I was reflecting on the way we'd live together in our California house, after Luala returned with us to enter the university.
But that thought was interrupted as my attendant, Muana, stuck her head in the front door and announced, "Phone call, Ginny!"
I'd thrown on a pair of shorts and a crop top after my morning shower, and raced to the enclosure housing the village phone lines. "Ginny?" said Nick's deep, sexy tones on the other end. "I got the results of your tests, and..."
"Yeah, Nick!" I gasped, as my vitals froze, anticipating the worst...contracting a sexual disease from my one-woman orgy of the day before at Lulu's.
"You're clean...everything's negative," he said. "But, the doc suggests that you continue with the antibiotics 'til you get home and get re-tested there, just in case."
"Thank Gawd," I muttered, clutching at my hammering heart. In a few moments I uttered, "Nick. Nick! I'm so grateful! I've been such a fool! How can I ever thank you! Will I see you before we leave? We're flying out Sunday night!"
"Expect a miracle, Ginny," he said, in the most reassuring tones I'd ever heard. Jeezus! One sound of this guy's voice and I'd follow him anywhere! I thought. "If you don't see me, I'll call when I get to the mainland. I get to the States once or twice a year."
"The college has JJ's contact info!" I bleated. "Please don't forget...and...Nick...thanks again, so much!"
"Sure, Ginny...my pleasure...buh-bye," and the line clicked off.
For some reason, tears were forming in my eyes as I replaced the receiver. I hurt deeply in my lower belly, from an unlikely longing that I hadn't felt in years...since JJ and I had first begun our affair and I'd been unable to have him all the time. I'd really been impressed with Nick and had thought of him since I'd awakened. But I collected myself, threw my shoulders back, and walked back to our vacation bungalow, telling myself to stop acting like a schoolgirl.
Anu, the Chief's son, was standing outside the entrance, waiting for me. I hadn't seen him for more than two minutes since our feverish few days of fucking days before. "You go...'Mer-kuh," he mumbled, piercing deeply into my soul with his eyes. "Come back?" he asked. "Be Queen?"
"Oh, Anu...I'm not worthy," I gasped, at which he looked at me quizzically, not understanding. We dropped down to sit on the hut's elevated lanai for a half-hour, with me doing most of the talking. At the end, I said, "I'll always remember you...feel you...but...," and I grasped his hand. I held his arm next to mine, thinking that our different skin colors might be the easiest way to explain my spurning of his love. Though I'd gotten a deep tan, the contrast in color was striking, given his rich, dark brown body. "My people need me," I said, pointing to my forearm, "...and your people need you," I continued, pointing to his. Then I placed my hand over my heart for a moment and touched my fingers lightly to his lips.
Anu looked down, squeezed his eyes closed for a moment, seeming to stifle a tear, and looked back at me with moist eyes. "I give you...me," he said, and handed me an oblong package, wrapped in the broad leaf of a jungle plant. I opened it and was stunned. It was a long piece of polished, purple mahogany, meticulously hand-carved, of his erect cock and balls, complete with ringlets of pubic hair. Even the foreskin behind the head looked so lifelike that I wanted to put it in my mouth. It was a perfect rendering of his princely sexual package, and I immediately moistened. He'd carved it for me! And, though we were sitting on the front porch, I stifled an impulse to throw myself on him and fuck ourselves to orgasm in front of our village neighbors.
Re-wrapping the beautiful object, I held it to my bosom and murmured, "I'll cherish your gift always," and once again touched his lips with my fingers.
With that, he rose, gathered himself, and said, "I go...build canoe," and strode toward the beach, out of my life, probably forever.
I was shaken as I walked inside, past JJ and Luala, and flopped down on the bed in the second room, my eyes once again leaking tears as I clutched Anu's hardwood dildo. This wasnotgoing to be a good day, I thought. All of my indiscretions seemed to be catching up with me at once. And, sure enough – as if I'd predicted it – around mid-morning I heard the unmistakable sounds of Sam's motorcycle outside our bungalow. "JJ!" I yelled to my father-in-law in the next room, who was editing dirty fuck pictures of me on his laptop, "I'm in miserable shape and will need your support with Sam!" I got up slowly, wondering why I'd been born, and walked out front to talk with the young island stud who'd gotten drunk and left me at the mercy of the rapacious gang of truck drivers at Lulu's bar the day before. As I passed JJ, I pleaded, "Close the porn film deal with Sam when I ask you to, okay? I need to talk with him first, uuh...personally."
"Sure, kiddo," he said.
"God, Ginny, I really fucked up. I'm so sorry," said Sam.
"That's okay, guy. I'm a big girl," I said, with bravado, though I felt angry with him, especially since my ass hurt as much as my pride. I'd lost count of how many times I'd been viciously sodomized by his acquaintances, the crew of native truck drivers who worked in thekavafields.
"Yeah, but, I wanna make it up ta ya...".
"Sam!" I interrupted. "What's between us from now on is strictly business...the porno film business. JJ will explain it all to you. Right now I've got stuff to do...with Andi an'...JJ!" I called out.
JJ ambled outside and I said to him, "Explain our film deal to Sam, will you? I've gotta, uuh...get ready for tonight." Turning again to Sam, I said, perhaps more curtly than I should have, "We'll see you tomorrow afternoon...ifyou're driving us to the airport. If you're not, I'll e-mail you at the college, okay? I gave him a quick, sisterly hug, a passionless kiss on the lips, and said, "See ya!"
I walked back inside, trembling, then continued out the back door to the outdoor toilet, and felt like I was going to vomit my breakfast into the bowl. Instead, I sat on it until my stomach spasms passed, and tried to piece together the conflicting events of the past couple of weeks. I peed finally and, as it made itsswishingsound, I thought of the absurd way that my pussy had governed my behavior...not only during our vacation, but for years! Once I'd been thought of as intelligent, and I think JJ still considered me so. But, whenever I was away from him it seemed that my brains migrated to my cunt! I vowed at that moment that, once stateside, I'd see a therapist who specialized in sexual disorders. Seriously, I was in deep, obsessive trouble. As I wiped myself clean, I rationalized that such self-realizations as these were what vacations were all about.
Luala, Andi and I spent a few hours together, starting to weave together what I hoped would be a nurturing three-part relationship in our California home for the next few years. In late afternoon it became time for JJ and I to prepare for our evening dinner party. I then lost myself in one of the activities at which I seemed best...decorating my body for the ceaselessly horny male of the species. Luala helped me. JJ had told me she was already on the company payroll. Privately, I wondered how she justified in her mind being paid equal amounts to help me shower and brush my hair to a glittering sheen...and bring JJ – and sometimes me – to orgasm in the middle of the night. It was as if she were a "lady in waiting," as well as a nanny for my daughter, and a mistress for JJ. Was itright? I reflected. I didn't know. But, of course, I was a vulgar American, not a sophisticated Asian, and still had a lot to learn about such things.
JJ was familiar with fancy dinner parties. I was not, and as the day wore on I grew increasingly nervous. I decided to wear a rather formal looking, stretchy, dark blue knit dress, highlighted with strands of silver in the weave. It had full-length sleeves and a straight-cut neck at my throat. Its skirt was a wraparound type, starting underneath at my right hip, encircling me and fastening at the left hip, overlapping the opening completely. Below the waist, it clung revealingly to my bottom. Yet, only in the most revealing sitting position would my legs be exposed at all – unless I wanted them to be – in which case they could be revealed to my crotch. The designer garment made me feel very sexy underneath. It clung nicely to my upper body, emphasizing my breasts, yet – superficially – it was very modest and tasteful.
The back of the dress was a different story. Though it stopped in front at my throat, behind my shoulder line it scooped open widely to end in a vee just inches above my butt crack. In effect, then, most of my back – rather nicely-muscled and tanned if I must say so – was nude from shoulders to ass, even showing my gluteal dimples...which was why JJ had bought me the very revealing thing in the first place. In a deceptive attempt at camouflaging the fully open back, the designer had attached two narrow pieces of the dress's material at the front shoulder line, which could either be tied in a bow or trail down the back like streamers when I walked. All they did, of course, was draw more attention to the ample expanse of skin on my back. Moreover, wearing panties or a thong underneath would only show above the butt line, and invite clucking critical tongues, so I decided to go without underwear, including a bra, which would've thrown off my smooth torso line in any case. So, I figured that 2", black, ankle-strap heels – drawing attention to my small feet and nicely turned ankles – and dangling silver earrings would round out the ensemble. For everywhere but at the dinner table, I decided discreetly to wrap my shoulders and back with a navy blue-and-white flowered shawl that I'd bought in Honolulu.
JJ started to dress as I applied makeup in front of my mirror and said, "You'll be the belle of the ball tonight, babe!"
"I'm so nervous, JJ. I've never been to college. What do I say if some faculty member asks me something?" I was also afraid that news of my gang bang at Lulu's might have spread. Though I'd applied some healing ointment to my colon and rectum, I was constantly reminded of that public orgy since I was still very sensitive back there.
"Just be honest, Ginny. These are hardly Nobel Prize winners. Just give 'em your impressions of the island, talk about Andi, and our nice, conventional life."
"Yeah...our swinger's club, our adultery and incest, my group sex with a dozen village natives, and our plans for a porn business," I said, bitchily. I hadn't told him about the score of men I'd fucked and sucked in the poolroom's phone booth the day before.
"C'mon, babe, you look fabulous! You'll put every broad there to shame! Just...maybe a little more silver highlight on your dark blue eyelids...," he said, squinting and giving me a makeup tip.
"Goddammit, JJ! I can do this alone!" I barked, shrugging his hand from my shoulder. Jeezus! One thing Ididknow was how to apply makeup!
"You're right," he said. "Sorry." He looked at me in the mirror and said, "I'm gonna get you a brandy before we leave so you'll chill out a bit."
He left, returning with a snifter of good cognac, half of which I gulped. "Thanks," I muttered, now sorry I'd snapped at him.
"'S'okay, kiddo. 'Bout finished? The car'll be here in 15 minutes to pick us up."
"Sam's not driving us?" I asked, curiously.
"No, why complicate things?" he asked. "The Dean's sending a driver."
Part 2
Forty-five minutes later we were ringing the Dean's doorbell at a beautiful, post-modern glass and concrete house adjoining some other college buildings, all of which JJ had designed. As I stood nervously beside JJ, the door opened slowly and a deep voice resonated to someone inside, saying, "Yeah, that's what I told him!" and I froze in panic because Iknew that voice.
The door was now fully open and there stood Nick, who'd witnessed my pool hall exhibitionism the day before, dressed in a linen sport jacket with tie and tropical slacks. I quickly realized that he was the Dean of the college! "Jay!" he beamed, reaching out to shake JJ's hand. "And...?" he said, looking at me.
"Ginny!" said JJ, which prompted a warm look from Nick's eyes as he shook my hand.
"Very pleased to meet you," I gasped, my heart in my throat.
"Pleasure's all mine, Ginny!" said Nick, inviting us inside and not hinting at our earlier meeting the previous day. He'd created for JJ, and his guests inside, the subterfuge that we'd never before met. Once inside we were introduced around, and after a while a couple of cocktails had lessened my initial social reticence.
Most of the dozen people there were between 40 and 60, I guessed, with Nick being among the youngest at 35. The woman with Nick, a 5'9", full-bodied, longhaired brunette about 30, had stunning posture. Named Elaine, she was an especially confident hostess, conversing easily with each couple, injecting humor whenever she could, and laughing in a melodious contralto voice. When she spoke with me, however, I felt as if I'd been laid open under the peering eyes of a forensic physiologist, dissecting my entire being to reveal all of my inner secrets.
I was glad, then, when we sat down at dinner. Nick sat at the head of the table, with me to his left as he assumed the host's position, and JJ sat to Elaine's left as she occupied the hostess's seat at the opposite end. We were the guests of honor! How nice, I thought, until I saw Elaine touching JJ whenever she made a conversational point amidst the noisy gathering. I also got the impression that her left hand was busy with his thigh under the table every once in a while. I was kept very busy by an extremely tall man – Paul was his name – about 50, whose leg never left mine under the table, and who tried to screen me from his wife, who sat at his left. I'd removed my shawl and put it behind me on my chair, so my naked back was bare for him to see. He taught math, he said, and was already drunk as dinner commenced. His hands were alive. When he wasn't swilling down glasses of Australian red wine, he was stroking whatever part of my tightly fitting blue dress that was within reach. My only salvation was Nick, who interrupted the math instructor whenever it appeared he was getting too familiar or intimate.
I became lost in the dinner conversation...something about integration and discrimination...as concepts and realities...practiced in the Pacific islands. Whenever I thought I understood a line of reasoning, I'd come away with a conflicting premise. I hoped that it was the alcohol, rather than my stupidity...or lack of a higher education.
"These islanders can't learn math," Paul said to the gathering, slurring his words.
"That's probably because it requires discriminatory thought processes," said someone else.
"Ahh...they're just dumb," he responded.
"I think it might be because they're not used to searching for unknowns, like westerners," said Nick.
"I agree, Nick," said JJ. "To them, everything is known...seen...everything happens in the present."
"All they can do is add," said Paul, "...and only in its most rudimentary form. For example, man plus woman equals children!" he guffawed. "Kavaplus peppers equalssakau!"
"They have no concept of time," said a mousy female English instructor as dessert arrived. "There's no yesterday or tomorrow!"
"Don't you see?" asked Nick. "Everything they need is right there in front of them. Time has no value. Their culture includes all: food, drink, sun, rain, sex...nothing's left out for them towishfor! That's why we Anglo-Europeans depend on time...and math...so by breaking our lives into smaller, more manageable pieces, we can try to make tomorrow more to our liking!"
"These people just can't learn math...," reiterated Paul, "...the simplest science around."
"That's not true, Paul," said Nick, his eyes flashing. "First, math's not a science, it's alanguage...using different kinds of logic. "Those who want to, get it. For example, Jay's sponsoring one of our students – Luala – in the Architecture Program at U.C. because she's a whiz at Lobechevskian Geometry...the most challenging math field imaginable!"
JJ chimed in, "Yeah, she's going to be a star when her curvilinear designs start to be used. You just watch, Paul!"
I was lost. The only curvilinear form I'd seen Luala design was a contorted, acrobatic pose when she was fucking JJ as he stood holding her up, while she balanced herself on her hands that were flat on the floor.
Elaine then said, in an attempt at humor, "Yeah, but the question is, can she type?" which drew titters from around the table. Then, riveting me with a falsely polite gaze, she asked, "What do you think of all this, Ginny?"
I froze, flushed with embarrassment at being put on the spot in front of all these faculty members, and reached for my wineglass for support. My ears were burning as I said, haltingly, "These people, as you call them, are inclusive and accepting of anything...or anyone...that is important to them in their culture. We're just visitors here. Those whom they love they remember...forever. Those whom they don't respect, unfortunately, have a perverse effect on them. You can see that in the people who work for Americans...hotel maids, museum workers, even the truck drivers in the fields." I hoped that I'd gotten all my "whoms" right.
"Go on, Ginny," said my table mate Paul, who placed his damp, horny hand on the middle of my naked back. I flashed a quick look at him that said,Don't touch!and he withdrew his hand to scratch absently at his ear.
I'd been thinking of the truck driver Teou and his crowd who'd gang banged me the previous day at Lulu's when I'd spoken of natives that mainlanders had perverted. "I only hope that you, as educators, learn as much from them as the knowledge they're absorbing from you!" I concluded.
"Exactly," said Nick, into whose blue eyes I looked. There was a boundless universe in them that for a moment paralyzed and thrilled me. I took a deep sip of wine, and the whole table began chattering about something I remember from a high school lit class, "The White Man's Burden" and the "noble savage."
Nick reached over and grasped my hand, squeezed it, and looked more deeply into my eyes. He then rose, raised his glass, and toasted his "charming guests from the States," Jay and Ginny. Dinner was soon over, as we were invited into the bar for liqueurs.
As I waited for JJ to escort me from my place at the table, Elaine passed me with her arm through that of another male guest, saying under her breath, "Nick's always had a thing for succulent little blondes. He's just trying to get into her panties which, incidentally, she's not wearing." I flushed at her words, realizing that she, indeed, had checked me out very closely.
For minutes I felt stunned by her rudeness – since I'd heard she'd grown up as the daughter of a man high up in the CIA – who'd been schooled in the social protocol of the Washington, D.C. Beltway. But this was hardly the first time I'd been put down by a snotty bitch. In the bar I made mandatory small talk with a few guests, most of whom left shortly. Nick invited those remaining for an after dinner walk, to enjoy and discuss some murals one of the students had recently painted on the gymnasium building. He got no takers, so asked me, "Ginny? Wanta take a walk?"
"Sure. Fresh air'll do me good," I said, glad to get away from the stodgy, judgmental crowd, as I slipped my shawl around my shoulders to cover my naked back.
He handed me a pair of black Japanese slippers, saying, "These'll be better than your heels on our gravel paths," and we were off on our campus stroll.
Several minutes later I gasped, "Who painted these?" as I stared at the murals on the gym wall after a vigorous walk.
"Sam...your, uuh...escort...yesterday at Lulu's," Nick said.
"My Gawd...he's good!" I exclaimed, as I traced the pictorial history of the island since the Spanish occupation 400 years earlier. I didn't respond to the word, "escort."
"Yeah, but he's got these delusions about being in Hollywood," said Nick, sadly. "He's one of those kids you referred to as an islander whom 'we've perverted'."
"I'll keep that in mind," I barely whispered.
"What's that?" Nick asked.
"Oh, nothing," I said, finding myself easily as guilty of adding to Sam's perversion as anyone.
"Thanks very much for coming tonight," he said. "Talking with you has been a delight."
"When JJ told me we were having dinner at the Dean's, I had no idea it was you," I admitted.
"So, I take it that it's okay I didn't mention our meeting yesterday," he said.
"Right now, yesterday is a day I'd like to forget," I said, looking at him searchingly.
"That's fine with me. As we say on Pohnpei, that wasbefore," he said, holding my upper arms gently in his strong hands.
This is the moment when he's supposed to lean down and kiss me, I thought, as I looked up at him.And, boy! Do I ever want him to!I wished, as a warm numbness crept downward from my tummy. But he didn't kiss me. Instead, we walked slowly back to the house, marveling at its perfect symmetry with the slope of the hill, its cantilevered concrete roof and floor, its warmly lit interiors through glass exterior walls, and the profusion of surrounding jungle plants.
Inside, we discovered that all the guests had departed. I wondered where JJ and Elaine were, yet didn't worry, since he was always disappearing with women, and I'd been through similar situations countless times with him before. Nick poured me anotherCointreauand I sat on a stool at the bar, removing my shawl, while he excused himself to go to the bathroom. I sat there a moment, drumming my nails on the bar, then slipped off the stool to get my heels at the front door. I stepped out onto the cantilevered deck that surrounded the house and walked around the structure, looking in each lit room from the darkness. Outside what I assume was the library, crammed floor to ceiling with books, I looked through the tall windows and saw JJ and Elaine talking. She was standing next to a chaise and was facing me as I stood outside in the darkness, invisible to her. JJ was facing her from about six feet away, with his back to me. She had a winsome look on her face and I wished that I could hear what they were saying.
I didn't really need to, though, because in a few seconds she reached down to her thighs and began lifting her diaphanous, floor-length dress up her body, drawing it past her dark-haired, panty-less crotch, then up over her statuesque breasts, easily a 36 or 38-D. She tossed it aside at about the same time JJ doffed his jacket and tie and walked toward her into an embrace. I watched for a few more moments, until she sat on the chaise, her bare legs on either side of JJ's trousers, and loosened his belt so that his pants dropped. I could have stayed, but I knew what she was doing. I merely released a sigh and slowly walked back to the open glass door leading back into the bar to reclaim my seat.
Nick came out momentarily and said, "Sorry I took so long."
"Oh, no problem," I breathed, finishing my drink and wanting another, as I watched him standing behind me in the bar mirror.
"Your back is easily the sexiest I've ever seen," he murmured, tracing his soft lips over a shoulder blade and breathing hotly. I watched him as long as I could in the mirror, then had to close my eyes because his mustache made goose bumps break out everywhere and my groin began to ache from want.
"What about Elaine?" I asked, wondering if he knew what was afoot.
"She and Jay appear to be busy," he said.
"This is a regular thing?" I asked.
"Elaine and I aren't married," he said. "She followed me here a year-and-a-half ago with stars in her eyes, then got bored, and now she exercises her libido with whomever – male or female – when she wishes. At times, I think she does it to spite me."
"And you?"
"I'm a bit more discriminating," he said, and softly traced his hand down my back to my buttocks, gently probing into my crack with one finger.
"I'm clean, Nick, as you know. And, I like you very much," I said, dropping my head forward as a pleasant numbness suffused my body.
"I got the feeling you did," he murmured, nipping softly at the muscles all over my upper back. His warm hands were now stroking me from the shoulders to my butt. "Mmmm...you have the loveliest little bit of platinum down right at the top of your crack," he said, licking down my spinal valley to where my dress opening stopped.
I'd inhaled thirty seconds before and was waiting to exhale, but my insides were quivering and I could only do so in brief, hacking, gasps. "You...like...my bottom?" I whimpered, feeling moisture form between my legs.
"Mmmm...I want to nip at it...softly," he muttered, running his flat hands inside my dress's opening to stroke my sides from my armpits down to the flare of my hips, with what I recognized asThe Pohnpeian Touch. His hands then moved up to my shoulders, under the dress's yielding, stretchy fabric. He gently moved the material forward, off my shoulders, causing the top to slip down to the top of my breasts. And suddenly his hands were cupping their soft flesh, rolling my hard nipples between his fingers, which made me mewl and gasp at his feathery touches.
I wanted to wheel around on the bar stool to face him. My legs were slightly apart under my wraparound dress, and I'd hooked my heels over the foot rung on the stool. But I didn't turn. Instead, I reached across my chest and pulled the long sleeves off each of my arms so that the dress top dropped slowly to my waist. I whispered, "I'm not exactly going to throw myself at you, regardless of my actions yesterday."
"I know," he said. "You won't have to," and he filled his hands with my breasts, which now ached in anticipation of more caressing. A long, low moan escaped from my lips as his hands molded my tits gently, and it seemed to take him forever to slowly swing me around on the stool to face him. He breathed inward quickly as my nude breasts and torso lay open to his devouring gaze and incessant stroking. I'd seldom felt so naked...in my entire life. I know that I was blushing, since I felt hot from my face to my upper chest. "Your body is astounding!" he rasped, indicating some urgency, as his lips went to the soft globes of my tits. My back arched at the first touch of his wet mouth to a nipple, tickling the aureole with his mustache as he sucked softly and massaged the other with soft fingers. I was now mewling continuously and raised one hand to the back of his head in an unconscious invitation to suckle my other nipple.
I reached down to part my dress and show both of my tanned legs, nearly to the crotch. He inhaled sharply when my dress whispered open to bare my taut thighs. I wanted to feel thatnakednesswith him again, this time with all of me. My body had been appreciated countless times in my life, most compellingly of late with Anu and his cousins, but I'd never been blessed with the feeling of sensualfocusthat now emanated from Nick. "I...I really...really don't know...what to do...with you. I'm...kind of...confused right now...so bear with me...please," I begged.
"I think that you need a friend, an unselfish lover, and someone who's not always bargaining with you," he murmured, as his lips and hands coursed over me. "I'm no Jay, but...".
I didn't let him finish. I pulled him to me between my legs and kissed him, immediately thrusting my tongue repeatedly into his mouth as I moaned in my throat. One of my hands was again at the back of his neck, holding his head so that I could suck at his tongue. The other was at the small of his back, pulling him roughly toward my wet vulva, which I'd scooted forward so that my crotch was over the edge of the stool. "Please...Nick...I want you...right now!" I plead, pulling back and looking into the fathoms of his blue eyes. "Nnnngggh," I grunted, as his fingers grazed my dripping pussy, then slowly entered my hot insides. "Aaaahhh...ye-essss...right...there, N-Ni-Niiiick!"
I desperately wanted to strip off my dress, but was getting so excited that I didn't want to waste time in doing it. So, as his tongue licked downward to linger at my navel, which jumped at its touch because my tummy was trembling so much, I pushed down hard on my heels. This raised me off the stool, allowing me to pull the folds of my dress back from under my butt so that they trailed down behind me and my pussy wet the seat's plastic. My labia were hot and swollen from his fingers. I knew, also, that they were pink and ready for him. I leaned back against the cushioned edge of the bar and spread my legs further apart. "You're like a moist, tropical flower," he whispered, to which I groaned and closed my eyes as I felt his heated breath against my vulva.
Then his tongue touched my cunt, causing a galvanic reaction, a loud grunt, and a sudden upward stab of my hips. He licked my entire gash, from perineum to clit, with one slow, wet, upward stroke. "Uuuunnngh," I uttered, to which he responded by slowly licking the gooey creases on either side of my puffy lips. "Ohhh...ohhh...ohhh, Nick...yessss," I murmured, as he slowly entered my pussy with his stiff tongue, twisting it in a spiral motion and sucking forth the juice that felt like it was pouring from me. I felt him swallow, more than once, moaning in his throat as he did so, which made me feel very wanted. And, as my body was slowly progressing toward orgasm, he pulled the stool on which I was sitting out a few inches, allowing me to lie back with my shoulder blades against the bar's soft, cushioned edge. Totally comfortable, I reached out and grabbed both of the heels on my shoes to pull my legs apart wider yet, so he could eat all of me that he wanted.
"Ambrosia...and the finest nectar," Nick mumbled, as he reamed the soft inner tissues of my vagina. I was loving the way this intelligent, sensitive,sensuousman was enjoying me, and abandoned myself to his expert tongue. And it was suddenlythere...at my hard, nearly bursting clitoris, flicking away with the rapidity and gentleness of a hummingbird. Had the island girls taught him how to eat pussy? I wondered, remembering when the Chief's attendants had serviced me expertly nearly two weeks before. It didn't matter where he'd learned, I decided. That wasbefore, and my body was responding joyfully to the present...the sublimenow-ness of his mouth.
"Ohh, Nick...Nick...Nick...I'm...yes...I'm...ohh...ohh...uuhh...uuhh...uuhhnn...uuhhnn," I chanted as my insides heated from warm, repetitive waves to hot, electrical spasms, to a cauldron of molten sexual lava. I released the grip on my heels and my feet dropped down around his shoulders in a near autonomic response, attempting to draw his head and incredible tongue deep inside to my womb. I yelped sharply as each shard of pleasure hit me at its peak, then moaned as each passed, then mewled, whimpering finally, as the tremors departed to leave me languorous and feeling very loved.
Only after Nick had risen to his feet and I'd embraced him, tasting myself on his mustache then his tongue as we embraced, that I looked to my right in the floor-length mirror at the end of the bar. In it I saw the reflection of Elaine standing in the doorway to my left, twenty feet from us, wearing a Japanese sleeping robe that she'd left open, revealing her full, curvaceous body. She had a half-smile on her face, one finger at the corner of her lips as if she were nibbling on a fingernail, and turned quickly, vanishing after knowing that I'd seen her. For a moment I wondered if she'd witnessed everything. JJ was nowhere to be seen.
"Nick! Elaine just saw us!" I rasped in a stage whisper.
"Doesn't matter, Ginny. They're busy...and so are we. Let's get rid of these encumbering garments," he said, wryly, and undressed himself completely as I dismounted the stool to peel my dress down past my hips. I stood there in my heels and watched him as his cock popped out. It was long, hard and very ready. My trembling fingers went to it like a child's does to a gift on Christmas morning, pulling at it, feeling its steely substrate under the baby-soft skin. I dropped to my knees, but he pulled me to my feet. "Uh-uh," he whispered, "I want you on the stools," and quickly lined up three bar seats next to one another. I lay on them on my side, and he stepped up to me, saying, "I've had an erection since yesterday...waiting for this moment."
I smiled at him, opened my mouth and said, "Aaahhnn," to let him know that I, also, had missed not sucking him off when we'd had the chance the day before. "Give me your cock, Nick," I whispered. "I want it. I wanta drink down your cum. Aaahhnng," I groaned wantonly, just before his thick glans slipped past my lips to lodge against the top of my throat. He pulled out completely, resting the crown in the corner of my mouth, and I grabbed his member at the base. "More, Nick. Give it all to me," I requested, dropping my head over the edge of the first stool so that my throat formed a straight portal of entry.
He flexed his hips slowly, allowing me time to work his corona past my epiglottis, then we set up an easy rhythm which seemed to last forever. It was slow, languorous, and allowed me to breathe with ease, as my head lolled upside down over the edge of the stool. I drooled so much that saliva ran from my lips, into and around my nose, and over my eyes and forehead to seep into my hair. I felt at one with Nick's cock, quickly memorizing its unique skin and vein patterns since our pace was so slow, and I was gradually being excited again by his hands. One was performing miracles with my receptive pussy, which was happily accepting his fingers that cycled in and out at the same pace as his cock that plumbed my throat. The other hand was kneading my tits, pulling my hard nipples upward with each inward cycle of his iron-like staff.
Soon, however, he withdrew his hand from my breasts and placed it against the side of my face, feeling one side of his member as it slid deeply past my lips, and he began a deep panting, which graduated into a modulated groan, then a constant moan. In the meantime, two of his fingers were plucking at my clit, and I knew that I'd cum again soon. I didn't want to leave him in the lurch, so I reached around to grasp his tight, yummy buttocks and pull him more rapidly into my mouth. I felt his glans begin to expand in my cheeks, and our pace quickened. Soon! I exulted, I'd taste this man's load. I hoped he'd enjoy it! I wanted so much to please him! I wanted him so much for him to like and respect me!
And suddenly his cock began jumping, the glans just ahead of my throat, as his rich, creamy semen began to splash onto the roof of my mouth. His hips plunged forward a dozen times, with each spasm delivering a hot jet of tasty seed into my voracious gullet, which I swallowed hungrily...even though I was moaning from a clitoral orgasm of my own. He was wordless, merely groaning, as he emptied his life-giving fluid into me, and I was convinced that I'd seldom tasted better cum...including that of JJ. Two minutes later we'd shuddered to stillness, and had broken apart, with him scooping me onto my feet and crushing me to his body in a breathless hug.
Part 3
Without a word, he picked my dress off the floor and led me down a hallway to a bedroom, sitting me on a king sized bed, and went to an adjoining bathroom from which he brought me a huge glass of water. "As I recall, you like water after semen," he said, reminding me of my post-gang bang drink of the previous day.
"Thank you, sir," I said, and swallowed a few gulps. "But, yours is so sweet that all I want is more!" as I reached out and touched his penis, which twitched in response. He handed me a box of tissue and I wiped the saliva from my face as I clambered to the center of the bed. "I don't care what anybody says, I'm gonna spend all night with you. If I miss the plane tomorrow...too bad."
"If I know Elaine, she's well on her way to exhausting Jay by now," he said, ruefully. "And don't worry, Ginny. I'll see that you and Andi get home when you're ready."
I feel sosafewith this guy, I thought, as I pulled him to myself to lie between my legs. He was already half-hard again, and my soft hand soon had him erect. "I'm ready...now...for something else," I murmured, plumbing his mouth with my tongue and reaching down to stir his prick into my soggy slit.
"Ooh...God...Ginny," he groaned, as his glans parted my slippery pussy lips and he moved into me. As he slid past my G-spot I flinched from pleasure and leaned back, raising my bent legs into the air on either side of him. We looked into one another's eyes and gasped together as our parts meshed for the first time, and he slowly pulled out, once again to enter me fully. Once again we moved so slowly that it seemed to take minutes before he met my cervix. I "Kegeled" him slowly, bearing down on each withdrawal, and he seemed to grow inside me...larger in diameter...then larger still, until we were plunging away at one another with his rampant corona creating heavenly havoc with the clasping lining of my vagina.
He drove straight into me, for many minutes, until I realized that I was on the verge of a vaginal orgasm. It'd been some time since I'd had one of those – and then only with JJ – that I hardly recognized the telltale slow, numbing signs that precede them. When it finally came, I was almost shrieking and Nick was still driving with his interminable, machine-like rhythm. I lost total control, thrashing and scratching at him, until I peaked and bit him hard on the shoulder, unable to contain myself. When I came down I was exhausted and lay nearly comatose, with him still moving in me slightly. My unselfish lover had not himself climaxed...and I felt a bit guilty. Not for long, however, since I soon dropped off to sleep with him holding me gently.
I awoke hearing whispers, but didn't open my eyes. "C'mon, I saw you two. She's so hot...I want some of her myself," whispered Elaine. I snapped my eyes open and she saw that I was awake. "Well, hi, little sweetie! Has Nicky been keeping you warm for me?" she said, edging naked onto the bed and stroking the inside of one of my thighs, right up to my pussy.
I uttered a disgusted growl in my throat and pulled away.
"Elaine! Do you have to molest everybody?" Nick asked. "Ginny's a mature adult. If you have a proposition, all you have to do is ask her!"
"Where's JJ?" I demanded.
"He's crashed...and I did a line of coke, so I'm raring to go, honey!" said Elaine. "And you're just yummy! We don't get many guests as appetizing as you. Let me make you feel all nice!"
"I...don't...think...so," I objected. "I'm here with Nick...and...". I didn't want Nick to know I'd been with women – but at the same time he knew I was an exhibitionist – so I said, "If...if you...want, you can...watch us." I looked at Nick, hoping that I hadn't shocked him, but with JJ asleep, my earlier plan of staying the night wouldn't be compromised at all by a voyeuristic observer.
Elaine appeared to think over my idea for a moment, then said, "Okay! You guys get ready, but don't start anything heavy 'til I get back!" Then she was off, returning after a few minutes in her robe, with a bottle of champagne and some glasses, plus a black plastic dildo under her arm. "Okay! I'm baaack!" she said, flopping down in a chair across from the end of the bed. "Champagne, anyone?"
While she'd been gone I'd told Nick I didn't want a threesome, and I couldn't do anal, since I was still sore from the previous day. He'd agreed to my wishes. It was going well, I thought, without him knowing of my prurient past. And, other than what he'd witnessed at Lulu's the day before, performing in front of Elaine would be a piece of cake for me. In fact, I took a great deal of pleasure in the knowledge that I'd be fucking her man – or the guy who used to be her man before she'd gotten "island fever" – right in front of her. This was especially so since she'd insulted me in front of a male dinner guest. I was familiar enough with her type to know that her desire for me was more political than sensual. She wanted todominateme, a woman she considered inferior to herself.
Nick, though, wasnotan exhibitionist. He was almost shy with me in front of his partner, causing me to take the initiative. "Lay on your back, baby," I whispered to him, after we'd nuzzled for a while, which he did, allowing me to stroke and lick at his cock lovingly, as I stared openly into Elaine's curious eyes from across the room. As he grew erect, I straddled his head with my legs so that we were in a "69" position, with my head facing the seated Elaine. I grunted, "Unh-unh-unh," as his tongue began softly laving me, from my tender anus to my clit. I then concentrated on encircling his angry cock head with my tongue as if it were a lollipop, all the while boring into Elaine's brown eyes with my own.
She looked directly back at me while sitting, as if we were in a staring contest. She drained a glass of champagne she'd been sipping and set the glass on a nearby dresser, then peeled her robe from her shoulders and arms. Her body was extraordinary...full...sculpted...firm though not really toned. Her skin was as fair as mine was naturally – before my island tan – and contrasted beautifully with her long dark hair and eyes. Her wide, full-lipped mouth was made for sex, I thought. And even though I was now engulfing much of Nick's prick into my expanding throat, I knew that under different circumstances she and I could easily be lovers. My memory flashed back to several women in my past – one, Carol, an old friend; another was Corista, both statuesque brunettes – with whom I'd enjoyed lesbian sex during our carefree, swinging days. But I wanted to project a straighter image with Nick, and she seemed content with the present situation. As I drooled onto his turgid cock, she hunched down in the chair to part her full, dark brown bush and begin masturbating her pink labia as her breasts began slowly rising and falling with deep breaths.
I suddenly became aware of my divided attention and reached back blindly to Nick, who whispered, "I want inside you, Ginny...!" I wanted him too, so, of course, complied. Disengaging from his cock, I moved down to squat over his distended probe with my feet on the bed and spread my knees widely. As I slipped his swollen glans between my inner lips to tease Elaine, they made a smacking sound. She groaned and began to diddle herself faster, craning her neck to one side as her fingers strummed her dark red clit, which peeked out at me from under its hood.
When I sank onto Nick to his balls, she moaned, then rasped to me, "Fuck him, Ginny! Fuck him...you delectable...little...unconscionable...slut!" I did so for a while, moaning sincerely as his meat probed at my cervix, actively soliciting entrance.
But my teasing of her was far from complete. I dropped to my knees and pivoted to face Nick, twisting on his cock and slightly moving both of us so that I could look at Elaine comfortably over my right shoulder. I knew, from many hours of fucking in front of others, that this was one of my best positions, since my ass – developed and toned from nearly twenty years of ice skating – was one of my most sexually attractive parts. So, I used it as a further tease. I dropped fully to Nick's balls, ignoring the initial discomfort as he slipped past my cervix, and twirled my bottom in circles, hammering at him and pulling off so that Elaine could see his corona at the juncture of my swollen, clutching pussy. I plunged on and off him unmercifully, all the while he and I both were moaning nonstop throughout our exertions. I looked down at him and smiled, dripping sweat on him from my brow, as my lungs gasped for much-needed oxygen. He smiled back, as if to agree at our shared knowledge that this could be a fuck for the ages.
But it only had to be for a few more moments, as Elaine screamed in orgasm, twisting and turning in her chair while the fingers of one hand plunged deeply into her yawning crevasse, and those of the other pulled at her nipples. After a minute or so she went limp, muttering, "Jeezus...Jeezus," and sat sprawled in the chair, her limbs still twitching from her self-induced pleasure. "Ginny, you're...you're something," she murmured, still breathing hard.
"You like the way I fuck your lover?" I asked her pointedly, rubbing in my torturous message, as only one bitchy female can do to another. Then, to really drive home my point, I said, "Just wait! We're not finished yet!"
I lifted off of Nick, kissed him sloppily, and whispered, "Cmon, honey. Your turn. Show Elaine how you cum in my pussy!" and flopped over on my back, drawing my legs open and back so that my knees were close to my armpits.
He was in me in a second, plumbing me hard and fast, until I slowed him by saying, "Easy...baby. Do me slowly...yeah...just like that...and wait when you're out so I can see Elaine's face between us when you pull out." I helped him maintain a slow rhythm with my hands under his taut hips, allowing Elaine's eyes to meet mine between our meshing bodies. Soon, I noticed, she'd inserted her black dildo into herself and we were off and running again in our separate-and-unequal cooperative tryst.
I was in total control of both of them now, and it made me feel awfully powerful. Elaine was plunging her dildo into herself to its terminus and Nick was drilling me slowly toward an orgasm of his own, evidenced by his trembling torso and thighs. As I felt his quivering muscles I begged him softly, "When you cum, baby...give me one shot inside, then pull out and squirt on my pussy...then come back in...okay?" I sounded as I had days before, when I'd been directing Sam in scenes for a porno movie.
He grunted, signifying to me that he understood. I hoped I wasn't being too manipulative but, then again, I enjoyed my power position. And, I knew that he'd do my bidding, since I'd experienced quite a bit of recent success with men doing as I requested. Besides, he was an academic...a real listener, even to a control freak like myself. JJ, wherever he was sleeping, would be proud of me, I thought.
I hadn't realized, given Elaine's distracting presence, howgoodNick really was in bed. In this position he'd brought me to an extreme state of arousal though, and I hoped that we could enjoy a nice, mutual orgasm. I looked at Elaine drilling herself with her latex probe and said to her, "Watch, Elaine, 'cuz Nick's gonna shoot his cum all over me! He's gonna show you an awesome cum and...oh, Gawd!" I gasped, as Nick plunged into me and squirted a scalding blast against my cervix. I quickly pushed him out of me as he sprayed two copious shots on my vulva, then pulled roughly down on his buttocks so he'd re-enter me, driving even more deeply, as he emptied his hot seed into my demanding womb. From Elaine's point of view as a witness, Nick's cock was buried in my grasping pussy, with gobs of his cum dripping slowly down from our meshed organs, coating my asshole, to the bed sheet. Planned ahead of time, it was a film director's climax.
We all three shouted our joy, since Nick's ejaculation had triggered an orgasm from me, and Elaine began spasming around the dark, plastic probe stuck between her legs. Then, all was silent, as Nick and I separated to lie next to one another. In a moment I felt the mattress sink as another person joined us. It was Elaine, who snuggled on the other side of Nick, throwing an arm across his stomach. For a moment, I thought ambivalently, I'd brought them closer than perhaps they'd been earlier. Regardless of her gesture of possession, I now considered himmine.
We slept until just after dawn, and were awakened by my naked, widowed father-in-law, JJ – my longtime sweetheart – standing next to the bed. His familiar lengthy, flaccid dong drooped appetizingly down one thigh in the early morning light and I reached for it to softly stroke the incestuous package that had already made me the mother of a three-year-old. "Okay, kids," he said in a humorous tone, "I just popped a Viagra. Who do I have to fuck to get breakfast around here?"
Epilogue

Our island vacation had shown me that I needed professional help – therapy of some kind – to keep my sex drive under control, especially dealing with sexual exhibitionism. But I wasn't yet ready to give up the great times JJ and I had previously had with our swingers' club.
"Do you really want to get back into swingingandgo through sex therapy?" JJ asked.
"It seems to be contradictory, JJ, but I need to. Regardless of how it seems, I've gotta clean up my act and be a much better mother." He looked puzzled at my underlying logic. "Besides, I need to free myself from your influence. You're alwaysbargainingwith me, assuming I'll do what's best for myself, and clearly I don't do that," I said. "Down deep, I always do what I think you want me to do, so you'll still love me,orI do something crazy that hurts other people."
I now wished that somehow in the future Nick and I could get together in a serious way...if and when he returned from Micronesia. But that was probably a naïve hope.
"Okay," said JJ. "You're pretty independent now, what with Luala living with us to care for Andi. And our daughter's the most important person in our lives," he emphasized. "You should call Erica about the therapy."
"Erica?" I asked.
"Yeah. The East Indian shrink we ran into just after you and I met. She's been a psychiatric sex therapist for several years now, and still remembers you from years ago."
"Another of your old girl friends, huh, JJ?" I asked.
"She'll be a good guide for both of us...whether we have a swinging lifestyle or are trying to square you away," he said. "I'll do whatever she recommends."
I hoped that he meant it.
*
Please vote and send constructive feedback! Votes and remarks on the previous five chapters would also be appreciated. In the meantime, Ginny is enjoying life so much that you'll hear from her in the future.