This is part two of a story based on stories my aunt told me years ago. It is not a story about losing virginity even though one character does. It is more about the sexual awakening of the main character that is followed by many sexual first.
As far as how true the stories are, I can only attest to the fact that nude swimming by males was required in some swimming pools at one time. The origin of the rules came in 1926, from the American Public Health Association, which adopted guidelines about swimming attire that indicated that because fibers clogged filters, bacteria count escalated. Therefore, all males using pools should bathe before entering and not be permitted to wear anything whatsoever, and that female swimmer should only wear suits that were not dyed or had loose fibers. This national guideline was not dropped until 1962. I stumbled onto it one day trying to confirm what I had been told by my elders. No one knew exactly why but a simple search (males were required to swim nude) confirmed this and gave some validity to the stories I had heard related to it. In some colleges, it did not end until the mid-70s.
Some colleges even required that males swam naked at swim meets, while female team members in suits watched and waited to compete in their events. I assume they kept the rules longer as college students are over 18. It also confirmed that, in some cases, adult family members as far as parents and grandparents of the competitors were permitted to watch them compete.
Reading part one, a two-page relatively short story would frame these following parts much better than reading them on their own. However, each one is an individual story. As always all fictional characters as portrayed are over the age of 18.
More stories from aunt Chrisy
(Every time I visited Auntie Chrisy I made her tell me another story. She tried to act like she does not like telling them or telling on herself but I take a couple of bottles of wine with me. This is what I got after the first bottle was gone. I asked her to pick up on the swimming naked story, it was just too awesome not to continue. We will cut in where she left off. Told by her in the first person, but any of my dialog will be in both italic, and enclosed in parentheses.)
_______________________________________________
About halfway through the semester, I had more chances to swim naked with the boys, well I didn't actually swim, I was to teach and life-guard them. Mostly sitting in the big lifeguard/instructor chair with my neatly trimmed coochie on display.
Mark had told me that they needed an instructor for a couple of their classes and that the guys would like me especially if I would show unity, and teach them while naked. I questioned how they were defining unity, but I guess it was the age-old, you show us yours and we will show you ours deal.
The job paid $8 for a half-hour lesson or $12 for an hour, it was hard to find a job that paid even $2 an hour back then. I told him yes of course, and he put my name in. He told me later that he put my name in as just Chris as they did not ask if I was a guy or a girl.
He said, "You won't be the first, there have been other female instructors, but they were all mature women, not students, and they wore swimsuits as far as I know. Once payday comes the precedent will be set, and they can't fire you." He added, "We have had one of them a time or two, I think they are hired for their looks, and by that, I mean old enough looking to likely not be appealing to guys our age."
I found out later that I got not just the fill-in slot, but also a non-swimmer class if I wanted it. Of course, I did, I did not come from wealth, or I would have been at a better school. I would not be stuck in an ancient dorm as well. The fact that it was formally all-male, it had more urinals in the bathrooms than toilets. Our stalls did not even have doors!
I guess college-age males were not expected to have dignity when they took a dump back when they built the college or when they were forced to swim naked. It was just an example of how we females were looked at and treated differently like we had to be protected. Both men and women should have had the option to swim naked, why were our bushes and breasts obscene but guys' bushes with their penises sticking out from them not?
These were all-male decisions how they thought of us as not equal had something to do with it. The early claims were that fibers from suits would clog filters, well what about pubic hair uncontained by the suits? Treating both sexes the same also would have and would show both sexes that we come in all types of builds, maybe even would have prevented the body shaming that exists in both sexes. You can't tell me a chubby male student or one with a small flaccid penis is not subject to it any more than a flat-chested, or full-figured female.
There was a problem though, after the initiation I had courtesy of the swim team girls. Things got complicated with me being female. When word got out that I had swum naked with the male students, I ended up with a small posse of other more liberated girls. Several of the girls came to me and told me they wanted to petition the school to make suits optional for females. They agreed with me on the fact that, If guys were forced to swim naked, why can't we at least have our choice. I was a reluctant leader of what was becoming a movement, but I did believe in it. I was just plain sick of being treated differently than men.
We had other things on our side of the argument. It was the 70s and discrimination by sex or race was a bigger thing. The girls' team was just barely solvent as well, if we lost even two members we would not have a team. That could cost the school some of their sports accreditations and maybe federal grants that went with them.
They did not succeed in getting that rule through, mostly because no new rule was needed. The only rule on paper was specifying what kind of suits were allowed on females in the pool. Word was spread that the best thing to do was just show up naked to take a stand to show we were serious. A lot of girls had signed it just to rebel, not just girls from the team but some from the swimming classes. It was hard to tell when it came to participating, who would actually be willing to protest that way until the next practice, or class.
My posse chose to go naked to lessons, practice, and even swim meets as long as the guys did, so even though I did not organize this group, I had to go along with them. The 4 of us walked down the outer hall with only a towel, that barely covered the portion of our bodies in question. Word got out, and for a while, guys not in class would cruise the hall about that time to try to catch a view.
The girls in my posse got ornery, and maybe a bit horny, probably both. They had found out that what they had to show was power. Even though it was not the guys' choice, they looked at it as them having the unique experience of showing their sex. Once we were no longer getting as much attention, they would find ways to show more of their bodies. Just like skirts were getting shorter back then, the cheap towels the college gave us did not cover us sufficiently. Some would wrap them around them high enough to show some bush. When that got old, they would wrap themselves below their breasts and feature them out altogether. They even had some professors cruising them at that point. I figured it would lead to us eventually getting our own locker room with showers and hopefully a door to the pool, so I was fine with it.
I did not need to show off, I had the option to be nude in front of the classes I taught. The fill-in job for the guys I did nude just to get used to it as I knew Mark and several others from my initiation. I was not going to let them off easy as far as them hiding in the water and waiting for the instructor to arrive. Once I entered the pool area and dropped my towel, I made them all get out of the pool and line up to take attendance. Yes, it was a class that had college P. E. credits and I had to, but no one said I had to do it with them out of the cover of the water.
I was going to have to stand their naked with no cover, so it was only fair. So I took my clipboard and walked right in front of them and ask them their names, I thought it might be a way I could remember and call them by them. I tried to make a couple of notes so that when I had one on the board, I could recognize them by some part of their body that was unique. I ended up with a attendance sheet that had alll kinds of notes mostly about cocks and balls, some about their abs etc. In my defense it is hard not to spend most of my time at their privates as I am scanning their bodies from head to toe.
I had some crazy notes that I was going to have to recopy to turn in. One guy just had a notation about his missing toe, right next to his big one on his right foot. An extremely low hanging ball sack was noted for another. Well I guess you get the picture. I do admit I took advantage of the opportunity to check out that many naked guys lined up just for me. Before that I had only seen all of a few of them, Mark being one of course. He cracked me up when I got to him, he swung his hips to make his dick waggle for me, I almost completely lost it.
I made this last as long as possible, and I had them line up at the board and dive one at a time, telling them to do a simple dive to see who needed help.
It was an introduction to diving class, so once they dove in, so I taught it mostly from the side of the pool. I only had to go in the pool when I had to demonstrate dives, ironically my weak point, but they did not care. They would be watching an adult naked woman with DD tits flapping up and down as I got ready. Then seeing them hanging down under me as I was in the middle of the dive. I noticed when I taught from the side of the pool, I could see them looking up and staring at my vagina from below as I instructed them. I figured that would be of their interest, so every time I touched up my bush, I got more courage to make it smaller and thinner. Once I would get wet in the pool, my pussy's lips and its slit were seen by all. I figured if they were going to do that, I was going to go one better.
I found out if I would properly place my hands on their thighs or ass to show them where and how much to bend as they shoved off I could get a pretty good reaction. It was my chance to get back at Mark for swinging his cock at me. I pressed my tits up against him from behind, and with my head around the side of his body addressing the class I, manipulated his body to show proper form. I did not let him try the dive until his cock was standing straight out front. I did this to a couple of guys that I really did want to see hard, there were a few smart remarks made from the rest but what did I care. I got a thrill out of it, and so did some others I seen.
I could see two guys with a handful of each other's penis over in a corner. I realized what they were doing. All eyes were on me, so they stood a little isolated from the rest and they were jerking each other off. They were looking toward me, I think it was my tits and pussy they were using for inspiration, and not the guys cocks. It was just an act of pleasure I think, done in a completely private area. The guys I saw were up to their waist, but I saw one of their "Oh Faces" when his friend got him off, then seen them trying to get rid of the cum floaters that were created.
To each their own is my attitude, girls help each other out, why shouldn't guys be able to give each other a hand? It made me wonder if I was seeing things that had gone on long before I entered the picture? The nude rule in the long run promoted this fraternity of males that just went along with it, maybe even causing some experimentation. I think one of the other reasons it lasted so long might have been partly their own doing. Possibly deep down it was a way to show their male dominance? Or maybe like members of an elite men's club, they thought showing off their naked bodies made them special?
My first non-swimmers class was challenging, the classes are small because it is so hands-on. There were only 4 guys in the class, and I was told that is big, as that is the target size for a non-swimmer class, each individual needs hands-on attention, especially in the early classes. So I had 4 naked guys that ranged from freshman to senior. A couple of them could float a little, but some were just plain afraid of water.
In my first class, I had to not just get used to the stares, but the contact required. To teach even a floating technique you have to put both arms under the beginner. I tried to not get right under a guy's penis with a hand, but you are only guessing when you go under them. If you do catch them there, you don't react and embarrass them, your hand and arm are stuck there for a while, sometimes while it grew. I had to stay out of the deeper water, I am shorter than them and my big tits would sometimes rest on their chest as I held them up to float on their backs. I can't say I minded that part once I got used to it, but teaching beginners was harder than I thought. It was evident why they had a hard time getting instructors for that class.
It was not until my second class of non-swimmers that I felt better about taking the job. John was a cute junior that seemed to react to my breasts resting on him more than the others. I thought after the second class he might ask me out, I think he just lacked the courage. He seemed to be doing well and losing the fear of the water, but he did not want me to let go of him, I think my hand placement had something to do with it. If I had been wearing a suit, my arms, and hands would have ended up in the same place, and he would still be naked in front of a girl. I just could not help holding him, so his flaccid penis would lay on my forearm. I confess that I had done it with others on purpose, but then it became just John. Sometimes he got my open hand.
I would help him paddle the width of the pool, and by the time we got to the other side, I could feel an erect penis on my arm or in my hand. It had to be the biggest I had felt or had seen to that point. Once I let go I could just barely see it when we stood there and I let him tell me when he was ready to go back. I gave him that time in case he did not want to have his cock sticking up. On the way back I would have him float on his back.
The only way to have control of him was with my open hand on and holding his ass cheek, and I think it had almost the same effect on him. His penis would rise on the way, and end up looking like a periscope on a submarine. That was when it was so tempting to at least touch it. I even thought about turning him around to go back, just so I could look at it hard the whole way. But that was not possible as the other 3 would see me. Unlike Mark's crowd, they needed to learn, and I could lose the class if I was caught engaging in misconduct.
Then it happened, I only had him show up to a class, it was some kind of flu going around that caused it, and most classes were canceled. I wanted more contact but I wanted to teach him as well. I took that opportunity to have him sit on the side of the pool as I talked to him, I was in the water waist-high. I told him that it was time he floated on his own, and there was no reason he could not dog paddle the width of the pool without me supporting him. The entire time I could tell he was looking at my tits, but what could I say his junk was my focus, it was at my eye level.
How could I not look and imagine his cock in my mouth or vagina?
I cut a deal with him, and that was that I would just have a hand on him so he would know I was there to give him confidence. It worked on the way over, I had one hand on his thigh, and yes in a position where my fingers were on the inner side and close to his action center. But it worked, he made it at least three-quarters of the way. My hand placement tended to give him a boner though, and I wanted to get him on his way back before he lost his confidence.
He said he was still afraid and now embarrassed by his erection, that he did not have as much confidence floating on his back. I had a crazy idea, it did make sense I thought. I remembered how we taught my little sister to walk, she was not easy to convince she could do it. My parents read that if they held a string between them and let her hold on to it, she would walk to them with the confidence that it would keep her from falling. It was not long before she was running around the house on her own, with a piece of string in her hand.
I thought like with her, he needed something to make him think I had a grip on him if he floundered. I threw it out there with the disclaimer that it was not exactly how I was taught to train or rescue a swimmer that started to panic. In some cases, we were taught to hold, and in a case of a male swimmer, to hold him by his waistband. It would just be with a couple of fingers and pulled up just enough they could feel it and it would give them confidence. Without a suit, I had to improvise and asked him if it would be OK if I just used his penis instead of a waistband.
He said he was OK with it, if I was not embarrassed, he guessed he wouldn't either. It was the right thing to do I thought at the time, there was no one there to get the wrong impression, but I admit it turned me on as well.
He was so hard when I rolled him over to start this experiment, the thought of it had to have something to do with that. I had both arms under him until he was ready. Then I told him I was ready to try just holding on to his penis. It sounds weird but I don't mind if you don't, it would remind you that I was still with you to rescue you and keep you from sinking."
"No, it's OK, a little embarrassing but it's a solid handle I guess. With it in my cute instructor's grip, it will stay that way."
I took one of my hands from below him to try it, and got a good hold on his penis, a solid hold but was not squeezing it. I wanted him to just feel like I had him when it was just the water making him float. I took him the width of the pool and we turned to come back, I removed the hand under his butt and just held his penis the whole way back.
He did well, and I was so happy that when we got there, and he was back on his feet smiling at me, he told me, "I love you, you're just the best!"
I took it as just a term of endearment expressing his thanks, but it put me in the moment, and I just had to hug and kiss him for it. I don't have to tell you where that put his hard pecker, maybe not even have to tell you I could not stop kissing him. We stood there both with an arm around each other just above the waistline, and one on each other's bare ass. We were making out, I felt what I thought was love for him too, but knew better than to express it. I very well may have been at that time, but it was lust that was driving our make-out session.
I turned John around and pushed him back against the side of the pool, he knew what that meant. He lifted himself on the side then. I was left standing there with my hard nipples sticking out, and his hard cock right at my mouth's level. I pulled his knees apart and got no resistance as I licked his knob thoroughly, then his shaft before I took it in my mouth.
Like with Mark, I had John's erect, and how could I resist not calling it his (Johnnie) under my control. I did not want to stop and did not until I felt his semen hitting my neck and breasts. I wanted to be fucked, or at least some oral from this hunk of a man who said he loved me. So I rinsed off his cum in the pool and I took him by the hand and led him over to check the schedule on the board. As I had thought, the pool and gym were free. Canceled was scribbled over about everything, all due to the flu that was going around. For some reason, I did not get that memo and was glad I didn't.
I took this whole situation as it developed as a sign it is meant to be more, and I was really into signs back then. We went to his locker and kissed some more. I told him I knew of a place we could lay down, I did not mention sex, but that was then on my mind. I daringly just walked out to check the coach's office wrapped in a towel to see if he was there. He had been so nice to me and Mark and said he did not mind, for us just be careful not to get caught. I thought I might just ask him if it all was clear, and maybe kiss him on the cheek, maybe even sit on his lap to do it, and give us both a thrill. His office was dark though, if there are no athletes to coach why show up when you are on salary.
I took John to the gym bleachers, all of the mats were stacked up behind them, and we climbed to the other side of them and pulled one down. We then had our little room built back there with plenty of privacy and had towels to clean up any mess we made. I may have been the pursuer, but John did not hesitate to get things started. He had me pinned, kissing, and fingering me immediately.
He was good at it, and it was apparent right away that his shyness had nothing to do with his sexual experience in some areas. I got bold and said, "I used my tongue and mouth on your penis, is my pussy not inviting enough to yours?" He gave me a look of surprise, and maybe reluctance. But I had sucked his cock and took his cumshot on me. He had to know that if he didn't eat me out, I might not blow him again.
I was pretty sure he was in one for his first time, but maybe it was good that he was. I used it to my advantage by answering his work by saying "Yes" whenever he licked somewhere I liked. Beginners luck maybe, but he got me off for real. It was my first total orgasm, and I squeezed his head so hard with my knees that he had to stop. I was ready to be fucked anyway, I had been wanting to do more with John than I had previously done with Mark.
I still wanted to be a modern woman and had been reading some magazines. There were not a lot of choices back then. Cosmo had started to focus more on women's issues but had not gone too much into sex. I was likely the only girl in the school with a Playboy under her mattress. I could not wait to find out why he was able to get me off like that, and hopefully be able to recreate that act and result. It was one of the magazines you could count on to give you the latest in sex research. They were the first to publish Masters and Johnson and other researchers' work. The famous book "The Joy of Sex" was not out yet. One thing I had already learned from one of the articles was that I needed to be on top to prove I was a modern woman, and be willing to take control sometimes.
I climbed onto the biggest cock I had seen, and since my classes with naked males, I have probably seen as many as some of the slutty girls I knew. I had released plenty of juices from his oral, that was a good thing as I was a little afraid of its size. I was so careful climbing on it, I think I was the first to take charge of sex based on the look on his face. I slowly let him in me, I did not even start riding it until I was sure I could handle it. When I did finally get to start riding it, I learned that size matters! Life was such a learning experience back then, but more fun looking back on.
I might need a break here, these memories have me so wet, and I have to pee as well. I am going to go to the bathroom and then change. You can get a fresh bottle of wine.
(My auntie came back braless and in a sundress, I had a feeling that she lost her panties as well. I can't say I minded what I saw.)
Well, where was I before I got so turned on? Oh, I remember, it was my first time fucking John and I was on top.
Well, I was enjoying being in control until I looked at his face and saw he had his eyes closed, I was not going to let that pass. I was a little harsh in saying it, but I did, I stopped and said, am I just a lay? Am I too ugly to look at while we fuck? To this day that was, I think the most shocking look I have caused someone to give me during sex. He responded something to the effect of, "You are beautiful, I just have never had a girl looking down at me, I'm sorry."
I had a quick retort, something you don't always have at that age, "I forgive you, but only if you pace yourself and make this fuck last, we have plenty of time."
With no reply other than a smile and his attention I resumed riding him, and he started participating more, he was working thrusting his hips in sync with me. I felt so good on top, from not just the pleasure of the fuck, but for the stand, I took during it.
We continued but I let him take charge, I liked both feelings, being in charge and being taken. We were back in a more traditional missionary as we kissed and stared into each other's eyes. I had a different feeling than I did with Mark, I cared for him, and we had become good friends and fuck buddies. We had been sneaking quick fucks in strange places like the woods behind his dorm, but it was just sex from a convenient partner. I was confused about the feelings I had for John.
He took my statement about stretching it out literally, and since we did not know how to make sure I got an orgasm, I was ready to be pounded. I told him, I read that a woman has to let a man know her needs. "Fuck me hard now John, I loved your tenderness but I am ready for the sex, the serious stuff."
He responded and I pulled my legs up to allow him to go deeper. He was fucking me then and as time went on, he increased his speed, and he did this all with his eyes locked on mine. I felt safe doing some of the things I read about then, as I knew I could not just accommodate but could enjoy such a large member.
(Auntie paused her story again and said, "Oh my, I am getting myself turned on again thinking about looking at his fit body, his abs as he fucked me. Humor me, could you pull that shirt off and let me look at my nephew's fit upper body as I continue?")
(Well I did, I knew she was looking at the bulge in my shorts and figured my bare chest might take her attention off of it.)
"Well now that looks good, your body, and the wine have put me in the mood to continue the story."
I was in sexual heaven as he stroked me, my only other partner was Mark, and he felt completely different. Even his balls felt different when they hit me. We were both starting to breathe heavily, and I was moaning involuntarily. I hoped he knew it was real because he looked like he was going to pass out when he finally pulled out. He was not quick enough, but I only got a little inside me, his big cock was on its own as it pumped out his seed, rope after rope of his precious jizz.
That moment changed the way I felt about sex, and it was all for the good. A little of the awkward first fuck feeling was back, I assumed then that it is just that way with someone new, but overall this fuck was special. We laid there side by side, once we got our breath he kissed me again, but not much was said. We both had to deal with our feelings, we barely knew each other but yet I felt so close to him. He asked me if I could go again, that he could not get enough. "I told him, if you got the jizz, I got the time and I am on birth control."
He had it, and we fucked once more, this time I let him cum inside me. I knew it felt better and would feel better for him, and it did and was more intimate as well. The triple shot, you can only get with a young stud. Then he cleaned me up with a towel and we both wiped up the errant ropes that his cock shot while out of his control. We got away with it, and it was special but I missed the feeling I got when Mark and I found out we were watched that first time. Every kind of fucking has its rewards, the thrill of public fucking I liked as well.
He gave me his phone number but told me he shared the phone with his roommate. He was not wealthy I found out, but had a scholarship, so his parents helped him with half rent on a one-bedroom efficiency.
I had left that day with strange feelings that there was something different about sex with John I did not find out until one of our last lessons. We were starting to act like lovers, but still not letting each other know that we had more than just sexual lust for each other.
We only had two more lessons, and I went early so I could practice my diving for a while. I heard the sounds that someone or more than one would make in a pool. I peeked in first, and it was a guy swimming laps, nude of course, and I mean swimming as good as I had ever seen. It did not take me long to figure out that beautiful hunk of manhood was John. I knew right away what he had done, just not the details. But for the first time, I learned what it felt like to have someone love me enough to pursue me, and it turned out it was not just lust he felt.
I was standing there in my suit, but I wanted to walk in naked on him. A couple of male students were standing close by, but I did not let it stop me. I told them, "Please excuse me, I don't have time to explain why I need to strip before I go to the pool, but could you hold my towel as I shimmy out of my suit? I did, they looked but had nothing to say, dumbstruck. He handed me my towel and I wrapped myself in it."
The looks on their faces were priceless. Love makes you do strange things! I was careful to sneak in. It was easy, as he was focused on swimming like a pro, non-stop getting some serious laps in. I dropped my towel and sat on the end of the pool and waited for him. Since we had already been carnal, I felt fine spreading my legs and leaning back to display my goods and make him look. He did, and he stopped right in front of me. He took his goggles off and was getting his breath. It gave me time to think of my opening line. "Tell me you sweet good-looking hunk of a man, when did you get your L.G. certification?"
He was not quite as quick, but I liked his quite long but interesting retort, I had fucked him, but knew little about him and how he was brought up.
____________________________
John told me, "Just slide in here my love, I am ready to confess Chrisy. I saw you on campus and decided I just had to know you. I just had to meet you to see if you were my true love. I ask around, and well, I found someone that knew you, and about your new job. I was not sure if I could fool you into thinking I was afraid of water. I knew I could be nude in front of a woman, that in itself was not new for me, but I was a bit surprised to find out that she was going to be nude as well. The thought of just being touched by you might cause an erection was there, but I gathered the courage to take that chance. The fact that I was being touched by a naked you, well you know what it does to me."
"Well here goes some more of my background info. I earned my Life-Guard certification after three years of swimming at a COED summer camp, in a swimsuit. I took to swimming and in our small town, our school had no pool. There was an indoor recreation center there so I took advanced lessons and competed, in a suit as well. So not having much tuition money I enrolled in a Jr college that just happened to have these same archaic rules. It was part of my plan to get recognized and get a scholarship. They needed good swimmers for their team so I just had to adjust right away as my coach was an accomplished middle-aged female swimmer. The coach made sure my times were documented, and I sent them to several 4-year colleges. Not sure why, but maybe hearing that I was already used to nude swimming I got a full ride, and that is how I got here."
"As fare as the limited amount of sexual experience I have, I will explain that as well. At swim meets at the Jr, College they also allowed parents and grandparents, but never questioned anyone since we were all adult students. At my last meet, my mom decided to sneak her BFF Shelly in, whom I grew up calling my aunt. She was a little younger than mom. She was an attractive 36-year-old mother, twice my age. I was accustomed to other students moms' seeing me, but not to anyone I knew who was there for the purpose of seeing me. My mom did not think of her little boy as being any more than her "cute" little boy at 18, almost 19. She figured with me calling her BFF aunt, and her accepting that title, that aunt Shelly would look at me as just a "cute" nude boy as well."
"She told me Shelly loves you like a nephew, and that since she only had a girl child she has never seen such a cute teen boy's body like yours. I guess being the doting Mom she was, might have made her think that way. But she actually told me to grow up, reminding me I was almost 19. She said I should not be embarrassed by her friend seeing my cute little bottom, and the cutest dinky she ever saw. Her using the word dinky or willy like she did when I was little, did not help me feel more adult. Since when have adult male teens shown themselves naked to even a real aunt?"
"Since we won our meet, my female coach who was used to this environment invited the parents to come down to see us get our medals. It might have been OK if it had not been before we went to the lockers and at least pulled some shorts on. I barely got my towel wrapped around me when mom reached in to kiss me on the cheek in the appropriate manner a mom would. But aunt Shelly, no, she just had to hug me, and then slide a hand down under my towel far enough to squeeze a butt cheek. That was not likely seen by anyone until it caused my towel to drop. It did not stop her hug, she had a cheek in each hand pulling me tight against her. When she let go of me, I lost the cover of her body, and there was my cute dinky that had turned into the hard penis that I just fucked you with. It was sticking straight out, a pretty embarrassing thing to happen at any age in public."
"That incident made me suspicious when Shelly invited me to use her pool that summer to practice before I started here. I went because it was convenient, close by. I was a little reluctant after she felt my ass up, but mom said, "Go on you will have a nice time, she loves you and wants to help, and she has a nice pool."
"I went to aunt Shelly's who told me right away her pool was private, so I could swim naked as I do at school. I did not want to and had my suit in my hands to put on. She had ideas, and pulled my suit out of my hands against my will, and tossed it on a piece of furniture."
"She was in a bikini and I figured she was going to take a dip or lay out. But she shed her suit, and there was my aunt Shelly, not looking much like an aunt anymore. Hers was the first trimmed pussy I had seen, and her breasts were spectacular exposed like that. I was fully erect and trying to get to the water, but she cut me off and pushed me down on a lounger. She knew just what to do to tame me, and was sucking my cock"
"She was taking advantage of my innocence, but my penis felt so good in her warm mouth. Looking down at her naked, her big breasts hanging below her as she sucked my cock, she was no longer so much older than me, nor did she feel even the slightest bit like an aunt."
"Wrapping up, other than her taking my virginity that day, I had been so dedicated to swimming, I had little experience with girls. Most of what I knew was from the crash course she gave me. She fucked me in the pool, out of the pool, and then in her bed. That was after she called my mom and told her that we were having so much fun, her cute little teen boy wanted to spend the night. So my point is, I guess you can say I had some experience of being looked at by women while in my birthday suit. So you can look at me that way anytime you want."
______________________________
After that confession and a brief history of his experience as a naked swimmer, I told him, "How could I be anything but flattered. The fact that you went to not just the lengths to find all that out, but to put on that act of being afraid of water as well. Yes, I questioned your fear of water, but I was blinded by the love I felt for you, and your fit body and hard penis."
We had some time before class, and we confessed our love for each other. Some kissing was appropriate I thought and hugging as well. This led to me blowing him, and then him entering me, and us fucking. He had me leaned over holding on to the side.
Bill, arguably the second-hottest guy in our class was not noticed coming in, and was sitting on the side of the pool. I had already finished sucking John's cock, and it was when I turned around to let John enter me that I saw him sitting there playing with his tremendous boner watching us have sex.
I am not sure if John's peripheral vision picked up on it or not, but if so it did not stop him. I guess you could call it an impromptu threesome in a way. It was a first for me as I held the side of the pool taking John's dick as I caught Bill jerking from the corner of my eye. It was a pretty hot experience for me. My God, I love cocks, and I had one in me and was watching one being abused by its owner, and not a bad-looking guy I might add. It did not take John long to finish, but I think he had to be watching Bill too, he had a better vantage point.
John started pumping his seed before he pulled out, but there was plenty left to float to the top. So I was standing there fulfilled but still watching Bill when he stopped and made an announcement to us. He said, "That was so fucking hot, and Thank Goodness, now I can get some attention and learn how to swim. But Yuck! Please try to guide those cum ropes into the skimmer, I always do. Would it be too weird if I finished this off? I never had a real live hot naked girl getting fucked to look at as I jerked off."
John said nothing to stop him, and he restarted and was jerking off right in front of us. John did come over and wrapped his arms around me and told me Bill was a friend of his and an acquaintance of Mark's. He knew the whole time John was faking and had to keep the secret and not crack up. He said Bill confessed to him that he is a virgin, and promised him if he kept the secret about him, he would help him find someone to remedy that.
I was so caught up in the moment, and having John holding me, as I watched Bill stroking himself was a turn on. I had not seen anything quite like this, only a guy pull out of me to finish. This was a full masturbation scene I was watching. Keeping with my goal of being a modern girl, I went out on a limb when I said, "Do you want my help in thanking him? Like by giving him some help with that, you have to admit that is quite a boner that we caused?"
I was afraid the offer was too much, and John would think wrong of me. But he said, "Well he is a virgin, a hand, or blowjob would blow his mind and fulfill my promise, but that is up to you, if you don't mind doing it, I don't mind being the spectator."
I was happy to do it, I was turned on, and liked giving blow jobs right from the first one, and I didn't consider them the same as having sex back then, I still don't. His excitement when I moved over and took his cock in my mouth was a payoff in itself. John took a place and sat on the side next to us to watch and that was my first sign he liked being a voyeur, he had just came in me, but was playing with himself as he watched me suck his friends cock. I thought it would not take long with the excitement he had shown, but he had a hold of my head and would not let go. I used all of my skills to try to get him off, John did not seem to mind, he clearly was enjoying jerking off as he watched. I was happy to find out I did not have a jealous lover during that time of free love.
John surprised me again when he told me, "We are running out of time, if you are willing maybe you can go ahead and do something more than just that for him?"
Now that was a shocker, what else could I possibly do, let him fuck me? I should not have done it in that circumstance I guess, it was a little like I was being pimped out. I did work hard getting his pecker that way and was worked up myself. My pussy deserved having another cock in it, it would only be my third. So I told him to slide in if he wanted to fuck me, I leaned over then and let him have his way.
He was nervous and had to probe a little, but he found the right hole, and I lifted his hands up from my waist to my breasts, I like getting fucked that way. I think it just might have been his first fuck he wasted no time before he was pounding me. Once he did, I barely had time to enjoy my third cock ever, before he got his nut. I liked both getting fucked, and the thought of being watched by both Bill and John. There I was, I just confessed my feelings for a guy and then was fucked by his friend in front of him. I left the two of them to try to get rid of the cum ropes, after all, they had their fun, and they came from them.
Mark and John were my first partners in sex and exhibitionism. Neither John nor Mark was possessive lovers, John was not by far, nor was I, but John really was my first love!
(With that my half-drunk auntie ended that part of the story she told me by hugging her nephew. She hugged me just like John's wannabe aunt hugged him in his story. I had lost my shirt at her request and was in nothing but workout shorts with an elastic waistband. Auntie recreated the event by hugging me with her hands on my ass cheeks and pulling me tight against her. My shorts did not fall all the way down, but between her hands down there, and her breasts pressing against me, I had some serious wood showing. When she let me go my shorts were around my knees, I was naked and hard for my auntie. It did not feel right, but I had a hard time getting my shorts up over the boner I was debuting to my aunt. She did not say anything, I think she was too surprised to speak from seeing her nephew's manhood in its full glory. I hurried up and left before things could go further.)