Hi, It's Amanda. I'm soo sorry for not writing you guys earlier. I mean, a lot has happened since that summer break, since I was caught naked, impaled on my 8 inch dildo mounted on a rock that's in the middle of a stream in a forest clearing in a national forest on a Wednesday. The dildo's suction cup base was on too good and my arms and legs were drained from trying to get myself off (yea, I know that's a pun) the dildo. I mean, I did get off it with some help. But I guess I should pick up where I left off.
What I remember when I saw the older bigger guy wasn't just his grey beard and mustache and red flannel shirt. It was also his blue eyes, the way he looked at me, penetrating me like he knew who I really was, like I was opened and exposed to him. I mean, exposed not as in naked, which I was, but like in a deeper sense, you know? Anyway, I heard his phone's camera clicking away as he walked towards me. I swear he was drooling. I covered myself with my arms, hopefully he didn't see the dildo and just thought I was skinny dipping. He was walking closer to me. I twisted my head around and said . . .
"Get away from me, you pervert! You're a dirty old man!"
"Pervert? You're the one fucking yourself out in the open," he barked back at me. Fuck, he did know what I was doing! I gasped, I mean, he was right. I was the pervert. How else could I explain it? I mean, you bring a dildo with you into the forest for what reason?
"Just get away! Don't look at me! Leave me alone!" You could hear how nervous I was but at the same time, I was practically gushing! The shock of getting caught kind of made me more horny! I wanted to cum so bad but I didn't want him watching me, but - oh fuck - if he didn't catch me, I wouldn't be so turned on! All this was going through my head as he was chuckling away. Then I was even more surprised when I heard . . .
"Nathan! You get away from her and come here this instant!" A short and squat woman with grey hair cut in a bob came though the wood line. She scolded the guy all the while clutching at her necklace. "Nathan, you're making her nervous. Get over here now or heaven so help me, I'll throw it in the stream!"
That last part made the guy freeze. "Aww, Ellen, you're not serious."
"Do you want to try me? You know better!" I couldn't believe that woman who looks like she bakes muffins was pushing that lumberjack type of guy around. All I could think was 'you go girl!'
He hung his low and walked to her, "okay, Ellen."
"Excuse me?"
"Yes Ma'am."
She put out her palm and look at him. "Give it" and like a puppy dog he gave her his phone. "Now get her pick her gently and put her over there."
He walked up behind me and I was still covering myself with my arms the entire time. He put his hands under my arms and lifted me up off the dildo. I'm not going to lie, it felt so good feeling the dildo move in my pussy that I sort of wanted to be dropped back on it. Anyway, he carried me in his arms and - oh my God, I'm kind of embarrassed to say it but - it felt good. I mean, I felt so safe in his arms. I mean, not like in a romantic sense but like being a little kid being carried by daddy. His flannel was so soft and he didn't smell bad at all. He put me down by my backpack and clothes.
"Nathan," she pointed a big tree in the distance, "go there and wait. Now." He quietly walked over to the tree in the distance. Once he was so far that he was out of earshot, Ellen looked down at me, smiling, beaming even. "Are you alright dear?" She offered her hand.
"Yes, thank you." I took her hand while still covering my chest with my other arm, trying to cross my legs to hide my puss-puss. As soon I was on my feet, my covered all my privates with my arms. I tried to say something but I just stuttered.
"It's okay. I was young too and had plenty of fun times in the outdoors alone. Most of the times, I couldn't help myself." She smiled, nodding at me.
"How did you? I mean, that guy - you told him and he -"
She broke me off, "oh that?" She showed a small key that was dangling from her necklace.
"I - I don't get it."
"Nathan!" she shouted. "Come here and show her what this key's for." He shot right up and darted over. He kept his head down, glancing at her. She repeated "show her what this key is for. Now." As he quickly unbuckled his belt, she looked at me and said "you were right when you said he's a pervert." She nodded for me to look at Nathan and I saw it.
I only seen it online, a few times but never really looked at it. I mean, I only glanced at it online a few times but now I saw it in real life. He had a plastic cage thing on his dick.
"Oh yes, I have Nathan, you might say, by the balls. Then again he was right when he said you're a pervert too." She gestured down below toward my hand covering my pussy. I mean, four fingers were covering my pussy while my middle finger was dwiddling my clit. I turned beet red, I could feel it!
"Oh I didn't even know! I'm sorry, I guess -"
"You could help yourself? I told you I was young once and I couldn't help myself either. It's alright. If it feels good, then don't stop on my account."
I felt relieved like I was given permission to do something I thought was bad. She took my other hand and stroke my hand in hers.
"We're both girls, you don't need to cover up. Now what's your name?" I told her my name and how I was on summer break and wanted to go hiking. But I was shivering the whole time too. I wasn't shivering because I was cold, it was because I was turned on. Oh fuck, just thinking about it. how I was naked, exposed and masturbating in front of a stranger, telling her about myself - oh my God - I was exposing more than just my body to her! I was telling her about myself, about how I'm such a pervert, taking my dildo with me and how I would do it again!
She kept smiling at me, in a motherly way or maybe even a grandmotherly way. I don't know, it just felt like I was getting approval. I slowly opened my legs more and she put my hand on my breast. She took my fingers and guided them to pinch and tug on my nipple. "Yes, that's how I do it too." She glanced back over her shoulder.
"Oh, poor Nathan, you must want to a little relief, don't you? Just be good and maybe you'll get some."
She told me she's a ceramics teacher at the same community college I took some classes at and that Nathan is a retired carpenter all the while she was looking at her phone, swiping away. "You should see some of the pictures Nathan took of you before I delete them. Here look."
I couldn't believe I was looking at pictures of myself playing in the forest, fucking myself silly with my dildo, and I have to say, I looked like a little slut in heat and it made me feel mischievous, naughty, and horny. I pinched my other nipple and put two fingers in me. I bit my lip "can I get a copy?"
She narrowed her eyes at me, "mmhmm. It looks like I'll keep them and email you copy. What's your email?" I told her my email. "Good Amanda, I have you on my contact list now. Did you like looking at yourself?"
I had to sit down on a rock, my legs were getting weak and with the sun was shining on me, I felt so warm and tingling all over, my clit throbbing, I shivered "yes."
She put her hand on my thigh. "And you do like playing out in the open where anyone can see you?"
I closed my eyes, I had a good rhythm going and I didn't want it to stop. "Oh God, yes!"
She caressed my inner thighs, inching towards my pussy, "and you like people seeing you like this, don't you?"
Fuck, I was getting too juicy, too horny to think, "yes! Fuck! I'm soo horny!"
"Then I'll send your pictures to everyone I know."
My clitty was getting soo swollen that I was getting swept away. "oh my God, yes! Oh fuck!"
Then 'to everyone I know' hit me like a snowball in my face.
"Oh my God, wait! No, oh shit, please don't!"
She smiled at me and chuckled. "Weren't you the little bitch in heat just now? Don't worry, I probably won't share them but you'll have to do me a favor." She rummaged around in a small backpack she wore and pulled out a velvet bag.
"I made this the other day in the ceramics studio." She pulled something out that was really colorful, with lots of blues and blacks. "Just put this plug in your rear hole." It was beautifully decorated smooth ceramic 5 inch plug.
Now I told you I don't do anal unless I'm really horny. Well, I was past the point of really horny. I was at the point where I was - oh fuck, I would've jumped on Nathan if his dick wasn't locked away. But talking to Ellen, that was longest time I ever was kept turned on without any relief! The plug was so smooth it didn't need lube.
She kept caressing my thigh and almost whispered "just do it. Enjoy your sexuality. Besides, it's summer break. Turn around and bend over, dear."
I was on auto-pilot! I was shivering and shaking, a quivering lump of hot flesh being molded by her. I turned around, got on all fours and thrusted my butt to her. I almost gushed when she put it in! But she didn't just put it in. She played with it in my hole, spinning it around, taking it halfway out and putting it back in, until - oh my God - she was fucking me with it! I didn't want to admit it but she was right. I'm a pervert and it's like she gave me permission to be a bigger one and oh fuck! I couldn't help myself and what really shocked me was . . . I didn't want to stop.
After a minute or two, she put it firmly in and kissed my left ass cheek. "such a good girl. You're so obedient, aren't you?" I didn't want to say anything, I just wanted to something deep in my pussy. Then. SMACK!
"You're so obedient, aren't you?"
"Uh, y..yes."
"Well Amanda dear, this is getting a bit much for poor Nathan," she stood up as I felt the sting from her slap on my ass. "I better take him out of here before he has a heart attack. Enjoy your sexuality."
I sat upright, panting, slowly running my hands over my body, feeling the plug deep in me only made me feel like a little slut. Oh fuck, who am I fooling? I am a little slut! I'm more than that now, I'm a little slut pervert!
"I'll email you later Amanda, you must come visit us and see the wonderful play contraptions that Nathan amde. Good bye!" She pulled Nathan by his hand and as they headed away, I laid back on the rock, my legs hanging off the side, two fingers thrusting in puss and my other hand fucking my tight hole with the plug. I looked up at the blue open sky, then turned to look at the stream and saw my dildo still stuck to the rock. I bit my lip and felt mischievous again.