Chapter 01 - A Whole Lotto Surprises
This story is, obviously, fantasy. It is based on what I would like to imagine I would do if I were in similar circumstances. It contains group sex, M/M and F/F sex and semi public sex. If that's not your bag, please stop here. And no, it is only a fantasy - I haven't won the lotto yet.
I never really expected to get rich - who does? It's not like I gamble - I find Vegas annoying, and don't follow sports at all - but every now and then I buy a lotto ticket. I think I won $200 about 30 years ago once, but the vast majority of the time ... zip. So when I bought that ticket, I got home and threw it on my desk with my other pocket stuff and promptly forgot about it. I was as surprised as anyone the next week when I stopped by the 7/11 in the morning for my muffin and OJ and the manager (a nice guy) stopped me and said "Was it you?"
Not having any idea what he might have been talking about I said "Probably? What am I supposed to have done this time?"
"Probably not, then. Somebody bought their winning lotto ticket here."
I had to laugh at that. Me win the lotto? A nice idea, but like I said, I don't win things. I could do a whole Rodney Dangerfield routine on all of the things I haven't won.
"I wish! I am more than ready to retire, but I doubt it was me. I'll have to check my ticket when I get home. Say - doesn't the store that sold the winning ticket get something?"
"Yeah" he grinned. "It's going to be a nice bonus for all of my people. But whoever sold the actual ticket will get a little bit more."
"Well, I hope it's me, then. You always sell me my tickets."

***

I didn't really think about it for the rest of the day. I was busy enough to let it fall from my consciousness, and I never win anything, right? But when I got home and fired up my computer I noticed the lotto ticket in the stack of stuff I keep on my desk, and thought *What the hell?* and opened another browser window and went to the lotto site.
*Powerball .... match! Damn - I broke even! First number... match! Second number... holy crap... Third, fourth.... Oh my god, I'm gonna be rich! How many others won? Just me. Comes out to ... 95 Million. Definitely enough to retire on. Now let's see, 60% of that comes out to...52... OK, that's enough. I wonder what the tax load will be?*
Spend ten percent, gift ten percent, invest the rest. And the Lotto office isn't open at night, so... find out what time the lotto office was open, and where it was.
I put the ticket in an envelope and opened up a window to a real estate site. I knew what kind of house I wanted - now to see if it existed.
Thursday morning I got up, called into the office and told them I'd be late - I had a slight 'personal emergency' I had to take care of. Then I dressed very carefully, combed my hair and drove up to the lotto office
The lotto people had some questions to make sure I was on the level, but I had tried to plan ahead and brought my driver's license, my social security card and a certified copy of my birth certificate, plus a couple of electric bills and rent reciepts, so that once they wee sure it was me whod bought the ticket ("Where did you buy it? When? From who?), they got a signed statement, some publicity snaps an the like, and then wrote out a check and got it signed and co-signed in return for the ticket. Maybe twenty minutes work for almost forty million dollars. Not a bad hourly rate. There was also a tax guy there, and he gave me some forms to fill out and warned me they would be due pronto.
From there I drove to my credit union (after changing into a less horrible shirt and combing my hair the way I normally did. Any stalkers who used the publicity snaps would have to see past the surface) to deposit the check. The people there were friendly as always, but were nearly as shocked as I was when they saw the check. Fortunately (with planning) I'd asked to talk to one of the loan people instead of going directly to a teller, so few people knew what was happening. The loan officer called the lotto office, verified the check number and name and all that stuff, and then created a set of nested accounts - each one at or under the FDIC insurance limit - and I thanked him profusely, asked for a thousand dollars in cash (because ... come on - that's what you do, right?), and went to work.
When I got to the office I checked in with my boss, then went to the store room and grabbed an empty paper box, then went to my office and after logging into my computer, started sorting through all of the crap in my desk, putting personal stuff in the box while running the daily reports and doing the usual daily drudgery. Once I got things up and running and the immediate stuff taken care of, and the box filled and my desk emptied, I walked to my boss' door.
"You busy?" I asked. Her door was open, and she was working on ... something, as always. When she turned to face me I (as always) admired her beauty and her ready smile, and (as always) reminded myself that her husband was on the SWAT team.
"The usual" she said. "What's up?"
"I quit" I said, and watched her expression change... and then change again.
"You're serious?"
"Yep."
"So this is your two weeks notice?"
"Nope - this is my two minute warning."
"What?"
"You know me. Under normal conditions I'd have stayed on and trained my replacement, but ... things have changed here lately, and not for the better. So I got a better offer, and I'm taking it."
"I hope it's a really good offer!"
"Passable. Pays about 40 million." I teased, and then the lights went on in her head.
"You won the lotto!?"
"Yup. And all of those times when I said I'd leave a hole in the air if I won? They were true."
She'd finally realized I wasn't kidding. "Well I'll miss you."
"I'll miss you, too - and a few other people. But not enough people any more to tie me down. I just wanted you to know first. Now I'm gonna go talk to HR and the boss." I gavce a little wave, and turned and walked away. It's the best way, after all.
The Office Manager/HR person was not as understanding or forgiving. But she was also enough less of a people person that she got the paperwork rolling without too much complaining, and then I walked by the Boss' office and told her I was leaving and went back to my desk to finish packing.
I actually finished up the day's work, as it gave me a chance to find a touch of closure, and let the word spread and those who gave a damn to come by my office and say their farewells. Laughs were had, some tears were shed, and at five I walked out the door.
I took my time driving home. Went through the park, and detoured enough to be able to just look at things from a new perspective. Grabbed some food on the way there, and once I got home I didn't turn on the news. Just put on some music, went on-line and started serious house hunting. But unlike the night before, it was all real, and I picked a couple of houses and hit the 'contact realtor' button to get a tour.
The strangest part the next day was not getting up when the alarm clock went off, but instead turning it off. 35 years without a real vacation had left me unprepared for being at loose ends. But I do other things than work, so I got out one of my horns and spent an hour practicing/playing (never work the horn - play the music! As my brother used to say), and thought about maybe putting my band back together. We'd fallen apart when the place where we used to practice kicked us out, and my MD passed on a week later. Hosting a 17 piece big band, even a rehearsal band, takes time and space and money, and now I had those. Hmmmm...
Then I looked at the box of stuff from my office, and at the bulging shelves that lined the walls. I needed boxes. Lots of boxes. Google 'Shipping and moving". Find a local place and order, say, a hundred boxes. Don't worry about cost, having paid off the VISA yesterday and bumped the limit to $50K. Hell with it - order one of those "pods" and a hundred boxes to be dropped off in front of my apartment building.
At about noon the phone rang - it was one of the realtors I'd clicked on. Up on the hill, 4,000 square feet, high ceilings, five bedrooms, 2 million dollars. When did I want to see the property? Tomorrow would be good. We arranged a time to meet, and hung up. At least she had a nice voice.
The next day the Pod showed up bright and early, and I met with the movers and signed for it, took the boxes out and hauled them back into the apartment, piled them on the sofa and turned on the boob tube and began packing.
A movie or two later, and a few dozen boxes later I showered, dressed like In thought someone with money but relaxed about it (nice slacks and a polo shirt), grabbed a few items I thought might be handy and drove over to the first house. I was glad it was this one who had called first, as it was my favorite of the few I'd tagged. A good sign? I hoped so.
The house was only a mile or two from my apartment, and I was surprised to find parking right in front, so I snapped a few pictures from in front and tried to guess at the layout and other details that were hard to guess from the web site and just waited for the realtor to arrive.
She drove up about ten minutes before our scheduled time and parked in the house's driveway - something I wasn't ready to do yet - and walked up to the front door.
*Nice ass* I thought from my car across the street. Some people rock a suit better than others. I gave her a minute to unlock the front door and look inside before getting out of my dar and approaching.
"Hey, there" I said when I stepped off of the sidewalk. "I'm Tom - I believe we have an appointment?"
She turned and smiled *Nice smile, too!* and reached out to shake my hand while giving me a quick once-over and apparently not disapproving.
"Hello. I'm Trina. Ready for your tour?"
The house was very nice. Nicer than any place I have ever lived (mostly barracks and apartments). She showed me the features that sold well, and I looked at the structure andmeasured the spaces (have tape measure, will travel). Shed showed me the pool and I asked why there weren't any solar panels. She showed me the kitchen and I looked under the sink for signs of repair. She showed me the family room with its fifteen foot ceilings (one feature I definitely wanted) and I checked the acoustics. Not bad. She showed me the bedrooms and I looked at her ass (not bad at all!) And asked about cable connections.
When we finished her planned tour, she asked if there was anything else I'd like to see? I found it difficult not to be too obvious what I really wanted to see, and instead asked to see the water heater and electrical panel. She glanced down to see a fairly noticeable bulge in my slacks and said "I'll show you all you want."
Once the tour was done, we talked money. She told me the asking price, and I told her it'd cost at least $100K to put in double-paned windows, solar panels, proper computer wiring and to remodel the upstairs bathroom.. As she had basically shown me that bath and not commented on it or highlighted I could tell she also knew it needed to be re-done, so she said she'd ask. I told her to find out who did the pool while she was talking to the owners - it would be much easier to keep someone familiar on the job - and she went into another room to call while I prowled on my own.
She found me ten minutes later sketching the layout of the ground floor and noting where I'd put what and pointing to her phone asked me what kind of deal I'd like to make.
"Cash."
"Cash?"
"Sure - cash. Come with me to my credit union and bring the contracts and we can have this finished today."
"You're kidding."
"I never kid about money. I like the house - it's almost exactly what I wanted. Unless you have some objection?"
She shook her head no, and went out in the living room to talk to the clients, then came back a minute later and handed me her phone. "They want to talk to you."
"Hello?"
"Hi - this is the current owners. Are you sure you like the place?"
"Is there a reason why I shouldn't? Does the roof leak or something?"
"No - we just didn't expect a cash offer, much less this soon."
"Well, I like your house. Could I ask a question, though?"
"I guess."
"What's trash day?"
The woman on the other end of the line laughed long and hard at that, and I held out the phone so the realtor could hear it, and she giggled too (also very well), and gave her phone back when asked to.
"If you're sure" she started.
"I see no reason not to ... oh - I need to see the garage - but no, I see no reason not to be."
We looked at the garage, and I saw there was already a plug ready for the car (yes! I could upgrade to a plug-in electric - maybe even a Tesla!) And room for storage and tools and I suggested we take my car to the CU.
On the drive I asked her about herself and she about me and maybe we flirted, maybe not. I'd been single for long enough, after a horrific breakup, that I was not entirely certain. But she got form contracts from her bag and called her office on the way, and when we got there I asked for a mortage specialist. That got me a look from her, and when we went into the office it turned out to be the same person who'd deposited my check for me, so I told him I was ready to buy a house and the realtor had the contracts at hand.
"Put the price in a special account - assign a fifteen year mortgage to it, and include the interest to the gross price. Then do an automatic debit every month and that way they get their price, I get good credit status, and nobody has to worry about details like remembering to pay the mortgage... then put 10% of that amount into another account to cover the property taxes, and we're set. Does that work for you?"
They both assured me that it did, and she filled out the paperwork, I signed it, the banker signed it, and she signed it. And I owned a house!
Once the paperwork was done she got the banker to give us certified copies (nice and necessary to have a notary in house) and we walked back to the car. And drove to the house. My house.
She handed me the keys, and I guess something swelled besides my pride, because instead of getting in her car and driving away, she asked to come in and use the facilities.
I was in the kitchen when she came into the room stark naked (extremelynot bad!!) and asked "don't you think you should bless the house?"
"Is this a standard service?"
"No - but for one thing, I don't get a $75,000 cash commission every day, and for another... you're kind of cute."
"Seventy five...? Wow. That's almost twice what I made last year!"
She stepped back, shocked. "But I thought..."
"Thought I was filthy rich? I am. Now. I won the lotto two days ago. So this will be the only house I buy. Still want to bless the house?"
"I think so... but first I need to know just how blessed you really are."
I tried not to rush, but I had my shirt off by the time she'd crossed to where I was standing, and kicked my shoes off as she was sinking to her knees.
Putting a hand on the front of my slacks, she smiled and said "I thought I'd seen a couple of hints of this earlier" and then undid my belt and my fly and let my slacks fall to the floor. By then I was almost fully hard, and my cock lifted the front of my boxers. She rubbed its length with the palm of her hand a few times, bringing it to full hardness and making my underwear more than a bit uncomfortable. Before I could do much of anything, though, she leaned in, grabbed the waistband of my shorts and pulled them down, letting my cock spring free and hit her in the face and spattering it with drops of pre-cum.
"Oh, you are excited, aren't you!" she exclaimed and, gripping the shaft lightly began to lick up an down its length, taking the time to squeeze out and lick up a few drops of pre-cum every few trips up to the head.
Gently cupping my balls with her other hand, she backed uff and looked over the whole length and then carefully wrapped her lips around the head and slowly, gradually, carefully began to inch her way along the length until she had more than half of it in her mouth and then backed away, letting her tongue linger along the underside, bringing forth a flood of sensation. She repeated this again and again, getting faster each time and going deeper each time until she had all but the last couple of inches in her mouth, but I could feel it bottoming out every time and I could smell her aroma getting stronger by the second.
She backed off after a few minutes and gasped "Oh, that's nice!"
"Thank you - but I think it's my turn now" I said and, thankful for carpeting and good pad, I sank to my knees next to her and kissed her deeply, tasting my pre-cum in her mouth and letting my free hand meander down to her moist mound.
We both eased our way down to the floor as I fingered and kissed her, and I did my level best to make it as good as I remembered it could be. She also used her free hand on me, and after a few minutes (I did not look at a clock) rolled onto her back and said "Fuck me!"
"Ummm... I didn't bring a condom. Hell, I never anticipated this!"
"Don't worry about it - I'm married and on the pill."
I though about it for a very long time (at least three or four seconds) and said "I'd love to, but first I have to get you ready."
"Ready? How much more ready can I get?"
I didn't answer in words, just pivoted around until I could plunge my face into her sodden pussy and see if I could remember how it was done.
Five minutes and two orgasms later I decided that maybe I hadn't forgotten everything I'd ever known about that particular art, and that just maybe I owed the Ex a tiny bit of thanks for letting me practice it so much when we were together. My ears were ringing a little bit from a combination of being squeezed between her lush but muscular thighs and her squeals when I found the right spot.
Then I kissed and licked my way up her body, enjoying the giggles elicited when I made side trips to her navel and small but perky tits, and the soulful hum when I licked and nibbled at the base of her neck and earlobes, but I was intrigued at how thoroughly she kissed me back when I got to her mouth, as I undoubtedly still tasted like her pussy. But she just moaned when I rubbed the head of my cock along her nether lips, and when I went to ease it into her she rocked her hips and took all eight thick inches at once.
I eased out a bit and then slammed home and she gasped and clenched her thighs again, which let me know this was how she liked it, so I kept going, hardly changing the rhythm at all until the front door slammed open and a man barged in, shouting "Just what do you think you are doing?"
I was, of course, a little bit discomfited by this, but Trina just looked over at him and said "We're fucking! Surely you remember how that works!" Then she looked up at me, and said "Tom - this is Dennis, my husband."
"Your husband."
"I texted him while we were signing the papers. I hope you don't mind?"
"I don't if he doesn't, I guess."
"Hi, I'm Dennis" he said.
"Could you close the door, Dennis?"
They both laughed at that (thank goodness!) And when he walked away to close the door, I resumed my rhythm, which was apparently good enough for Trina, who used arms and legs to pull me closer to her.
I got enough into it (as it were) enough that I didn't notice Dennis taking his clothes off, but after our introduction that didn't surprise me at all. It only became an issue when he leaned in to kiss his wife. Not wanting to interfere, I leaned back on my knees until I was perpendicular to her, pulled her hips up and toward me and, supporting her ass with both hands, continued fucking.
He kissed her for a while, deeply from what I could see and definitely passionately, and then moved up onto his knees next to her face and gave her something more interesting to do with her mouth.
He had a nice cock. Probably six inches and a bit long and neither thick or thin, which explained why she was getting so much out of mine, but still perfectly acceptable, and she seemed to be enjoying it. For one thing, she could take it all the way to the root, and did so every few strokes. For another, I could tell from other things that she was more excited now than she had been when we started, even though she had known he would be arriving soon. A few minutes more like this and I'd be cumming all over the place, and given my recent dry spell and the slim odds of anything like this happening again, I wanted to extend this experience as far as possible.
She shuddered through another orgasm, and when that brought me much closer to my own than I wanted yet, I pulled out, slid down her body and again attacked he sodden pussy with my tongue.
"No!!! Aaaah!! So close!! Give me cock!!!" she squealed, and hubby took that to heart and moved further south.
But ... it's my party, I reasoned, and I'll fuck if I want to, so when he got withing range and tried to nudge me aside, I instead twisted my face to the side and sucked his cock into my mouth.
"Oh my god!" he moaned, and I used my tongue to stimulate the underside of his glans. I plunged down to take all of him into my mouth, and he jerked and twitched.
"What the hell?" she asked, lifting herself up on her elbows to watch, and I let him pop out of my mouth and turned back to lick and suck on her clit making her eyes roll up in her head.
I alternated between the two of them for a minute or five until they were both irretrievably into it and then moved out of the way and guided his rock-hard cock into her pussy, then slid up and began kissing her again. What had happened had turned her on no end, and she kissed back very deeply and passionately, and took me in hand as we kissed, and then had to lick her essence off of her hand, which I joined in and helped as I could. We got into a rhythm of him fucking her, her running our combined essence off of my cock and both of us licking it off until he groaned "I'm cumming!"
I pulled back to keep from getting an elbow in the face (he was really getting into it) and let him lean in and really get into it, and when he came he set her off and they both got really into it until he all but fell off of her, rolling onto his back, his damp cock flopping out onto his thich, still soaked from their combined juices.
She gave me a hopeful look, but instead of jumping on and fucking her, I dove in face first and licked her deeply, eating their combined juices from her until she was shiny clean. Halfway through this he finally caught his breath and leaned up on one elbow to watch, but I waved him back when he started to lean in, an once I'd eaten her to yet another orgasm I backed off and cleaned him up, licking and sucking their combined cum off of his cock, and maybe sucking a few last drops out of it.
Then I leaned in and kissed her deeply and while she was tasting their combined juices from my tongue, plunged my cock into her and after just a few minutes (after more than forty minutes, all told) came long and deep into her.
However, when I went in to clean up my mess, he nudged me out of the way and with a questioning look at her (and a very surprised look from her) echoed my performance, cleaning each of us up.
"I never would have thought..." she finally said.
"Either would I" he finished, "but... it was good. Surprisingly good."
"You've never done this before? You seemed to be expecting it."
"We've swung before - been in the lifestyle for years - but ... never done any gay stuff before."
"Because...?"
"Because... because I don't know. It never seemed right then. The few people who brought it up just seemed ... off, somehow."
"Ah. I know how that works. They were sensation-seekers, not genuine, trying to see what they could get, not what they could share."
"What?"
"Something I learned back when I was a psych major - there are givers and there are takers ... and a fairly wide grey area between them. But people who are out to have fun by sharing themselves tend not to blend well with people who have fun by taking from others. We just shared something intimate and were all about the giving and sharing, so it worked. If we'd all been looking out for just ourselves thre would have been jealousy and control issues and a certain lack of openness, and we all would have felt separate. Or I could be wrong. Never finished that degree."
"Ha! Funny. But it makes sense..."
"Tell you what - look at things that way the next time you do a ... lifestyle thing, and see what difference it makes. Now, if you don't mind too much, I have packing to do."

***

We exchanged cards, so we had each others' phone numbers and email addresses, but I spent the next week moving. Two days packing and labeling boxes got all of the heavy stuff out to the pod (and made me feel both more tired and more fit), and then I called the pod people (there were no Gelflings available) to pick up the unit and started taking more delicate stuff over in the car. I also called a locksmith to meet me there to change out all of the locks. When he called back with an expected arrival time (within two hours.Sheesh!) I took another load over and started arranging what was there by room.
The locksmith arrived almost on time, which was a pleasant surprise, and after I'd shown him around said he had everything needed in his truck, which was a more pleasant surprise. I let him do his thing, and kept working on my organizing using a floorplan I'd drawn on my laptop. I'd actually considered following the pattern for the house and offering him a blowjob, but he was almost as old as me, and unattractive. This would be the music room. This would be the game room. This would be the relaxing room. This wold be the art room. I needed a place for beach towels for people using the pool. I needed to count the number of spaces in the wine cooler to know what to stock. I needed to change out that horrible light fixture from something for posh dining to something better suited to pool and billiards. Reminder: Check out pool tables.
The pod arrived just as the locksmith finished (and he was pleasantly surprised to be paid in cash), which meant I was officially mostly now a resident of the house instead of the apartment. Note: Change voter registration and all that jazz at the post office.
Stack boxes here. Stack boxes there. Get things basically in the rooms where they were to go. Time to decide what colors to do each room in. Fuck - look at the time - nearly five o'clock and still 80 degrees and is there any beer in the fridge? Gods look at the size of the fridge! Order out for something, and change into something more comfortable if I'm gonna be moving furniture! And get the cable switched over so I'd have decent net coverage.

***

Three days later, everything had been moved into the house. I'd gone to the hardware store and grabbed a bunch of paint chips the first day, gone back the second day and gotten a pint of each of the colors I'd tentatively decided on, and the third day I contacted a painter, gone to the pool table company, called the IRS guy I'd met at the lotto office and gone to look at fancy beds. My bed had served me well for 12 years, and I'd kept it but put it in a guest room. I'd also lost about five pounds just from moving all of the furniture around and like it, so I looked on-line to find a good personal trainer. I had no reason to stay flabby now, did I?
I spent the fourth day doing a deep cleaning on the apartment. A couple of neighbors had noticed al of the moving stuff and the pod, but as I'd done most of it while they were at work, I doubt many had realized just who was moving. Gods, what a mess. The bedroom walls had been covered with bookcases for 20+ years, we'd had a termite infestation around the turn of the century, and they had cracked in a small quake in the early 90's, so I had to patch and spackle them. An hour to get the tub and bathroom floor sparkling clean. Two hours vacuuming, including inside the cupboards, then leave a text for my nephew - my favorite relative - and let him know that I had some money for him if he wanted to spend a day helping the old man with some spring cleaning.
A week later, the nephew came by and was shocked at the lack of everything at the apartment. But he helped me get the place in prime (enough) condition, and as I'd promised him some money for the help and as he was curious as he could be, I took him to the house with the cleaning supplies, gave him the grand tour and a check for a million dollars.
That was fun.
The next day the painters came, and the decorator came by to measure for curtains. Neither were at all physically interesting so I just worked with them on what I wanted done.
The next day the carpenters came to start building bookcases in the den. I had them planned in intricate detail and there were some questions about some aspects, but it was all do-able, and for once I didn't have to worry about the good/fast/cheap triad. They would be done in ten days if they could use the garage for a workshop. I had not trouble with that at all, as that was what I intended to use it for myself once I got settled. Being rich was exhausting, but exhilarating at the same time.
That night I stayed in the house for the first time.
The new bed had been delivered and set up, and I'd gotten new sheets when I ran down to Target for towels and toilet paper and al of that stuff, and I was more than willing to find out what a state of the art bed would be like. I spend a bunch of hours getting things set up as I liked, then showered and crashed at about ten or so. It took a while to find the most comfortable settings for the bed (settings for a bed! Twenty-first century problems) and left the window cracked a bit for a breeze, and was still amazed at how quiet it was here - no freeway noise, no helicopters, no people upstairs watching loud TV - and readied myself for the first night of complete comfort and relaxation in over forty years.
So you can imagine how annoyed I was when I was awakened in the middle of the night by the sounds of rowdy laughter, splashing water and the stench of cheep weed coming in my bedroom window.
Looking out my bedroom window into my backyard, I saw a gaggle of former teens playing and splashing in the pol and attached jacuzzi. I have to say 'former teens' because although they were clearly in their early twenties, they were behaving like teenagers in a party at the parents' house while the 'rents are out on vacation. I could see cans of beer, clouds of smoke, unwashed hair and bodies... people splashing and laughing in the pool, some swimming or playing, others just lolling in the jacuzzi smoking and drinking. Few wore anything at all, and from what I could see, most should have.
I grabbed a robe and my phone and went out to the main room and switched on the lights for the back yard, which elicited a round of jeers from by the pool.
"Turn the lights off!"
"But turn the pool light on!"
I stepped out onto the patio to look them over, and they returned the favor. The levels of disdain on either side were pretty even, given that they outnumbered me by eight to one.
"You're another friend of Mike and Tina? When will they be home?"
"They won't. They sold the house to me. You have thirty seconds to get off of my property before I call the cops."
One of the less unattractive girls climbed out of the pool and tried to slink toward me, her fake tits going well with the greenish-blue of her hair and the piercings I could see finishing off the whole look. "Are you sure you don't want us to stay? We could have a lot of fun!"
"I have a feeling my idea of fun and yours are wildly different. I do know that I prefer to have fun with people I know and respect. And definitely people I like. You don't have any of that. But you do have fifteen seconds to leave." I held up my phone and showed them the 911 code and put my finger over the 'call' button.
When they hesitated, I said "imagine the resources necessary to buy this house in this day and age. Then consider that I spent thirty years in the justice system after ten years in military intelligence. Then imagine what I could do to you if you stay. Five... Four... Threee... Two..."
By the time I finished counting they were gathering up their clothes and other accessories and running for the gate, still mostly naked. After they left I went to my room and grabbed an old padlock I had from my navy days and put it on the gate and made a mental note to get a better gate installed.

***

A week later the quarterly taxes were submitted, the insurance had been started, an electrician had put in better network cable and given me an estimate for a solar roof, a plumber had given me an estimate for a grey water system, the car had been exchanged for a new one that plugged in, one family member had found out about the change in status and the physical trainers were scheduled to show up for their interviews. I'd given them all the same day to interview, and had arranged twenty minute windows with a dozen different people - four hours of interviews - but as the temperatures were in the low 90's and I didn't have an office yet (the shelves were coming along very nicely), I got a big trash can and filled it with ice and drinks, put out beach towels, and got the interview forms organized on the pool table.
The first of the trainers showed up at eleven, almost exactly when their interview was to start. He was big and buff and tattooed and sure of himself and started off with "well, first we have to do something about your diet, and get you out and running" so I immediately crossed him off of the list of possibles, but we had a nice talk and during that talk two others showed up for their shot and I told them they could wait by the pool or go in if they wanted.
After the first hour, I had one person in the house and five by the pool. They averaged about thirty years old, very fit, and very energetic. All of them had, so far, accepted the invitation to hang out by the pool, and one had asked if I had a grill - maybe he could cook something up? - but I just said I hadn't been here long enough to furnish the patio, and I had a fully functional kitchen with access to the patio anyway. So he went out by the pool, grabbed another beer, and kept chatting up the others.
By half past twelve there were eight people on the patio and I was just finishing up another interview when someone pounded on the door. Everyone had rung the bell before that, but I guessed someone wanted a more dramatic entrance and after asking the interview to please wait went and opened the front door.
My ex was ... an interesting person. We'd known each other for nearly thirty years, and she came to me after her marriage ended with her husband 'running out on her.' I'd had a thing for her since the first night we'd met, and I'd been her fallback position through years of ups and downs in life and business. She'd moved away when local housing prices had gone too high to live comfortably, and she and her ex had lived in the midwest and put all of their energies into running their business... until he took off with a co-worker. She ran to me for comfort and I took her in.
Within a year, I discovered that she didn't want a husband or a friend - she wanted a nice house, a good car, and all of the creature comforts. She demanded that I take on a second job (giving up my music and writing), and then that I quit my job (just as my pension was due to mature) and look for something more profitable, even knowing that getting better jobs at my age was more than difficult. And she contributed less and less both financially, emotionally and sexually to the relationship until we had a major blow-up. I wanted a partner, she wanted a rainy day fund. I wanted a friend, she wanted a servant. So after about a year, she served me with papers and moved out, leaving me in a deep well of despair. My only advantage was that I knew most of the judges at the courthouse, so she left the marriage with exactly what she'd come into it with, minus one friend.
She re-married two months later - a guy with a very good income and no perception.
And now her agents had let her know about my good fortune, and she wanted to get something.
She was still good looking for a woman her age. She'd always taken care of herself, and the past five years had not changed that. Indeed, having a very good bank account had left her looking very youthful, except for deeper lines between her eyebrows and another different hair color (which always changed on a monthly basis anyway). She was trying to smile and look friendly, but I knew her face far too well to believe it any more. Or maybe I'd become jaded enough that I could not believe my eyes - my shrink and I had discussed that one at length.
"Hello" I said. "Twelve thirty-seven."
"What?"
"You can't say I wouldn't give you the time of day. Well, you have said that, but you were wrong. What do you want?"
"Can I come in?"
I shrugged. "If you wish." I bowed her into the house, and called to the interviewee "please wait by the pool with the others. Small personal emergency here."
She nodded quizzically and went out onto the patio, and I tuerned back to the Ex. "Would you care for a tour?"
She nodded tightly, and I led her into the house. "Living room at the front, of course. Kitchen and dining ahead, though you remember how little time I have for fine dining, so I converted it into a game room. Open plan kitchen connects to that, so it's all good for casual entertaining." We turned left. "Music room here - you probably remember some of this. They're working on the den here..." I led her into the den where the carpenters were putting in the shelving. "Not ready yet. All the books are in the garage." Back into the living area, and toward the living room where I waved her to a chair. "Pool and yard out there, master bedroom in that way, guest rooms upstairs. Do you like it?"
"It looks pretty rough."
"Only been here a few weeks, and looking at furniture and the like. Nothing is quite finished yet, but it's getting there."
She looked around, and saw a few items displayed.
"The Black Bird?"
"Not the real one, of course, but ... why not?
"You have our picture still up?"
"People who made me who I am, even if they're not part of my life any more."
That gave her pause, and for a moment she almost reminded me of the woman I'd married.
"Ah. And how ar your folks?"
"Dead. Yours?"
"Still around." She looked at the other shots, including me and my brother at a music festival we'd done a couple of years ago. I'd given her a copy of his forst solo CD, autographed by the band, before we married. "And your brother?"
"Also dead."
"Um..."
"It's been a rough couple of years."
While she was searching for something to say, the doorbell rang. I opened it to find a young person in really good shape there and told them to please wait on the patio, and saw a handful of people by the open patio door listening intently.
Going back, I sat down and looked her in the eye. "What do you want?"
"What do you mean?"
"You only come to me when you want something. What do you want?"
"I do not!"
"We haven't spoken since you moved out. You knew where I lived, and you still have your key. Now I have money, and suddenly you show up. Draw your own conclusion. What do you want?"
"I want my fair share!"
"You got your fair share five years ago. If you want, we can go back in front of the same judge. His decision won't likely change."
"And the children in the back yard? The pretty little boys and girls? I know what you like, and I know what you're after!"
"As usual, you are judging me by what you want. I really wonder whatever became of the woman I used to know. She would have liked this, I think. Now unless you have something pertinent to say, please go - I am busy interviewing here, and we have people waiting in the hot sun."
"A bunch of innocent children for you to corrupt!"
"What happened with your son was not my fault. He went away to college and found himself, and the only thing I did was to encourage himself to be happy with who he was."
She tried to slap me for that, but I knew her too well to let it connect.
"I suggest you leave" I said and she rose, enraged.
"I'll make you suffer."
"Have your lawyer contact me - I'll put him in contact with my lawyer, and you'll end up paying the legal fees. Now please go."
"You worthless, miserable faggot!" she screamed, and flounced from the house. "You'll pay!"
After she left, I went back to the patio and scrounged a cold beer from the trash can full of ice and drinks.
"Sorry about that. My ex has ... issues."
"We heard. What happened to her son?"
"He went to college, found himself and came out. She blamed me because I told him it was all right. She said all of the right things until it was personal, end then turned her back on her ideals."
One of the big muscular guys took offense to that. "Who wants a fruit for a son?" he asked.
"There was nothing fruity about him" I answered. "He just found that his romantic leanings were not ... traditional enough to suit his mother. I just wanted ... want him to be happy. I haven't seen him since the break-up, but he's still welcome here, if he wants. She's not."
"But... a fruit?"
"I guess you're not welcome here, either. Please take your stuff and go - you haven't passed your interview."
He left with a couple of the others and I turned to the remaining crowd.
"Sorry about that - it was an unnecessary distraction. Now - where were we?"
The rest of the interviews went pretty well, and almost all of them stayed around after, even though I'd told them there would be no decision for a week or so. They were determined to turn it into a party, and after the day I'd had, I found no objection.
"All right all right - who wants to make this a party?"
A round of cheers went up.
"Sounds like agreement to me. Who likes cooking? I'm not a much of a cook, but the kitchen is pretty well stocked."
A few hands went up, and I waved them toward the doors.
"Anyone who wants to swim, go for it. Those who want to play pool, the table will be cleared in a couple of minutes."
"I didn't bring a suit" said one plaintive voice.
"We're all friendly here" I said. "Suits are not mandatory ... unless someone objects."
Expectations and eyebrows were raised at that.
"You're telling us that..."
"That you should be comfortable and happy. Nothing more."
One of the people came out from the kitchen. "Have you looked in his fridge? Junk food galore!"
"Cheese is not junk food!"
"We have to get you on a better diet!"
" No - you don't. I want a workout partner, not a dietician. Just someone to get me off my ass a couple of times a week."
"You advertised for..."
"I advertised for someone to help me get into better shape. Not perfect shape. I'm too old for that."
"You're not old!"
"Sometimes I am. I just want to feel less old and be able to follow through with that when needed."
"Oh, come on - how old are you?"
"Four hundred and ten."
"What???"
"Well, in dog years. Look - I've had a hernia, a heart... episode, several broken bones, and arthritis. I'm never gonna be young again, I couldn't run if you held a gun to my head, and I'd rather do my remaining years happy than striving for some ridiculous ideal. When I was your age I was probably in as good shape as almost all of you. But I've had a desk job for the past thirty years and gotten soft, and my endurance sucks. I just want to be comfortably healthy, not ideal. If any of you have other plans ... well, you're welcome to the party."
"That's a hell of a philosophy."
"I've lived a hell of a life. I've known people who were gym rats their whole life and they were happy. I gave up on that when I got out of the service, and have usually not missed it."
A few of them got thoughtful at that, and a couple wished me luck and then left, but most stayed. And one screwed up her eyes in concentration and said "fifty-nine?"
"In a few weeks, yes."
"I thought you were more like fifty."
Yeah, me too... etc.
"Stay indoors all of the time, and your skin will thank you for it."
"What about low-impact stuff?" asked one of the others.
"Swimming is good - I've been doing laps since I moved in."
"Have you ever considered yoga or Tai Chi?" asked the woman in yoga pants.
"Wu or Yang style?"
"I do Yang."
"I did Wu until my teacher moved away. Never tried yoga, though I do love yoga pants... but not to wear."
One of the younger woman blushed at that, and one of the older ones laughed out loud.
"Free weights?"
"All in favor of that. Wish I could handle a heavy bag, but my arthritis would probably stop me."
"Care for a swim before the food is ready?" asked one of them.
"That's usually my line" I said, and we all stood and moved toward the pool.
"Hey!" said the young man behind me.
We all looked and there were five nude people in the pool, and two in the jacuzzi, both of whom were ratherenthusiasticallynaked. Not doing anything overtly sexual yet, but kissing and groping very vigorously.
"They shouldn't be doing that" murmured the young lady to my right.
"Why not? It looks like good exercise to me, and neither of them seems to be objecting."
The young lady to my left (yoga pants) took a step back and backed right into me. I couldn't be sure if she was trying to back away or trying to get a better view, but her eyes never left the two in the jacuzzi, and when she backed into me she got bumped by a part of my anatomy that was feeling pretty young, lost her footing or concentration for a moment and grabbed on to steady herself, and then realizing what she was holding onto, let go as though it were on fire and clenched her fists.
She jumped a bit and looked over at me, blushing deeply. "Sorry."
"That's all right, you didn't hurt me."
"But I..."
"That's perfectly all right - I don't mind. Hell, it's been long enough..."
"And thick enough" she giggled.
"Why, thank you" I said, and I'm pretty sure I was blushing myself. So I half turned to be looking somewhere else and saw the other two people who'd been at the picnic table with us openly looking down. Apparently the young lady on the left's grip had been firmer than we thought, because there was nu question at all that I had a massive hard-on. The girl was just looking until she realized I'd noticed and then she blushed and turned her head away. The guy was practically drooling, and I could see his right hand clenching and unclenching. He also had a noticeable tent in his board shorts.
"Maybe a swing would be good for you" I said. "The water is nice and cold. I'm gonna check on the kitchen and see what's cooking there."
After a look around, he went to the table and put his keys and wallet there and then ran and jumped into the pool. I went into the house and Yoga Pants followed.
In the game room, a couple of guys were playing pool, seemingly oblivious to what was going on not twenty feet away and visible through the big windows. In the kitchen wonderful smells were being created and seemingly all of my new pots and pans were being used in various creative ways on chicken and vegetables and things, platters of cheese had been cut up, bowls of fruit had been set up, and several kinds of bread were being set up with condiments.
"How's it going in here?" I asked and the cooks gave me a quick thumbs-up.
"Give us ten minutes and we'll have a feast ready. Hope you don't mind!"
"For once, I really don't. The market is not far and it's nice to be happy. But I think I should warn the people on the patio - some are already finding different ways to entertain themselves."
That went right over their head, as they just went back to cooking (everyone has their own pleasures), but when I stepped back to the game room, Yoga Pants had the two pool players looking out of the window, and one of them had a hand on her shapely ass.
"Looks like fun, yes?" I asked, and the pool players jumped in surprise, moving apart. "Food will be ready in ten minutes. I think maybe we should let them know."
When we got outside, some pairing up had happened, but not much serious, and the couple in the jacuzzi had realized that they were being watched, and had calmed down. Or maybe they'd climaxed and were resting - I don't know. But things were more intimate and less energetic when I stepped to the side of the pool and announced "food will be ready in about ten minutes for those who wish to stay. Dessert... seems to have already begun, but I don't need to lecture about proper nutrition, do I?"
That raised some laughter, and the people in the water emerged to find towels, and I had a better chance to look them over.
They were all healthy, and mostly between 25 and 35, trending younger. They were mostly trim, though the woman from the jacuzzi and one of the others had what in my navy days we'd have called 'massive yabbos'. All of them had closely trimmed pubes, but only one looked to be shaved, and none had obvious piercings, though a couple had small tattoos.
Of the guys who'd remained, only one was really bulky like a weightlifter. The rest had runners' builds of swimmers' builds or something like. The weightlifter had either been in very cold water or was hung like a chipmunk (probably the result of steroids, or the reason for them), but two of the guys were hung at least as well as I was and one of the guys was getting stares from almost everyone for the size of his equipment - at least seven inches and thick, and not hard yet. He and the other woman with the massive endowment got a lot of looks, but nobody said or did anything. On the other hand, nobody was in any rush to get dressed, either. People dried off, wrapped themselves in towels, and cleared off tables of clothes and other gear and generally got ready to dine, all the while chatting as though this were nothing unusual. And who knows - maybe it was. I'd been out of circulation too long to really know.
But the Food was good. In some ways even excellent, and considering how basic I generally kept my larder, it was amazing. I complimented the cooks, they raved about my state of the art kitchen. We reached a happy middle ground where everyone was satisfied with the meal, and they quietly informed me that I would be doing the clean up, which I didn't mid at all, given the good company I was keeping.
During the meal, the jacuzzi girl's towel kept slipping loose, and after a while she just tucked it around her waist and let those giant boobs fly free, which caused most of those around the table to smile (among other things), and after a while caused most of the others to follow suit.
"So - have the two of you been friends long?" I asked the jacuzzi couple.
"Yes and no" she said.
"We were friends a long time ago, and then ... drifted apart." he said. "I haven't seen her in years. Sorry if we got carried away."
"I don't think many people really minded" said Yoga Pants, and the others agreed.
"A few of us found it inspiring" said one of the guys, and some others agreed.
"I think I've created a monster!" said jacuzzi girl, and Yoga Pants laughed and said "Yes, I think we all noticed him!"
The guy in question just smirked, his mouth full of chicken and veggies, and then he tipped his beer toward us in a toast. "To the monster" he said past the food, and took a swig of beer.
"So can I assume you've experienced reactions like that before?" I asked.
"Since I was twelve" he said. "Childhood was hell, and high school was... stressful, but interesting. Since then I've learned to deal with it, even if nobody else has."
"Can believe that!" said Yoga Pants, but muscle man just said "huh?"
"He means he gets so big that nobody has been able to deal with his cock" said jacuzzi guy, and the subject of the comment nodded and had another drink.
"Nobody?" I asked.
"Very few" he said. "A few have, but not very many."
"If you can push a baby out of a pussy, surely that will fit" said jacuzzi girl, and he nodded agreement.
"Yeah - that works, but it's actually not my favorite thing" he said.
"Why are all of the good ones gay or taken?" asked Yoga pants.
"Or old" I added, and she started to nod and agree, and then thought again about it and smacked me on the arm.
"Gotta be honest" I said, and the others nodded. "So age is a factor. Physicality is a factor. Attitude is a factor. Desire is a factor. You seem to be interested in one part of one factor - one ratherlargepart of one factor in this case..."
The man in question smirked, but said nothing, still listening.
"Which means...?" asked jacuzzi guy.
"Which means that the answer to 'why are all of the good ones gay or taken or old?' depends on your definition of 'good ones'" I said. "What are your goals, and on what scale? Long term, short term, serious, casual, all that jazz."
"Speaking of short term" said jacuzzi guy, "while this has been very nice and somewhat educational, I have a regular client in a while - I'll have to be going."
His friend and a couple of the others (including our muscle man) agreed, and I thanked them for showing up, reassured that I'd be back to them within the week, and they dressed and departed. That left (as I counted to myself) three young ladies, of which one was substantially endowed, four men, one of whom was the previously mentioned monster man, and myself.
"Well, swimming is out for at least what - fifteen minutes?" I began.
"And no storming the castle!" added Yoga Pants.
"Glad someone caught the reference" I chuckled. "So what shall we do now?"
"Well I, for one, would like to see just what this guy's qualifications really are!" said one of the women. "I've never seen one so big that I could not handle it."
"I think we should compare all of their qualifications" said the third woman. "After all, without a good baseline, how are we to compare?"
"A comparison of qualifications calls for a comparison of talents" I said, and the others all agreed. So we began by discarding towels, I removed my t-shirt and cutoffs and the six of us stood between the picnic table and the pool while the woman sat in the shade and ogled and got ogled in return.
Of the six men, I was in the worst shape. The others were all in fine to excellent shape and ranged from average to somewhat above average height - maybe 5'9" to 6'2" tall and from my own office pallor to a warm cocoa color. Though none of us were fully erect yet, none were flaccid either, and I could see nothing to be embarrassed about.
The ladies showed some diversity, with the shortest being about 5'# and the tallest a touch taller than me, and with boobs from a firm perky A+ cup on Yoga Pants girl and an easy D on the big amazon. I liked Yoga Pants - she had wit and a great smile... among other things.
I had a pretty good idea what my short term goas were, but what about long term? One of these people wold probably get the offer for the job - which did I want to be affiliated with for years? Who did I want to hang around with a couple of hours a week? Who would motivate me to reach my goals without too many (probably enjoyable) side trips?
"So... just what are the rules of this ... event, and how are we to judge?" I asked after everyone stood around for a moment, staring at each other.
"Ummm... Each willing participant spends a... two minutes on each willing subject, going from smallest to largest, with the subject grading from one to ten?" said Yoga Pants, and everyone eventually nodded.
"So ... sort by size" said the Amazon. "Come on, boys - get 'em up!"
Mister monster just stood there and smirked, but the rest of the guys reached down and started stroking, except me. Age is experience (unless you're really stupid), and I know what works for me, so I just crossed my arms and looked Yoga Pants in the eye, imagining what I'd like to do, and what it would feel like and what her reactions would be, and withing a dozen seconds was as hard as rock. She was blushing and smiling.
"Okay..." said the Amazon after a minute or so "You move one to your left, you one to your right... does that work for everybody?"
I ended up in the middle of the pack, Monster guy at one end and the Guy who looked and drooled at the other end.
"Smallest to largest, you say?" I said, looking Yoga Pants in the eye again, and she smiled, grabbed a towel and stepped up to the line.
"Wait - who has a watch? For the timing. I imagine we'd all like our fair chance."
Everyone looked around, surprised that I was actually taking the rules seriously, but I grinned and ran inside and grabbed by watch and a notebook and pencils, which I set by our feet. Then I handed the watch to Monster guy. "You get to be the timer. It'll give you something to do while you wait."
Yoga pants set the towel down, folded it and knelt on it in front of Guy who looked, and glanced at Monster guy.
"And ... go" he said.
I have to admit - I enjoyed seeing her enthusiasm and her technique. She knew what she was doing, and seemed to enjoy it almost as much as looking guy. He was just shy of seven inches, and she had no trouble taking all of him inter her mouth, but she didn't just bounce on it - she gave it her singular attention, and I could tell that he was having trouble holding back when Monster guy said "Time!" and she stopped, smiled up at him and moved over to the next guy. Guy who looked just stood there and tried to get himself under control, spit and pre-cum dripping from his throbbing cock to the concrete.
The next guy was maybe seven inches and a bit and uncut. He put his hands on Yoga Pants' head when she started and she immediately stopped.
"Don't do that" she said, and he folded his hands behind his back, but he lost some firmness, and when time was called, she looked less than happy.
"Do you need a drink or something?" aI asked, and she nodded, so I ran inside and brought out a glass of vodka and a small bottle of Listerine, which she used.
That annoyed him, but she ignored that, and when she was ready, I gave the nod to Monster guy, who called time.
All that delay had let me soften, so she was able to take me all in to start, but it didn't take me long at all to harden, and I was enough thicker than the two previous guys that she had some trouble taking it all, but she did her level best, and her level best was very good indeed. I'd gone from almost zero right to the edge in two minutes!
The fourth guy was one of the pool players - the one who'd had his hand on her ass - and he was about a half inch longer than me, and just slightly slimmer. He was very ready when she started, and that gave her some difficulty. I could see that she was putting all of her skills to use, but still could not quite handle his entire length. When time was called, she was slightly frustrated, and he was breathing heavily.
Monster guy handed off the watch when she knelt in front of him, and as his nod I called Time. He was enough thicker than me and enough longer than ... everyone that she struggled from the start. At full growth he had to be at least ten inches, and maybe closer to eleven. She used all of her skills, but I could see the stress in her face as she tried to get more than half of him into her mouth. She was frustrated, but he seemed to be making the best of it, and when I called time he helped her up and gave her a hug.
"That was marvelous" he said. "Don't feel bad because it was more than you could handle."
She smiled at that, and then we all wrote our scores on the notepad. I gave her a solid nine, and hoped I'd get a chance to give her a solid eight later.
The next of the three had seen what she was up against, and ran through the course with few difficulties. Her technique was sadly average, and she took the time to swab the second guy with the vodka before she started on him, but she also refused to have his hands on her head, and he was just as bothered by her as he'd been by Yoga Pants. She really tried to get Monster guy in her mouth, but by the time she was done, it was clear both of them were less than satisfied.
When she was done and we'd all written our score, Monster guy called "Next!" and we all laughed. But some laughed when Guy who looked raised his hand.
"That's me!" he said, and though the second guy raised an eyebrow, he just said "We already know that guy is ... open to it" motioning to Monster guy, "and not only do I enjoy this, I want a shot at it!"
We all looked around, and everyone shrugged acceptance, but the second guy went completely flaccid, and nothing Guy who looked could do could get him up again. When he got to me his technique was pretty standard bobbing up and down and I had to warn him twice about teeth. He did even less well than the second woman had with Monster guy, an I have a feeling our scores for him reflected that.
Next was the Amazon. She was almost as enthusiastic as Yoga Pants, and had been sipping vodka since I brought the bottle out to rinse with, and was a little bit tipsy when she arranged the towel in front of Guy who looked, and laughed as she put her hands on his thighs and looked at Monster guy.
"Ready!" she said and Guy who looked gave a thumbs-up and grinned.
"Time!" said Monster guy and she started in. From what I could see, her technique was excellent, and when I glanced over at Yoga Pants she was watching intently and rubbing herself, her tongue occasionally peeking out from between her lips.
Time was called in what felt like a moment, and left Guy who looked gasping. There was no saliva or anything else left dripping on the concrete, though as the Amazon was careful to clean it all up. But we were all surprised when the gave the second guy a pass, and he was clearly angry, but she was very clear that it was her choice.
When she started on me, I was ... Shall we say 'pleasantly surprised'? Her technique was excellent, dn I could tell from her moaning that she was as into it as anyone could be. What's more, she was probably six inches taller than Yoga Pants - almost as tall as me - and more than a little bit broader in proportion, which gave her a bigger mouth which she used to full advantage. She wasn't as skilled with her tongue, but overall she was amazing, and I was glad when time was called as I had other things I wanted to save for.
She took all of the next guy with seeming ease, and we could all see when she nudged the last half-inch into her throat not just from the subtle movement of her head, but from his groan of pleasure.
"Holy crap! She's got it all!" he said, and she slurped back up to the head, gave it a little swirl, and went back down at least three more times, deep throating him each time, before time was called.
She mad more luck with Monster guy. She was able to take more than eight inches of him into her mouth, but could not manage the last couple no matter how hard she pushed and how much she choked on it, so she spent her two minutes working technique until time was called, and he also gave her a hand up and a big hug when she was done.
We all wrote our scores (I had to also give her a nine), and then she wiped her face and turned to us. "All done - shall we tally the scores?"
"Excuse me - we're not done yet" I said.
All heads turned.
"What?"
"We're not done yet. If you have no objection, I'd like to give it a shot."
"But ... "
"But what? You have him a chance, right?" I looked to Guy who looked, who looked as surprised as anyone, but grinned in return. "I haven't done this much, but... why not?" Then I looked right at Yoga Pants and gave her a grin and a wink, and while she seemed surprised she smiled back and gave a small nod.
The second guy just gave a disgustedharrumphat that and stepped out of the line. He thought today was for him to get lucky, but he'd shown his mettle. As I took the towel from the Amazon, he walked to the picnic table and started dressing. I didn't see him leave, but didn't much miss him. (No - he didn't get the job).
I knelt down on the towel in front of Guy who looked, and everyone flinched when they heard my knees crackle, but I got there and gave Monster guy a nod and he held up the watch.
"Time!" he said, and I tried to remember every trick I'd ever used or had used on me. Reminded by the efforts and techniques of Yoga Pants and the Amazon, I did my level best to give him an experience he would not likely forget, and I guess I did, because just as Monster guy yelled "Time!" and I pulled off, Guy who looked started cumming. The first spurt landed on my face and everyone gasped, but I took him back in my mouth and took the next several until he stopped cumming and started softening, and then swallowed his load and wiped my face off, and then held on to him as he almost fell over.
That got a cheer from the crowed and I bowed from my knees, not willing to try to stand up.
Then I moved the towel in front of the third guy and grinned up at him "I wasn't expecting that" I said.
"I think he was looking forward to that more than he was to the girls" he said.
"You cool with this?"
"I got no hangups" he replied, "though I'd really rather go for the big one."
I had to laugh at that. "I don't blame you at all. I'll try to leave you intact and ready."
We gave Monster guy a nod, and he looked at the watch. "Ready, and ...go!"
I did my best to duplicate what I'd done to the first guy, but remembered how much this guy had reacted to being deep-throated, so once I had him fully up and hard I started taking him deeper with every stroke, finally going down until my lips touched his pubes and then swallowed a couple of times to give him the sensation of extra grip on the head of his cock. It was barely possible, but he was just thin enough that I could do it without gagging. I repeated that move a couple of times, in between coming up far enough to lick and swirl around the head before going down again. I did that three times before time was called, and when I stopped, he just looked down and said "Dude..."
Monster dude stepped in front of me while handing the other guy the watch, and I looked him over carefully. I had never seena cock that big in real life, but the second guy I'd been with (the guy who'd taught/inspired me to learn deep-throat) had been nearly as big - nearly ten inches and almost as thick. But this one ... nearly eleven inches and probably six and a half inches in circumference would be a real challenge. I figured my only chance would be because he wasnothard as a rock - there was still some bend and sway to him, even if my first two performances had made him as big as I could remember.
At a nod, the guy with the watch called "Start!" and I began.
The first part was the easiest. My mouth is bigger than most women my size's and the Amazon had a wonderfully sculpted face that gave me enough space to take the head and the first couple of inches without trouble. So I started there and used my tongue a lot and as he got wetter, I went deeper. And I was right - he didn't get rock hard. That gave me just enough flexibility that when I plunged all of the way, he cock went all of the way down and into my throat, and in just a few seconds I had him all the way to the root, lips pressed against his pubes.
I repeated that move four or five times in quick succession and with the first he grunted "Holy shit!" and thrusted a bit deeper, giving me all he had until I thought I had the feel of it enough to go down and stay down and then pull a finesse move I'd once heard about - sticking my tongue out enough to reach his balls while he was deep in my throat.
That pushed me past my limit, though, and I had to pull all of the way free just to catch my breath. I was ready to give it another go when the guy with the watch said "Time!" So I licked him clean, and backed away.
He looked at the other two guys and said "I think we have a winner!" They both nodded, and I creaked back to my feet and staggered to the picnic table, taking a seat next to Yoga Pants. I could smell her scent very clearly, and when I looked at her, her fingers were wet and her face was flushed.
"I don't think I've evr seen anything like that!" she said.
I've never done anything like that" I replied, "but... after a while You have to just say 'why not?' and go for it. I hope it didn't offend."
"Offend? Hell no! Just thought..."
"Thought maybe you could...?"
"Something like that. Still can, if you'd like."
"But I thought you..."
"Nah - I'm trying to be egalitarian is all. May I?" I asked.
"Huh?"
So I slid over a little bit, kissed her firmly on the cheek, and then a bit more firmly on then lips and slid one hand down to cover hers and then to slide down her mound and tease her nether lips open and slide a finger into her as she slipped an arm around my neck and pulled me closer.
After a minute or so, I asked "does that answer your question?"
"I think so, but I want to lean how you did that!"
"Pretty simple, really - just learn what they want, and provide it. I'd already seen what worked for them, so..."
"So how do you learn what works for women?"
"By asking or experimenting, usually. For instance, do you likethis?" I moved my thumb a strategic couple of centimeters.
She squealed, and I grinned and did it again.
"That means you would likely enjoythis, then..." And I kissed her had and then moved my tongue to where my thumb had been. She grabbed my head then and pulled me deeper in and I lost a little bit of time, but when I came up for air the pool player guy was busily banging the Amazon not far away, the Guy who watched was with the second woman, and Monster guy's cock was in the mouth of Yoga Pants, and she seemed to be doing better with it than she had the first time.
She saw me looking, and asked "like this?"
"I need a closer view" I said, and the three of us grabbed a bunch of towels and she got on top of my in a cowboy position and then the two of us alternated sucking his monster cock while fucking until he reared back, pulled out and sprayed the first burst of his orgasm on her face. The other loads we alternatly took in our mouths and then he and I licked his cum off of her face and then I took his cock all the way down to clean it up. That drove her to another orgasm and that set me off, and when we were all done he cleaned me up as I cleaned her up.
By then the other couples had finished what they were doing, and we all flopped around after wards until we'd gained some energy back, and then everyone jumped in the pool to restore ourselves and clean up. After that they all made sure I had their contact information and went home.
I'll let them know who got the job at the end of the week - I have a lot of data to correlate first.
And after that I need to hire an office assistant.