Folks are usually unsurprised when I tell them that my librarian job is shit pay. It's more of a passion project than anything. I consider it a perk that I can browse the Romance section as often as I like, sometimes sneaking a volume into the bathroom to rub one out of my clit during my break. But alas, rent is high in Los Angeles for a recent college grad and so I've taken on a variety of side-hustles- catering, princess-parties (I'm told I resemble Belle from Beauty and the Beast, it's no wonder I'm chained to the library) you name it. But today, I'm doing something I have never, EVER attempted before. Today I have a session arranged to be a nude art model for the prodigy Théo Strömberg, the Scandinavian teen whose murals and sculptures of fantastical utopian landscapes have captivated so many. He had recently moved on to painting backdrops that featured live nude models in front of them, and I remember when I first saw a sample of the series in Arts Daily, I audibly gasped in the library in such a way that I was relieved to know no children had heard me. I've been a fan of Theo's work for the past three years- (god, he would have been 16 then) and was thrilled when he accepted my application to model for him. Our session was booked for 3pm in a shared arts working space Downtown, and I was counting the minutes at the library until I finally clocked out and rushed into my car.
The arts space was one of those older banking buildings which had been converted into a series of studios, and Theo's interim studio was on the fifth floor. I took the elevator up, and navigated a series of walls lined with crumbly new white paint as I searched for his door number, 503. There was 501... 504... where was 503? And then I realized: this open door which I had mistaken for being a stairwell (who just leaves their door open like that?) was actually Theo's door, left open for me. I took a breath, combed my hands through my wavy chocolate brown hair, leaned in the doorway, and knocked.
"Oh..!" His voice was soft, humble. You could hear his accent even through that one exclamation.
"Hi, Theo?" I ducked my head in the door to see a gorgeous blonde young man, lean in stature but still muscular, wearing a loose-knitted white sweater and jeans with a long crystal pendant.
"Yes, Cassandra! Nice to meet you please come in, the door is open!"
I smiled, taking the opportunity to add a little tease to my voice: "Didn't want to just walk in if you were working on something."
"Oh not at all, just reading! Here, please sit down." I entered his studio, which was minimalistic but filled with choice pieces of gold accented artwork. Numerous past works in canvas and sculpture form were arranged throughout neatly. I took a good look around and marveled at his impeccable taste before settling down on the green velvet L-shaped vintage couch where Theo was already seated.
"Your place is absolutely beautiful," I said into his doe-like teal eyes, trying but failing to mask how alluring his beauty was to me.
"Oh, thank you very much!" he exclaimed brightly, scratching the back of his curly head of blonde hair boyishly, "I really appreciate you coming. I am trying to do the... the portrait? But this time, I want to do something new, you see."
"Something new?"
"Yes, my mentor, Mr. Parker, he want me to try painting ON the model instead of just posing the model in front of the canvas."
I couldn't believe my ears. I was about to have THIS Adonis paint ON me?
"Y-yes," I stammered, a little too enthusiastically. "Yes I would absolutely love that!"
"Oh, good!" he said, clearly relieved that his request wasn't too far-fetched. "I think you are beautiful model to try this, I'm very glad you can do this with me today!"
"I'm very glad to be here too Theo, I've been a longtime fan of yours," I said, unwittingly letting more seductive tone slip out of my voice. God, Cass, you need to cool it. This is a professional setting, isn't it?
"Ok, so I will need you to uh," he gestured at his own shirt, pulling it up slightly. From the corner of my eye, I could see a flash of a chiseled torso.
"Disrobe?"
"Yes! Ha, I didn't know what word is popular for you to use."
"Well," I said playfully, putting down my purse and lifting my floral blouse, "You can say it a couple of ways" I pulled my blouse off, and my natural D cup breasts with large puffy nipples softly bounced into place for a warm welcome "you can say... strip" I pulled down my slacks, sliding them past my hips then down my thighs while still seated "or you can just say to take it off" I smirked while slipping my clothes past my ankles, simultaneously flicking off my sandals. I was now buck naked, feeling bolder than I ever had in my life.
Theo's jaw was slightly agape and his eyes couldn't help but stare at my ample breasts. I could see his chest heaving slightly.
"Wow, you have amazing figure" He finally managed to say.
"Why thank you Mr. Artiste! I'm just lucky I get to be painted on today by someone so handsome."
"Oh, ha, me?"
"Unless there's someone else here?"
"No! I mean, yes thank you."
"You know," I said, mind growing more devious by the minute, "maybe you could consider a wardrobe change yourself."
"I'm sorry, a what?"
"Have you ever tried painting while being naked yourself?" At this, Theo's pale face flushed pink.
"Oh, I've never done that, no."
"Would you like to? It might help you get more into a sense of the 'Erotic Utopia', no?
"I do know what you mean, yes. I do think it's an... an interesting idea."
I bit my lip, containing my glee. I have no idea what made me so bad today.
"I think yes, I can try it. It is fair if I'm naked too." He shakily got up, removed his pendant and placed it religiously on the coffee table, then lifted his shirt off to reveal a beautifully toned chest with plum pink nipples.
My. God. I just wanted to lick him then and there. But I contained my excitement.
His innocent eyes looked into mine for approval, and I gave a satisfied nod and a smug smile. He then unbuckled his jeans, undid the button and zipper, and slowly peeled down his clothing, revealing a virtually hairless pecker that looked fairly long even while flaccid. Theo kicked off his pants, and then clapped his hands together.
"Ok! We are trying new things today!"
I beamed. "Oh yes we are."
"You ready to get started, Cassandra?"
"Please- just Cass, and yes, I am definitely ready."
"Good," he said, flicking another long strand of blond curl away from his brow, "so I can have you sit there, on the seat in front of the backdrop?"
I crossed over to the back corner of the room where the walls were painted with lush green tones and resembled an elaborate fantasy nature setting. The mount he wanted me to sit on seemed like a repurposed massage table covered with leather, with the back lifted up so that it reclined. I took my seat and laid back in it, deliberately parting my legs somewhat so that my vaginal lips could be pressed against the leather. If I couldn't have him today, I'll leave a little something for him to remember me by.
Theo retrieved a painter's palette and a can of brushes from the corner of his coffee table, then approached me with a silly grin.
"I've never been this chilly before while painting!" He wheeled over a small desk with all his paints.
I laughed. "Hopefully you'll feel warmer once you do it."
He seemed to be caught off-guard by my statement, and simply breathed in, then gave a shy nod.
I suddenly felt as though I were in a doctor's office, reclined in my seat, waiting to be prepped for some procedure as Theo fussed about his paints, squeezing various colors onto his palette before finally turning towards me with brush and palette in hand. I'm totally hot for doctor right now.
He looked me up and down, this time as his canvas and not just as a woman. I could see the focus forming in the tiny knot between his brows. With a nod, he jumped into action.
The first streak of paint on my collar bone made me ooh from how cold yet playful it felt, and then the rest of the strokes came easier. My neck and chest became a swirled flurry of what seemed like a mixture between the cosmos and a forest, which was a visual staple from his latest series.
Once the painting reached my torso though, accommodations had to be made.
"Cassandra? I mean- Cass?"
"Yeah?"
"Do you mind if I step in closer to you in this way-" here he kneeled one knee on the seat right in between my legs while his other leg anchored on the floor "so I can get the small detail?"
"Yes of course," I said, fairly breathless. I pretended to look elsewhere in the room for a split second, before focusing on watching the long member between his legs bob gently to and fro as he gathered paint and deposited it on my body. God. GOD how did I get so lucky?!
Pretty soon he got back into the "zone" with his painting and leaned in closer to paint my sternum, which made his penis rest lightly on my thigh. I took in a soft inhale.
"Oh sorry!" Theo said, attempting to back away.
"No no no it's fine! Please continue, it's totally fine if you touch me I don't mind."
"It's ok?"
"Yes, it's ok Theo really."
"Ok, good," he burst into a beautiful smile. God, this boy was really something.
He leaned back over me and the tip of his penis dragged casually along my thigh, I watched it trace patterns as he worked, and I felt my pussy get tighter and wetter by the second. He even smells divine, I thought, biting my lip to try to contain my heavy breath. I wish I could give him a good sucking.
Finished with the side he was painting, he took his knee off the seat, taking a look at the progress of his work from further away before closing in again, this time climbing onto the seat with me and kneeling with both knees in between my legs. My legs had to adjust by spreading even wider than they were before, which sent a huge thrill through my body as I secretly yearned for him to just abandon his work and just fuck me. But the young man was focused, and seemed intent on concentrating.
He brought his brush upwards now, to my face, which meant he had to rest one hand by my shoulder to lean in. He was practically squarely on top of me now, and I could hear my heartbeat in my ears as his face drew close to mine and I could smell coffee on his breath. At my crotch I could feel his penis laying gently across my wet vulva, occasionally resting then lifting back off there as he collected and deposited paint. I felt my vagina walls clench, sopping wet, yearning for him to just snap out of his trance and enter me.
Then, suddenly, during one of these maneuvers, his penis thudded onto my clit. I let out a guttural, unbridled moan that shook my entire body and broke him out of his focus. We locked eyes, exchanging breaths. He recoiled somewhat, surprised, and then I felt something move from the bottom of my wet vulva upwards, hardening as it got to the top and flicked my clit once more. I looked down to find that his dick had hardened into eight full inches of thick, veiny erection glossed with the juices from my pussy. The head of his penis was especially wide, and slightly purple in color compared to the rest of his peachy pink.
"Oh. Oh my-" he said, breathless, searching my face with his eyes to wonder if I was still ok.
"Please," I reached out and felt my way around his buttcheek, pulling him back in towards me, "just keep going."
He gulped and then nodded, trying to get his mind back into his artistry but I could tell his attention was already waning. I relished in my victory, even if it came at the cost of distracting him from his work. Theo Strömberg has a boner for ME. Who would have ever thought.
With sex on both our minds now, it was difficult to ignore the palpable desire in the air as he continued to paint me. I could feel his strokes becoming more tender and intentional, as though he wanted me to feel every one of them in a particular way. I let out a soft hum in delight, at which he gave a smile.
He once again aligned his body right on top of mine as he worked a series of repetitive lines along my upper biceps. His erection, now trailing with clear pre-cum at the very tip, poked happily at my abdomen as he shifted back and forth to get the lines. I delighted in the sensation of his pre-cum landing in a cool puddle on my skin, opting not to tell him about it as at this point I didn't quite care about the integrity of his art. Theo must've decided to add the same set of lines to the side of my ribcage, because I soon felt the poking sensation of his throbbing cock move down to the left side of my vulva, SO CLOSE to my vagina, but just tantalizingly sweeping past it. My pussy juices must have been soaking through the entire seat now, as my whole soul yearned to be fucked. Not able to contain it any longer, I spoke up.
"Theo."
"Yes, Cass?"
"Don't you think... it would be easier to reach... if we didn't have this in between?" I used my head to gesture to his cock.
"Oh, sorry do you need me to-"
"I need you to slip your cock inside of me, Theo. That way it won't be poking me anymore."
Theo gulped, and it was as though he had been waiting for me to say those words because his free hand went immediately to his penis and he smeared it around my vaginal opening, sliding it in effortlessly until he hit my cervix.
We both let out hungry moans on impact, and my hands went to grip his ass and pulled him further into me as I clenched my pussy walls around his thick juicy cock. We remained frozen in this position. Theo let out a series of gasps and finally settled into a begging moan, biting his lip as his beautiful teal eyes met mine again.
"Is it... ok if I keep working?" He whispered, breathlessly.
"Yes." I felt triumphant.
Without withdrawing his penis or moving any further, Theo resumed painting, this time with his rock-hard cock fully inside my tight wet pussy. I could feel my puffy nipples prune as they stood erect, and I prayed that their retraction wouldn't ruin this boy's handiwork. But then again, at this moment I hardly cared if I ruined his efforts.
Unable to contain my lust but unwilling to ask more of him lest I distract him further, I brought my hand down to my clit, and started rubbing so I could at least entertain myself while he was busy. My pussy tightened even more around his member, as my fingers swirled around the base of my swollen clit, dialing up my pleasure moment by moment. I felt my hips tilting as I slowly climbed higher and higher towards my climax, careful to not shake my body too much. Theo remained absorbed but seemed to slow down further as my pussy clenched him more and more. I could tell he was fighting against being too distracted but failing. I continued to stroke my clit in fast circles with his juicy cock inside of me, watching him attempt to focus.
In another moment of boldness, as I played with my clit, I brought my voice to a whisper and said in my horniest baby voice: "Theo? Can you fuck me while you're painting?"
His eyes widened and he could barely muster a faint "What?"
I whimpered in my highest cum voice, "I'm too wet right now, I really need to be fucked."
"You need me to fuck you?"
"Yes. Please fuck me. Please fuck me."
Theo let out a groan in desire, his brow lifting and his mouth fixed open.
"Ok," he nodded adorably, "ok I can."
He gripped the sides of the seat as he ever so slowly pulled his cock out of me, both of us audibly grunting at the sensation. He then collected a few breaths before slowly pushing back in. I could tell he was trying to pace himself so he wouldn't cum too quickly. It made me want him even more.
Suddenly, I heard footsteps enter the room- oh shit we never closed his front door- and then a calm and velvety deep voice was heard: "How is it coming along?"
Theo, shocked, looked upwards to find his mentor, Mr. Parker (a late 30's man with a dark beard who resembled an Ivy League instructor) peering down at us neutrally, as though observing an experiment in process. Even in our surprise, we did not stop.
"Mr. Parker! I-"
"Please continue working, Theo."
"Uh yes, yes sir!"
Theo pulled his cock out of me, making a trail of my pussy juice fall on my lower abdomen.
"No," said Mr. Parker, "I want you to continue what you were doing."
"Oh... Got it!" I could tell Theo's mind was trying to process what was happening as I simply relished it. I've had a thing for exhibitionism, and the thought of Theo's ruggedly handsome mentor watching us fuck mid-session just made me even hornier. I felt like I was at some kind of erotic spa and was just being pampered with attention.
Theo grabbed his luscious cock and guided it back into me, letting out an exclamation as he hit my back wall. I let out a horny high pitched squeal and continued rubbing my wet clit.
"I want you to focus on the sensation and bring that into your work, you understand me?" said Mr. Parker, peering over his tortoise-shell glasses at Theo.
"Y-yes sir."
"Now try thrusting faster into her while you shape those leaves."
God bless this teacher right now for granting Theo permission, because after that note Theo nearly dropped his brush and gave such a firm thrust into me that I let out a loud, screaming moan that would definitely be heard in the hallway, especially with the door open. Theo's fat cock pulsed quickly in and out of me, each thrust eliciting more joy and pleasure and I found myself enraptured by the feeling of him fucking me so deeply. I moaned and moaned, exclaiming "Fuck" every other pulse, feeling hornier than I have ever felt in my life. My juice flowed all over his dick and was streaming down my butt, I could feel myself sitting in a pool of my own wetness. My big titties bounced happily with each thrust, moving in circles to the rhythm. All the while, Mr. Parker watched.
"God your cock feels so good," I said, not even caring that someone else was in the room.
"Thank you," replied a pathetically horny Theo, and it endeared him to me even more. "I fuck you like this," He nodded, thrusting wildly, "I fuck your pussy-"
"Yes, yes," I screamed.
"I... fuck... your pussy, oohh" His breath shivered.
"Keep fucking me Theo," I commanded.
"Ahhhhhhh. Oh-"
"Fuck me, Fuuuuck!"
"Ohhhhhh-" We rattled the chair with our thrusting.
"Keep pounding me just like that, just like that-"
"Ohhhh you feel so good-"
"Mmm," I taunted, "You like how tight my pussy is around your cock?"
Theo inhaled and nodded weakly while thrusting.
"You like how wet my pussy is for your thick, juicy cock?"
Again he nodded weakly and let out a desperate moan.
From two feet away, Mr. Parker stood with his hand over his beard, studying us with intensity.
"You can't cum until I cum ok?"
Theo nodded. "O...kay.."
I drew my focus in to my clit, where my fingers had been winding up a storm, and felt the beginnings of a spark that grew and grew until the pleasure deepened and my pussy began to contract.
"Ohhh, I'm gonna cum-"
"Please, please"
"I'm gonna cum, I'm coming, I'M CUMMING OH. OHHHHHHHH OH OHHHHHHHH OH-"
"Yes.."
"-OHHH OH OHHHHHHH, Ohhhhh, ohhhhhh god, ohhh"
I then heard a tiny moan from Theo and I knew it was his turn.
"Where... do you want.."
"You can cum inside me."
"UHHHHHHHHGH... Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhgh." I felt his hot cum explode deep inside of me. "Uhhhhhhhhhgh. Oohh."
He was filling me up with so much cum, that it was already starting to spill out. He continued thrusting though, desperate to get every drop out.
"Put some on me," I begged.
Theo pulled out, holding his throbbing cock in his hand as he moved closer to my chest and tugged at his cock, cum jetting out in liquidy clear streaks and landing cooly on my painted puffy nipples. He moaned as though he were crying.
"I want to taste it."
He groaned loudly and squirted some at my lips, and some of the salty goodness fell on my tongue as I swallowed. "Mmm," I licked my lips.
His eyes rolled back in his head upon seeing me swallow, and a final few large squirts of thick, white cum streamed straight up into the air like long ribbons as he tugged and tugged. I counted them as he spouted- one...two... three... four. Wow. The boy was full of cum.
He gave a loud exhale, still holding his cock but no longer tugging. With eyes closed and shivered breathing, he stayed motionless hovering over me as the tip of his still-erect cock dribbled with a clear, thin trickle of remaining cum. I watched this little cum trickle and it made me want to taste him even more- I eased myself down the seat to squat down on the floor and gently lick the head of his penis.
"OH." He yelped, eyes still closed. I noticed that all the cum that had landed on me and in me was now making it's way- along with the paint from my ruined body art- onto the floor, but I didn't care.
With little fluttery motions, I flicked my tongue around the opening of his cock, around the spongey ridge, and lightly sucked on his giant head.
"Ah." He sighed weakly, as though dreaming.
I sucked his whole member into my mouth, being delicate so as not to overstimulate him, just to feel him. He continued to drip, and I could taste the saltiness of his post-cum as it slid down the back of my throat. I swallowed.
I pulled my mouth off his cock, finally looking up to acknowledge Mr. Parker, and while squatting with Theo's cock in my hand, opened my legs towards him to show off my pretty pussy.
"Well?" I asked, "How did we do?" I gave Theo's cock one more luxurious lick for good measure.
Mr. Parker's eyes studied my pussy as cum proceeded to flow out of my pussy lips, dripping slowly onto the floor.
"Wonderfully. Bravo."