Note from Bookbuddy: The first in this trilogy is Adult World described how through miss fortune this group of swingers after intrigue and police harassment end up on a farm. Read Adult World Pt 01 - 25 to read this.
This second novella, Adult Farm follows the trials and tribulations of a group of like mind people who join forces to create a world where sex and love are separate worlds. A polyamory community focused on bringing all forms of sexual activity to those pursuing it for pleasure without shame or retribution.
New readers, I recommend starting at - Adult World Pt 01 The Meeting - to understand the characters and background and follow through Adult World to Adult Farm.
If you have read that, then start Adult Farm Pt 01 The Water Hole Everyone else, thanks for continuing to support this tale and above all enjoy. Read the stories before this to follow the full story, this is the last in this Novella part three might surprise.
All Characters in this story are over the age of 18 Years old and are consenting adults.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The last seventy-two hours had been unbelievable, Dave was in and out of jail, had a fight with a police officer, sat through what seemed like hours of interrogation, that's apart from having the house burnt down. The locals in Burntwood were amazing, and they donated the farm a couple of caravans providing additional accommodation to the current relocatable rooms they called dongas. Nobody knows the real reason temporary accommodation is called a Donga in Australia, but it does, and all Australians known a lightweight portable home is a donga.
The power company had restored power to the site, so they had power everywhere except for the smoking ruins of the house. The insurance company had agreed in principle to pay the insurance out, but needed to send out an assessor. The police had finished with the site and we're okay to have it cleared as soon as insurance had given the go ahead.
Dave and June had slept in a borrowed caravan they would both take time off work to rebuild the farmhouse. The horror of the events had dissolved into a deep sadness, everybody felt it.
Dave stepped into the shower as June turned up beside him. She picked up the shower gel and cloth, applying the soap to his body, starting on his upper back, slowly working down in gentle, sensuous concentric circles. Dave should have felt, turned on, he always did when she went to work on him, however he just felt odd, disconnected. Was it June's fault or was it his, he didn't know. June performed this ritual many times, it usually ended in some kind of kinky orgy for two. This session appeared more stiff and formal, not normal for June. She turned him around and again started at the top, working at snail's pace down towards his sexual centre. She skirted around his penis and his testicles and moving slowly down each thigh, avoiding his gentiles as a nurse performing a bed bath.
"Don't forget Mr. Floppy." Dave said in as light as a tone as he could.
She didn't answer and continued down the left leg, lifting both feet and cleaning between the toes, before starting and the top of the shoulders and moving down the arms. Dave reached out with his fingers and slipped a digit in her wet, sticky slot. Just as he rubbed up and down, she pushed him away. He felt a wave of humiliation mixed with some anger and confusion at this refusal. In all the time they had been together, she had never, ever pushed him away. His mind went back to Theresa and that awful afternoon when she announced she no longer wanted to be with him and he was to stop shagging her as she was off to her boyfriend's bedroom where she would get a better shag. We she hadn't said it like that, but it felt like she had.
June broke her silence at last. A wispy voice uttered, "Do you eventually want to have children, Dave?"
Stunned, Dave just said the first thing that came into his head. "One day perhaps, babe. Why do you ask now?"
"Oh, just wondering, you know, putting thoughts and plans together in my mind." She had finished her washing of him and stood up, looking at his mouth, not into his eyes. "What would you do if I was pregnant now, then?"
Dave took half a step back, put his fingers under her chin moving her eyes to look at him directly and asked. "Are you, I thought you were on the pill."
Her eyes closed, her long lashes with a touch of moisture. "I am, I mean I was on the pill, I ran out and I thought a day or so won't matter and then just plain forgot."
"God, how fucking stupid is that, you know I would have organised to pick some up for you if you had asked. I'm in and out of the village everyday just about, the doctor probably has them in her bag of goodies, how stupid."
"I know, I know, I was stupid." She was visibly crying now, "But it's just been so busy one day slipped into another."
Dave pushed his hand through his hair. "Fuck, that changes things, we will need to think how we play this. You don't know do you?"
Pushing him out of the show door and backwards on the bed, she continued the conversation with a stern face.. "Yes, I do, Dave,"
Then she smiled, brushing his hair off his forehead as she straddled him. "I'm in the clear I had the Doc check me out and I am not pregnant. It makes you wonder though doesn't it, what do we do with all of this?" Her arms moved around the property view. "My point is we might need to take a new direction with all this."
"Phew, the problem would be who is the biological father?"
"It's obvious you're not taking me serious Dave, I want to spend my life with you, but I am not sure I you to be the last man I ever fuck, that would be weird. What we have here is a good thing, but what happens when members, hookup and want to move on, or have children to people who are already hooked up. It could all be a mess. If we bring children into the world, I don't want you doubting whose the father, that would be wrong. We really do have to look at where we take this place.
Dave pushed his hand through his hair, messing up Junes finger tidying. "Are you proposing marriage? How would that work living here?"
"Ah, now you are beginning to understand, no I am not at that point, but we will need to make a plan."
"My plan right now is for you to help Mr Floppy become Mr Stiffy, and we introduce Mr Stiffy to Juicy J and see what fun they can have."
Dave was greeted with an attack from the pillow that was lying beside Dave's head. She wielded it like a hammer as she pinned him down over his crotch with Juicy J wet and ready.
-----------------------------------------------------------------
The members of the adult farm settled into using the BBQ area as the main kitchen, now the focus for all the farm's business. Felicity and Charles, along with Jarryd, were present this morning with the full team of farm residents, including Emmy, who still hadn't returned home since the rape.
Still air in a deep blue sky provided a backdrop for the sun to rise over dry dusty ridges to the east. A backdrop that could only fill the human spirit with an optimism about its future. The breakfast meeting convened to plan what they would do in the future. With, the building burnt to the ground the earth seemed to have shifted.
Dave started the discussion by simply saying he and June were uncertain that running the club was appropriate any longer and that this might be the time to wind up the activities.
The statement went down like water in hot oil. Everyone spoke at once, nobody agreed. Voices piled on voices as the opinions spattered, getting louder than dying away. Poppy's voice rose above the rest, the timbre in her commanding voice. She always had an opinion, but too timid in her delivery. This was Poppy speaking with authority she rendered the others quiet.
"So, I get the best fucking deal of my life and you bastards are going to fuck it up before I get started. Thanks a lot, guys, nice knowing you."
"What the fuck are you talking about Poppy?" June asked.
Dave interjected, "Poppy, this meeting is to discuss what we do in the future, I just mentioned winding it up as an option."
"What I have to say applies to this, then?" Poppy was clearly frustrated. "You are not the only one who has something important to say." She spat back. "If I was to bend over the table and say fuck me, you would all pay attention, but nobody expects dippy headed Poppy to say anything relevant and important."
The air had turned toxic, the brightness of the morning started to have a gloomy feel to as if giant clouds had rolled in over the sky and blocked the sun.
"Go on Poppy, we're sorry." Dave said.
"My father put a deal to me, I was hoping to discuss properly with you guys, but now you going to pull the plug and fuck it up."
"Interesting go ahead, we are all ears." Dave said.
"Basically, an old lady owns the land and dad runs a trust that the property is in. She moved the property into the trust, telling him to sell, using the money to fund the support of her charities. He is happy once he has gained agreement from us to convert our lease into a loan, so effectively selling us the land."
"What's in it for him?" Jarryd asked.
"Well, he wants twenty-five percent of the purchase of property in my name." Poppy concluded.
"That's generous, why?" Jarryd said.
"He sees it of a way of buying my silence on his fornication issues without spending a penny. Oh, and he sees it as a place he can come and relax with his latest. Wouldn't that really and truly fuck up my style?"
"Clever, you guys need to think about this carefully when deciding your future," Jarryd advised.
"Well, that changes things a little. We need to talk about it and see what we want to do. I can't imagine us not taking this offer. There must be conditions we need to explore." Dave said.
There is a brief break in the conversation as Poppy rose from the table to serve coffee around the rest of the group.
Dave knew Felicity was looking at June and him. They sat side by side, with Dave's hand covering Junes.
"You two look so together and happy, I don't think I've seen you look like that and with all this chaos I wonder why?"
"Are we?" June took a quick glance at her stomach and then looked back at Felicities, eyes turning to Dave. "I don't know why, but right now I'm feeling blessed I ran into this guy in a club all that time ago."
"Me too, I'm glad you ran into me." Dave said, "We've had a hell of a lot of fun so far, and I think it might just become a lot more fun in the future."
"We'll what about Dad's offer then?" Poppy spoke.
"I think we do that but give us some time to talk to Jarryd first we will need to see a proposed contract." June said.
"Great, I am building up lots of credits here." Jarryd looked at June.
"Buddy, we might have to find a different way of recompensing you, you and your wife should join the club, it would feel less weird." June responded.
"You think? My missus is not totally against it I have primed her a little on the concept."
"I've been thinking about having something quite special and out there, for the club, we have our extremely well subscribed retreats on the weekends, what say we run a big tent spectacular with everything that is weird in sex? Just a thought." The group fell into a discussion about future possibilities beyond their current chart as Dave's idea became conversation the rest of the morning.
-------------------------------------------------------
Dave and June had settled back into their temporary borrowed caravan home, after their exhausting morning trying to draw a rough map of the future for the Farm and a future for themselves. They had found the urgent need to satisfy their carnal urges after the long fiercely debated morning, wild sex a stress relief.
June was laying in the post cortices mist, her upper thighs sticky, her pussy dripping cloudy white liquid a mixture of her juice and Daves cum. It made a wet spot on the bottom sheet. Dave lay face up staring at the roof his cock still rigid, glistening, the same juices coated it.
June turned her head sideways and spoke to Dave, "Funny, how we ended up here after both being dumped horribly and running into each other in that awful night club."
Dave continued to stare at the ceiling, his erection still a full mast. "Yeah, I was going to do nasty dirty things to every woman I meet after that bitch dumped me. You threw me off with your off-hand attitude and asking me to take a photo of my dick, so you could judge if I came up to speck for your humble cunt."
"Ha, Ha, You and me both, seeing my boyfriend up the arse of my male flat mate, a flat mate I had illicit sex with the previous night and being told to fuck off, has a negative effect on a girl's self-esteem you know."
Dave laughed. "You seemed to have plenty of confidence when you gave that Cabby a hand job, he had sex with you before I did, a complete fucin" stranger."
"You didn't object, you showed my pussy off to a waiter before you even knew me, I certainly didn't know your name. Anyway, you were as horny as me, you encouraged me and filmed it all you dirty bastard."
Dave grinned, reach down, and stroked his erect cock slowly, as if savouring the memory. "Anyway, I beat your arse when I got back to mine, I enjoyed that so much, I haven't done it to your arse since, how remiss of me, maybe I set that straight now."
"You deliberately humiliated me on the door step, made me strip naked to enter, strangely I found that erotic looking back, and then you slapped my arse until I couldn't sit and fucked me, but not as humiliating as watching your so-called boyfriend going in and out like a piston on your male flat mate, especially when I had done something similar with the flatmate the night before, worse being told to fuck off."
"What happened to the boyfriend? Did you ever hear of him again?"
"No, I heard from friends he had moved to London, last known address in Soho, speaks volumes. What about your old girlfriend.?"
"Not really sure, but she had a kid by the other guy, and he buggered off across the world, leaving her to bring up a child on her own. I think she is still in town, with a kid under four years old."
"Well, did she ever want to come back?"
"I haven't heard from her, never had an interest in it, really."
"I remember so vividly when Denny when he first started spying on us in the flat, dragging him in, pulling his strides down and finding the biggest dick I had ever seen in person. It felt so huge, but he couldn't keep his cum in and then you meeting Maddie, or should I say that trannie Thai person?"
"You mean the lady-boy, he was good he/she had no hangup in sex of any kind. I wish he could be with us here, but Maddie says he puts dick into any hole unprotected without checking the state of the recipient, she reckons he's a candidate for aids, so we are best to stay clear."
"I understand."
"It was perfect before Boswell, we had to leave that flat, then this seemed so perfect until Boswell arrived again."
Dave pushed himself up on his elbow, his erection hadn't waned yet, he scratched his scrotum and stroke his cock a couple of times before replying. "He's locked up now, he can't harm us anymore. We need to focus on getting our group back together and functioning again." Dave rolled over on to June, spreading her legs with his body, and pushing the head of his love pole gently up and down between her pussy lips.
"God! You never stop doing you.? She laughed.
Rolling them both over so he was on the bottom, Dave said, "Hope not, now your turn to fuck me. We will worry about tomorrow, tomorrow who knows what fresh adventures will lay ahead for us."