A few days after that we were on out way back home to Denver from visiting friends. We saw a sign for an Adult Mart a few exits ahead.
I jokingly said we should stop in and see what's in there. It was getting late but she said, "Sure. It's far enough from home. No chance in seeing anyone we know. Let's go."
It would be her first time in an adult toy store. As we pulled into the parking lot I thought she was going to back out. But I don't think I had the truck in park before her door was open.
Once inside she was in awe of all of the different books, videos, toys and paraphernalia. There were two more couples and a couple single guys milling around. We walked around for a few minutes taking it all in. I had to laugh because she was amazed and scared at the size of some of the dildos and vibrators.
I told her that we had come this far and weren't leaving empty handed and she had better make up her mind or I would make the decision for her.
She picked out a small (3") plastic vibrator and said she was ready to go. I said, "Not so fast. I see a couple other things I want to get." I picked out soft flesh colored dildo about twice the size of the one that she picked up. The look on her face was priceless. I then took her over to another section and picked up a set of restraints (tethers of trust) with Velcro wrist and ankle bands. That made her smile. I handed everything to her and told her that I'd meet her in the truck.
She wasn't happy but headed to the counter as I headed for the door. When she got into the truck her face was beet red and she was breathing heavily. She said, "Buying those things was both exhilarating and embarrassing. Just thinking how the guy at the store knew she was going to get tied up and made to cum with the toys."
I asked her if she was pissed off. She said, "Less pissed then excited. He probably thinks that I'm some kind of a slut." I told her that he probably has a hard on envisioning her using the toys. She said "I hope so." I said "I guess you'll find out when you go back in."
She had a questioning look on her face and I told her that she forgot to get batteries. She called me an asshole as she got out of the truck and stomped back into the store.
After a few minutes she came back and got in the truck and tossed a bag at me. She asked, "Are you happy now?" I said yes and we were back on the road.
I could tell that the experience had her excited. of course I couldn't leave well enough alone. I asked her what she was thinking. She said buying those things made her feel like a slut. Especially going back in for batteries.
I asked if that were a bad thing. She said, "Not at all. It has me all tingly. Especially him knowing these things will be in my cunt." I said "CUNT??" She said "Yeah. Cunt. If I'm going to feel like I'm a Slut I might as well talk like one and call it what a slut has." "I love that." I said.
I reached over and rubbed her crotch through her jeans. She let out a soft moan but didn't tell me to stop. That was all the encouragement I needed. I unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans while trying to keep the truck on the road. I slid my hand down into her jeans and panties. She was soaking wet. Her hips involuntarily moved to meet my hand. I couldn't help but taste her. I took my had out and licked her juices from my fingers. She was moaning and her hips were moving like she was fucking the air.
I went for her tits. Kneading her left tit over her shirt before lifting it and her bra and pinching her nipple. She leaned the seat back essentially laying down. I went back into her pants to rub her "cunt". She laid back moaning with her tits out and my hand in her pants.
I had a hard time getting a good position with her pants just open while trying to drive. I told her "Pull them down." I told her that it's dark and the truck sits up high enough no one can see in. So there she was. Laid back in the seat with her pants around her ankles and her shirt and bra pulled up over her tits.
I alternated rubbing her between her tits and cunt. Her eyes were closed tight as I kept her on edge. She was moaning and cussing me for teasing her so much. She was pleading with me to make her cum. I told her that if she wanted to cum she'd have to do it herself but not yet. I want to watch you play with yourself for little while.
I moved my hand from her pussy and her right hand took over rubbing her clit. She laid back in ecstasy slowly rubbing herself while I drove and played with her tits.
The opportunity I had hoped for presented itself and I moved over to the passing lane. She had no clue what I was doing as I slowly began passing a semi. I told her to start fingering herself that it was time for her to cum.
She slammed two fingers deep into her cunt as I got next to the cab, turned on the dome light and told her to open her eyes. She opened her eyes and looked right at the truck driver looking at her. She screamed "Oh fuck! I'm coming!" as she came slammed a third finger into herself and hammered her cunt. I stayed next to the trucker's cab while she continued to cum.
Then turned off the light, pulled ahead and changed lanes again. I asked her if she was pissed. She said, "Not at all. That was so intense. Well, we know at least one guy thinks I'm a slut. Thank you for not warning me. I don't think I would have had the guts to do that knowing what was going to happen." I asked her if she like him seeing her like that. She said she loved being displayed. I said "Good to know. I'll remember that."
She sat like that the rest of the drive home. When we got home she pulled her pants up and her shirt down over her tits. When we got into the house I told her that it was my turn to cum, since I've had a hard on for the last forty five minutes.
Since she came so hard I just wanted a blowjob. She lead me to the couch pulled down my pants and pushed me down.
We talked about what had happened while she sucked my cock. Taking it slow while discussing how turned on she was by it. I was pleasantly surprised at her feelings and knew that it wouldn't be the last time. She slow stroked and sucked me until I came what felt like a quart. she coughed and choked a bit but was able to not miss a drop.
We were both too tired to try our new toys. So, we went to bed and fell asleep in a matter of minutes.
In the morning, fearing that last night was a one time thing, I asked her if she was still okay with what happened. She said, "Hell yeah! Very okay. i loved someone ill never see again seeing me like that." My only reply was "Let the games begin."