A fictional story involving 2 couples with early signs of the 7-year itch. All characters are over 18 of course. Story self-edited and proofed with the help of Grammarly and other programs. If you can't handle possible mistakes, I would move on to another story. I have no literary degree.
Couples, David and Joyce and Chase and Amy were neighbors. They were close enough to get each other's mail when away, sometimes even fed and walked their pets if it was a one-day away thing. As time went by they became closer and eventually became friends. Joyce and David had a pool and Chase and Amy were a little envious. Even though they told them they could use it at any time and gave them a key to the gate they didn't. You don't feel comfortable running over and jumping in the pool when you don't know what the neighbors are doing. Even if you see them leaving, you don't know when they are coming back. On occasion, they would let them know how long they would be gone, they would enjoy at least a day with a pool.
Every July, David, and Joyce would go away for a vacation, often to some tropical Island. They liked to go to resorts that would rent out huts with only the minimum of amenities. It was kind of like camping and usually come with a lot of privacy. What else did you need but food, a wet bar, and a Caribbean lagoon with clear water in the nicest shades of blue?
Even though they were not promoted as being clothing-optional resorts, they typically kept couples with children on separate beaches. This allowed for optional nudity without promoting it, not wanting it to become a swingers vacation destination. This makes it not unusual for a couple to hang around their hut, swim nude, or for the female to lay out topless on the beach. Joyce for one was a pleasure to look dressed, or in her bikini.
She told the neighbors, "I often just stay naked most of the time we are at the hut, at the beach only sometimes. I hate to admit it, but I am more likely to lose my bottoms and go all the way naked at the beach if another couple is there. Maybe I secretly want a swap, or we both do, I can tell he likes to be dick out too. I don't know, but I like to see if I can get the other couple to join us naked. As far as the help when they come to the hut, they don't mind us being aThey fact, they found that some of them would linger when we were naked. I find it kind of thrilling being naked in front of strangers, but so far it has only been on vacation."
What she did not tell the neighbors is that they found out some of the help was available for more than just housekeeping. In fact, at the one resort, their butler would make sure his large package was noticed by Joyce through the thin material of his shorts. Joyce would kid David about hiring that butler and taking his big dick for a romp. Like all young couples, the thought of having another sex partner is always in their heads.
They shared all this vacation info with the neighbors and it made them envious of their vacations. They always wanted to do a resort like that but did not have the money, and Amy wondered if she had the to courage to be naked in front of others. She wanted to try it sometime but never mentioned it to Chase.
Although most men like big breasts, Amy was self-conscious about the size of hers. Her husband Chase loved them, and she liked his oversized cock. Both were subject as far as size goes to the eye of the beholder. Most would share their opinions of each other, another reason a totally nude resort, fearing they both would draw too much attention.
When they were away it gave Chase and Joyce a week to pretend the neighbor's backyard pool and the somewhat secluded area was such a resort. They would pack a picnic basket with food and drinks and spend some long days, and some late nights there. Their favorite time to go was right about sunset on a warm night. It was a romantic time to be in the pool and sometimes once it was fairly dark, they would get a little busy with each other, mostly under the water. Amy would sometimes take her top off unleashing her double D's to tease Chase. This was all good for their sex life, and they would get home later that evening they would sometimes shed their suits on their way in the door and fuck some random place inside their own house.
One warm night with a full moon to make things more romantic, and them finishing a thermos full of Daiquiris, they found themselves extremely horny. Chase who was enjoying the fact that Amy's top was off was playing with her breasts, and she in turn had his trunks pulled down under water and was playing with his cock. It got hard of course and she wanted it then and did not want to wait for it later at home.
A debate ensued about the privacy issue, they wanted to have some kind of sex of course. Points were made, and fears were discussed. The biggest fear was the fact that Chase assumed that there was probably at least one security cam hidden up under the eve of the roof.
He decided to not share that info with Amy. David had told him how he enjoyed having time away from phones and an affordable, or internet connection at these resorts, and that would keep him from checking the house cams. He would give Chase, and his parents a contact number in case anything happened that he would absolutely need to know about. There is normally an emergency phone number at the resorts, the only phones available are satellite-based ones, and come with big surcharges.
Chase managed to convince himself and Amy it was safe to shed her bottoms that night, then, of course, he shed his trunks without her request. They were swimming around nude and having such a good time. They ended up sitting on a lounger beside the pool. It was their first time naked and thinking about having any type of sex there at the pool. They were both frisky, Amy felt safe opening her legs and giving her husband a view of her pussy, she was trying to get him to take her home to fuck her. Chase wanted some extra excitement with his sex, he too was on display. Her showing her pussy did give him an erect, and very large cock. He knew if he was going to get her to do something right then and there he had to start it.
Chase stood up and presented his cock to her, he stood there with it right in front of her face. She was just going to kiss his knob, and try to convince him to leave so they could have sex. She got into it though, and soon just let her towel drop and was sucking his cock, as she used one hand to finger herself. Soon they went from her holding his butt cheeks as she worked his cock to her holding on to the short diving board ladder. She was with it and wanted some excitement too. Her big breasts were hanging down from her chest, as he loosely held them after he had inserted his cock inside her. It might not have been much for some couples, but fucking at the neighbor's pool was very daring to them.
It was the first time they had the courage to even get naked at the pool and already they were fucking there. It is not that they had not fucked outside, even in risky areas, like a hiking path at a park back when they were dating. It was just different being in their neighbor's backyard and they both really got off on it. They stayed naked the rest of that pool visit and just paraded around like they were on their own private Caribbean Beach like their neighbors. Their love life had been pretty dull, and they both considered several possible solutions, some were discussed, but ones like cheating, or suggesting a swap to fuck someone else they felt were better kept to themselves.
They had so much fun swimming nude, it was a topic of discussion with them more than once. So a couple of days before the neighbors were to come back they decided to spend a whole evening there from sunset on. Of course, the plan was to get naked and fuck outside the pool again, this time under the stars. They packed plenty of snacks and extra drinks for their fantasy evening.
Once they got there and had a few drinks, they did not wait, and just plain got naked. Chase watched the sunset with her in his lap, and him holding on to her breasts, his favorite place to hold on to her. That was only the start, they would amuse each other by getting on the diving board, and they would both take their time bouncing up and down getting ready to dive in. In his case, his big cock would be so prevalent as it waved up and down. For Amy of course, who had been on the school swim team, her breasts would really get going.
All this was fun and daring, as on the diving board was the only time they were visible above the privacy fence. They knew that if a neighbor was looking their way, they would get a show and that alone really turned them on. They ended up doing crazy things to each other in several more of the more visible spots in the pool area just for the thrill of being seen. It was a sign of how much they wanted something exciting to fire up their sex lives.
Somehow after the dives, Chase convinced Amy to lay down on the diving board on a mattress from a lounger. It would have had to have been a sight to anyone who saw it. His reasoning was, that it would be like they were having sex on a raft in the Caribbean like the neighbors might be doing. First, he ate her out but ruled out tit fucking her up there, that could end poorly, falling in the water would dampen the mood for sure. He did manage to get her legs back and fuck her there without incident. It was his first cum that night and he covered her with it. In the process of shooting it there, he lost balance, fell off the side, and pulled her in with him. They had a good laugh and felt so good having done something wild to spice up their marriage.
They were not done, just starting in fact. She later after snacks and more drinks, of course, sucked his cock right under a security light they did not know how to turn off. Once Amy had given in, she was really into the sex outside. They found they both liked the feeling of being in the spotlight. Amy's fantasy of fucking somewhere and maybe being watched, so the security light made it seem like a possibility.
They both were turned on, and so much that when they started a fucking session under the light, it lasted well over an hour. No balance problem there, he was even able to tit fuck her, and she was able to get a turn on top, and rode him like a cowgirl, all under the light. She loves being on top but usually rides facing him, so he can help her keep control of her big tits once they get going they kind of become perpetual, like the pendulum and its knob on a grandfather clock.
It was quite a sex-filled night they had, it lasted until after midnight, and they were so fucked up by then, that they gathered what was necessary to take back home that night. That included their suits that Amy stuffed in the beach bag along with everything else. They had enjoyed being naked all evening, and Amy was buzzed enough that she dared Chase to walk back home naked with her.
It did not seem very daring at the time, as it was late and dark. But they forgot their porch light went on with motion. Standing there illuminated by the porch light they realized that their keys were stuffed clear in the bottom of the beach bag. Their naked swim was over but ended up getting their biggest thrill on the porch. The heard a car approaching, and first, he tried to get her to hunch with him, but Amy pulled him up with her and they stood there bold and naked until it passed. They saw the car's brake lights go on a second, so Amy waved, and he or she in the car just gave them a little horn beep to let them know the view was not lost on them. It made Amy who is not usually a giggler, giggle, it also made them want to fuck again as soon as they got in. The fun evening made them decide to save up for a vacation, and maybe a pool of their own someday.
The neighbors came home that Sunday, and things were soon back to normal, they no longer had a pool to pretend was theirs. The neighbors who they felt did not owe them anything for pool and house watching, as it was a blast for them promised to have them over for a nice dinner for watching the house. That gave them a chance to chat and find out more about each other. Before they left, they proposed they come over for sunset drinks about once a week, then take a swim. They really got to know each other better with the help of some drinks, and then a few more drinks of course.
All four of them were very aware right away that their mate was somewhat attracted to the other couple's mate. That was not surprising as they all were what you would have to consider young and hot, in their mid-20s, and 5 or more years into their marriages. The seven-year itch is just an estimate, it probably starts after a couple and grows. It was just that the extra time spent in swim attire, especially the girl's skimpy bikinis that showed them all more of each other than they had ever seen. Amy's tits were a big hit with David, she had got the courage to wear one of her bikinis so brief she would normally only wear it to lay out.
Amy's training on a high school swim team allowed her to do some amazing dives without making a big splash despite the size of her breasts, which is a sign of a good diver. David knew nothing about that fact or would have cared. Seeing her breasts go up and down, and wondering if her top could possibly hold them as she prepared to dive, just plain made his cock hard. She would have to fix her top after some dives, he felt it was only a matter of time before they popped all the way out, and did not want to miss it. Amy knew of the danger and was trying to remember to hold them as she prepared to dive, but she was drinking and showing off. The possibility of that happening in even a more modest suit was not new to her.
David got his wish, but her mishap was not while she was preparing to dive and was steadying them, but after she successfully made a dive and came up from it topless. She did not even know it at first. No one told her right away, they just let her push her wet hair back looking like she was purposely putting them on display as a swimsuit model might. But a model would not be topless, or nearly as big busted as her.
Amy's action looked more like what you would see in an R movie like the famous scene with Phoebe Cates in Ridgemont High. It was quite a sight for all of them, her nipples hard from the water, and her wet bosoms glistening as if there was nothing covering them at all. David was just loving it, Chase could see that both David and Joyce could not help but focus on them. Chase, liked it too, but for a different reason, it was because deep down he found he liked seeing her expose herself in the porch incident. He did not push his luck though, and risk getting in trouble with her. He alerted her as soon as she finished with her hair, "Oh Amy, your hair is OK, but it happened again, don't look down, you're missing your top."
She was somewhat used to it, but unlike most times she did not catch on right away. The rest of them got quite a show before he alerted her. She felt a little excitement being topless and made only a token attempt to cover them, mainly just covering her nipples, hands do not make a good top for breasts that large. The drinking helped keep her from getting too upset as well, she tends to get mellow from wine and was going with the flow. She has always tried not to show it, but her being like a guy with a big cock, her husband, for example, she liked the thought of showing them off. She just did not have the courage or the right circumstances to show them off like this one. She especially enjoyed showing them to a hot guy like David. David was a quiet guy, she liked that, and she carried a secret crush for him, and he was having a hard time keeping his boner from showing.
Amy had taken her contacts out before getting in the pool though. She claimed she was having trouble seeing in the darkness, so she asked for help retrieving it to extend her topless time. She also just let go of her breast, she could not hold them as she swam and looked. No one was in a hurry to find it, especially the guys. David found it but was so nervous as she stood there uncovered waiting for his help, he was hesitant he might make contact, and get in trouble with his wife so he called her over to help. Joyce had it in her hand but liked the way things were going herself, and made a suggestion that surprised them all, one that Chase figured Amy would turn down.
Joyce said, "If it is OK with Amy, and the rest of you guys, she would just join her and take her top off too. She said it would give the guys a view that might end up getting them laid at bedtime. Surprisingly to Chase, Amy was OK with it, he figured it must have been the buzz, and some possible horniness she had going for her. So Joyce removed hers and tossed both her and Amy's out of the pool.
Chase was surprised but pleased as he was getting to see Joyce's not as big of breasts of course. But then C cups, on a body like hers was still pretty awesome, and most of all they were the neighbors and not his own wife's breasts. The not being you on wife's breasts making them better syndrome starts right after you take your marriage vows and would last until you're dead he assumed. Some women feel the same about seeing guys' cocks, but don't get the chances a guy gets to see breasts. It is not the guys' fault, it is not that they would not like to show their hard cocks off too. They just have to wait for invitations that don't often come.
Everybody was happy, they were finding out things about each other they never knew before, booze sure loosens lips. The girls both complemented each other on their breasts, Amy telling them, that having large ones does not come without a downside. As you have seen worrying about losing your top while diving, or on a water slide was one of them. She once had to hold her breasts for what seemed like forever, and in a crowded water park as the attendant took his time retrieving it for her. All while she was the focus of attention of both men and women."
They all got a good laugh about that.
The conversation caused David to make what was the tongue slip of the night, well of the year. He said in a conversation, "Even my mom and my dad are impressed by both of your bodies. My mom usually does not use the word in front of me, but she said she had never seen a cock that large. My dad, well he liked Amy's big tits of course."
He did not even realize what he said, Joyce had to scold him. Chase and Amy were both alarmed, but mostly curious about how they had seen or could obtain this much knowledge of their physiques. Chase thought maybe they had been over that night to check the house and pool, and seen them out a back window, or over the fence gate. The thought of them being seen naked was like the moment on the porch, it turned them on a little.
Joyce knew she would have to explain what he was talking about, he would just screw it up. She could have made something up but felt there was no other choice but, to tell the truth. The truth was almost stranger than fiction. Their parents had never met them or seen them more than in passing while visiting. Joyce did not trust him to have any clue on how to tell them in a way that would upset Amy the least, and maybe even Chase if that was even possible. She was so afraid that whatever she was going to have to say would ruin their blooming friendship.
She did her best, "Well, since we were going to be gone a whole week, my husband, that dufus over there you know as David, gave his dad a login to the pool control system. It was to keep them from having to drive over to check the pool chemicals only. That system includes a couple of cams though, with zoom-in capabilities, so the pool can be checked visually when away from the house. He was given instructions that he did not have to go or check the cams that week because you were using the pool. We knew you would be using it, and both did not want to invade your privacy, and that you would know if something that should not be in the pool, was. Living next door would know if there was a storm to check and see if anything blew in there from the wind. His dad's responsibility was only to check to make sure the filter and other equipment were working correctly. It is quite a sophisticated system set up to test the PH balance etc and would give him instructions about how much and what chemicals to add remotely. Or if readings were critical, the read-out would tell the user to call his pool guy."
"His mom, well she let it slip, or maybe just told us on purpose, she had a habit of telling me everything. She told us what they saw, and we chewed them out. I pressured her to tell us what she was talking about. She seemed to love telling me and spilled the beans.
"He had checked the cams at least one time when you guys were swimming nude, and well, he also caught you guys getting a little busy. We assume he zoomed in on you two, to see your breasts and Chase's package. That was just a brief event as he claims he stopped that viewing that time when you guys looked to be getting busy. When he told David's mom about it she made him give her the password, she has her nibby ways. She then would log in often, and eventually just left it on her pad when she was home, so she could check it, she just had to see you two. Well, I think all of us women are anxious to see a strange cock, especially if someone tells you the guy is hung. So she saw that the two of you were there one evening and started watching."
"I guess you can say as far as they were concerned they hit the jackpot, and planned to only watch a little while so she could check Chase out. I think you know the night I am about to tell you about, not sure if there was more than one, but this was a long busy night. They saw you, well, not just naked, I am just going to say you were doing what most couples our age would do naked in a private pool when they thought they were alone. She summoned dad to mirror her pad screen to the big TV.
They were so bad, they were like kids at Christmas, and you could not have given them a better gift. They were controlling the zoom feature from the pad. We know she figured that out because when we found the section of video saved to the cloud, it records it just like it is being watched. So what I am saying is they watched you two fuck, and they managed to make a hot video in the process. Then we could not resist reviewing it as well later by ourselves. I will just say that your cock, and Amy's breasts filled the screen in their close-ups. They both watched it pretty much from when you came, and then until you left naked to go home. (Quite daring I have to say.) I wish they hadn't, or at least she had not admitted it to me. I am not sure if they even knew what they watched was being recorded, and that way."
"I guess she and I are pretty close for in-laws. She can't keep a secret and often tells me way too much about their own sex life. I guess it should not gross me out they are in-laws and not my parents. I have to admit, they seem to be pretty fit, and apparently sexually active from what she tells me, and told me way too much about that night. She said dad got all worked up, and they both ended up as naked as you guys were not to gross you out picturing it. She said, she was sucking dads cock, that by the way, she added still gets really hard. It did that night, and as they watched you guys copulating she said. They got so worked up, and she wanted to be fucked as they watched, So part of the time they spoon fucked, so they could both see the screen and watch you fuck as they did."
"We were disgusted with the fact that he, well they, did not turn it off but watched all the sex part, and we really felt bad about it. I just want you to know we had nothing to do with it. For what it is worth, she claims you gave their sex life a boost. Told me they were having the best sex they had in years, and that she has been getting laid like she did when they were first married. They even learned some things she said, I stopped her from describing them, you know what all you did under the security light."
"Before you get too embarrassed or worried we could possibly be upset with you for fucking in and around the pool, what you did was fine with us, not what they did. We should also not have looked for that part of the security footage, but we did. We can't judge you, because we swim naked out here often, especially at night, it is just so freeing and often ends up with us fucking there too. To tell you the truth, I guess I am a bit of an exhibitionist and have imagined that you guys being neighbors could see us from an upstairs window."
"As far as the future, David has already taken their cam privileges away and put them on a separate passcode, we don't want them watching us fuck either of course. We have just been trying to decide if we should tell you, once we decided we should, how to tell you. I decided when David let it slip that honesty was probably the best policy and this was as good of chance as we were going to get to fess up."
"We can tell you we have fucked just about everywhere you did. That is the second part of our confession. David and I set out to find and delete it, as the cloud does not delete a day until a month passes. When we did find it, we too got hooked, and could not help but watch it, and yes a lot of it. Watching it is what we really have to apologize for because we could not stop watching it either. But you two making love inspired us to fuck out there as well. We could not believe that you thought to fuck on the diving board on a pad, you must have great balance."
"We not only fucked at the pool the night we saw it, but had to try the diving board thing as well, and with less success, we fell off during the attempt. We made a copy of your night, and also made a video off of the cam footage of our night. We don't want to lose you two as friends. We will give you your file, I am betting you will enjoy it sometime down the line. We will give you ours too, to try to make up for evading your privacy. We liked both ours and yours and wanted to see first if you wanted just it, or both of them. It might make us more even as far as you getting to see us fuck too. I have no excuse for what we did, other than just telling you that after hearing about it from his mom, it sounded just too fucking hot not to at least take a peek."
"That said, if you are OK with it, we are the ones guilty of voyeurism with you, the two of us will strip down to nude if you want us to. I hope that you don't think of it as exhibitionism, but as nothing more than us wanting to show you we are sincere in our apology and want things to be OK with you. You are welcome to stay the way you are if you want. Then maybe instead of you just topless, sometimes we can take a total skinny-dip with you if you would like."
So Chase looked at Amy to get her response, neither knowing how to react yet. Amy's response was to pull the strings on her bottoms, and Chase dropped his trunks too. David and Joyce followed. It was not like the bottoms of Amy's bikini covered much of her sex anyway. That and the fact that they had already been seen that way by them, not just naked, but fucking on video.
What had happened with David's parents did not bother Chase much at all, but it did Amy at first, having a neighbor and parents watching them was a lot to digest. Once she thought about it while under the influence of all the drinks, she started to change her thoughts about it too. She could not help but think it was kind of hot to have been watched fucking, much hotter than being seen naked on their own porch. She is not sure if she ever wants to meet David's parents though. The other fact that convinced them to stay and join them was that they both knew they likely would have watched them in the same situation.
They all tried to act normal, but could not help to look each other over, they were out of the pool sitting on loungers and talking and drinking. Joyce was first to display what she had down below, she was trying to not be obvious but clearly wanted it to be seen. She had a knee up and legs spread just enough to show her pussy to anyone that wanted to see it. It was bald of course and seemed to have a piercing in her clit hood. Chase was the biggest fan of her little show, and it was intended mostly for him. So she opened up wider when she saw him practically drooling while checking out her pussy. Just as he liked her breasts, her bald pussy was not his wife's either, so he loved now having seen all of her.
Like the night that they fucked on cam unknowingly, this was turning out to be quite a night as well. Amy came to terms with things and did not try to hide her breasts or her pussy either. In fact, she and Joyce were in a kind of unspoken contest to give the best view of their bald pussies.
Both couples were not afraid to show some deep affection for their own spouse in front of the other couple. As far as their conversation, they were not afraid to talk about sex or critique each other's good features that were now exposed. Amy was probably the loosest that night from drinking, which was unusual for her with another couple. She was sitting on her husband's groin above his penis and letting her big breasts dangle down as Chase played with, and nibbled on them in front of the neighbors. She figured since they saw her with his dick in her already, this play between them was nothing. Just another angle of her big tits and butt, and his cock. But it was still hot knowing what they were doing was in front of, and for them.
The result of this play between them was an erection of Chase's oversize penis. It had both Joyce and David's attention it was standing so tall. In fact, it was the normally shy David that chose to say something and maybe even lighten the mood some more. "My God Chase, is the barrel on that weapon of yours even legal in this state? I see how you got such a beautiful wife, with such world-class breasts, if I had that cock I would, well forget that part, I just hope it is OK that I mentioned it and Amy's breasts."
Amy chose to be the one to reply, "I love compliments I am a woman after all, but let me just say that like my breasts are a burden sometimes, trying to suck a cock that big can be a chore too. I have felt like I was getting locked jaw trying to get him off before. I hope he does not want me to blow him in front of you. Not because I don't want you to see me with a cock in my mouth, you have seen that on video. What I am not sure of is if I can handle it tonight. I know that I am going to want to get fucked later when we go home, but that too takes longer than with an average size cock. I might want it right then, but you can't just shove a dick like that in and start fucking. I can be horny as hell, but we have to start slow to let me adjust before I can let him speed up and get a decent fucking. I have to say that all this talk is making me horny as hell."
"David said, "I guess we are being pretty damn open with each other after all that info, so can I ask Chase how it is to titty fuck those babes with that big cock of his?"
Joyce jumped him, "You asshole, they don't want to hear stuff like that, it's over the line."
Amy said, "It is OK, I like my titties fucked, it is a less tiring way to get him off than a blow job. I get to watch that big thing sliding between them while he does all the work. I want you to know, that there is nothing wrong with what you guys have, you are a really hot couple. I confess to and have been enjoying looking at David's cock. I have not had a normal one I can handle easily since college. But it is not just that, don't you guys get tired of the same old parts of each other? I have been thinking lately that it would be nice to suck, or even get fucked by a different cock."
"That is a loaded question," David said. "I can't answer that and chance getting in deep trouble with Joyce, let her take it."
Joyce said, "Well I will, I would love to have a new cock in my mouth. l would not mind fucking a different guy, especially one with a big cock. I have to admit that seeing David trying to fuck your titties with his dick would be hot as well, it might get lost in there though."
There were some laughs along the way, that was one of them. There were also all kinds of ideas floating through their heads, pretty much the same ones. Even with all that happened, talked about, and was seen, a partner swap was too scary to propose, but what about a partial?
Joyce said, "Well, I will go out on a limb here, it is the millennial, blowjobs have hardly even been considered actual sex since the late 80s. Just saying, and if no one feels the same about what I am getting at, we can just drop it right here, no one is hurt."
Knowing that anything that happened was going to have to be started by one of the wives, Amy got up and walked over to Joyce and David, but looked at his cock as she said, "I for one am in, how could a blowjob hurt a friendship that has already been tested by the videos. I figure if it bothers someone, they know it can be a one-time thing, right?"
The girls stood up and almost simultaneously walked over to the other's husband.
It was on, Amy showed the most nerve and without hesitation just started sucking David's cock, she did not even look back. But she did not have to, Joyce was then on Chase's big cock.
It was on, Joyce soon had a mouthful, and Amy was sucking on both David's dick and his smooth balls. When she lets loose, she gets into it. She had him rock hard, he was hard just looking at her breasts, that would be his prize to fuck. She worked his cock pretty well, she was trying to predict when he might be ready and decided to tell him. "When you are close you can finish by fucking my breasts, I like the feel of cum shooting between them."
David sure loved hearing that, he wanted to fuck her breasts so bad.
Joyce, well she had already explored most of Chase's big cock with her tongue. She was considering trying to see how much she could take in her mouth and throat. She figured she needed to try it in case this was a one-time thing, she would be disappointed with herself if she didn't. Joyce managed to get most of it but having a guy's knob that far down her throat was just too much. She was finding out he had quite a tolerance for tongue work on his knob. Amy was not kidding, nor was she specific with why it took so long to get him off by blowing him.
Amy was already being tit fucked and waiting as well, she knew that she had some control of how long it would take by how hard she held her Double Ds together for him. She was the first to get cum, and loved that warm feeling of his seed as she watched it shoot out of his pee hole. It had some volume, and velocity, some made it all the way through the tunnel his cock had made, and to her upper chest.
Joyce was both working Chase's balls, and shaft and mouthing his knob, and it was a few minutes before she scored her shot. A shot it was, something she wondered about turned out to be true, well, at least that night. The bigger cock spewed a bigger load, and her tits where she had him aim, were covered, and his cum was running down to her belly button.
Things were not as awkward as anyone thought they might be, this was a first for all of them. It was just a matter of cleaning up with a towel after they were done, and they had plenty there. Chase cleaned his spunk off of Joyce, as David cleaned his off of Amy. So they all wondered if that meant the swap was still on?
It was just not enough for any of them, they were really comfortable with each other's spouse in their arms, and even the girls sitting on their lap. They all wanted more but again who was going to make the first move? After fresh drinks, Joyce was the first to show her interest and finally admit it. She had been on Chase's lap, with her arm around his neck. She changed her position, and reached down and grabbed, and was playing with his cock again, and he was happy she did, he wanted to fuck someone new.
Joyce still not sure of how far things might go said, "I am sorry guys if this is too much to admit, but someday I would love to have this big thing inside me."
Chase loved hearing it, and David was getting hard just from the thought of maybe seeing her get fucked, and by such a big cock. So he made the next move and he put his arms around Amy and chanced to propose a fuck. "Go ahead, I think Amy and I would like to get more acquainted with each other too, but you guys can go first while we watch and I let her decide if she wants me."
Amy was fine with it, Chase was on it, Joyce was laying back ready for his big cock she thought. It was a hot scene, not all women look good laying back legs open. Joyce was one of them that did, Amy the only other female was envious. David had to know it was special, but maybe he did not have an active premarital life. Amy being a female was the only one that knew the names of parts of Joyce's pussy that were perfectly shaped, and that made it a special one. It was the way her vulva, and labia minora stood out that is its best feature. It was perfectly shaped and when she spread her legs wide, it really did look like an opening flower with her vaginal opening in the center. Chase was amazed, he had thought she was hot, but this view made his cock swell.
The closer he got to it as he moved in on her on the lounger, the better it looked. It was already wet, so there was no need for oral, but he decided to go in anyway. He lifted her legs and spread them as far as needed to get his head in between her thighs. He just could not resist, licking her from right below her opening up to her clit, and clitoral hood. As he stroked her with his tongue he looked up at her breasts noticing they really were perfect in shape and size. The look on her face when she looked back at him melted him, he had seen that look before, but it was back when he and Amy were new. There just is that special feeling when you know you found someone that you think you could never get tired of making love to. He felt that same feeling with Amy when they first became intimate, this scared him a little. He continued eating her pussy, switching between fucking her hole and stroking her clit with his tongue.
Amy could tell by how hard he was, how turned on he was. With Amy and him, it had gotten to a point where he needed physical stimulation to get totally hard. If she had not been enjoying David's attention as he kissed her neck, wrapped his hands around her, and held her breasts. Chase and her did not make out like this anymore, and she missed it. She hoped that this event would make them reevaluate their relationship, and try to capture some of what they both seemed to be feeling during this swap. The other possible result, she did not want to think about.
Joyce could not help but climax from Chase's work, and you could see her vagina react and get even wetter yet as she recovered. He was ready, she was ready, and he moved in and lifted her legs up higher and wider. This gave their spouses a perfect view of his cock as he pushed it up against her hole preparing to enter her. He reached down with his hand and worked the tip of it back and forth to tease it. It was scaring David a little, wondering if she would be happy with his cock afterward.
Once Chase thought she was ready he pushed it against her opening as he looked deep into her eyes and kissed her. David had stopped doing that during intercourse, and it gave her a chill. Chase continued with his entry, and was pushing his cock in, and was trying to be gentle, but she grimaced a little as he pushed his knob in. Once he got that far, she was so lubed that he felt safe shoving about half of his shaft in to get started. It was his first new pussy since he was married, and he forgot the reaction he used to get. "Oh my Fucking God Chase, that's a big cock to be fucked with, is it all the way in?
"No, are you ready for more or do you want me to just half stroke a while?"
"Please do, better to take it slow, but it does feel wonderful inside me."
David did not know what to think and in a whisper to Amy who was on his lap said. "I am a little worried if she will be able to feel mine after this."
"Don't worry we are young, and our elasticity is still good. You will see when you fuck me, his regular partner. I can tell by how my toys feel, I think I am still as tight as I always was. I think you'll find it cozy and warm, you will like it. I also have developed a little pelvic muscle control you might find enjoyable. Let's just say I am going to rock your world neighbor let's fuck soon, I can't wait, and I am not sure I can watch any more of this, Chase had not fucked me like that in a long time."
To make it worse, their conversation was followed by Joyce's praise, "Oh Yeah, Fuck Yeah, that's it, fuck this pussy of mine, I'm ready for more of that big dick of yours give it all to me now. Work that big knob inside me, the feel of it is just special."
She was into it from a visual standpoint too, She had a strong grip on both Chase's back and her legs wrapped around his muscular ass. It was just a beautiful thing to watch, it was better than the best love scene, or porn they have seen.
David did not know what to think, and Amy could see that "You know David, my man is good for about an hour of fucking after a blowjob with cumshot. We have seen what they look like together and fucking, we might as well get started ourselves. I have been playing with my pussy and getting it ready for you as we watched them.
I sucked your dick, and I have just seen my husband give the best oral ever, so I would sure like to have some good oral too. We really need to do our own thing. I suggest you start by licking my pussy, then maybe fuck my tits again before you shove it inside me. I will tell you right now when we do get to the pussy fucking part, you are more than welcome to cum inside me. I know and like you enough that I want us both to have the full experience of being locked together when you spill your seed."
Amy was feeling some competitiveness from what they have been watching, both of them were. Other than her jealousy from watching Chase fuck, she was surprised that first, it is happening, and second that it was so fun opening up like this and talking dirty to a first-time fuck. It made her feel young again.
David was happy she took charge he was still nervous about the whole thing, not just what his wife was getting, but still worried that he was not going to please Amy. He did not feel upstaged by Chase though, he was confident in his love-making skills orally, he was just intimidated by their difference in cock size.
David turned to look at Amy already leaning back on the lounger, her legs spread, her pussy just looking so good and tasty. To him, it was new, and she really wanted him. She was spreading her labia and opening her hole for him. If he was having any erection problems this view would have cured them. It was a much different view than he was going to be getting once he started munching, he would be looking up at those two mountains on her chest that were going to be next on his list of stops. He moved in and since her hole was open for business, he started by just tongue fucking her.
Now it was his wife Joyce's turn to see him eating out, and then fucking someone new, and watching as she was at the same time riding the biggest dick she ever hosted. She was on top and proud of herself for being able to take all of his cock. She found herself making noises that were new to even her. They needed this, and both couples knew it, but it is hard to get something like this started. It takes an incident like David's parents being peeps to trigger this series of events.
David made quick work of his oral duties. Amy found that he was a much better pussy licker than Chase. She remembered Chase being better when they were first married, she thought maybe he had become a slacker in that area because his big cock would make up for it. David got her off, and it must have been a pretty big orgasm, as she was clamping down on his head with her knees, and he realized he could move on.
He then was just playing with her boobs as he straddled her. Then like landing a plane, he lowered his groin down to her belly, his shaft was the plane, his balls like its wheels setting down first. Then as it landed it moved up in between her breasts like they were the hanger.
Amy loved the feeling of his balls as they rubbed against her lower chest and belly, and knew what she needed to do in order to not miss out on a good long pussy fuck from him later. She was careful with how much she pushed her breasts against his cock. Too much pressure and he would go off leaving her with a pussy aching for a hard cock.
Joyce was finishing her turn on top and was hoping Chase had an idea for how to fuck next. His length made positions that require some length available. He put her on her stomach and went in from behind, it made the fit even tighter and more pleasurable for both of them. She was happy with that, it was not a regular position with David as he just barely reached and it would pop out if he got going too fast. She found his knob was hitting just the right part of her vagina that often got passed up.
Joyce had seen her husband, and when she was riding Chase, she got to see him eating out Amy, now she could turn her head and look over to see him in his glory tit fucking her.
David still found it hard to believe he was going to get to enter and fuck Amy, the hot neighbor with big breasts. He wanted to please her, give her a special fuck, and do it in front of their spouses who were still going at it. He had some advantages, he was a little fitter than Chase, he had some wicked abs that even Joyce still raved about, and he also has fucked Joyce in many places around the pool. He tried to think of the best one, but instead, he came up with a new one that would be right in front of them.
He pulled Amy up from the lounger and put the mattress down on the edge of the pool right in front of them. He picked up Amy in his arms and carried her into the pool, it was the shallow end. There is one step at that end in the corner so you can get in, but the edge is just the right height he thought to put on a good show. He carried her over to the mattress and put her down, her legs hanging over the side of the pool, but that was before he lifted them up. Once he had them up, spread, and back it was the perfect stage. It was almost a full moon and the pool lighting highlighted the two of them as well.
He was hard and ready just from thinking about how hot it was going to look. Her pussy was at the perfect height. He was ready and he pushed his cock inside Amy, not waiting, not having to take it overly slow. His abs were then in the light, and so was his dick going in and out of her pussy. Joyce was back to riding Chase, probably so she could watch her husband. She was able to look right down at them fucking. It got her attention, and she slowed down, almost stopped. Soon Chase had his head up looking as well. David was very aware of their attention, and he was putting on a show and pounding her. She was almost screaming, "Fuck Me, David, Fuck Me. I love it hard, your balls feel so good hitting me."
This was the only position they fucked in at that spot, but then again he had eaten her out and fucked her titties beforehand. It was hard to say what visual was the hottest, I guess it depended on the viewer. There were his abs and biceps, and his dick was inside her to focus on, so that was not an issue. On Amy, it was her tits, as they jiggled like big bowls of jello. I guess since his fuck was the only one that made the other couple stop to watch, it was the best.
Amy was more than just happy with the way David approached this first sexual encounter with her, it was thrilling for both of them to have this swap. His cock felt good to her, and he was doing a good job. It was about then that she used her pelvis muscles to contract her vagina around his cock. He almost went off inside her it felt so awesome. The ending to the fuck was so special too, he was pulling out as, Amy yelled, My Mouth David, I want to taste you this time."
To do this she had to slide down practically in the pool to get her mouth on his cocks level. After taking a couple of ropes on her face, before taking the rest in and around her mouth.
She finished with this statement, "Oh David, your cock is just perfect, it is plenty big, and you know how to use it. I loved looking up at your fit body as you came in my mouth, I don't always do that, but with you, I just had to. I also loved looking at your balls shrinking up, as your cum made its exit from your penis."
She said it loud enough for everyone to hear, she could not help it, she had really felt loved during their sex.
She was sincere, he had a hold of her and they hugged in the pool some more. As far as Amy felt right then, they were in their own world. He gave her a long deep kiss not worrying about tasting his own cum. They both felt like the new lovers they were.
They were not even aware if and how their spouses ended their romp. It ended not long into their own fuck as they watched, not much to say about it, Joyce continued her ride on Chase's jumbo cock, and he came inside her as she did. Neither bothered to look at the pie, they simply huddle together on the lounger and watched the awesome fuck of their spouses.
They all ended up in the pool after they were done, letting the pool filter and chemicals take care of the fluids that were on, or draining from them. There was no play, no discussions, and very little swimming. Swimming that was done was Chase and Joyce they were enjoying each other's company. So were David and Amy, but they were in a dark area making out like teenagers. They were so consumed with each other that they did not care what their spouse thought. David's cock was soon hard again, and between her legs against her pussy. He could not remember the last time he wanted Joyce that bad and did not want to let go of her,
Chase and Joyce left the pool, dried off, and were back on a lounger. Joyce was in Chase's arms but there was not much going on with them. They were having a hard time processing how one-sided this swap had become as far as romantic feelings being shown by their spouses. Because to them, it was just sex and an animalistic type at that.
David and Amy just could not stop, and just wanted to be connected at their sex. David had Amy lifted up in the water holding her by her butt, her big breasts pressing against his chest as they were kissing again. If their spouses could not see the movement in their pelvises, they would not have known that David's cock was inside her, and he was fucking her yet again. He did not want to stop or let go of her, and she felt the same way. The sensation of fucking under the water was new to both of them. He came inside her, and what came out floated around them in the water.
Out of the pool, for Joyce the novelty of Chase's big cock had run its course already, they did not have the same chemistry going, it was just a fuck like it was intended to be.
David and Amy were out of the pool and were drying each other off, but stopping to kiss, not just on the lips but other parts of their bodies. They were back with the others, but it was like they were still in their own world. Amy could not help lingering at his cock as she dried and kissed it, she could have gone some more if he could have.
Things might have been awkward because of their strange behavior, and rightly so, but Joyce helped it not be as bad. She said, "Well, who here thought that they were going to get a good fuck from somebody new tonight?"
In some ways, it did go well, and she tried to put a good spin on it, "To have a swap and have it go so well has been amazing, I sure would not have predicted it. I was more afraid it was going to be an early night when I was forced to confess to David's parents and us having made a secret porno of our guest. That is not something I would want to have to go through again."
Things did not really go well when you consider that because of it, both marriages might be in jeopardy. It did not come to light right away, but for sure it did not put a spark in their sex lives, maybe the opposite, and they did not get closer as two couples. David did not mention it to even Joyce, downloaded, it, and then isolated the sex between himself and Amy. Instead of fucking his wife, he masturbated watching it while thinking about making love to Amy again.
Things were in a bad place, as Amy was not happy. She was even thinking of trying to connect with David again without the others' knowledge. Nothing happened for a while between them until Chase had to go away on business for a couple of days. He mentioned to David that he had told Amy to call him if she needed anything. Not sure if any of them wondered if it was just a coincidence that Joyce was going to visit her mom during part of that same time period.
Amy did call David shortly after Joyce left. She needed something, and he was over there in a jiffy. It was a big project and he did not leave until the next morning. Yes, it was an overnight stay, and they fucked like lovers who had been away from each other for an extended period of time. The next morning it was difficult for them to go their separate ways. She found out that a dick that gets hard when the guy attached to it even thinks about her beauty, is a much better dick than a larger one.
What the future would bring the two couples was yet to be determined.