Introduction:
Thank you for reading my story.
It is a work of fiction and any resemblance to actual people or events is purely coincidental.
All characters are age 18 or older.
And a special thank you to Continental PsyOp, who encouraged me to post this story.
Enjoy!
Trinity:
Nancy and Paul attended Services on Trinity Sunday as they do every Sunday, and on this refreshing New England morning the bright sunshine offered the promise of a warm afternoon. Having arrived a few minutes early, they sat in quiet reflection with their fingers intertwined and resting on Paul's thigh.
Sitting nearby was a trio of women who Paul did not recognize. The three were clearly related, likely a mother, daughter, and granddaughter, perhaps 75, 50, and 25 years old by Paul's guess. Paul, always suffering under the yoke of his compulsive sexual thoughts, deviated from his spiritual reflection and began fantasizing about each of the woman individually, and then as a group. They looked so much like each other, but they were each quite different than the other: Oh, the possibilities! He was becoming aroused and adjusted himself while seated.
Nancy felt him shift in his seat and followed his gaze. She knew him well and was immediately attuned to his intrusive thoughts of lust. Communicating simply by eye contact, she looked in his eyes, then at his bulging lap, then at the three women, and again at his lap. She squeezed his hand, then let it go, allowing her palm to settle on his inner thigh. Her fingertips began to stroke that tender flesh through his trousers, making his throbbing worse. She gave him a sideways glance and smirked, followed by a soft chuckle.
The organ swelled as the Service began and the congregation stood to welcome the Pastor in song. Paul now had an embarrassing task at hand: to conceal his erection. Fortunately, he had brought a light jacket which he folded over his arm, letting it hang in front of him. He slipped his other hand into his pocket to untangle himself from his briefs and allow his stiffness to fully expand.
Although Paul tried to enjoy the choir and learn from the sermon, his predominant thought was how much he was aroused by these three women who looked like each other across generations, and how much fun they would have naked in bed and together in the shower!
Walking out of Church, with Paul's jacket still draped across his arm to cover his arousal, Nancy commented, "Glad you brought the jacket! Let's go to brunch. Maybe food will get your mind off sex!" She then added, "And I will guess that you didn't listen to anything the Pastor said about The Trinity?" She paused. "At least, not the HOLY Trinity!" And they shared a laugh while walking to their car.
They drove to a popular cafe downtown and sat at an outdoor table. After placing their order and dispatching with the usual domestic conversations about family, friends and work, Paul brought up the obvious: Sunday is the day for their scheduled sex night and he was clearly in need of reassurance that they would keep their date. Nancy held his hands, saying, "Yes. Your need is obvious! I am looking forward to our date tonight as much as you are!"
Those words had barely left her lips when Paul noticed that the three women from church were seated at the same outdoor cafe! Unfortunately, Nancy could not see them, but she realized that Paul was terribly distracted by their presence. He was having trouble continuing his conversation with Nancy and he was constantly looking at them rather than at her.
Nancy grasped Paul by his chin and turned his face toward her.
She spoke directly: "You are clearly captivated by these three lovely women. Indeed, you are so captivated by them, that I am going to use them as foreplay for us tonight!"
With that, Nancy slipped off her shoe and eased her foot up between Paul's thighs. Her bare foot pressed against his thickness. Their table did not have a tablecloth, so her indecently positioned foot was now apparent to anyone who happened to look their way.
"It is clear that you are terribly aroused and need relief."
Paul was flushed and sweating as her sole applied steady pressure.
He nodded his speechless agreement.
"I have a choice." She stated plainly. "Shall I simply edge you all day, keeping you at that razor thin line until we get in bed tonight?"
Paul's eyes saddened at that thought and a painful grimace crossed his face.
Nancy continued, "Perhaps, since we are in a public place, my foot can torture you into a ruined orgasm?" Her big toe now stroking the zipper of his pants, the fabric brushing the crown of his cock as it bobbed in anticipation.
"No" she said, "that won't be good for either of us. It might ruin your momentum for tonight, when I need you for MY orgasm!"
Paul took a deep breath and held it, then let it slowly release.
His forehead was dripping and his thighs were shaking.
"Please." He whispered. "Nancy."
His eyes averted down to the table, unable to look directly into her eyes, yet as though he could see through the wood as her skillful foot controlled his libido.
Nancy tightened her grip on his jaw, again forcing his eyes back to hers.
"Or,"
Nancy's foot began to rhythmically pump and caress Paul's cock,
"I can make you cum."
Nancy's heel pushing painfully into his balls,
"Right here. Right now."
Her entire foot now rubbing and pressing and tapping and ....
"In public. At this table."
Nancy's eyes narrowed.
Her voice more taut.
"As my foot fucks your dick and my heel crushes your balls and my hand restrains your head so you look at ME when you cum and not at those three women who have made your precum drool for the past two hours!"
A breath.
"Cum!"
"Now!"
And Nancy forced her foot hard into Paul!
Paul's climax exploded from his cock and consumed him in orgasmic waves!
His heart stopped!
His breathing stopped!
He let out a low-pitched groan and his face flushed.
He broke out in a profuse sweat.
His eyes rolled back in his head and he looked like he would pass out!
Oh, what a sight he was, crumpling in his climax!
She released her grip on his chin.
Slowly, the tremors diminished and Paul took a deep breath.
Nancy's foot was nestled firmly against his spent cock.
Paul raised his eyes to her.
He could barely speak, "You are so damned wicked!"
"Just for you, lover!" Nancy softly whispered. "Just for you!"
And she brought her foot down, slipping it back into her shoe.
"Just remember that tonight!"
They both burst our laughing!
Best as they could tell, no one else realized what they did, not even the waitress, and certainly, the Unholy Trinity of ladies did not pay any attention to them.
Paul went to the men's room to clean up while Nancy paid the check.
That night they talked about their outdoor adventure; it was the perfect foreplay for their Sunday Sex!