This is a true story (as all of mine are) since life is much more interesting and unbelievable than fiction. It starts as 4 of us have left the British equivalent of high school, 2 couples who have been friends for years. It's 1975 and three of us have watched each other grow up -- that's me, Stan, and Janine. Stan and Janine were a couple since they met in 1st Form - one of those love-at-first sight relationships that you so rarely meet. But they have been together ever since and always planned to marry once they could.
I was lucky to meet them in the 5th Form and we quickly became friends. They were my most common double-date as I worked through adolescence and we learned how to grow up together. They were always incredibly comfortable in their bodies and openly affectionate to the point of distraction for a guy who was still dating. But one of the advantages to being their friend was that Janine could often suggest a willing date for me even if my date and I ended up listening to them in the back seat. As this story starts they are only a few months away from their nuptial bliss and have suddenly run into a problem.
No, not a problem with sex. That was never a problem for them as they eagerly explored each other as soon as the differences started to appear in each other. Their parents quickly realized that very little could be done to keep these two apart and eventually understood they were serious about becoming married.
The problem was that they wanted children and couldn't get pregnant. Apparently they had been trying to get pregnant for over a year after school before seeing a doctor. When he did the tests they found out they were both fertile, just not with each other. Again, this was 1975 so most of the fertility help was still decades away and expensive for what was available. Today things like this can be resolved easily but not with 1975's medical technology. They basically had two choices -- adoption or sperm donor.
After a lot of talking with each other (and their families) they had decided that adoption simply wouldn't work for them but they disliked the idea of the sperm donor just as much. That's where I come into this story, me and my girlfriend Clare. Clare hadn't grown up with them since she went to a different school but we'd been together for a couple of years ourselves when everything came to a head one weekend when we'd gone away with Stan and Janine. The girls had always gotten along well both being the free spirits they were. It wasn't unusual for our school year double-dates to end up in some darkened room as both couples worked on getting some sexual relief. Not swinging or even blatantly showing off but just 2 couples very deeply in love and comfortable enough to not be prudish about things.
This weekend we'd gone over to a family beach house where Stan had access. Nothing really fancy with a couple of bedrooms, large kitchen and sitting room, but comfortable and easy to clean up. We'd been there before as we all enjoyed getting away when possible and this was an old farmhouse within walking distance of the beach. There were some woods that covered 2 sides and no one else lived within shouting distance which was a distinct advantage to us as young partiers.
We'd arrived separately and taken our stuff to our respective rooms when we decided to take an evening walk. Clare and I had noticed that Janine was quieter than normal so she led the way arm in arm with Janine while Stan and I ambled along behind enjoying the view. There was certainly plenty to enjoy with these two. They were almost the same height at 5'5" with closely matching waves of brunette hair cascading down their backs. Clare's hair was very straight with reddish tints but Janine's had lots of curls that would surround her with a halo sometimes. They were both athletic without working at it having long legs topped by youthfully tight backsides usually inside very tight denim. So the view was decidedly pleasant as we watched their asses sashaying ahead of us. The evening was warm enough that we were all in jeans and t-shirts although the girls had sweaters over their shoulders ready for when the chill hit. They strolled ahead of us chatting head-to-head as girls do when sharing secrets and sometimes giggling.
Suddenly they stopped and faced each other when Clare hugged Janine. I could hear Clare saying she was sorry and when we caught up with them Clare asked Stan if he had told me yet. Stan said he hadn't yet but figured now was the time. That was how we found out our friends were infertile together. We made supportive comments and continued the walk heading back to the house for dinner. Things were quieter once we got back. We worked together getting a simple meal together but when we sat down Clare said, "There's something else you're not sharing, isn't there?"
Stan and Janine glanced at each other before Janine answered. She took a drink from the wine we'd poured and said, "Yes, there is, but it isn't anything bad. We've talked about this and decided we don't want an anonymous donor to father our child. But we don't want to adopt either so we're going to ask someone to be the donor for us."
Clare asked her, "Who?" Stan and Janine both took a moment before Stan pointed at me and said, "Him."
Clare and I sat there for a minute with our mouths hanging open before I could even respond. I lifted my glass and replied, "That's the greatest compliment I've ever received and thank you," toasting them. "Honestly I'm startled and need to talk with Clare about this," I continued. Everyone took a moment and smiled around the table although my appetite was gone.
Stan and Janine nodded before Janine said, "We understand .... and we knew we'd all need to talk about this ..... so we decided the best way to tell you was to just get here together and talk it through." She looked at Clare and smiled nervously, "I know this is odd, but if there's anyone we could talk to about this it was you two." Clare smiled back at her, "Don't worry, you're with friends."
Stan and Janine looked relieved and we finished the meal with the usual chatter as I tried to process their request. Children weren't something I had seriously thought about very much before now. Clare and I were both more interested in enjoying our adult lives than starting a family. We both knew we had several lessons to learn before becoming parents ourselves. The meal ended and we cleared things away before settling down in the sitting room with glasses of wine.
There was a sense of anticipation as we sat together -- the obvious topic was avoided as they seemed to wait for me to start talking. My thoughts kept bouncing around the issue -- was I ready to make a new life? If I said yes how would this affect Clare? If I said no would they be offended? Clare and I were on our usual couch where she had pulled her legs up and leaned against me. Stan and Janine were snuggled on an over-sized chair on the other side of the room so we were all mostly aimed at the fireplace. The evening had cooled in a typical English manner and we had a fire ready to light. Clare looked up at me in a quiet way and asked, "So what are you thinking?"
The room was quiet so everyone could hear us, not that I was worried. We'd all made mistakes with each other in the past -- let little things become big but we'd got to a place where there wasn't much we would take offense at. I smiled at her and said, "I think I need to light the fire," getting up. She swatted me as I went past and the other two laughed as I lit the match and started the kindling. As the fire started to catch I turned around and looked at everyone.
"Like I said, it's a great compliment." Looking at Clare I said, "This would affect you as much as me. How comfortable would you be with watching her have my baby?" You could see her thinking before she answered.
Looking at everyone I said, "That goes for Stan too. You've said you two talked about this but are you sure you want this? I value our friendship and really don't want to mess things up."
Stan answered while Janine leaned against him, "We've been over this a lot Mick. We want children and we won't be able to make them together. But we really don't want to chance some random stranger who made money by donating to the sperm bank."
Janine nodded and added, "For me it feels a lot better to know who I make a baby with. But let me add that Stan and I want to be the parents of our children. We're not asking you to have an active father role." She smiled, "All we want is your sperm."
Clare laughed and the tension lightened. "If I knew some girl was carrying Mick's child I think it would be devastating for me," she said. "Not because she was pregnant but because he had been cheating on me. This isn't cheating -- this is friends helping friends -- not the same thing at all." She looked directly at me and said, "Yes, I am okay with her carrying a baby you help make, even if you won't be raising it afterwards." She got up and hugged me then leaned over to hug Janine as well.
"You and Stan will make great parents," she said. Leaning over she kissed Stan on the cheek and hugged them both. They hugged her back before we all settled back into our couples again.
"Looks like the three of you have decided I will become a donor," I said smiling. They smiled back as I continued, "Okay, I'm willing to be the donor since Clare is okay with this too. Thank you again for asking." I offered a wine salute and realized my glass was dry. I got up to refill glasses for us all opening a new bottle.
After we had finished the toast I asked, "So which clinic or doctor do I need to see for you?" I turned to Clare and said, "You get to go to the clinic too and help out, you know." She laughed and hit me on the arm.
Stan and Janine looked at each other nervously again. "Well," said Stan, "the thing is we don't really want to use the clinics at all. They're damned expensive and won't guarantee to use a specific donor even if we request one."
I looked confused and the moment lingered in the room. Clare started asking and then trailed off in mid-sentence, "If you're not using a clinic then how will Michael ......oh ...?" Looking at me I could see her realize what they were saying as it sunk in to me as well. I looked at the two of them and saw them both nodding their heads as they watched us understand what was going on.
"You're not asking me for a vial of sperm, are you?" I asked. They shook their heads at me. "You're asking for a ...uh .. " my voice trailed off before I finished the obvious question.
Janine looked at Clare as she said, "Yes, this is how we want to do this. Does that change things for you? Stan and I agree it's the only sensible way for us to get pregnant." She watched Clare's face as Clare felt for an answer. I cleared my throat and tried to find a way to talk around a suddenly dry mouth and lump in my throat. I took another sip of wine and wished my nerves would settle down. Clare started smiling and shaking her head as she said, "Oh God, no wonder you've been so nervous today. You're asking to fuck my boyfriend!" She started laughing and sat back in the chair to drink some wine. I still hadn't found my voice but just looked from one to another as thoughts ran around my brain.
Let's be honest here. I've seen Janine naked many times and appreciated her youthful beauty. The four of us regularly took sauna together and had been skinny-dipping, too. Not to mention I'd seen or heard Stan and Janine making love many times before. I won't pretend I hadn't thought about fucking her or what her mouth would feel like on my cock BUT that was as far as it had gone. Even the hugs we had exchanged over the years had been friendly rather than erotic. Now it would seem I was being asked to do a lot more than simply be a friend or even a sperm donor. My face turned red.
Clare pointed at me and laughed harder, "We don't need to ask if he's willing," she said. "I think he just got an instant hardon." To my embarrassment it was true. My cock had jumped to attention at the thought of fucking Janine -- so hard that my pants were very uncomfortable. I hid behind my wine glass as I searched for an answer. Clare moved over to me and patted my crotch, "That's okay, at least we know you won't have to pretend it's me." Loud laughter went around the room as my friends enjoyed my discomfort. Mentally I promised I would pay them back for this in the future. Clare hugged me and said quietly, "Don't worry, luv, it'll be okay."
I gritted my teeth and said to the room at large, "Okay, so how are we doing this? Does Clare get me ready to explode and then what? I stick my cock in Janine for the short strokes? Is this how the donor part will work."
Clare and Janine looked at each other and smiled. "Why don't you let us work out the details," Janine said while Clare nodded. "That sounds a little awkward to me," Clare added. She bounced to her feet and announced it was time for a girls potty break and the two of them giggled their way from the room bouncing off the walls. After a minute Clare's head reappeared around the corner and she said, "We're going to grab a quick shower. Would you please bring down our small bags?"
"Sure," I replied. Stan and I got to our feet and I stopped him with a hand on his arm. "Are you really okay with this?" I asked him. He looked me in the eye and replied, "Yes, this will work and I really am okay with you and her together. You're not a stranger and we trust you -- she trusts you -- and we both trust you not to be a problem when the baby arrives."
We passed the sounds of running water and headed up the stairs to get the bags. The girls' voices could be heard interspersed with giggling and laughter. Coming down Stan passed me Janine's bag and I opened the door to pass them inside the steamy bathroom. Clare was standing at the mirror with a large towel wrapped around her drying body. She was brushing her long hair and smiled at me warmly. The shower was running and Janine's outline could be seen through the glass doors.
"Make sure the fire is up please," Clare suggested. "We don't want to get a chill tonight." I nodded and she blew me a kiss as I closed the door again. Stan was already poking at the fire while adding more coal. I poured wine into the empty glasses as the bathroom noises stopped and the girls came out in a waft of hot damp air still wearing the towels and drying their hair. The towels don't do much to cover their bodies as their breasts stretched them tight and they end barely below their hips.
I picked up the almost empty coal scuttle and headed towards the back door to get a refill. "I'll be back in a minute," I said. Stan replied, "I'll grab a quick shower then," heading towards the bathroom.
Outside I could feel the chill of the evening settle in and the sea breeze moving in with the changing tide. It only took a minute to refill the scuttle and I carried it back into the house. The girls had rescued candles from the pantry and lit those around the room while turning off the lights. The room flickered and danced with firelight and candles.
Stan was out quickly also wearing a towel and I went to take my turn rinsing off. I stripped and dropped my clothes with the others in a pile. The shower was still steamy from the others when I let the hot water hit my body. I looked down at the erection I'd had since they suggested I fuck Janine -- if anything it was harder now than then. I grabbed the soap and quickly washed off the nervous stink I'd developed in the last 30 minutes. I heard the bathroom door open and then Clare's shadow was on the glass . "I brought you a dry towel," Clare said. "You probably didn't realize you were missing one, did you." She cracked the shower door and said with a smile, "Did you get distracted?" "Smartass," I replied. She giggled at me as I continued, "Nope, not distracted at all. Someone suddenly asked me to be a sperm donor so she can get pregnant, my girlfriend says go-for-it, and to top it off we're not using a clinic but doing this the old-fashioned way -- I'll just fuck her. Nope, nothing to be distracted about here."
I turned off the water and turned towards Clare who was working hard not to laugh at me while she offered me a towel. My cock still stood at attention between us and bounced around as I dried off. Clare's eyes followed it and she licked her lips suggestively.
I threw the towel over my shoulder and reached out to take her hand. Pulling her forward I put her hand around my cock and asked her, "Are you really okay with watching me put this into another woman?" I asked with all seriousness. She squeezed me gently and stroked me as she replied equally serious, "Yes, I'm fine with watching you with her. These are friends, not strangers, and I know she isn't trying to steal you away. The one I wonder about is Stan. Do you think he's ready for this?"
"I asked him straight out and he said he was," I replied. I put my hand on the shower wall as she continued to stroke my cock. Pre-cum was oozing from the purple tip and my balls were getting heavier. Clare put her head on one side and asked, "What about Stan? I mean with me? Would you be okay if we gave each other some relief while you're busy getting her pregnant?"
I looked at her with half-opened eyes as she waited for my answer. "I'd be a real asshole if I tried to say no about that. Have you talked with Janine about it, too?" She nodded, "Yes, but not Stan. I wanted to check with you first. Think I'll just ambush him," she said with a smile. Her hand pulled my towel down and she suddenly let go of my cock to wrap the towel around my waist. She snuggled close and I could feel her body along mine as she lifted her head to kiss me. Her tongue played with my lips and her fingers caught the hair on the back of my head as she kissed me hard. Pulling back we both caught our breath as we felt my cock throbbing between us.
She looked up at me with a serious look and said, "I know you're doing this to be a friend but don't do this simply as fucking, okay? I know you like her as a friend, maybe even love her a little, so let that love show while you two make her a baby. I know you're not in-love with her so just relax and be yourself."
"Okay," I agreed. "So how are we doing this? Have you two talked about what goes where and when?" I smiled at her and she giggled back.
"Come on," she said, opening the door and taking me by the hand. She reached out to kill the lights and I could see the reflected firelight and candles on the walls. She led me back to the sitting room where a good fire was licking its way around a pile of coal. The room was dim but you could clearly see the large comforter on the floor in front of the fireplace.
Janine was laying on her back with her knees bent so Stan could bury his head between her legs. The towel she had worn was unwrapped and under her body as her hands clutched at Stan's hair. Her back was arched into his caresses and her nipples stood hard and high on her breasts. She was moaning gently and biting at her lips as he continued to lick at her pussy. You could smell her arousal and small beads of sweat were already forming across her body. She opened her eyes and saw us watching her while she gasped with some unseen caress from his tongue. His hands caressed up until his fingers could pinch her nipples and she moaned. Her pale skin was flushed with desire and her firm breasts moved with her need for air.
Yes, I've seen this before but not quite the same way. Before it had been some inadvertent view that was treated as the Japanese do nakedness -- often seen but never noticed. This time would be very different and as I watched her arousal I appreciated details I had been careful not to see before. The freckles across her shoulders continued down the top of her breasts but not underneath where the pale white skin glowed in the soft lights. She wasn't shaved and the soft curls at the top of her thighs stood in stark contrast to her pale skin. Her hips were full and wide with strong muscles joining her legs to her torso. She had a dancers' body that moved gracefully and muscles showed as she succumbed to the caresses of her lover.
As her eyes glaze with lust I notice her breath catches at the end of every gasp and she is starting to do partial sit-ups on his tongue. He must be licking at her clit in rhythm as we can see the growing excitement in her body. Suddenly she pulls her feet off the floor and we can see her thighs clamping around his head as she climaxes on his mouth. A sudden sheen of sweat covers her exposed skin and she collapses back limply.
Clare mutters to me quietly, "Hope his tongue isn't too tired -- I want some of that myself," as she leans back against me and fondles my cock between us. I laughed in her ear and smacked her ass gently in retaliation. My other hand has been caressing her breasts as we watched our friends pleasuring each other. Clare's nipples have been hard inside the towel she still wears. Stan kisses his way up Janine's body and comes up for air as Janine leans up on her elbows. She moves her hair away from her face and looks at us shyly. I realize this is the first time they have done something explicitly sexual in front of us on purpose and I smile back. Stan's face is covered with her excitement and he has sweat across his body too. His towel is still around his waist and he spins to sit tailor fashioned with his back against the settee.
"That looked like fun," Clare said with a smile. Stan smiled back and replied, "It was."
"How about you give us some room and we'll return the show for you," Clare suggested. Janine smiled and moved over beside Stan snuggling into his arms. They reached for their drinks and settled back to watch us.
Clare tilted her head back to kiss me gently and lifted her arms around the back of my neck while rubbing her ass against my cock. Her towel couldn't take this much activity and suddenly came undone from the simple tuck that helped keep it together. It dropped from under her arms and caught on one breast while the other exposed her hardened nipple. I dropped a hand down to cup her breast and roll her nipple in my fingers while my other hand pulled at the loose towel. Coming free I dropped it to one side exposing her to their gaze.
She was smaller in hips and breasts than Janine, a 34B instead of Janine's 36C. Janine's face was wide with sensual lips. Clare was more delicately formed with features often considered pixie. She had bright green eyes and freckles across her cheeks and small nose. But standing in front of me what was prominent was her long lean body with high tight breasts moving with her every breath. I let my hands roam across my body arousing her own hunger for satisfaction, playing with her nipples and letting my fingers tease her slit also hidden inside soft curls.
I turned her and walked her backwards so we could sink down on the comforter. She smiled as she lay back so I could kiss my way down her body, stopping to nibble on a breast and suckle at her nipples. They hardened in my mouth and tried to drill holes in my palms as I continued my mouth's path down her across her stomach and hips. I could taste her excitement as I licked at her delicate skin. Her aroma met my nose as my mouth finally sought her hidden lips. My tongue extended I licked each lip of her cunt and the extra sensitive skin around them. Her breath came faster as she responded to my mouth exploring her hidden skin. Her clit rose from its protective hood and I gently blew air across her raising goose-bumps and eliciting a sudden gasp.
I looked up the length of her body and saw her watching my mouth on her. My arms wrapped around each leg and with my shoulders firmly set against her legs I closed my eyes and feasted on her. Her dew turned into a well of hot wet flesh that shuddered and quivered under my mouth and tongue. Her cries were muffled by her thighs clamping against my head as I sought ever deeper inside her body. I nibbled at her outer lips and finally sucked her clit into my mouth as she exploded on my tongue. She was climaxing faster than usual and I'm betting she is as excited as I am about the situation. I slow my caresses and kiss my way back up her body with a final kiss on her mouth. She kisses back and then cleans her moisture from my face. I moved up to sit against the other chair and she snuggled into my side as we looked at our friends watching us. Janine had opened the towel around Stan's hips and was openly stroking him as his hand cupped her breast. They are both still obviously aroused and enjoying what we did. Stan and I have cocks of about the same size -- he is fractionally longer but mine is slightly larger around and we're both cut. Right now his cock is standing up hard and her hand looks almost small as she slowly strokes him pushing pre-cum to the tip. Janine locked eyes with me and bent her neck to take him into her mouth -- her cheeks cave in as she obviously sucks him clean and she lets go with an audible pop.
"Looks like Mick's over dressed," Clare said with a grin. She tugged at the towel to loosen it from around my hips. I lifted myself enough that she could pull it away from under me. It was warm in the room as the fire overcame the evening chill outside. Clare settled her hand on my cock which was still oozing pre-cum and stroked me gently. She looked across at Janine and smiled.
"I think we should have done this on purpose before, it is really hot watching you," Janine said. Clare nodded, "Yes, it sure adds something knowing you were watching. I think I came in about 30 seconds." The girls giggled and continued to stroke our cocks. We were still being couples and there was still a line we had to cross.
Clare continued, "You know this is going to take more than one shot. How often do you want to try getting pregnant? Where are you in your monthlies?"
Okay, call me stupid or just dense. That hadn't really occurred to before now. I mean, yes, chances are I could get her pregnant with a single shot but there wasn't any guarantee here. Lots of couples tried for years without success. Was I really going to have an ongoing physical relationship with Janine until she caught? My mind was whirling with confusion especially as Clare continued to stroke me.
"If we go by the calendar I should be fertile now," Janine answered. "This is day 13 for me and you know how regular I am." That was true -- both girls were close on their cycles although Clare's could be so light she'd barely notice them.
"Do you want to just try this weekend and wait to see," Clare asked? "Or do you want to try several times before the end of your month? We can work this either way."
Seriously? My girlfriend is calmly discussing how many times I'm going to fuck our friend while they both play with our respective cocks? We've crossed a line here for sure.
Stan answered, "Well if you don't mind we thought they should try several times to start. With that sort of schedule it may work this first month." Both girls nodded in agreement -- I just sat with a stupid grin on my face and tried not to get too excited. Clare smiled up at me and said, "I think he'll agree to that."
Janine added, "I don't want to monopolize him though. You two need some private time too."
Yep, really crossed into some weird alternate reality where the women calmly discuss who gets to fuck who and when. Next it'll be what positions we can use.
Clare sat up and said, "I think it's time we started getting this baby making started." Her hand gave me a final squeeze as she let go of my cock. She crooked a finger at Janine and motioned for her to come closer. Janine sat up and gave Stan a kiss before she started to move to the center of the comforter. Clare got up on her knees and met her in the middle. She reached out with her arms and the two girls met in a hug. You could see their breasts pressed against each other and neither one pulled away from the naked embrace. They whispered something too quiet for me to hear and giggled together. Clare turned her neck so they were both looking at me from the center of the room. I could feel the heat of the fire reaching out but there was more heat in their gaze.
"Luv, would you crack a window before it gets too hot in here," Clare asked? I gathered my feet under me and managed to stand up. It was hotter than I had realized and I walked over to raise the bottom sash letting cool air swirl in. My cock still throbbed from my excitement and bounced around at full mast. I turned back to the room to see Stan whispering with the girls. He had leaned forward and his cock was hanging low and heavy beneath him. Janine had taken it back in her hand and was stroking him as they talked.
Clare motioned for me to come back and I moved close to them as she rose up on her knees. Her hand reached out to guide my cock into her mouth and the other caressed my balls. She looked up at me as she worked her lips up and down my cock. She glanced over at Janine and reached out to take her free hand. Janine released Stan's cock and turned toward us. Clare released my cock from her mouth and pointed it toward Janine in invitation. Her hand still stroked me forcing pre-cum to drip over her hand at the end of the stroke.
Stan moved up behind Janine and kneeled, reaching around to cup a breast. His free hand was on the back of her neck and I watched as he gently encouraged her to move forward. Janine reached out to hold my cock and smiling she kissed the end. As she pulled back I could see a string of pre-cum joining us before she licked her lips. Clare used her thumb to force another wave from the end of my cock and this time Janine sucked me into her mouth. I could feel her tongue working on me as she started moving up and down my cock with Clare's hand meeting her lips at the end of every stroke.
Clare released me and Janine brought both hands up to seriously start stroking me in and out of her mouth. Stan had settled back watching her work on my cock -- he seemed okay with what she was doing. I placed my hands on her head and gently caressed her as she bounced my cock at the back of her throat. Clare had also settled back and I could see her hand slide down to her open cunt. Her fingers moved in small circles across her clit as she watched the blow job Janine was giving me. Clare looked up at me and grinned before she stuck her tongue out and wiggled it around. That was her invitation for me to eat her and she obviously wanted me to eat Janine. All in good time.
Janine slowed down and released my cock from her mouth continuing to stroke me with both hands. She looked up at me and smiled, "You taste good."
"Glad to hear it," I replied. "Why don't we let me sit down before I fall over," I suggested. We moved around so I could sit on the comforter with them -- my cock still standing up hard and proud. Clare moved to the side with Stan, close enough so she could reach out to his cock, equally hard and full of need. Stan looked surprised as she took him in hand and she smiled back at him.
"Did you think we'd be left out of this," she asked? "I told Janine the only way this would work is if I got to have you when they got to have each other." She leaned towards him and said with a semi-serious face, "But you're not knocking me up, okay? I'm not ready to start making babies." She smiled and continued, "but I'm also on the pill so I don't think we need to worry about that too much."
Stan glanced at me and I nodded in agreement. "Full swap, mate. What's sauce for the goose and all that." Janine nodded at him too, "That's the deal," she added. "I didn't think you'd mind." We all started laughing at each other.
"Why don't you let me and Janine lay down in the middle and you two blokes can be on the outside," she said. We shuffled around and the girls got some pillows behind their heads as we got comfortable together. I leaned up on my side so I could see us all in a line across the floor.
"Now we look like a good porno," I said which broke us all up into laughter again. "Does anyone really need directions now," Clare asked with a grin? She rose up on her side so we had Janine between us and Stan lay behind Clare. He draped an arm across her diffidently and you could tell there was still some room between their bodies. Clare took hold of his hand and slid it down her stomach until his fingers slid between her cunt lips. She wiggled back against him and settled her ass firmly against his cock.
She turned her head over her shoulder at him and said clearly, "You are going to bury that gorgeous cock as deep into my cunt as you possibly can and pound me until I can't walk straight, mate. Stop being so careful with me and let's start fucking, okay."
Janine giggled at them and looked at me, "That goes for you too, Mick." Clare reached out with a free hand and moved Janine's arm over her head.
"Here," she said. "I'll even hold her down for you." I reached over and kissed Clare firmly on the lips while we trapped Janine between us. She kissed me back and gasped into my mouth as Stan did something carnal with his fingers in her cunt.
"You behave," I replied. "Or these two will find out how much you like to be tied up and helpless." Clare moaned in pleasure and rubbed her ass against Stan.
I moved my attention to Janine and slowly moved to kiss her for the first time. Her lips opened to my tongue and I tasted her sweet breath as our tongues played with each other. I could taste myself in her mouth and slid a hand down her body to play with her cunt. She jerked slightly as I found her clit and ran a finger over it as I parted her lips with a finger. She was soaking wet and my fingers found no barriers to slide inside her. She moaned into my mouth as I moved them gently in and out of her. I brought my hand back up and slid my fingers into her mouth.
She tasted fantastic -- different from Clare but sweet and spicy at the same time. She eagerly sucked at my fingers with me tasting herself. I moved away to slide my tongue across her body and sucked a nipple into my mouth as I massaged her breast with my hand.
I saw Clare still on her side watching us. She had lifted a leg giving Stan's fingers room to play with her cunt. Her mouth was open and she was pinching a nipple. Locking eyes with her I ran my fingers inside Janine again and Clare gasped as she saw my fingers disappearing inside her friend. She was close enough I could run my hand up along her body until I reached her mouth. Her eyes widened as I shared Janine's taste running my fingers deep into her mouth and across her lips. She sucked the wetness from my hand and smiled lewdly at the experience.
I turned back to Janine and moved down until I could taste her cunt directly. She gasped and jumped as my tongue and lips played with her clit. I slid my thumb inside her and used my fingers to play with delicate skin between cunt and ass. She was wet enough to soak the covers below us and she cried out when I sucked her clit between my teeth. I worked my thumb back and forward while she humped against my hand. I could feel her cunt muscles clamping in rhythm around my thumb as she worked me inside her.
Her hands were caressing what she could reach of me. I rose up so I could see more of her moving and she grabbed me by the hair. Turning my head she gasped out, "I usually love the foreplay but if you don't stop playing around and start fucking me I will hurt you. I've been ready for you since you said yes!"
Clare snickered hearing this and I looked over at her. "Stan, can't you do something to distract the penny arcade there," I asked. Clare made a mean face at me and said breathlessly, "He's plenty distracting, thank you. Why don't you pay attention to business before she decides to find someone else." Her body was flushed and she had sweat running down her side.
"Fine," I said looking down at Janine. I moved myself up on to my hands and knees to move between her legs. I heard Clare say, "No, I want to be able to watch them too. Move that stool over here and get behind me so we can both watch." There was a low foot stool and she moved it in front of her before laying forward over it. Great height for a little doggie position sex.
She spread her legs and Stan moved between them. He put his hands on her hips and you could see him adjusting his aim before pushing forward. Clare moaned as she felt him slide between her cunt lips and move deeper inside her. Her head went down and she pushed back with her hips. He moved back a bit and pushed back again deeper into her willing flesh. Her head stayed down and she pushed back with enthusiasm as his cock filled her. You could see her body move as he bottomed out inside her with his balls slapping against her. There was an audible thud as they thrust harder at each other and his hands were deep in the muscles of her hips. They stroked together as Janine and I watched fascinated. Finally Clare raised her head smiling at us. Stan slowed his pace and you could see them settle down for some serious fucking.
"Okay you two," Clare said. "This is ... how you do it... if you've forgotten." Her sentence was broken with pauses whenever Stan bottomed out inside her. We laughed at her and I moved up to kiss her quickly. She grabbed the back of my head and moaned into my mouth as Stan kept up his thrusts. Letting go she said, "Tell him he has all night to stop what he's doing, oh God ...."
Janine had moved around to kiss Stan and we looked at each other over the bodies of our lovers between us. You could smell sex, wet and hot, and the sounds they were making were erotic as hell. "Let's give them a show then," I said. We moved back in front of them and Janine wrapped her hand around my cock again. I was still hard with pre-cum coating whatever my cock touched. I reached out for a pillow to put behind her head saying, "Let's start with a little missionary, shall we."
Janine nodded and settled back opening her legs and raising her knees. I looked up the glorious length of her body. Her wet cunt was leaking and almost pulsating with her arousal. The lips were swollen and her clit was standing clear of the hood. I moved forward until my knees were inside her thighs. I leaned forward and she reached down to hold the head of my cock. I moved my hips forward and she guided me into her opening as I continued to move down.
"Wait," she gasped as I felt her body adjusting to me inside her. She was wet and hot and very tight as I held my cock still about halfway inside. Her cunt was expanding and she moved on me inching me deeper. I pulled back slightly to give her room and she rocked her hips from side to side. She started a little dance with her hips using my cock to open her cunt. Suddenly she shoved back at me and I sank deeply inside her.
I followed her hips back down as she pulled back and gained the last fraction as her ass hit the floor. With nowhere else to go her cunt accepted me completely inside her and soaked my length with her juices. We gasped for air together and moved together in harmony. I balanced my weight on my arms and stroked my hips forward and back sawing my cock inside her. She wrapped her arms around me and pulled me against her warm breasts covered with a sheen of sweat. I bowed my head down beside her and moved us together feeling her nipples drilling holes in my chest. I moved a hand down behind her knee to raise her leg and realized that Clare was watching us intently. I vaguely recalled hearing her cries of passion while I had been entering Janine.
Clare was covered in sweat with her hair stuck to her face. Her body was heaving with her efforts to breath and she was flushed from head to toe. Stan still stroked into her every few seconds jarring her body and making her flesh quiver. She looked glorious. He looked sweaty and intent on enjoying the feel of her body wrapped around his cock.
"Having a good time," I asked? She looked like she'd been making love for hours not the short time we'd been playing.
"God that was so hot," she replied. "I came the minute you entered her and haven't stopped yet." I watched as another tremor ran through her body and she moaned. Recovering she looked up at me and smiled, "See?"
I stroked harder into Janine eliciting moans from her as I continued this strange conversation. Clare reached out towards us landing her hand on my side. She could feel my muscles moving as I drove my cock into Janine.
"I want to see," she said. I knew what she meant. She wanted to see my cock disappearing into Janine's cunt. I moved us slightly so our hips were more visible. Janine looked up at Clare and smiled her pleasure. Janine reached out and touched Clare's face gently with her fingers.
"Thank you," Janine said quietly. Clare smiled back and kissed her fingers quickly.
"I should thank you," Clare replied. "This is incredible." She licked her lips, "I want to see you do everything, do you mind?"
Janine smiled back, "No, not at all," she replied. "I get to watch you too and you are so sexy together."
I lifted Janine's leg to change our angle which exposed us to Clare's gaze. I leaned slightly away so she could clearly see my cock disappearing inside Janine. I pulled her knee higher and hooked it inside my elbow. I moved Janine's arms above her head and trapped her hands with one of mine. Now I had her stretched out under me and helpless to stop me from moving as I wanted.
Stan slowed down and smiled at the situation. "You should spank her a little," he offered. She loves a little sting when she's turned on."
Janine opened her eyes and looked at him. "Better be quiet or I'll tell them some of what you like," she warned with a smile. No real threat there. Clare was riveted on where we were joined. She reached out and slid her hand down my side across my hips. She could just reach my cock and circled it with her hand when I pulled out. Stan leaned over so he could watch her playing with us both. Her hand went down so she held my balls as I moved.
She ran her fingers along the cunt lips wrapped around my cock and teased Janine's clit. Our juices covered her fingers and she started sliding her hand along my cock when I pulled back. I pulled out further so she had more to touch and she started sliding a finger inside Janine when I pulled out.
Then I felt her leave her fingers inside as I pushed back effectively tightening Janine's cunt around me. Janine started huffing as she was filled up with Clare's fingers and my cock. Her hips moved faster and she writhed under me as we abused her cunt. Stan picked up his pace again and Clare gasped for air as she writhed on his cock pounding into her. I moved faster and harder slamming back into Janine with some force. She started keening as her climax built and suddenly her cunt spasms hard and fast around me. Clare has curled her fingers up and is hitting the g-spot and rubbing her clit as I pound into Janine. Janine cries out in release and Clare follows her with her own cries of passion. I concentrate on not coming as I feel her body milking my cock inside her.
As she subsides I release her leg and Clare moves a hand up to play with the nipple closest to her. Both girls are breathing hard and Janine looked at Clare. "Damn, girl," she said. "You should warn me before you do something like that."
Clare smiled back at her. "I didn't know I was going to until it happened. You didn't mind?"
"Oh hell no," Janine replied. "Wait until I get to return the favor. That is a serious turn on."
Clare looked over her shoulder at Stan, "Can we change position? Can you help me change? I'm not sure I have the strength to move on my own," she said smiling.
"Sure," Stan replied stopping his strokes. He moved back until his cock popped free of her cunt. It was shining wetly and his hair was matted with their juices. "How do you want to move," he asked?
"On my back okay," Clare replied as she struggled to get her legs underneath her. "My legs feel like rubber right now." She rolled herself off the foot rest and carefully moved her legs back together. "Who knew watching would be so damn tiring," she added with a smile. She moved up until she was laying on her side watching us again.
"Ready for a switch," I asked Janine? She nodded and I continued, "Lock your arms and legs around me then." I felt her legs wrap around my waist as she put her arms around my neck. "Hold on tight," I said.
I gathered my legs underneath me and put my arm down to lever us together. Holding her with one arm behind her back I pulled back and settled back on my crossed legs with her in my lap facing me. Janine let out a small wuff of air as we got comfortable. "That was a strange sensation," she said.
"Have you two not done that before," I asked. "Not quite the same way," Stan replied.
"We will now," Janine said with a smile. I moved my hips and flexed my cock inside her. I didn't have as much depth this way but it was a favorite of ours for chatting while having sex. Janine draped her arms loosely around my neck and moved her hips against me. Her breasts pushed against me with her nipples raking across my skin. I lifted a hand to them feeling their weight as we moved together.
Clare lay back beside us still watching us move and opened her legs to Stan. He moved between them and I watched him enter again. She pushed back and then lifted her legs around his back giving him complete access. His hips moved and I could see his cock as he made long strokes into her -- coming almost all the way out on each withdrawal. She tightened her arms around him and moved her hips to meet his thrusts. He dropped his mouth and played with her breasts as they bounced below him. Her eyes closed and she worked at building her climax around his cock.
Janine had tightened her grip around my neck and used that anchor to move her hips harder against me. She looked over at the others and started matching her thrusts to theirs, as if working towards a joint climax. She bit her lower lip and moved harder against me as Stan's cock started to pound into Clare.
I moved my hands to her ass cheeks and started pulling her against me, helping her to drive my cock harder and deeper inside her. I could feel her muscles straining as she tried to keep pace with the others. She groaned as I dropped my right hand down to where were joined. I put my thumb against the top of her slit and massaged her clit as we moved against each other. Her moans became more demanding as I felt her arms losing the strength to move her.
I straightened my legs out underneath her pausing her -- she panted as she looked at me with desire. You could see she was close to climaxing and didn't want to stop. I unhooked her legs frrom behind me and helped her to move onto her knees. I put my arms out behind me and leaned back slightly so she could move on my cock.
Janine smiled and put her hands out on my shoulders to steady herself. Rising up she moved her hips backwards and forwards driving my cock inside her. On each forward stroke she almost leave me behind but then she would rock back hard until we could go no further. I brought one hand back around to play with her breasts as they swayed before me. A flush spread up her body and sweat sprang out of every pore as she rode me harder and harder. I could feel my own excitement rise as she worked to her next climax. If we kept this pace up I knew I wouldn't last long.
I heard Clare crying out and saw Stan roll her up under him with her legs trapped inside his elbows. He had levered himself onto his hands and feet as he pounded his cock into her. Her hands had become claws and I saw her rake his back as he fucked her hard. The spasms of her next climax ran through her body and she started to grunt with every thrust.
Janine looked over to see them fucking beside us. I felt her pussy contract hard around me as she watched Clare losing control on her fiance's cock. I felt close and wanted to finish another way.
"Are you ready to get pregnant," I asked her breathlessly? I felt her cunt bite down on me as she started to climax. "Yes," she replied. "Do it Mick. Fuck me hard and make me cum. Get me pregnant."
I moved quickly to put her down back in a missionary position again. She raised her legs and held me close as I stroked into her again. I felt Clare's body move beside us as Stan dropped her legs back down. I looked over at her and saw she was climaxing as he worked his cock in and out of her cunt.
"Do it," Clare said. "Get her pregnant. Cum inside her so hard her kids will be born pregnant!" She put a hand out and caught Janine's hand. The two of them looked at each other and smiled in joint pleasure as Stan and I pounded our cocks into their willing bodies.
"I'm close," I warned. Janine's eyes widened and her breath came fast and hard. "Do it, Mick!" she urged. "Fuck me .. fuck me .. fuck me" she said in time to my thrusting hips.
"Cum with him, Stan," Clare urged. "I want to feel you cum hard in me. Fuck me .. fuck me .. fuck me..." her voice matching the rhythm.
Both girls started grunting and I could feel Janine's cunt clamping down hard on me in quick waves. "Oooooo .. now!" Janine shouted as her climax hit hard.
Stan nodded at me and I could tell he was ready to explode. I wasn't sure how I hadn't yet. I could feel my balls pull up tighter and tighter before my own climax hit. I yelled and Janine's eyes almost bugged out as she felt the first hot splash deep inside her. Beside her Clare yelled out as spasms hit her and Stan grunted in a way I knew meant he was cumming too.
My body surged and I slammed my cock hard inside her pulsating cunt as wave after wave of cum left me. Her cunt was milking me for every drop as contractions ran though her. Her legs and arms held me hard into the saddle of her body as she worked herself against me with aftershocks bouncing her around.
I subsided, panting on her with sweat pouring from me and my heart hammering inside my chest. I gasped for air -- looking over I could see Clare and Stan locked in an equally intense embrace. Her feet stroked his back and she was kissing him hard. They collapsed with him on top panting as hard as we were.
I gathered enough strength to raise my body slightly and offered Janine a kiss. Her mouth came open and she danced her tongue around inside mine. I could taste the salt of her sweat and smell the intense aroma of sex that surrounded us. I rose a bit more and Janine ran a hand flat between us down to where we were joined. Her fingers explored the cock that was slowly subsiding inside her -- feeling the connection of our bodies. My cock twitched as I felt the exploration but that was all it could do for now. She collected the mixture of cum that was dribbling from us and brought it back to her mouth. I could smell the intense mixture as she slowly licked it from her fingers.
"We even taste good together," she said with a satisfied smile.
"Do I need to roll over," I asked?
"When you're ready," she replied. I eased myself up and we both looked down our bodies as my softening cock slowly left her. Her cunt unfolded as it slowly released me. There was a flood of mixed cum as the last inch left her. I rolled over to her right and cuddled up against her side. Looking across I could see Clare and Stan in post-coital caresses. He had braced himself above her and she had her legs around his waist trying to keep his cock inside her. They separated with a plop and you could see their cum slowly rolling out of her well fucked cunt. He dropped onto his side on her left so we had both the girls between us again. She rolled up on her right side and Janine matched her on her left reaching out with a caressing hand along Clare's flank.
Clare leaned over enough to give her a gentle kiss and they smiled at each other. I looked at the four of us, sweaty bodies flushed with exertion and satisfied arousal.
"Well," I said. "Do you think we got pregnant or will you be abusing me some more?"
To be continued.