For four days Paige Turner kept quiet concerning her run in with Mark Rapier, her Mom's boyfriend. She couldn't tell her Father of his blackmail scheme without it devastating her Mother. Paula Turner was a recovering alcoholic as it was. One huge shock might ruin her sobriety. Paige couldn't live with herself if that should happen.
Keeping quiet was tough. She had to lie to her Father at every question. Even after he and his ex-wife feuded over how to raise Paige. She was eighteen so in her mind she was already raised. Wearing risqué clothing shouldn't be an issue now. It was regardless.
She also knew that if she told her Father everything he would remove her Tender account completely and ban her from leaving the house. All of the flirting and teasing that kept her smiling would go away. That was not going to happen. She would find a way of dealing with Mark.
The good news was, Lonnie did like the dress Paula had bought her. Paige adored it. Paige even hid the fact that the Old Photographer Mickey had helped her. She would text Mickey her thanks many times. He really wanted her to pose for him. She promised him she would figure out how to persuade her Father into letting her. If not, she would sneak out and meet Mickey on her own. Something she didn't want to do, but would.
With all of her secrets bundled away she paced the floor ready to go to the party she and Beau were invited to. Speaking of Beau.
"He's here Daddy."
"I can see that. His car's a piece of junk."
"It will get us there and back."
"Open the door for him."
"That was the plan Daddy." She giggles and sticks her tongue out at him just before opening the front door. Beau was fairly dressed up in a nice pair of jeans and a dark blue polo shirt. Sizing Paige up in the doorway he exhaled briefly before using a hand queerly to express his liking her attire. It was all an act. She knew it. Lon knew it. Let him be an idiot.
"You look nice Homey."
Beau Stewart tried not to drool over Paige at her front door. Paige and her Father had already spoken about the rules of her going to the party. She agreed. Now that Beau was here to pick her up in his beater Camry she felt like a free woman. Well, she would once her Dad let her leave.
Lonnie Turner, Paige's father joined her at the door to meet the much discussed Beau.
"You must be Beau." Lonnie leered out at the boy. The second Beau saw him he reflected back to the stolen video from Brett Chenowyth's cell. This was the guy that was fucking Paige. He nearly crapped his pants knowing incest was involved. He knew he had to keep that a secret.
"Yep. You're Paige's dad?"
"Wouldn't be here to see you off if I wasn't. Beau? I expect you to show Paige a good time and keep her safe. Don't get too drunk if you're driving. For that matter don't let Paige get too drunk."
"Daddy! Let me grow up."
"Fine. You know the rules Princess. Face time me every 30 minutes so I know you're alright."
"Yessss Daddy. I know. I will."
"Got your bikini? You said there might be a pool."
"Yes. In my purse."
"If that Brett shows up and gives you trouble you come straight home."
"We won't let Brett mess with her Mister Turner. I promise."
"Taking your word on that Beau. Drive safe." He kisses Paige on the forehead and nods for her to leave. Watching them walk away he worried she might be dressed a little too provocative. He wasn't going to raise a fuss. He decided earlier to let her do her own thing. Fuck her skirt was short. No bra under her open back shirt. His kid had certainly grown up fast in the past two weeks. Of course Lonnie had a huge influence on that happening.
As Beau opened her car door he eyes her legs. Soft and silky. She wore a black stretchy style mini skirt with one of her green low back shirts, along with heels that her Mall boys bought her. Her hair long and flowing.
"Like my outfit?"
"I just said you looked nice."
"Oh! Sorry. Nervous."
"You sure you wanna wear a mini skirt like that?"
"What's wrong with it?"
"It's...really short. I mean...really, really, short."
"You're complaining Mister Bi-sexual?"
"No. I just don't want all the guys to..." He hesitates lowering his voice. "Words getting around that we took pics in the weight room. Luckily there's no proof of it. Aaron and Cody told Brett. Whisper here whisper there. She stripped. She lifted weights naked."
"Should I be worried?"
"There's no proof outside of what's on your cell. Right?"
"As far as I know."
"Then just go and have a good time."
"There are other girls at this party right?"
"As far as I know. We can always leave if you feel uncomfortable."
"I'm not leaving, even if I am the only girl. This is my first ever party. I wanna experience drinking games and dancing."
"Both of those I'm sure." He knew darn well she was going to be the only girl. He just had to play it cool. Sean and Drew told him to relax and they would take care of her. He liked Paige but he had already committed bringing her to the guys. What might happen remained uncertain.
As she crawled in to her seat her legs fanned wide and he spotted her skimpy little peach colored thong. It was almost see through. Instant boner. Closing the door he raced around his car and adjusted his erection before entering. Behind the wheel he could hide a bit more.
"Seatbelt on." He prompts. Watching as she slips it over her chest the belt tightened between her breasts. Her nipples poking harder under the constriction of the belt. In his mind he knew this girl was going to be eaten alive by these horny fuckers. Shaking off his worries he sets his car in motion and heads out. Across town they went to a nicer section of the burbs. Drew's parents were realtors and very well off. The house they arrived at was extravagant with a private gate they needed to be admitted through. Once Beau gains access he heads in to a circular drive with a small off the path parking for four other cars. There were seven cars total. One motorcycle off to the edge. There was even a large water fountain in the center of the front yard that had a baby angel pouring water from a large container.
"Oh my gosh. Why isn't Drew in a private school? He must be rich." She admires every detail through her window.
"He must be, this place is insane. Only parking spot left must be for us." He slips between two other cars and shuts the engine off to a sputter. Sitting there he looks over at Paige's awe. "You sure you want to go in there?"
"I know I do. Stop trying to scare me. I'm not as shy as I was a few weeks ago."
"Of course you're not shy. Just gullible."
"Why do you think that?"
"You got totally nude in the school's weight room. In front of two of Brett's friends who made it known they were in on blackmailing you into sex, I might add."
"I know, that was risky. I only did those things for Joshy and Bryan. Besides you want to fuck me too." She sticks her tongue out at him.
"I think there's more to you getting naked in front of Aaron and Cody. I'm your friend. You can tell me anything."
She fidgets lowering her gaze before lifting her glasses by the nose piece. "Everyone things I'm naïve and shy. I am to a degree but not as much as people think. I like making everyone think I'm dingy."
"You do a good job if it's an act."
"My kid like voice adds to my charisma." She giggles.
"You're short too among a lot of really big guys. Doesn't that intimidate you?"
"Sometimes. I'll tell you a secret." She leans over after unfastening her seatbelt, "Big guys really turn me on."
"Is it the fact they can overpower you?"
"I like when they do. I kind of like being scared."
"Wow!" He considers her words and forms an interesting idea. "You should go in there and act extra naïve."
"Why?"
"I'm curious how the guys will treat you. I mean I know Sean's bunch think you're cool already. I say let them see a side to you they're unprepared for."
"I don't get it."
"They did you a huge favor getting Brett's cell for you because they wanted you to feel safe. So did I. My bumper can prove it."
"What does that have to do with my being and acting naïve?"
"You know they're going to ask about the rumors Cody and Aaron spread."
"You mean the truth."
"They don't know that. Are you going to admit you stripped naked in school?"
"Do you think they would think badly of me?"
"I don't know. I mean I doubt it. It's been well over a week now. I'm shocked nobody's confronted you about it. For that matter Brett hasn't tried to get even with any of us."
"I know. He hasn't said a word to me. I've seen him look at me though."
"Calm before the storm."
"I'm not worried. I'm tougher than I look and sound."
"I dare you to go in there and act like your old shy self."
"I'm still shy. Just not as bad. You want me to go in there and be an airhead?"
"Sure. Let's test these guys to see how trustworthy they really are."
"What about any girls? I don't want any one being mean to me."
"Fuck it. Let's go inside I need a beer, better yet a couple shots of Tequila."
"I've never had the hard stuff. A glass of wine once and a few beers."
"Then tonight we party."
"Yay!"
He exits his car and darts around to open her door before she could. He just wanted another look up her skirt. Peach G-string still sexy. Shutting the door he walks side by side with her to the front door. Reaching it the double oak doors fly wide and there stood Drew and his buddy Jeff. Music blaring in the background and guys talking.
"About time you two got here. Beers cold. Liquor cabinets wide open. Oh! Leave your shoes out here. My Mom will kill me if we track anything in." Drew looks at Paige who instantly turns red as she removes her heels. "Nice outfit Turner. I think that's the least amount of clothing I've ever seen you in. By the way you never did show us how you looked in Jeff's jersey and tank."
"I can show you in a few. Beau's thirsty. Can I use your bathroom?" She needed to face time her Dad and wanted to do it in private. As Beau walks off with Jeff, Drew shows her to the closest of six bathrooms in the house. Once inside Drew headed to join his friends.
Sitting her purse on the basin she calls her Dad and sets up the face time mode. In seconds they were watching each other.
"I'm here Daddy. So far so good. I'm using the bathroom." She tilts her cell on a soap dish so that she could lift her skirt and pull her G-string down to pee. Sitting there Lonnie watches her.
"Alright. If things go bad I'll come get you."
"I'll be fine Daddy. I was thinking on the way here. Can I make videos for Dillon and a couple of the other guys from Tender that you want me to meet?"
"As long as you don't get too crazy. Once you have a few drinks under your belt you might not realize what you're doing."
"I won't drink too much. I know I'm a lightweight."
"I'll judge you every 30 minutes."
"I'm done peeing." She pulls her thong back on and lowers her black skirt. "I need to socialize. See you in 30 Daddy."
Cutting him off she washes her hands and gathers her things. Opening the door she journeys out into a large family room. Three large sofas and two cushy extra wide recliners took up a good portion of the room. In front of them was a massive oak coffee table. Guys had their feet propped up. She recognized every single boy there from her graduating class. All 13 of them. Her heart stopped.
"Where are the other girls?" She swallowed dryly.
Beau, Drew, and Sean step over to her. Sean had two beers in hand.
"Bud light keg in the mudroom. I brought you one. Unless you want something with more kick." Sean offered.
"Like I said, "Drew interrupted, "Liquor cabinets open."
"Beer is fine. Where are the other girls?"
"Nobody showed up." Drew frowned. "I've been calling girls right and left. Everyone had other plans. Don't be freaked out. We're all good."
"I'm not really freaked out. I...don't mind being the only girl."
"Only thing is I had all kinds of drinking games that require a girl." Sean added.
"I'm still a girl." She giggled sipping her beer.
"True. A hot girl at that." Drew chuckled. "It would mean you participated in every round."
"What kind of games?"
"Drinking games. Ever play Seven Minutes in Heaven?"
"No. How is that played?"
"The way we play it someone spins a bottle. Whichever two people it lands on have to spend Seven Minutes in Heaven. It's usually one girl, one guy. Heaven being say a closet. A car. A bedroom."
"Bedroom?" She blushes.
"Weight room even." Drew points to a small fitness room in the back of the house. "All kinds of places in this house."
"What other games."
"Twister?" Beau jumped in for the heck of it.
"I actually have that. I can go get it." Drew darts away leaving Sean, Beau, and two newcomers Patrick and Roger to keep her company. Patrick behind Paige bit his fist looking at her heart shaped ass. That skirt barely hiding her cheeks.
"I've never played Twister either." She fidgets. Her beer went down quickly due to a bit of nerves.
"I say we do shots to make Paige feel welcome." Sean calls out over the music of the band Disturbed. The other guys jumped up and headed to the bar for a tray of shot glasses. Tequila shots were poured by Jeff and passed out. A few minutes later Drew returned with the Twister game and fanned out the color pad. Awaiting him Sean hands him a shot glass. "Attention! We all know Paige here is really shy so let's make her welcome around us. Tonight we get drunk and have a blast. Paige? We're all sorry if we didn't get to know you much the last couple of years. You're really cool. This is your party as much as ours. Right guys?" He lifts his toast to a congregation of "Hell yeah!" Everyone downs their shots. Paige in awe tries to be a part of their fun. She sips it to an expression of EWWWW!"
Everyone laughs and begins chanting, "DRINK DRINK DRINK!"
Paige whines but kicks it back swallowing. Her throat on fire she gags choking and coughing. Patrick behind her is joined by Roger in rubbing her bare back acting concerned. Her skin was really soft. She blushed heavily and fanned her face. Sean and Jeff also took to fanning her. Finally she laughs at herself. "That was horrible." Looking around at the guys they appeared harmless and worried a bit that she might leave. Seeing their stress she hands Sean her shot glass. "I'll try one more."
Beau's eyes bulge at her unexpected decision. He thought for sure that would be the end of her alcohol. He recalled Paige mentioning her Mother was an alcoholic. That alone bothered him. He cared. As more rounds were poured Sean points at Paige.
"You toast."
"Me?" More red cheeks and nose. "Ummmm! To Twister and Seven Minutes in Heaven. Hopefully not heaving." The room busted up laughing. Paige was being awesome. Down the hatch the shots went. Paige took it like a trooper this time, merely wagging her tongue at the taste and holding a hand to her chest. "Oh my gosh! It's getting hot in here."
The laughing halted to watch her tug at her shirt as if she was on fire. She exhaled feeling the Tequila hit home. Drew chuckles and steps over to place an arm around her shoulder. "We didn't know you had this in you Turner. You're freaking awesome. One more then Twister?"
The group promptly encouraged her as a third shot is poured. Once they were ready Drew called the toast. "Paige? As your friends you're always under our watch from douschbags like Brett Chenowyth. If there's anything we can do for you just let us know."
"Awwww! That's sweet. Thank you Drew. All of you." She ponders the offer, "I might take you up on that. There's a couple guys I met on Tender...yes I'm on Tender." She giggles. "I like to make little videos for them to break the ice."
"Say no more." Drew raised his glass. "To all the videos Paige wants us to take. We might hit you up on Tender now." He chuckles. Shots were swallowed. She huffs her cheeks then downs her third shot. She was really warm now.
"First Twister...then a few rounds of Seven Minutes. Videos after?"
"Sure." She continues to offer a breeze by fanning her shirt. Each time she did boys tried their hardest to capture peeks at her cleavage from the top and the sides.
Drew guides her toward the Twister pad and shows her the spinner. "I call a color and say a body part and you have to touch that with said body part. Choose three others to join you. It becomes who gets to that spot first. Fight for it." He omits the loss of balance as out of the game.
"Beau, Sean, Hector, and Matt." She thought Matt was cute.
Jumping at the chance the guys stand on the pad surrounding her. As Drew spins the dial he shouts, "Left hand yellow." Everyone dives for the closest yellow dot laughing. Paige couldn't stop giggling as she bent over, hand on a yellow dot with Hector right behind her. Beau, Sean, and Matt awkwardly in front of her.
"Right foot green." is called next. Paige moves her legs apart and between Matt's widened stance. The web was already getting tangled.
"Right hand blue." Forced to stretch further between Sean and Beau her loose shirt fans downward. Eyes behind her check out her braless tits. Easy to see beneath the green shirt. Hector smiled and pointed at her via a motioned nod. Guys that weren't playing moved in to witness not only her tits but her butt. That stretchy black skirt was riding high revealing both cheeks and a peach colored clam. Paige was having too much fun to be worried about anything. Three shots of Tequila was already dulling her senses.
Looking at the Twister pad for the perfect moves Drew spins the dial but doesn't offer up the true color. Making things up as he went along now to their advantage. "Left foot yellow." As everyone contorted Paige's legs widened further apart. Hector in his own reach had his face right up Paige's skirt and showcased his tongue really close to her peachy thong. She had zero idea he was doing this.
"Left hand green." This move sent Sean backwards. Paige laughing while hovering her face right over his crotch. Her eyes bulbous and noting an obvious erection. "Right foot red." Beau now found himself beneath Paige's belly staring straight up her shirt at bouncing tits due to her laughter.
"I'm going to pee." Paige belted out laughing entirely too hard. Hector moved his face away just in case. "How do we determine who wins?"
Drew chuckles adding the traditional rules. "The last person who keeps their balance without losing their dots wins."
"I'm out." Beau fell and crawled to freedom.
"Right foot green." She stretches further back. Matt was now beneath her peach looking up. Eying the perfect move Drew accesses the casualties forthcoming. Before he could call the move they hear Paige's cell ringing. She realizes it and informs the group.
"That's my Daddy. I need to face time him or he'll come here looking for me."
"Stay right there." Jeff finds her cell in her purse and opens face time. "Hey Paige's Dad. She's playing Twister. I intercepted you so she didn't have to leave the pad. Here I'll hold you over her." He steps carefully poising the cell at Paige in her twitching predicament. Her face was beet red and she tried not to laugh.
"Bad timing Daddy. I'm having so much fun. Twister is tougher than it looks." Looks were staring up her skirt dramatically. Matt wanted to bring her down right on his face. Drew considered the move that might just drop her. Soon enough he thought.
"How many drinks have you had?" Lonnie needed to know.
"Three tequila shots. It's really hot in here." She giggled swaying in place.
"Don't drink any more shots. I'm not holding your hair when you're throwing up."
"Okay." She pouts. "Call the move, I'm slipping." She insisted. Drew hearing her chuckles shrugs at his friends. "Right hand blue." In looking for her target she was forced to stretch backwards. Balance lost Matt Davies got his wish. Paige toppled her hips right over his face. He had already lost and was just laying in wait. As her peach covered puss lands right over his mouth she yelps and bursts into hysterical laughter. "I lost Daddy. Dang it!" She pouted at her cell and shifted a bit. She knew she was straddling a face but played coy. Matt's hot exhales flowing over her inner thighs flared her eyes.
"If you're doing okay I'll let you go. See you in 30 minutes."
"Bye Daddy." Jeff notes the disconnect and takes her cell away. While the others kept her busy he snooped into her cell to find the videos Beau took of her at school. With her volume turned down he and six other boys watched her weight room striptease. She was fucking hot.
More intimate videos of her masturbating for Bryan and Josh were even better.
Kneeling around Paige Sean and Hector helped her balancing act on Matt's face. She smirks sheepishly, "It feels like I'm riding Bryan's horsey." Yep! She was getting drunk.
"Time for Seven Minutes in Heaven?" Sean calls back at Drew.
"Yay!" She claps her palms silently and pulls herself off of Matt's features. His face was moist. Eyes rolling back in his head Matt sighed and gave the room a thumbs up. Everyone now wanted that same opportunity. "Me first." She giggles climbing to her knees. Beau helped her to her feet.
"You're the only girl. You're first, second, thirteenth." Drew busts up.
She shyly grins, "I'm ready."
"Everyone take a seat." Drew waved the guys into a circle on the carpet. Her cell was stashed back in her purse. They had forgotten to turn the volume back up. Bad move.
"Alright. Bottle ready to spin. We only spin it once for a chosen guy. Paige being the only girl goes every time."
Paige felt special suddenly, until it occurred to her 13 times 7 is 91 minutes. "Maybe we should make it Three Minutes in Heaven."
"We can do that." Everyone concurred.
"K, spin the bottle."
Drew does just that. As it slows it points toward a boy named Mike. Mike beamed from ear to ear at being the first picked. Drew acknowledges Mike and grins. "Pick your place in Heaven and take Paige there. We'll call you after three minutes for the next spin."
"Wait!" Paige stammers slightly, "What do we do there?"
"Kiss. Touch each other."
"Whoaaaaa!" She holds her breath grinning. "Me or him?"
"Both."
"I like kissing." She wiggles on her feet in her knelt position. She had yet to realize her butt cheeks were visible. Her skirt riding high gave them all a tease.
"We could make this more interesting. It depends on how you feel Paige. Nobody here wants you to do anything you don't wanna do." All of the guys groan at Drew. He holds a hand up for them to relax.
"What's more interesting?" She grew curious.
"Heaven should be something special don't you agree?" Drew leaves it open to everyone. They all agree channeling their thoughts toward Drew from behind Paige's back. Paige herself sheepishly shrugging one shoulder wondering where this was going.
"I say everyone should take at least one article of clothing off. Socks do not count."
Paige bulges her eyes and pushes her glasses up by the nose piece. She then looked over her clothing. If her shirt came off she would be topless. If her skirt came off her only covering would be a very miniscule G-string. Not many options were available.
"Can you handle that Paige?"
"I...guess."
"Awesome. Heaven means don't get crazy guys. We all want Paige to be comfortable with us." Drew convinces them. Frowns were evident. She shyly looks around her for their reactions. She saw sadness in their eyes as much as lust. With everything she had experienced with her Uncles, her Dad, Joshy, and Bryan she almost wanted to go all out. But, with graduation so close she needed to behave herself somewhat. A happy medium was chosen. She hops to her feet in a hurry forcing her tits to jiggle. Taking Mike by the hand she pulls him to his feet.
"Which way to Heaven Mike?"
Mike smiled and considered the layout of the house. He had seen most all of Drew's house since they grew up together. "Spare Bedroom."
"Lead her to Heaven Bro. Clock starts when the door slams shut."
Up a spiral staircase he led her. At the top of the stairs Mike flipped everyone off and rushed he and Paige down a hallway and into a spare bedroom. Even being an extra room it was extravagant. Lingering a second before slamming the door Mike took his T-shirt off and hurled it aside. He then looked at Paige. "Your turn."
Taking a deep breath Paige wiggles her skirt down her creamy white legs and steps out of it. Wearing only her peach G-string which barely kept her pussy hidden left his jaw wide. Her fiery red arrow pubes were sticking up over the tiny patch of cloth. She blushed as his eyes stared directly at it. Door slammed finally Mike crept toward her and pulled her close. His hands rubbed her back as he leaned in to kiss her their lips roaming with curiosity. His hands found her butt cheeks and she shivered. She wasn't resisting but felt awkward. The tequila in her system opened her mind. She was swooning at his kiss. Guiding her backwards toward the bed he nudged her back and crawled between her legs. Wearing jeans he dry humps her making her laugh. It was the best he could do under the restrictions. Her nails trailed his back offering him a sense of reality.
"You're fucking hot Turner. I wish this was real."
"Sowwy. Three minutes is almost up."
Downstairs the guys were again scanning her cell and moving things over to their own cells. Every damned one of the guys were keeping her videos for themselves. Beau felt horrible but said nothing. What could he do? Twelve to one odds was not good. Even though he instigated some of this party he did actually like Paige. He felt sad over betraying her. Hearing the guys lust over Paige made him queasy.
"Times up for Mike. Jeff you go knock and say you're next." Drew ordered. Jeffrey Pierce raced up the steps and pounded on the door. Hearing him Mike groaned and left Paige laying there. The room was spinning ever so slightly.
Jeff ushers Mike out and slams the door. Seeing her in her thong Jeff whistled. "Dammmmn Turner. Nice pubes." He forsakes his shirt and goes for his cargo pants. Off they went leaving him in a shirt and boxers. His erection barely remained hidden behind the opening. Jeff being large tented it out. If she had looked closely she would have seen his cloaked beast in the flesh. Doing the same as Mike he crawled over her and kissed on her neckline. She rolled her eyes a bit at his tenderness.
"That feels nice Jeff."
"So do you." His hands roamed her hips as her legs curled over his. Fingers slip beneath her bands guiding them a bit lower. She whimpers just enough to stop him. "Sorry Paige."
"I'm okay. It's supposed to be Heaven."
"Can I pull them a bit lower?"
"Not off but yes."
He moves down her body roaming his face over her shirt, between her breasts and down to kiss over her stomach. She giggled at her ticklish nature. Fingers tug her G-string down a bit. More of her fiery red pubes slip into view. She purrs but stops him just before her clit popped into view. Hearing him growl and exhale over her pubes he merely nuzzles her hair and kisses very close to her clitoral area. She places her hands on his scalp and strokes his hair.
"The room is spinning." She quivers at his lips down there.
"Tequila reaction." He lifts long enough to tell her.
"Does it get worse?"
"It depends on the persons tolerance. Three must be your limit."
He kisses back up her tummy and lifts her shirt hem to peer up at her breasts. Kissing a bit under them led to a discouraged look. Someone else was pounding at the door.
"FUCK!" Jeff crawls over Paige with one last kiss to her lips. "I want to kiss you more."
"Maybe Drew will give you another chance." She giggles.
"Should be an Hour in Heaven."
"I might be open to that after graduation."
"Really?"
"Maybe. Who is next?"
Disgruntled he goes to the door to find Hector. Hector fist bumped Jeff putting his pants on as Hector entered and shut the door. Paige waves at him with her G-string still rolled up a bit. "This bedroom must be the only room in Heaven."
"Three minutes isn't long enough to go looking for other places."
"I'm fine with this heavenly room." She giggles.
"Taking my pants off." He drops them. To her shock he wasn't wearing underwear. He wasn't well endowed but a six incher was still noble. She bulged her eyes as he crawls in beside her letting his beast caress her hip.
"Oh my gosh! You're not wearing any..."
"I can put my pants back on." He wasn't going to even if she asked him to.
"It's only three minutes. Kiss me."
He dares to roll over her body to lay between her legs just as the other two boys had. This time though she felt flesh on flesh. His cock touching her pubes and belly. As they kissed she caressed his cheek with one hand, his ribs with the other. He began grinding a bit over her pubes trying to pull the G-string lower just to see if he was talented enough to succeed. It wrinkled slightly but not enough to claim a prize. What she didn't know was that Drew had intentionally told Hector to lose his underwear before going in just to see her reaction. After Jeff filled him in on her head spinning Drew had the next guy waiting without his underwear on too. If Hector succeeded then every guy there was going in commando.
"You're a good kisser Hector." She sighed wiggling beneath him.
"Much better lover." He winked.
"Someday maybe. Ask me out after graduation."
"I will."
"Yay!" She tugged at his shirt as he again tried to maneuver her patch lower. This time her clit did stand revealed. She could feel his foreskin rubbing across it. It made her gasp slightly and smile. That fucking door knocking ruined her moment. Hector eased away looking down at her clit. In a bold move he leaned in and flicked it with his tongue. She yelped and pointed at him with an evil glare. "Meanie!'
Dressed he answered the door. In stepped a boy named Glenn. He shoved Hector out and slammed the door. Down came his jeans minus underwear. She shivered. "Nobody wearing undies anymore?"
"It's in style. You should try it."
"I don't know." She nibbles her lower lip. As he moved closer she watches him lick his lips looking down at her revealed clit. She hadn't bothered to pull it up. She too was testing the guys.
"Seriously. It's so much more comfortable."
"I'll try it." She nods, "Help me take them off?"
"Sure." He greedily pinches the bands and tugs them from her hips and down over her toes. To the carpet they went. She offers a terrified expression suddenly.
"Be gentle with me."
He crawls in just as the others had. Over her thighs his seven inch cock slithered. Rolling about over her as they embraced kissing. That room was spinning a bit more. It was entirely too warm in here too. Glenn felt his cock mold between her labia. She was wet as hell. He wanted to take her but just wasn't sure he should. He would settle for her trembling whimpers and her roaming tongue. French was a requirement in this school. His last minute fading fast he lifted her shirt a bit and kissed higher up under it. His forehead between her breasts. She fanned herself vividly as the door was pounded on.
"DAMMIT!" Glenn peeled away and kissed her lips once more. He left her with her shirt crinkled up and revealing the underside of her breasts. It was a bit cooler.
Dressed Glenn lets in the cutie Matt. Seeing him enter made Paige giddy. "Hi Matty."
"Hey gorgeous."
"Am I?"
"God it's fucking 100 degrees in here." He takes his pants off to a thick eight inch tree trunk. fanning his shirt he looks at her, "You mind?"
Shaking her head as he stared not at her body but her eyes she approved of his shirt too. Matt stood nude. Tall buff and handsome. Not to be one upped Paige sat up and removed her own shirt. Dizzy she threw it aside and flopped backward with a forearm over her glasses.
"You okay Paige?"
"Much cooler now. Kisssss me."
Matt took a different approach and laid beside her. Pulling her to her side he let his beast drape over the width of her butt crack. Squeezing her tits he kissed her craned features. Lips reaching each other she absorbed his intentions. He was treating her lovingly. After a minute he lifts her left leg and lets his beast flop in between her legs to nestle amid her glossy cunt.
"I love Heaven." She shyly whispers.
"Me too. You're really wet down there Paige."
"My clittycat?" She offered a naïve expression.
"Cute nickname. Yeah your clittycat." He slides his girth back and forth between her labia softly. "Like that Paige?"
"Yesssss."
"Can I stick it inside just for a feel?"
"Just once."
He grins with a wink and lines his crown up for a very tender introduction. She tenses up at the insertion and draws him in to kiss her again. Lingering deep inside her he kisses her until the dreaded door knock.
"Nooooooo!" She pouts wanting more of him. Grumbling at her interest he knew he could fuck her beginning to end. The other guys would bitch so he looked her in the eye.
"Make love to you next weekend?"
"I'd like that. Maybe sooner." Before he could pull out of her Drew opens the door and holds up Paige's cell. He motions Matt to stay inside her as he enters.
"Your Dad's calling to check up again." Drew informed her. She claims her cell and motions Matt to stay inside her. He and Drew look at each other amazed by her sudden change. Making certain Matt was not in her Father's immediate site she feels Drew place her shirt over her chest. She uses it as a form of disguise. Opening face time Lonnie Turner sees only her face and a bit of her shirt.
"How's it going?"
"I asked if I could lay down. Room is spinning a lil."
"Want me to come get you?"
"Noooooo Daddy. I'll be okay I just needed to be by myself a minute."
Drew raced quietly away to the adjoining restroom and brought back a damp washcloth placing it on her forehead. "Here! Maybe this will help you feel better." Drew played along.
Within her at a bad angle Matt attempted to fuck her. She endures three thrusts as the guys in the hall watched them in silence. Drew added, "Hey Mister Turner. This is Drew. It's my party. I swear we'll take care of Paige. Beau here will bring her home if she gets too drunk or sick."
"I'll take your word Drew. Thirty minutes Paige. If you're not better you're coming home."
"Thank you Daddy. I love you."
"Love you too." As soon as the call disconnected Paige pushes Drew away and pulls Matt on top of her. "FUCK ME MATT."
Matt did just that. He reared up on his knuckles and began thrusting feverishly. Drew stood back watching. "You go Boy." he chuckled. Drew then motioned the rest of the group in to surround the bed. "I think this is Paige's Hour in Paradise." Glenn added.
She was so in tune with Matt that she hadn't realized every guy there had their cells out recording them. Drew offering a thumbs up to everyone with a wicked tongue flipping about evilly.
Drew wondered how far he could take this and hurled himself next to the fucking couple and starts talking. "How's Matt doing there Paige?"
"Good. Don't stop Matty." She pleads pulling his head lower to kiss her.
"How does Matty here rate getting some and not us?" Drew belts out. She was too busy to acknowledge him. Matt was ramming her cunt really hard. They could hear his balls slapping her cheeks with every buried thrust. She was whimpering one second, yelping the next. Her nails digging into Matt's ass. Sean took to the opposite side of the bed and lay there as Drew was. Eying each other through the entanglement both Sean and Drew took the risk of reaching hands in to squeeze her tits. As the kiss lifted she reacted to the guys playing with her tits. With fogged glasses she tilts her gaze from one boy to the other and bites her lower lip.
"Still like living in Heaven Paige?" Drew asked. She merely nods and accepts her fate. Matt was still pounding away making her try and focus between the three boys. It wasn't easy.
"You have perfect little nipples Paige." Sean spoke up.
"T-thank you." She trembled.
"Can we kiss them?" Sean leans toward her hesitantly awaiting an honest answer.
"Yes." She expels in her childlike voice.
Drew and Sean devoured a nipple each as Matt reared back to fuck her from an upright position. He accepted a cell to record his penetrations from a downward angle. Paige realized he had a cell. In looking about she noticed others were filming too. Her jaw dropped as sensation overload was approaching.
"I think she likes this guys." Matt leered around him with a smug expression. "Am I right Paige?"
"Please don't stop fucking me." She offers a yearning expression.
"There's a good number of guys here who still haven't gone to Heaven with you Paige. You think it's fair not to give them time with you?"
"No. I have time. Why is everyone videoing us?"
"We knew you liked video of you. Any guys you wanna make videos for?"
"Yes." She sheepishly nods. Patting Drew's scalp as he sucked her nipple she garners his attention. "Do you read comic books?"
"Doesn't every guy?" He chuckled.
"There's a guy I met on Tender. He's taking me to Comicon. Help me make a video for him?" Not once did Matt stop thrusting. He was lost in his own ability.
"We can do that." Drew jumped from his bed and takes Mike and two others to his bedroom. There he had a shelf full of action figures and masks. Things like Thor's hammer. Captain America's shield full sized. Passing out things he arms all of the party goers with something. Matt got to wear Thor's winged helmet and wield the hammer. Mike wore Ironman's helmet. A boy named Tyrell respected the Panther wearing a mask of the King. Getting ready Drew hands Beau her cell. "Record us Bro."
Beau froze a second until he heard Paige mutter, "I'm going to cum." Video set he begins filming the heroes fucking her hard.
"Black Widow teased us Revengers for the last time. That bitch is ours." Drew acted up as Cap brandishing his shield. Moving about Beau discovers guys losing their clothing right and left. Nude fuckers wearing minimal costumes laughing it up. Beau moved over Paige's head by standing on the bed focused on her brewing orgasm.
"Talk to your man Widow." Drew adds.
"Dillon!! Save me from my teammates. They're fucking me so hard. Be my hero. Please!" She poises pleading hands up toward the camera.
"WAIT TIL HULK GIVE YOU BIG GREEN COCK." Jeff jokes wearing a Hulk mask and big green muscle gloves. "STRETCH WIDOW'S PUSSY WIDE." Even Beau wanted to laugh. Maybe he was Loki the mischief maker.
"I hope you get here in time to save me Dillon. I know we've talked and teased one another but I'm not sure how openminded you are. If you can accept this you can accept me."
Matt needed to cum too. Pulling out barely he fires a current of jizz across her chest bellowing, "LET THE HEAVEN"S ROAR." He coated her tits well.
"Noooooo! I was so close." She kicks her feet. Matt slips away and lets Jeff as the green goliath replace him. In his vigor that was all Paige needed. After two minutes of encouraged pounding Jeff made Paige convulse and cry up toward the cell cam. Her eyes rolling back into her head as she shrieked.
"It's not over Widow." Captain Drew holds the rim of his shield to her throat. "Tear this redhead up Hulk."
"HULK SMASH PUSSY."
Jeff destroyed her senses until pulling out and pelting her in a second creamy assault. Paige couldn't breath. As Jeff lifted away Hector took over wearing a long cape and an amulet about his throat.
"DR.STRANGER IN THE HOUSE." Hector chuckled. They knew who he meant. Fucking her equally as hard it didn't take long before another orgasm. Time was going by fast. As Beau recorded her felt a vibration from her cell.
"Paige's Dad again." He lets them know.
Paige catching her breath panics a bit. "I can't let Daddy see me on this bed still. He'll come get me. We need to move this elsewhere. Put some shirts on at least." Everyone scatters to grab shirts and help Paige to her wobbly feet. Between orgasm and alcohol she needed help. Matt swiftly tosses her over her shoulder and carries her downstairs and to the swimming pool. He literally launches her into the pool. Beau then answers her cell.
"Hey Mister Turner. Give her a minute she just dove into the pool."
Drew punched him in the arm whispering, "She's naked you idiot."
Lonnie winces, "Show me the pool."
Anticipating this Sean ran inside and grabbed her bikini from her purse. He had seen it when watching her cell videos. Darting back out just as Paige surfaces he whips his shirt off and dives in out of the camera angle. From underwater he swims to her side as she wades to the pools edge. Figuring out her top he cups her breasts and ties her off leaving the bottoms in his hand. She spits water laughing and looks at the cell.
"Oh hey Daddy. I'm feeling lots better now. I needed to cool off. The cold water made me sober up I think." She rears up just enough to show her burgundy colored bikini over her tits. Settling back down on her arms she looks up at the cell seductively.
"You wore your glasses in the pool?"
"Yep!" She grins through puddled up lens.
"Don't break those. I'm not buying another pair."
"I won't." She feels a tongue go up inside her pussy from below the water. Sean was eager. His fingers rubbing her clittycat at the same time. Lonnie knew something was up by her expression. Luckily she thought fast. "My bottoms got twisted when I dove in.
Don't you laugh at me Daddy." She pouts with a bold lower lip.
"Enjoy your swim. 30 minutes Punk."
"Bye Daddy."
Signing off she found boys jumping in naked all around her. She screamed at the herd charging around her, water splashing at every turn. It reminded her of being at the lake with Bryan and Josh. Sean surfaces for air and drags her in for a kiss. In the process Drew swims behind her and removes that cockeyed bikini top, tossing it up on to the concrete. As she and Sean kissed, Drew planted his cock up inside her pussy and fucked her from behind. She loved it. All while Beau for some reason couldn't stop recording her.
Glenn, Mike, Tyrell, and Billy swim over to surround her and discuss what to do. After a bit of thought they move in. Glenn and Tyrell journey to each side of her and take a hand each lowering her grip to touch their beasts. She instantly began jerking them off. Her mind was reeling. Billy and Mike dove under and began pawing at her legs. Fingers roaming everywhere. All the way up to her clit. There Mike rubbed her as Drew fucked her from behind. Hector not to be left out takes a deep breath and goes deep to suck on her toes. Breaking from Sean's kiss found her moaning loudly for Beau. Sean's lips moving now to her throat.
"Talk to the cell." Beau barked.
"To every guy on Tender...I want...this." She whimpered. As she jerked off Glenn and Tyrell they crept closer kissing her shoulders, and reaching in to squeeze her tits. "Oh my God! I WANT THIS!"
More of the boys hearing her swim down to kiss and touch her legs. It was like a feeding frenzy of piranhas. Every one of them needed to participate. Paige was giving them that Seven Minutes in Heaven in spades. Drew pulls out to cum under the water. Sean takes his place in front of her. His dick torpedoing inside. She convulsed at so much attention. Guys coming up for air then going down for more. Rearing her backwards Sean gives the guys chances at sucking her nipples. She hears Glenn nut in her hand motion. Tyrell shortly after.
Amid the crowded gangbang Lonnie Turner calls back again. Panic strikes and he face times Lonnie even though Paige's moans were loud and proud.
"What's going on over there?"
"Pool party Sir. Everyone is having fun. I can't swim so I'm manning her cell in case you call."
"I hear my daughter moaning. I know that tone Kid. Let me see her."
Beau swallows and shows Lonnie the pool destruction. Paige was crying out, "DON'T STOP!"
"Christ! How many guys are in there with her?"
"Twelve."
"Be honest with me Beau. How many has fucked her?"
"Six I think. So far."
"Fuck! Get their attention for me. Whistle loud or something." Beau knew he was going to regret this but whistles loudly. Everyone slows up and looks his way. They could see on the cell Lonnie's face.
"DADDY!" She yelps trying to hold the guys close to her for a human disguise.
"Don't even try telling me a lie Paige. I heard you yell DON'T STOP!" The guys grit their teeth at his knowledge. "So why are you pansies stopping? Fuck my kid silly."
"Whoaaaa!" Sean looks to Drew, then the others. "He's serious?"
"Yes. Daddy is serious. Keep fucking me. I love your cock inside me Sean."
He tore that pussy up. After Sean, Tyrell took a shot. Then Billy who had her up against the wall of the pool. Drew crawled from the pool and drug a cushioned chase over to Beau. "Bring Paige up here."
After Billy pulled out guys reached down and ripped her from the water and lay her down on the chase. Surrounding the chase guys stroked their cocks. Hearing Lonnie bellow, "Don't just sit there start sucking some dicks." Paige leaped forward and drew guys in for a multi cock swallowing. Five thrusts in her throat led to a new cock. She was dizzy from one after another.
"Two cocks in her mouth at one time." Lonnie bellowed.
She took Glenn and Drew at one time, her jaws wide and accepting. Her fingers kneading at their balls. Behind her Hector, Matt, and Mike stroked their cocks. Her hands reacting to their attention getter dick slaps on her shoulders. Her fingers move to coil and stroke others as her face is fucked by two dicks at once.
"That's better. Swarm that slut." Lonnie belted out to their disbelief. Over the next ten minutes Paige Turner's face was covered in cum. Her first taste of Bukkake. Paige loved every drop pelting her. She couldn't stop giggling even as she gurgled on cum in her mouth. Every guy there found a strange respect for Lonnie Turner. He was cool as hell letting them get away with this. As things were said and done Lonnie tells Beau to get their attention. Another whistle brings a face time with everyone involved. "Now that you bastards have had your fun let's get something straight. You fuckheads have less than three weeks before graduation. I expect you to keep your mouths shut about this. What you say after she has her diploma I could care less. That means no bragging. No whispering in the halls. No taunting Paige for more. No secret rendezvouses in God knows where. I know you punks know the truth or you wouldn't have arranged this party. I went along with it knowing you bastards were gonna trick her into sex. All good Fellas. Just protect my kid for a month more. Whatever she wants after that I'm okay with. Deal?"
A full thirteen men chant, "Yes Sir."
"Good! Now throw that lil slut in the pool to clean her off . Beau you have 30 minutes to bring her home. A second later I'll beat your ass."
Before Lonnie even ends his call he witnesses Paige being tossed into the pool. Surfacing she shrilly cries, "I LOVE YOU DADDY."
He offers a smirk. "29 minutes in Heaven Beau. Clock is ticking."
They hurried drying her off and got her dressed. She dances about going from boy to boy kissing them goodbye. They ate her up. Smiling hard Beau peels her away from them and to his car. A speedy drive across town Beau lets her off on the street in front of her home. Meeting them Lonnie makes his way to Beau's passenger side window. Leaning in Lonnie sneers, "Get your not really queer ass in my house and get some. I know you chickened out back there."
"Sir? I...I can't. I really do like Paige."
"Last chance."
Engine off Beau bolts from his car and grabs Paige in the living room. She yelps laughing as he drags her to her bedroom. It wasn't hard to find a stuffed Teddy Bear. Beau proved then and there he wasn't gay. Lonnie let him fuck her for two hours straight. Condom worn. Only one of the day sadly. He was a gentleman. The only one.
Lonnie sat in the living room watching the Nanny cam video of Josh a week earlier. Recalling the desire Josh had to see her with all of his friends he sighs.
"She's liking these gangbangs a bit too much." He listens to the mice chattering in her bedroom. Swigging his beer he chuckles. "Fuck! Who isn't?"
Lonnie gave up being sensible.