This is Heather's second adventure, following her nude day at school. All parties included in this story are 18 years of age or over.
After Heather's dive into exhibitionism she was the talk of the town. She loved how many pictures and videos of her exploits surfaced online. It was an unintended consequence, but she found the idea of anyone being able to see her naked whenever they wanted exciting. Overnight her reputation shifted from being a nice, well mannered girl, to somewhat of a local celebrity.
Her parents were surprisingly cool about the whole thing. Learning that their sweet daughter was in the midst of an exhibitionist streak was hard to process, but at the end of the day, Heather was 18 now and free to live her own life.
Now that the word was out, Heather took every opportunity she could to feed her desires. She got naked every chance she got. She never took her adventures back to school though, her parents made her promise that her desires wouldn't get in the way of school. She was in her last quarter of High School, and didn't want to ruin her chances at a good college.
Heather's new hobby definitely made her one of the more popular kids at school. She was always the first one to suggest going skinny dipping or streaking. Occasionally after completing a dare she'd even remain nude for the remainder of the party. The feeling of air and eyes on her nude body made her feel high.
With spring in full effect, she could very often be found sunbathing nude in her backyard. She didn't mind that the neighbors would take the occasional peek. She was beginning to build quite the tan under the hot May sun. She was quite proud of her lack of tan lines.
Heather knew what she was doing. As days were getting later, she always made a point of still being out tanning and swimming in the evening on days when she knew her dad and his friends would come over for a beer or BBQ. She loved showing off for all her friends, but being nude in front of grown men felt different. She felt much more vulnerable and small, which she was starting to love. Her petite frame being eyed up and down by men made her feel like a little play toy.
She knew none of them would actually touch her, or they'd face the wrath of her father. It was an exciting dynamic.
None of her exploits ever stacked up to her adventure at school, however. Sunbathing, being dared to flash friends, the occasional late night streak. They were all still a blast, but they started to bring her less of the rush she craved.
Her mind kept drifting back to the feeling of being nude, at the mercy of a crowd, with no lifeline. The feeling was indescribable.
Another thought was beginning to nag at her more and more. Who wrote that rule allowing nudity at school? Why did they write that rule? It wasn't as if it was some sort of loop hole she stumbled across, it was an explicit rule. What purpose did it serve? Did someone secretly hope someone would end up going to school naked? This led to another rabbit hole. Were there rules like this anywhere else?
This curiosity became a light hoby of hers. Combing through school rules as well as city, county, and state laws on the hunt for any similar rules about nudity. If there was one, maybe there were more! As much as she craved public nudity and exposure, her sexual fantasies weren't worth going to jail over.
One day she found something. She was only half paying attention at the time. She had a habit of watching porn while she hunted for nudity laws.
Under the laws prohibiting public indecency, she found a subsection that felt like striking gold. "Nudity in public shall only be allowed during city events, unless explicitly prohibited".
"Hmmmmm...", Heather thought.. "Unless explicitly prohibited..."
Heather began to think of all of the flyers and websites she's seen for the city's happenings. What are the odds that they actually know about this law, or feel the need to ban nudity?
After some tireless scrolling, her inclination was correct. No where in any of the city law's annexes expanded upon this law, and none of the city's events had a section banning nudity. Heather was beaming. It was time to start planning.
She wanted to be careful with her plan. She worried that once she drew attention to this law, people would surely take action to correct the law.
Heather began combing through upcoming city events, hunting for her target. Finally it hit her. The city's weekly summer market was starting up at the end of the week, the Saturday Festival. It was a weekly event the city puts on that includes a farmers market, food trucks, and a small concert stage during late spring and summer.
Although the thought terrified her, Heather was lost in her own mind. It's almost as if she didn't even make the decision to go there nude herself, it was as if the moment she saw the event her fate was sealed.
This was a step up from her school adventure. Although most of her classmates would most definitely be there, so would the rest of the town. People loved the Saturday market. Thousands of people would surely be in attendance. She knew she was about to go from the friendly school exhibitionist, to the town slut.
Heather wasn't sure if it was the porn, or the idea of her new plan but she was spiraling within her own arousal. Sitting nude in front of her computer, the teen's hands began traveling up and down her petite body. Twisting her nipples, rubbing her wet pussy.
Suddenly she stood up. Walking towards her bedroom door and creaking it open. Listening. She heard nothing. Her parents were still at work.
With a mischievous smile, the naked teen creeped out of her room, tiptoeing down the hallway. Without even a second's hesitation, Heather flung her front door open. The warm spring air caressed every inch of her tan body. She continued walking forward, pinching her niples as she walked. The warm cement felt amazing under her bare feet.
Heather finally reached the sidewalk, standing in broad daylight, she scanned her neighborhood. Any passerbys would have quite the view.
She sat down on the edge of the sidewalk facing the street. The hot cement on her butt almost made her gasp. Heather immediately started masturbating. Her tight young body writhed, and glistened under the sun. In full view of the street and neighborhood, Heather began moaning, as she rubbed her clit faster and faster.
Her orgasm hit her like a train. Heather threw her head back, spreading her legs and laying down on her back. She was practically screaming as wave after wave of orgasm washed over her body. If someone passed by she couldn't run for cover even if she wanted to.
Heather layed there, shaking.
"It's been too long.." Heather giggled to herself, as she got up, running for the safety of her home. It had been a long time since she'd done anything that brazen.
As the week progressed, Heather was becoming almost cripplingly nervous. Her hands shook at dinner, she could barely pay attention in class, some nights she could barely sleep, thinking of her task at hand.
As Saturday approached, Heather began to visualize her adventure more and more. Although she was still terrified, she knew she was about to carry out a fantasy only a very small handful of exhibitionists would ever have the nerve to. Even though she was scared, she knew she was brave enough to follow through. This thought made her feel more powerful than words could explain.
Finally Saturday arrived. Heather spent most of the day pacing around, pretending to act normal. Her parents had some friends over, and they were all enjoying the spectacular weather in the backyard. It was going to be an amazing day to be nude.
Her time finally arrived. She let the market get started for around 30 minutes, making sure there were plenty of people there. If she was going to do this, she wanted the biggest bang for her buck.
Heather stood up, leaving the safety of the backyard, tiptoeing towards the front door. She looked around nervously, making sure no one from the party could see her. In one swift motion, she tossed her summer dress over her head. She stood for a moment, dress in hand, admiring her tight young body in the mirror before hanging the garment on the coat hanger. She'd braided her blond hair into pig-tails specially for today. She loved to play into her "innocent little girl" persona on her adventures.
Heather wasn't even fully sure what her end-game was. She figured just a slow lap around the fair would suffice. She did know one thing for sure: no lifelines. Heather didn't want any way of covering up or going back too easily once she got started.
She kicked off her flip flops and lifted a trembling hand towards the door. She was already incredibly aroused. She was at the precipice of her biggest adventure yet.
She swung the door open, quickly closing it behind her before her parents or their friends noticed. She was beaming. Clasping her hands behind her back, she strutted down the driveway.
The sun felt amazing. All of her senses were in complete overdrive. She felt so amazingly exposed as she walked out into the neighborhood, her bare feeting pattering on the cement as she moved.
Heather enjoyed looking down at her small breasts jiggling freely as she walked, her hands now twirling her braided hair. She swayed her hips back and forth as she walked, proudly displaying her little body to the world.
She was clearly enjoying herself. It was always a nerve-wracking countdown starting once she set off on one of her adventures, as to who would be the first one to catch her walking around in public?
She wouldn't have to wonder for too long. Just as she started to feel a little more calm, Heather heard the unmistakable sound of a car turning around the block towards her. Her heart jumped into her throat. Determined, she made sure to keep her arms from covering herself up.
The car passed slowly, revealing a very dismayed man in the driver's seat. She smiled, and waived as he passed her. She turned to make sure he could see her for as long as possible.
Now she was horny. It was always nerve wracking being seen at first, but once she was, it was as if she broke the seal. Now she felt unleashed. She bit her lip as she continued to walk.
"I hope he thinks about me later..", she giggled to herself.
The warm spring sun, and slight breeze tickled every inch of Heather's body. She loved being able to feel the air over her entire body. It made her feel incredibly free and uninhibited. She couldn't believe more people wouldn't want the chance to experience these feelings.
Heather's family lived fairly close to downtown, so her walk was just under a mile. As she drew closer to the street the fair was on, her run-ins continued to increase. The naked girl was practically skipping, smiling from ear to ear, greeting passerbys, taking every opportunity to let curious onlookers drink in her exposed, toned body.
The crowd began to get more dense the closer she got to the fair. Heather's nerves started to run out of control. She held her hands behind her back as she smiled shyly, leaving her body on display as she walked.
She could see the fair in the distance. It was packed... Heather scampered over to a tree line near the edge of the farmers market, taking cover behind a large oak tree. Pressing her body against the tree's bark, peeking out to survey her target.
"Holy fuck... What am I doing?" Heather thought to herself.
The market was absolutely packed. Not only was it the warmest day of the year, but it was the first Saturday Festival of the summer. It was no wonder why there was such a large turn out.
Heather was in quite the predicament. Even if she decided to chicken out, she was still about a mile away from her clothes. As she thought, she found herself rubbing her body slowly back and forth against the tree she was sheltering behind. To her surprise it actually felt great. One of the things she loved the most about being nude, is the ability to feel sensations in a whole new light.
"My first tree hug!" The nude teen giggled to herself. She knew there'd be many more to come.
Something must have been wrong with Heather's brain, because on her adventures fear seemed to lead directly to arousal. The more her nervousness snowballed, the hornier she started feeling. She loved the danger.
Heather's hand found its way down her firm body, eventually finding her wet pussy. Her fingers rubbed small circles on her clit as she stared out behind the tree, imagining what it'd feel like to be naked in the middle of the crowd. How were people going to take it? Would people be angry? Would people try to touch her? Heather bit her lip, moaning slightly, imagining some of the men she saw in the distance grabbing her playing with her in front of everyone.
"Fuck it!" She whispered, she came all the way here, this was a once in a lifetime experience, Heather decided it was time to live out another fantasy. She was quickly overcome with a desire to offer up her naked body to the town.
Heather stepped out behind the cover of the tree.
"No covering up!!" She repeated to herself, like a mantra bolstering up her courage.
Heather clasped her hands behind her back, determined, moving towards the crowd of people ahead of her. She was surprised how long it took to notice the naked girl walking around in broad daylight.
"Holy fuck!" A voice rang out.
All of a sudden the attention of the crowd shifted towards her. Heather smiled, blushing deeply. She looked down at her bare feet and she walked towards the crowd. There must have been at least a hundred eyes now fixed on the naked teen.
Heather finally reached the edge of the farmers market. She made her way into the center of the crowd. She had people on all sides of her now. This was a far more insane feeling than she ever imagined. This wasn't just her school, she felt like the whole city was watching her now.
Waves of arousal watched over her body. Her cheeks and chest were flush, her nipples hardened as she pushed her petite body through the crowd. People looked in disbelief as the naked girl moved slowly.
The feeling of her body occasionally brushing up against the clothed market's attendees drove her mad. It felt like she was drunk. She smiled and admired all of the people looking her up and down in disbelief. It was as if she could actually feel people's eyes caressing her body.
She was determined to complete her lap as slow as possible, she wanted this moment to last.
Finally someone acknowledged her.
"Are you ok?!" A woman asked in utter shock. She began taking her coat off to try and cover the naked girl.
Heather held out her hands to stop the woman.
"I've never been better!" Heather glamed.
"Why on earth are you naked?" The concerned woman continued, still obviously unsure of what was happening.
"Call it a personal dare," Heather winked. "It's all perfectly legal!"
The moment the crowd saw how friendly Heather was, she was bombarded with compliments, questions, and greetings. The more people interacted with her, the longer their attention was turned to her, which was exactly what she wanted.
Holding her hands behind her back, she wandered through the market, feeling the warm cement under her tiny bare feet, pretending to browse the goods at each stand. The longer she walked around, the more aroused she became. The market was mostly crowded with much older adults. She loved how exposed, tiny, and vulnerable she felt moving past the men. She felt like prey taunting her hunters. She always looked up at them sweetly, almost daring them to do something.
Her labito was beginning to get the best of her as she neared a particularly dense part of the crowd. The tomato stands were particularly popular, as the first summer harvest was now underway. The teen smiled and squeezed her small breasts, as she moved into the crowd.
Heather could have climaxed on the spot. Walking and showing off was one thing, touching herself, and acting openly sexual was another. She couldn't believe the waves of arousal now coursing through her body as her fingers finally made their way to her nipples, pinching and squeezing each one. Heather bit her lip, breathing heavy, as she drank in the mixed looks of disbelief and hunger. She'd never felt so confident and badass.
"Who else would ever be crazy enough to do this?" Heather laughed to herself. She found herself wandering smack dab through the middle of her biggest fantasy.
Heather was now smushed shoulder to shoulder in the crowd. She practically had a person pressed up against every side of her.
Finally it happened. She felt a pair of hands to begin to feel and squeeze her ass.
Heather gasped. She felt scared for a moment. Trapped in between the people, there was no real way of escaping. Her fear was short lived, however, as arousal began to triumph over her other emotions.
Heather stopped allowing the mysterious hands to travel over her backside. She turned around to see who was touching her so boldly. Her eyes met a surprisingly handsome man. He was fairly built. It was no wonder why she felt so tiny in his hands.
He smiled and apologized.
"I'm sorry, I just couldn't help myself," he chuckled. "I guess I should have asked.. Do you mind if I touch you?"
Heather smiled and blushed, looking around at all the other people around her watching and waiting to see what she did.
The crowd was dense, not many other people outside of the ten to twenty people tightly packed around her could see what was going on. It almost served as a veil of privacy to the thousands of other people at the festival.
Heather's chest and cheeks began to glow bright red as she mustered the courage to respond.
"Do whatever you want with me..." Heather smiled mischievously, putting on a phony sense of bravery. On the inside she felt as if she was on the verge of exploding.
She moved her hands up to her blonde braids, twirling them between her fingers, biting her lower lip, and staring up obediently at the man in front of her. She pushed her small breasts outward to him, presenting her whole body to him.
Time felt like it was standing still as Heather waited anxiously to see what he'd do to her in front of everyone. He appeared to be surprised by her bold response, standing there for a few seconds, eyeing the young teen up and down, contemplating.
Finally his hands reached out, grabbing Heather by the hips. His hands nearly touched as they wrapped around her tiny waist. His firm touch slowly traveled up her bare body, finally meeting her small breasts, pinching a nipple in each hand.
Heather's hands remained attached to her braids, giving him free range over her body. Her mind and body were spiraling, she was exposed, vulnerable, on display to everyone around her, and now surrendering herself to an older man she'd never met. She knew she should feel ashamed, but in reality she felt the exact opposite.
She audibly moaned as the man continued to play with her nipples. Her body was already on display, now her obvious arousal was too.
"You're liking this, aren't you?" The man asked, staring down at Heather.
"Mhmmm, yes daddy.." Heather moaned, nodding her head up and down. She moved her hands behind her back further surrendering her front side to him.
Her audience stood and watched. The people outside of the circle had no idea what they were missing. Men and women alike appeared to enjoy the show. It wasn't every day you get to witness something so brazen. Beyond this, the view of a beautiful young girl surrendering herself to a strong, confident man was too primal of a display for anyone to look away.
Heather gasped as she felt one of his hands leave her breasts, traveling down and meeting her wet pussy. His hand began to move in tight, circular motions over her clit. Her hips began slowly thrusting, complimenting his movements.
"Holy shit, she's loving this!" A woman exclaimed.
"Get it girl!" Another cheered.
Heather was breathing heavily, moaning, and squirming in the man's firm grasp. Never breaking eye contact with him, staring up submissively. With each passing second she felt herself creeping towards climax.
"Please make me cum daddy.. Please let me cum in front of everyone.." Heather begged in her now shaky voice.
The man chuckled quietly, "I don't want to ruin the fun just yet!"
His hand left her pussy. Before she could react she spun her around, grabbing her wrists, and holding her hands firmly behind her back. She now faced the crowd. Flushed, panting, her wetness now running down her thighs. She felt him push her forward.
Her body obeyed his movements. She was lost in an erotic daze, pratically hyptotized. Even feeling the warm cement under her bare feet sent shivers of excitement up her small body as she slowly walked forward.
"Anyone else want a turn?" The man asked the surrounding crowd.
Heather nearly squealed when he realized what he was doing. The crowd beamed with excitement.
"That's ok with you, isn't it?" He asked playfully.
Heather bit her lip, slowly nodding her head.
"Do whatever you want with me.." She whimpered to her on-lookers, her mischievous smile now returning.
The crowd wasted no time. She now felt what must have been at least 10 pairs of hands on her body. The feeling was incredible. People felt every inch of her body, squeezing her thighs, pinching her nipples, rubbing her pussy. Another man reached his hand out towards her face, she obediently began sucking his finger.
Heather looked around at all the people now taking advantage of her in public. She was a toy being passed around freely amongst the crowd. Some people found it to be merely a funny spectacle to watch, others were clearly excited by the situation.
Heather began thrusting her hips back and forth once again. Some unknown pair of hands were doing amazing work on her pussy. She felt her orgasm creeping up once again. Her gaze traveled from person to person. Their eyes were glued to her tiny, writhing body.
She felt herself approaching the point of no return, moaning loudly, bucking her hips faster and faster.
The man pulled her away once again. She felt the hands leave her body. She was devastated. She was so close. She was desperate.
He pulled her back into the middle of the circle, placing her in the middle and taking a step back.
"You want to cum now, don't you?" The man asked teasingly, loud enough for everyone to hear.
"YES.. Please.. Please..." Heather begged, looking up at him as she continued to feel her own body up and down.
"I think you've earned it," He laughed. "I want you to turn around, and tell the crowd what a good little slut you are."
Heather wasted no time turning around, "I'm a good little slut!", she announced loudly.
"Again..", he demanded
"I'm a good little slut!!" She yelled even louder to her enthusiastic crowd.
"What do you want to do?" The man asked playfully, with a devilish grin.
"I wanna fuck my pussy, and make myself cum for everyone daddy.. Please?" Heather whimpered, twisting her nipple with one hand, and feeling the warm, wet area around her pussy with the other.
"Good girl.. Go ahead." He gave his permission.
"Thank you daddy!" Heather exclaimed.
She massaged her breast while her free hand wasted no time making it to her pussy. She quickly massaged her clit as she stared hungrily at the crowd around her. She couldn't wait for everyone to watch her cum.
She was putting on quite the display and moaned, writhed, even biting her own finger. Something was so exhilarating about freely showing and giving the world every inch of herself.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck..." Heather repeated as she once again began to near orgasm, her fingers were now plunged deep within her soaking pussy, coming out occasionally to continue rubbing her clit.
She was about to go over the ledge when she felt a pair of hands grab her by the elbow, pulling her swiftly away from the crowd.
"Heather what the fuck are you doing?!" A voice rang in her ear.
Heather was in shock, she couldn't believe she'd just been denied another orgasm. She looked up to find her highschool friends group. She knew they were going to be at the market, but she didn't think they'd find her so quickly, let alone at such a critical moment.
Finally making it away from her previous audience, her friends moved her into the middle of them. Passer-byes looked in disbelief as the hopelessly horny, naked teen was dragged around.
"No, no, no, no... Guys.. I was so close to cumming!" Heather exclaimed, clearly upset and disheveled.
"Heather.. What the hell are you doing! Walking around naked, masturbating at the Saturday festival?!" Her friend Grace asked her.
Heather attempted to collect herself, still flushed and hot, she tried to neaten her messy hair.
"I found out nudity is legal here too.." Heather laughed, looking up at her friends.
"After my naked school day I needed more.. But I didn't want to mess my grades up," She explained.
"So you decided to just walk around naked downtown on the busiest day of the year?" Grace laughed.
"You have to try it.. " Heather cooed to her friends. "I've never felt so alive. So excited. So free."
Heather's friends watched her explain herself, as her hands traveled up and down her body, smiling at the people walking by that took time to look at her body. Her experience at school clearly transformed Heather. Her friends were watching their cute, innocent friend turn into a bold exhibitionist.
"Wow, you really like this, don't you," Grace responded. She couldn't take her eyes off of her friend's naked body.
"So what is your goal? Are you trying to make it somewhere?" Her friend Henry asked.
"I was planning on just doing a full lap around the farmers market, and then making it home before I caused a riot.. But now I'm too turned on. I need to cum. You should have seen it.. I had a whole crowd watching me, feeling me. I was so close." Heather said, reminiscing on a moment that had only happened a couple of minutes ago.
"Oh we saw!" Grace laughed. "We couldn't tell if you were in trouble or not!"
"In trouble?! I was in heaven!" Heather stammered, grabbing Henry and Grace by their shirts, and pressing her nude body against them.
A crowd was beginning to form around them. Since the crowd wasn't packed shoulder to shoulder anymore, many more people at a time could see the naked teen causing a scene. It was time to move.
"Come on guys, let's help Heather finish this lap before something happens," Grace laughed, grabbing Heather's hand and walking forward.
Heather couldn't believe her friends just disregarded her desperate pleads to cum. Still trapped in a hyptontic state of arousal she felt like she would do anything, or fuck anything for a release.
Much to her delight, her friends took turns holding her hands, slapping her ass and feeling her breasts as they moved. All the while leaving her on display for the crowd. She missed the older man she'd met earlier. Her young friends were much more timid and shy. But at least she had a security detail now.
Grace was clearly enjoying walking around, presenting her naked friend to everyone. Heather didn't know it at the moment, but Grace was going to prove to be an amazing partner in crime for her future escapades.
Suddenly the group stopped.
"Ooooo, I kinda want to go check that stand out!" Grace exclaimed, looking towards a stand selling brightly colored knit bags.
Grace looked back to Heather, who couldn't care less about where they were, or what the stand was selling. Heather was clearly just drinking in all of the attention and feeling the warm sun on her all over her body.
Grace grinned as she had an idea she thought Heather might like, that'd buy her at least a minute to go check out the bags. She grabbed Heather by the hand and led her towards a group of teens their age.
Heather blushed, as she recognized them from school. Grace positioned her in front of the group.
"Do you guys mind watching my toy while I go check those bags out really quick?" Grace asked non-shcelauntly.
"You're welcome to play with her!" Grace said, pushing Heather into the group of teens, and walking towards the bag stand.
Heather clasped her hands behind her back, as her classmates looked up and down every inch of her body. She loved the shock and awe of a group of her classmates who knew her as a shy innocent girl, now seeing her as an exhibitionist slut.
Still hopelessly aroused, and enjoying the power and affect her naked body was having on them, and wanted to play with them.
"You can touch me.." Heather said playfully to one of the boys in the crowd, walking over to him, "I'll do anything you want me to".
The boy's shaky, nervous hands made their way to her breasts. It was clear he wasn't very experienced with girls.
Heather moaned, as he continued to massage her boobs. The rest of the group timidly began to feel their naked classmate's body. Heather made a lap around the group slowly, making sure everyone had a turn with her.
"Why are you doing this?" One of the girls asked.
"Because.. " Heather cooed, biting her lip. "I love being a naked little slut in public."
Heather moved over to the girl seductively. Heather grabbed her hand, and began submissively sucking on her finger, looking up at her hungry eyes.
Heather grinned as she moved the girl's hand down to her wet pussy. The girl gasped, blushing deeply.
"Doesn't it feel good?" Heather moaned, breathing deeply as the girl slowly started to move her hand on her own.
Heather's hands traveled up to her breasts and began playing with her nipples as her classmate continued to slowly and nervously finger her. A crowd was slowly beginning to form around the teens. Heather loved the amount of attention now on her once again.
"Please make me cum in front of everyone.. Make me your little public slut." Heather said, now staring deeply into the girl's eyes.
The girl's hand was now moving quicker and quicker on Heather's clit.
"Please, please please, yes, yes, yes.." Heather began to moan loudly as she again started to approach orgasm once again.
Suddenly less shy, the girl grabbed the back of Heather's head, pulling it towards hers and plunging her tongue deep into Heather's mouth.
The crowd stood in awe as the two teens made out aggressively, Heather's naked body on full display, her hips grinding onto the girl's leg as she continued fingering her soaking pussy.
Like clockwork, Heather felt a hand grab her by the arm, pulling her away from her new lover.
Grace dragged her away from the group of teens, pressing further into the market.
"GRACE WHY???" Heather pleaded. "I was so close"
Grace threw her head back, laughing as the two walked along.
"I'm beginning to discover how fun it is to torture you," Grace said, still laughing.
"Grace please, I'm begging you.." Heather said, half laughing, half crying.
"Don't worry. I'll let you cum, but I get to choose when and where," Grace said with a devilish grin.
Heather blushed. She was submissive by nature, and loved being controlled. It was clear Grace was taking charge of today's adventure, and Heather obediently followed. It turned on even more knowing that even her orgasm belonged to someone else.
"C'mon! There's a band playing today, let's go dance!" Grace suggested cheerily.
Everyone in the small group of friends agreed, Heather felt her nerves bolt back up again, surely the concert area would be the most crowded part of the festival. But then again, she did have an entourage accompanying her to keep her safe. Plus, it didn't seem like she had much say in the matter by the look on Grace's face. It was starting to look like this wasn't going to be the quick streak Heather had planned.
Grace and Henry held each of Heather's hands as they walked, making it impossible to cover up even if Heather wanted to. The group marched onward, smiling, as if nothing was out of the ordinary. Anytime they heard a cheer or applause for their naked friend they'd stop to show her off. Holding her hands behind her back, and giving anyone who seemed interested a good look.
Heather, still in a daze, was loving being paraded around and shown off so brazenly. She took advantage of the fact that her friends were there to protect her, and made no efforts to conceal her excitement. She swayed her hips seductively as she walked, her small butt and breasts jiggling as her bare feeting smacked against the pavement.
The sound of music began to grow louder as the group walked towards the concert area. The rumble of bass and cheering started becoming clearer and clearer. Even from a distance they could tell how packed it was.
Grace looked down at her friend to find a surprisingly nervous Heather.
"Don't worry! I'm not going to let anything happen to you!" Grace spoke loudly into Heather's ear over the music.
"Not that you don't want to happen at least!" Grace laughed, smacking Heather's ass.
Heather giggled, jumping slightly at the unexpected spank.
Still giggling, Heather grabbed Grace, pulling her tightly against her naked body, looking up sweetly into her friend's eyes.
"I trust you!" Heather yelled, as she reached up, kissing her friend passionately.
Grace blushed, smiling back at her friend in shock. As they neared the concert area she continued watching her friend. She was so confident and free. She was lost in the way the sun was bouncing off of her smooth skin. You could see the faint outlines of her hip bones as she moved. Her flushed chest and hard nipples stark reminders of her friend's arousal. It was impossible to be next to someone this beautiful and horny without it rubbing off a little.
Heather slowed as they reached the edge of the concert. Everyone's attention was fixed on the stage, enjoying the performance. Almost no one noticed the naked teen standing right behind them.
"Ready?" Grace asked loudly.
Heather nodded slowly, blushing and breathing deeply. The size of the crowd scared her, but the idea of being dancing and displaying herself drove her mad.
Grace grabbed both of Heather's hands, and began pushing her forward into the crowd.
Heather smiled, biting her lower lip playfully has she was forced through the dancing people. Some people cheered, others looked in dismay as they watched Grace leading her nude friend through the crowd.
Heather's mind was swirling out of control. Her skin was nearly hot to the touch. Grace was practically using her to clear a path through the crowd in the direction of the stage. With every group they passed, Heather's nude body was pressed up against several people.
After what felt like eternity, the group found a perfect spot. A very small clearing in the crowd, close to the stage, where they could spread out just enough to dance.
Grace released Heather's hands. Heather turned around, looking nervously at Grace wondering what her next order was.
"Go ahead!" Grace yelled, "Dance your little heart out!"
Heather turned around slowly, her hands shook with fear and excitement as her eyes met the crowd around her. Heather began timidly swaying her hips back and forth with the beat. Her hands traveling up and down her body almost as if she was showing off a trophy to the crowd..
The audience around Heather diverted their attention away from the stage, towards the naked girl.
Heather began to get more and more bold as she freely danced in the middle of the crowd. Her braids flung in every direction as she twirled. Her boobs and ass jiggled freely and unrestrained. Her skin glistened in the sun as a small layer of sweat began to build with her efforts.
She loved all of the eyes she had on her, she took evey chance she got to meet the hungry eyes of her on lookers with her own. Every so often taking the chance to squeeze her breasts and ass to the approval of the crowd.
Heather invited others to dance with her, rubbing her petite body against other concert goers.
One brave on looker joined her, taking Heather by the hand, and twirling her around. Their bodies met, and the two began grinding to the beat, his hands traveling up and down her body. Heather grabbed his hands, guiding them up to her breasts. It felt amazing feeling so exposed, being felt by clothed crowd.
Heather moved from person to person, rubbing her body against theirs. Guiding their hands up and down her body as she pleased. Her friends danced, laughed and watched their naked friend.
Eventually the sensations began to be too much to bear. All of the eyes and hands over Heather's naked body were beginning to drive her over the edge. She moved back into the middle of the opening, dancing seductively, feeling the eyes on her body.
She looked down at her body. She loved the way her skin now shined with sweat. She could see her erect nipples, the slight outline of her rips as she breathed. Her naked feet were starting to get dirty from all the walking and dancing.
Her hand traveled down to her pussy, she moaned as she began rubbing her clit in front of all her on-lookers. She felt so naughty. Not an inch of clothing, and over a mile away from any cover, rubbing her wet pussy in front of a crowd of strangers.
Suddenly Heather's trance was shattered. The band broke the music, making some announcement that Heather didn't initially understand. All eyes turned to her, smiling, as if they knew something she didn't.
The band spoke again.
"Hey you! Naked girl! Why don't you come dance up here!" The lead singer taunted. He clearly noticed how many people's attention was turned so something that wasn't the band.
Heather stood, frozen in shock. Never in a million years did she anticipate having this much attention on her during this little escapade of hers.
Grace grabbed Heather's shoulders, turning her towards her.
"Go!" Grace yelled to her friend, daring her to go through with it.
Heather stood there, staring back at her friend, mouth agape, still frozen in shock.
Grace leaned down, pressing her check against Heathers, and whispering in her ear.
"And if it becomes too much.. I give you permission to finish.." Grace said in her friend's ear playfully.
Before she could react, Heather felt her friends pushing her in the direction of the stage.
Dozens of eyes drank in every inch of her body as she passed by. When Heather reached the stage, the lead singer, a handsome bearded man, was already reaching his hand out, waiting to pull her up onto stage.
Heather was on complete autopilot. It was impossible for her to fully process the reality of her situation.
A firm hand wrapped around her forearm, as she was hoisted up onto the stage. The singer led her to the center of the stage, turning her around slowly for the crowd to see.
Heather wanted to scream. She blushed deeply, her hands shaky and sweaty. Walking through a crowd was one thing, but being above the crowd where the entire festival could see her was a completely different experience. There were thousands of people in the audience.
Heather stood for a while on the stage looking out into the crowd. She now stood nude in front of her entire city. Some certainly recognized her, but now no one would forget her.
The singer leaned towards Heather with the microphone. Heather thought she was about to die.
"So tell me, what are you doing running around the festival naked, is this some sort of dare?" The singer asked in a humorous tone, now pointing the microphone to Heather.
"I.. I just wanted everyone to see me naked," Heather responded coyly, her voice echoing across the crowd, still blushing deeply.
"How 'bout that!" The singer laughed, as he walked back towards his band, the crowd laughing and cheering at Heather's response.
As the band began to play, Heather tried to muster the courage to dance along. Her cheeks and chest still bright red, as she began swaying her hips back and forth, her hands twirling each of her braids. If she already went this far, she might as well play along. This is what she wanted wasn't it? To show herself to the entire world?
As the music went on, Heather began to feel more comfortable. The initial shock began to wear off as she began moving her body more and more confidently. She couldn't believe how many people were watching her.
Heather's head was spinning. She danced around slowly, taking notice to how the crowd reacted to her movements. She moved her hips from side to side as she playfully felt her body, taking time to squeeze and display her small breasts for the crowd and slap and squeeze her ass. As time passed, she even began to rub her pussy and suck on her fingers seductively.
The crowd was eating it up. At least a thousand people of all ages were drinking in the sight of the free spirited teen dancing, exhibiting, and touching her body for the whole world to see.
Heather couldn't believe the feelings welling up inside her. She never thought things would have ever gone this far, but here she was, putting on a show for her entire city. The cute, innocent little girl's transformation was complete.
Her movements slowly began to transition from dancing to just plain showing and touching herself.
Adrenaline and nerves began to to be overtaken with her feelings of exposure and arousal. She continued to sway her hips back and forth as she began rubbing her wet pussy quicker and quicker, twisting her nipple in her other hand.
Heather was in exhibitionist heaven. She moaned loudly as she continued to finger herself, lookout out at the vast crowd. People continued to cheer her on, as her eyes met her friends. She saw Grace staring up at her.
The two stared at each other for a moment, both in disbelief. Finally, Heather saw Grace attempting to yell something to her. She couldn't hear Grace, but she saw her mouth wording "keep going"! Grace was challenging her to go all the way.
Heather didn't know if she would be able to stop even if she wanted to. She felt the initial waves of an orgasm welling up from deep inside her. She kept going, faster and faster. Wetness now pouring from her pussy, she slid past the point of no return.
Her knees instantly buckled as the first wave of her climax hit her. Heather collapsed down to her knees as she screamed in ecstasy. One hand rubbing her clit with everything she had, the other tangled up in her shining blonde hair.
The crowd looked on in disbelief as they watched the teen yell and writhe in bliss.
Heather fell to her back, spreading her legs wide for the whole crowd to see. Her hips bucked wildly as she watched the faces of the crowd from down her nude body as wave after wave of orgasm washed over her.
By the time her climax subsided, Heather laid there on the stage, in a puddle of her own wetness, panting, covered in sweat. Her hands still moving up and down her body, still drinking in the attention.
She slowly sat up, legs still stretched outwards, pussy on full display to the crowd. People yelled and cheered enthusiastically. Heather swiped up some of the juices still on her pussy with her finger, sucking it off as she looked over her audience.
Heather looked down and found her friends once again, their mouths were all on the floor.
Almost as quickly as her orgasm started, Heather's nerves came crashing back following her release. Reality washed over her, as if she somehow forgot that she was sitting there naked in front of her entire town.
Heather stood up, jumping back into the crowd, running back to her friends. Heather ran straight into Grace's arms, laughing hysterically. Heather plunged her face into her friend's breasts, seemingly trying to hide from the world.
"I can't fucking believe you did it! Grace yelled, laughing equally as hard.
Grace held her naked friend, sweaty and shaking, still clearly coming down from her massive orgasm and performance.
Heather slowly looked up to Grace.
"Time to go.." Heather moaned in a shivery voice.
She'd found far more than what she set out looking for, and now it was time to get back to safety.
Nothing more needed to be said. Heather's friends once again grabbed her hands as they began running back through the crowd, Heather was showered in applause, cheering, and praise as they pushed away from the concert.
Before she knew it, her friends had run her back to the edge of the park, the Saturday Festival now behind them. Heather's lap was complete, all that was left was making it home in one piece.
Heather sighed in relief, as she let go of her friend's hands, leaning her bare back against one of the park's trees. Heather's hands still slowly traveled up and down her small body as her friends and the occasional passer by still watched her every move.
"Thank you guys.." Heather told her friends, voice still shaking. "This was beyond anything in my wildest dreams... I couldn't have done this without you."
Heather's friends showered her with compliments. They seemed just as shocked as Heather as to what they all just witnessed.
"I think I better go home now before I cause a riot," Heather giggled, "I got it from here!"
Heather stood up off the tree, giving each of her friends a tight hug. Their hugs seemed to linger. Feeling their friend's nude body was still an exciting experience.
She hugged Grace extra long, looking up to her friend, and kissing her deeply.
"See you soon?" Heather asked her friend playfully.
Grace blushed, nodding her head as Heather began to walk off, back into her neighborhood.
Heather was practically skipping, as she made her way back to her house. She was making sure to drink in the precious last moments of her public nudity, waving to passer-byes, and saying hi to all of her neighbors.
"I've really done it this time.." Heather thought to herself.
She'd already had a bit of a reputation from her nude day at school, but now the whole town would surely know her as the exhibitionist slut she was. She almost shuddered thinking of what her parents would think.
"MY PARENTS!!" She screamed internally.
Heather stopped dead in her tracks in front of her house, seeing all of the cars parked in front.
It was Saturday. Her parents were having their weekly BBQ party with all of their friends.
"How could I be so stupid?" Heather asked herself, panicking.
What was she going to do? Walk into her house naked, sweaty, covered in her own cum, ass red from being spanked? What were her parents and family friends going to say?
After hesitating for what seemed like a lifetime, Heather began to walk forward. It didn't seem like she had any other options.
She was shaking as she approached the front door, her bare feet smacking against the front porch as she walked.
A shivery hand reached forward, grabbing the metal door knob.
Heather took a deep breath, and twisted the door knob, slowly creaking the door open, checking for anyone that may be in the living room.
The coast seemed clear. Everyone must have been in the backyard. Heather snuck in, slowly swinging the door behind her.
Finally, some sense of cover and safety after today's insanity. Heather let a big breath of relief lose as she pressed her back against the wall, looking at her naked body in the mirror near the door. She loved what she saw.
It might have been vain, but Heather was obsessed with how good her body looked. It was no wonder everyone loved when she showed it off.
Finally, she turned towards the coat hook where she left her dress.
It was gone.
"What the fuck?!" Heather whispered to herself. "It was right here!"
Heather looked around in a panic. She thought she was coming home to the safety of her clothing, but her dress was nowhere to be seen.
If she left the small enclave of the front door area, she'd surely be seen by the party and have to explain herself. What was she going to say? What were people going to think?
Heather, panicking, started putting one foot in front of another as she left her temporary safety. Strangers and friends were one thing, but her parents party was definitely something else.
Heather slowly stepped out into the living room, now in full view of the kitchen and backyard. She saw a couple dozen adults laughing, talking, drinking.
Finally she was busted.
"Heather! There she is!" She heard her dad's friend call out to her smiling.
The attention of the party now turned to the naked teen, smiling shyly, blushing deeply.
"Why don't you come join us, and tell us about your day!"
To be continued...