All of my writing is fiction and the stories and characters are all products of my imagination. They were created for my fun and, hopefully, your enjoyment. Some of the events in the stories are not particularly condoned nor encouraged by the author but are there to create and enhance the story of the imaginary characters and their lives. Comments are always encouraged and carefully reviewed. All characters within the story that need to be are 18 years of age or older. Hope you enjoy!
This is the continuation of The New Boarder series, in which Sammi has moved in with Veronica and Larry, a young married couple, in order to attend her freshman year of college. Not a totally unusual situation but many interesting things develop. In this one, the interesting thing is a bit of unusual sexual activity. As mentioned above, comments are always welcome and reviewed.
* * * * *
Sammi awoke Saturday morning, still tired, and wishing she could sleep right through till Sunday. Almost. So much to remember ... so much to look forward to ... and even more to share with Veronica. The latter had just come up, something learned from a friend of hers that sounded a little terrifying while, at the same time, sounding daring and exciting. She wanted to share this with Veronica since she thought she might be adventurous enough to try it. And, having someone to share it might make it easier for Sammi too.
Over the top of all that, her mind was creating myriad fantasies about what might be happening this very night. She knew or at least thought she knew, that Larry was still in the dark about everything that had been happening ... and was going to happen. At least all the sexual things. She had to do something to reign in the pictures that were already confounding her efforts to be normal, whatever that might be today.
It was after eight so she decided to get up and face the day and whatever surprises it might have in store for her. Dressed in her usual T-shirt and now jeans due to the cooler weather, she headed downstairs, toward the magnetic aroma of frying bacon.
"Sammi, good morning," Veronica greeted her. That sounded innocent enough. But, with Larry not there yet Sammi also saw a very knowing smile aimed in her direction.
"Hi," Sammi responded. "That smells fantastic." She went to the stove to watch the bacon sizzle. "You gonna fix eggs too?"
"Soon as the bacon's done."
"Let me fix them."
"If you want to, sure." Veronica was happy to get some help as Larry wasn't going to be much help this morning.
Sammi eyed Veronica nervously.
"How come I'm getting that look?" Veronica questioned, knowing full well what the answer was.
"Not quite sure," Sammi answered. "I mean, you're getting that look because, well, because I don't know what's going to happen ..." Her voice just faded away.
Veronica smiled, aware that her silence was tormenting Sammi. "What do you want to happen?" Veronica asked innocently as Sammi cracked an egg on the edge of the skillet, the bacon that had been there now draining on paper towels spread on a plate.
"Scrambled okay?"
"Fine with me."
Sammi had no idea how to reply. It was hard to tell Veronica that she wanted to have sex with her husband or with her as she had hinted the other night. That latter thought was new and different for her but she was interested and excited. She decided to diverge slightly.
"Does Larry know anything about any of this?"
"Damn, there's grease splattered all over the stove. Good thing bacon tastes so good." She looked at Sammi. "To answer your question, does that matter?"
Veronica wasn't going to help her.
"That's not an answer, that's another question. But, what you said the other night. Are you going to make that happen? All of it?"
Now Veronica turned to face her. "I'll need help to make those things happen you know. And Larry will go along with anything we do, believe me."
Sammi cracked another egg. Two for you?" she asked.
"That's fine," Veronica replied, eying Sammi, anxious for an answer.
And I'll help." Sammi had retained some residual heat from the previous night with Andy.
"Larry thinks you're hot." Veronica laughed. "He wasn't sure he wanted a boarder but I told him you were probably hot so he agreed."
Sammi's cheeks reddened slightly — she knew she was hot. She had a mirror.
"Larry watches me, and I like it." She was surprised that she was admitting that to Veronica, but it was the truth. She did enjoy it. "He acts like he's not watching, but I know he is.
"I think he's seen way more of you than he should have. And, I think you made that happen." Veronica's statements weren't accusatory at all, just statements of fact.
"I did, and I enjoyed seeing him enjoy it." She was remembering the times she had been able to torment Larry, the very good-looking thirty-year-old.
"And finally, I benefitted with some great sex. It's fine with me if you get him hot and bothered because it makes the fucking great." She smiled at Sammi. "Now I guess it's time you get some benefits too. You ready? If you're ready for that, so am I. What the hell? I can't even imagine what that will be like."
"Um, me either." With Sammi's limited experience, she was sure that was true.
"Watching you with Andy made things better for Larry too," Veronica giggled. "I was a freaking wild woman after watching you two go at it that night. That, um, cock of his is something else."
"That was a total surprise to me, but I wasn't about to let him get away without taking advantage of it." She laughed, remembering the experience and that Veronica had been watching. "I calmed him down a little the second time." It was Sammi's turn to giggle.
Veronica had to laugh too, perhaps a tiny bit jealous. She'd certainly never had experience with anything akin to that. But, she was wondering.
Sammi had a surprise for her. "Talking about Andy reminded me of school, and that reminded me of something a friend of mine told me. I thought you might be interested, depending of course." She winked at Veronica, a coy smile on her face.
"Uh-oh," Veronica said. "Why am I suspicious? But go ahead."
"It's not exactly a club, more of a group I guess with both guys and girls and they play some sort of a game and finally one boy and one girl get naked and do a dance or something. She said she could get me in if I wanted and I asked if I could bring a friend." She extended a hand toward Veronica.
"A dance ...or something?" Veronica questioned. "Or something?" she repeated.
"I need to find out more details I guess, huh?" Sammi giggled, wondering herself whator somethingmight be.
"It's for you college girls isn't it?"
"You don't think you look like a college girl?"
"You really think I could pass?" Sammi saying that gently stoked Veronica's ego a bit.
"With those big hooters of yours, no one cares whether or not you're a college girl. But does that mean you'll do it?"
Veronica had a thoughtful look on her face. Big hooters was true for sure but she'd managed to keep them fairly private with just a couple of skinny dips when there's been too much alcohol around plus the one party her senior year of high school. She felt her face reddening slightly as she thought about those.
"There's always Larry to consider," she said, ignoring her face. "Not sure how he'd feel about me dancing naked in front of some college boys. And, now that I said it, I'm not sure how I'd feel about it either." Another laugh.
"You may not have to do anything, just watch others do it," Sammi said, trying to reassure Veronica ... and herself. Andy and Larry were one thing. A group of hormone-crazed college males was something else. But the group had been going for over two years with no problems so that shouldn't be an issue.
"Larry might be more receptive after, well, after whatever we decide for tonight." Veronica was eying Sammi cautiously as nothing concrete had been decided yet.
"I think our breakfast is getting cold," Sammi said, laughing and stuffing a piece of bacon in her mouth. "Easy to get distracted talking about that stuff."
"You have time today? Larry's playing golf and will be gone for a few hours. We could do a little planning and we can get him ready when evening gets here."
"We?" Sammi questioned.
"Those baggy shorts and that baggy T-shirt with no underwear should heat him up. Plus, I can be a little more physical than you can. We'll have him ready by bedtime." Another giggle.
They finished breakfast and Sammi had studied for an hour when there was a knock on her door.
"Ready to plan?" Veronica asked.
* * * * *
"How do we plan for this?" Veronica queried, not sure how to begin.
"I thought you'd know. You're the adult," Sammi laughed nervously.
"Right," Veronica said, returning the laugh.
"I guess neither of us has any experience at this ... either of the two things."
"I don't know, do we need to plan?" Veronica was wondering if they could just "wing it?"
"I don't know either. We kind of have an idea what to do with each other I guess." Sammi's face was reddening as she said that.
"Probably so," Veronica confirmed. "Maybe we just need to worry about Larry." Another nervous laugh. Once more Veronica realized she was talking about letting her husband have at least some sort of sexual encounter with this very pretty and very hot nineteen-year-old. She'd be there, participating somehow and she wasn't really worried about Larry ... she'd told herself that multiple times as she'd thought about doing it. Now she'd involved Sammi so there'd be no changing her mind.
They decided to head downstairs to the kitchen to continue the discussion.
Sammi had heard what Veronica said, the words, simple as they were, slamming into her psyche, causing her to tremble ever so slightly. It was one thing to semi-flash Larry, to give him a peek at more cleavage than he should have seen or even a glimpse of the fringe of her muff. Naked contact with him while his wife watched would be very different. Even different from the oral encounter in the kitchen just a few days ago.
Veronica took a deep breath. "Might as well face it. What are you willing to do?" She was warily eying Sammi. Not that she didn't trust her. It was just ...
"What are you willing to let me do?" Sammi countered.
"Shit, I don't know. If you don't fuck him once we get started he'll be disappointed as hell."
"Then I'll fuck him, as long as you fuck him too." She was looking at Veronica in order to judge her reaction.
"Okay." Veronica giggled. "Larry will be worn out by the time tonight is over."
"When it is over, I'll go to my room. I don't want to ... well..."
"Intrude?"
A pause, and then loud laughter from both.
"Let me change the subject for a second," Veronica said, heading toward a kitchen cabinet. "Cheez-Its?" she asked, taking a box from a shelf.
"Sure."
"The Cheez-It's aren't the change of subject. Tell me more about the group thing at school."
Sammi shrugged. "I wish I knew more. I told you about the game and stuff."
"Yeah, sounds like you play the game and at the end, a couple of people get naked." Veronica sounded confident and ready to do that.
"I think people lose clothes along the way until someone is finally naked. You could end up with bare boobs and panties still on and not lose." She smiled at Veronica.
"Oh shit. So, everyone probably loses some clothes." She shook her head. "So, that's a little different then."
"Probably makes it more fun, though."
"Mostly for the guys I think."
"Except the guys usually have on fewer clothes than the girls so they get bare faster." Sammi laughed.
Veronica laughed too, a kind of hollow laugh as she still wasn't quite sure about Sammi's plan. She was thinking about tonight and what was going to happen, whatever it might be. She was the one who had started it, had gotten a little drunk and made the suggestions to Sammi who had eventually agreed to them. But would Sammi and Larry have sex with her watching? She knew that was probably up to her. She had always wanted to somehow step outside herself so she could watch she and Larry having sex. Tonight wouldn't quite match her fantasy but might be as close as she'd ever get.
"I'm going to the mall to kill some time," Sammi said, grabbing one last Chez-It before heading out the door.
Veronica tore into cleaning the house, hoping it would occupy her mind ... the overthinking was causing her to perspire. She had been at it for about an hour when she was aware that Sammi had gotten home.
"I think I'll go ahead and take my shower, get out of your way if you want to take one too." She tried to smile but it was awkward.
"Thanks. I think I'll take one after dinner. Larry will probably wonder what's going on." She giggled. "If he even notices."
"When I finish, I'll help with dinner." Sammi managed a nervous smile and headed upstairs.
Veronica realized that, as she was talking to Sammi, she was very aware of Sammi's figure and couldn't keep her mind from imagining. All the distraction her cleaning had provided had evaporated the moment she'd seen Sammi.
Unsuspecting Larry had gotten home from his golf outing, a little tired and Veronica had to admit, needing a shower which he quickly took and then settled into his comfortable chair to catch up on his newspaper reading. An "old-fashioned" thing she liked to kid him, but he enjoyed it.
Sammi was in the kitchen helping with dinner and each time she and Veronica inadvertently bumped into each other it was like they'd been shocked. After two or three times of this happening, they both broke into laughter which helped them both relax just a little.
Soon all three were at the table, eating and attempting to carry on a normal conversation. Larry, still without a clue, was doing the best job. The two ladies were fumbling, each looking at Larry a little differently as he innocently chewed his food. At last, dinner was over, and each of them temporarily went their own way before gathering again to watch TV.
Sammi had worn the T-shirt which sometimes left little to the imagination when she didn't wear a bra under it, which was how she wore it now. And the very baggy shorts.
Larry was laughing and enjoying the two sitcoms filled the living room with their mindless banter, along with guarded glances at Sammi, while the two ladies giggled nervously, more intent on casting apprehensive glances at each other. They were each planning the unknown and hoping it would go well.
Frazzled psyches barely intact, they watched the clock creeping toward eleven o'clock until Larry finally spoke the fateful words.
"It's eleven o'clock, hon. You ready to head off to bed."
Two deep breaths, nearly loud enough to be heard over the babel of the TV ensued. Not wanting to miss a chance, Veronica jumped up and ran to Larry's chair, her mouth close to his ear.
"Damn straight, babe," she said. "I'm ready for bed and I'm ready for you." Her tongue went in his ear and he jumped.
"Shit, Veronica," he said as he jumped up. "I'm ready." He gave Sammi a last long look and laughed.
Sammi bit her lower lips and returned his laugh. "Me too," she said, causing Veronica to smile.
Veronica checked the door as Larry made his way up the stairs. She switched off the lights, waiting till Sammi was at the bottom of the stairs. She met Sammi's anxious smile with one of her own.
"Here we go," she said to Sammi.
"I'm ready," Sammi replied, more confidently than she felt. As she turned to head up the stairway, she felt Veronica's hand on her butt. A gentle squeeze. Sammi giggled. As she went up one step she felt Veronica's hand between her legs and up the baggy pant leg. "Oh, shit," she said, gulping as her body unconsciously reacted.
Veronica laughed softly and whispered. "You're fucking wet as hell."
Sammi bounded up the steps before Veronica could touch her again. She'd been afraid she'd have to excuse herself earlier as she could feel the dampness gathering, and the baggy shorts wouldn't do a thing to hide it. She went straight to her room and undressed, dumping her clothes in the little hamper she had, the one that had held the panties that Veronica had used to torment Larry. She sat on the edge of the bed, naked, and waiting, not quite wringing her hands but very close. She was trying to decide how long she should wait.
Just down the hall, Veronica had also gotten quickly naked as Larry was finishing his bathroom chores. When he emerged, the look on his face told Veronica what she wanted to know — he was ready for an exciting bedtime, already partially erect and a look in his eye that she recognized.
"Oh my, you look ready for something," she said.
"Not just something — everything, and maybe a little more." He smiled at her, nodding his head knowingly, and holding his erection. Was he more percipient than she imagined, or was it just ...
She and Sammi hadn't prearranged a signal of any kind so Veronica just had to keep going, hoping that Sammi would take it upon herself to slip in before too long. She was sure she could handle Larry in the meantime.
Larry wasn't waiting for anything though, let alone Sammi, as he pulled Veronica's face to his, kissing her, probing with his tongue as his hand squeezed one very ample breast. He grabbed the nipple, giving it a little twist which was accompanied by her squeal. He was pushing her backward, toward the bed, still kissing her, his other hand between her legs. She fell backward onto the sheets, Larry's head immediately between her legs, that tongue now probing and flicking, Veronica moaning at the intensity of Larry's ministrations.
"Can I help," a soft voice said.
"What the fuck?" Larry exclaimed, lifting his head. He looked quickly at Veronica, obviously flummoxed by what was happening.
While Larry looked back and forth from Sammi and Veronica, Sammi lay down beside them. "Why don't you let me take over there," she said to Larry, "and you head up there where her mouth can take care of that thing of yours." Her voice had gotten a little hoarse sounding as her breathing was deepening.
"What are you doing?" Larry had developed a wide-eyed, unbelieving look.
"Just do what she says," Veronica groaned.
At Larry's hesitation, Sammi slid up the bed to Veronica and quickly began licking Veronica's lips, pressing her tongue between those lips and kissing her. One hand went to Veronica's breast and began squeezing, twisting on her nipple just as Larry had done, to a similar squeal, then squeezing more, harder now. She swung a leg over so she was straddling Veronica, her pussy now only a few inches from Larry's face. She squeezed that breast a little harder as she felt Veronica's arms surround her, a tongue now dancing with her own. She bit down gently on that tongue, heard a groan — and felt a finger enter her pussy, siding in and out. She felt like she might explode as Larry's face was against her ass, his tongue moving back and forth.
Sammi was quickly almost beyond thinking, her body and her lust overwhelming everything else. It felt like ribbons of fire were racing across her skin, the heat more acute than she had ever experienced. She had wondered if she could do this, been so nervous she had hardly been able to sit still. Now, it had almost instantly swallowed her and made her want even more. Veronica was pulling and twisting Sammi's nipple as their tongues flirted, Larry's finger and tongue still working behind her. She winced from the nipple twist but the pain was flushed away by the sensations swarming through her body from what was happening below her waist. Veronica hadn't needed to worry about how Larry would react — it took him about fifteen seconds to adapt to the strange situation.
Veronica had finally stopped twisting Sammi's nipple, her body pulsing to the probing of Larry's fingers, unaware that he was doing the same to Sammi. But despite the euphoric feeling dancing through her whole being, there was something else she wanted to happen, wanted to see, and she was going to have to make it happen.
"Stop, stop," she gasped, struggling to free herself from Sammi's weight and Larry's urgent probings. Sammi rolled off her and she was face to face with Larry whose fingers were still pushing and twisting inside her pussy. He was looking from her to Sammi, eyelids at half-mast, puzzled but obviously willing. "Come up here," she said and Larry, very overwhelmed, obeyed, squirming his way beside her and thus between her and Sammi.
Veronica moved quickly, Larry's engorged cock in her mouth, her tongue sliding around it as she eyed Larry, watching his eyes close as her head began moving up and down. Suddenly her view was blocked as Sammi moved in front of her, pressing her breast against Larry's mouth. She couldn't see but could hear Sammi's moans and the slurpy sucking sounds as Larry's mouth was working where he had hoped for weeks that it could work. Veronica continued savoring each ridge and vein she sensed as her lips maintained the pleasuring Larry's cock, but she was already anticipating something more.
She wasn't sure, never having thought about it, but it seemed Larry's cock was harder than it had ever been. Given the situation, that was not surprising. Still encompassing it with her mouth, she took hold of Sammi's arm and tugged, hoping she'd understand.
Sammi straightened and looked at Veronica who was still latched onto Larry's cock. She understood that a replacement for her mouth was needed. She sucked in her breath, knowing there were two possibilities. One wouldn't be new for her. The other ...
Veronica had her hand around his erection, and Sammi knew that the second possibility was about to happen. She was thankful she'd started the pills after the first session with Andy. She backed up, her eyes locked with Veronica's, wondering what she'd do if there was a last-second change of heart and mind. Sammi could see her nose flaring with her breathing, her eyes partly closed as she waited ... for Sammi to get there. She switched her gaze to Larry whose dark eyes were following her ... waiting to see what was going to happen, a willing participant, and very ready.
Sammi straddled Larry, on her knees, raising herself just enough and moved until she felt Larry's cock rubbing her slit. Veronica was guiding it and when she sensed it was just right, she lowered herself, so wet she slid completely home accompanied by a loud groan from Larry that nearly drowned out her own.
Veronica quickly moved up beside Larry, her face next to his as Sammi was watching, and beginning to move her hips. Larry was helping too, his hips moving up and down as he pressed his cock into Sammi over and over, her whimpers goading him on. Veronica was whispering in his ear but Sammi couldn't hear what she was saying, the slapping of the two bodies together and the slurping sounds from her pussy drowning out the soft-spoken words.
Veronica sat up next to the two now glistening bodies, watching Sammi's breasts swaying and bouncing with each movement, listening to the sounds of unbounded passion coming from her with each of Larry's thrusts. Larry's eyes were closed, opening only occasionally as he watched those breasts swing and watched his cock moving in and out of Sammi. She had never really seen Larry like this, always being lost herself in what was happening. Hearing him and seeing him as he was this very moment had her barely able to stay still, needing to be a part of what was happening and wanting what Sammi was getting. She was ready.
As Larry's hips kept banging Sammi's ass, she was almost having trouble keeping her balance, never imagining, after her time with Andy, that the same thing could be so different. She could already feel her muscles beginning to tighten, the feelings radiating from her pussy trying to fill the rest of her body, her eyes locked closed, lights flashing as the first pulse of her orgasm forced out a deep groan, followed by spasm after spasm as she could feel her pussy contracting hard on Larry's cock. She slumped forward, her hands on his chest and she could feel him stilled and pulsing inside of her, a new feeling that was overwhelming her already totally spent body.
Sammi opened her eyes, Veronica's smiling gaze greeting her. She rolled to her side, freeing herself from Larry's still gently twitching erection that didn't seem to be getting any smaller. Almost before she had stopped moving, she saw Veronica directing it to her own pussy, sliding it inside and dropping down, taking it all inside of her.
"Oh shit," Larry groaned, the first words he'd spoken since he'd asked what Sammi was doing what seemed like an eternity ago.
Sammi was still gasping for breath, the last euphoric delights of her unexpected orgasm still vibrating through her body. She'd heard that it was possible to orgasm that way but never expected that it would happen to her. She wondered as she watched Veronica slowly beginning to rock her hips, if it was something that she could do regularly and not just with ... well, this pair, with this wonderful couple who had given her a place to stay ... and quite a bit more now.
"I can't, babe. I can't. I need time." Larry sounded almost frantic as he pleaded with Veronica. She just looked at him for long seconds, realizing that what he was saying was true. To keep going like she wanted him to was impossible. At least she'd never seen him do that in the time they'd been married ... or before they had gotten married either.
"Yeah," she giggled, her ardor arrested slightly. "Maybe I should set Miss Hot back up here and see how you do."
Sammi looked questioningly at Veronica and received a wink in return. The way she was feeling she'd be perfectly willing to do just that.
Veronica raised herself slightly, just enough to allow Larry's very wet and shiny cock to slip out of her. She was eying Sammi who still had the uncertain look on her face. Veronica was scheming ... well, not exactly scheming but thinking of something they'd discussed earlier, something that very well might work to get Larry functioning again. She swung a leg over him and was on her knees beside Sammi who had twisted around to face her.
Veronica licked her lips and moved closer to where Sammi waited, a coy smile forming as she anticipated what was about to happen. As if they'd planned it, breasts were squeezed and nipples were pulled, causing them to harden and grow. From this close, Sammi could see all the tiny freckles that were usually covered by makeup, the result of Veronica's red hair, and its accompanying complexion. Their lips met, tongues probed and danced and heat seemed to be radiating from their bodies.
Despite what was happening to her, Sammi realized that only Veronica had not yet orgasmed and wondered if she might help make that happen. She took hold of Veronica's shoulders and pushed her down, kissing first one nipple and then the other before working her way down her stomach and belly to the very red muff now in front of her face. She was ready but wondered. The legs she saw spreading removed any doubts she might have had. Now she was working to focus and remember what Larry had done to her those few mornings ago after Veronica had left for work.
She gazed at Veronica's pussy as it was the first and only one she had ever seen this close. She bent down, slid her tongue along its very wet and engorged labia, working to stay in place as Veronica's hips were already in motion. Her tongue pressed harder, slipping easily between the two lips and immediately finding the clit hidden there that caused Veronica to moan to an accompanying jerk. Remembering what Larry had done, she began flicking with her tongue causing more moans and spasms.
Veronica had almost lost track of what was happening and who was making it happen. She had succumbed totally to the sensations coursing through her, dulling her brain, floating her away, the heat encompassing her as she struggled to keep from vaporizing. She knew that what was happening wasn't different than what happened most nights ... but it was. She struggled to open her eyes to see who was causing the feelings. Her hands went to Sammi's head, as her dulled brain tried to decide whether to lift the head and see her face or press her head harder against her pussy. Sammi made it easier by burying her face in the red muff, her lips closing on the clit and sucking hard, tongue still working.
Sammi could feel Veronica's muscles tensing, was able to see her reach for nearly forgotten Larry's hand, then felt her body begin to spasm, surprisingly soft moans accompanying the spasms. Her tongue continued to work until Veronica gently pushed her head away. Her chest was rising and falling with her heavy breathing. She twisted sideways and raised on one elbow. She looked at Larry, then checked a little further south where his erection, if not pointing directly at twelve o'clock was no more than five minutes off.
Veronica smiled and quickly ensconced herself on that erection, her hips immediately beginning to move but only in unison with Larry. She leaned forward, kissing him as their bodies moved in unison, seeing out of the corner of her eye, Sammi watching them, just as she had watched Larry as he, well, fucked Sammi. His arms were around her, squeezing her against him. Almost before she sensed he was squeezing her even harder, his body began jerking as he emptied himself into her.
Veronica slipped partially off Larry, her cheek against his, both looking exhausted and sexually spent.
Sammi slid off the bed, a smile on her face. She carefully lifted the covers that had been scrunched against the foot of the bed and spread it over the pair cuddling together on the pillows. She quietly slipped out of the room.
* * * * *
Surprisingly, Sammi woke up early on Sunday morning, stretched, and was ready to start her day when her brain snapped back to last night and she had to take a deep breath to quell the trembling that had quickly overtaken her. She sat in her bed wondering but decided she was going to treat today as a normal day unless something happened to change that. She gathered her clothes, then made a quick trip to the bathroom to take care of those preliminaries before heading down the hallway to decide what to have for breakfast. As she passed Larry and Veronica's room, the still-unrepaired door was ajar and she could hear familiar sounds coming through the small opening. She didn't need to stop and listen this time since she knew exactly what was causing the sounds.
She giggled all the way to the kitchen, feeling much more secure after hearing the pair obviously having morning sex. Two slices of bread in the toaster, then some low-fat butter, its effect nulled by the large amounts of blackberry jam smeared on the bread. Last, a cup of the Kona Blend coffee that was so smooth and satisfying.
Of course, when that was done and she was eating, she couldn't keep herself from thinking ... and wondering just what this day would be like. After last night, what were the unpredictable things that might happen today? Not sexual things, just ... things, the normal happenings of their life after the very abnormal events of just ... she glanced at the clock ... of just nine or ten hours ago. She decided she needed to stop thinking about all of that. Maybe Veronica and Larry were able to handle it better than she could given even their few years of marriage. Sammi had only a couple of feeble happenings over a year ago. And of course, the two times with Andy that had helped her decide to go along with Veronica and her plans for last night.
She was a little tempted to just scoot out and spend the day at the mall. She could probably get one or two of her classmates to join her.
"How did yesterday go, Sammi?"
"Oh, it was boring until we had the three-way with the people I'm living with."
She caught herself laughing aloud as she thought about that. No, she decided she'd just hang out around the house and see what happened. She wondered more about how Larry would be as she was fairly sure how Veronica would react since it was her suggestion in the first place. But, Larry. She remembered some of the expressions on his face last night. From being very puzzled, to amazement, and finally to total pleasure. She did wonder about today's Larry.
She didn't want to think about the elephant that would be hanging over the house all day — was this a one-time experiment or would it become a normal part of life for, well, maybe just weekends. No, she didn't want to think about that because she wasn't sure how she felt about it. It had been fun ... hell, it had been the most exciting thing that had ever happened to her. She'd done things she'd never imagined, not even in her wildest fantasies which, she'd discovered, weren't very wild after all.
She did send a text message to the friend who had told her about the special "group" that she had mentioned to Veronica. She wanted more details and also wanted to ask about bringing Veronica if things worked out. After last night she wasn't sure how exciting the group would be, but the possibility of being naked in front of a bunch of strangers did cause her to tingle, not a strange reaction now.
She heard sounds and voices and was joined by a smiling Veronica and, seconds later, Larry, who had what Sammi thought appeared to be a guilty grin. He coughed nervously, looking at Veronica, obviously wondering about breakfast.
"If you're not too full, I'll make bacon and eggs for all of us," Veronica volunteered.
"Yeah," Larry replied enthusiastically.
"I'm good," Sammi said. "I had toast and jam and that filled me up." When she'd finished saying that the look on Veronica's face said she was nearly choking on a retort. Sammi felt herself beginning to blush, knowing exactly what the nature of the retort would be. It was going to be that sort of a day she was sure.
"Checking with my friend about that thing I told you about," Sammi said, finishing her cup of coffee and heading to the Keurig to make another.
"Is that the Kona stuff?" Larry asked going to the Keurig and standing close to Sammi.
"Yeah. It's good," she replied, looking at Larry suspiciously. He appeared more aggressive than usual this morning.
"Can I try some?"
She reached into the box and retrieved two of the little white cups. She carefully handed one to Larry and, as she attempted to step out of the way, he stepped forward, bumping into her and she was sure his hand touched her ass. Was this the price she was going to be paying for last night she wondered?
She looked to Veronica whose stern look and nod assured her that she and Larry would be having a little talk. Her cell phone jingled and she saw it was a message from her friend, Clarissa, asking Sammi to call her when she could. She excused herself and went to her room to make the call. Clarissa was the one who had told her about the special group. A few key questions, some explanations and she had the information she needed and would share with Veronica.
When Sammi came back to the kitchen, Veronica was there by herself. She looked around to be sure.
"He's gone, and he understands now. I told him this wasn't a change in our lifestyle, just something that, well, happened when you and I got silly ... and a little daring. Is that good with you?"
Sammi breathed a sigh of relief. "Perfect," she confirmed.
"But," Veronica said, a conspiratorial smile crossing her face, "I didn't eliminate the possibility, though."
"Can't burn our bridges can we," Sammi laughed. The thought of doing that again caused her breath to catch.
"But I did kid Larry that he owes me one since he got ..." She broke off speaking, looking hesitantly at Sammi.
"Me," she answered, unabashedly. "No sense hiding from it."
"I wasn't ... I just ... hell, I didn't know how you felt, you know." Veronica's face had reddened considerably.
"It's good to see that happen to someone else," Sammi quipped. "And I'm interested in how you're going to collect what he owes you."
"Yeah, that. Larry was a little vague at first and finally laughed and said he thought any of the guys he worked with would agree to a, um ..."
"Threeway," Sammi suggested, smiling.
"Um, yeah. But I've seen most of those guys and no thanks. I've had another thought though."
"Oh? What's that?"
Veronica continued looking at Sammi, smiling again.
"Oh, shit. Are you kidding?" It hadn't been too difficult to read Veronica's mind.
An innocent smile. "Just a thought."
"He'd shit his pants if I suggested that." Sammi couldn't keep from laughing as she said it. "He was totally red when he asked me for our last date."
"He is kind of fascinating."
"Right. But who knows? And, by the way, I got more information on that special group if you're still interested."
"You gonna do it?
Sammi sighed. "Sounds exciting. Good chance to see some junk" she said.
"Or have your junk seen."
"Could happen, Miss Freckles," Sammi teased, "although I don't think you have junk."
"So, evidently your friend said I could go too, junk or no?"
"Yeah. She said having a 'mature' there would add interest."
A dishtowel flew in Sammi's direction.
"So, we have two things to look forward to?"
"Sounds like it."
"The sooner the better," Veronica added. "The sooner the better."
* * * * *
My sincere thanks to MsCherylTerra for her continued support and encouragement.