My wings are clipped, but I'm still an angel
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
So, I am on divine probation. I went a little too far in helping others, and broke some rules I didn't know about. It won't affect my normal life much, but will affect my extracurricular activities. The biggest effect is being unable to make use of planes to go anywhere for a year. Nor could I do any hang gliding. I could let it get me down, or I could work on other parts of my life. I chose the latter.
But I couldn't stay away from it. I found myself spending a fair amount of time in my underground library. Two ideas were on my mind. The first was temporary clothing. The second was solid illusions, like a bed, or a fake hill. Using Jiao-long's teaching as a basis, both ideas began to come forth. There were two ways to deal with clothing. One was to summon forth the clothing from nothing, and the other was to summon forth clothing from a known location. I focused on the latter, as it could also be used to fetch and put things other than clothing. I found I was able to reliably do this at short range, within line of sight, after only two weeks. Another week was enough to fetch from my closet, but returning things to hangers, or folded took an additional two weeks.
Even as I worked on instant clothes, I also worked on solid illusions. The easy part was creating the image of the illusion. I already had a mind capable of holding an image that I would use as the basis of the illusion. But making it solid required more power, and also connecting the magic to an existing solid, like the ground. Eventually, I wanted a solid illusion that I could choose to ignore, like I encountered at Jiao-long's home. Another problem was duration. My initial successes only lasted as long as I focused on them. Figuring out how to make them last, I took a deep dive into nearly all my books before I learned to move the focus to my subconscious mind. Even then, if I slept, it went away.
Once I had achieved an adequate level of success, I spoke with Inanna. "Queen Inanna, I've been doing some research into magic."
"I had noticed."
"I was envious of others who were able to dress or undress with a thought, so I sought to learn or create a spell to do this. My books did not have such a spell, but I managed to create such a spell. It is quite limited, but I hope to improve it. Another spell I wanted was a solid illusion. I recall when I visited Jiao-long, he had a solid illusion so real it felt like reality, yet after a time, I learned to go through it at will. I also recall when we had sex in the jungle, you created a bed for us. I don't know if it was magic or a real bed, but it doesn't really matter. If I could create an illusion that feels like the real thing, solid like a real bed, a tent, or a wall, it would be useful. While I have managed it, it takes a lot of effort, and disappears as soon as I lose focus. I found a way to extend my focus subconsciously, but even that goes away when I sleep."
"I have watched you work, and I saw you reading all your books. The answers you seek are there, but you have not understood what you read. Here are some places you should read again." She then gave me a list of references. I understood where each was, so I resolved to read them again soon. "I am sure you will solve your little difficulty."
"I thank you for your confidence, and for your advice."
"Come, daughter, don't be petulant. I know you feel put upon by our judgment."
"I am sorry, I have tried to put it out of mind, but it does sneak in from time to time."
"Part of the fault is An's. He should have informed you about the rules of heaven, especially as you already showed a propensity of pushing boundaries. I also bear some fault, as I saw your potential, and failed to teach you, as well. While we are not formally punished, we remember our failures for a long time. While our failure with you is minor, it is still a failure, and I see it has affected our relationship."
"No, it hasn't. I understand how it can happen, and how unlikely such trespass was back then. Neither of you had reason to expect this of me. Until there was the need, I would never have thought of it, either. This country has many laws, and we even have a saying about ignorance of a law not being an excuse, so I accept that I was guilty. We try to show mercy when it happens, and I think you did, but it still is a restriction on me."
"Your people have learned. Back when we met, the rulers were not so wise."
"True, yet their rule was limited. If you went far enough away, you escaped their reach. These days, that is harder to do. Don't worry about it. I have already accepted it, and am just trying to cope. I am sorry, and I truly am thankful for your belief in me. People are not perfect, and I don't expect it of them, let alone of myself. We can only try, and I strive to be better. Part of my coping is exploring magic, and it has been interesting, and at times, frustrating. While I have succeeded in the main goal, I have not got it to where I want it. Those passages you mention, I expect, will get me further along, and perhaps further than I thought to go."
"How far you go, depends on you, and I think you can go very far, indeed."
"We shall see. You have given me much to think about, both the magic and other things."
"Goodnight, then."
In the quiet that followed, I sensed she had turned her attention from me. I considered her words, and my own. I needed to clear my head and think unfettered by distractions. Tomorrow, I would do a large sand painting to clear my mind. But right now, I would sleep.
After my morning swim, I went to my craft room, and cleared the large cosplay table. I normally used it for making large outfits, or props - but today, it would become the place of my sand painting. With as large a painting as I wanted, the small jars would not have enough. So I left them on their shelf, and instead, opened the supply urns. These were smaller than the ones I made for Mato, but they still held a lot of colored sand. I would use some of my desert power to bring the sand to me, and use the earth power, as before, to sense the sand. Then there was the question of what the image would be.
Should I make something abstract, or real? Will it be something mundane and ordinary, or something unusual? Thinking about it for a while, I was inspired with the perfect image. I would soon be making the necklace for Aja's amber in this very place, and what better inspiration than an image of her as I saw her in the throne room. I felt that would be how she wanted to be known formally, but I felt it was also something she was comfortable in. With the choice settled, it was time to begin. Being curious about what I look like to others, I set the security system to record this to a special file.
I placed myself on the side of the table closest to where I would do the jewelry work. This side would be 'down', so that when I looked over, her image would be right side up. I then began calming myself with martial-art techniques. When I felt calm, I then held out a hand and thought the first word, and used my desert power to bring sand from that urn to my hand. When my hand was full, I repeated the word in my thoughts, and started by creating the outline of the painting. I could not reach the far parts, so I went around the table to reach them. As I needed more sand, I thought of the word and held out my hand to receive more from the urn. As I dribbled out the sand, I thought about the word, and the thoughts it inspired in me.
With the extra work needed to access the sand, and maneuver about the table, it took nearly twenty minutes to get the needed rhythm. Once that happened, I no longer needed to think the word to get more sand, but rather, it came as needed. A few minutes later, I was no longer thinking about how to move around the table. It just happened as it needed to. At that point, I lost track of time, and my focus was so tight upon the painting, I didn't notice my eyes closing, nor the subtle bending of the dribbled sand as it fell. I learned of those things when I watched the video later. I also learned that my body moved with a grace and precision that showed my mind and body were in perfect harmony. The painting took five hours in all, and when I came back to reality, my mind was clear.
Suddenly, from behind me, I heard, "You are an exceptional artist."
Startled, I quickly spun around, ready to go into a defensive stance. I relaxed almost immediately, as I realized it was the goddess I painted. "Aja, I did not expect to see or hear from you again."
"While your student days with me are over, I keep tabs on my former students. Tell me, what made you choose me as your subject?"
"This is my craft room. Here, I plan to take the amber you gave me, and make a necklace where it has the primary position. Over there, I will sit and make it. From there, I can look at the painting, and meditate on making it into something worthy of you. I have already selected some fabric that is nearly invisible to form the necklace, and I have a plan to make five clips for it. One will hold the amber, two will hold petrified wood that is polished to bring out its structure, and two will hold pretty snail shells from the forest. I will wear it with the wood or the shells on either side of the amber. More would make it too crowded. I will also have several fabric pieces, so I can wear it as a necklace, a choker, a bracelet, or even a belt. As a belt I would use all five, and perhaps add more, but I haven't thought that far ahead yet."
"Jewelry that can transform, and the other objects displayed being part of the forest. Indeed, that does sound worthy. When you have made it, what will you do with this painting?"
"I expect I will leave it until I need the table for something else. Then I will likely collect the sand and spread it out in the garden."
She looked thoughtful, then turned to the painting and held her hands over it and spoke. I did not understand the language, but it felt African, and old. As she spoke, the sand began to glow softly at first, and got brighter the longer she spoke. With a final shouted line, and a hand clap, the glow flared, and then vanished.
"Collect it as you said, but instead, keep it to use as fertilizer. A single pinch in my name will affect a large area, and the plants for a time will have lush growth. There are many places where forests have failed, or are failing. This sand will bring my power to the land and encourage the forest to regain strength. When you travel, bring some of this sand with you, and find a nearby forest in need."
"I shall, my lady."
She looked at me and gained a thoughtful look on her face. "I have the feeling I will be seeing you again." She then faded, leaving behind the clean smell of a forest after a heavy rain.
I chose to meditate on what she meant, and with my clarity, I understood. She knew I would pursue the magical language she used. But I don't think she realized I recorded her spell. I would have to be very careful with that part of the recording, in case any of the magic was placed into the recording.
Eventually, my meditation was interrupted by my stomach. It gave a significant growl, so I headed to the kitchen, and I found Cindy working on dinner. I mentioned I had not yet had breakfast, so I would get one of the frozen meals. She told me no, and instead pointed to the lower oven, and told me my lunch was in there. Her dinner was designed to complement lunch. I meekly obeyed her, and got my lunch. Afterwards, as I placed my dishes at the sink, I thanked her for the excellent meal. She accepted, then shooed me away, saying I would get in the way of dinner, so I left.
For the afternoon, I went to my underground library and read each of the passages Inanna pointed out. As I finished each, I did a short meditation to understand the passage by itself before going to the next one. I finished shortly before dinner.
Cindy was right. The dinner did complement lunch, and I told her she was a master at her craft. She blushed, but clearly appreciated my remarks. Filipe also commented, noting how he noticed elements of his heritage in her choice of spices. Soon she and Filipe were discussing their use, and traditions. As this happened from time to time, I quietly left the room, and went to the basement gym. There, I began my daily exercise, and as I got into the swing of things, I meditated some more on what I had read that day.
Over the next few days, I figured out how the passages related to magic, and I began to incorporate them into my efforts. It took another two weeks before I was satisfied with the upgraded spells. I also updated my own journal, telling how I created the spells, and how I modified them to be more effective.
Once I was satisfied with these spells, I began fabricating a necklace for Aja's replacement talisman. I began with the transparent fabric I had ordered. I had to operate by feel, as I could barely see it. The first thing I did was to attach a stainless steel end piece on one side, and a stainless steel-clad, strong magnet on the other. Sizing it was tricky, but I managed it so that it had a small amount of slack when I placed it upon my neck. Next, I selected the shells and petrified wood pieces I would use. I used eighteen-karat gold to fabricate brackets that held the various pieces. To these brackets, I added loops to thread the fabric through. I also added spring-loaded clips to hold it in place, rather than slide on the fabric. These features all hid behind the piece, so you only saw the outline of gold holding the piece.
Over the next three weeks, I made three outfits designed to go with the collar. I also made some other jewelry to wear with it. As I made these, my agent was working on rumors of another sequel. I was thinking about a fourth outfit when he followed a lead and got me a meeting. This movie was about the witch, Elvira, inheriting a mansion in an old town. In addition to the place, she also inherits the business that operates from it. Over the next month, we did the usual dance, and I got the lead. The month after, I traveled to a small California town with some old buildings, including a large mansion.
The film crew took over the top floor of the only hotel in town, and the rest in trailer city just outside of town. The producer, director, and the cast leads all stayed at the hotel. In the morning, I reported to the makeup trailer, and asked, "Have you been in many small towns?"
"Too many. At least this one has some buildings with some historic interest."
"Oh? I don't recall any artistic buildings."
"I said historic, not artistic. For example, check out the school building next to us. It was built during the Cold War. Real solid, and I even saw a sign saying bomb shelter. You don't see that often these days."
"You're right. I was thinking of an earlier time, of the robber barons, where there was a lot of decoration on the buildings."
"Oh, this school has some. It has great big urns on either side of the main entrance, and some wordage embossed across the top of the building."
"I'll have to check it out."
"Have you seen the mansion, yet?"
"No. Is it Cold War era, as well?"
"Nope. It is much earlier, pre-prohibition era. Quite elaborate, and has all that artistic decoration. I got here the day before yesterday to help set up the trailers. Yesterday afternoon, I got a chance to see the inside. They did it up good, real classy."
"How classy can you make a house of ill repute?"
"Just you wait. You'll be in for a surprise."
"I shall look forward to it."
After makeup, I went to wardrobe. For me, it was simple - take my clothes off, then activate the nanotech outfit, and select an outfit. It took only five minutes. The Red Horizons tech was a junior engineer, and told me this unit had half again as much mass, to handle the critters. The script read-through let me know I would do far more than a cat on my lap. I could even generate a fox and have it walk about a bit. It could only go on a flat surface, and would run into things if you didn't keep an eye on where it was heading. It even could do several vocalizations, as could the cat form. I was going to have fun with it. My initial test before we left, showed I could tap into the remote's tiny AI.
From wardrobe, I got onto the production bus. There, I waited for several others, before we were taken to the mansion. Today's schedule had me glad-handing the regulars, even as I spoke with the help, to learn all about the business I had inherited. One of the gimmicks I would be using would be altering my outfit as I went from room to room, to match the theme of the room. I was only on camera for two hours, as there were lots of other shots showing what others were doing.
We finished just shy of dinner, and back at wardrobe, I was the first out. I stopped by the food trucks to get a snack, and then went to one of the town's few restaurants. I told the hostess I would welcome visitors to join me in a meal. I had to use a light whammie to encourage a couple that was hesitant to disturb me.
"Welcome. Call me Helen, Helen Asher. I am an actress in the movie being made here. Tell me about yourself."
"Hi. I'm, um, Todd, and this is my wife, Sarah. We are fans of your movie, and would love to get an autograph."
"I'll be happy to give you one, but you have to earn it by sharing a meal with me."
"Uh, we can't stay. We left our son in the car."
"Then go get him. I am sure he has questions about the movie-making process. I'll be glad to wait."
With no recourse left, Todd went to get his son, while Sarah and I chatted a little bit. She did manage to ask if I really liked having sex with women. Before I could answer, her son came in and ran up to her.
"Mom, are we really eating with a star."
"Yes, Jack, now be quiet and sit. We need to order."
"Hello, Jack. I'm Helen. Do you know who I am?"
"I don't think so. Have you been in any kid movies?"
"Not many. Have you seen any of the recent Mortal Kombat movies?"
"... No." While he claimed not to have seen any, I saw the quick look he took at his folks, so I knew he was lying.
"Well, I play Obsidian in those movies." His eyes got really big.
"You play the Shokan spell sword? Wow! She's cool." Jack clearly missed the look between his parents.
"Yes, but the trailers don't do the part justice. When you're old enough, be sure and see them all, and you'll get to see more than some clips." While I was fairly sure he hadn't seen the latest one, I was also sure he had seen one of the earlier PG ones. I could tell his folks thought the same, but I gave him an out. However, he didn't realize it, and was also very curious how I was able to make four arms work. He even described a scene that wasn't in the trailers.
"Well, it took a lot of practice. Tell me, have you ever seen anyone juggle? You have? Well, keeping a bunch of things in the air takes a lot of practice, and you have to control your movement very carefully, or it all falls down. Working four arms is like that. My two arms were easy, but getting the circuits controlling the second pair to work, took a lot of practice. But with that practice, I made it look like they were real."
When the food came, Jack lost interest. At that point, Todd and Sarah started asking questions. Since I had been engaging their son, they felt comfortable enough to ask me questions. When their son finished, it got awkward, so I suggested they get a doggie bag, and they could go about their business. When they left, I continued to eat, and even ordered two desserts. I noticed a guy checking me out, and with a prominent erection. I paid at the table, and when I left, I passed him, quietly saying, "Follow," as I passed.
Once outside, I waited a few moments, and he appeared. Looking at his crotch briefly, I asked, "You want me? Come to my hotel, room 307." I then turned and headed there. By the time he knocked at my door, I was already naked, and opened the door to pull him in.
"Ukr!" He wasn't able to say much as he was in shock.
I dragged him to the bedroom, and said, "Take off your clothes." He fumbled a bit, but I waited for him. When he was ready, I fell back on the bed, and pulled him on top of me. I pushed a little of Inanna's power out to make him even more eager. I also applied a little of my whammie to keep him erect after he came the first time. After he came a second time, I let him rest, and instead gave him oral. It didn't take that long before he was ready, so I deepthroated him, and used my tongue to get him to come fully.
He fell asleep after that. I meditated for an hour, before I woke him up, and said, "I need a shower, and the shower head is too low. Come help me shower." I then got up, and walked to the shower, swaying my hips enticingly. He practically levitated off the bed to follow me. I set the shower temperature, got in, and handed him the soap. "Be sure and soap up every part of me." I emphasized 'every', and he got the message. After coming a few more times, we dried off, and I sent him home.
The next two days were repeats, but I was in different scenes, and afterwards, I went to different places to eat. I shared my meal with some locals, gave them autographs if they asked, and then collected someone to go back to my room afterwards. That night, I felt a mild unease. When I awoke, I wondered what it could be. I checked my magical tattoo, and found there was no apparent threat it could sense.
During the day, I would do a scan with my tattoo when I had a free moment. Even while I had sex on the lunch break, I took a look. When I went to eat, I went instead to a local bar. I had already learned it was rowdy, and bathroom sex happened often. Instead of a meal, I just got a burger and a beer and sat at the bar facing the crowd. When I finished both, I went with one of the men next to me to the restroom. There was one other there doing his business, but I just hopped up on the sink and opened my legs. The man dropped his pants, and impaled me, even as I opened my top to let him play with my breasts. We both came, and then left. I got another burger and beer, and continued to chat at the bar. My top, while covering my breasts, was clearly undone, and anyone to the side had a fair chance of seeing something. I had a few more beers, and between each, I left with someone to have sex in the bathroom.
I got to my room about one in the morning, so I just undressed, took a quick shower, and went to sleep. Again, as I slept, I felt the unease, and it seemed a little more than before. Yet as I scanned in the morning, nothing showed. I again checked several times during the day.
I was so distracted, the director called me on it. "Helen, what's up? Your acting is off."
"I don't know. I have an unsettling feeling that has been getting stronger the longer we stay here."
"Can you push it out of your mind while you're on set?"
"I've been trying. I managed to do so yesterday, but the feeling is stronger today."
"Would a break help?"
"It might, but since I don't know what is causing it, I don't know how to handle it."
"Well, we're not getting quality work today. I'm postponing shooting this scene until tomorrow. You have no more scenes today. Find out what's bugging you. Now, scoot."
"Yes, sir." I thought a bit, and then said, "I'll be at the park in a bit."
I walked back to wardrobe to remove the nanotech and put my clothes on, and then drove to the local park. Since it was the middle of the day, in the middle of the week, there were only a few people there. Before I got out of the car, I created a sand-painting set in the seat next to me. I went to the nearest empty pavilion and moved the tables around, so I could do a sand painting in the center.
I placed the jars about me, and then did a few katas to limber myself, and to begin centering my mind. Opening my mind to the thoughts about me, as well as tapping into the dragon tattoo to gain its senses, as well as my own native senses. When I felt I was sensing with everything I had, I was ready. Kneeling down, I began my sand painting. I deliberately did not define a picture to draw, but instead selected different colors by instinct. I also painted by instinct, letting all my senses decide what seemed most appropriate.
As doubtful as I was of creating art, I felt something would occur. I also felt that as my mind cleared by painting, the unease would come into focus. While I felt myself losing track of my movements, my eyes didn't close. Instead, I began to see something I didn't understand. I did my best to translate this into the picture, but I did not understand what it was, even when I finished.
As I sat back on my knees, contemplating my art, I was struck by how much it looked like a strange weather map. I just stared at it for a few minutes, before I realized I had several people seated about me, quietly talking. So far, no one had spoken to me, so I feigned not noticing, and I listened to several conversations.
The first one talked about me as I painted.
"Did you see how graceful she was?"
"Yes, it was magical. The sand went where she wanted it, without any apparent effort. I've never seen anything like it."
"I have. There was an old movie, 'The Dark Crystal', where there was some sand art. At the beginning, the Mystics did sand painting. I know they were Muppets, but the way they moved had a similar grace."
"Now that you mention it, I remember that movie. And they did it with four arms, too."
I lost track of that conversation, as I heard another discussing the painting.
"What can it be? Some kind of map?"
"It does look like one, but not one I have ever seen. It is not a weather map, nor a road map, but it looks like a map of this area, sort of. But all those squiggly lines seem odd, especially the way they cross each other."
"Maybe the lines represent different things?"
"Maybe? I wonder..." I heard tapping, so I assumed someone was looking up something on their phone. "Hey! Those brown lines look like they might be elevation. You know, like a topographic map."
"Yeah, I can see it now. Those lines over there correspond to the Crane Hills. And these, they look like they correspond to Smithton Creek."
"So what are the red lines? They seem to get real thick just south of town? What's so important there?"
I could see the lines they referred to, so I focused my senses in that direction. With all my senses still open, I was finally able to feel a slight difference in something. I used the image in front of me to focus my mind and my senses. Soon, I came to an understanding that the unease I felt, it was not magical or spiritual, but something physical, and that the lines were very important. Slowly, I reached into my pocket and got out my phone. I then used Inanna's power to be ignored, so I could stand without disturbing the others. I slowly got to my feet, and then took a picture of the sand painting. Putting my phone away slowly, I leaned down and collected my jar carrier with all the jars in it. Lastly, I slowly moved away from the pavilion, and back to my car.
It was not until the sound of my car door closing that the people realized I had left. They nearly jumped, before looking about. Since I was sitting still in my car, they didn't notice me. Soon they dispersed, in twos and threes. Considering my options, I decided to send the image, along with my location, to one of the curators at the museum near me. I texted and asked her if she could tell me what kind of map this was, and more importantly, what the red lines meant.
After an hour, I got out of the car, and proceeded to do some katas to pass the time. I did them at quarter speed, and with my eyes closed for the most part. After a while, I noticed I had attracted a few people, who tried to duplicate what I did. Every so often, someone would come or leave. After three hours, I realized it was almost dinner time for the actors. I stopped moving for a minute, then walked fifty feet further into the park, and then went full speed for twenty minutes. When I finished, and turned back to my car, I noticed the local sheriff was leaning on his cruiser parked next to my car.
Walking back, I said, "Hello, sheriff. Waiting for me?"
"Somewhat. Someone called in to report you as potentially dangerous."
"I take it you looked me up and saw the warning flags on me?"
He replied with a long, drawled, "Yep."
"Does it concern you?"
"Not too much. You got some well-placed friends, as well as an interesting history with the law. I note in particular a certain murder charge some foreigners tried to pin you. Way I see it, if you're gonna give me trouble, I'll need significant backup, but if I ask nicely, you'll play nice and let the lawyers duke it out. I can live with that. Besides, you weren't doing anything wrong."
"Well, do you have any official business with me, then?"
"Nope. I figure letting you know of the concern was all that was needed."
"In that case, I'm headed for dinner. I'd enjoy some company of the law enforcement type."
"Hmm. Okay. Let me call it in to my deputy." He picked up his radio and said, "Hey, Darcy. I'll be Code 7 at Ralph's in five, with a guest."
Darcy replied, "She pretty?"
"Yes. Also, over seven-foot tall."
"Oh! Can you get me an autograph?"
"No, you know I -" He saw me nodding. "Looks like you're in luck. Out." He then looked at me and said, "Thanks. My daughter is a big fan of yours."
"Well, let's head for Ralph's. I'll follow you."
He got in his car, as did I, and we went there.
"So, what kind of pizza do you want?"
"I'll think I go for an extra-large pepperoni and mushroom, with a side of bread sticks. How about you?"
"Is that for both of us?"
"No, but I'm willing to trade slices if you want variety."
"Oh! I'll just go for a small sausage and extra cheese, then."
We placed our orders, and before he could say anything, I handed over my card to pay for everything. He started to say he could pay for himself, but I just said, "How many times have you paid for food and had to leave in the middle of eating? Please, let me pay." He subsided, and allowed me to pay.
We spoke about many things, starting with my combat ability, but wandering all over, and even touching on sand painting. "So, I saw your sand painting. What is it?"
"I don't really know. I let instinct and intuition decide the art, rather than trying to paint something I know. What you saw is still a mystery to me."
"I wonder what it means."
"Me, too. I sent a picture off to a friend, and I'm hoping she can identify it and what it means."
"Why did you make it?"
"Something's been bugging me these last few days. I'd hoped to use the exercise to clarify my thoughts. Now I can tell that whatever it is, it is south of town."
"Hmm, I'll check out that way later."
"Be careful."
By the time he was ready to leave, I walked out to my car and gave him an autographed picture of me, and I added, "To my fan, Darcy."
"She's gonna love this, thanks."
"I like fans, as long as they don't try to stalk me at home, or in whatever place I sleep."
I went back in to finish my pizza, and took my breadsticks to munch on tonight. As I was watching the local news, I got a ding on my phone. The message read, "We have identified it as a geological map of the area. The isometric lines are at an odd interval, but look right for the topography. The shaded coloration seemed to match the known subsurface rock, and the red lines seem to be indicating a fault line that some suspect is in the area. If it is a fault, the lines may indicate the stress the rock is under, but it is unlikely, as no one knows how to map that kind of thing. Visit us later, so we can talk about it."
There is a possible fault line under stress. Why would that bother me? I could not think of anything, so I just relaxed and went to bed early. When I woke, I could feel it even stronger. However, with my better understanding, I was able to put it aside and get my work done without issue. We finished filming the large scenes at the mansion just before lunch, so we relocated to town, for one of the bar scenes.
We reserved a local tavern from lunch through dinner. Locals could come in, but they had to sign a waiver indicating they knew we were filming some open sex scenes there, and they were all of legal age. Additionally, they were told not to stare at the camera, and to not interact with any of the film crew while on set. The director would use a bullhorn to tell them where to stand and sit, and they should stay there until he told them otherwise.
My first sex scene was with a large man who pushed me into a wall. I wrapped my legs about him, even as my outfit opened to allow him access. He pounded me into the wall a lot, and I shouted his name, and gave a lot of encouragement. The camera clearly caught me having several orgasms, and I noted a few locals with some minor accidents between their legs.
My next sex scene was in the center of the room. My clothes slid off of me and fell onto the floor, while I lay down on a table, face up. I tilted my head back over the edge, and one guy stuck his dick in my mouth for me to deepthroat. A second guy pushed my legs apart and impaled my vagina with his twelve-incher. On either side of me, a pair of ladies lifted their skirts, revealing a lack of underwear. I reached out and began to finger them, moving faster and faster, as time passed. We built up to a thunderous cacophony of groans, name-calling, and imperative directions for others.
Suddenly, we all came in a loud scream, all five of us. A few seconds after I recovered, I felt another release. A release of the stress south of town, and I knew the rock was beginning to move, and we were in danger. Even as I released the ladies and pushed the guy away from my head, I was building up An's authority and taking a deep breath. As loud as I could, I yelled, with all I could put of An's authority, "EVERYONE, GET OUTSIDE. BOMB ABOUT TO EXPLODE! RUN! RUN!"
Everyone was in shock. I leaped off the table and ran outside, adding, "FOLLOW ME NOW, DAMN IT!" This got people moving. Some were wondering what was going on, and others were asking if they should just wait for the cops, but at least everyone was moving. About half had exited when it hit. An earthquake happened just south of town, right where the map lines converged. I later learned it was seven point eight on the Richter scale. With the ground shaking, everyone stopped questioning, and ran out of the building. Some asked me about the bomb, and I said it was all I could think of to get them moving fast.
Some folks wanted to start rescuing people once the first building collapsed. I quickly said, "Don't go in yet. It's not over. It may collapse shortly." They saw the wisdom of my words, and waited with everyone else. The quake lasted nearly five minutes before it ended.
While we waited, a number of buildings had a wall fail, or part of the roof cave in. Our hotel completely collapsed. When we were sure the quake was over, then we rushed to the buildings to see what we could do. I figured the locals would handle the easy places, so I went to the collapsed hotel. I stopped before it, and opened my senses. My rock senses to see where the building was, my life and spirit senses to see where the trapped people were. I then went to the nearest one, and started grabbing chunks of fallen building and tossed them behind me. Before choosing any chunk, I checked if it had any load on it, and as I moved it, I monitored the rest of the pile to see it didn't shift. When I tossed it, I looked to see no one was in the way.
While I soon had others helping, I was leading the way, as I could sense where people were. We finally had everyone out that we could easily get to. The hardest part now presented itself. Those buried deeper. We would have to clear more and often heavier bits to get to them. By now, the whole town was helping. I asked if there was any heavy equipment to get the rubble off the remaining trapped people. That's when I learned that everything the town had was already here or not available for hours. Just then, I saw the sheriff nearby, so I called to him.
"Sheriff, over here. I need your help!"
He came over, and said, "You're naked."
"I was in the middle of a sex scene when it happened. I've not had time to dress, nor do we have any now."
"Why'd you call me?"
"Because, I've been keeping secrets. We need heavy equipment to clear that." I pointed to the pile of rubble that used to be the hotel. "Especially the air conditioning units. However, we don't have any, and can't get any for some time. One of my secrets is that I can temporarily exert great strength, more than enough to move that stuff. There are two problems. First, where do I move it to, and second, everyone will learn about my secret. I need your help for both. I think the back of the hotel is clear, and I can send the heavy stuff crashing there. But I need someone down here explaining I am revealing my secret to save lives, and I would like them to keep it a secret from everyone outside this town."
"You think you can use those heavy AC units? Right. Pull the other one."
"Watch me. Will you do as I asked if I succeed?"
"Yeah. You pull that off, and it will be more than worth it."
"Thanks." I turned around, and ran to the rubble pile. Using the rock power, I made myself lighter, stronger, harder, and with more endurance. When I reached the pile, I jumped as high as I could. I landed almost fifteen feet up the pile, and with a second jump immediately, I reached the top. I then maneuvered around the first unit, and scanned the path below to the back to ensure no one was there. Grabbing the unit, I concentrated the rock power to lighten the unit. It went from being a nearly ten-thousand-pound hunk of metal to about one thousand, and my enhanced strength could handle it. I then gave a chi shout, and jerked it up, and pushed it away from me as fast as I could.
As soon as it left my touch, its weight returned, but it was already heading up and out, so continued. Its first bounce was nearly twenty feet away, and its momentum caused it to bounce further down, again and again, until it finally rolled away on level ground. I then walked over to the other and did the same. When it was on the ground, I turned and looked at the sheriff. His jaw was wide open, so I shouted, "Tell them to keep my secret!" that stirred him to action.
I then went back to clearing off debris. Nothing else was nearly as heavy, so I was able to throw almost everything else clear without bouncing. I cleared my way down to the first trapped person, who I carried out of the pile, and handed off to another lower down. I then cleared off the next area over a trapped person and did the same. After doing three more times, I could sense no more living people trapped in the pile. I could tell there were a few dead people. So I headed down, and the sheriff met me on the ground.
"That was impossible, yet you did as you said. How?"
"I am also a priestess, and that power was channeled divine power, not my own. Are there any others still trapped?"
"No, unless they are under this pile."
"No one living is under that. Take me to wherever you have the wounded. I can help there with some divine healing."
"You're full of surprises."
"And secrets, sheriff, and secrets. Let's go." He led me to the bar we had been shooting in. It had suffered little, and had plenty of tablecloths from the associated restaurant to use for bandage material. Its water heater was still working, and the restroom soap supplies provided cleanliness.
"Sheriff, who's in charge here?"
He pointed out someone and said, "Jeremy is."
"He's a doctor?"
"No. He's a paramedic. The doctor is over there, hurt bad."
"What's her name?"
"Doris."
"Come with me." I then walked up to Jeremy. "Jeremy, I'm Helen. I have a gift of healing, and I need your help deciding who to help. Basically triage. Using my gift has a cost for me, so I cannot do everything, but I can do things like sealing wounds, blood vessels, and such. But first I need to work on the doctor. That will give you as much, if not more help than I can, long term. The sheriff can attest I can do the impossible."
"Yeah, Jeremy. She tossed, not just pushed, but tossed, the hotel's AC off the rubble."
"What!"
"Come with me, Jeremy. You'll need to explain to Doris when I fix her up."
Without looking to see if he followed, I went to Doris. She was awake.
"Hello, Doris. I'm here to help fix you up. Can you tell me what's wrong with you that would keep you from patching up others?"
"That's easy. I can't feel anything below my breasts. Jeremy said there was a deep gash there on my back, so I suspect my spinal cord was cut. To be paralyzed for life, no doubt. That will keep me from patching up others. Enough said."
"What else?"
"Hah! Look at my eye. I'm not sure what happened to it, but the pain is awful. Then there is my right hand. I think it got crushed by something. You can see how misshaped it is. Shall I go on?"
"Please do."
"I probably have internal bleeding, and may not last the night. Now go away, and let me die in peace."
"No. I will fix you up, so you can fix others. Now be still. I need to concentrate." I then did just that. She said something, but I just ignored her. I used Inanna's healing to sense the condition she was in, and decided blood was the first thing I needed to fix. I then envisioned the blood returning into the veins and arteries, and pushed Inanna's healing to move it there before repairing the veins and arteries. Now, Doris would not bleed to death. Next, I focused on her spine. This was simpler, in that it was far smaller, yet complex due to the delicate nature of the nerves. Focusing on the severed point, I pulled in Inanna's power to see how it should be, and when I had it, I slowly went over every bit of it from the innermost part outwards, reconnecting the nerves.
When that was done, I went more swiftly, repairing the deep gash. I focused more on tacking bits in place to start the healing, but fully sealing the skin after ensuring all foreign matter was pushed out. Finishing that, I switched my focus to the hand. It was a mess, and nearly every bone was broken. I would have to move things, so I said, "This will likely hurt a bit. Sorry." I then pulled in the vision of it healthy, and pushed Inanna's power to move the bones into place. I also used a little rock power to put in place calcium dust to help the bone heal, before I applied Inanna's power. It took a lot of effort, but I was able to fuse every break until every bone in her hand was as it should be. I took a minute to rest before resuming on the hand. Working this time to reconnect muscle, nerves, and everything else where it needed to be.
When I finished on the hand, I took another minute to rest, before moving to her head. I carefully removed the wrapping, and saw how badly the eye was damaged. But it looked like it was mostly there, just not a round orb that it should be. I placed one hand over it, so others would not have to look at it, but I saw it in even greater detail as I used her power to see it as it was. When I could see everything, I pulled in the healthy vision, and pushed the healing. Again, as I was dealing with nerve tissue, I went slowly in small parts. I also did that when I reformed the cornea and the muscles that controlled it, and the iris. Again, it took a lot of my power to finish. I gave a final once over on her body, but did not see anything major.
After resting for another minute, I said, "Doris, please get up. There is work to do. I must rest a bit now. Jeremy will explain." I then closed my eyes and rested.
"What does she mean, you'll explain?"
"She said she has a gift, but using it costs her. See her resting? I think that's because of what she did for you. Can you move your legs at all?"
"I can feel 'em, so that's better. Let's see... Oh my god! They moved. I can even feel my toes moving. Maybe she did fix my spinal cord." She turned her head to look at her hand. "My eye! I can see out of it. It would take an expert eye surgeon many hours to even try, and she did it in minutes. My hand... it feels normal, and moves normal. Impossible, the hand is very complex. Yet, she did that also. It is a miracle."
I spoke. "Yes, it is. I am also a priestess of Inanna, and it was her power that healed you. I was just the instrument."
She looked over at me, and saw my eyes were still closed. Looking back to Jeremy, she said, "Help me stand." He did.
"Doc? She said she was willing to help, but that I, no we, should triage, as she has a limit to what she can do."
"So I see, let me think... she repaired bone, nerve, and flesh. And well enough to get me operational. I think we need to limit her gift to only that needed to save life, and only when all will live will we ask about anything else. Jeremy. Take me to see everyone here, and explain what you've done and seen. I need to know everything, so we can make those decisions." As they moved and talked, I continued to rest. I nearly zoned out, but when Doris touched my shoulder, I looked up at her and then stood.
"I am ready. Where shall I start?" The two of them led me to patient after patient, in an order they decided, and they explained what was needed to preserve life. For everyone, my first task was to restore the blood to where it belonged and repairing the blood vessels. My second thing was whatever they said to fix. Third, I would force out foreign matter, and cause the skin to seal, tacking any deep cuts internally, so it would heal in the correct position. The last thing was a once over, where I would tell them what other damage I saw. Often it was broken bones, but I let them set those if needed, helping them know when the pieces were aligned properly. Maybe a third of the people left, as they were now walking wounded.
At this point, I walked over to where I had last seen my nanotech outfit. I finally spotted it wadded up beneath a table nearby. I went over to it and picked it up. Heading for the ladies room, I put it on the counter by the sink, and then proceed to take a quick sponge bath to remove the worst of the dirt. When I had finished, and mostly dried myself off, I picked up the bundle, and placed it on my head, so it could connect with the mental interface. The first thing I did was to have it cover me as a simple jumpsuit. Walking out, I went up to one of the restaurant staff.
"Excuse me. I am very hungry, and need to eat, so I can help more. Is there something I can eat?"
They replied, "There's no one working in the kitchen."
"Is there edible food? Anything? I need calories and nutrients. I don't care if it's cold or room temperature."
It took a while, but he finally decided. "Follow me." He led me into the kitchen, and pointed out the refrigerator, and where they stored fresh vegetables. "Please don't make a mess, and use those gloves. I don't want anyone else to suffer should your hands not be clean enough."
"Yes, sir, I'll be careful." I then got three clean plates, and proceeded to pull some food out of the fridge and cupboard. I also found a large glass and filled it with juice. Taking the loaded plates, I found a corner of the kitchen, and wolfed down the food, followed by draining the glass of juice. I put my dirty dishes by the sink in a pile with other dishes, and filled my glass with more juice. After drinking it, I put my glass with the dirty dishes. I returned to the main room and sought the doctor.
"Doctor Doris, I have just eaten, and now I need to sleep. My hotel is demolished, so I will sleep here, over by that back wall and out of the way. Wake me if something urgent is needed. Otherwise, I will do what I can in the morning."
"Goodnight then. I'm sorry, we have nothing better than the floor."
"Don't worry, I'll be fine." I headed to the wall, and lay down. Moments later, I was asleep. In the morning, as I began to wake, I heard, "You have done well, daughter."
"My queen, thank you. What can I do for you?"
"Everest noted you were here when the earthquake hit, and told me. We watched you, and saw what you did. I heard what you said to the town guard, and decided to help you. While they all know what you did, they will find it hard to tell another who was not here. You are a hero here. Few understand what you did, and none understand how, but all are thankful. You saved at least twenty who would have died without your exercise of power, and they know it. Wear my symbol as you heal today, and Everest's as you help locate the dead bodies."
"I shall." I felt her awareness depart, and in almost the same moment I smelled someone's breakfast. Looking in that direction, I saw someone heading over to me with several plates of food. They placed them on the nearest table, and told me it was compliments of the staff. I got up and sat at the table after thanking them. When I finished, I stacked the empty plates neatly, and went over to the patients.
The doctor saw me, and met me. "Good morning. I am in your debt; you saved my life, and others. Thank you. How can I help you?"
"I came to help you. I did as little as I could to keep everyone alive, and healthy enough to stay that way. Today, I can spend some time helping repair non-life-threatening injuries. I think we should start with the injuries that cause the most difficulty for the patient. The sooner they are walking wounded, the sooner they can help out and feel useful."
"You are wise." Lowering her voice, she continued, "Let's begin with Roger, here. He has two broken arms. If you heal one, he can at least clean himself after using the bathroom."
I walked behind the doctor, and when I stepped out from behind her, I had Inanna's symbol on, and the outfit configured to a short flowing dress. It even had a caduceus icon over a breast. The doctor raised her eyebrows, but said nothing.
"Hello, Roger. I'm Helen. Let me look at you." I placed my hands on his shoulders and closed my eyes. When I looked at Inanna's visions, I saw the bones were broken in three places. "Okay. This may hurt a bit." I then pushed the healthy vision over the current vision. I used my chi to help the bone reform, but noticed I needed a lot less than I expected. While Roger gave out some grunts of pain, he soon was quiet. "Roger, I'm sure they will be tender for a while, but the bones of both arms are now whole. Go easy on them for a bit, or until the doctor says so." I then got up and looked at the doctor.
She understood, and led me to another. While I left many scrapes and bruises, I was able to heal all the broken bones and deep wounds. I also healed some others that had nerve damage, though not nearly as bad as Doris' was. When she indicated that was everyone, I asked if she needed anything. She demurred, saying all she needed was some time to heal. I had already done all she needed. So I departed and headed outside. As I did, I returned Inanna's symbol and summoned Everest's.
I began by returning to the hotel. I began with my life sense to verify no one was still buried. Next, I used my rock sense to scan to find the empty volumes, and the fainter traces of minerals in bone. Once I was able to spot a body, I directed the backhoe where to dig, and how far to go before stopping. While I was helping get the second body recovered, the sheriff came to me.
"Helen, I don't know how you are doing this, but can you look over the other places also? We don't know if anyone else is trapped, or dead."
"Sure. Let me tell people here where to dig for the rest, first."
I grabbed one of the helpers, and pulled him over to the next location. Leaning down, and summoning a stick of chalk, I marked the ground with arrows, and told him they pointed to another body. I also climbed up and put an 'X' directly over the body. Grabbing another, and repeated this process. I figured that would keep them busy for a while.
"Okay, sheriff, let's walk the town, and I will do what I can."
It took nearly two hours to go through the worst of the damage. I found seven more bodies, but no one trapped. I left chalk marks for each. Later that day, two more farmers pulled in with their backhoes, and the recovery went faster. By evening, I hooked back up with the production crew. The director had put a hold for a week on shooting to let the town recover. He did have good news in that the taped scene was intact, and the recharging unit for my outfit was also working.
The next several days, I did what I could to help out. I spent a fair amount of time with the doctor, until the worst injuries were repaired. The sheriff and I inspected buildings to see if they were safe. While we would not actually say they were safe, we reported all issues found. The crew helping out at the hotel site recovered usable material, including guest belongings. On the fourth day, my stuff was recovered, but some items had damage. I secretly repaired most of it late at night. It was great to finally wear my own clothes. The mansion, however, fared far better than the rest of the town. It was solidly built. Likewise, the production trailer camp fared well. Some of the equipment suffered damage, but it looked like insurance would cover it.
Eventually, we finished filming, and all went home, while the film went for post-processing. I sent the town some memorabilia and autographed items to auction off to help support the rebuilding. For the hotel, I added a large investment and asked they put my name on something. They named the hotel restaurant Asher's Place, and even had many promo posters of my films. For their re-opening celebration, I showed up, and signed many autographs.
After settling down a few days, and getting back into my swimming, and exercise routine, I went to visit my friend at the museum. The one I sent the map to.
"Hello, Cathy."
"Becky Sue! Please sit down. I'll clear the clutter and bring up your map. How could you know? I saw the sad news."
"I have certain abilities I don't really mention. This includes some odd ability to sense things. I don't understand how it all works, but I was able to create what you saw. I am just sorry I didn't understand what it really meant until after it happened. But I think your information might have given me a precious few seconds to get people out of the building I was in. It may have saved a few lives, so thank you."
"I am glad to have helped. Tell me, did you actually feel the pressure?"
"I don't know. I've never felt anything like it before. It was just something new, that I knew was important. As to the map, I've never come across such maps before. I have no idea how I knew that skill."
"Well, we do live here in the state known for lots of earthquakes. Maybe you subconsciously remembered something you saw."
"That must be it. Still, I don't usually pay much attention to that kind of stuff."
"However it happened, it certainly proved interesting."
"So it did. Tell me, anything interesting show up at the museum?"
"I can't think of anything, but I hear they are negotiating to get a show of recent artifacts from an Akkadian site." My eyebrows rose at that. "I thought that would pique your interest. If we do get it, I'll give you a call. Given your creds, doctor, I suspect we can get you special access."
"I will look forward to that."
But that is another story...