Author's Note: These stories are a continuation to the Four Friends series. They can be read separately, but might be more enjoyable after you've read after - up to you. This story starts after the end ofFour Friends 8_End of Semester.
....
"I'm sorry to butt in, but you might want to consider something other than the Cesar salad."
Jack looked disapprovingly at me. "David, would you leave this poor woman alone?"
"I will, but I can't in good conscious let her order that. I've eaten just about everything on the menu and it's almost all ok. For something without meat, the veggie nachos are pretty good, even the impossible burger - but Jack, even you have to admit the Cesar is...." He shrugged, nodded.
I try not to bother people, but she wasn't a regular. Business attire, an adult. She was lovely - clear brown skin, long brunette hair - I couldn't tell her age, but then again everyone looks young to me.
"Then I'll take the vegetarian nachos."
"Sorry - but I made that mistake once and didn't want you to suffer needlessly."
"I appreciate it. I just need something, a beer and then some rest."
I went back to my phone, beer. It was pretty busy, but not so loud as to drive me out - yet. Jack brought her food.
"The veggie nachos are pretty good. Thanks."
"Here to help."
She ate a bit more, then turned to me. "Not to bother you now, but did I hear Jack say your name is David."
"That's right."
"David who sits at the end of the bar?"
"Excuse me?"
"Yeah, that sounds weird, doesn't it? Did you know a former grad student named Katie?"
"As a matter of fact, I do. And you are?"
"Meera, Katie's advisor. I'm here for a conference and she said to come here for a quick bite if I needed to get away. And to find 'David at the end of the bar'."
"Interesting. How's Katie?"
"She's great. Wonderful student, good researcher, really turning into quite the lecturer. She says hi and hopes to see you over the holidays. She's always on about her and Izzy and Victoria and Alex -you know them as well?"
"I do - they're quite the extraordinary group of young women. Wish I had been as smart as they are, but talent isn't equally distributed." We talked a bit more while she ate, learned more about Katie's research, what Meera taught. I gave her some recommendations for better food around town, wished her a pleasant conference.
The next afternoon, I was sitting in the coffee shop where I'd met Izzy.
"Hello again." It was Meera. In daylight, I could see she had dark grey eyes, which were striking against her honey, almost almond colored skin. She was informally dressed, with a long braid hanging down to her lower back.
"Hello to you - guess Katie told you this was the place for coffee?"
"Actually, one of the grad students helping me here. And tea for me - I never developed a taste for coffee even after I came to the states for school."
"Tea's pretty good here too - much fresher than most places, and they use the right temperature water."
"You know about tea?"
"Did some work in China a long time ago, got to know how to make a decent cup. How's the conference?"
"Good, though I'm glad to have a few free hours. These things take a lot out of me."
"So I've heard." I noticed she was playing with her wedding ring. "Missing home?"
She gave a slightly embarrassed laugh "Missing my daughters."
"How old?"
"14 and 16. They're with their dad this week." I couldn't help but notice she said their dad, not husband.
"That can be both a wonderful and a tough age. At least that's what I've heard."
"Indeed. Especially Parvati - she's 16- smart, ambitious, beautiful, absolutely sure she doesn't need anything from anyone - let alone me."
"I have no reason to say this, but I'm guessing the apple didn't fall very far from the tree."
"That's exactly what my mother says. I'm proud of her, but worry." She took a sip. "I'm sorry - the other tables were all full, but I should have asked - may I sit here? I don't mean to bother you."
"Any friend of Katie's is a friend of mine. Nice to talk to someone new." We chatted about nothing in particular. I learned she'd be in town this week and next, the conference topic, her guest lecture that evening, even how she was in the middle of splitting up with her husband after he cheated on her.
"I'm glad I have my work and the girls, but I don't what I'll do with myself once they're off and I'm alone. Not easy for a woman my age to find someone new."
"Oh, that can't be true. You're smart, interesting, beautiful. I'm sure once you get over the newness of being single again, you'll have men beating down your door."
"As if. But thank you for trying to boost my confidence." She took a sip of her cold tea, eyed me. "Katie told me a bit about you - you've never dated since your wife passed?"
"I haven't dated since I met her - but that's different. I'm much older and my marriage was very happy."
She blushed a little "I know I shouldn't say this, but I've been told you haven't given up on women entirely..."
"Oh god - what has she told you?" The blushing got a little deeper.
"That you've not given up on relationships - just dating. And after I texted Katie last night you said hi, she sent me some encouragement." Meera passed her phone across the table, showing a picture of me and Katie.
"I am so sorry you had to see that."
"Don't be - it's quite impressive. I'm not sure anyone has ever made me feel like that -not sure I can even imagine feeling like that."
"If you asked her, I'm sure she'd tell you all about it. And if she won't, I'm sure one of her friends would."
"Well, Katie and I have already crossed a student/advisor line with this text - not sure how much further I want that to go."
"Indeed." I paused, pushed a little. "Dare I ask why you showed that to me?"
"Because Katie told me to. Because she's been trying to convince me to get over my husband. And because she hoped that showing me would entice me to expand my boundaries."
At that very moment, I got a text. It was, of course, from Katie.
What do u think of Meera? Sorry, but I couldn't help but share a pic.
And before I had a chance to respond, I got one from Izzy too.Katie told me u met Meera. She's great. Do us a favor, eh?
I laughed. Meera had a quizzical look on her face. "Well, that was Katie and Izzy. They certainly are encouraging."
Now Meera looked really embarrassed, mixed with something else.
"Listen, I must go but I'm really glad I ran into you. If you need someone to waste some time with, give me a call."
"You sure I won't be bothering you - or if this is too weird?"
"You are not bothering me at all, and I've been through weirder."
"Really? Well, yeah, based on what she told me, I can see that. Of course, they're beautiful young women."
"Meera, you're easily as beautiful as they are. Your husband is a fool."
I stood up, took a last sip. "But I do have something to attend to. Please, call me."
I leaned over, kissed the back of her hand, left.
...
I came home to a dark house, shades drawn. When I opened the front door, the strong morning light flooded the living room, revealing a curious sight. From the sidewalk, you wouldn't see anything more unusual than a figure sitting on a chair. Looking more closely, you might notice a few oddities.
First, the chair was in the middle of the room. Second, the person sitting in it didn't seem to have a book, a phone, or watching tv. Once your eyes got used to the darkness, you might notice that it was a woman, naked, not moving much but rocking a bit. And with really good eyesight, you'd see her legs tied to the chair, arms held above her head, rope affixed to the chair's back.
Remember Sam - the grad student Izzy told to look me up? Interested in self-bondage, she'd figured out that the strictness of the ties she wanted required help. She'd come by whenever things were too stressful. Who was I to refuse?
She'd come by early that morning unannounced, having had a long week, knowing the weekend wasn't going to get better. She walked around the living room, closing shades, curtains, taking off her clothes, explaining the situation. Standing naked in the middle of the room, hands on hip, "What are you waiting for?"
Thinking through her preferences, the circumstances, I settled on the chair and a dildo. She stuck it to the wood, settled down with bit of a groan, a wry smile on her face. Sam preferred the roughness of sisal rope, which I used to tie ankles to chair legs, hips to seat, arms to chairback. She liked sensory deprivation, the feeling of being alone, so a blindfold and gag were in order. Almost done, I added a surprise, leaned a Hitachi Magic Wand against the chair, adding vibration to the silicone inside her.
Her breathing became shorter, long nipples erect as I rubbed the top of her head. "Enjoy yourself, I'll be back in a bit." I watched for a moment, making sure she'd be fine, was enjoying herself. I turned off the lights, went to get a coffee and scone.
So, when I told Meera I had something to attend to, I wasn't lying. I didn't usually stay away this long, but I knew Sam wouldn't mind. When my eyes adjusted to the dark, I could see Sam's sweaty body, head back, groaning. I came closer, touching her neck, shoulders, letting her know I'd returned. I sat down on the couch, enjoyed the show for a bit.
"Enjoying yourself?" I ran my fingers across her chest, finding long nipples fully erect, pinching them. "I guess so, or is it just cold?". I continued a tour of her skin, across stomach, legs, between her legs. "Nope, not cold."
I removed the blindfold, asked if she'd like to taste herself, bringing a soaked hand up to her mouth. Opening wide, fingers pushed up against her palate, pushing her head back. "Like that, don't you? You're a very dirty young lady."
Sam liked to be reminded of her proclivities, found words exciting. I kissed her, tasting her sex in both our mouths. I ran a hand down her front, between her legs, adding pressure to what the dildo and Hitachi were already doing. Practice had taught me the speed, pressure she preferred. Usually I would've continued the games, but I knew she had places to be. I helped her to cum once, then again, hoping it was enough help.
I kissed down her wet skin, untied her. I picked up her much smaller frame, carried her to the bedroom. Napping with her was a pleasure, watching the sunlight move across her ivory skin. She woke, with a smile, got up to shower. "Man, I really needed that. The conference on top of all my usual stuff."
"Do you remember Katie? Duh, of course you remember her. Her new advisor is here this week - she's amazing."
"I know."
"How? Don't tell me...."
"Nothing like that. I met her at the bar last night and while I was out this morning, she said hi at the coffee shop."
"I bet Katie told her about you -she did, didn't she?"
"Appears so, but really, it was very professional. She seems nice."
"And beautiful. I'd kill for her hair."
"You, my dear, underestimate yourself. I love your hair."
"Gee, thanks." She flipped it over her shoulder and then saw the clock.
"Holy crap - I gotta take a raincheck on brunch. Meera lecturing tonight and I'm on setup." Knowing she wouldn't feed herself; I made coffee, some toast with almond butter for her.
"That's so nice." Took sip, a bite. "You should come to the lecture tonight. It's gonna be great."
"Thanks, but all that's way over my head. Take care of yourself, let me know if I can do anything."
I saw her off, straightened up the house, went shopping, made myself some dinner, settled in for a night of reading and bad tv.
Katie texted me to let me know Meera had called to shoot the shit, asked for my number. It was nice to check in. I also heard from Izzy that she'd be around in a few weeks, asked if she could stay. I texted 'duh'.
At about 9"30, there was a knock on the door. Thankfully, I was still dressed. I found Sam, a few other grad students, and Meera on my front walk, happily chatting away. Not entirely sure what was going on, I invited them in.
"David, sorry to bother you. We wanted to hang more but facilities folks threw us out and we didn't feel like going to a bar. I suggested here, if that's cool."
"Of course it is, Sam." She smiled. "What would folks like?" I was in the habit of staying fully stocked even though there were fewer 'sorority' meetings. I had more than enough for a small group.
After a bit, Meera came over. "Thanks' for having us. I was surprised when Sam suggested going to a friend's house and it turned out to be yours. Do you know everyone?"
"Not as surprised as I am, and no, I don't know everyone. But Sam took over some of Katie's research and, since I know Katie...."
"You know Sam - makes sense. She's lovely - maybe I can recruit her too."
"You should. Anyway, relax, enjoy. If you need anything, just ask." I mixed, made sure folks were supplied. By midnight, only Sam, Meera, two others were left. Meera spoke up.
"Don't you think we've intruded on David long enough? And we have activities in the morning - shall we leave the poor man alone?"
"Don't rush on my account. I have no plans for tomorrow."
But everyone agreed it was time to call it a night. Sam asked Meera "Would you like someone to walk you to the hotel?"
"I can find my way - and don't you live in the other direction?"
"Well, yeah, but I'm responsible for you."
"I'll be fine; it's a small town."
I offered to walk her back. "I'm too worked up to fall asleep anyway. It's a beautiful night, I like walking around when its quiet."
"You wouldn't mind? Is that ok with you Meera?' Sam winked at me.
"I wouldn't have offered if I minded."
"It's not necessary, but I won't refuse."
Everyone grabbed their stuff, set off.
"Thank you again for letting us come by. You're a lovely host and the grad students seem very comfortable around you."
"Well, Sam's the only one I really know - and anyway, what else do I have to do?"
We walked in silence for a bit. "If it's not too personal, how do you know Sam - she looked pretty comfortable around you."
I thought for a moment, decided honesty was the best policy. "Well, you already know about Katie, so I guess it won't surprise you that she 'recommended' Sam come to me for stress relief."
"And how exactly is it that you help people with stress?"
"Depends on the person. For some, it's just talk- and free drinks. For others, more."
"More?" A long pause. "And Sam?"
"You can ask her, she'll probably share. I'm old, don't kiss and tell."
She stopped walking. "I was hoping you'd say that," leaned in, kissed me. Tentatively at first, then more with a sense of relief.
"Was that ok?"
I smiled at her. "Meera, I am unencumbered, it was lovely. Is it ok for you?"
"More than ok - best kiss in a long time. But I'm not sure if it was a good idea."
I offered her my arm, she took it, we walked again. "Seems like a good idea to me. You clearly deserve a little, what is it they call it these days, oh yes, 'self-care."
We walked, talked a bit more, arrived at her hotel. She looked at me for a moment.
"I can't believe I'm going to ask this - would you come upstairs?"
"Meera, I'm honored. And don't take this the wrong way, but not tonight. I'm not prepared, and I think it's only fair for you to sleep on it. How about this, any plans for dinner tomorrow?"
She considered me with deep, grey eyes. "No, and that would be lovely. But I don't think I can take two rejections."
"This is not a rejection, just a chance for you to retract if you think better of it." I leaned in, kissed her softly, slowly, waited for her to go inside, headed home.
...
In the end, I went to Meera's lecture. Might as well try to understand her research, have something to discuss over dinner. I also texted Katie to get a little insight - after she finished tutoring me a bit, she wrote'So, anything happen last night?'
You know I don't kiss tell.
Damn you. Be good to her, she deserves it.
Promise.
The lecture was interesting, surprisingly understandable. I hung around in the back, waited while Meera spoke to real academics. Sam saw me, came over.
"How you holding up, with the conference and all?"
"It's a lot of work, but you helped me get the energy I needed." She pecked me on the cheek. "I'm glad it's over soon- may need more relaxing after." She laughed, smiled.
"You know where I live."
"Indeed I do."
Meera came over. "I wasn't expecting to see you here. What did you think?"
"I think you did an amazing job of taking complex issues and putting them in ways that a simpleton like me could understand."
"I suspect you are better at complexity than you're letting on," looking back and forth between me, Sam "but I'll take the compliment. Sam, would you like to join David and I for dinner?"
"Thank you, but no. I have work to do, wouldn't want to be a third wheel. You kids enjoy yourselves."
"Ready? Happy to wait if you need more time."
"Oh no, let's get out of here. I chose this life, but can only take academics for so long. Where're we going?"
We had a lovely, relaxed dinner, drank a bottle or two of wine. By the time we finished, the restaurant was mostly empty.
"David, thank you. I haven't had this nice a time in a while." She stared at me, contemplating. "I haven't thought about another man in almost 20 years. I'm not sure what's next."
I took her hand. "Relax, remember we stop if you want." I moved closer to her. "Did anything cross your mind last night after I dropped you off?"
She blushed a bit. "Like what?"
"Not sure, but I'm guessing you had some thoughts...."
She looked down, back at me, took her hand back, looked nervously around the room. Seeing no one was paying attention to us, she slid her hands under the table, rearranging herself, brought her hands up to the table again, put something in my hand. I didn't have to look to know what it was.
"I think we should have coffee or tea before we leave," catching the waiter's eye. "Can we have some tea - and bring the check. Thanks."
I looked back at her. She looked flushed, uncertain. I took her hand in mine, put the other one on a thigh. "Ok?"
She shook her head, yes. I slowly drew fabric up until my fingers touched skin, legs together. I delicately encouraged them to open a bit, moved closer so my right leg touched her. I lifted her leg over mine, exposing her. She quietly gasped, looked at me hard.
"Just pretend nothing's happening. Enjoy," kissing her hand.
The waiter brought the tea, check. While she sipped, I caressed the inside of her thighs, her lower abdomen. I put my credit card down, never stopping, lightly brushing her skin. Breath a little more sharp, flush spread from her face, down her neck, to her chest. After the bill was paid, when the waiter turned his back to us, I ran my index finger lightly between her warm, wet, lips, parting them. Her eyes were wide with fear, excitement.
"Ok?"
She shook her head again, yes, not talking, eyes darting around the room. I lightly pushed, her movements slowly drawing me in. I ran my finger top to bottom, spreading natural lubrication, pushed two fingers in. She closed her eyes, let her head fall backward with a sharp intake of air. Beautiful brown hair cascaded down her shoulders - she looked lovely, smelled fragrant. I pushed in as far as I could reach, held there, watched her squirm.
I brought my fingers to my lips, licked them like I had just finished desert. "Shall we go?"
Outside, there was a chill wind which blew up to her skirt, cause goosebumps. "Feels good, doesn't it."
"I'm not sure...." She turned, kissed me hard, hungry. I pulled her close, my arms inside her coat, kissing in the darkness between streetlights. I caressed her back, still kissing, lifted her skirt, reaching between her legs again to touch her wetness. She steadied herself against me, moaned into my mouth, laid head on my shoulder. Her hair was thick, warm against my neck.
My hand stayed inside her coat as we walked back to the hotel, kissing her neck every once and a while. She headed for the hotel door, but I nudged her toward the small, empty, dark courtyard. She looked questioningly, following my lead. I lifted her up onto a stone wall, away from the lights, kneeled.
"What are you doing?"
"Do you want me to stop?"
"No, but..."
"You're a guest and a stranger. No one knows you..." I parted her legs - she smelled spectacular, her legs, stomach fit, athletic. I leaned in, kissed thighs, stomach, tasted her. She seemed to prefer having her lips rather than clit licked so I dined, moving my head up, down. I placed a hand around her back, brought the other up to alternate between tongue, fingers. Her breathing increased, hands on my head, pushed herself into my face. I sucked lightly, three fingers now, felt thigh muscles tighten around my head, pulling me further in, contracting around my fingers.
When she released my head, I looked up. she was staring down with surprise, shock, finally a wide, beautiful smile.
"Oh my god, I can't remember the last time....."
"I'm sorry to hear that."
We went upstairs to the small suite the college had gotten her. She excused herself for a moment, so I sat on the couch, took off my shoes, socks. She returned still wearing her dress but without shoes, stockings, started to turn off the lights.
"Don't do that - I want to see you."
"Are you sure?" she asked shyly. I went to her, held her face with both hands, kissed her long, deep.
I slid around, behind her, wrapped my arms around her waist, nuzzling her long fragrant hair, swept it over one shoulder, kissed her neck. She leaned onto my shoulder as I ran my hands up and down her sides, front. I pushed the dress off her shoulders, let it drop to the floor, leaving only a bra as I caressed her arms, back with my fingertips. "You're magnificent."
I spun her around, kissed her, deeper, wrapping her tightly in my arms. She was warm, soft, all goosebumps and sweet smelling. I released her bra, cupped her small, firm breasts.
"I haven't been touched like this in a long time."
"That's a shame, but someone else's loss is my gain." I smiled, held her gaze as I ran hands up and down her back. "Is there anything else you've missed?"
She blushed again- "It's been so long, I don't know that I remember."
"I don't believe that. What do you fantasize about? Or do you want me to guess, like in the restaurant?" as I brought my hand down, between her legs, feeling how warm, wet she was.
She groaned lightly, eyes almost pleading. "Very well, no more questions."
I led her to the couch. Still clothed, I knelt, kissing her down beautiful breasts, stomach, pushed her legs apart, kissing the inside of thighs while lightly running fingers over soft skin. I leaned into her - fully exposed, clit bright, erect. I licked oh so lightly, using just the tip of my tongue. She gasped, grabbing my head, pulling me in closer. I sucked, pushed my tongue into her.
She pulled harder on my head, wrapping it tightly between runner's legs. I went slow, let her build as the edge of couch got wet, sticky. I pushed her open with my fingers, tongue finding its way further in. She was smooth, almost hot to the touch.
Her legs clenched, she let out guttural sounds from deep inside, contracted around my fingers, her hair whipping back and forth against the couch. I suspected anyone in the room next door knew exactly what was happening.
I kept my lips on her as I withdrew my fingers, still feeling an occasional convulsion. I ran my hand up a sweat soaked stomach to a chest heaving from hard breathing, eyes closed. Still on my knees, I leaned in, kissed her neck, across her forehead, finally to her mouth. She pulled me tight, sucking my tongue into her mouth.
"You are so beautiful. You should see yourself." She opened her eyes as I stood, took off my clothes.
"I've heard about you and pictures."
"That was their request - not my idea."
"I'm not ready for that. But I am ready for - bedroom?"
"I want you right here." I reached into my pants, took out a condom.
"Prepared I see?"
"Better safe than sorry." Laying together on the couch, I guided myself slowly into her, just the tip, in and out. She groaned, getting louder as I moved deeper and deeper.
"Is this what you wanted?"
"Oh god, yes. I've waited so long. Oooph.... please, like that, yessss......deeper."
"I can do that." Grabbing ankles, I pulled knees up, pushed further in. Her eyes opened wide, "That feels so good. Hmmmmmm, so deep...."
I move her knees together, to the side, pushed hard and fast.
"Oh, my, uhh.....that is so..... I'm not sure I've ever felt anything like this, ugghhh. Oh, I think I'm going to cum again...."
"Yes, look at me, let me see your face when you cum." She closed her eyes, threw her head back again, came, harder this time, rocking violently back, almost pushing us off the couch. She was loud, alive, spectacular. I held her tightly, held myself deep inside her.
She slowly came back around, opened her eyes.
"Did you cum?"
"Done with me that quickly? I have more if you want it."
"I'll take as much as you've got."
"Oh, you think so, do you? We'll see." I stood, pulling her up by her arms, sat her on the couch, took off the condom.
She looked up, locked eyes, slowly wrapped lovely lips around me. I let her dictate the tempo, but she looked at me questioningly. So, I directed.
"That's good, very good. But you can do better, can't you? Use your tongue- yes, like that." The more I instructed, the more she moaned around me. "I like that - I like it when you make that sound." I put hands into thick hair, stopped her head, moved myself in and out.
"You like that, don't you?" She moaned louder. "I want to hear you say it - say it around my cock - you can do it, can't you?" I could hear her trying to say yes as I moved myself in and out of her. "You like being told what to do, don't you." I slid my feet, forcing her legs apart, reached down, grabbed nipples between forefinger and thumb, pinched.
"That's good - very good. You like that? What was that, you want me to pull more? As you wish." With each question, she moaned louder, more guttural. She made even more noise as I rolled her nipples between fingers, all the while looking up at me.
Ahe looked disappointed when I pulled out, surprised when I pulled her up by the hair, sucking her breath in but never breaking eye contact. I led her by the hair til she was bent over the back of the couch. She tried to spread her legs but I pushed them together. Her beautiful backside, bent over figure, long hair splayed across the couch is a sight I won't soon forget.
I grabbed another condom, pushed all the way in one stroke. "You wanted deep, didn't you?" She grunted each time I pushed. "Answer me."
"Yes, ughh, yes, deep. Oh, David, so deep. How are you, uh, doing that?"
"It's because you're so wet, so wet and delicious." I reached down, coated two finger, held them in from of her face. "You see, it's you. Your wetness. Wanna taste it?"
"Yes, yes,....." deliriously talking around my fingers in her mouth.
I grabbed hips, increasing the pace, the couch rocking beneath us. When I got close, I ran hands up her back, grabbed hair, pulled up and back, her arms extended, back arched.
I leaned forward, whispered in her ear. "This is what you wanted, isn't it" She grunted. "No, you need to say it."
"Yes, oh god, yes, this is what I wanted. Needed. Please......"
Pulling her head back even further, she contracted around me, we came together, her violently, loudly, me holding myself deep, unmoving inside her. I let go, her torso dropping to the cushions below. I kissed her back, put my arms under her, lifted. With my front to her back, I wrapped her in my arms, kissed, her head flopping back onto my shoulder. We stood, panting, sweating.
Breath caught, I led her to the bedroom, grabbed some water, spooned. Her hair, slick with sweat, covered my face as I caressed her body from behind.
"I don't think I knew how much I missed that."
"Happy to remind you." She laughed, rolled over to face me.
I took her face in my hands, kissed her gently. "You really are magnificent. I'm so glad you found me at the bar."
She looked back at me. "Are you just being nice? Wouldn't you prefer some grad student?"
I leaned back. Serious. "Absolutely not. You are a real woman with a wonderful, woman's body. Still too young for me, so no, I'm not joking or being nice."
She laid her head on my arm, looking pensive. "Thank you for saying that, but when your husband leaves you for a younger woman, it's hard to believe."
"I can't comment on your marriage, but I can say he must be a fool." I ran my hand up an arm, across a shoulder, down across her breasts. "You are young and beautiful and sexy. Any man, young or old, would be lucky to have you bestow your gifts on him."
She laughed. "You probably say that to all the girls."
"No, since I don't sleep with all the girls. No matter what Katie may have told you, and no matter how much of a slut you must think I am, I'm quite selective. I've never been intimate with someone who wasn't more than just attractive. And you are much more."
We talked for a long while. I went to the bathroom, tried to figure out if I was staying the night. I heard her say from the living room "Do you think they're going to charge me for cleaning this couch?"
Sure enough, there were some large wet patches. "If they do, I'm happy to cover it. We did kinda make a mess, huh?"
"You should pay, since I wanted to go the bedroom"
"No, you suggested going to the bedroom, but wanted me to decide."
"Got me there." She laughed, came over, kissed me, led me back into the bedroom. I guess I had my answer.
In the morning, I asked how many more days she was in town.
"I'll be here two more nights - do you have plans? Can I buy you dinner?"
"Maybe but let me ask a different question. When was the last time you had someone cook for you?"
"My husband never cooked, so it's been a long time."
"Well, how about you come to my place, let me cook. If after that you're still not done with me, you can buy dinner Tuesday night. Deal?"
"Deal."
....
We planned on her arriving around 7. I went shopping, cleaned the house, prepped. I'd planned a simple but tasty meal, the only thing fancy being chocolate tarts. She texted around 6:30 that she was running late, would arrive by 7:30, hoped she hadn't ruined dinner. I assured her all was good.
When she arrived, she seemed tired, harassed. "Tough day?" I asked.
"Not exactly but exhausting. I'm not used to my schedule being controlled by others, who shove too much into a short conference." She practically fell onto the couch.
"Glass of wine?"
"Please."
I poured two, sat on the couch with her. "To only one more day."
"I'll drink to that."
"May I make a suggestion? You seem really tired - and for me sometimes the last thing I want is to think about food." She started to protest but I continued "and no, I didn't go out of my way and no, my plans won't be destroyed if we take it easy. The only thing I made beforehand was dessert and who doesn't want that? How about just snacks?"
"Are you sure? I appreciate you trying so hard, but I don't know if I can handle anything fancy."
"Stay here, drink wine. Turn on the tv." I returned a few minutes later with cheese, crackers, some nuts, prosciutto humus. Stuff I keep around for the sorority.
"Lovely, but you live alone - why do you have all this?"
"Katie can fill you in on that. Let me know when it's time for dessert."
We ate, chatted, watched tv. The tarts were really good, if I do say so myself.
"That was perfect."
"Good. You've got another crazy day? I can walk you back to the hotel - or would you like to stay in the guest room?"
"After last night, I was really looking forward to more than sleep, but I'm exhausted. I'm so sorry."
"Don't be. I'm enjoying your company and there's always tomorrow."
I walked her back to the hotel, held her hand, kissed her goodnight.
"Tomorrow is my treat. Someone suggested the Italian place- they said the foods really good but casual. 7 work for you?"
"Anytime is fine. Text if you need to change it up."
I was getting ready when she texted'thanks for being so understanding last night. Much better today. On my way over - meet you at the bar.'I headed over, took a seat at the bar., texted'I'm here. drink?', ordered spicy margaritas.
She came in wearing tight jeans, a long-sleeved top with an open back, her hair in a long, thick braid.
"Wow, you really know how to make casual look sexy."
"Well, it's warmer tonight, thought I'd take advantage. Glad you like it."
I put my hand on her back, feeling soft skin. "I do." I pulled lightly on her braid as I kissed her "I can think of things to do with this."
"I'm hoping," a wicked smile on her face.
She was in a much better mood. We had a lovely meal, a bottle of wine. We were happy and satiated when we left. Outside, she walked ahead of me so I grabbed that enticing braid, pulled back.
"Hey" she said, turned around. I reeled her in by the braid, kissed her hard. When I let go, her eyes sparkled above a big smile.
"Is that how it's going to be?"
"Maybe, maybe not. We'll see." I wrapped my arm around her waist as we walked to my place. Every time we stopped at a street, I'd pull her close, kiss the side of her neck. Along a dark stretch of sidewalk, I worked my hand across her bare back, under her top, caressed the side of a breast. I left it there as we walked, lightly brushing my fingers across warm skin.
There's a small park across from my house, so I sat down on a bench, pulled her onto my lap. I kissed her chest, neck.
She laughed. "I haven't done anything like this since I was a kid."
"Oh, and what else did you do as a kid?"
"Is that a dare?"
"Yes."
It was quiet, empty. She looked around, took my hand, led me to a darker area. "I can't believe I'm going to do this" she giggled as she straddled me. We kissed like teenagers looking for privacy, touching over our clothes, humping through our jeans.
After a few minutes of making out, I whispered "Turn around - c'mon, sit on my lap with your back to me." She was shorter than me, so my lips came up to the back of her head. "Put your legs outside mine." I slowly pushed her legs apart, ran my hands from her chest to the inside of thighs, touching, teasing nipples with one hand, pressing the crotch of her jeans with the other. She laughed, inhaled, pushed back against me.
I slid the top off one shoulder. "Did you do this in school?"
"What are you doing?"
"Touching your skin. Someone might see us, but you'd like it if that happend, wouldn't you?"
She turned her head to look at me, questioning. "I don't know. Maybe."
"I know by how warm you're getting. I can stop...."
She looked around again, a sly smile crossing her face. "Oh my god, I can't believe I'm going to do this." She let me push the top down so her arms were at her side, shoulder blades exposed to the night air. I kissed the back of her neck, shoulder blades, all the while rubbing between her open legs. She breathed quickly, looking around, grinning. I exposed her breasts, she put head on my shoulders, laughed.
"You like the risk of this? You're much wilder than you let on..." as the front of her jeans became wetter and wetter. I lowered the zipper, exposed soaked cotton panties to the night air, slid one, then two fingers inside her.
"You are very wet." She was breathing hard, fast, her hips grinding against me, her legs pushing in against mine. I moved my fingers faster, in, out as she humped harder. I put my hand over her mouth as she pushed back one more time, convulsed, screamed into my hand.
She slumped, my arms around her, pulling her close. She rolled her head to the side, looked at me, laughed.
"No one ever did that to me in school." She slid off my lap, kneeled. "And I never did this."
I slid forward as she too me in her mouth. The difference between her and the cool night air exhilarating. Her pace was perfect, slow, deliberate the sound of her moaning around me intoxicating. I wasn't sure how long I could take it - I had other plans - but it was too wonderful to stop.
When I was about to cum, I grabbed her braid, lifted her off me. She looked disappointed but smiled, licked her lips.
"Stand." The view was dirty, sexy, one breast exposed, jeans open, panties pushed aside. I led her around the back of the bench. She put her hands on the back of it, leaned over, looked back.
"Hold tight." I yanked her jeans, panties down. "Would you like me to stop?"
"You know the answer is no."
"But you like saying it, don't you?"
Sheepishly, but with a big smile "Yes. Dammit."
I put on a condom, slowly entered her, legs held together by the jeans at her feet. I put my hands over hers, moved slowly in, out, around. We fucked leisurely, her head hanging down, looking forward. I could feel her buildings again, her breath changing, pushing harder back against me. I released her hands, grabbed the braid. She lifted her head, expecting me to pull. Instead, I wrapped it around her neck.
It was long enough to wrap around like a collar, enough left over to be a leash. I pulled, she gasped. I released to let her catch her breath, pulled again, over and over, in rhythm with my thrusts. When she was close, I wrapped the braid tighter around her neck, pulled harder. She gasped, tried to shout but with too little air.
I released the braid, grabbed her torso as her legs gave way, lowering us to the grass. She was panting, gyrating, smelled perfect, felt magnificent.
Still gasping a little, she said "Yup, never did that before." We laughed, rolling around in the cold grass like kids, straightened ourselves up, walked arm in arm to my house.
Hoping she would come home with me, I had turned the heat up. Once inside, we stripped our clothes off and moved into the bedroom. We talked, fell asleep.
I woke up first, made some coffee and muffins - my morning specialty. I realized we hadn't discussed when she needed to leave, so I woke her with a kiss on the forehead.
"Smells good."
"Just wanted you to have something before you hit the road. Do I need to get your somewhere by sometime?"
"Today I am free" she said, sitting up, arms wide, exposing her beautiful body. Her hair was still in a braid, which was a little raggedy after the evening before. "I have to leave for the airport around 1, gotta finish packing and check out by noon. So..." she pulled me down and kissed me.
"Let me put the coffee down first."
"You never let me have any fun." With cups on the nightstand, I crawled on top. We kissed, touched slowly in a way that seems to only happen the morning after. The morning light peaked through the blinds making her skin even more beautiful.
"I am very lucky to have met you."
"That's my line" she said, kissing me again.
We kissed, caressed, touched. I rolled her onto her front, kissing her shoulders, down her spine to her bottom. She was relaxed, comfortable, hair free of its braid, spread across the sheets. I kissed down across her bottom, thighs, legs, worked my way back up to her neck. I tucked a pillow under her, lifting her up, crawled between her legs. Ever so slowly, I kissed, nibbled the inside of her legs, working my way back to her sex. She was wet, open, inviting. Slowly, I ate her from behind, my tongue caressing her, fingers rubbing up and down, teasing.
"That feels so good. Why are you so good at this?"
I smiled to myself, not wanting to break the spell. I brought my fingers to her opening, moved slowly in, out, deep, shallow, feeling her wetness spread. Wanting a better angle, I rolled her over again, lifted her bottom off the bed, placed my whole mouth over her, sucking, licking at the same time. I held her this way as long as I could, feeling her legs tense, release, enjoying her taste.
"That is so good, but I want you. Inside me. Now."
I rolled onto my back, to reach the nightstand drawer and another condom. She rose up, straddled me, lowered herself. This time it was me sucking in breath. Above me she was striking; dark skin wet with sweat, wild mane spread out around her, leaning back. All I could see was chest, neck, taught, muscular, beautiful.
She moved slowly, round and round, up, down, pushed hard, soft, slid forward, back. Her movements were sexy, felt amazing. She flipped her hair over a shoulder, leaned down, elbows on either side of my head, brought her lips to mine. We kissed, pushed into each other, in unison, for too brief a time that lasted forever.
She pushed back up, moved straight up and down. I could hear wetness and for the first time, she did not moan, just held my gaze, hair slick with sweat sticking to the side of her head, across her chest.
"I'm not sure how much longer I can last like this."
"Don't."
I closed my eyes, concentrating on being inside her. I pushed up harder, muscles contracting, found myself close. She rose up, pushed down hard, we came together. She let a hiss, then laughed, shaking her head back and forth with wild abandon. Another favorite memory.
She steadied herself against my chest, smiled down at me.
"You look magnificent."
"I'm sure I look like a mess."
"Not a mess. Spectacular."
She looked at me, smiled with disbelief. "Really?"
"If you could only see yourself."
"Show me." She grabbed her phone, handed it to me.
And so I took pictures, some video. We stayed like that, her on top, even after I went limp.
She laid beside me, looked at her phone. "I never knew I could look like that, so, so..."
"Powerful?"
"In my body. Maybe there's life left in this old girl after all."
"You're not old, there's a lot of life left in you, and it would be a shame if you don't take advantage of that."
She kissed me again.
After a shower, breakfast, I walked her to the hotel. "Do you need a ride to the airport?"
"No, the conference is providing a limo." She stopped, took my hands. "Thank you again for a wonderful few days. Will I see you again?"
"That is up to you. I'm not boyfriend material..." she started to object, I cut her off "and I'm too old for you. But I would love to see you again if you come around and want to stay in touch. Ok?"
"I'll think about it. I hear you have a New Years Eve thing coming up."
"I do, but others control the invitation list. Ask Katie- though I'd be more than happy to see you then."
"I'll do that." She kissed me. "See you soon."
...