This is a piece of fiction with adult themes. If you object to explicit language, mind control, and misogyny, this story is not for you. Finally, the suggestion that anyone deserves punishment for dressing in revealing clothing is a useful stereotype, nothing more.
Supermarket Slut
I saw her at the grocery store; she was shopping with an older woman I assumed was her mother. She was a striking young woman, probably nineteen or twenty, tall and slender. Three things caught my eye: her striking, supermodel features surrounded by a mane of golden hair, her skin-hugging black tights, and her skimpy tan cotton crop-top under which she clearly wore nothing. It clung delightfully to her perfect, perky C-cup breasts. Even better, her nipples were hard and poked through the fabric impressively. And from the way her tight pants hugged her ass, she wasn't wearing panties, either. She was a pervert's wet dream. In other words, she was completely and totally fuck-able.
I found myself wondering what kind of father would let his daughter go out dressed this way. It wasn't just that she was dressed provocatively, it was a bold expression of sluttiness, the kind of invitation that led some people to conclude she was asking for it. She was the perfect subject.
When I spotted her, she and her mother were already in the checkout line. If I was going to reel this pretty fish in, I needed to act fast. I gently reached into her mind to discover who she was. I wanted to know why a young blonde bombshell like her would dress like a Tenderloin whore.
Her name was Taylor and she was a recent high school grad from Mt Tam, just across the street. Unsurprisingly given her revealing, come-fuck-me attire she wasn't a virgin, and it turned out she was only eighteen. She'd been fucked by a dozen different boys since her first time and three different boys in just her final semester alone. As you might imagine, she had already developed a reputation as a slut -- mostly because she was one.
To my delight, she and her mother lived alone just a few blocks away from me. Her father had taken off when she was a kid, leaving her with the kind of Daddy issues that ultimately made her trade sex for attention. Her mother, Beth, was a needy vacuous slut, too. I smiled at my good fortune.
Even as I followed them into the parking lot, I began to manipulate their minds. First, I modified the way Beth thought about her daughter's sexual activity. She was already a permissive parent, so I just gave her a few nudges until she firmly believed that Taylor needed an active sex life with an older man as part of her healthy development. Then I moved on to the young woman I was already thinking of as slut-Barbie.
She was already a very horny girl and not terribly bright. I emphasized both until she was practically gasping aloud with lust and so fuzzy between the ears that she could barely remember her own name. She was now more naïve than ever, totally trusting of everyone including strangers, and highly suggestible. Then I approached them.
Normally, most women would be wary when approached by a strange man in a public place. I made sure Beth and Taylor were completely at ease when I walked up to their car.
"Hi, I'm Glen," I smiled. "Do you need any help with your bags?"
Both women were looking at me the way a dog eyes a steak. Taylor was staring at the large bulge in my pants and was almost drooling. Beth wanted me, too, but I commanded her instead to defer to her gorgeous daughter's insatiable needs.
"Oh, I'll be fine," Beth assured me. "But perhaps my daughter can help you get your bags home. Taylor is a very helpful young woman and you seem like such a nice man."
"Oh, I assure you I am anything but," I joked, even as I stoked the flames of Taylor's lust. She was wild-eyed with arousal. "And of course I would be happy to accept your daughter's help. She seems lovely."
"Wonderful!" Beth smiled. She turned to her child. "Will you be alright helping Glen out for a day or so, honey? Just be home Monday morning in time for school, okay?"
"Sure, Mom," the teenager nodded obediently. She was already rubbing her crotch through her tights right there in the parking lot. "Where to, Mister?"
I sent Beth along her way and escorted Taylor to my car, admiring the fit of her attire as we walked.
"You are a very beautiful girl, Taylor," I complimented her. "You have a fantastic body and I love the way that crop-top showcases your breasts."
"You do? Do you really think I'm pretty?" she gushed, lapping up my praise. "Wanna see my... my boobies?"
"I do, but we should wait until we get back to my house," I grinned, mentally encouraging her tendencies toward exhibitionism. We climbed into my SUV and before I started moving, Taylor's head was in my lap.
"Oh, your cock is so big!" she whispered giddily as she pulled my dick from my pants and took into her greedy mouth. "Ip ases o ood!"
"Good slut," I patted her on the back of her head as it bobbed up and down on my shaft. "That's a good little slut-puppy. You just suck on my cock while I drive and when we get back to my house I'm going to make you cum over and over again."
"Mmmph," came her reply and I chuckled as I pulled out of the parking lot into the street.
"Just think, little slut," I told her. "If I hadn't noticed you in the store today, you might have had a normal life. But now, well, now your life will be anything but normal. I'm going to see to that. And it's all because you decided to dress up like a whore. Isn't that funny?"
"Mmmph?"
"Keep sucking that cock, bitch," I ordered sternly. "If you stop, you will be punished. Do you understand?"
Taylor responded by taking my cock into her throat all the way to the balls.
"Good whore," I grunted. "Just like that. You know, I don't know why most pretty teenaged girls are such bimbos, I'm just glad you are. After all, where else would I find such an abundance of stupid cunts all waiting to become sex-crazed cum-sluts?"
"Mmmph!"
"That was a rhetorical question, you dumb twat," I said, pushing her face down into my crotch. "I don't want to hear another word from you until we're home."
Taylor hummed happily as she slurped away at my fat erection all the way back to my house. She was so turned on and eager for sex that I had to tell her to pull her tights up when she walked from my driveway to my front door. It wouldn't be good if someone saw the slender, blonde eighteen year old running pants-less into my home.
Once inside, however, all modesty was abandoned. Taylor stripped off her clothes and presented her hot, young body for my inspection. I was pleased to see she wore no panties under her jeans and that her crotch had been freshly shaved.
"Are you going to fuck me now?" she purred.
My dick was rock-hard and I wanted her badly.
"I'm not sure," I lied. "I only fuck bad girls. Are you a bad girl?"
"Oh yes," the teen squealed. "I'm a very bad girl!"
"Are you a dirty slut?"
"Yes! Yes, I'm a dirty slut," Taylor cooed. "I want your cock, Mister. I want you to fuck me so bad!"
"Are you a nasty, cum-guzzling fuck-whore? Will you do whatever I tell you to do?"
"Oh God yes!" she cried, desperate for my cock. "I'm a nasty whore. I'll do anything you want."
"How old are you, slut?"
"Eighteen," she admitted, blushing. "Please, I'm so horny."
"So you're old enough to pose naked?" I prodded. "You're old enough to film sex videos?"
I could feel Taylor's hesitation and increased her arousal another notch.
"Oh God, I need it so bad," she groaned. "Yes, I'm old enough to shoot porn, if that's what you mean."
"That's what I mean," I said as I used a remote to start a trio of video-cameras I had placed strategically around the sofa. "Go lie on the couch and spread your legs nice and wide."
Taylor scampered eagerly to the sofa, giggling with happiness. She was going to get some dick! She lay down on her back and spread her legs in a perfect split. Her fingers thrummed against her swollen clit and dipped into her obviously wet pussy. She watched me intently as I stepped out of my pants and knelt down between her legs.
"Horny little slut," I whispered and triggered a small orgasm inside of Taylor's trembling body.
"Oh fuck!" she groaned as her body arched with pleasure. "What... what did you say?"
"Horny little slut," I whispered again and I triggered another small orgasm inside of the teenager.
"Ahhh!" she cried out as her slender body shook with delight. "Oh God, that's so good."
"Aren't you glad you dressed like a whore today?" I teased her as I blew gently on her clit. "Aren't you glad you decided to show the whole world what a horny little slut you are?"
"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" Taylor gasped, helplessly in the throes of an ongoing climax. "Oh yes, Mister. Please don't stop."
"Don't stop?" I taunted. "Are you sure? Are you saying you want to fuck all the time? You want sex every day with lots of huge throbbing cocks, maybe even dozens?"
"Oh fuck yes!" Taylor cried out as another orgasm gripped her body. "Oh God, please fuck me!!"
"Your wish is granted," I whispered as I pushed my swollen prick into the girl's eager wet cunt. "You're going to be the dirtiest, nastiest, most depraved little fuck-whore this world has ever seen. You're going to whore your body out to complete strangers and make the filthiest porn imaginable. Doesn't that make you happy?"
"Oh fuck yes," Taylor moaned. She wasn't really processing my words anymore, she was just focused on how good it felt to have a big cock thrusting deeply into her body. "Oh yes, fuck me Mister!"
"Horny little slut," I repeated and I triggered yet another orgasm inside of the wild-eyed schoolgirl. "Horny little slut." I started fucking her harder and harder until she was howling with lust. She had lost it and had become primal. There was just an insatiable animal left, an animal desperate for an endless supply of cock.
"Horny little slut. What does the little fuck-pig say?"
"Thank you! Thank you, mister," the teen gasped, her slim body writhing with lust.
"What else does the fuck-pig say?"
"Make me cum," Taylor begged. "Please Mister, I want to cum so bad."
I was inside of her balls-deep, my fat pecker stretching her hole like never before. She was only eighteen and I was about to change her life forever. I wrapped a hand around her throat and began to squeeze.
"You want me to cum inside you, baby?" I teased. "You want me to fill you up with hot, creamy cum?"
"Yes, oh yes," she gasped, her face turning red. "Cum in me, Mister!"
"You don't remember my name and you're begging me to cum inside you," I mocked and spat in her face. "What kind of girl does that?"
"I'm a dirty whore!" Taylor cried, grinding her crotch into mine. "I'm a filthy fuck-slut!"
"Good slut," I grunted, spitting in her face a second time. "Good piggy. Here's your reward."
I came hard, my swollen balls pumping huge jets of hot jism into the thrashing schoolgirl's hungry twat. She squealed and moaned and grunted as she felt her womb filled with my cum.
"Oh God thank you," she purred. "Fuck, that was so good, Mister. Thank you for making me cum so good."
I smiled benevolently. "Good little whore. Now you take a nap, okay?"
I left her there naked and asleep on the couch, her face drenched with spit, her legs spread wide and cum dribbling generously from her gaping, pink snatch. Even as she dozed, I took lots of photos and made sure my video-cameras had all successfully recorded her porn debut. Beth would help me get my hands on her daughter's ID and soon Taylor's first porn video would be all over the web.