We're staying over at George's, his teeny 1 room, basement apartment in an alley off Newbury Street. George is sleeping a few feet away on his bed, Mikey is asleep a few inches away on the couch and we're on the deflating air mattress. We're smooshed together and I don't care who is around, all I want is your cock inside me.
We manage it, I pull my shorts down to my knees and you pull my shirt up and hold me to you by my tits, my back against your chest. I guide you in and we have that amazing moment when your cock first pushes inside me. I'm ready for you, so wet, in a second I'm full of you and this vibration travels through my whole body. It's almost the best part of getting fucked, it's relief mixed with desire. I almost don't want to let you pull out but I feel your arm tighten around me and your hips tilt back. I need your cock to fill me and I push back against you. We get a few strokes in and you pull out, I protest but you tell me "This isn't working and we're making too much noise." I'm sure I make some kind of disappointed face but you point to the door. I pull up my shorts, we quietly roll off the mattress and you pull me outside.
I turn once outside to make sure the door isn't locked and you get behind me, kiss my neck and pinch my nipple through my shirt, maneuvering me toward the stairs that lead up to the street. You push me onto them, on my hands and knees. The surface of the pavement digs into my skin and hurts but you are there behind me, pulling my shorts down quickly and positioning yourself, the head of your cock pushing through the folds of my cunt before you slam into me, rocking me forward, your hand on my head, my face scraping on the rough stairs. With one hand you hold onto my hips and guide me, with the other you reach around and help me free my tits from my bra, they're big and hang down, my nipples get even harder in the cold air.
We each grab hold of a nipple at the same time and pinch them. I move that hand down to play with my clit while your hard cock is driving in and out of me. My tits moving to our rhythm, I'm trying to keep quiet, the sound of our fucking echoes off the walls, but it's 4AM and no one is around. I hope that someone hears us and watches. I can't help gasping every time your big dick bottoms out, my fingers are working vigorously on my clit. Both of your hands are now on my hips, pulling and pushing. I want it hard and fast and harder and faster. I can't get enough of you. I'm going to cum, I switch hands and my fingers are flying across my clit as you take me from behind. It builds until all of a sudden I feel it in a rush of heat and pleasure that races through me. I moan too loudly and your hand clamps over my mouth.
I ride the wave as you fuck, your breathing is getting heavy and you put both hands on my shoulders, your strokes are getting more forceful. I quietly beg you, "Cum inside me, please, I need it." and you slam into me with a grunt and hold yourself there while emptying your cum into me, jerking a little with each spurt as it fills me. I flex the walls of my pussy, milking you.
When you're done you pause for a second to catch your breath and then pull out. I whimper in protest, missing you already, feeling empty. I lie still trying to catch my breath. Two taps on my hip remind me that I'm not done. I turn around and get on my knees in front of you to clean our juices off your cock and balls. I lean in and close my eyes, licking you gently, engulfing you in my warm wet mouth. When I finish I look up at you as you tuck yourself back into your boxer briefs and turn to walk into the apartment, leaving me to pull up my shorts and put my tits away before following you in. I sneak past our sleeping friends and I climb back into bed and cuddle up next to you, your cum still inside me.