It was a Tuesday in July and I wasn't wearing any panties. I guess you could call me an exhibitionist. My best friend, Maggie, who is ultra-conservative calls me an idiot. That is how I end up in situations like this. Wearing a short tennis skirt in a crowded car sitting on Kyle Composition's lap. Kyle and I get along well. Actually, he's my best friend. Dark-skinned, handsome, toned it's hard not to have a crush on Kyle even when it seems like everyone else does and all I'll ever be is his little sister. I hate being thought of as a little sister. I've dropped clues that only the most oblivious detectives could miss. I'm practically throwing myself at him right now. That's not what I want.
But sitting on his lap in a crowded wearing no panties was taking things a little too far. Especially since I could smell him and it was making quite wet. Here's my shame (one of them): I get wet too easily. My pussy gushes at the sound of a deep male voice in my ear even if it's just a friendly reminder to buckle my seatbelt. His thighs were hard beneath me. I wriggled slightly and thought I heard a deep intake of breath but that was probably just because Kelly had elbowed him in the stomach. The car was entirely too cramped. That's why I was sitting on his lap in the first place.
"Almost there!" Aidan called from behind the wheel. We were going down to Kelly's place at the Jersey Shore for the weekend. The car went over a bump and I pitched forward. Kyle's arms were there to steady me.
"Easy," he said. His voice sounded husky. I flushed, as I felt a gush between my legs. I had been dared from my friend on Fetlife not to wear panties the entire vacation and goshdarnit I was going to do it. But I should have picked shorts not a skirt. Maybe I wasn't as naughty as I'd like to believe.
The car skidded to a stop in front of the pink, stucco house. I leaped over Kyle's lap and glanced back at his face which looked slightly bemused. I followed the trail of his gaze to his lap and was both horrified and mortified to see I had left behind a stain. It wasn't big but it was noticeable and then Kyle lifted his head and carefully, his eyes met mine. And he smiled. I bolted from the car. I was humiliated. It would be impossible to hide my crush from Kyle now. Not only that but he would definitely have to change clothes. The car reeked of my pussy juices. I wondered if anyone else could tell. I wondered if Kyle would say something to anyone else. That wouldn't be like him, but you never know.
I was fumbling in my suitcase for underwear when there was a knock on the door.
"Come in" I said, aware my thighs still smelled of arousal. It was Kyle. He wasn't smiling anymore. He came into the room I usually occupied (the small one off the kitchen) and locked the door behind him. I stared at him apprehensively.
"I think we both know why I'm here," he said.
"Kyle, I'm sorry. There was this dare and I didn't expect to be on your lap and you always make me so wet that I couldn't help it and-"
"Shhh" Kyle closed the distance between us rapidly and ended my rambling with a very forceful kiss. I almost crumpled under the weight of my lust. His body was so toned beneath mine and I felt him pushing up against me, insistent. He wanted me like I wanted him. I went to peel off his shirt but he brushed my hands away.
"Let's clean you up," he said and yanked down my skirt. With one scoop, he deposited me on the bed.
"Kyle, I'm not....I'm not shaved," I said, trying to shield my hairy pussy from his sight. I knew many men liked bare women but my hair had always grown too fast for me to really get a handle on it. Plus I had tremors in my hands which made it difficult for me to hold a razor.
"That's fine. That's more than fine," he said, lowering his face to my pussy. He was breathing rapidly now as he put his nose and mouth to my vagina and began to eat me out like a drowning man needs oxygen. I whimpered and thrashed around, moaning his name. Finally, he stopped just when I was at my closest.
"I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to punish you for being such a cock-hungry slut" My eyes were glazed with arousal. I barely registered his words.
"What?" In another moment, he had me over his knee. My (equally hairy ass) was facing him directly. I squirmed and realized I was only rubbing my sopping pussy against his jeans. I immediately stopped and he laughed before delivering a stinging slap to my right butt cheek. By the time, he had finished with the spanking, I was mortified but so horny I was grinding my clit against his leg.
"Do you need me now?" he whispered in my ear.
"Yes Kyle," I moaned. With a growl, he had me back on the bed with his thick, black cock out ready to enter my tight pussy. I shivered as he positioned it at my entrance. Then with one thrust he entered me and began to thrust. It hurt at first, not gonna lie. I almost cried out but I restrained myself and soon my pussy clamped down on his big cock as he moved faster and faster.
"Almost there, you little slut. Was this what you wanted in the car?" I nodded, too delirious from cock to speak. Just when he was almost there, he pulled out and I felt warm fluid all over my face and in my hair that I knew would be impossible to hide from Kelly when she came in later. I had my own orgasm arching my back as Kyle watched closely and squirted all over the bed I would later be sleeping in. He left watching the mess form around my pussy.
"See you in the morning, princess. Now clean yourself up." He said, giving me a brief kiss on the lips before exiting the room, leaving the door wide open.