Author's Preface: Everyone in this story is over eighteen years or older. The story is entirely fictional. Any similarities to real people or events are purely coincidental. Constructive comments are always welcome.
This is a continuation of the Tammy series. It works as a standalone story. Tammy is a cute girl from a small town in Texas.
There are two more parts in this series about Tammy's first year in college. I'm going try to add a new one each week.
Enjoy.
In January, I started thinking about how to stay away from home over the summer. My parents wanted me to come home. I just couldn't do that. They said that Mr. Baker would give me a job at the hardware store. I didn't want to go home, much less work in a hardware store. Looking for jobs around Austin was pointless. Everyone wanted to stay in Austin for the summer.
How ya gonna keep 'em down on the farm after they've seen UT?
I talked to my friend Martin to see if he had any ideas, and he suggested "Back to Nature", the naturist resort I'd been to. He and I met out there. Summer was their busy season and they always needed help. It was way out in the country, but they would give me room and board. It didn't pay very much but I didn't have to spend any money to live there. It's not like I needed to buy a lot of clothes. Transportation wouldn't even be a problem. Turns out there was a shuttle into town if anyone needed it.
After thinking about it, it sounded perfect. I called and got an interview for the Friday before spring break. I told them that I had a transportation problem; I didn't have a car. They said that if I could get someone to bring me, they would let me, and my friend stay for a free weekend. I could work at the resort some to see how I liked it. They had a high employee turnover rate, so they wanted to make sure I liked working there.
When spring break got close, I told my friend, Holly, that I was going to go to an interview out there. Holly had been my best friend since I came to Austin and was my sorority sister.
She screamed, "Please let me go with you! I've been thinking about it ever since you told us about your weekend there. I want to go get naked."
"Martin was going to take me."
"No! Screw him. Take me, please."
"I did. The whole weekend we were there. He was really good. Besides, you'll miss the beginning of spring break."
"I don't care. It's my turn. I want to go out there and get naked," she whined.
"Well..."
"Sisters before Misters."
"OK. We'll leave early on Friday before spring break."
"I can't wait," she squealed.
Tammy called Martin apologetically, "Holly's taking me to 'Back to Nature' for my interview."
"What?"
"I told her I was going and could take a guest and she begged me. She was like a little kid wanting to go to Six Flags. She threw a tantrum. I couldn't say no."
"OK, I guess. Have a good weekend."
"Thanks for understanding. If I get the job, you can come out this summer and visit. I'll give you 'first-class' service."
On the drive out there, Holly asked me about every detail of the resort. What she really wanted to know was what it was like to be naked around all the naked men. Would they stare at her, could she stare at them? I told her not to gawk at anybody, but she'd surprised by the variety of sizes and shapes of the things normally covered. And that unless they were dead, they'd look at her, but they wouldn't stare. After an hour, you'll forget you're naked. She was fidgeting the whole way there.
Holly and I walked into the lobby when we arrived and checked in with the desk clerk. I introduced myself and told him I was there for an interview. I showed Holly where the locker room was, so we could change, or rather undress.
As we undressed, I couldn't help but admire Holly's body. We had completely different body types. I'm short and stacked with lots of curves and auburn hair. Holly is tall, and athletic with smallish breasts and not an extra ounce of fat on her. Her hair is long and very blonde. She's incredibly beautiful.
She looked at me and said, "Boy, all that working out has done you a lot of good. You look hot. Maybe I'll start working out with you." I wasn't sure I wanted the competition at the workout center.
I asked her if she wanted me to show her around first, but she was out the door before I could finish my sentence. She always made me laugh. She had so much energy, she didn't know what to do with it.
I opened the door after her and yelled, "Don't forget sunblock." She waved me off. I went back out to the lobby.
Of course, for the interview I was naked. It's not that they were checking out my body. No one there ever had clothes on. It didn't even feel strange being nude for an interview.
Frank and August, the owners of the resort, came out to greet me. They looked like a normal couple in their fifties if the normal couple were naked.
Frank was good-looking for and older guy. Age had taken a toll on him. He looked like he was quite a hunk in his twenties and thirties. Now, his skin sagged a little, he was somewhat wrinkled, his hair was mostly gray, and he had gained a few pounds around his middle. Don't get me wrong, if I were in my mid-forties, I'd be very interested. He probably looked great in a suit. Outdoor exposure can cause wrinkles no matter how much sunblock you use.
His wife August was stunning. She looked like an older hippy chick. She was tall and slender with smallish breasts that fit her perfectly. She had beautiful long auburn hair that hung halfway down her back. She didn't seem to have an extra ounce of fat on her, but she had no bulging muscles. She had a timeless beauty. If I had to guess her age, she was somewhere between 35 and 50. I'm not sure how she avoided her skin aging from the sun.
They were outgoing and friendly with me. We went out to the pool for the interview. I had somehow expected a formal setting with a desk between us. I guess that came from watching movies and tv. I told them I was a little nervous because this was my first interview. When I thought about it, it seemed silly to be nervous in a place this relaxing. We sat around a table with an umbrella and talked. They were so laid back; I couldn't stay nervous.
They told me the history of the resort and about how they bought it ten years ago. They had been here as guests for years and loved it. It had become run down due to the owner's health issues. They talked to him, and he was delighted to sell it to them. He wanted the resort to continue after he died. Frank and August spent almost a year doing the major renovations. There were still new things that they wanted to add over the next few years. In fact, this summer they were opening a mini spa with a masseuse, steam room and sauna. They wanted to be the most popular naturist resort in Texas.
"Back to Nature" tended to have younger guests than a lot of naturist resorts. It was partly because they were not too far from UT. A lot of UT students got hooked on being nude outside because of "Hippie Hollow" on Lake Travis, the only official nude beach in the state of Texas. Also, they liked to have a lot of activities tailored to a younger crowd and they didn't have RV facilities. The average age here was in the early forties.
They described what my job would be. At least in the beginning, I would fill in any places that needed me. It could be waitressing, picking up towels, doing laundry, greeting new guests, helping with the activities or whatever. They told me the pay and it wasn't great, but it was OK. I'd get a bonus if I brought in new people, and they'd get a discount on their first visit.
"How can you afford do that." I asked.
Frank told me, "Close to 95% of people who come here once, come back. Once they get a taste of the lifestyle, they like it. You came back. We love college students. They bring their friends back."
I told them I didn't have a car and they said that somebody went to town almost every day, so that shouldn't be a big problem.
I was already thinking that I could get most of the sorority to come out. The fraternity guys would come out too if the girls did. Martin could help with that. Danny would come out and maybe Chris. I could get Clark to come out too. This was going to be a great summer and I'd get a great all over tan. That would drive guys crazy.
I spotted Holly across the pool, and she was waving at me.
"Is that your friend?"
"Yes. She's been my best friend since I started college." August waved for her to come over. She was excited and bubbly."
I said, "This is Holly. Holly, this is Frank and August. They're the owners of the resort."
"Hi. I love it here. Thank you for letting me come!"
Frank said, "Hi Holly, I'm glad you're having fun. We just wanted to meet you. Go and play. We need Tammy for a few more minutes and then she can show you around."
Holly ran off and jumped into the pool.
"Is this her first time at a naturist resort?"
"Yes, but she certainly likes it. I was a nervous wreck the first time I was here."
"We heard about your first trip and the staff should have delt with that better. We were out of town that weekend."
"Oh, it was great after I spotted Martin. I suspect I would have liked it even if he hadn't been here, but he did make it easier," I said.
"I can imagine that it was quite a shock coming here without knowing what it was."
"It was, but I'm so glad I stayed. It opened my mind to all sorts of things," I said.
"We normally make an effort to show new people around especially if it's their first time at any naturist resort," Frank said. "We'll tell the staff too so they can help them feel at home."
August said, "Well, Tammy, we'll take you around and introduce you to some of the staff. You seem perfect for us. We'll give you a book of rules for employees and a list of what the job entails. We'll let you work at some of the jobs to see how you like it. If everything is to your liking, the job is yours."
Frank said, "I have a little confession. This interview was just a formality. We asked the staff and some of our regulars about you when you were here last fall. Everyone loved you. They said you were pleasant, fun, helpful and respectful. Whenever you joined in an activity, you were enthusiastic about it. Bob said you even called him 'sir.' We had a good laugh about that. With those recommendations we were hoping you'd like to work here. We even considered calling you."
"We'll get your paperwork and grab keys for you and Holly. Then you can enjoy your weekend...unless you'd like to work over spring break?"
"Really? I not sure what's on Holly's schedule but if she's free, I'd love to."
"Great! We are short staffed this week. The weather's starting to get nice. It will be a trial by fire," August said. "Go ask Holly."
I went and talked to Holly, and she started jumping up and down. I went back to Frank and August.
"She's in!"
"Wonderful."
They gave me a full tour of the place, including the places the public doesn't see and introduced me to the staff. Everybody was extremely friendly. It almost seemed like I was joining a family.
"Just relax this weekend," August said.
"This will so much better than spending the week on an empty campus."
"Go find Holly and have fun tonight. The schedule of activities is posted next to the dining room. We'll talk later and we'll let you know what your schedule is for the week. You'll probably move through several jobs. The staff is a pretty tight-knit group, and you'll have lots of fun."
Tammy went to the front desk to get their keys. I told the clerk I was going to work there this summer and he said he was hoping that I would. Instead of a key he gave me slips of paper with a number printed on it. They had upgraded to keypads instead of keys.
They gave us cabins right next to each other. In the summer, I'd be in the employee housing, which was not quite as nice, but I'd never be there.
August caught up with me and gave me a packet with all the rules for the guests and employees along with some forms to fill out.
I found our cabins and started to go through the employee handbook. I was being geeky. This was my first job, and I was excited about it. I made myself stop and instead, I went to find Holly.
I expected to find her by the pool, but I didn't see her. I found her on the volleyball court. Holly was built for volleyball. Her smaller boobs were very firm and didn't bounce nearly as much as mine would. Her tall thin frame moved her around the court with grace. I'd never noticed all the muscles she had. Lots of men watched her. She knew it and liked it. She was a beautiful sight. It was girls against guys and the girls won easily.
I watched a couple of matches. It was fun watching the guys flopping around. They got tired after a while and she and her partner came over to see me.
She introduced me to her volleyball partner, Karen.
"Well, are you one of us now?" Karen asked.
"Yup, and I'm working this week too."
I asked Holly, "Have you put on any sunblock?"
"No, but I will, mom," she replied.
Karen said, "No, now. I'll put it on for you. Come with us Tammy. We can talk."
We went to a secluded spot. A much more secluded spot than Martin had found. It was fifty feet into the woods, where someone had put a lounge and a chair and covered them with towels.
It turned out Karen was an employee hanging around on her day off. I hadn't even thought about "days off." It was a resort, why would you leave?
Karen told Holly to lay down on her tummy. Her breasts pressed against the lounge, and she pulled her long straight blonde hair off her back to the side of her head. Her head rested on her hands. Karen picked up a bottle of sunblock and dripped a long line of the lotion from her neck to between her cheeks, leaving a big puddle at both ends. She dripped another line from one shoulder to the other leaving puddles again. It looked like a cross drawn on her back. She began by easing one arm out from beneath Holly's head. She rubbed the lotion from the top puddle onto Holly's shoulder and down her arm, pulling and stretching her skin. She gently put that arm back under her head and did the same with her other arm.
"I heard you might work here over the summer. That'll be fun."
"Yeah, I'm looking forward to it," I said.
The aroma of the sunblock lotion distracted me. I thought about Martin spreading lotion all over me last fall. That scent made me horny.
I couldn't take her eyes off the pool of lotion in the valley between Holly's cheeks. It had shrunk to almost nothing now, but I imagined it flowing over Holly's asshole then down over her pussy lips. I felt a familiar tingle between my legs.
"Everyone that works here is nice. You'll like them."
Karen worked her way down to the small of Holly's back and began spreading the lotion from between her cheeks to the skin on her hips. Each time she dipped her hand into that narrow valley between Holly's cheeks for more lotion she parted them, separated them.
"I can give you all the inside information on employees."
Karen moved to Holly feet. Holly spread her legs as Karen rubbed up from the tips of her toes to the bottom of her butt cheeks. When she got to the top, her thumbs rubbed up her lips to her asshole pressing against it. Holly was moaning.
"Some of the regulars have got stories to tell too."
Karen told Holly to turn over. With Holly on her back, Karen lifted Holly's legs and sat between them with her legs spread on either side of the lounge. She lowered Holly's legs to rest on top of hers and rubbed lotion into them. She scooted up so she could do Holly's chest. That raised Holly's legs, spreading them more. She reached up and dribbled lotion on Holly's chest and down to her pussy, pooling it on her nipples where it flowed down her peaks. The sensation made her whimper.
"We've got stories about them too. It's hard to keep secrets when you're always naked."
I decided I could use a bit more protection as well, so I grabbed the bottle and poured lotion all over my chest and tummy. As I began to rub it in, Karen watched me. No one had ever watched me before. I liked it. I rubbed the lotion over my breasts then over my tummy. I made a bit of a show out of it and it was turning me on.
Karen stretched up to rub the lotion into Holly's chest. "I love your tits, Holly. They're so firm." Holly smiled as she breathed deeply. "And your nipples are so hard." She squeezed them as best she could with them covered in lotion. Holly was starting to moan and squirm as Karen continued massaging Holly's tits.
"You have a lovely pair yourself Tammy and your abs are so flat you must be working out."
"Thank you. I started working out this winter."
Karen looked at me and asked, "Do you think that Holly should shave her pussy?" She was running her fingers through Holly's pubic hair as she moaned.
"She had it shaved as a pledge in our sorority, and she's let it grow back. So, I don't know. I love mine bare." I said as I rubbed lotion over my bare lips and the insides of my thighs. "I seem to be more sensitive bare."
"Shouldn't you ask me?" Holly said slightly out of breath.
Karen lightly ran her finger along Holly slit.
"Did you like your pussy shaved?"
Holly just moaned as Karen pressed lightly on her clit.
"That's what I thought."
Karen worked on Holly's tummy and sides. Holly laughed and told Karen she was ticklish. Her words were cut short when she felt Karen's hands on her pussy. Holly was moaning loudly with every breath. Karen used her thumbs to press on the outside of Holly's lips, sliding down then up. She squeezed them together, pushing them out. When she squeezed them over her clit, Holly whimpered. Karen spread Holly's lips apart, exposing her clit. She began massaging it between her thumbs as she moved up and down applying more, then less, pressure on Holly's clit. Holly spread her legs as far apart as she could. She was trembling and was on the verge of exploding.
Holly moaned each time Karen's thumb stroked her. Karen increased her speed and pressure until Holly's body went rigid and she came, biting her lip to stifle her scream. She grabbed Karen's hand to stop her. She was much too sensitive now for Karen to play. She lay there holding Karen's hand motionless on her pussy as she recovered.
"When anyone tells you that you need to put on sunblock, remember this." Karen said to Holly.
Holly sat up, untangled their legs, and kissed Karen. It didn't look like they were stopping anytime soon. I didn't know that Holly liked girls. I knew she liked guys.
I took that as my cue to leave.
I asked Karen, "Can you give her a tour of the place...later. And tell her the rules and what conduct is allowed and where?" Without breaking their kiss, she gave me the OK sign and I left, a little shaky.
I made it out of the woods and leaned up against a tree while I got my head straight and I heard a voice asking, "Are you alright?'
I looked up and saw an Adonis. I started feeling even more disoriented. He helped me over to a chair, as if touching me was going to help. Besides, now his cock was at eye level. I'm not supposed to stare but he had a nice one.
"Do you work here?" I asked.
"As a matter of fact, I do."
"I'm Tammy and I'm going to­­..."
"Tammy! You're going to work here this summer."
"How did you know..."
"Word gets around."
"I was born and raised in a tiny town. I know how word spreads."
"All the employees know your name, but we don't all know your pretty face yet."
My god he was a good-looking man. If you looked up "hunky guy" in the dictionary, his picture would be there but, in the dictionary, he wouldn't be naked. This guy was very naked.
"You looked a little shaky."
"I'm fine. What did you say your name was? Jeff?"
"Hey, the staff is having a 'beginning of the season' party tonight about 1:00 am. Why don't you come meet everyone?" Jeff asked.
"I've got a friend with me."
"Bring him."
"Her. But is it alright if I bring her?"
"Sure. We don't have a whole lot of rules after midnight. Is your friend the one that played volleyball with Karen?"
"Yeah, Holly."
"I'm sure she's already been invited."
"Are you working today, Jeff?"
"Yea. See the necklace, it means I'm on duty."
I wanted to ask if he could spare a few minutes to explore the woods with me, but he was working.
"Of course. Well, I guess I'll see you tonight."
I thought, "He could put sunblock on me anytime."
It was around 6:00 and I hadn't seen Holly for a while. Dinner was a buffet. The dining hall was set up with about fifteen tables that sat six people each. Frank and August wanted everyone to know everyone else. There were name cards at every seat. The idea was to get you out of your safe space; to share a meal with people you didn't know. It was like a wedding where couples were seated with other couples. Here, unlike at a wedding, each person was seated with strangers, and everyone was naked. You ate with different people at every meal.
I was wonderful because you met all kinds of different people, old people, middle-aged people, young people, people of all races, and occupations. People you might not talk to in any other setting. They all had one thing in common, they all like to get together and take their clothes off. Even in that there was diversity. Some people that had never been to a nudity resort before and some people who went to one when every they could.
Frank and August were careful and if there was a couple that had never been to a nudist resort, they would sit the couple together or at the same table. At least for the first night. You can't force people to be comfortable but you can nudge them in that direction. It sounds strange, and it is, but it worked well to get people to know each other. I saw Holly but she was at another table.
They wanted everyone who came there to have a fun time. Their number one rule was, don't let anyone feel uncomfortable. They did everything they could to make people feel at home here and would try to help anyone that didn't. That was a big part of the employees' job too. That's why so many people came back.
It was a strange seeing a room full of naked people sitting on their towels when it was dinner time, but the food was great there. They had a great chef who cooked a wide variety of food. The drinking age was enforced, unfortunately. They could lose their liquor license if they served minors.
After dinner, Frank asked me to help with the cleanup. I was glad to help, and I got to know some of the kitchen staff.
The evening activity was Trivia! It was your basic bar trivia game except like at dinner, the teams chosen for you, this time randomly. I helped run the game and I got to meet a lot of the regulars. They all seemed to know me, and that I'd be working here during the summer. Holly's team was good but not quite good enough. They came in second, but Holly's enthusiasm made her team, the fun one.
There were activities every night. Most were some kind of game, board games, cards, even naked Twister. One game people really liked was passing an orange or balloon down a row of people, without using your hands. It was fun and sexy without being sexual. In the middle of the summer, when the days were long, there were even silly things like three legged races and scavenger hunts.
Some nights there was dancing, sometimes with live music. Dancing was an interesting and fun way to get to know someone, up close and personal. Some nights you would draw a name out of a hat for your dance partner. Dancing with a stranger was both nerve racking and fun. It pushed everyone's boundaries. It amazed me how polite everyone was. You'd think dancing with a naked stranger would cause issues, but it didn't seem to. Every now and then, a guy would give a butt a little squeeze or a woman might wiggle against a man just to get his attention. But it was all fun and flirty.
The activities weren't required, but almost everyone participated. It was sort of the culture there; laid back, fun, silly, and sexy.
After cleaning up from trivia night I headed back to my cabin. Holly was already there but had forgotten her code. I reminded her and I asked her all about her day. She told me what a wonderful day she'd had. And how tired she was. I reminded her we still had a party to go to and she perked up.
When we got to the party, there were about twenty employees there and a few guests equally split between guys and girls. I went over to Karen and asked about the people on the staff, in particular, the guys. Everyone that worked at a nudist resort stayed in decent shape. They were all good-looking. Karen told me who was dating who, who was gay, lesbian, or flexible, and who was particularly good in bed.
I asked about Jeff, and she said he was available if I could get to him. He was in high demand among the staff and the guests.
"Don't get too hung up on his good looks. Sure, he's good-looking and has a great cock but he relies on his good looks too much," she said. "There are some better choices if you want to do more than admire a body, if you get my drift."
"Really?"
"Some guys have to try harder and that pays off."
Staff mixing with the guests wasn't encouraged but it happened. She told me not to get too attached to anyone on the staff. Relationships among the staff didn't last long but everyone knew that, so no one got hurt.
I found out that public displays of affection, while not condoned, were largely ignored after midnight if we kept it under control. Everyone on the staff had pretty much slept with everyone else at some point.
"You and Holly are going to be in high demand this week because you're new. It's going to be a busy summer for you if you want it to be."
At the party, we drank, smoked, swam, soaked in the hot tub and talked. People talked about what they did in the off season and any new people, like me, met the others. Most of the people knew me from the last time I was here. Someone told the story, and I'm sure it will be told again, about my first time here when I didn't know that it was a nudist resort. They also talked about how Martin and I came out of the woods after everyone had heard me screaming and how Martin tried to explain away the fingernail scratches as "from a branch."
It was nice to hear the stories because it gave me a feeling of being part of the group, the in-crowd. Once the stories started, they went on for a long time. There was a story about everyone there. Most had been told for years. They were all a little embarrassing, but none were mean spirited, and we all got to laugh with each other.
I saw Jeff get into the hot tub, and I followed him. We talked for a while and did a little kissing and exploring. He stopped things and told me that he'd love to spend some time with me but that tonight he had a date. I saw what Karen meant when she said that he could be full of himself. But he sure was pretty and I would still like to be full of him. Several other people joined us in the hot tub. Jeff slipped out and I didn't see him until the next day.
Karen wanted Holly for the night, but she was open to another girl or guy if Holly was. Holly looked at me and I shook my hesd. As Karen and Holly left, Karen whispered to me that she'd have me by the end of the summer and kissed me on the cheek. I'm not sure why but that idea made me very horny, and she might be right. As people were pairing off for the night, I took this lifeguard I'd been talking to by the hand and led him to my cabins. It had been a fun day and he was just what I needed to end it.
Saturday, I worked in the dining room for all three meals. Since almost all meals were buffet style there wasn't that much to do. Mostly I checked that everything was spotlessly clean and that there was a fresh stack of towels to sit on and set the tables. I helped bring out the big trays of food and checked if they needed replacing. After the guest ate, we picked up all the towels and tablecloths, took all the dishes and food trays for washing, and made everything spotless again.
After meals, the staff ate and if needed we would have a little meeting.
Between meals I helped mostly around the pool area making sure that bottles of sunblock were full, used towels and empty glasses were removed, and asked if the guests needed anything. I couldn't serve drinks because of my age.
Frank and August were fanatics about cleanliness, so we kept the whole property spotless, and the guests appreciated it.
We worked ten-hour shifts. Since I worked breakfast, I was technically off after dinner but for the most part, I'd work the after dinners activities too since there wasn't much else to do and it was fun. We were all expected to pick up the slack when needed.
After my first day, I was tired. The work wasn't hard, but I wasn't accustomed to being on my feet all day. As I headed to my cabin, I saw the lifeguard I'd been with last night walking off with his arm around a girl. Oh well. I was almost there when I saw a guy that had been on the winning trivia team. I asked him if he wanted to go for a walk and talk for a while. I really shouldn't mix with the guests but even though I was tired, I wasn't sleepy. It was only about 10:30. I asked him if he had seen the grassy areas that overlooked the lake. He hadn't, so I grabbed a couple of flashlights and showed him one. He needed the complete tour.
He loved the view of the lake and the full moon. He liked it even better while I gave him a blowjob. His view was obstructed when he went down on me. But as the moon rose, so did my ass and he fucked me from behind, in the full moonlight. We weren't the only ones out that night. Sounds of wildlife were all around us. I wondered if all jobs were this much fun.
When I got to the cabin, I was a little surprised to hear a male voice coming from Holly's place. Then I heard Karen's voice too. I was glad Holly was having such a good time on her visit.
On Monday afternoon, I got a pleasant surprise. I was picking up towels by the pool and heard a familiar voice. I turned around and saw Martin and Danny. They came out to the resort since I was going to be there all week. Martin was the man that showed me the ropes the first time I was here. Danny was the man that I gave my virginity to last summer, back in my hometown. He started at UT in January.
I had called Martin on Saturday to tell him I got the job and to let him know that we were staying all week. But I was totally surprised when I saw him here, and with Danny. I ran over to them and gave them big hugs, I was delighted to see them, especially Danny. He'd never been here, and I knew that he would love it.
When they saw how good my new body looked, they both started to get hard. That made me smile.
I talked to them for a minute, but I was on duty, so we made a date for later. If I skipped the activities, we could get together after dinner. I saw Holly, called her over and introduced her to our new guest.
When I walked away, she followed me and asked, "Are Martin and Danny here for just you or can I play with them?"
"I'm sure I'll get with them sometime this week but knock yourself out. They're both really talented. Danny took my virginity last summer and we played all summer long. He's a lot of fun. I'd planned on getting together with one or the other after dinner."
"Maybe we can all get together tonight." Holly said.
"That be great," I said. "I wanted to ask you later about last night. You sounded like you were having fun."
"Best vacation ever!"
"I see that you decide to shave."
"Yeah, Karen helped me. She said it was smoother on her tongue now."
"I'm going back to work. Have fun and I'll see you tonight."
I went back to cleaning up around the pool. My job was not hard, but it was constant. When I thought about working for Mr. Baker in the hardware store, this place seemed like a paradise.
I saw Martin and Danny briefly at dinner and asked what was going on later.
"Holly said that we all should meet by the volleyball court," Martin said.
"Ok, I'll see you then."
I got away about 7:30 and went down to the lake. The three were sitting around talking. I had a flashlight so I could see where I was going.
Holly spotted me coming and said, "How have I not met these guys at school? Have you been hiding them?"
"No, we just haven't been at the same place at the same time."
I asked, "Danny, has anyone shown you the places in the woods that overlook the lake?" He shook his head. "Well, I think we need a field trip. Let's go."
Everyone got up and we headed into the woods. It was dark but we found a spot about fifty yards into the woods. We spread out some towels I'd brought. It was so dark that we could hardly see each other but I knew that the moon would begin to rise soon.
I felt a man's arms around me. I wasn't sure who it was until he kissed me. It was Danny. His kiss would always feel familiar. It took me back to those sweltering summer days and nights back home went we were experimenting and learning about sex and pleasure. He always felt great in my arms. I hadn't realized how horny I was.
He whispered in my ear, "You really look great. Working has done wonderful things for you."
My eyes adjusted to the little light there was, and I saw Holly giving Martin a blowjob. It looked so hot that I went down on Danny. I think seeing all the naked women had excited him and he didn't last long. I started watching Holly and Martin. I'd never watched another couple going at it except that one time when Martin had told me it was rude. I looked up and saw Danny was watching too.
"Martin, Holly, do you mind if we watch?"
"Not at all," Martin said. His voice was strained.
My head was resting on Danny's thigh, and we watched Martin and Holly. Danny was getting excited again. Watching was getting me excited too. I slowly stroked Danny's cock as we watched. I wasn't nearly done with him. It was a beautiful sight. Holly was doing a superlative job of keeping Martin right on the edge, prolonging his pleasure.
Having people watch, excited Holly. She was finished keeping Martin on the edge and began moving up and down on his shaft rapidly. Martin came with a groan and as Holly continue to lick and suck him, she looked at me and smiled.
Danny was hard as a flagpole. He pulled me up and put me on my knees and plunged into me. Danny had always fit me just right. He began to slide in and out of me.
Holly said, "Do you mind if we watch." I shook my head and I assume Danny did too as he began thrusting harder into me. I looked over and Holly straddled Martin and was slowly rubbing her pussy on his hardening cock. They were both watching us. When Martin was hard again, he slid into Holly. She was taking her time rocking her hips on Martin enjoying the show Danny and I were putting on. Being watched excited Danny and he sped up. So did Holly and when she heard me come, she came too. The guys continued thrusting into us until they came.
Holly said she needed to go to the bathroom and wanted me to go with her. We went into the woods by the lake, took care of our business and cleaned ourselves using the cold lake water.
She then whispered to me, "That was fucking hot to watch. Do you want to trade?
"What?"
"Trade guys. I sure they won't mind."
"OK."
This was going to be another first for me. Watching a couple having sex and then swapping guys.
We went back, and Holly walked over to Danny, sat down, and kissed him. I walked over to Martin and kissed him.
Holly said, "We're switching." She rubbed Danny's cock and asked, "Anyone have any objections? Good."
Holly was anything but shy. She lay down on her back, bent her knees and spread them and looked at Danny. This was new for Danny, going down on a woman just after she'd been fucked by someone else but was always up for anything. He licked Holly's pussy from bottom to top.
Martin and I saw that, and he pushed me on my back and got between my legs. This was near the place where Martin and I first fucked. My mind drifted back to that time until his tongue touched my clit jolting me back to the present. I looked over at Holly. She smiled at me with glazed eyes and moaned. I was already close and before long my orgasm overtook me.
We had this weird sync going on, hearing me come, and of course Danny's talented tongue, made Holly come as well.
The guys climbed up and entered us and again we seemed in sync. We were all moaning and groaning; thrusting and pushing; grasping and kissing; together. It was almost as we were all fucking each other at the same time. Some impossible combination of four horny teens. Intertwined. I screamed along with Holly, and Danny and Martin grunted in unison.
We all fell apart, lying next to each other, boy, girl, boy, girl, and I felt this communion that I had never experienced before.
Holly said, "That was..."
Everyone else mumbled in agreement.
We slept like that for a while but finally got cold. We got up and headed to the cabins. Danny stayed with me, and Martin stayed with Holly but it hardly mattered. We fell straight asleep.
In the morning I got up for the breakfast shift. I heard noises coming from Holly's room. It wouldn't surprise me if Danny joined them.
The rest of the week was pretty uneventful for me. Getting to work at 7:00 am and getting back to the cabin at midnight, kept me tired. I was glad for the extra stamina my workouts had given me.
I knew Holly was having a delightful time from the sounds coming from her place. I don't know who she was with every night, but she was having a wonderful time. Martin and Danny became good friends from what I could tell. I spent some more time with each of them over the week and it was great as always.
On Friday evening, they had an Employee/Guest volleyball tournament. Holly and Karen won and the turnout for the final match was incredible. I don't know what they won other than bragging rights, but I do know that they celebrated their victory late into the night.
On Saturday night, before we left on Sunday, Jeff asked if I wanted to get together. I thought, "What the hell, that would be fun," and agreed. We both helped with game night. We played "pass the orange" and it was fun. The old guys there always wanted me to be on their team. Some of the old guys were not that old. They may have been in their forties. It was sexy and fun.
Eventually, Jeff ended up at my place. I wanted him because of his nice body and cock. I think he wanted me, so he could say that he'd been with me. That was OK with me. But Karen was right. Either he was not trying, or no one had taught him how to please a woman. The sex was at best, OK. Nothing compared to anything else that week.
I told Frank and August that I'd love to work there over the summer and thanked them for being so nice to Holly and me. I had to go home and figure out the exact dates I could work. It depended on my school schedule. Holly thanked them too and promised that she be there at least once over the summer.
Holly and I had a long talk on the way home. She was tired and sore but couldn't wait to come back. She filled me in on the fun she'd had with Karen, Martin, Danny, and several others. Until she thought back, she didn't realize just how much sex she'd had and with how many people. I guess if you can't remember everyone's name, that's a lot of sex. But she had decided that if she was going to run around naked, she was going to be open to trying anything. She had zero regrets about the things she'd done and there were still things that she wanted to do.
"This is a little embarrassing to ask, but how was it with Karen? Had you ever been with a woman before?" I asked.
Holly said, "I think we're beyond being embarrassed around each other. That was my first time with a woman, and it was wonderful with Karen. She knew more about my body than I do. She taught me a lot. I'm not giving up on guys though."
I said, "Karen whispered to me that she'd have me by the end of the summer. I think she may be right. She's really sexy."
"Trust me, just relax and enjoy it. I'm so jealous you get to be there all summer."
Holly said, "Tammy, if you hadn't gone there last fall and told us about it, I would have never done it. Thank you."
We talked about all the things we did for the first time over our "spring break". Holly's list was a lot longer than mine. I told her we'd compare again at the end of the summer. I planned to have an incredibly fun summer with no regrets.
We agreed that the best night was the foursome with Martin, Danny and the two of us. That might be something to revisit.
When we got back to the sorority, Holly gave me a big hug and a kiss on the cheek and said, "Thank you so much for taking me with you. It was the best week of my life."
"You're welcome. It's fun seeing you have so much fun. You're a special person."
We went in and talked it up at the sorority. When Holly talked to them privately about what she'd done over spring break, their trips to a topless beach or whatever paled in comparison. Some people said they didn't believe her. But they did. The girls of Theta Alpha Beta had a reputation and Holly had really lived up to it.
As much as the sex intrigued them, a lot didn't think they could be naked all the time. I told them the first fifteen minutes were hard. After that, it felt strange to have clothes on. I suggested a naked day in the sorority house. I added that it can be a bit "harder" for the guys. That got them giggling.
Martin and Danny talked it up among their friends and when the girls found out some of the best-looking guys wanted to go, they got a lot more interested.
Frank and August didn't want to have too many unattached men at once. I told the girls that if they arranged a trip of 15-20 non-monogamous couples, they could probably get a group rate and maybe a group of cabins together.
I wondered if Clark would be interested. He might find a woman he liked or bring a woman he liked or at least get laid. There were a couple of women on the staff that were in their later twenties that would love him. Or maybe he'd like to spend a couple of days with me. I'd have to ask him next time we were together.
Author's postscript: Thanks for reading my story. I plan to continue adding more "Tammy" stories. If you have any suggestions for new adventures for Tammy, please let me know by public comment.
Please vote below. You don't need to be a member to vote or comment.